Not the greatest Mexican food I've ever had, but certainly not the worst.
The waiter wasn't that great, but he did ensure fast service.
I ordered the chicken tortilla soup, the cheapest thing on the menu, and quite tasty as well.
The soup had generous portions of chicken (this is nice because restaurants skip out on meat portions quite often).
Instead of traditional red salsa, they give you salsa verde and another dip that tastes similar to guacamole, but in a salsa form.
Good food for a good price, but there's nothing special about this place.

We try to eat here every time we are in Vegas - its that good!
I've been happy with all my meals here, the latest being a gaucho steak salad, which is a whole bunch of steak strips served on half a head of lettuce with onions and a fabulous dressing, as well as an interesting vegetable that looked like a cross between asparagus and broccoli.
It was all very tasty.
My dh had the chef make a shrimp diablo fajita that he really enjoyed.
Prices are good, service is great, food excellent!

Coming from Southern California, one would think that I would be tired of south-of-the-border cuisine as I visited Las Vegas.
Perhaps Mexican food is in my comfort zone, but as I strolled through New York-New York around dinner time, Gonzalez Y Gonzalez sounded very appetizing.
It's a small restaurant, with many tables outnumber the few booths.
Our waitress was below average to everyone she was serving, though my party and I noted that the other waiters seemed more attentive.
The bar served 48 oz frozen margaritas, which could be seen on many of the dining tables.
It's also good to note that there is a wide selection of tequila and margaritas offered.
Like many Mexican restaurants (at least in California), chips and salsa were presented as starters.
The salsa was amazing, with the chips not lacking either.
I ordered a chicken enchilada and chicken burrito two item combo, along with a mojito.
The mojito was delicious; the drink was almost green from the mint.
Both the enchilada and burrito did not disappoint, either.
The chicken was moist and flavorful, and the sauces covering each item were delicious.
The beans were tasty, but the rice was not good.
It tasted like the microwavable kind.
Overall, the food was very good, and well-priced.
I was surprised to find it comparable to the great Mexican-American food chains found in California.

I used to go the the Gonzalez Y Gonzalez back in the actual New York City and have the pozole at least once every 6 weeks.
It's unfortunate, but they took it off the menu here.
Maybe it's because visitors to Las Vegas who stay at the New York, New York don't "get" what pozole is.
So.
There's tortilla soup instead.
But I'm not sooo disappointed because each time I've come here the staff has been friendly and efficient.
The food is basic mexican but it's done consistently well.
The tilapia tacos were seasoned enough to please me and also my 2 year old.
The enchiladas and tacos were simple and tasty.
Chips were light and the salsa smokey and spicy.
It's kid friendly and good for big groups.
You're not going to get anything out of the ordinary here but you don't have to leave the Strip to get decent Mexican food.

This place was okay.
I would advise not ordering the steak in your fajitas unless you really like your meat well-done (to which I say, you must not really like meat...).
Also, cheese does not come with the fajitas and the vegetables in it are not fully cooked.
So biting into a piece of red pepper, way undercooked...my tongue was burning off.
My boyfriend liked his, though.
Overall, the service was fine and the prices were okay.
Nothing spectacular.

Stopped by here on the way to the roller coaster in NYNY for some Raspberry Margaritas para llevar.
Drank them while we waited in line.
Great idea, definitely need to go double fisted as the line is semi-long.

My husband and I came in here during a recent trip to Vegas.
We had:  * Chips and Salsa (two salsas - one red and smoky, the other spicy and green).
* The "Salsa" Trio - guacamole, queso, and sour cream.
Oddly enough, no salsa?
* Chicken Tortilla Soup.
* Oven-Roasted Broccoflower Soup with Green Chile Puree and Sweet Corn Dumpling.
* Chili-Lime Chicken Fajitas.
* Combo - chili rellenos, chicken tamale, barbacoa burrito.
We really weren't impressed with the food here at all.
It started out good though.
We both enjoyed the salsas that were brought to the table.
The broccoflower soup was a little watery but had great flavor.
Everything else was terrible.
The chicken tortilla soup was bland.
The entrees took far too long and were definitely not worth the wait.
The chile lime chicken fajitas tasted like store brought chicken strips.
They were pretty much flavorless, with no tasteable chile or lime anywhere.
The sauteed peppers were the best thing on the plate.
The combo plate was buried in sour cream.
It looked bad and tasted bad.
The tamale was dry and flavorless, the chili rellenos were soggy and the barbacoa was dry.
Not to mention that there was some emergency light flashing over our head for half the meal, and the constant slot machine sounds.
If I ever return to Vegas, I won't be making a stop in here.

A solid choice for Mexican food while in NYNY.
Probably not the absolute best Mexican food you've ever had, but definitely not the worst.
The service here was quick and attentive.
Overall, the food was pretty good and so was the service.
If you want a quick break from the tables and a decent bite to eat, you won't be disappointed.

I wanted to watch some football games while eating and ESPN zone was SUPERPACKED, so I wandered into this dive in the New York - New York.
Now I don't get what it is about places like this that have multiple TV's and have all the TV's on the same game while there are multiple games on different channels.
I mean, stagger some TV's between different games yanno people?
We don't all want to watch the same commercials on every TV.
Anyhow, the food.
I sat at the bar and got a margarita that was pretty good.
I got some chips and salsa.
After reading some other reviews here, I'm kinda miffed.
They only brought me the red salsa, I didn't even get to try the green one!
Bastards!
The chips were HOT when they brought them out, and were light and flavorful, good chips.
The red salsa was adequate in flavor but lacked a little heat, so nothing outstanding there.
The bartender asked if I was 'really hungry' while I perused the menu.
I said sure I guess, so he suggested the Fajita burrito.
That choice sounded fine so that's what I got.
It was served fairly quickly and yeah it was a good sized burrito served with rice and beans.
The meat was not bad, heavy taste on the marinade, but did seem to be cooked alright.
The burrito itself was heavy, the guacamole did not taste fresh, and the sauce they put on the burrito seemed distracting to the taste of the fajitas.
My biggest peeve was the the side rice and beans were not good at all.
The rice lacked flavor and seemed stale, and the beans were horrid.
I've tasted better beans right out of a can of Rosarito.
I only ate about half of what was on the plate and that's highly unusual for me.
So overall this seemed a decent place to grab a margie and a tequila shot, but I don't plan on eating here again.

Basic margaritas and "Mexican" food.
We opted to avoid the margaritas and went with a basic cosmo and a tanqueray and tonic.
Both good choices, strong and well mixed.
Started with the chips and salsa which came with two salsa varieties: a red, smoky salsa and a green and rather spicy salsa.
The chips were warm and salty (just the way I like them).
We asked for more of the red salsa because we loved the smokiness of it.
The waiter, Raymond, obliged and was very courteous to us.
Since we were heading to a show, we ordered a couple of appetizers instead of full entrees.
Got the shredded chicken taquitos and an order of the table-side made guacamole.
Both were good choices, in fact, the guacamole was perfectly seasoned.
All in all a good choice, fairly inexpensive, and decent service.

Pretty good!
The atmosphere/setting of this restaurant is awesome.
Located in the New York, New York you will actually feel that you are sitting in an outside table in an alley of the big city.
Lighting was of course somewhat dim with some "christmas-type" lights strung above you.
The chips and salsa were very tasty.
They use white corn tortilla chips instead of the regular yellow corn at most Mexican restaurants.
The salsa was very flavorful as well.
And of course, I found myself gorging in these before our meal came.
Lunch was actually pretty tasty.
Much better than any chain Mexican restaurant around, I had the two combination plate with a chicken enchilada and beef burrito.
Both were very hot and had a good mix of cheese/sauce smothered on top.
Rice was flavorful and beans were not too salty or bland.
All in all, we had a great time.
The food was pretty good, service was ok, and setting was awesome.
Also a rather cheap lunch on the strip.

So I was in Vegas a few months ago for a cheer competition and as well know we have all had to tighten the belt a little so going to Vegas in these times was not the best timing.
So having a Steak dinner was not going to happen and room service was only ordered once :(  But lucky for us we were meeting some friends at the dueling piano bar and had some time for some grub so we stopped over at Gonzales Y Gonzalez and man am I glad we did.
They greeting us with a warm basket of chips and offered their margarita which sounded and tasted so good!
As always I ordered the Carnitas tacos which I have always ordered from all mexican restaurants that are put to the test and they passed with flying colors.
The tacos were a perfect size their beans and rice tasted authentic and the price was oh so right!
I don't know about you but I get so excited when I get a cheap bill.
I dont know how many times we have gotten a big bill that was so over priced and made me mad.
You have to pay no matter what but sometimes it just sucks.
We ate here twice during our trip and didnt even feel guilty about not going to try something new, it was like why "try" something else when we have a sure thing...I guess I wasn't into experimenting that weekend.
I will definitely go back next time I am in town.

Been here a few times.
If your staying at nyny and don't feel like walking this place is good for apps and drinks.
Most impressive is the 3ft margarita.
Although pricey at 15 bucks they aren't shy on the alchy and refills are 13 anytime you bring the glass back.
Theyre great to bring to the pool and check out the scenery with, if u get my drift.

As many other yelpers have noted, this is not the best Mexican food you'll ever eat and definitely not the most authentic, but it was definitely reasonably priced and fairly tasty.
The restaurant is located at NY NY near where the theater for the Cirque du Soleil show Zumanity is.
The atmosphere is nothing all that special, but it's got strings of Christmas lights and a decent sized patio to give it a little ambiance.
The food was average Tex-Mex at average Tex-Mex prices.
They've got tacos, burritos, salads, combo plates, chips, salsa, guac, and a comprehensive list of tasty margaritas (even a 3-foot-tall one!).
One thing that made this place great was the service -- I was staying at NY NY with a 15-person group for a bachelor/bachelorette party and the hostesses, waiters, and servers were all VERY nice and accommodating and actually seemed genuinely excited to have our group there.
Even when we got a little bit rowdy and loud, nobody blinked an eye or said a thing and they were overly helpful in getting our orders, separate checks, and drinks taken care of easily and quickly.
I wouldn't go here if I was in the mood for the best, most authentic Mexican food, but given the convenience of it, their great service, and the fact that the food was tasty enough and decently priced, I'd definitely go back.

I like this place.
Think of Gonzalez Y Gonzalez as like an upscale Chevy's, but with better service and higher quality food.
My friend brought me here and I didn't know what to expect.
What I didn't want to order was something traditional like a burrito or enchiladas, I get plenty of that at home.
I ordered the Blue Corn Chicken ($15.95 - maize fed chicken pan seared with cilantro lime potatoes, grilled broccolini, and salsa cruda).
It took me by surprise because it was presented very gourmet like and it was so good!
Finished off the dinner with a Oaxacan Chocolate Cake, not sure if it's still on that menu, but that was really good too.
If you're in NYNY and want something affordable with good portions, give Gonzalez Y Gonzalez a shot!

Definitely reasonably priced, but this isn't the place you want to go as a veggie on your first day in Vegas when you're hot and tired from an early AM wake up call and plane ride to Vegas.
The belly definitely wasn't happy walking out in the hot sun after a big Mexican lunch.
I was in a burrito stupor for most of the afternoon.
I might come back for dinner on a cool day, but veggie lunchgoers, stay away on a hot Vegas afternoon!

2.5 stars, but rounded down based on taste and value.
Basically, this restaurant was just easy to sit at yesterday, versus the over-crowded ESPN Center.
The menu looked decent enough, but when the food came out, it was pretty unexciting and unimpressive.
The taco/burrito/enchilada combinations will be sure to affect you later in the day (if you know what I mean).
My steak salad had good steak, but sad salad.
Free chips and salsa!

In a city overflowing with food options, from the all-you-can-eat buffets that range from excellent to mediocre to the $1.99 shrimp cocktails to the Michelin-star fine dining experiences, this place falls flat on its face.
We came in here after a long, long day of boozing and traipsing up and down the Strip.
We found ourselves here later in the evening and instead of being, "well, what do you want?
"  "No, what do you want?
"  We decided upon this place "just because" and of all the places we ate at, w/the exception of the Victorian Cafe at the old Barbary Coast, this was the most unimpressive of all our meals.
The food here is atypical of any "tex/mex" eatery, as in On the Border or Jose Teja's, but I didn't leave here with my clothes and hair smelling of the place, so that bumps it up a star, and being in close proximity to a toilet doesn't hurt, either.
You will leave here with a burrito hangover, I assure you, if that's what you are looking for - so uninspiring, I almost forgot I ate here.

Being from Texas, I automatically give Mexican food places a little leeway once I leave the state.
The positives were that the chips and salsa were really good as were the rice and beans.
My husband said his fish tacos were great, but I cannot attest since he did not let me try them.
The margarita I had (a house rocks with salt) was decent, but had a slightly off flavor that I could not identify.
I guess it could not have been too bad since I ordered another one.
I ordered the shrimp tacos which by themselves would have been two stars.
The sauce they had on them was just weird, and the shrimp was overdone.
But, the service was great - really friendly and attentive, but I didn't feel rushed.

I have tried a lot of restaurants in Vegas and honestly this is the ONLY place that my BF and I return to on every visit.
The environment is casual and the food is so good.
Gonzalez y Gonzalez never lets me down!

This restaurant had some of the best food at a reasonable price I have had on the strip.
The complimentary chips and salsa were so delicious, I couldn't stop munching on them; they told me it was made from grilled tomatoes and mesquite seasoning.
We ordered the Gonzalez nachos and carnitas tacos, and both exceeded our expectations for food along the strip, and even our expectation for Mexican food in this area.
To top it all off, the wait staff was incredibly attentive and very friendly.
I will definitely be coming back here when we play in Vegas again.

Great service!
7 of us came in on break from our convention and we were starving.
Chips and salsa were immediate and fantastic.
We had a lot of special requests which were all accommodated.
Service was fast and attentive and pleasant.
Food was tasty and we were all impressed.

Happened upon this place while waiting to watch Zumanity @ the NYNY.
I was actually pretty surprised by this place.
It has a nice atmosphere and really decent prices for an in casino restaurant.
The chips and salsa were perfect and the carnitas tacos I had were moist and juicy.
Everything served hot and fresh with great ambiance.
The beans were pretty tasty, and something most restaurants mess up.
If your on this end of the strip its not a bad place to stop before heading to the club.

Our second dinner in Vegas led us to this little gem stashed away in the back corner of "Times Square.
"  The atmosphere definitely screams "Chevy's Tex-Mex" which isn't a bad thing, I love Chevy's, but may be off-putting to those that are seeking something more authentic.
After reviewing the options I settled on a two-item consisting of a chicken taco and a chile relleno, and after a short wait, they arrived.
The food was excellent.
In fact, the chicken taco was probably among the best I've had at a sit-down Mexican restaurant.
The chile relleno was also excellent, though the breading was a bit on the heavy side.
The cheese inside was fantastic and the rice and beans that accompanied the two were good as well.
I left a very happy, full gringo that night.

A decent "cheap eats" in a casino.
I really liked their chicken nachos.
The chicken was cooked in a tasty red sauce similar to tinga (tinga is a traditional Mexican dish).
I would go back on my next visit to Vegas.
The first time I went to this place was for the Latin dancing on a Saturday night about six months ago.
On our most recent trip last week we decided to give the food a try while visiting NY-NY.

Before a night of heavy drinking, packing my belly full of Mexican food always seems like a good plan.
I like this place because in the land of pricey dining, it is pretty inexpensive.
They have great salsa, and really good food.
Not the best enchilada taco combination ever, but right up there...and they aren't shy with serving sizes.
I would be happy to eat there again.

This place is great.
The chicken tacos are the best with a sky high drink.

This place is good!
I was surprised how great the food was.
My friend and I were walking all over the strip and just happened upon this place!
I only like two Mexican restaurants in Vegas and they are Viva Mercados and Gonzales, Gonzalez!!

This was by far one of our favorite places we ate the whole week we were in Vegas.
We went during the soccer game, so it was BUSY!
It was loud, rowdy and FUN!
It took quite awhile to get our order taken, or our margaritas for that matter.
But like I said, they were beyond busy and seemed under staffed.
The manager was running and doing as much as she could.
The staff was all VERY polite [something we encountered very little of while in Vegas].
The food was worth the wait, hot and delicious!
We didn't finish and they boxed it up, along with extra chips & salsa for us... napkins, cutlery, etc.
Once the game ended, it calmed down a ton.
The manager made sure we were taken care of.. and our waiter was funny & didn't stop smiling the whole time.
We will absolutely be back on our next trip!

Went here for dinner a month ago while staying at New York New York.
It was relatively early Saturday night (6ish) and got seated right away.
The food was mediocre at best.
I had a barbacoa burrito, which was decent in flavor and quality of meat.
However, all of the food almost felt like it had been pre-made and then microwaved to order.
It wasn't horrible, but there's definitely better options to be had.

I frequent G&G every time I come to Vegas, and always enjoy the quality and consistency of the food.
I highly recommend it, and keep in mind that's comin' from a Texan, folks!

Heebus Jeebus this is our new favorite "mexican" restaurant in Vegas.
Three words: BEST.
SALSA.
EVER.
Wait, is that drool on my space bar as I nostalgically reminisce about the most fantastic, mind blowing restaurant salsa I've had IN MY LIFE?
Hold on as I grab some more tissue.
*slobber slobber*  We flagged the waiter down and I attempted to charm the kadoozie out of him to get the secret recipe, but all we pulled out was that it was "made fresh daily", "the tomatoes are roasted on a hickory grill" and "vegetarians always get mad 'cuz they say there's meat flavor in the salsa when in fact it's just the smoke from the grill which gives it that sweet smoky taste".
Stupid vegetarians.
Every day I try to consume twice as much meat as recommended by my doctor just to cancel out one vegetable-eating moron.
I got the enchiladas and hubby got a burrito.
We got massive food coma immediately after and swore that the next night we'd down massive amounts of red bull to make up for pitifully calling it quits at 11pm.
Vegas Fail!
Came back again for a farewell lunch a few days later.
The tortilla soup I ordered was nothing to write home about but jiminy crickets the hubby's chile relleno knocked my socks off.
Buahaha, that's what she said.
Also, GREAT service.
Definitely returning.

Stayed at the NY NY Hotel/Casino - 111 F outside.
We were NOT going out for dinner!
Ended up in the "Village" downstairs - saw a gaggle of mediocre  restaurants, wandered into Gonzalez Y Gonzalez.
Boo.
FOOD: Ordered 2 steak nachos, a plate of boneless/ skinless chicken and a bean and cheese burrito.
Steak Nachos were TEENY TINY!!!
We had literally 10 chips each with beans, cheese, 2 small strips of steak and a jalepeno pepper baked on top.
They were placed around in a circle - fancy like.
To their credit, the meat was very tasty but damn... come on... give me more than 10  chips for $12.
I was expecting a plate of nachos.
Plural.
Bean & Cheese burrito was also small.
Taco Bell makes bigger burritos.
No bullshit.
$5 for that.
The chips and salsa are endless.
Verde salsa was decent.
Wait, our chip basket had a handful of unbroken chips and then the rest of the basket was FULL of chip pieces.
WTF?
Whatever.
The waiter came by and asked, "Everthing ok?
Can I get you anything else?
"  We lol'd.
SERVICE: Slow.
TVs all showed the same lame golf channel.
PRICES: Fair.
For Vegas.
I guess.
$48 for 4 of us.
**soft drinks are not bottomless.
** **cocktails are weak**  2 Stars for the 20 nacho chips we had to share between us

Service- 1 star.
Food- 4 stars.
Drink prices- -5 stars!
We went here after seeing KA across the street and just wanted to get a beer and split some giant plate of nachos or something.
We were seated really quickly, but sat for at least 5 minutes, craving water, before our server wandered over.
I must pause here to just address something that drives me CRAZY- when restaurants do not post alcoholic beverage prices in their drink menu, (not the server's fault obviously).
Do you think by not posting them I will somehow forget that SKYY is more expensive than Taaka?
I know it might get people to buy a more expensive drink unknowingly, but we just wanted beer prices.
They had draft imports and domestics, and bottled imports and domestics.
When our server came by- we practically shouted "water!
" at him and then asked about beer prices.
Dear God- $5 for a domestic bottle- $7.5 for a draft.
I'm sorry- did we suddenly end up on some foreign planet where beer is equivalent to currency?
Have you forgotten that we are on a casino floor and that I could therefore go sit at a penny slot for five seconds and receive a free beer?
Obviously they can't compete with free, but since I can walk to the Coors factory from my front door, charging me $7.5 for sixteen ounces of it is one of the most absurd things I've ever heard of.
It's even cheaper at Red Rocks than here.
We order chicken nachos; another reviewer talked about their steak nachos, and our server did make sure to tell us that these are different things in that the steak nachos are individually made nachos- every one is uniform.
The ones we ordered were a huge pile with lots of toppings thrown around.
It had a ton of chicken, and was also slightly cheaper.
We had to wait at least another five minutes for water.
In fact we tried to get some from the bar.
when we finally got our water, we drank it and never got a refill.
Our food came and the incredibly kind and responsive food runner gave us a refill immediately, which isn't his job.
Finally our server gave us one more refill.
It took 10 minutes to get the check after we asked.
The food was really pretty good, but I could have probably walked the length of the strip in the time it took to get anything from our server.

Not good "Mexican" food at all.
You deserve better!
Servers were friendly but food left much to be desired.
Worst salsa ever.
Carrots and peas in the "Spanish" rice...really?
Burrito was bland and not Mexican!
I want to see its papers!
If you have a jones for Mexican in Vegas, wait til you get to California.
If you're looking for a good place to eat on the strip, find somewhere else!
While you're sitting on the patio or in the restaurant trying to eat your meal, you're reminded that NYNY built a rollercoaster through the hotel/food area.
So every 10 min a group of SCREAMING youngsters go by.
Happy digesting on that one.

A resturant in the same building as your hotel room.
Yes you just died and went to heaven.
I love Mexican food, and I was super excited to eat here.
The decor was nice, very mexican-ish.
The service was eh okay.
Not good-not bad kind.
I enjoyed the chips and salsa.
I order tacos, they were done pretty well.
I don't really have many complaints for a place I didn't have to really walk to.
I suggest you try them out.
Order a beer and some tacos and enjoy yourself, you won't be dissatisfied.

we've been here one other time about 3 plus years ago and decided to come again for lunch.
we were the first and only ones in at 11 am.
i really wish more restaurants would open earlier than 11 am because i like to eat early lunches.
chips and salsa were good.
its a roasted darker salsa which i enjoy.
i like this place because i like americanized mexican food in big portions and not pretentious or fancy and ridiculously expensive.
my enchiladas were filling and tasty, and my wifes tacos were good.
so to me it really hits the spot.
its reasonably priced, good service, and its in new york which is always enjoyable to go visit.

The starter they offer is fresh chips and salsa and it was AMAZING, I haven't had fresh salsa like that since I was in Texas!
I would definitely suggest you visit this restaurant if you're at the NY hotel, we got the enchiladas and they were the best I'd EVER had (better than when I was in Mexico)!
The menu has an excellent variety of Mexican food and the pricing is excellent for anyone on a budget.
The portions are also very well sized (enough to share and be full).
ABSOLUTELY A MUST WHILE YOU ARE IN LV!

We found ourselves here towards the end of an evening of mojitos, shooters and craps.
Having walked and monorailed from Mandalay Bay looking for inspiration, we allowed ourselves to be led here on the recommendation of the most inebriated member of our group, who also happened to be the most Vegas-savvy.
We lived to regret it.
The salsa that came with the complimentary chips was, I admit, very good.
So was the fresh guacamole.
Sadly, it was downhill from there on in.
The biggest complaint, from the whole group, was how salty all the food was.
My experience was of very ordinary diner food served with little real care.
The presentation was sloppy and some of the plates looked like they'd been sitting around for a while.
The next morning, when our friend surfaced, his only comment was 'How did we end up at Gonzalez y Gonzalez.
I hate that place.

Great food, whatever u desire out of a mexican resturaunt.

If you're coming here for a margarita, congratulations.
Spend the $15 and get the yard margarita on the rocks (name escapes me, evidence of a good night in January).
I don't know if it was because it was off season or the bartender was quitting or something, but he made our yard margaritas with GOOD tequila.
It wasn't just a dash, either.
He used one bottle to make both our drinks.
Yes, ladies and gents, I was walking around Vegas with half a bottle of tequila in January.
Happy times, happy times.
The guacamole was good, the chips were salty.
Just like a pre-tequila fest should be.
Don't remember the food too much...probably worth noting that it wasn't memorable.
Seriously.
Get that drink.
You won't need to order anything else during that night.
It's something magical.

I came to Vegas for a weekend trip, and I HAD to come back here because I've had some intense cravings for the salsa ever since I was here the last time in February.
It was like nothing had changed - still had the delicious mesquite salsa, still had the incredible service, and still had the large portions of flavorful food.
Now my craving has been satisfied and I got my friend hooked on this place as well; this place will always be on our itinerary when we come back to Vegas.

Walking around in NY NY came acrossed Gonzalez Y Gonzalez and we need desperately to relax our feet.
Menu is pretty basic they have all of the popular Mexican dishes, huge plus complementary chips and salsa!
2 thumbs up- seems that nothing is free in Vegas.

Like all the other reviews are saying, the chips and salsa were excellent.
Top that off with my mango daquiri and it could have been a great meal.
Note, could have been...
I ordered the steak tacos but little did I know that they were actually ground beef tacos.
Okay, I shamelessly love Taco Bell so it's unfair that I would rather have a Taco Bell taco but I think others would agree if they tried it.
It was so bland and blaah.
Pass.
There's also some major construction going on in NY NY right now that made it hard to even hear our conversations.
I guess it just made me think we really were in NYC.

We cruised in on Thursday night and it was empty...a running theme I have noticed on this trip.
We had a really nice waitress and that is why I'm giving this place three stars instead of two.
We ordered the Gonzalez combo platter which included nachos, chicken wings, chimis and shrimp ceviche with a bowl of chicken tortilla soup.
Everything was O.K.
nothing really too impressive.
Still the service was good and the restaurant itself is really cool with nice decor.
I would go here again and try some other menu items...but mainly you come to this place for it's ambiance and nothing more.

My best friend wanted to eat here when we were staying at the New York New York hotel.
She said she ate there before and really liked the food.
Since we rarely get to eat good mexican food, I was totally down.
Long story short - The food was okay (I had the steak fajitas) but there was one MAJOR problem.
Our waiter had a mad case of staring.
He kept looking at us from one table away.
It was so disturbing.
Actually there were three waiters just hanging out by the bar talking story and playing with each other while my waiter was staring at us like we were rock stars.
Then, in an effort to give tip I was supposed to get $6 back in change.
I asked him to give me dollar bills so that I could tip him what I wanted.
When he came back, he assumed he was going to get $5 before even giving me my change back and passed me a $1.
I was like, "no, no, no" can I please get my change and get a receipt?
He was looking at me really confused, and didn't want to give me my change.
Finally I got my stuff - I was upset and pissed off that the restaurant sucked.
Not to mention my best friend had soup that was filled with salt as well and she was upset too.
When we got up to the room, I looked at my receipt and saw that my waiter's name was "Jesus" - no way!

Yes, it's Tex-Mex.
No it won't be better than that time you had tacos made by your grandmother who only spoke Spanish on the side of the road in Guadalajara with fish she just grabbed out of the ocean.
What it will be is a totally above average casino meal with reasonable (for the Strip) prices, free chips/salsa and great service.
I sat at the bar and the bartenders were the nicest guys in the world...not too chatty, not too formal, just straight up friendly.
The salsa is nicely spicy, the food portions are big and it all comes out as described.
I'm sure if I paid twice as much I could have a better meal elsewhere, but that's hardly Gonzalez/Gonzalez's problem, right?
Note: This is around the corner from the casino floor, so if you're like me and don't like to see slot machines as you eat, this is one of your only options in NYNY.

MEdiocre at best.
Pork loin entree and guac was solid, not great, everything else was blah.
ambiance=lame.
Go to diablo's cantina, border grill, taqueria canonita, pink taco before you go here.
If Management cared, food would be better.

My group of friends and I went to this restaurant after casually walking around NY NY trying to decide where a good, casual place to eat would be.
Came across GyG and decided to give it a try.
Loved it!!
To start off, the chips and salsa, delish!
The salsa has some kind of bbq grilled taste to it.
We tried to figure out what made the salsa so unique, and we couldn't figure it out...we just know we all liked it.
All five of us ordered something different and each of us were very surprised.
We ordered steak nachos, pozole, shrimp ceviche, tortilla soup, and a chimichanga.
We all left very satisfied and had no complaints about the food.
I will definitely go back next time i'm in Vegas.

On our way out of Vegas we were both getting kinda hungry, so why not stop and eat Mexican food?
Each time i think about trying to eat Mexican food outside of San Diego i kinda question it.
No doubt SD has the best Mexican food on EARTH!
Then again this is Vegas so i wasn't too surprised when they got it right.
We walked right up and were seated right away.
The place was a little packed, the Packers vs. Bears!
a nice positive vibe in the place for sure.
It took a while for us to get our waters and to even be approached by our server but after that i think the service got a good grade.
I've had better, but then again the place was busy so I'm fair!
=)  For starters they offered up some fresh chips and Salsa, not bad.
The chips were warm not the best I've had but not the worst.
Huge plus was that they were free!
a fine example of what EVERY Mexican food spot should do!
I ordered up the chimichanga and taquitos.
The chimichanga was kinda bare on the outside, Vegas and all Mexican shops this is where you fail when it comes to SD.
The chicken on the inside though, FREAKING GOOD!!
The taquitos were pretty dang good as well.
The gf ordered the Chicken Tortilla soup and she said it was good as well.
The place is just a touch on the pricey side, but being in a major hotel and on the strip you cant really expect not to pay too much.

Not surprised at ALL that I ended up at a Mexican place for the second time before heading home from Vegas.
I do what I want!!
It was a Sunday and the football game was on, so it was pretty lively in there.
The service was a bit slow, but oh well.
Chips and salsa - for FREE - was a nice change from the other Mexican place we tried (Yolos @ Planet Hollywood), and the salsa had a nice smoky flavor to it.
My chicken tortilla soup was just how I like it - good amount of broth-to-food ratio and everything was super flavorful - I looooove my cilantro, that's for sure!
Chicken was nice and tender.
We also shared an appetizer of chicken taquitos, which also had a nice blast of flavor and topped with some deeeeeelicous cheese.
Good pick if you want something more on the casual side.

Good for Kids: Yes ?
That is so wrong.
The music was blaring so loud we had to leave for fear of damaging our child's hearing.
Food is overpriced and just plain.
I can get a better steak salad at El Pollo Loco.

If you think this place has good food, then you've never had real good Mexican food.
We ended up here because they were the only ones that were open.
The chips were so salty I might as well eat salt chips.
The Tacos al Carbon which they highly recommended tasted nothing like Tacos al Carbon, for some reason.
And we were hungry!
You usually have forgiving taste buds!
And then they played this really, really, really..really loud party music.
The last time I checked they were a restaurant and NOT a club to be playing music that loud.
Isn't that hazardous to your ears?
I just think this restaurant is bad news.

We ended up coming here pretty late on evening.
The service was fast so that was nice when you are hungry but they were not very busy so I don't know if this is normal service for them or not.
I had the chili rellenos, it was OK overall.
The rice was strange in my opinion as it had carrots it in.
It came with 2 stuffed peppers, I could only eat 1/2 of once since I had a stomach full of frozen drinks.
My husband had their version of a caesar salad and said it was just OK.  My mom had a chimichanga and said it was greasy.
The chips and salsa were good and tasted fresh.

This wasn't the worst place ever, but for the price I would never go back.
For a soda, and iced tea and 2 meals we spent $45!!!
I would totally pay about $7 for my Chimichanga...but not a penny more.
My husband and I both got chimichangas- his was chicken and I got ground beef.
There was flavor, but mostly of onion.
Our meals both came with some cold, bland spanish rice and refried beans.
We did get the free chips and salsa, but I've better of both in Denver.
I'm not sure why everyone is so impressed that they are free.
The waiter didn't even come back to see if our food was okay...instead he just stood around staring into space since we were his only table.
If you've have real Mexican food at any point in you're life don't waste your time or money at Gonzalez y Gonzalez.

Great food, great service.
Service was really fast.
Chips and salsa brought to the table right away.
Salsa was very good.
I had enchiladas and my husband had fish tacos.
Both were very tasty.
Our waiter was very nice.

Good place to pop in for a margarita and an appetizer.
Went there with my brother on our vegas trip to grab a giant margarita to begin our trek down the strip but decided to have some food before diving head first into a day of drinking.
Steak nachos were good and tasted really fresh.
Chips and salsa were free for the first and were above par imo.
Prices kinda sucked but its on the strip.
Margarita was nice and strong which had me surprised, because I was expecting it to be weak as hell.
Overall good place

Since I don't live in Vegas we really didn't know where to eat cause there are just 1 too many options for when 1 is hungry and dying so we decided to stop in here.
The service was good, the food was yummy, they're house salsa was delicious!
I had the Gaucho steak salad which was really good!
My only complaint would have to be that I liked the salad after I doctored it up with guacamole vs just the slices of avocado on top.
If I'm ever in Vegas again I wouldn't mind dropping in for a bite.

This place is delicious.
If your looking for a place in las vegas with excellent service.
yummy food, great decor and a decent place that doesnt charge a bundle.. this is the place.
came here with my husband and his brother Joe (who used to work here) and had a great time.
I ordered a combo meal that included a chile relleno, an enchilada, taco and rice and beans.
it was soo much food but i couldnt stop eating it.
i literally cleaned the plate.
everyone else at the table loved their food too.
to top things off we ended the meal with fried icecream that was the best.
it was huge and enough for everyone to eat at the table.
If your near new york new york or staying there dont miss this excellent mexican restaurant.

Yummmy yummmy!
my bf and I were tired from scrambling around different hotels for that night so we decided to eat at this little mexican place at NY before our show Zumanity started (which was like 10 steps away).
The salsa for the chips was SOOO GOOD (not watery and not too full of random crap) Anyways, He ordered tacos and I ordered the steak salad.
We were in Vegas for 5 days and the whole time we kept craving to go back.
My steak was so tender and the sauce over the lettuce had such a great taste to it.
Everything on the plate was delicious.
The onions, the tomatoes, the avocado.
BASED on what I was looking for it was perfect.
Not fatty with a lot of taste.
Not a day goes by, do I not think about Gonzalez y Gonzalez.
Mmmm

Mediocre food, at most.
The fish tacos were pretty lame; almost no flavor, but the rice was quite tasty.
Refried beans were nothing new, and the guacamole... come on, even I can make better guacamole!
My friend got the enchiladas, which she said were nothing short of mediocre.
Mediocrity seems to be the theme at this place, but at least the food came out amazingly fast.
The chips were not that tasty,  but the salsa was actually quite good.
Price, again, was moderate but considering the quality of food should be considered as expensive garbage as the food here isn't quite worth the price you pay for it.
Avoid if possible, it's Las Vegas... there are plenty more places that you should go to instead of here!

Possibly some of the best enchiladas I've ever had.
Too bad Cirque has a strict no food / no drink policy.
Damnit..
The sauce was just rich with flavor and the food was hot and fresh.
We just don't normally get that kind of Mexican food where I grew up.
Oh well.
Looks like we have to stop in again.

This is about 7 months overdue, but somehow I lost this review.
After my initial review, I was contacted by a manager, who apologized for my and my family's experience, and she told me to please let her know when we were in Vegas next, and she would make sure we had a better experience.
My parents ended up in Vegas a few months later with two friends, and since they were with me on our first visit, and they paid for it, I figured they should be able to enjoy the free visit.
They called and let the management know they were coming before a show, and were treated to a completely free meal, including drinks.
From all accounts, the meal they had was great.
The manager gave them what she considered her "best" server, who my parents agreed was attentive, charming and responsive.
My parents and their friends enjoyed an appetizer, entrees and plentiful drinks, and had no complaints.
My father even ordered a seafood dish and said it really surpassed his expectations.
If this had been the only time we'd been to this restaurant, it obviously would be a 5 star review.
However, it was pretty clear that the amazing service my family received was due to our previously bad experience, so I have to take that into account.
Also, although they were treated to their drinks, they retail price for margaritas was nearly $16 dollars each, which is a pretty pricey margarita.
They were pretty good, but definitely not the best we've had, and certainly not worth their normal price tag.
I'm not sure we would come back immediately, since our two experiences obviously differ wildly, but if we were coming for appetizers only, I might consider it again.
Their willingness to correct their mistakes, especially in a town where repeat customers are not always a realistic goal, make me more inclined to visit again in the future.

The food was very good, but the service was less than par!
I really think it was the server assigned to us because the other tables seem to be having prompt service.
Food was worth the money

Stopped by about 10pm on Saturday to grab a late dinner before heading out for the evening.
We were greeted and seated quickly, but the service kind of went down hill from there.
Our waitress didn't even  bother to make eye contact as she slid our chips and salsa onto the table and kept walking.
She came back and took our drink orders, still not even a "hello" or "how's it going?".
Anyhow, we place our drink/food orders and enjoyed the very tasty chips and salsa.
I ordered the Tacos Al Carbon, the chicken was very flavorful, the steak, not so much.
Everyone else seemed to enjoy their plates.
I had a margarita on the rocks ($9.51) yet couldn't even taste the tequila...bummer.
The rest of my party had only ordered sodas/water, none of them were offered refills.
Overall, the food was good.
The margarita was disappointing and the service left something to be desired.
This place serves the purpose of filling you up with some decent food at a reasonable price, but other than that, don't get your hopes up.

It's basically like Mexican fast food...but it tastes OK.
I had the chicken tamales and didn't like it (smelled more like tuna than steamed chicken), but the chips and salsa (I ordered a $5 guacamole side) were amazing!
The other order on my table was the chicken fajita burrito and that was better than the tamales..(he ate it all, so I assume it was good)...  All in all, an OK experience...

It's a tradition for us to stop here to pick up a large margarita for my girl.
We take it to go.
It's $20 bucks but it's well worth it.
Just so you know if you save the large container and return, the refills are $14.

Food tasted like if it had been reheated in the microwave.
The only good thing about this place were the chips and salsa.
Food didn't have much taste, but did make me feel sick later in the evening (perhaps because it's not fresh).
I know Mexican food isn't the easiest to digest, but my stomach should be able to handle it since I've been eating it since I was born!
This is definitely a no go for me.

Definitely a fan of this place.
Wish there were 4 1/2 stars.
We had my best friend's bachelorette party dinner here (NYNY seems to have a lot more options in terms of restaurants than MGM!
), and it was a great choice.
It's a lively atmosphere, and it's so affordable for Vegas!
All of us ordered full on meals and margaritas, and after splitting the price, it was only about $30 a person!
And the food is gooooooooood.
I don't know what it is about their salsa, but it is DELICIOUS.
I filled up on chips and salsa and I was full by the time our meals came.
The service is fast and friendly.
I will definitely visit here again next time I'm in the NYNY/MGM area.

Positives: The service was attentive  Margaritas were reasonable for a pretty touristy place Prices were reasonable for a Vegas strip restaurant Fresh guacamole is made at the table for you and it was tasty  Negatives: Still messed up one of the dishes (no cheese requested - dish came covered with melted cheese) Why do restaurants not put prices for the drinks on the menu - very annoying Overall food quality is just ok - about the level of Mexican chain restaurants like Chevy's  Summary: Vegas strip doesn't have many choices for Mexican.
It works if you are craving some, but it's disappointing when you consider the sheer number of quality restaurants in the hotels.

I stopped in here with my boyfriend early in the day before we took off to head back home to California.
I can eat Mexican food for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
It wasn't too crowded in here since it was before noon and the service was quite friendly.
They have crunchy chips and flavorful salsa - good way to start a Mexican meal.
The food was not top-notch nor was it poor.
It was just...good.
Being from So-Cal, I didn't expect anything out would this world.
It was fatty, greasy, delicious, and it hit the spot for a long drive home.
A-okay by me.

A staple in all of our vegas trips.
Things we like:  -Salsa is amazing.
AMAZING.
-Good priced drinks -the strawberry daiquiri was AWESOME.
-Great waiters, quick service.
-Prices for being "in vegas" are SUPER reasonable!
-Atmosphere -fun lights, you can hear the hustle and bustle  -Never super busy!
The beans are not my favorite from a Mexican Restaurant, but I'll get over it because the combo's are priced GREAT and I love the Chicken Tamales!
YUMMMMM.
Husband had a shredded beef burrito and he said the beef was great!
If you are craving mexican, like we always are, this is a GREAT stop!

We were staying in the New York-New York Hotel, so this restaurant was right below us.
This was actually the first place we ate at on our trip to Las Vegas.
The serivce here was beyond what I expected.
There was a Raider/Saints preseason game on TV, and we my chick and I sat at the bar.
Wanted to sit down, have a beer, watch the game and relax.
Especially after the 3 and a half hour drive over here.
The bartender who took our orders, I think her name was Heather, she was a real Cool chick.
She was from Denver and told us how much of a Broncos fan she was.
I Love It when a chick knows her shit about football!
Actually kind of a turn-on.......  Any-who, LOL.
I ordered a Negro Modelo, and my chick had a Mango Margarita.
They use Patron Silver, which gained some points from me.
Bartender actually gave us an extra one for free.
Which I gladly drank.
Our appetizer we shared a chicken tortilla soup, its been a while since I had a bowl of this stuff, and I was shocked on how tasty this soup was, We both agreed that this soup was very flavorful.
Highly recommed this soup if your looking for a lil snack.
For our entrees, I ordered the Barbacoa Chimichanga.
Very good flavor, meat was perfect, came with rice & beans and some guacamole.
My chick had the three tacos, two beef & one chicken.
Nothing amazing about them from what she said.
Nothing negative to say about this place.
Food was good, not too expensive (Mexican Food should never be expensive), the people passing by streets that look like New York is Awesome, but the thing that impressed me the most by this place was the service.
Of course the bartender was cool, but everyone else that worked there was just as cool & hard working.
The gentleman who brought us our food was polite and you can tell this guy works his ass off for this place.
From asking for more limes for our margarita to the sour cream for my Chimi, this places service was what I'll remember from here at New York-New York.

Very average Americanized Mexican joint.
Chips and salsa are excellent (salsa is very fresh) but food is on the bland side.
Service is as terrible as others have said.
I went with a group of 8 on a Saturday night and most were satisfied but 2 hated the place, mostly because their food was cold.
I got chicken fajitas and they were ok, comparable to a chilis or 99 restaurant unfortunately.
Salsa alone would bring me back though

Gosh, I love Mexican.
Fish tacos are quite possibly my favorite food of life so when I saw grilled fish tacos on Gonzalez y Gonzalez's menu, I had no doubt that's what I was going to order.
We popped in before heading to the Jimmy Buffett concert at the MGM so we were on a margarita-drinking roll when we stopped by.
The food was good, but it was pretty standard Mexican (not that that's a bad thing); not particularly creative but nevertheless a good, decently-priced fish taco with good service.
Since we were heading to the concert, we opted for their oversized margarita (the 48oz.
behemoth) for the road.
For $20, it's hard to beat considering we were paying $8-10 a pop for margaritas elsewhere.
All around, good Mexican and perfect for a casual bite.

Not sure why we ate here but we were at NYNY because our girls wanted to ride the roller coaster.
In any case, we decided on Mexican and boy was that a mistake.
I ordered the fish tacos and the fish was really quite fowl tasting ~ not fresh at all.
Okay, so I moved onto the refried beans and rice ~ simply the worst ever ~ how hard is it to make rice and beans anyway???
The waitress noticed that I hardly touched my food and asked if she could bring me anything else.
I deferred given that they could not make decent rice & beans.
To top it off, I had to argue with both the waitress and manager to have the  meal removed from the bill....
Enough said.

ok..i dont know if this is "real mexican food" but it was damn good haha.
i shared the wings.. and had a chili rellano.
(spelling i know) but it was really good and the prices were good, the people were nice and .. ill go back sure!

Awesome experience from the mango and regular margaritas, the chips and salsa, table side made guac and crispy tacos!
I had the 3 taco lunch special, 2 chicken and 1 shredded beef.
The chicken was really tasty but after trying the shredded beef I was so mad that I didn't get all three beef!
LOL.
Yes, the rice is not the best I've ever had but I quickly looked past that in comparison to the rest of my lunch.
The guac was super fresh and perfectly made as was the salsa.
My travel companion had the chicken enchiladas and loved them as well.
I felt since we were in Vegas, we had to try other places to eat but honestly, I would have been fine eating there every day!
Will surely come back and eat there next time I'm in Vegas.

It's pretty much mediocre mexican food.
I will return because A.
Their salsa is the best mild salsa I've ever had.
Their service is always pretty good.
So for me it's just salsa and appetizers cause their food is so so.

My husband and I stayed at New York New York and I had a craving for Mexican Food so this is the first place we ate at in Vegas.
I ordered the carnitas tacos and he had enchiladas.
I for one loved the food.
My tacos were served with big portions of salsa, guacamole, and sour cream on the side for me to put on my tacos.
The rice and beans were good too.
My husband said he also enjoyed his enchiladas.
The prices were comparable to portions that you get which was also nice to find in Vegas.
Our waiter was also attentive and checked on us often throughout the meal.
Then something happened, he just brought us the check without offering dessert which we wanted and we had to let him know.
He seemed annoyed by that for some reason.
For dessert I ordered flan any my husband ordered the fried icecream and we both really enjoyed the dessert.
The flan was made from scratch instead of coming from a box which you do get in alot of Mexican restaurants.
I love flan and I consider myself somewhat of an expert.
LOL.
Then our waiter disappears and we end up waiting forever for the check which is one of my pet peeves when I go to restaurant.
He was so quick to bring it before no he is nowhere to be found.
Then he finally brings us the check some 15minutes later and we stick our card in there and then again he pulls his disappearing act.
It was at least another 15 minutes that went by making paying for our a meal a 30 minute ordeal, then he reappears again and he is socializing with his co-workers instead of collecting the check.
The quickest way to piss me off in a hurry is to keep to me waiting too long for something that should not take long in the first place.
Our food was settled and we were hungry by the time he decided to grace us with his presence.
I was amazed at how quick he changed after the dessert incident.
He went from being a great server to being a real jerk and for that I deduct two stars.
This could have easily been a 5 star experience had our waiter not been bi-polar.
I still recommend the place for their food but maybe you should make sure they know you want dessert in advance.

I will never go back, we had horrible service.......until the manager started walking around.
They did not bring out the right food for my friend.
Then to top it off I ended up getting sick from the food that I ordered.
Also expect to pay a good bit for your "experience" there.

Ordered Burrito Gonzalez with barbacoa (beef) and it was so good.
Comes with rice, beans, and guacamole.
Burrito was covered in enchilada sauce and cheese.
In the burrito was just the meat.
Everything was seasoned just right.
My 3 year old ordered chicken strips which was way too breaded and hard.
If im ever in the nyny, i will eat here again.
but i wouldnt go out of my way to eat here.

Free chips and salsa with my buy one get one free happy hour margaritas?
Don't mind if I do!

This is where the fiance and I decided to have our Christmas lunch :)  Our waiter was terrific!
He gave us recommendations on what was good and checked up on us a reasonable amount of times.
It starts off with their house salsa and chips.
It's kinda salty but I'm a salt lover so it was awesome to me.
We ordered the honey chipotle chicken wings and a crispy shrimp something (so sorrry...
I forgot the name).
Both were appetizers and both were deliciouso.
:)  We shared a meal.
It was the Avocado Skillet ribeye.
We had it made medium well and again it was very delicious.
This place is located in New York New York Hotel.
Place is nice and well kempt and our waiter took a picture for us...twice.
Nice vibes and the price was reasonable.
Food portions are perfect.

Margaritas great especially at happy hour.
Fish tacos good.
Chips and salsa were plenty and delicious.
Chicken tamales were mostly chicken, but good sauce.
Would recommend this place for Mexican meal and it is inside New York,New York!

I had barbocoa (sp?
) enchiladas & my husband had pork carnitas.
Both meals were excellent!!
The meats were fresh and homemade.
The guacamole was excellent, fresh!
chips & salsa..amazing.
We both had the Ultimate margarita which was fabulous until we found out they were $15 each!
All in all....we will definitely go back next time we're in Vegas.
Oh...the service?
was amazing!!

Service was awful!
Our waitress was unable to effectively communicate or respond to questions.
When I ordered a MARGARITA at a Mexican restaurant I was told it wasn't an option.
The bartender explained they were out of a kind of tequila, but he would sub it for any kind of tequila I wanted; when I asked the waitress for this she refused again.
The food was by far the worst I had during my weekend in Vegas.
My quesadilla was soggy and greasy.
There are so many great places to eat in this area, so skip this one and head to the next.

This is the place we always make sure we get to first when visiting Vegas.
The shrimp fajitas and steak are so yummy.
And I love the super tall margaritas.
The food here is even tastier then some of the fancy restaurants we've been to.
The service is always friendly and great.

Love this place!
I've stopped here the last three times in Vegas.
The food is pretty good but I come here for the margaritas!
Patron Silver Chambord Margarita!
All of a sudden I am thirsty...

Chips & salsa are the best.
No matter what time we are there, we always get in and get our food quickly.
Food is a lot better that a lot of "Mexican" restaurants in California.
We always eat here when in Vegas.
Don't miss this gem inside NYNY.

Surprisingly good chile relleno and chicken fajitas.
The chili relleno is not too eggy or greasy, the chile is not over cooked to mush.
The chips and salsa are also good as are the rice and beans.
They were nice about making one of their specialty drinks with rum instead of tequila for my wife since tequila is not her friend.

Ehhhh!
Very average .

Ok people, you want a real review from a real mexican from southern cali?
Here's the scoop....... this is very very mediocre mexican food!!!
I'm giving it 2 stars only because it was ok & not disgusting.
I was there a couple wks ago for the 1st time & was dissapointed :-( I had cheese enchiladas wth rice & beans.
Let's start wth the enchiladas, the sauce was ok, I think they use las palmas canned salsa, which is definitely not 5 stars.
The rice seemed to come from a pouch that reads "spanish rice" and the beans were merely edible.
I don't c the hype about this place at all.
Also, the service sucks!!!
I wanted to sit wth my frnds at a little side table next to the restaurant so the hostess told me to order my food to go frm the bar.
I walked over & waited while the bar waitress chit chatted wth a couple of guys.
The heffer completely ignored me 4 a few mins till I waved at her.
She clearly saw me but didn't want to be bothered while she flirted wth the guys.
Anyway, its way overpriced (mine was compd wth my mlife points luckily), food sucks & the portions are actually small.
Don't eat here!
Instead go to a buffet, they have better mexican food there & u get what u pay for.

It's really hard to explain but the reason why they deserve 1 star is thanks to Joe,a worker there that worked on March 31,2012 the night shift hmm around 11:30 pm...He was very rude.If it wasnt because we were celebrating my sisters birthday and this is where she had choosen to spend it ...I would have left.Thts how bad it was Of course my sister was not there when all happen.The music was very good and i enjoyed it.The bartender was nice and pleasant and the drinks were yummy.If i ever go to Vegas thks to him i will not stop by there.He was Very unprofessional and rude.I cannot comment on the food because i did not eat there.Me and a party of 11 people went there for drinks and music.

I really should have rated this place a 3, but considering we came here after having a horrible time at Vanity, it was such a relief!
Good latin music, the vibe was nice.
The margaritas were good and it had the girls dancing.
What more can you ask for?
I didn't try the food but the drinks were good.

Bleh...seriously that's all I want to say but I won't.
Food was terrible.
Ordered chicken tacos and the chicken tasted FUNNNKKKYY...
I don't know what was up with that.
Drinks were pretty yummy and I thought this could be dangerous!
:)  Came here late Saturday night and they turn the inside into a club (maybe 3 people were in there) and it's all Latin Music BLARING!!
Super annoying and the DJ sucked.
If they turned it down a little bit, we would be able to talk to each other and I honestly wouldn't have minded the music that much.
It doesn't need to be that loud unless your in an actual club.
Probably won't be back.

Pretty good food.
Had a good time there.
There was good music playing.
my wife and i danced a little before we left.
Service was the only thing kinda lacking but it could of been just our waiter.
There wasn't a lot of people there and service was a tad slow.
But over all a good experience at NY NY hotel and casino.

After getting several refills on our yard margarita, my boyfriend and I decided to have dinner here one evening while on our Vegas vacation.
Let me first start with the margaritas... you get a full pitcher of your choice of margarita in a colored yard glass (plastic) which is easy, and fun, to carry around the Strip.
We kept returning with our glass to get discounted refills.
It was pretty awesome.
The downside is they won't mix flavors for you.
Also, after the 3rd one you start to crave other booze.
Now for dinner: Our waiter was very efficient.
The chips and yummy salsa arrived on our table immediately after being seated.
I ordered the Baracoa beef enchiladas - they were AMAZING!
I got 3 enchiladas and a side of rice and beans.
It was a lot of food, I was unable to finish my meal.
The prices are comparable with other Mexican restaurants I have been to in Wisconsin.
I loved how this resturant had a private feel, even though it was inside New York New York.
I would recommend stopping here if you are wandering around the strip and get a craving for Mexcian food :)

Wow - for a relatively inauthentic-looking Mexican place inside NY NY I was pretty impressed with Gonzalez Y Gonzalez.
We sat at the bar and I ordered a very berry margarita and it was KILLER.
I couldn't finish it all and the bartender gladly gave me a to-go cup.
Started with some chips and salsa - the chips weren't hot but the salsa was perfect - just the right amount of spice.
My cousin got the chicken nachos - meh - they were all right, but what really impressed me was the drunken chicken.
It was a dinner special that day and it consisted of grilled chicken chunks, grilled veggies and a side of cornbread chorizo stuffing.
My mouth was uber-happy (and as many of you may know, Mexican isn't even in my top 5 favorites.
)  For Vegas it was pretty reasonable too - huge marg, couple beers, two entrees and it was around $40.
Better-than-decent service and food - I'd definitely recommend.

Food was OK - and the best thing we ate was the guacamole made table-side.
My wife compared her tamales to those from a jar, and my chili rellenos was average.
The draft Negra Modello was tasty, but the margarita was nothing special.
The Flan was good - but a great deal larger than our server indicated, so we could've shared one and been happy.
Being close to the Zumanity theater was our primary reason for stopping here - and in a pinch we'd stop again.

this place is GREAT!
Came on a Friday night on my last trip to Vegas and I loved it!
We had a late dinner at midnight and the service was great, friendly and attentive.
I had the carnitas plate, which was very delicious.
After dinner we went to the club they had inside.
Not only was there no cover for everyone all night(!
), They were also playing latin music.
Cumbias, merengue, etc.
Just how I like my clubs!
I didn't drink much that night (I know, it's Vegas, I was lame...) but I'm sure the drinks are just as good.
Will DEFINITELY come back for dinner and dancing next time!

Their margaritas are sinful..I tried the berry flavor and it was greeeeeeeeat..Their gaucamole somehow lacked flavor but the salsa kinda made up for it.I ordered the sizzling fajitas and they were absolutely delicious..Give this place a try..!

Very good chips and salsa.
Los...if you read this your table side guacamole is the bomb!
Try the Cadillac margarita on the rocks.
And ask for the server named Los.
Los!....We asked for you Sunday Aug 19....you were not there...so then we just asked for a booth.
Mimi was a very good server, but we missed your excellent service and sense of humor.

It was in our hotel so it was easy to get to.
But this place lacked in anything original.
It was just "fine".
Chips and salsa...fine Enchiladas....fine Margarita.....meh....
So, it was affordable, it was close to 'home', but it was not fantastic and not someplace I would seek out specifically in Vegas.

Very bland food.
Not one thing came to my table spicy enough.
Drinks were ok, Pablo kept my cup full.
Environment was Alrite.
Overall I give this place a D.

Only gets one star because of the chips & salsa and the margaritas.

Surprise!
i loved this place.
Great chips, good drinks, music, dancing, the works.
The food was great.
the staff superb.
Wish I found it earlier.

Save your money.....
Fake Mexican food here

Not sure how the food is here.
It could be wonderful, but we left due to a shocking lack of gluten-free items on the menu.
We were told that only the steak tacos and a few salads were safe due to the marinades they used.
There are a lot of us out here with food allergies...time to step up the game!

On a Friday night, there was only one host working.
It's Friday night in Vegas in the summer, it's probably going to be a bit on the busy side.
At least one more host would have been better service so you have one to greet and one to seat.
After being seated, it took a while to get greeted.
Eventually our server greeted us and took our drink order.
Since we had been sitting a while, we knew what we wanted to eat but he did not give us a chance to order all at once.
I hate when that happens.
It's busy, I get that but at least look at me while you are taking my order.
The food was good.
I had a tamale and enchilada combination.
The portions were good except I would like to have had a slightly larger portion of rice.
The lower rating is in response to the lack luster service not the food.
I would return for the food.

Great place for a quick bite, and a few drinks before heading over to .... "Hey, where are we going?
"  We had these jalapeno poppers with shrimp, and mini chimichangas (I think that's what they were ~ in the appetizer section) and they were SO GOOD!
The girls ordered some tacos, and the food was so good -- it was the first time we were quiet in 4 days.
Good times, we were pleasantly surprised with the food, drinks and service!
We also enjoy to rubberneck, so we sat *outside* at the little pull up bar instead of inside the restaurant.

We took tequila shots and had few drinks and finished by sharing two different nachos on the menu and was plenty!
The entree nachos were amazing and were individual chips piled with lots chicken cheese and guac, my favorite.
The nachos on the appetizer menu were just a pile of nachos with TONS of toppings, we actually had toppings left over with no chips to put them on!

Huge portions and the prices are reasonable for a restaurant on the strip.
Very attentive staff to make sure your dining experience is great.
Try the burrito, carne asada fajita or the fish taco.

The girl who sat us wasn't too friendly she tried to sit us on the patio area without even asking, the Steeler game was on which is the only reason we picked this place (TV's, and Margaritas) and she acted like it was a sin to sit us in eye shot of a television smh...the hostess is the first contact a patron has if she's rude that kinda sux   The food was okay for hotel mexican food  Sampler platter, nachos (eeeh), chimi's (good), guac (yum), wings (blah), ceviche (worst I've ever had, sweet, kinda tasted like they put Italian dressing on it, very curious dish) Americanized beef taco, rice n beans were cool, el pollo loco's seasonal tamales are better, beef and cheese enchiladas were okay.
The chips n salsa, iced tea, and Cadillac margaritas were all very good, the bar service for our drinks was kinda slow ... but our server CHRIS was awesome all the way just super attentive sweet and patient... he went above and beyond for our party.
Also i'd like to note we wen't against our servers suggestion of the fajitas or the tacos el carbon and went with something else so thats our fault (always listen to the server)  This place was okay i probably wouldn't come back there are so many good places in New York New York hotel let alone Vegas but i don't regret trying Gonzalez Y Gonzalez either

Good place for lunch

I ordered the chicken fajitas and posole soup.
The fajitas were standard.
They did what they needed to do.
But the posole was delish!
A bit more homony than I would've wanted but it reminded me of the homemade bowl an old coworker used to bring me.
I was shocked they had it on the menu because I've never seen it in restaurants.
And the bowl was HUGE.
Worth the price.
The service was mehhh.
The guy who brought out our food ASKED ME if I wanted an extra plate for my fajitas and I said sure.
After 5 minutes of waiting I ended up using the plate my bowl of posole was sitting on.
And in conclusion that foo never came back with the plate anyway.
I mean you did ask me not the other way around sir.....

We just went there for drinks with friends, we were bar hopping at New York New York casino and hotel, this place looked good to have some margaritas, yes friendly bartenders made very tasty and strong ones.
They were great with complimentary chips and salsa!

ate here before seeing a show at NY NY.
Made a reservation, but did not even really need it on a Saturday night.
Service was friendly and quick.
Food was great as well.
I had a shrimp quesadilla.
Chips and salsa were super yummy.
Highly recommend for a casual meal if in NY NY.

LOS!
!...12-1-12...missed you again...guess you have the weekend off.
Dinner is not as good when you are not serving.
See you on our next visit.
Oddity:  I stopped by to ask if you were working and the hostess told me she would not answer that question.
I restated my question and she told me she could not share that information with strangers.
What????
This is very strange...and she was not kidding and never once showed any sort of smile.
I asked if anybody would answer this question;  she stated I could ask the manager.
I believe I then spoke to Mary;  she was delightful.

Guacamole made fresh, in front of you, was superb.
My friends said the fish tacos were great and my fajitas were pretty good as well.

Ate here for lunch on a weekday with my wife.
It was good.
Very good prices.
Free chips and salsa.
The salsa had a unique taste, but I really liked it.
We both ordered the chicken burrito off of the lunch menu.
Great portion size.
I really liked it, but my wife didn't like the sauce that was on the burrito.
I agree the sauce could have been better, but it wasn't bad.
I had no problems cleaning my plate.
The service was a little slow however.
It seemed like there was only one waitress working the tables that day.

Rimelig meksikansk mltid med god smak.
Ikke noe fancy.
Gode drinker.
Minus for mye sty og mange tver med sport.

This place is excellent.
I ordered an appetizer of chips and salsa.
The chips are just chips, but the green salsa was so good.
And they bring it in this huge basket.
Way too much for a single person to finish.
I then ordered fish tacos.
They bring you three of them, with rice and beans.
On the tacos are cabbage and avocado.
Nothing better than avocado on fish tacos!
Excellent, excellent!!
They did not overwhelm the tacos with too much salsa.
The rice: moist and delicious.
The beans were covered with a nice, thin layer of cheese and very good also.
Service was prompt and friendly.
I had a great meal here and will definitely be going back.

While in Las Vegas this past weekend, my girlfriend and I decided we wanted a Mexican dinner one night, but didn't want to venture off The Strip, as we were walking from resort to resort for the night.
Gonzalez Y Gonzalez came up with high marks on Yelp, so we decided to give it a go, since New York New York was a central location for us.
Entering from the doors nearest the Brooklyn Bridge, the restaurant was very easy to find fairly close to where we came in.
The hostess was very friendly and we were seated immediately, even though it was a Saturday night.
The restaurant is fairly noisy, but not so much that you're annoyed.
It's not quiet and intimate, but it's not loud and douchey like a sports bar can be.
It appears that there are no booths, only tables.
However, the tables are far enough apart that you don't feel as though you're dining with a family of 60 when there.
Chips and salsa are not complimentary - we asked only after they weren't brought to us.
They are VERY tasty however, so I recommend the $3 or whatever to get them; the serving is generous, and the salsa fire-roasted goodness.
I ordered the Arrachera, which is the restaurant's version of a carne asada platter.
Holy crap, was it AMAZING!
SO flavorful, and so perfectly cooked!
My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
It comes with a small cup of "drunken beans" which I totally suggest dipping the meat into before each bite - jackpot in your mouth!
I ordered an El Coco Loco margarita, and let me tell you - it was a religious experience, as if the food wasn't good enough.
The ingredients are Malibu, tequila, pina colada mix, and sweet & sour mix, blended.
I'm not kidding when I say it tasted almost exactly like Smarties Candy.
Unreal, and so damned good!
Our waiter and one other guy that served us were not terribly friendly; normally, I would have dinged a star for that, but the food is SO good that it made up for not becoming BFFs with the wait staff.
The guys should have been more personable, and I hope they aren't indicative of the rest of the staff's attitude at Gonzalez Y Gonzalez.
This is our new go-to Mexican place on The Strip, and I cannot wait to hit it again the next time we're in town!
I'd highly recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone looking for amazing, affordable Mexican food in Vegas!

An excellent Mexican restaurant in Vegas.
My wife and I weren't actually expecting much given that it's in a casino / hotel but we were very pleasantly surprised to find out the food, service and prices were excellent.
Quite authentic Mexican cuisine and service was very personal and attentive.
Probably the least expensive sit down restaurant in this hotel.
Overall, a great value, decent atmosphere, and food and service that we're be sure to come back for when in town again.

Pretty much like Chevys or El Torito but in New York, New York.
I didn't like their sangria it tasted just like pure juice.
The chips and salsa was pretty good...but how can you mess that up?
Chicken tacos were okay, rice was fine as well.
Overall, the service was okay.
Weird when everyone's plates were steaming hot except one of ours in our group.
Honestly, I didn't choose this restaurant for dinner but I wouldn't go back again.
Would rather eat in Earl's of Sandwich or Wicked Spoon.

Everytime we stay at New York, New York we eat at this restaurant.
The staff is friendly and the food is delicious.
We love the table side guacamole and Patron margaritas.
Highly recommend going to this restaurant.
We were at the restaurant for Super Bowl and Mary took wonderful care of is.
We had a great time!

We recently were in Las Vegas for a dance compeition and had our team dinner at   Gonzalez Y Gonzalez.
They did a remarkable job!
They were able to seat about 70 of us together in the same part of the restaurant and get us in and out as if we were a family of 4.
The staff was super friendly and accomodating.
The chip basket was never empty and our drinks were always filled.
The food is super reasonable too and best of all - yummy!
I will definitely be back!

While staying in this hotel, we tried many of the restaurants here.
I love mexican food so I was very excited to eat here.
Reme was our server, he was very friendly and personable, the salsa and chips good, I like a bit more spicey-ness so I added habanero for a kick, and it made the salsa perfect!
I ordered a taco with ground beef and when they brought me one with steak in it, they were very willing to bring back what I ordered made the right way, and they were very quick about it.
Very reasonably priced for the strip, and I would come here again.

The wings are the best here!
A good combination of spicy and sweet.
Everything is pretty good.
Semi overpriced but good really affordable lunch specials, only offered during the week, so I was lucky to eat there on a friday.
I would wait to purchase any margaritas outside of this restaurant.
You can go upstairs in NYNY and get a cheaper Margarita at the bar outside of Coyote Ugly.

Needing a place to eat inside New York, New York this seemed like an appropriate choice that could satisfy the tastes and budgets of the group.
It did turn out to be a very expensive meal anyhow but I will admit that is mostly due to our need to buy many delicious margaritas and someone else's need to get souvenir cups.
Be forewarned though my most delicious margarita was 16$ and so tasty I had to have two.
It did come with a very unique lemon lime salt on the rim that kept me perplexed the entire time.
My server was also kind enough to bring us to go cups when we were finished eating and not quite finished our drinks which is something I truly love about Vegas.
Everyone seemed pretty happy with their meals, but disappointed that this place charged extra for chips and salsa causing us to go without.
I had the tableside guacamole as an appetizer which was pretty big and I was unable to finish it.
It was reasonable at 9$ and made the same as at other similar places which offer this, consisted of 1 and a half avocados, cilantro, jalepenos, lime, etc.
and a huge basket of chips.
Others seemed happy sharing a meal of fajitas and were delighted to be given extra tortillas.
Service was okay, but did seem like we ended up spending a lot of time here.
My favorite part is being able to look through the "windows" and see the New York decor on the "buildings" nearby.

So I was craving some Mexican food while in Vegas and looked for somewhere that was nearby that had great reviews ...
I found Gonzalez Y Gonzalez.
Imagine my surprise though when I discovered that this place is in the New York New York hotel.
"Isn't hotel food usually sub par?
", I thought to myself.
"Hmm, let's find out!
"  Yes ..
I have conversations with myself ... any who ...
So we were seated and the waiter came out immediately.
The down side, you have to pay for chips and salsa here, it's not free like back home.
Ok, no problem.
The salsa was VERY good so I was glad that we ordered it and the chips.
I ordered the grilled fish tacos and a skinny margarita ... OMG the fish tacos were probably the best I have EVER had!!
The skinny rita was good, too, and I again was pleasantly surprised that it actually gave me a buzz because they usually do not at other places.
My daughter had the margarita with red bull it in ... meh, tasted like red bull, which is fine for staying up and being buzzed, but not sure about having it with a margarita.
LOL.
Overall, good food, good service, and easy access to my hotel!
If ever in Vegas again, which I will be next year, I'll definitely stop in!

Gonzalez Y Gonzalez does not offer authentic Mexican food by any stretch of the imagination: the tacos are served on hard shells, they do not stock lime juice for margaritas, and the flour tortillas that came with my fajitas were chewy.
The salsa was tasty enough, chunky and underwritten by a smoky chipotle flavor, but the chips were too thick for my taste.
I ordered the vegetable fajitas, and the mixed vegetables were a mixture of excellent and undercooked.
The standard cherry tomatoes, onions, peppers, mushrooms, and zucchini were superbly cooked, but the dish also contained some hard, chewy greens that offset that pleasantness.
The flour tortillas on the side were not edible..
I believe they did not steam them, so they were sort of... tough.
And thick.
As for the sides, you get your standard rice and beans.
I opted for the cilantro rice and refried beans (topped with cheddar cheese, do not expect cojita) which were fine enough.
The service was friendly, and the food arrived promptly.
The bottom line: If you're in a pinch, it's better than opting for the food court and probably wont cost you much more.
Go elsewhere if you're looking to eat well, because this place seems to be fairly hit-or-miss in terms of quality.

After walking back and forth the strip, I was hungry.
I only had a 730am breakfast burrito from the OAK airport all day.
By 930pm, I was ready to bite someone's arm.
LOL Anyways, I ordered their Chicken Tortilla Soup, a Large Strawberry Margarita and Shredded Beef Enchiladas.
I didn't know their soup was in a huge bowl.
It was a meal by itself already.
So, I only ate one of the enchiladas and boxed the rest to go.
The food was good.
The place was noisy and crowded.
Service was friendly and attentive.
Chips weren't free!
Boo!
I guess there's nothing free in Vegas.
Go to the Bay Area and there are tons of free chips.
Overall, it was fun.
Would I go back?
Probably, after I tried the other restaurants around it.

This food is NOT good.
My wife and I have tried it twice and it is sub-standard and overall poor.
I am giving it an extra star because the atmosphere is very cool.
I would advise walking down the street and going to Diablos!

Overall experience was not good.
The guacamole had too much lime.
They charge u for everything including salsa and for chips also.
The waiter we had was not friendly.
The tortilla soup was bland and served cold.
The food was lukewarm when it arrived.
Fish tacos were not tasty at all.
I would suggest to just past this place by when your walking thru New York New York!

This restaurant is located in New York, New York.
Very good food, comfortable seating, no wait for a table at 1PM on a Sunday afternoon.
The server was friendly but took forever to take our order and bring us the check.
Chips/salsa are not served immediately when you sit down, maybe you have to ask for them and they are an additional charge.
We ordered the fajitas, which were super good but only came with three small tortillas.
We had to ask for more tortillas and then the server brought out 3-4 more small flour tortillas.
The fajitas were plenty for 2 people to share.
I had a fun time, enjoyed the food, and would return if I was in the area again.

I can only give this place 3.5 stars cause I didn't order any food and that's my bad.
I was looking for quick drink nearby the Zumanity theater and this place had a walk up bar...perfect.
I ordered couple of Margaritas...Ultimate and couldn't believe they were only 9 bucks a piece.
Of course I assumed that it will be watered down but no.
I watched the bartender pour a good amount of tequila in both of my drinks and they were pretty potent.
Needless to say I felt very tipsy but sexy and ready to experience Zumanity :)  I have to try the food next time but the a couple beside me ordered some chips and guac and looked damn good!

This review is long over due, but better late than never.
I just wanted to give a giant THANK YOU to Mary the G.M.
at Gonzalez.
On Saturday, April 27, 2013 she and all over her staff front and back were absolutely amazing and worked with us immensely on short short notice.
The back story:  We had just finished up with a wedding and the Bride (my cousin) decided she wanted the entire bridal party and all the guests to meet at Gonzalez's in New York New York for a celebratory dinner.
Mind you this was NOT preplanned so we did not have a reservation and had a party over 20+ headed that way.
My girlfriend and I were one of the first ones there and took it upon ourselves to get a reservation in.
We were extremely worried with the amount of people expected that we would not be able to all be seated at one time.
The hostess was unable to book a reservation of that size on short notice without the G.M's approval...so we spoke with Mary.
Mary was amazing (I couldn't say it enough).
She and her staff cleared out the left side of the restaurant as the guests left and "reserved" the tables for our party.
They were able to pull a table together for the entire party and saved some seats along the outside of the table for any stragglers.
They we're more than accommodating with our needs and even with a party of our size the service was great.
Each person we encountered was happy and smiled and was willing to help service our needs.
The food was prompt (a little slower than normal, but nothing outrageous taking in our groups size and short notice).
Needless to say the Bride and Groom and everyone who came were extremely please with the attention Gonzalez's staff gave all of us, the food, and the experience in general.
Next time I'm in Vegas I will make it a point to stop back in and have another Beer-A-Rida (or three) and the yummy chips and salsa!
Thanks again Mary - you guys were truly life savers!

Once again, loved this place.
Our waiter, Raymond, was a great guy.
On top of all of our requests.
We happened to be here during the running of the Kentucky Derby.
Place was hopping.
We will always have a fond memory of this place on that particular day, as my wife won her first bet on the Derby.
Dinner was basically free!!!
I had the fish tacos, SO good!
She had chicken taquitos.
Though the chips and salsa come for a small cost, Raymond gave us extra to go, which was very much appreciated.
I have to say, possibly the best part of my meal was the salsa.
IMO, some of the tastiest salsa ever.
Great environment within NYNY.

First off I don't typically give negative reviews and I barley know how to start.
The wife and I were trying to find good Mexican food in Vegas.
Upon reading many positive reviews on yelp we decided to go.
Hope they can fix their problems.
I ordered the burrito with green chile.
Was bland and lack spice.
Insides seemed like they had been run through a blender.
All of it was way over cooked.
Rice was mush, yuck!
Also ordered the berry margarita.
Wow what a train wreck.
Had little if no alcohol.
Was more a creamcyicle than a margarita.
Big chunks of ice in the bottom.
Was also spilled all down the side of the glass.
Now for the good.
The salsa and chips are not to be missed if you go!
Salsa had a great smokey favor.
You can make your own decision but, I won't be back.
If and when you are also disappointed try La Salsa.
They have many locations.
Price is on par.
Also much better food and drinks.

We went to this place because it had some good Yelp reviews, but I'm not quite sure what people were thinking.
The server did not seem like he cared much about doing a good job, and he didn't even check back with us after we received our food.
We ordered chips and salsa (they cost $2.95, but it seems like it is typical for Mexican restaurants to charge for chips and salsa in Vegas).
The chips and salsa were the best part of the meal.
If that's the only thing you order there, you're doing yourself a favor.
I ordered a bean and cheese burrito (it cost over $10, which seemed a little pricey), and it did not come with beans and rice on the side.
I also did not get an option of what type of beans I wanted in my burrito, and that seems odd for a Mexican restaurant.
I received my order very quickly, and once I started eating I realized why.
It was a store bought, flour tortilla, with over cooked rice and I'm guessing canned re-fried  beans inside.
The cheese inside was not completely melted.
It was truly the worst Mexican food I've ever had, and I'm originally from California, so I've had good, authentic Mexican food.
I would also avoid the margaritas at this place.
They are very costly, and there is very little alcohol in them.
You're better off buying a dollar margarita in one of the casinos.
Overall, do yourself a favor and go to a different Mexican restaurant.

I was pointed here for the best dessert in New York, New York.
I ordered the grande fried ice cream.
Grade cost  an extra dollar.
It is worth the extra dollar, unless you are on a diet.
Then, don't order dessert.
It was an excellent fried ice cream (am not usually a fan).
The ice cream was great quality and neither melted nor too frozen.
The bowl was perfectly accented with cinnamon sugar.
Overall, it was fantastic.
The staff was friendly and attentive.
The entrees looked promising, but we only had time for dessert.
It was fantastic.

Food was pretty good with decent prices.

Not amazing, not bad.
I would go back some time if I was craving Mexican food and happened to be at NYNY.

Mimi was a server.
She was very friendly and attentive.
I thought it was a bit whack you had to purchase chips and salsa but that was that.
My margarita was very ok and the skirt steak that we ordered was extremely chewy and overcooked.

Food was ok.  Prices are decent for a place on the strip at New York New York.
It was cool to seat in the patio area in the streets of NYC.

I think this place has got better than before.
Since I started eating fish lately, every restaurant I went to, fish used to be the highlight of the meal.
At Gonzales Gonzalez, I tried the grilled pacific swordfish with lime jalapeno butter which comes with rice and beans.I really couldnt taste the lime jalapeno but the fish tasted divine and the cilantro rice was probably the best rice I have ever eaten.
I had this two nights in a row..thats how good the fish was.
Service is great and prices are not your typical vegas prices.

You gotta get the fresh guacamole.
They make it fresh right at the table!
It was delish!
The fajitas were awesome and so was the chips and salsa.
My hubby got the chimichanga but it wasn't all that.
It was a little dry and not alot of flavor.
It was a little pricey.

This place was ok.
I order beef tacos, the beef was a little and the food tooka  while to come out.
Other than that it was ok.
If I ever return I would go elsewhere.

Having read some reviews, we decided to try this place out for lunch.
We were seated right away and our waiter, Chris was very attentive to our needs.
My wife ordered potato tacos, which weren't on the menu.
I ordered the steak & shrimp fajitas, which was delicious.
Chris continued to provide exceptional service and we were impressed with Gonzalez y Gonzalez.
If you're looking for authentic Mexican food, this is it.

Excelent.
We had queso fundido, tableside quacamole, blue corn chicken- excellent.
Margaritas were good too although maybe a bit pricy compare to the food

I was craving for Mexican comfort meal so bad.
We went to New York New York to pick up our show tickets, decided to eat at Gonzalez, we had drinks there last time, it was good, I figured the food should be good too.
Turned out I was so right!
Delicious large portioned Mexican food, so yummy!
I ordered a huge frozen mango margarita, it was fairly strong, but a little too sweet like all frozen drinks here in Vegas.
Loved their salsa, so spicy!
Just what I needed, chips & salsa are not free, it's $2:50.
I ordered crab guacamole to start, server prepared it by our table, they came with flat bread and chips too, So fresh, spicy and flavorful!
It was a huge bowl, I guess it was for 4 people, we couldn't finish it all, shame...   Hubby had soup to start, he said that soup was for hangover, I wanted to try some, but I saw pork in there, no...
So I just had the diced tomatoes and lettuce came with it.
I had grilled fish taco as entree, 3 small tacos with guacamole, radish, beans and rice: the fish was very tender and flavorful, so delicious.
Hubby had steak fajita: the steak cooked perfectly to medium close to rare, tender, yummy with enough flavors, I loved the beans and rice came with it, hubby loved the tortilla!
Of course I had to have desert, ordered fried ice cream, it was a bomb, a huge bomb!
The cinnamon sugar bowl was so crispy and sweet!
A great sugar fix!
Loved the decor and ambience of this place, very relaxing and chill, we got seated outside the main restaurant, it was better than sitting inside, we took our time to enjoy our big comfort meal, it was fun!
Our server was very attentive and polite, we asked how was business, he said it was the busiest day of the entire week?
I was surprised!
Why, I love the food and service here, and the tab was only $85, much more cheaper than other restaurants in Vegas!
Well, I plan to come back anyways!
A great place for margaritas and big comfor Mexican meals!
Great late lunch, I was sooo full, but very satisfied!

The first time I ate here was amazing.
The next two were just as good.
Good selection of happy hour items from taco salads, enchiladas, and burritos.
Buckets of corona for large groups.
Sizzling fajitas are my favorite.
I went with the carne asada and it was cooked just right.
Lots of flavor and very soft.
If you're at New York New York make it a priority to stop by here and grab a bite.

I love this place always come here when in Vegas!

My husband and I always stay at New York New York.
This is our favorite place to eat there by far!
The food is amazing!
Their appetizers are so good.
And the service is the best.
The manager Mary is wonderful and I wish all servers at other restaurants were as awesome as Chris.
Already looking forward to our next trip just so we can eat there!

Since we was staying at NYNY, we  decided to check this place out late at night.
No cover charge, just a little donation in the entrance is all that's required!
Small place to dance, but it was cool.
Good ambience here.
Beer was reasonably priced.
The  music is what I enjoyed!
Nothing but Spanish music to get the evening going!!
Overall it was a great experience, except for this drunk girl that kept bothering my girlfriend!!
But we didn't let that ruin our night.
U gotta wait a while for the bartenders to attend to u, like it is usually.
Overall, great experience, here....would come back!!!

The food was good for the price.
The service was not good at all.
The server, an older gentleman,  was more occupied with the football game instead of taking care of us.
Probably won't be back again.

This restaurant is inside NYNY a cute little place to stop at, while enjoying looking around at the NY decorations.
If you sit out on their patio, you can enjoy the feeling of sitting out on a patio in NY.
You are surrounded by decorated walls that are transformed into apartment buildings, cafe's, little tables to look like people are eating outside restaurants in NY.
I have never been to NY so it was cool checking things out while we enjoyed a few drinks before our meal.
Everything about this dining experience was good, except my sister receiving the wrong order.
For some reason our waiter thought she said something different then what she wanted, so when our order came out we had to send hers back and the waiter had to put in her order.
I ordered the nachos, which were ok.
They come on large home made chips, with steak, cheese, jalapenos and guacamole.
The steak was a little tough to chew through which was disappointing, but their guacamole was pretty tasty.
My sister ordered their taquitos.
They weren't bad, nice and simple dish, dip them in their chipotle sauce and they were actually pretty tasty.
Besides getting the wrong order out first and her having to wait for the taquitos everything else was nice.
Our waiter was polite and quick, the scenery was cool and the drinks were delicious.

Decided to eat here because we are staying in New York New York and the positive reviews on yelp.
The food was good and decent portions.
The service was also GREAT!!
The Salsa for the chips was amazing.
I was actually pleasantly surprised because everyone knows that good salsas are hard to come by.
The restaurant is adjacent to a bar/club with great variety of Latin music.
If you are looking to get your feet wet in to the night scene in Vegas but are timid or shy and not quiet ready to make the plunge this is a great transitional place you can go to.
Because if you are not feeling like dancing or getting out there quite yet then you can finish your food and not dance.
But if you so feel like dancing then you can step right into the scene.
Overall great service and a good experience.
Another neat fact is that there is actually a Gonzalez Gonzalez in New York City.
I love the way the hotel has all kinds of restaurants that are in NY.

Food was good.
Drinks were good.
It's a nice, casual place to grab Mexican food while at a casino that is reasonably priced.

Loved the Happy Hour!
Their bartender Frank is super friendly and made us feel very comfortable.
Taquito appetizers were fresh and very delicious.
We came back every day of our stay.

Great late night atmosphere at NYNY.
We came here for an appetizer before Zumanity show.
Service was great.
The prices were extremely fair.
Food was good.
We will definitely make Gonzalez-Gonzalez a regular place to eat while visiting in Las Vegas

A very large restaurant in the New York New York Casino.
They offer "outdoor" seating - meaning on the fake city streets within the casino.
We chose the outdoor seating so we could people watch while we ate.
The Margarita was too sweet and a little watered down.
They served it in a plastic cup rather than glass.
That was a bit of a disappointment.
They are generous with their chips and salsa.
They also made us table side guacamole which was very good.
For dinner, I had a beef burrito.
I've had better.

Food tasted like it came out of cardboard boxes or something i could have gotten at costco is was nasty and service was bad.

This is a decent very casual lunch spot.
The chips and salsa are solid.
We opted to add queso for more flavor.
The queso has good flavor.
We split an order of steak nachos.
They are prepared differently than most nachos.
There are four large chips with toppings stacked high on them.
The chips have quite a bit of steak on them.
They have ok flavor.
Not bad, but not a lot either.
They have an assortment of your standard drinks found at most Mexican joints.
The prices are inline with other casual casino options.

Recently dined here with my father on 12/15 and came away very impressed.
Being from San Diego we appreciate good mexican food and we were not dissapointed.
Moreover our server Armando went out of his way to make are dining experience as memorable as possible.
My father can be a very picky eater and basicaly Armando listened to what my father wanted.
(None of which was on the menu) and recommended something they could make from scratch.
Armando is what customer service is all about.
He was friendly,efficient, and a great centerpiece for the restaurant.
I ordered the steak fajitas which were great and my father ordered a chicken burrito ()ff the menu) which he loved.
Overrall I felt food was of good value considering you are dining in a casino and ambiance of restaurant was fine.
But it was our waiter Armando who made our dining experiance memorable.
Thanks Armando!
William Harris San Diego CA

Excellent customer service, attentive but not intrusive.
The food was very good and great portion size.
Definitely better than a buffet : )!

We ordered tortilla soup.
Not very authentic but good.
We ordered guacamole.
It was made table side and decent.
We ordered a plain bean and cheese burrito for a kid.
It was retried canned beans with a little cheese.
That was acceptable but what wasn't was the 15.95 that they charges for it.
Yikes.
Highway robbery.

This was one of our favorite casual restaurants during our trip to Las Vegas.
The chips were amazing.
We ordered a variety of entrees and they were all amazing.
I liked the atmostphere of the restaurant.
It towards the middle of New York New York on the ground floor, but it is away from the loud noises coming from the casino.
It is in the middle of a cute New York street, which i enjoyed.
They have an inside of the restaurant as well as what looks like a patio.
It was fairly quiet for it being in a casino.
The service was excellent.
We got everything in a timely manner.

Went here before a cirque show.
Prices and food were good.
Best part of our experience was the amazing service.

I visited Gonzalez y Gonzalez both times I was in Vegas.
the first time was just chance, we were hungry,  it was there.
But, the delicious food, good service, and beverages brought us back the second time!
The restaurant has an atmosphere of fun and excitement, exactly what you want in Vegas!

This was a great restaurant!
My husband and I were a little hesitant to eat here because we are really picky about our Mexican food, but I am glad that we did!
The service was good and the food came out fast.
We were only looking for a late night snack.
I got the steak nachos, and they were excellent.
They had a lot of cheese, beans, and good quality steak on them.
My husband had their chicken tortilla soup and he loved it, I tasted it and it was really good a flavorful.
Their prices were really good for what you get.
I would definitely recommend going here if you are in the mood for good Mexican food.

Grilled chile lime chicken ceasar was tasty and fairly fresh.
The portion size was above average.
An order of steak nachos is good enough to split between two people.
Preparations of these nachos were different than nachos from other Mexican restaurants.
There are four large chips with toppings and steak strips stacked real tall.
The drink menu was decent; the standard assortment of drinks found at most Mexican restaurants.
The server was attentive but drinks and food took forever to get.

Nothing amazing but pretty good Mexican food that is sort of like any of the large Mexican chains.
The tacos were fresh, HOT, and had a good flavor.
The rice and black beans were also pretty good.
They used to offer free chips and salsa like most Mexican restaurants but now charge $2.99 for them.
This place isn't a must try in Vegas but if you're on the strip and want Mexican food you won't go wrong here.

We stopped in here for late night munchies of chips & guac with salsas and margaritas.
It was so yummy as a port in the vegas strip storm.
We fueled up and headed back out for more fun on the town!
Very good for a mexican place on the strip!

It was very very difficult to communicate with the waitress.
I ordered nachos, which was only 4 chips - $11.
Fajitas were better, but strip priced too.
Service was poor.
2 stars only because the meat was tender.
No salsa on nachos?
Beans, meat and cheese.
Ugh.

We eat here just about every time we come to Vegas.
We had fajitas today and they were outstanding!
The tortillas are warm, soft, and tasty.
We had beef and chicken fajita -- both were terrific.
The server seemed like he might be new, but was clearly doing his best to take good care of us.
We'll continue coming back .

The steak fajitas came out of a sizzling hot plate, cooked to perfection.
Very tasty and flavorful.
Prices were on par for the strip.
If I'm ever in the area (and hungry) I would definitely make an effort to stop here!

The menu is great here and the food is wonderful and very reasonably priced for Las Vegas.
Our service was great and there was no line to get a table!

This was a truly great meal.
It was hands down the best  cheese enchiladas I have ever had.
The sauce was sublime and just a little smoky.
My hubby had something with pork, which he is now forgetting but thinks might have been carnitas?
Anyway, he said it was really, really good - the best meal he had in Vegas to be sure.
They also have a separate vegetarian menu - nice!
I do have a couple of gripes - the chips and salsa are not free and they will not mention this to you if you ask for some.
I saw them come out to another table so I asked because I thought they forgot.
Gripe number two, the prices are pretty high.
With that said, it was still really good food.

This had always been our favorite place to eat whenwe come to Vegas.
Since our last trip (year &1/2 ago) the prices went up, they now charge for chips & salsa, and drink refills.
They also tacked on an 18% service charge since their wees 6 of us.
The service also seemed  impersonal.
We need to find a new dinner spot for our next trip.

So good!
Sunday through Thursday they have deals for $15.95 that offer a pretty decent-sized, though watered-down margarita with your meal!
The hubby and I got this deal: - I got the chicken and shrimp suiza.
Jam-packed tortilla was moist, well-flavored shredded chicken and fat, succulent grilled shrimp with sour cream and guac.
The dish also came with black beans and a green-colored rice that was okay.
I paired this with their classic lime margarita on the rocks.
- My husband got the shrimp and lobster chile relleno.
I don't really like chile relleno and this was no exception; it was soggy and I don't the batter they cook it on.
His meal was served with refried beans and green rice.
He paired his with a blended mango margarita.
Good Spot for - people watching - not waiting forever to get a table - cheesy, delicious Mexican food - FAST service  Bad Spot for - a quiet meal (Screaming patrons on the roller coaster that goes indoors right above) - getting drunk for moderately cheap (watered-down drinks) - free chips and salsa.
They are really good and well portioned, but they cost money.
I'm from CA and I'm not used to having to pay for that.

New York New York is one of my favorite places to visit in Las Vegas and this time the vibe was as cool as ever.
My beautiful bride had a hankerin' for a chile relleno, so we stopped by Gonzlez y Gonzlez, as they were reported to be good.
The place has a really interesting dcor, with rough brick walls, red and yellow accents and the usual touches that are supposed to be reminiscent of Old Mexico.
Since neither one of us was exceptionally hungry, we asked if we could split a combo and they readily agreed.
Our server was pleasant enough, and I have no complaints about the service.
But while most Mexican restaurants that I know of bring out chips and salsa almost immediately, we were told that there would be a $3.00 charge.
So we skipped that.
Then the sodas were priced at $3.50, which is much higher than I expected.
Our food appeared almost as if by magic, but neither the rice nor the frijoles refritos were hot, but just warm.
So, nice try Seores Gonzles - but I can't give you more than a "C" this time.

Food excellent.
Chimichanga very light shell and stuffed w shredded beef.
Fried but no greasiness.
Wife's pork tortas also exc.
but worst margarita i ever had.
Watered down mix and alcohol.
$9 for water with little mix or booze.
Get the food, avoid margarita

Stumbled across this place... literally.
Came to NYNY to go check out Coyote Ugly and saw this was a cute little dance bar & grill .
Saturday night they had merengue/bachata, no cover, cheap drinks (for LV).
It was a blast!
Great vibe, pretty people!
I danced the night away and never made it to Coyote Ugly!
Def check it out if you want to get away from the high cover nightclubs.

Since I had made reservations, we were seated promptly.
Before we had the chance to look over the menu, we were asked about our drinks.
I ordered a margarita and husband ordered a modelo.
They were offering a free margarita with the special entrees.
We both decided to get the specials, but there was a catch..
Since I ordered a margarita prior to ordering our meal, I couldn't include that as my free margarita, even though it was the same size.
The waiter stated it was already in the computer as an order.
But for the meal, it was delicious.
Shrimp, crab rellano , with cilantro rice and black beans.
Husband had the shrimp and chicken suiza.
Yummy.
And 3 margaritas, alittle watered down but good.

Top of the line tequila selection of anejo and reposado tequilas.
Tortilla soup was great.
Service was great.
Prices were great.
Stop here to eat.

Early dinner last night.
I'm starting to feel like a Mexican food snob because the food here was just meh.
I ordered the crispy tacos thinking I'd be getting a nice fried shell and instead I got something that was more like what you buy at a box in the grocery store.
Boo  The chips were pretty good though and out waiter was super friendly so kudos to that.

Nevermind the food, this is the spot for dancing!!
When going back to my room at 11:30pm leaving a shitty time at Senor Frogs I heard Spanish Rock (Mana).
I stopped my husband dead in his tracks and asked him "do you hear that?!
that's where we need to be'!!
we followed the music and quickly found the spot and stayed there till 3am!
IT WAS GOOD!
definitely going back in July!!
The DJ played mostly cumbias and a small assortment of reggeton, hip hop and banda!!
The spot!

I came here because of the high Yelp ratings.
Boy, they were wrong.
Chi Chi's is better than this place.
Located in the NY NY casino, this small place looked like another food counter place.
There was no food counter, but should have been.
Although slightly better than Taco Bell, there was nothing special about this place.
The meal was so so.
Service was slow and unhelpful as well.
Maybe I came here on an off night.
Doesn't matter, because I ain't coming back.

Excellent place for Mexican food.
Very loud most of the time mainly from music and the roller coaster running overhead and it's close location to the casino floor, but no problem for us.
We first tried this place over 15 years ago and have been coming here every time we visit Vegas.
Food and service have been consistently excellent over the years.
Complimentary chips and salsa are no longer provided.
You are now charged for them.
I tried their new carne asada street tacos and they tasted great.
You can substitute refried beans for black beans.
Wife ordered a two beef enchilada combo which she said was great as always and served hot, very hot.
She had a Mojito which was awesome!
We loved it, kids loved it, everyone happy.

Great Mexican place - I think we ate at all the restaurants in NYNY since we stayed there.
We all were happy with our meals, the flavor was great - some of the meat was a little tough though.
We also ordered guac which was tasty as well.
The chips and salsa were also good - which is how we rate our mexican restaurants.
The margaritas were tasty too!

The food was good.
The margaritas even better.
I had the potato taco plate.
It was good.
My partner had the 3 taco rice/ beans combo.
I'm picky when it comes to mexican food but I enjoyed it.
It was nice to sit out on the tables located as people walk by

After reading all these reviews I thought I was going to be going to a good mexican restaurant but I was wrong.Just an FYI if  you want chips and salsa you have to PAY and they do not come FREE with the meal.
The main salsa was OKAY but nothing to write home about.
I ordered grilled chicken nachos and they were brought to the table and looked like something a 5 year old would have made and I felt the presentation of them was bad.
My family members ordered the fish tacos and YIKES..not good at all!!!
I ordered the chicken & shrimp fajitas and they were nothing special.
I have been to many mexican restaurants in Vegas here and I don't recommend this to anyone.

Good Place to enjoy some Latin dancing!
We arrived around 11-pm and left at 3:30am, The DJ was good he played Merengue, Salsa, Cumbia, Regueton, Ranchera, Rock en Espaol but No Bachata, that was not an issue though.
We had $8 Long island ice tea, I was content paying that price, other places charge $10-12 for the same drink and are not as "strong" as the ones we had at this joint.
FOLKS Always give a good tip to the bartender,  if there's more than one bartender try to order your drinks from just one, the bartender will take care of you if you tip him/her well, give a tip on every drink you buy.
if you tip well and are a "return customer" you may even get a free drink here and there.
Overall this is a good spot to dance the night away.
BTW I've never tried the food!

I had the King Crab/Shrimp Chile Relleno.
It was one of the best meals I have ever had.
We were a party of 6 and EVERYONE loved their food.
Highly recommend.

What a nice surprise!
We've been staying at New York New York for years and had never eaten at Gonzalez Y Gonzalez.
I honestly don't know why because it was wonderful.
My husband and I split an order of fajitas as they are quite generous.
Everyone in our party had a great meal, we will go back next visit to NYNY.
They have $5 margaritas and daiquiris during happy hour.
Our waiter, Raymond, was a gem!
Probably the best person we dealt with at NYNY.

Sub par Mexican at Strip prices!
Anyone who says this is great needs their head examined.
Their Cadillac Margarita was completely watered down.
I'm not convinced there was any tequila in it.
My wife's carnitas sucked - it's like they were pre-cooked bad reheated.
My chimi was the worst I've ever had and the equivalent of Taco Bell.
Plus, the service was nonexistent.
The only good part of the meal was the hostess.
She was warm, friendly, and kind.
I expect to get gouged on the Strip, but not like this.
We won't be back.

Gonzalez y Gonzalez is a reasonable place to get some of the standard Mexican fare that you'd expect from a restaurant in a big hotel on the strip.
In other words, it's convenient but a bit overpriced and underspiced.
I live in a small city in Maine and it's crazy that I can get better Mexican food at home than I can in Las Vegas.
Two stars for the food and prices, four stars for the service and convenience.
Yeah, I guess it's okay but there must be better places to get Mexican food outside of the hotels.

Ok, so looks like there are two categories of reviewers here, people either love this place or hate it.
I am definitely the former.
We were staying at NYNY and this is hand down one of the best parts of the experience.
We ordered the guacamole (which they make in front of you.
Cool!
And that taste that you can't quite place in it?
Cilantro) and as entrees the tacos, wet burrito and chimichangas.
Our server, I believe his name was Alphonso, was so nice, the service was excellent!
It is expensive but I honestly felt it was worth it.
My dad ordered a whiskey and it ended up being something like $15, so that was a but of a oh ok haha but other than that it was great.
Highly recommended if you're in Vegas and in the mood for mexican!

Food, 4 stars.
Chicken enchiladas.
4 stars.
Great flavor.
The runny beans would be my only suggestion for improvement.
Crunchy tacos.
4 stars.
Hubby thought the ground beef was seasoned spectacularly.
I didn't sample them...
They're just tacos, right?
(But he did say 'wow, the meat is seasoned well' on the first bite)-his rating was 4.5 Appetizer Dip trio.
3.5 stars.
Chili queso is excellent.
Superb even.
Also loved the green chili sour cream.
The roasted tomato salsa was mediocre.
I like my salsa to pack a little more heat.
Service was 3.5-4 stars.
Our waiter was on point, prompt with food but overloaded with tables.
He couldn't keep pace & we waited to place order & for the change on the bill.
Hostess... 3 stars.
She could work interpersonal skills & body language.
She seemed to work hard but 'appeared' not to enjoy her job.

Food bland, they made us Guacamole because if the reviews, but we had to ask for lemon and we also put extra salt.
Would not go back.

I stopped in here after a long day of traveling with my husband and we were able to quickly get a table.
The service was excellent- servers were all very friendly and accommodating.
The chips and salsa were great- nice and spicy.
My veggie tacos were good.
Nothing spectacular but good sized portions.
My husband loved the pork belly tacos.
The margaritas were on the small size but were delicious.
The star of our meal though had to be the table side king crab guacamole!
It was FABULOUS!
A definite must if you're a guac lover.

The food was just regular and the service was terrible.
It took 20 minutes just to get our drinks.
Food was gross.
There were 10 of us and all of us hated our food.
I would never come back and would recommend that everyone save their money.
Drinks had 0 alcohol.
This place gets 2 thumbs down!!

5 stars for the customer service and drink prices!
I didn't try their food but the drinks were delicious.

Holy Mother Of God, I just got a case of food poisoning from this place that was so bad I was surprised I didn't retch up my shoes.
I ate carnitas here at two o'clock.
By five o'clock I was flat on my back.
And by nine o' clock I was driving the porcelain bus.
I became Mr. Creosote from "The Meaning Of Life," unleashing like a firehose until six hours later, at three in the morning when I passed out into a fitful semi-stupor.
Eating here basically ruined the last day and a half of our vacation.
So, to sum up...
I DO NOT recommend eating here.
I DO recommend a kitchen fire and salting the earth where it once stood.

I've died and gone to Mexico.
Best bang for the buck.
Come with an appetite because the food is filling.
Had steak and shrimp fajitas.
Fabulous!
Get the guacamole for the chips.
Made right in front of you.

Table side guacamole is awesome.
Had quite a few different things on the menu and all were good.
The one I remember being the best to me were the enchiladas with green sauce, forget what they called them.
I have probably been here 5 or 6 times now and me and the wife love it.

Meh, I didn't eat here so I can't attest to the food, but I didn't have a pretty mean margarita.
The server was a little sketchy and the decor a little frightening (creepy fat people paintings...
weird!
) but overall it wasn't an unpleasant experience.

I would simply say this was an average Mexican restaurant.
I had the carnitas street tacos and they were delicious but the meal didn't blow my mind.
The service was top-notch, my waiter was attentive, friendly and checked on me frequently.

Good place to stop for a beer and grab a bite to eat.
On a side street in New York New York.
Outside setting was great.
Waiters were on it, order taken and food recived.
Food was decent and the beer was cold.
Plenty of  people watching time, the staff didn't push you along after your meal.
Last word...
Relaxing.

Great place!
We got sitter right away, our attendant was very friendly, the food that we ordered came super fast and was excellent.
I would definitely go back there, and I would recommend it to anyone who loves Mexican food and good service.

The carnitas were ok.
Someone else made a comment that they tasted like they were cooked bad and reheated....I agree with the reheated part as the meat was a little tough.

Average Mexican food, nothing special.
I had the chile rellenos which were decent.
I'm not used to paying for chips and salsa.
$4 is a little steep for what should be complimentary.
Chips were straight out of a bag.
Salsa was pretty good.
Overall, one of the better values at New York New York.

