Stayed here one time when traveling for business.
Clean, friendly and new.
Highly recommend if you do not want a damn casino hotel.

FAQ  Q: Isn't this right next to one of those nifty monorails?
A: Yep!
If only Los Angeles had this sort of public transportation.
Q: But, c'mon, you've stayed at Paris, Aladdin, the Flamingo, Monte Carlo, Venetian, Imperial Palace, Luxor, and now the Courtyard by Marriott?
What gives?
A: Heyhey... don't hate.
Sometimes the urge for Vegas is there but you can't rob banks anymore because it's not nice (even though you're FDIC insured up to $100,000).
Q: Did you get a room overlooking the courtyard?
A: If by courtyard you mean a small concrete square of land with a kidney-shaped pool and a cheap little spa with bratty kids in 'em, then yes, the room overlooked this alleged "courtyard.
"  FYI ...
I mean, it's a hotel.
With beds.
A continental breakfast.
You can't really screw that up.
This place doesn't.
Nice work.

After going to Vegas 4 times in the last year and staying at the Stratosphere, the Paris, & the Rio, this nice regular business hotel off the strip was a pleasant departure and it didn't feel so much like Vegas (other than the heat).
I was in town for a convention at the LV Convention Center, which being quite literally across the street was nice to not have to cab it all over town.
In mid-September the heat was also not THAT bad and I was able to walk across the street to the event without sweating my ass off.
I did appreciate that the bed was super comfortable and the room was nice and had free wi-fi since I needed to get caught up on some things.
I also liked that their small snack area adjacent to the front desk was open 24hrs - not as super convenient as most of the on-strip attractions and hotels but good for that midnight snack since I arrived late in the evening.
I did not partake in the breakfast at the small restaurant in the lobby, although I'm told by fellow conference-goers staying there that it was pretty good.

I go to Vegas 4-6 times a year for trade shows and I've stayed everywhere.
This is my go-to place if there's a show at The Convention Center.
Here's why-  1.
It's right across the street.
You can walk to the show.
No parking, no taxis, even a monorail to get to the strip.
It's not a Casino!
No cigarette smoke, and you just walk right through to your room without getting lost in a tacky maze.
The pool and hot tub are open until 11 and almost always deserted.
I've sat there for hours and never had to share with anyone.
The service is great.
We've shipped catalogs and samples ahead many times and the staff is always helpful and friendly when we get there.
Breakfast buffet.
Nothing special, but beats waiting in line at the trade show to eat breakfast.
The rooms are small and neat, with a working mini-fridge and they even have cold beer on ice and FREE chocolate chip cookies every day after the show.
Ps if you cut through The Riviera to the strip, you can walk to The Peppermill, Vegas' other best-kept secret.

this place was nice, we stayed here for 4 days and mostly only slept here since we were out and about for most of the time.
the place looks like apartments from the outside.
the rooms are spacious, they have a kitchen living area bed and bath.
very satisfactory.
the hotel also includes hot tub, pool, sports court, exercise rooms and free breakfast which was very good!
i would def stay again.

I stayed here this past weeked.
It was a little off the strip so i was a little concerned but I've heard good things about the Marriott so I decided to trust it.
we stayed in a room with a sliding glass door that led to the parking lot.
After going out my friends and I came home to see that our room had been ransacked.
we left at 12:30am and came back at 4:30am.
someone had to be scopeing out our place.
We had over a $1000 worth of stuff stolen, including phones, ipods, designer sunglasses, etc.
we called the front desk, they sent a security gaurd who preceeded to tell us that he "saw our sliding glass door was open and told the front because that seemed odd but i guess she didn't do anything".
I asked for security cameras and he said they only had one at the front entrance.
I asked what we could do and he said we could file a police report.
i said ok should i come with you he said no its fine they'll take care of it at the front.
nothing happened.
we called the front and they told us to call the cops ourselves.
wen we called to talk to the manager in the morning to ask if there was anything she could do to help because no one came to speak to us thereafter, she said it wasn't their fault and offered us 40 percent off.
I've never had such poor service in my life.
NEVER again will I stay at any of their establishments.

I give this hotel 3 Stars (4 before seeing the price) strictly based on smaller hotels category, not in comparison to other bigger, fancier casino hotels.
Me & my friend visited Vegas for Business.
Courtyard perfectly fit our needs.
My friend had reward points which covered our full 3 night stay.
So I can't tell you how affordable it was or how good of a bargain it is.
Update: After checking online prices are $120-$150 a night.
I'm sure you can get a better deal at the bigger casino hotels.
But the place is modern, well maintained & smells good.
Got a nice little store, vendor machines, nice rooms with descent beds & furniture.
Nothing to brag about but far from being ashamed of.
Room on 2nd floor got a nice modern balcony (for the smokers) and a direct view on your car (easy access from lot to rooms).
Or view of the Wynn on the other side.
About 10 minutes drive to the heart of the strip, right near the monorail and across the convention center.
Tip: If you drive to the strip, DO NOT DARE turning on Desert Inn Dr. You may assume it's on the way to the strip but it turns into a highway with no way out for several miles all the way to tizen'emo!
Way pass the strip & I-15.
Just keep on paradise till you hit the next major turn.
If you are in Vegas to make some money, yet need privacy, this may be the place for ya.
Yalla Bye.

Decent hotel.
Close to strip.
Inexpensive rooms.
It is not convenient to walk to the strip from the hotel.
There is a tram across the street, but it cost $5.

Ok only chain places to eat in walking distance and everything closes early.
The fitness area is poor and there is a giant 24.
Hour gym next door but you cannot get a pass.
Free Internet I thought it was expensive compared to the strip or the SPG Element  property in the area

This is my 4th visit at this Hotel.
In comparison to the strip hotel, this one is the budget with the great hospitality, very descent rooms and service especially the shuttle service to the strips.
I would like to thank the nice lady named Johanna who greeted me and took her time to talk to me and my family as a person.

Stayed here for one night since I was driving to Salt Lake City the following day.
Located in Summerlin and severl miles off the strip;therefore, this hotel served its purpose.
It was sold out due to there was the girls' basketball tournament taking place over the weekend.
The room was standard and a bargain at $67.00 a night with my AAA discount .
The location isn't bad either - it's close Boca Park Fashion Shopping where you can shop or dine.
There's also Famous Dave's BBQ next store for convenience.
The only Con is this Courtyard gets heavy usage and parts of the hotel shows it.

After staying at the motel 6 for two nights (not by choice) this place seemed like a 5 star resort.
It's not, but it's very decent.
The people at the front desk were all very nice and helpful.
The room was nice and super clean.
We had one of the rooms with a king size bed, which also have a fold out couch in them and you can request a rollaway bed for no extra charge.
So you can fit a lot of people comfortably in one room.
The only downside is that they don't serve continental breakfast anymore.
:( Also it's a semi short walk from the strip.
I would stay here again.

Nice location, great price!
No smoke smell!
What is not to like?
We walked over to the Wynn for a show, meals in the Venetian and the Wynn and came back to our quiet, smoke free hotel.
The staff was very helpful when I somehow managed to lose my toiletries sachel in the parking lot, they found it, it took a couple of days to coordinate with maids, staff, etc.
Then they kindly mailed it up to me, I am very grateful for their help with all this.
Very kind and greatly appreciative.
The way hotels should be!

The hotel is Courtyard, true to form!
If you've stayed in one you know what I mean.
The lobby has recently been updated with Courtyard's new look.
The location is perfect for conventioneers as it is directly across from the Convention Center.
I love it because it's Courtyard.
It's a great business friendly hotel which truly is a second home for us road warriors.
If you want gambling and noise take the tram (which is across the street).

The customer service here is amazing!
There are free shuttles to and from the strip and the staff is great.
The only negative experience was on the first day eating dinner in the cafe.
The waiter was new and he was pretty bad, but since then everyone has been so wonderful!
I don't have a vehicle here, so without their shuttle service I wouldn't be able to go anywhere without paying a huge bill.
They even took us to a local restaurant even though it's not one of the locations.
I will certainly be coming back here.

***This Courtyard has a lot of the typical Courtyard pluses--complimentary internet, complimentary parking, 24 hr fitness center, decent rooms; however, there are also areas where it does not stack up well to other Courtyard Marriotts (slow internet, smell in the hallways, etc.
)***  This Courtyard by Marriott is located near The Strip; it sits right next to the Las Vegas Convention Center and the monorail stop.
In many ways, it is very similar to other Courtyard by Marriott locations.
It has complimentary parking, complimentary internet and a 24 hr fitness center.
The rooms are okay.
While the lobby has been renovated to showcase the new Courtyard by Marriott lobby design (the bistro, the market, the modern seating, etc.
), the rooms felt a little dated.
The rooms were still big enough and comfortable enough.
There were definitely areas where this hotel did not stand up well against other Courtyard Marriotts.
The internet was a little slow.
They do warn you when you log-in and you do have an option of paying an extra charge for fast internet.
Also, the hallways had a smell to them.
While Courtyard by Marriott is a smoke-free hotel, probably the years when smoking was allowed or simply the proximity to Vegas has resulted in kind of a smoky smell in the hallways.
Service was fine.
Prices were not too bad, but you could probably pay a relatively similar amount for a mid-range hotel on The Strip (like Bally's) if you planned ahead.
This Courtyard by Marriott is probably a step below other Courtyard by Marriott hotels out there.
Also, its location is convenient only if you are spending time a lot of time at the convention center.
If you are planning to spend most of your time on The Strip, it is not that far from the Wynn/Encore, but it is very far from everything else.
If you are coming to Las Vegas for vacation, you should probably try to look online at some of the lower priced hotels (Bally's, Mirage) before settling for this Courtyard by Marriott.
As mentioned, this Courtyard by Marriott offers free parking; the parking is outside, but it is gated.

My favorite thing about this hotel is...the rooftop pool.
To expand on that further, the best part about the pool is the bar.
And to take that even FURTHER, the best thing about said rooftop bar, is the bartender, Shawna.
Shawna is A.MA.ZING.
Talk about wonderful, she is honestly one of the best servers I have ever had!
She knows how to make a mean drink with a smile.
She is so great at chatting up the customers and making every person feel important.
she is sweet, friendly, and efficient.
LOVED my experience here!

Great spot to grab a quick lunch.
Especially, if you are heading to or leaving the convention center.
I really enjoyed the shrimp ceasar salad I had on my most recent visit here.
We drop in here every once in a while for lunch at work.
Good, friendly service and a nice menu.
Definitely a solid option.

My wife and I had an enjoyable stay at the Courtyard.
We are Marriott Rewards members and needed a reliable place to stay since we missed our bus home that morning.
So here's a liss of Pros and Cons:  Pros: Clean bed, bathroom, and room Lobby is stylishly modern and comfortable Friendly staff members throughout the hotelt  Bed was very comfortable Fridge in the room to store uneaten dinner Balcony view of the Strasophere Hotel/Tower Conveniently located near food places and not far from the Strip Pool/Spa hours very decent (Spa was fantastically soothing) Excellent bathroom amenities Microwave in lobby Great selection of snacks/drinks in lobby.
Cons: Tiny bathroom Microwave in lobby(Just better to have in the room) Ice Vending Room was boiling hot Though friendly, staff needs to be more attentive Pool has twigs and sticks TV placed in weird location Spa should be a tad warmer Need softer towels Needs a complimentary breakfast  Actual rating comes out as a 3.5 but it's a 3 here on Yelp.

Great hotel, closely located to the strip.
You can park and walk right to the front desk and check in to your room.
Clean room, comfy bed, great service, would definitely stay again

It was alright.
Not where I would normally stay in Vegas but it was decent for a last minute place to stay.
What I did love was the food area inside.
It was redecorated and the food was delicious!
Most of the reason it deserves a 4 was based off our breakfast experience.
Yumm

Rolled into Vegas recently and stayed here.
We went over Memorial Day weekend and ran into some complications finding a cheap hotel because we came in on the Saturday, and many of the MGM-owned Vegas hotels amongst others were running Friday-Monday deals that locked out anyone coming in on a Saturday.
Bummer.
We still wanted a place close to the Strip though and fortunately the Courtyard was available.
The nice thing is that this place is easily walkable to the Strip if you want, just a couple loooooooong city blocks away from the Wynn/Encore and Fashion Show Mall.
The downside is that the walk is a bit sketchy with the occasional homeless person (including one who I couldn't tell if he was alive or not) and a not-so-good smell.
But we did it a few times anyway because cabbing it sucks.
It is a bit of a reality check of the problems Vegas is going through outside of all the bright shiny lights and tourists.
There's a bus stop right outside the hotel too and that's helpful if you want to go anywhere else outside the Strip.
Came in handy for us getting around.
And you'll have to use it, because the McCarran shuttle doesn't go here.
But thankfully the bus ride is very quick between there and the Courtyard, and once again, it's a hell of a lot cheaper than a cab.
Staff was nice enough I guess, nothing special.
They have a deli/snack bar and a Starbucks inside and they comped us a couple Starbucks coffees which was nice.
No casino-related stuff, this is mostly a business hotel and that was honestly fine with me, keeps things quieter for those staying there.
The room was fine but our door was chipped off a little bit at the bottom.
Didn't go all the way through but it wasn't the best sight obviously.
The room itself was very clean though and everything was quiet.
Wi-Fi is free, and it worked fine too.
Parking's also free.
I'd say this place is more of a 3.5 star, but we didn't have any problems so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.
If you want somewhere moderately priced and very quiet while still fairly close to the Strip, go here.

Pros:  Easy in & out Good parking Was able to request late check out   Service review: Upon returning to my room we discovered a bug problem in our room.
Front desk stated they would give us a call back.
15 minutes later we received a call that they found us another room & a new key would be sent up to our room.
20 minutes later a key arrives.
We take our luggage to the new room & discover the key doesn't work.
Since things take 15-20 minutes to fix I walked to get a room key that worked.
I was really upset since it was 3 am.
Seeing the big (what appeared to be roaches) in the room really freaked me out.
So I didn't get a good nights sleep.
If they were in 1 room I'm sure they were in several.
The next day I checked my Marriott Rewards Account as well as my banking account.
The hotel had taken a free night reward as well as used points as well as charged 2 different credit cards incidentals for the 1 night stay.
I was floored.
I attempted to call the front desk, but was transferred to the hotel directors voicemail.
Eventually I called Marriott customer service to air out my grievances.
I probably will not stay and would not recommend this hotel for anyone coming into down.
There are a ton of hotels on the strip.
Since I am a marriott rewards credit card and member I wanted to stay true to the brand.
I will not do that again when traveling to vegas.

Cute, contemporary and clean.
Nice large rooms.
Close enough to strip and just far enough away from the wild Vegas Nonsense to make me come back.

I checked in here late last night after a miserable 10+ hours of delayed travel.
How fortunate was I that the lovely Rita was working the front desk and got me checked in.
Room is very comfortable.
Very happy with this Courtyard!!

I like Courtyards.
But I hate writing boring reviews.
We were at the Las Vegas Courtyard on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.
I think there were less than five guests at the hotel and the staffing was reduced so people could be home with their families (or at the casinos-- this is Vegas).
Here's what stands out:  This Courtyard has an actual courtyard.
With a pool.
And a fire pit.
Nice.
The lobby is well designed.
The parking is free.
And staff were super helpful.
And unlike the hotels on the strips with 3000+ rooms, this is a relatively small place.
No lines to check in or out.
No slots.
No casino.

This is my first time staying in this particular Courtyard.
While they have renovated this property in an attempt to update and modernize, it still feels a bit cramped and antiquated.
The hotel is clean and will suffice, but there are much better options for the money.
It is adjacent to the LV Convention Center and the Monorail station is across the street.
Both very convenient for a business traveler wanting to stay off of the strip and away from the casino scene and still have relatively easy access to all that Vegas has to offer.
All in all, it's not a bad place to stay.

We headed to Vegas for a wedding and needed a place to stay.
We weren't going to do the party seen so staying at a nice Belagio, Mandalay Bay, or Aria wasn't really necessary.
We decided to stay at the Marriott Courtyard, which is actually very close to the strip, right behind Encore and Wynn.
You can walk to the main strip and then catch a cab if you want.
The rooms were extremely spacious and clean.
There is no coffee shop inside, so be prepared to take a short walk.
Parking is free, big plus for the Marriott.
Prices were very affordable.
Staff were pretty friendly.
All in all great experience.

Great location if you are going to the convention center and don't want to deal with one of the casino hotels.
The food at the cafe is pretty good too.

This is my go-to place when I am in Vegas on monthly business.
The staff typically remembers me and I am greeted warmly every time I enter or leave the hotel.
I get upgraded often and the staff always makes my check quick and easy.
I don't care for the smoking, resort fees and traffic that comes with staying on the strip but need the central location for my business in town.
This is the best option for my needs.
Have always been loyal to Courtyard Marriott's and this place makes that easy to do!
Comfortable beds, clean hotel and courteous staff will keep me coming back!

