it is just off the strip you can see it out your window.
it felt farther away because when i was there it was 128 one day and  over 100 most of the time  he hotel itself is just ok.  it had the nicest staff  of any hotel i have ever been in.
i had a problem with my credit card and they let me pay cash for the first night and then helped me get my card working.
any thing i wanted to know about Vegas they helped me figure it out.
they have a shuttel that goes for the hotel  to the airport and its free.
who ever is working one of them drives the bus.
i give the hotel a 2 but  its getting 4 stars because of the staff

CHEAP BEER!
$3.99 steak and eggs breakfast special!
They have their own microbrewery so the drafts are $1 each.
They're actually decent.
Really, this is a steal for Vegas.
The restaurant has a $3.99 steak and eggs breakfast special that isn't listed on the menu.
Just ask for it.
Lots of food + beer for a very low price.
The bar in the very back can get really packed and smokey.
Its pretty close to the strip- 1 block parallel.
Very walkable.
I didn't stay here, so I can't comment on the rooms.
Feb 2008.

This place was a huuuuge down for me.
I love Ellis Island, and visit on every trip so why not stay @ Motel 8 on a Saturday night, right?
Oh man... rooms are so tiny and old looking, the place is like a mini maze no get to/from room-parking-EI-room, too many doors with so many exits, blah hated that!...
the stair accesses STINK, literally.
To top it off, it wasn't that cheap $69 for a Saturday night, I prefer to make it an even $100 and stay @ Strat or Sahara.

We stayed here because we got a $35 rate cause a friend knew an employee which was pretty much the lowest rate you will find anywhere near the strip on Friday Saturday and Sunday night.
But honestly I wish the people I went with would have listened to me and sprang a few more dollars for a nicer place.
The place was pretty old and dirty.
I gave three stars because the staff were friendly and Ellis Island was pretty neat.
They had good food (with long lines), a decent casino, and cheap beer.
However I did not want to spend four days at Ellis Island and this place was quite a walk from the strip.
Sure it was only like a half mile but that's a lot when you factor in all of the walking you will do throughout the strip.
But if you are on a really tight budget and you can get a great rate like we did then this is not so bad.
I've stayed at the Flamingo and the Luxor as well and had this hotel been right off the strip I definitely would have enjoyed it better than the Flamingo, which by the way was awful.

We decided to stay in this place because its the cheapest we can get from expedia with only having a week before departure to book in the middle of the summer.
The second floor hallway stinks.
I wanted to get into our room to get away from the smell only to find out that our room stinks as well... a non-smoking room that smells like someone just had smoke?
what the heck.
I've been to other cheap motels but this is by far the worst.

Everything about life is location, location location.
Right?
If so this is a pretty awesome location for the price.
The hotel is about a block from the strip in Vegas.
Now do not let the term "block" fool you its a pretty damn big block.
It takes about 10 minutes to walk from here to the strip simply because there is not a direct route so you have to walk down a bit and then over.
Still you do not have to drive.
In Vegas that is gold since you can drink and just stumble back to the hotel.
The hotel itself is not the best but it is decent.
They have security doors on the side entrances where you have to swipe your room key to enter...so its a little more secure than some hotels.
Its also right next door to the Ellis Island Casino and restaurant which is a great place to hang out.
Its not like you really need to sleep in Vegas anyways, right?
:0)

Here's the run-down.
Super-cheap even on a Saturday night, booked last minute (yes, we wimped out on camping on an unusually cold and rainy day).
Large.
Did you know that this is the largest Super 8 in the world?
In case you missed that, just look at the humongous sign proclaiming this to the world right in front of the place.
Well, it's Vegas after all.
Free coffee drink machine.
I'm not just talking about free coffee in the rooms either (yes, we had that too).
This is a drink machine that made hot chocolate, lattes, cappucinos, espressos etc.
Drink up to your heart's desire.
Very nice on a cold night.
Direct Access to Ellis Island Casino, which turns out to be a brewery.
A brewery in Las Vegas!
Why am I surprised?
Don't forget the steak dinner special.
One of the best meal deals on the strip.
(Tip: this is not on the menu -make sure you ask the waitress about it)  Room was standard sized and seemed clean.
Note, emphasis on seemed.
I've stayed at many a motel and the Super 8 Las Vegas was pretty darn good for a cheap motel.
Sure, the walls were thin, the place was noisy (it's a motel in Vegas- what do you expect?!
), but I would have given this place 4 stars EXCEPT...after walking around in our room for a while barefoot, I noticed that our feet were black on the bottom.
Yep, that's how clean the carpets were.
Seriously disgusting.
Good thing they had the free coffee drinks or I might have dropped it down to two stars.

I've always been a fan of Super 8 hotel chain, what can you say they provide free breakfast (at most locations - not this one) and great for long road trips.
Anyway I had to stay here over CES 2011 weekend.
Due to a royal cockup on our part, the hotel was not booked ahead of time.
Super8 was probably the most affordable hotel that was close enough to the strip.
We ended up staying here for 4 nights.
The rooms were comfy, the beds were okay could use more 'padding'.
The location was good.
They have a free multi-coffee thing downstairs, and they also have a in-room coffee maker.
The staff was very helpful.
I think I'd stay here next time I am on a budget trip to vegas.
Don't get me wrong strip hotels are great but they are pricey.
I paid 85/night for CES weekend.
Beat that!
Check out the Ellis Island Casino and Brewery - I was able to pay for a lovely dinner for 2 with my winnings at the slot machines.

Had the worst time here.
For one the whole place smelled like smoke.
Second they were remodeling the hotel which wouldn't have been a bad thing but they moved us into a room that was "finished" and it clearly wasn't.
In the room there were lights that didn't work, the cable didn't work because someone cut the cord and obviously they knew about it because it was zip tied to the top.
The lady at the front desk was not friendly.
Honestly for the price that your gonna pay to stay here, you might as well stay at a better hotel on the strip.
the only redeeming quality is the distance from the strip.

Just about every weekend this Super 8 is sold-out!
Why, you ask?
Because it is inexpensive, convenient, has a free Airport shuttle, is near the Airport, and all the airline personnel and flight crews crash there between flights.
This Super 8 Koval is the LARGEST Super 8 in all the country.
It seems to wrap around a very large city block very near the Strip, but far enough away from the garish neon lights and parade of drunken lechers that it feels somewhat serene there!
The pool is small and squished in next to the back parking lot but it is clean and the cool pool water was very refreshing on a hot Las Vegas day.
Super 8 Koval even has a little outdoor cabanna area-complete with lush couches and chairs.
I kind of felt that a lot of the hotel's male workers who trundle by with carpeting or construction equipment get an extra bonus from their job by the sight of so many bikined bodies getting fried in the withering dessert sun!
The rooms themselves are not bad either.
Although there was an ever-present smell of stale paint fumes in the hallways, I was okay with everything except there the lack of conditioner or body moisturizer to go with the complimentary bottle of shampoo in the bathroom.
EXCELLENT CELL PHONE RECEPTION!
No dropped calls-probably because of the enormous cell phone tower that sits in the back of the huge Super 8 parking lot in the back!
Personnel are friendly and gracious; however some front desk employees are much more helpful then others.
A gentlemen in the morning hooked me up with a great tour and whipped out his cell phone to call & make sure the driver was on his way.
Later on, some grumpy female front desk employees just waved a brochure in my face when I asked about a city tour.
Best part about this Super- Ellis Island Casino right next door.
$7.99 steak dinners and a Metro Pizza outlet that serves the best greasy but delicous pizza at all hours-day and night,  Right next door to Ellis is a 7/11 where I could go get coffee and cold drinks first thing in the morning.
It is possible to go to Vegas and enjoy yourself while watching your wallet.
There is no need to deny yourself the pleasure of a little va-cay to Sin City if you're poor or not some high-rolling playa.
It just takes knowing where to go and how to do it.
Keep this Suoer 8 in mind next time your travels take you to the Neon Capitol of Gaudyville!

GOT ROBBED IN THE ROOM BY THE STAFF!
I wrote a review almost 2 years ago and I figured out it's not there anymore but I think people should know about it.
I stayed there with my parents who were celebrating their anniversary.
We stayed 2 nights.
The second day when we got back from shopping after lunch time, the room door wasn't opening with our both keys.
I went to the front desk who sent a maintenance guy who creeped me out.
We dropped our shopping and cash my parents just got from the ATM (they used to travel and pay cash, but not since this experience).
We then spent the whole afternoon out.
We got back to get ready and left again for dinner.
When we got back, my Dad noticed that one the suitcase was down instead of up.
But he thought he was tired, and we went to bed.
The next morning, while packing, my Mom figured out her extra wallet with the cash she took the day before was gone!
I went to the front desk and said that someone went through our stuffs the day before.
They said they can check who went in the room with the electronic system.
But when they connected to the system, the history of our room was gone!
Erased!
How weird??!
They implied that we gambled and loose the money and it wasn't their fault!
How rude!
It's so inappropriate and such bad customer service.
It's obvious that someone from the staff went in our room, stole from our luggage, and then erased the history, but that was our fault?
They have thief staff member and the Manager was obviously protecting them.
At the end, they forced us to pay for the stay.
I went to the police who didn't care, and I complained to the headquarter which never get back to me and refund anything!
On top of that, the sheets were used, the room filthy, there was a water lick, holes and bumped in the doors and walls.
This experience was so terrible and I suggest to all customers to pay a little more but stay in the safe hotel.
Since that day (almost 2 years ago), I have never been to a Super 8 hotel and never will.
The headquarter seems not to care about their customers but at the end they are loosing more money than if they would have refund us for our loss.

During my last stay in April 2012, Super 8 was doing some cable upgrades to some of their rooms on the second level, which I didn't mind too much.
Of all the hotels along the Vegas strip, this is one of the more inexpensive and decently maintained places, plus free wifi is included, although it was rather slow and inconsistent at times.
All rooms have had their old TVs replaced with flat screen ones (which are nicer), the beds are pretty good and the heater/air conditioner worked pretty well.
There's also a washer/dryer on the second floor if you need to do your laundry and don't want to drive around town getting lost just trying to locate another laundromat.
Check-in and check-out process with the staff was pretty smooth.
There is a Metro Pizza next door at the Ellis Island Casino if you need something to eat and can't think of anywhere else to go or simply don't want to look around the area.
Overall, I have been mostly satisfied with the two times I've stayed here, and it's only one large block away from the center of the Strip, which is really nice and convenient.

Place can't pass the slamming door test, which is tough for any motel to pass actually.
You might get woken up from a door slammer, but you can always get revenge by slamming your own door in the AM to wake someone else up.
AC was cranking, flat screen TV has numerous channels not found in a normal hotel and the wifi which is free worked to perfection.
Best part of this place was that coffee machine down in the lobby which produced starbucks-like French Vanilla or mocha drinks free of charge as well.
Try to book online or ask for "coupon" rate as those are the best deals.
Some poor tourists were forking over $79 a night, while I was enjoying $34 rates for the same room.
If this really is the world's biggest Super 8, it's still pretty small, but not a bad place to stay for 2-4 nights.

I stayed here during Cinco De Mayo weekend, MGM had a huge boxing fight and several conventions were taking place so you can imagine the hotel prices in the 100's during that weekend!
I couldn't afford staying in the strip because I'm hardly going to stay in the room besides to sleep and take a shower so I decided to stay close to the strip at least walking distance.
My first choice was the Circus Circus just north of the Strip but I read too many bad reviews on the property and decided to stay with the Super 8 on Koval Lane.
It's no Bellagio or Ballys but it gets the job done.
What I want out of a hotel or motel is a clean and safe room with staff that accomadate your every need and answers all your questions even though your staying in a 2 star motel or 5 star hotel.
They say this is the biggest Super 8 in the United States and since Hilton just bought this property, they have undergone a lot of renovations with the rooms and lobby area and it worked out very well besides the smoke smell in the halls and stair case and the carpet could use some cleaning and in some areas replacing.
On each side of the building are doors for hotel guests where you can just slide your room key and the door will open which I think is very convenient if you want to get to your car without walking through the lobby and it's just added security.
Speaking of security, they have a security guard patrolling the parking lot and around the motel so you know you are in good hands.
One time I was walking to one of the side doors and the security guard walked up to me with his flashlight and asked what I was doing until I showed him my room key saying I was walking back to my room.
He didn't have a big attitude about it but was just concerned and I felt very safe staying here despite the neighborhood not being too fancy like the strip, I actually got my moneys worth and saved a ton from the staying at the mega hotels.
The pool here is pretty small but very clean and heated, so that was a huge plus and it was gated so to enter you would have to slide your room key to open the gate.
There is on Cabana and several lounge chairs scattered around the pool.
The clientele staying here were mostly European tourists, flight atttendants staying over night and some shady characters.
The lounge offers free internet, microwave, reading and resting area and a flat screen tv.
Also the.motel has free wifi but it can be spotty at times and they have HBO and abundance is channels to watch which is a plus.
I would definitely stay here again just to save some money from those high hotel rates unless I get a good deal from Mlife.
But you want the full Vegas experience then I suggest to stay on the strip.

Motel pratique et pas cher par rapport aux hotels de luxe de Las Vegas.
Mais par contre c'est un  peu glauque et il faut une voiture pour se rendre dans les casinos.
Attention si vous y prenez une chambre à vérifier que c'est une non fumeur.

I ended up staying here after my pet sitting arrangements fell through and I had to end up bringing my dogs with while my wife was attending a convention.
If you are traveling to Vegas and bringing your dog(s) (which I don't recommend, it just worked out that way this time)...this is the place to stay.
Very friendly front desk staff.
Reasonable rates...free wifi & I don't think they charge a resort fee.
They allow dogs...no size restriction!
The room was pretty basic, but, it was fine this trip.
There was not a lot of noise either.
Easy access to the strip and an easy drive to the convention center.

I've known a couple of people who have stayed here and raved about it!
One being a friend and one being my brother.
I'm not sure if this location is under new ownership or management but I do know something has had to change cause this is NOT the place they described and told me about.
First off there is no continental breakfast as it had back in the day.
They've turned that area into a mix match retro look.
Where people sit and wait to get checked.
Not sure if they are short on cleaning staff, but several people were waiting to be checked in cause rooms were not cleaned.
I had to wait 30 minutes past their check out time.
The rooms are a bit run down.
The hook on the back our bathroom door was barely hanging on (room 3110).
Plus the shower head looks like it had been pulled on cause it was somewhat pulled and loose from the dry wall.
The is barely any water pressure.
I get that most locations in Vegas have poor water pressure, but this was ridiculous.
There is a musk smell in the hall ways and smells like cigarettes in the elevator.
There internet connection is for crap!
You have to constantly call them to reset the router cause it goes down.
After having our room cleaned we were not left new clean towels.
I called and request towels so we could take a show and was told if I want them I had to come get them.
I was like WHAT?
I explained politely that I was not coming to get towels, your staff forgot them please bring them up.
She was like yep, I'll write that up.
They never came.
I called the next morning and they were finally delivered.
Most of the staff I worked with from checking in, to asking about the internet, to needing towels were just on the verge of being rude.
Caught a few employees rolling their eyes and didn't seem like they were happy to be there.
I'm shocked this is a AAA listed location.
Might need an updated inspection for a re-evaluation of their AAA rating!
You can't beat their price only $100 a night, but my next trip to Vegas I will NOT be staying here!

This hotel was great for the price!
It wasn't as spectacular as the fancy hotels on the strip but it was clean, safe and reasonable.
We stayed in room 253 and the only problem with it was the water in the shower didn't drain very well, but that wasn't a big deal.
Also the ice machine on our floor wasn't working but we simply went to the next floor and used the ice machine there.
We stayed here four days, each day when we came back to the hotel in the afternoon our room was clean, and there were fresh towels and soap on the counter.
One day, after leaving our wet toothbrushes laying on soggy plastic baggies, we came back to our room to see the cleaning lady had put our toothbrushes into a little cup on the sink for us.
There was no fridge or microwave, but we were expecting that and brought our own cooler.
Some cool things about this hotel: NO resort fees, it's about a 5-7 minute walk away from smack-dab in the middle of the strip, and the pool/jacuzzi is open 24 hours.
Also, there's a 7-11 next to it open 24 hours, and a small casino (Ellis Island) right downstairs that serves cheap drinks and pizza.
Overall this hotel was much better than I expected and I would recommend it if you are looking to save a lot of money but still be near the strip.

Este hotel de Las Vegas es, posiblemente, el mejor de la zona en relación calidad/precio.
Es MUY barato, su ubicación es estupenda (al lado del Strip) y tiene unos servicios geniales: te recogen gratis en el aeropuerto, hay una piscina abierta 24 horas con jacuzzi, las habitaciones son grandes y con camas enormes y muy cómodas, hay servicio de lavandería por un precio muy bajo...   Al lado hay un casino/restaurante muy barato donde se puede comer por menos de 5 dólares, y todos los hoteles del Strip están muy cerca.
Una muy buena elección si se quiere un hotel asequible y en la zona más visitada de Las Vegas.

I'm not about to have a bitch fit here and write a book about all the pros and cons like some of the reviews on here, however I will say the place was just fine!!
And you do get what you pay for which is a pretty decent-yet cheap place.
I don't know why some of the people on here complain when they know exactly what they are paying for, you want 5 star quality for a low budget price?
Get real!!!
If you want luxury then the start counting your pennies if not, this is the way to go and quit your whining!

Not bad for the price.
Quiet.

Clean, cheap and close to Las Vegas BLVD.
Service when we arrived was good but later on was not as good different person.
Would stay there again tho.

Rolling through the Nevada desert at 10:30 trying to find lodging can be a desperate matter.
That late at night and no reservations, one can't be picky.
The noise, cigarette smells, dirty carpet, and miscellaneous artifacts strewn throughout the hallways (people included), were semi-expected.
Wirey-kinky hairs (yes plural) on the sheets?!
Some sort of smushed bug/hair in the coffee mug?!?!
Those were a little over the top.
Sorry, but this calls for one star.

