We believe that God?s intention for the church is to shape each believer into the image of His Son Jesus Christ and equip him or her for the work of the ministry.
Therefore,we place great emphasis on: The verse-by-verse teaching of God?s Word.
Prayer and Worship.
The development of sincere relationships particularly through our home fellowship ministries.
Raising up a new generation of worshipers,leaders and ministers through our youth ministries,our Pre K-12 Christian School and our School of Ministry.

It's time for me to write some reviews of the churches i've attended since living in Las Vegas full-time ( 2006 )   My church reviews are limited to Sermon attendance on either Saturday, Sunday or Wednesday but primarily Sunday.
Also, another confession - i have yet to "formally" commit to any specific church ( I won't bore you with the details as to why.
)   Calvary is what i would describe as a medium + sized church.
They also have an adjoining school that i believe covers kindergarten to high school.
The sermon's are actually in the basketball auditorium ( except wednesday when they use the chapel/sanctuary)  Saturday - 6 pm Sunday - 9 and 11 am; 6pm Wednesday - 7 pm   Pastor Derek is probably my favorite pastor in Las Vegas - he's a dynamic speaker, the message is strong ( might be too strong for some but it's biblically based ) though at times he might ramble and maybe the occasional tangent but as far as i'm concerned, the guy rocks !
Haven't felt the same strong message from the other pastors.
the music is also inspirational and definitely gets me in the praising mood !
Calvary is a large organization so they have a major presence in Las Vegas, USA and abroad.
Their special programs for Easter, Harvest Festival( Halloween alternative ) , Thanksgiving and Christmas are incredible.
They also are very giving to the community.
Even though I am not a member of the Church, I make an effort to bring food to their pantry which provides food for those in need - it's an amazing service to the community that does not require membership with the Church.
Praise to Pastor Derek and Calvary Church !

One of most spirit filled churches I have ever been part of.
Only reason I don't go there anymore is because I moved out of state.
If you want God's word taught and the gospel shared, go to CCSV.
God is using this church in Sin City for His glory!

The lead pastor, Pastor Derek, knows the Bible front to back and will regularly reference different verses even if that's not the teaching of the day.
The thing about him and all the pastors is that will all this knowledge, they have a way of taking the Word and bringing it to a level to where we can understand the message without changing the Word's meaning.
It's not an interpretation.
The worship team are all excellent musicians and singers.
Coming to the Easter and Christmas services are  inspiring.
Special guests like Third Day will perform here and they hold many programs to help addiction, family problems, and events to benefit the community.
If you wanna really learn the Word of God and be inspired to serve the community, this is a great church to do it at!

Moved out to Las Vegas back in 2010.
This was the first church I visited.
I've tried other churches for location purposes, but found that this is the place where I can totally listen and hear God's message In its full context.
I feel like the leadership is led by The Lord, and that their message is God-centered, love-driven and full of biblical wisdom.

My family just moved to Calvary Chapel and this was the church that I chose for us to go first.
We loved it!
We got greeted by at least three or four people before we even got into the sanctuary and they were very happy ad friendly.
They seemed genuinely glad that we were there.
I even got hugged on the way in!
The message was excellent and the pastor broke down words into Greek and their original meaning to help solidify his point and it really worked.
I was able to get a fantastic message that convicted me too.
Their church is all for service and volunteer work and the want their members to be involved in the church and not just be "pew potatoes" as the pastor put it.
They have a ton of support groups and bible studies too which is definitely a plus!
This may be the only church that we've gone to so far, but I'd say that there's definitely a high chance that we just found our home church.

