ABF U-PACK was the best moving experience we've ever had.
U call them up, reserve one or two containers, give them an arrival time of your choice, and they show up...on time.
Then you fill your containers, call ABF to remove them, and they show up on time!
Same scenario played out at our destination city.
Now for the biggest and best perk of all...they were HALF the price of the PODS quote to move us across country....something about PODS being a franchise and ABF just being a trucking company.
We will use ABF for our next out -of -state move.

ABF is super awesome!
I can't rave enough about this company for out of state moves.
For local moves U-Haul is still the best (cheapest) option but this really was the most cost effective for my 1100 mile move from Vegas to Portland/Vancouverlandia.
Total cost was $849 for one relocube container packed to the brim, although I would suggest paying the additional $400 for door to door service.
If you have to pay to rent a cargo van or U-Haul to get to the abf places, factor in about couple hundred for the rental+gas.
It's easier and maybe only an extra hundred just to pay for door to door - well worth it to save the time and hassle of hauling your sh*t across town twice.
You can also pack/unpack at your leisure.
The office people at both the Vegas and Portland abf centers were ridiculously nice and even pretty funny.
They're super helpful and try to be as accommodating as possible.
The website said you have 3days from departure/arrival to load/unload but both offices were extremely flexible with me.
I also made multiple short notice changes to my departure date online without any penalties.
As you can see in my pic, we purposely packed things in really tight so they wouldn't shift much in transit.
I didn't use uniform size boxes so we used a lot of clothes in trash bags to fill in the gaps and cracks.
There were some serious scrapes on the plastic containers against the walls from even minor shifting due to the weight, so I'd suggest putting blankets between walls and any furniture.
My glass items and mirrors all arrived unbroken but we did pack things pretty well.
I also only brought a couple pieces of furniture, you'd likely need a trailer if you're bringing yours.
The relocube was clean and fits a lot more than I thought.
Don't forget to bring a couple padlocks, although they do have loaners you can use while you buy one at the store.
They dont sell them there, which is silly.
Hopefully I'll love the Northwest and will never have to move again, but I'll definitely use abf again if I do

So after only 9 months in Portland, I decided to move back to Vegas and of course opted to use ABF again after such a great experience in March.
I was smart this time and paid extra for door to door - soooo worth it.
They'll park it anywhere you want in front of your house, and you have up to a week to pack/unpack at your leisure 24/7.
City of Las Vegas doesn't care, but be sure to check whether your other city requires a parking permit for the container (Vancouver, WA did).
$25 for a right of way parking permit is better than a yet another stupid parking ticket.
I moved with furniture this time, so needed a 2nd container - it was under $400 extra.
If you have any doubt that all of your crap will fit into one container, just reserve a 2nd in case.
There's no charge if you don't end up using it, but there is one for them to drop it off on a 2nd trip.
I said it before, and I'll say it again - pack everything as tightly as you can, and use clothes in trash bags to fill any gaps.
Since I could pack and repack at my leisure this time, things were in there TIGHT and everything barely shifted.
Another thousand mile trip with nothing broken!
Everyone on the phone at the Portland and Las Vegas offices (and 800#) were extremely nice, helpful and flexible with changes.
They did same day delivery/pick up both times - depends on their schedule, but shouldn't be longer than the next day after you call.
Only minor issue was that the day of delivery, someone called to say they were 20 min out.
I rushed home, waited for an hour and called the Vegas office when nobody showed up.
Dispatch had no clue who called, and someone came a couple hours later.
Not a big deal and I love them anyway.
I'm determined never to move out of state ever again, but I do recommend ABF to anyone who says they're moving.
Good or bad - if anything is broken, you know it's probably your fault.

Whoops!
This review has been in my drafts for quite some time now.
Since I'm moving to a new home it occurred to me that this review might come in handy for those doing long distance moves.
ABF U-Pack was recommended to me by a friend who did the cross country move to Las Vegas.
I was between PODS and ABF as they seemed like the most economical ways to move my belongings 2500 miles away.
If you're not familiar with the concept, ABF U-pack offers containers, much like PODS but smaller (better for smaller moves), or space on a 28' trailer (better for larger moves).
They will recommend how much space on the trailer you'll need based on how big your home is/how many rooms you're moving.
You can always use as much space on the truck as you'll need, or as little as you'll need with a 5 linear foot minimum, and you'll be charged only for what you use.
You can either load/unload your belongings on either end yourself, or hire someone to do it.
If you hire someone, ABF can make suggestions on companies that source this out across the country, or you can use your own independent movers.
The price seemed steep but as we priced full service moving companies we saw there was no comparison - ABF crushed their prices every time.
At first, we decided on PODS despite their prices being a little higher than ABF.
When we told ABF that we were going with PODS, they came back with a quote that beat PODS significantly and it became a no brainer.
ABF was SO incredibly flexible on the dates and times of drop off and pick up.
Usually they don't pick the trailer up on the same day of drop off but they were able to make it work for us since the roads are narrow and the HOA wouldn't allow any road blockages.
The service over the phone was always friendly and professional both before we signed and after we were set up for our move.
The hitch was with our movers on the loading end.
They were awful.
Smelled like marijuana, bragged about how much space they were going to save us on the trailer (and they wound up using an extra foot than we originally planned on) and so much of our stuff was damaged on arrival.
The success of using one of these do-it-yourself moving solutions lies in your ability to find exceptional, highly experienced movers to load your stuff.
Consequently, our movers doing the unload in Vegas were AMAZING!
On the freight end, ABF's prices were great, the service was terrific, and the whole thing was very easy.
Very much recommend this option if you know of great movers on either end!

