Finding a wedding venue in Las Vegas that doesn't have that "Vegasy" feel is a bit stressful.
We've been to about 5 other venues before I scheduled us last minute to meet with Kathy B. yesterday.
I am so grateful that I did schedule this tour!
The front of the country club is impressive as well as the inside.
The ceremony site has this beautiful fountain and although it's not the best ceremony site that I've seen, its nice enough.
The reception room is large with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the golf course and the water feature.
The "cocktail hour" room has a water feature in the center of the room with a patio area for smokers or those that need a breath of fresh air.
What I liked most about Spanish Trails was that Kathy discussed budget with us an not just the budget about the reception, but about the overall wedding (flowers, cake, dj, etc.
) She was also able customize the reception according to OUR budget.
I feel that she was helping US and not trying sell her venue.
She was able to answer a lot of the questions that we had since we are newbies to this wedding stuff which was extremely helpful.
Kathy also coordinates birthday parties, baby showers, etc.
Overall, Spanish Trails Country Club is on our top 3 possible list and I recommend any bride to be to meet with Kathy for this beautiful wedding location.

Wow...what a beautiful place!
Exclusivity is the name of the game here.
Yet the staff was friendly even tho we obviously didn't look like we belonged to this private club.
Everything here is clean and orderly...just immaculate.
Definitely one of the most beautiful golf resorts I've ever been to.
Attention to detail is tops here - complementary high-end repair tools, markers, bottled water, wet towels, etc.
Of the three 9-hole courses here, we played the Lakes and the Sunrise courses.
Lakes was more difficult with big and expensive houses dotting the narrow fairways.
Sunrise was an easier back nine with much wider fairways but still surrounded by houses.
If you're not a fan of seeing houses on a golf course then this resort might not be for you.
The gorgeous par-3 waterfall hole on Sunrise is simply unforgettable.
Will definitely play here again.

nice course, great service, excellent conditions, not crowded, second time here, will be back

Nice course but I had a misunderstanding with the staff and they could have handled it a lot better so I won't be going back.

Gorgeous club.
Came here to watch a friend play tennis and was a little blown away by that whole area.
Very well maintained, and the competition was organized.
Seating available for watching games, and plenty of room for everyone's bags and gear.
Security was pretty tight, which is standard here from what I hear, but even keeping that in mind and comparing to other comparable-quality clubs, this place is great!
Staff helpful and friendly and more importantly, PRESENT!
Can't believe how easy it was to find someone when I needed to, which isn't so easy at other places.
Also, the bathrooms were surprisingly clean considering the crowd that was there- must have been frequently checked and cleaned.
Great!

I keep reading bout this "Beautiful and immaculately kept course" and from the minute we arrived I never once got the feeling this was going to be a top golfing experience.
Checked in and headed over to the beat up driving range with range balls from god knows how long ago.
Greens we were told were punched a month ago but the practice green was Long / Hairy and downright carpet like.
Played the Sunrise & Canyon 9's the Lakes was not offered to us.
Sunrise was OK if not non descript with fairly plush fairways though greens again were very slow and uneven.
The Canyon 9 you could have taken a bulldozer to this piece of land and nobody would miss it.
Simply stated a browned out mess of 9 holes of golf that had no business being opened to the public.
To the disaster of fairways to the bumpy slow and hairy greens an utter disgrace.
We in the future will be changing out travel dates to avoid any conflict with green aerofication in Vegas during the Spring but in the Interim - Bulldoze that 9 holes you should be embarrased sending people off there.

I saw a few "staff problem" comments.
We had a bad staff experience as well.
Very average public course and grouchy, unprofessional staff.
It's pretty clear that they have some serious problems with the way this course is operated.
Spanish Trail's best days are far behind them.
We will go elsewhere to play golf in the future.

What a great golf course!
I had the pleasure of playing with some colleagues and friends recently.
This golf course was strictly a private course when I left Vegas a few years ago.
Since then, they've had to make adjustments during the economic downturn and have more flexible in allowing non-members to play.
We had a golf outing with a few people in late September.
The weather was so/so....clear skies and nice temperature, but the wind howled during most of the front nine holes, so it was a bit of a challenge.
On the back nine though, weather conditions were perfect and it was much more enjoyable.
There are 3 nine hole courses here.
The day we played, the Lakes course was closed for over seeding, so we played the other 2 courses.
They were fun to play for us average golfers, not too challenging and not too easy.
The course is kept in immaculate shape.
The fairways and greens are perfect.
The day we played, the greens were a bit slow and difficult to read, but those are adjustments a golfer must make.
The clubhouse is very nice and comfortable.
After our round, we had a few drinks before meeting up for dinner later.
I love playing here and will definitely come back.
Return Factor - 100%

This was a fantastic track to play and the conditions were superior.
The course was fair and challenging, hazards on most holes with plenty of sand in play.
The greens were firm and rolling quick, no complaints come to mind.
It will be on my play list for sure on future LV trips.
A nice 20 minute drive from the heart of the strip, easy to get to and no real traffic to deal with.
SKC

At one time Spanish Trail was extremely beautiful, had spectacular up to date facilities, and served incredible food.
It was classy and special.
Things have changed.
Certain times of the year Spanish Trail can be pretty, but they're slow to replace anything dead or overgrown.
Facilities aren't up to date and don't get renovated as often they should.
Things that do get renovated are usually things that don't need to be renovated.
The food is mediocre at best and overpriced.
Just because you enjoyed something this week, it doesn't mean it will be good the next time you order it.
Anything really goes on the golf course, tennis courts and fitness center.
I've seen dogs using the fairway as a bathroom, kids riding their bikes all over the course, and etc.
If you want some classy, special or some incredible experience, then Spanish Trail probably isn't what you're looking for, but if you just want to play somewhere different then Spanish Trail is ok.

