It's in the ghetto (my car got hit in the parking lot with no note and then a questionable guy with tools in his trunk offered to fix the dent for $100) and the building is very old.
Inside looks just as bad but the people are all very friendly and you get exactly what you need.. casino games training.
I went for Blackjack and spent about 80% of the time learning from other students.
Then when I got close to ending my training I was teaching the new students.
It's the only gaming school I have been to so I can't say it's better than any other but I can say the people are all very friendly and you will definitely learn the games.

The WORST school in Vegas.
They put a lot of effort in the website, but the they don't teach you anything.
Teachers are all former dealers that were fired and banned from casinos.
Plus previous comment was right, nobody teaches you anything, you have to teach yourself.
The BIGGEST LIE is job placement assistance!!!
They tell you that when you sign up, but after you graduate, they say if some casino will call asking for a dealer, I'll let you know???
I was there for 4 months and NOT ONE graduate was sent to an audition.
Most students stay there for months without learning anything and go to another school or give up completely.
It's a cheap school, but you get what you pay for.
Don't waste your time and money.
It's a complete SCAM!!

I've been attending Nick Kallos' Casino Gaming school for about three and a half months now.
I have to say, it is a First-Class organization from top to bottom.
The teachers have a combined 200+ years of experience in the Table Games they teach.
They all have different styles and teach you multiple different ways to learn something until it works for you.
The best part about each of them is that they care so much about each individual student, they go to great lengths to make sure you get it, and remain patient the whole time.
I wouldn't put much into the comments below by Monica M.  When you don't put any effort in, a job is not going to fall into your lap.
Nick and all his teachers give you all the tools you need to succeed.
It is then up to you to LEAD yourself and show up to class and KNOW YOUR GAME.
If you do all these good things will happen.
Nick knows everyone who's anyone in Las Vegas.
If he feels you put in the work to become great at your kraft, he will reward you when his friends call him from all over town asking to send dealers there way.
I haven't even completely finished my second game yet and Nick landed me my first job on the Las Vegas Strip!!!
It's unbelievable!!
Attending Casino Gaming School was the best decision I've ever made.
It changed my life.

