I dont know why there are not any reviews of this gem on Yelp as of yet.
They have amazing local reviews.
Anyway, i called them up for an approximate quote.
After dropping off my bike i received a call my bike didnt have the severe damage i thought and it could have had.
I picked it up the next day fixed and PAID LESS THEN QUOTED.!
They even cleaned up my bike, i dropped it off pretty dirty.
SUper nice staff and purely honest.
Siq mechanics.
Thank You.

The staff especially the manager Leilani is really nice and helpful.
Recommend this place for anyone who wants to buy a bike whether you are a novice cyclist or a pro.
You will also have free fitting when you purchase the bike.

Very good service and fairly priced

Great bike shop!
We rented two bicycles from them while in town for a work conference and rode out to Red Rock Canyon.
Great bicycles and great service.
The shop owners even waited around for us for half an hour after the shop closed because we underestimated the ride and were late getting back.
I'll definitely rent from them again next time I am in Las Vegas.
And if I ever move to Vegas it will certainly be my LBC (local bike shop).

I visited Pro Cyclery on multiple occasions.
The shop is impeccably maintained, and the service is top-notch.
I was greeted immediately, and the man behind the counter quickly gathered assistance from the on-duty bike mechanic.
He determined the necessary components for my bike repair and placed a small order for some parts that were not readily available.
A message was left on my phone about a week later indicating their arrival.
Also, the staff is not pretentious, and I found them eager to help a novice with some basic mechanical issues.
Pro Cyclery is certainly a venue worthy of one's patronage.

Emma G.   I'm just starting out and was somewhat intimidated by the process.
I've been to five bike shops in town but this was the first one who provided the exceptional service I wanted and needed.
From the moment I walked in they were friendly and knowledgable.
They took the time to explain what size I needed and why.
When I left I felt like I not only made a great purchase but that they'll be there after as well.
Thank you for making my first experience a wonderful one.

I'm doing my first triathlon in a few days and brought my bike to get checked out, not only were they super friendly  but the bike tech showed me how to do some repairs I was nervous about.
They put on free clinics so like them on Facebook to get the invites - I previously attended their bike maintenance talk and it was very informative.
I am a beginner, I don't even ride a road bike, but they have always treated me with patience and courtesy, something I haven't always experienced.

By far my best experience of all the bike shops I've visited in Vegas.
Everyone is knowledge savvy and courteous.
Highly recommended.

Rented a road bike for 3 days during my convention.
Great staff, great service, they took very good care of me.
Makes renting a bike a pleasure, and the bike shop is great too.
Thanks Guys, come ride in Eagle, Co.  Steve

I came here with my boyfriend a while back to buy bike tape and gloves.
He's a beginning bike enthusiast.
It's a small shop that sells bikes, tools, bike wear, lights, and everything you could need for your bicycle.
Staff was super courteous, knowledgeable, and best of all, honest.
They understood that items were pretty pricey for a beginning hobbyist in-store (picture $50-100 bike seats, $80ish bike shorts), and didn't try to be rude and over upsell anything.
They were patient and informative in answering all of our questions.
Friendly service in walking us around and even gave us a 10% discount for our first visit!!
Definitely a great place to ask questions, chat, and shop local.
Very passionate people working here.
Erring a bit on the pricier side, it beats buying something cheaply made from walmart.
Would definitely come back here!

This is the kind of incredible customer service that makes venturing into a new activity truly exciting instead of intimidating.
I wish I could make the 5 stars twinkle or turn gold, or something to demonstrate that this shop is an little gem for people interested in LV cycling.
I can't believe there are so few reviews submitted but I am not at all surprised they are all 5 stars!
I was a little hesitant about even starting the process of trying to find the right bike for myself, having had serious doubts about whether the cost of a quality bike, difficulty of narrowing the options, and lack of connections to local cyclists would make the process too irritating to enjoy breaking into a new activity.
My boyfriend recently bought a mountain bike, and I wanted to be able to hit the trails with him, but I haven't ridden in years, and I was nervous about fielding all kinds of suspicious questions from pushy salespeople.
I checked out a couple of other local bike stores (because for things like this you always want to support the local shops).
Other stores spanned the range from completely dismissive, to friendly but not-very-informative, to informative but lacking an inventory to offer me the right bike for my interests, and so on.
Pro-cyclery was a perfect fit for me, and during the hours that I spent there, I saw a lot of other happy customers too.
Their staff is all super knowledgeable, many of them former pro riders who were friendly, open to questions, and really informed about the products they carry.
The shop is pretty small, but it is jam packed with great equipment and gear.
Shane is just amazing; he spent so much time with me, going over options and helping me eliminate bikes that weren't for me.
I went in barely able to articulate what I was looking for and where I wanted to ride this hypothetical bike, and I left with the absolute perfect bike set up for everything I want to do.
I had read a lot of reviews on bike models and had some vague notions of what would be best for me, and without dismissing those out of hand, the staff at Pro Cyclery gave me all the information I needed to realize some of my research was leading me astray.
When I had finally selected a bike, he fitted it perfectly to my frame, checked all of my alignment, and then (sadly) more or less had to teach me everything about using the bike.
So, if you are the type that thinks you might not get attention and help if it is glaringly obvious you don't know the first thing about serious cycling, GO TO PRO CYCLERY!
And if you are already super experienced and want to take it to the next level, there were lots of other customers in there getting just that kind of help.
Typically some part of the process of spending this kind of money on something I know next to nothing about makes me feel almost queasy with uncertainty.
This is probably the first time in my adult life I have made a purchase like this and just felt like I had been given the perfect guidance, support, and encouragement to make the right choice.
We live the whole way across town and there is no way I would hesitate to recommend any of my friends to make the trek over there to have the help of the amazing staff at Pro Cyclery.
I feel so lucky to have found this amazing local business.
You guys kick ass!
Thanks for everything!

Last time I had a bike of my own, it had tassels, a banana seat, and I wore my hair in pigtails.
Fast forward 32 years.
I am looking to get more active and thought buying a bike would take me on many new adventures.
After doing some research on styles and prices online, I made my way to Pro Cyclery per the great reviews from on Yelp.
The staff was very friendly and patient with my numerous questions.
They were also knowledgeable about what styles would be the best for my body type and level of activity that I want to pursue.
After about 20 minutes I chose the bike for me and as my luck would have it, the bike was in stock.
After a wait of 20 minutes, my bike was put together and ready to take home.
I decided to get a helmet there as well.
The shop has numerous accessories, but I waited to buy the chain, a new seat, and saddlebag online to get a wider selection.
Overall my experience of buying my very own bike was a positive one thanks to Pro Cyclery.
Who knows, I may buy some tassels to accessorize my new toy.

I rented a bike from Pro Cyclery on a recent visit to Las Vegas.
The experience was first-rate from beginning to end.
They took my reservation over the phone for a day rental of a road bike.
They are able to provide virtually any type of pedal system as well as helmets and a saddle bag with a spare tire and tools, so the only thing you need to bring are your shoes.
The bike was a brand new Giant Defy, full carbon fiber, with Shimano 105 group, fully set up when I walked into the shop.
The bike worked flawlessly, and was a pleasure to ride.
I rode a 41 mile route from their shop to and through Red Rock Canyon - absolutely beautiful ride.
The ride to and from the Canyon was entirely on pothole-free roads with wide bike lanes, making it a pleasure.
The staff  / owners were extremely friendly and helpful, paying particular attention to my fit on the bike, making several adjustments before i headed out.
I took a cab from my hotel to their shop, and they called a cab for me to get back to my hotel.
I have rented bikes from a number of shops around the country, and by far Pro Cyclery made the rental experience the most hassle-free of all of them.
Highly recommended.

These Guys made my day.
I had actually just purchased a new adult BMX days before with damaged hand grips from the manufacturer.
Long story short Pro Cyclery took the time to fix me up, even free of charge.
Awesome service!
Made my day.
Short story long: I wanted to purchase end caps among other accessories for my new bicycle.
After several attempts with bike shops and online retailers I had no luck.
Only some bulky ugly shiny handlebar end caps.
When I walked I to Pro Cyclery I was greeted by a friendly smiling face and offered great service.
I explained my need and he pointed out that he had some end caps that I was welcome to.
Low and behold I found a nice one.
He found the match in a junk pile.
Let me have them free of charge.
Got them home for install and turned out they were absolutely perfect!
!, One of a kind end pieces!!!
He continued to help in a non pushy friendly manner even though they were busy...
Answered some more questions...And as it turns out one of the bike mechanics is actually one of the lead BMX racers in the valley.
How cool is that!!?
I will definitely be back to Pro Cyclery for any rentals, locks, tune ups or accessories I need in the future.
In fact I hope to someday make it back and purchase one of their many nice bicycles.
(No room in the garage right now) Thanks Again Pro Cyclery!!
You Guys are The Best, and really made my day!!

I've been an avid bicyclist most of my life, but my 20's happened and got in the way.
So after ten years out of the game I began shopping.
I'll spare the horror stories from other shops in town and just focus on how awesome the folks at pro cyclery are.
Having a strong mountain biking background and not actively cycling in a decade, my expertise on road bikes was pretty much nonexistent.
My girlfriend enjoys road biking so I figured that's the direction I'll go.
Shane, Eric and David not only filled my brain with new fun information, they actually took the time to assist me through all the annoying newbie questions folks at other shops didn't seem interesting in answering.
Prices are good and comparable to most places I've looked.
Free bike personalization with purchase.
Shane spent about an hour tweaking minute aspects of the bike to fit my body.
If you want a bro bike shop where people aren't helpful, go to McGhie's.
If you want legitimate assistance from genuine people who actually give a damn, head to pro cyclery.

This is a bike shop totally interested in customer satisfaction.
I purchased a pair of capri type bike pants that go over my knee on 10/31/13.
I decided that I didn't like my knees covered and never took the tags off.
On 5/2/14 I brought the pants, with my receipt, back to Pro Cyclery.
I was extremely surprised at how gracious they were in processing my return.
I left the store with 2 new pairs of shorts which I am anxious to try out this weekend.
They have a great selection of cycle clothing and gloves and they want you to be happy.

This company is FANTASTIC!
My husband rode in the tour de cure this morning and realized his back tire had a gash in it.
The pro cyclery had a quick maintenance setup with tires and tubes!
Not only did they turn him around in 5 minutes, but they also billed me on "the honor system".
It's so nice to meet a group of great people willing to help and put some faith in the honesty of good people.
Thank you pro cyclery, you made my husbands ride today possible.

Best bike shop in the world!!
My buddies and I were passing through the area on our way to Moab, UT.
We had just ridden the South Cottonwood Loop in Red Rock Canyon.
I am actually from PA and flew to Vegas bike and all, got to the trailhead and found that my rear free hub was not working properly.
I was able to do the ride, but with several days of riding planned in Moab I had to get my bike fixed ASAP.
We found Pro Cyclery on Yelp and gave them a shot.
The planets were aligned that day - it turns out they are also a Giant dealer which is the make of my bike.
Long story short I was in and out in under an hour and they were able fix my bike under warranty.
Everyone there was as friendly as could be and saved me money, time and probably a few rides out here.
We just rode the infamous Amasa Back trail today and the new rear hub worked flawlessly.
I cannot thank them enough for saving my trip.
If I am ever in the area again I will stop in to say hi.
Thanks again!

This is the best bike shop in Vegas.
It's all about getting you and your bike back on the trail.
Awesome!
They also rent bikes and are near the red rock canyon area where 3 miles of smiles trail is a must.
Eat at Hush Puppy across the street for the best catfish, snow crab legs and ribs.

I love this place.
Friendly, knowledgable, and courteous.
I will always buy something if I take up people's time and thus have bought a couple items because I have done a little research about buying used bikes.
It's a smaller shop so, it felt very personable.
I could tell that most if not all employees are riders in one form or another.
The only reason I did not give them a 5 star rating is that although I had bought a couple (actually a bit more than a couple) items from them I was not aware that they gave a 10% discount if you mentioned that you rode with a particular group (I will not disclose cause I want people to find out on their own).
I know I bought a couple items from them while wearing such group's paraphernalia on.
It wasn't till just recently that I learned (through an employee) that my group got such discount.
I will still shop here but they are not the sole owner of my business.

