Surprisingly enough, these were actually good chocolates.
I'd seen the ads for them, but never got the chance to taste them and when I finally did, they were not a disappointment.
There is a good depth to the chocolate.
The solid milk/dark chocolate bars are perfect for satisfying a chocolate craving...they don't have that preservative/waxy taste you usually find in non-quality chocolates.
The truffles and specialty chocolates are great since there are a good number of options and they are well balanced with the chocolate (such as peanut butter or even a beer infused truffle).

Perhaps I'm being a little generous giving Ethel's 4 stars.
Sure, I've had better chocolate.
See review for Chocolate Dreambox.
But, the fact is that Ethel's is in the airport.
And I just happened to be stuck at that airport for 6 hours.
So when I saw "Ethel's Chocolates" in the Terminal C airport directory, I got pretty excited.
Perhaps even dementedly ecstatic.
I spent a good 15 minutes poring over which of the many varieties of chocolate were destined to grace my box of 12.
So many to choose from and picking each one was a life changing decision at that moment.
Honey truffle, cinnamon truffle, creme brulee, espresso truffle, peanut butter and jelly, strawberry sonata - you get the idea .
it was tough!
Best 15 minutes I spent in that airport.
Were these chocolates mind blowing?
No.
But they were good and Ethel's managed to distract me for 15 chocolate engrossing minutes.
Then it was back to the Las Vegas refugee camp aka Terminal C.

These are really good.
I am a picky chocolate eater -- I don't like bad chocolate.
I would rate these right up there with Lake Champlain (my husband likes these even better).
I think their dark chocolates are really great.

Expensive, but delicious!
Goes great with delays or layovers!
;)  The peanut butter bar was my favorite, I think it was $3.00.

Truffles at an airport?
Only in sin city!
On our way to Florida, my wife and I had a brief layover at the McCarran International Airport, in Las Vegas.
Since my wife and I had each eaten three bags of salty peanuts on the flight, we were in desperate need for something sweet.
We were originally going to just buy some candy at one of the small stands, when we happened to come across Ethel M Chocolates.
This high end candy shop is located in the C terminal of this airport.
Ethel's is a house hold name in LV, with many shops scattered around Nevada.
Right when we walked into this shop, my wife and I were both given free samples of their delicious white chocolate truffles.
After devouring those samples in seconds we decided to purchase a few of their expensive gourmet truffles.
This is what we left the shop with;   Two PB&J Truffles  Key Lime Pie Truffle  Salted Caramel Truffle  Pina Colada Truffle  Dark Chocolate Almond Truffle   All of these truffles were phenomenal, especially the PB&J ones, which were like little chocolate PB&J sandwiches.
The woman working at Ethel's was super friendly and was more than happy to answer any questions we had about their treats.
Besides truffles, Ethel's also sells fine chocolates, gourmet candy bars and more.
The prices here a really high but what else would expect from truffles.
If I ever find myself in the McCarran International Airport again, you better believe I'm going to stop by Ethel's and pick up some of her delicious truffles.
However, until that day comes, I will just fantasize about them.
DAMN those PB&J's were delicious!

Love these little gems....it's my first stop for indulgence once I land in Sin City for a weekend of vices!
LOL!
The dark chocolate is much better than the milk and there are some filled with the most luscious liqueurs.
I bring these as souvenirs to my nieces and nephews all the time.
Not sure why I'm never asked to babysit anymore.
Anywho, get chocolates and get drunk ---- need I say more?

Great stuff if you can afford their prices.

I was debating whether or not I should make a purchase.
First of all, airport truffles?
Second, "Vegas chocolate... made in Vegas!
" was not exactly a selling point.
"Chocolate" is not what comes to mind when I think of Sin City, so what did that even mean??
Third, after my man had fed me delicious food for the past 3+ days, I felt like I was beginning to waddle a little.
Did I really need an entire box of truffles?
All of that went out the window after I saw the high ratings on Yelp.
Five minutes before boarding time, I walked back into the shop.
Per the recommendations on Yelp, I ended up building my own little box of heaven: peanut butter and jelly (dark and milk), coffee liquor, lemon, raspberry, espresso, sea salt caramel (dark and milk), dark chocolate, and milk chocolate truffles.
I forgot what other liquor I had picked, and the flavor of the last truffle.
I must've been purchasing some pricey chocolate lately, because I thought the 12-piece for $21 was fair.

Perfectly ripe chocolate strawberry, then again, it better be for 5$!
Nonetheless, the milk chocolate swirl coating was just as good as it looked.
The espresso truffle was crunchy and the filling was silky smooth without being super sweet like other ones I've encountered.
Perhaps the pricing is appropriate as I would have eaten far too many of these otherwise.
All that being said, it's hard to go wrong with chocolate, especially at this price point, it's best to share these with someone to take advantage of the fancy wrapping and presentation.

Got time in the airport?
Monkey know you do...  Get chocolate!
Take the free sample and buy the CHOCOLATE COVERED PEANUT BRITTLE.
You will thank yourself later.
Service is nothing but friendly and helpful.
Not cheap, but terrific quality.
Invest in your flight crew with Ethel M's...  A little kindness goes a long way!

I may or may not intentionally try to schedule my layovers in Las Vegas just for these gourmet chocolates.
Regardless, I manage to always stop by this place whenever I have a layover at this airport.
I recommend trying the toffee chocolates, the dark sea salt caramels, and the fruit truffles.
They can get a little pricey after you order a few, at $2 each but they're well worth it.
So, after you win a bunch of money from the slot machines in the airport, head on over to Ethel M Chocolates and splurge.
Go into a chocolate coma.
That is all.

Not your standard airport food.
They'll give you a sample of the milk, white and dark chocolate upon entering the store and you'll pretty much be hooked after that.
The staff was very sweet (har-har); however, the prices are a touch ridiculous but not out of the Vegas realm I guess.
The raspberry filled dark chocolates are very good but the PB&J-filled truffles are ill-advised.
If I find myself back here I hope to try the chocolate cherries.

Eats: White chocolate, milk chocolate, dark chocolate, and dark chocolate truffle.
Price: $2 per piece Service: Ethel M employees were friendly and patient, especially since we were taking our time to browse their variety.
Takes: Ethel M chocolates are definitely delicious.
They have everything from milk, dark, and white chocolate to alcohol infused chocolates.
However, at $2 a piece, most pieces are bite-sized too, I'm not sure they are worth the price.
Indulgence, why not, but the more practical side of me says to pass.
Location: McCarren Airport near Gate 11.
Bottom line: Is money not an issue?
Go here for your indulgent chocolate fix.

its my sisters fault that we ended up here.
she loves chocolate.
we each had a sample (raspberry filled dark and milk).
the woman helping us was very patient.
my sister ended up getting a 16 piece box for $28.

This is some of, if not, the best chocolate and peanut brittle on the planet!
If you come to Vegas you gotta try it.
And if you don't agree it's the best send it my way.....I'll get rid of for you.

Upscale chocolatier I found at McCarren AIrport.
It's an attractive and beguiling little shop.
It does a good job of tempting innocent travelers as they pass by.
It features nice packaging and very nice and friendly and patient customer service.
Also -- a BIG plus -- it features a very nice variety of No Sugar Added chocolates!
Huzzah!
I'll definitely stop by Ethel M's the next time I'm cruising through McCarran's.

Next time I buy a plane ticket, can you PLEASE remind me to take into account the cost of a hand packed 48 piece box of chocolates from Ethel M's?
Because if I go through Vegas on that future flight, I will be dropping $50 on a box of chocolates, no matter what I may tell myself.
Ethel M is my wife's favorite chocolate place.
And what kind of good husband would I be if I didn't get my wife everything I can that she loves?
So for those of you who have never had Ethel M's I would say try them.
If you aren't broke and can afford the hand packed 48 piece, it's the best deal they got going.
Just do it.
Go crazy and get all the alcohol barrel ones, get all the cool cocktail ones.
Then get that salted caramel one that so many people love.
Just get it all and then get some more.
Its good.
The one negative here is the reality check that bounces when you eat your 5th piece and feel like you are gonna turn into a human chocolate bar.
So ease up and enjoy that box for a few weeks to come...unless your wife get's ahold of it.
Then, just enjoy what you had that first day.
Oh and if you are worrying about parking for this business....don't worry, the pilot already valet parked it for you.

Oh how I love you, Ethel M's!
Your chocolates are truly worth every penny.
I love grabbing some Ethel M's chocolates when I am in Vegas.
It just isn't a trip to Vegas without taking something home to share (or not share) from Ethel M's.
I love to create my own box and add all my favorites like the milk chocolate truffles, pb&j, and sea salt caramels.
This time, I picked up a large box of assorted truffles for my in-laws for watching my doggies.
I am hoping they will love this gift, as they love everything chocolate.
This place is wonderful because it's easy to grab something for yourself, but also a great place to take home a delicious souvenir that doesn't say "Vegas" on it.
Plus, who wants a shirt that says "Vegas" on it as a souvenir when you could have delicious chocolates??
Make sure to stop by and ask for a sample to see what you like.
The staff is always extremely helpful and friendly.

I cannot visit Vegas without stopping by to say hello to my friend Ethel.
She's such a dependable amiga, always ready to make me chocolotta happy.
Seriously, this is the best chocolate ever!
The first time I tried some, I took home a box of liquor-filled treats intended to be a gift for a friend who fed my kitties - but when I got off the plane, somehow the box was empty and I had nothing to declare at customs!
Since then I've learned better and save some of my moola for indulging.
Don't be tempted by those tight slots at the airport - get yourself some Ethel M instead -it's no gamble that it'll be delicious!

