I think this is the first hotel review I've ever done...I usually limit myself to restaurants.
This hotel was VERY good to me.
I constrain my elation with the realization that this is simply a Hampton Inn so I'll try not to make it sound like the Ritz Carlton.
:-)   With that disclaimer, very clean rooms, standard but good breakfast, extremely nice and hospitable staff, and on occasion they do really nice stuff like give a free 'taco night'.
On a tight budget, this is really welcome.
Also, the location is very good if you are here on business.
It's nowhere near the strip and there is nothing strip-like to do in the neighborhood, but it has some great restaurants close-by (note my other Las Vegas reviews from not-on-the-strip).

While we had hoped to stay on The Strip for our stay back in September even though it wasn't a leisure trip, we ended up staying at this Hampton Inn because all of the hotels on the strip were ridiculously priced and we really couldn't justify spending that much.
This hotel was located in a pretty quiet neighborhood and was fairly new.
The room was clean and suited our needs well, though it was nothing particularly special.
The next night we stayed at a Holiday Inn in Henderson which was definitely nicer for around the same price.
The breakfast here was convenient for people like us who were in a rush to leave in the morning, but the eggs were kind of gross.
I've noticed that mass-prepared eggs can either be gross because they're too watery or because they're too dry.
These were the too dry kind, and I was a bit disappointed since I was looking forward to having eggs.
This is not an ideal hotel for your typical "Vegas" trip, but if you're here on business or just passing through town then this is a reliable place to stop off for the night.

I travel every week and stay almost exclusively at Hampton Inns.
As far as a normal non casino place to stay in Vegas it fits the bill.
I was a bit bothered by the fact that the back door did not lock but I mentioned it to the front desk and they had it fixed by the end of the day.
The TV reception and channel choices are poor, but I suppose most folks come to Vegas to do things other than watch TV.
The rooms are a bit weary and aged but clean.
As mentioned in other reviews, you are right next to the freeway on one side of the building.

First time stay in here, I was impressed.
Clean room, comfortable atmosphere and courteous staff...its value is beyond my expectation.
Highly recommended!!

This is the 5th Hampton Inn we have stayed in.
Perfect location for us.
WAY OFF THE STRIP but close to Santa Fe Station.
Also close to Mountain View Hospital.
Very clean, courteous staff.
Pool is small but nice.
Will stay at again when my go-to hotel is full.
Very pleased.
Good breakfast.
For the price, worth it!

After our horrible experience at Santa Fe Hotel we came here.
Judy at the front desk is the nicest person.
She made us feel so welcome and gave us a nice room.
We were so pleased in how super clean this place is.
Our room immaculate.
After having a nice dinner out we came back to fresh baked cookies and delicious hot coffee.
If I come to this part of Vegas again I am definitely staying here.

The Hampton Inn is a nice clean place to stay.
Like others have said it is far off the strip.
Don't think about taking a taxi here to the strip, that would cost you a fortune.
If you have a car, it's not a bad drive at all.
It might take 20 minutes to get to the strip from here.
I stayed here a couple weeks ago with a buddy of mine and the rooms were nice and clean and comfortable.
The price was very reasonable and the place was quiet which allowed for a good night's sleep.
The staff was friendly and the free breakfast was a great way to start the day and then hit the road.
Good show folks.
Will I be back?
Sure...
I like this place.

Not the greatest Hampton Inn.
I personally love the Hampton product but this location is bit for me.

Something really weird was going on the week we were there.
It seems they got rid of all of their professional, service-minded staff and brought in some people off the street to act as staff, or maybe they recruited them from a prison yard.
They seemed to be partying with their friends; they were loud and obnoxious and just goofing off to the point where no one wanted to come to the front desk.
The girls in the pantry were really loud and yelling in another language in front of all the diners.
Why did they have the pantry door propped open so the guests could hear all of their nonsense?
I didn't see anyone in Hampton Inn uniforms either.
One employee was wearing a party hat.
What the heck is going on here??
These were not trainable people.
There is no way they would understand the phrase "customer service" or "guest experience.
"  Where is the Manager?
Where is the District Manager?

