I've been going to Dr. Maria for about four years now.
I like that I can get adjusted and a massage all in one place.
Dr. Maria has a lot of patience especially with me because I always tense up whenever it's time to get my neck cracked.
She'll get me to relax by asking me about my shoes and boom it's done.
It feels so much better after wards.
She also has a masseuse Julie on sight who gives great deep tissue massages.
They also do ultrasounds on your neck which really helped me after my accidents.
I was skeptical at first about how going to a Chiropractor would help my back injuries but two car accidents later and I feel that I can cope with my injuries without the use of pain medication.
Krisite at the front desk is also great about hooking you up to a machine or a massage chair if the Doctor isn't quite ready for you.
The whole practice is very warm and personable and I don't feel like just another number here!

A few years ago I was in a car accident, I was referred to Dr. Maria.
She looked at me and began with a plan.
My posture was jacked up - along with my back.
Over they years I have been able to fix my posture with her help.
Even today, I saw her she noticed my hips were out of whack.
She started doing something different I told her my hip was hurting.
She told me she knows and to do what she was saying (using different words of course).
To be quite honest I really don't like doctors (who does, until you need one) , one of my exceptions would be Dr. Maria.
I believe chiropractors play a valuable role just like internal doctors, neither one can do the others job.
Together can fix just about any issue you have if caught early enough.

It truly doesn't get better than Dr. Maria.
I have been treating with her for over 3 years and she is the best!!
She is knowledgeable and she is very caring and spends time to answer your questions or concerns.
They also offer massage and her staff is amazing.
You never have to wait long for your appointment and they take care of all of your needs.
At Dr. Maria's office your not just a number she takes time with you and she truly cares.
If you want the best you will find it here.

