I'm relocating to Vegas in 7/12.
I looked at apprx 10 different apt complexes that I found online.
I chose San Tropez because of the complex was great location, the gym, the view I will have and the price was reasonable.
However, if I had found a different complex with the exact same likings I would have NEVER signed a lease here.
The reason is NOT the apt complex but the front desk leasing specialist that assisted me her name was Helena _____.
She was RUDE to my family who i flew in to Vegas to assist with choosing an apt.
She was rushing us, not approachable and once again very rude to my Parents.
I should have walked out right then and there but I had been looking for 2 days straight and i had to leave town the next morning.
I told myself I probably won't have to deal with her and signed.
HOwever, I called the corporate office and spoke to a Julie_______ she was very friendly, apologized for my experience and has given me the comfort of taking the time to look into the situation.
I hope Julie is able to talk to the person we dealt with and better the situation because San Tropez should not lose future tenants because of leasing specialists.
Once I move in I will be sure to give YELP my feedback on my experience.

I've been here apprx.
7months now and I do like the apt complex thus far.
The lady that was very rude I have not seen a few months after I moved in, so all I can assume is she no longer works there.
The people in the front office are pleasant to work with.
If I have any MX issues they are available to come and fix it within 24hrs.
Since being out here and seeing friends apts there are definitely newer apt complexes available but I cannot complain about this place.

She is rude.
And this is a way overpriced community.
900-1120 a month rent in vegas should get you a four bedroom house not some over played box with families and kids banging over your head.
Its gotta be the biggest rip off around.

I have been living here for 3 months.. Had a problem with my dryer a few times and they replaced it with a beautiful new unit that works wonderful!!
The grounds are really beautiful and the apt is so roomy and beautiful!!
So happy we decided to move here while we build our new house

