Yuck....dry bread, over cooked meat, no flavor.
The crappiest part, somehow it added up to 20 bucks.
I'm so bummed.
I had to eat it though...I was starving....I'm guessing I would have been more satisfied if I ate my $20 bucks instead.

So disssapointing, the bread was dry, and the meat portiion was very small.
The price was ridicoulos $10 for the combo of a med drink, sanwhich, and old fries.

Moment of weakness.
They got my simple order wrong.
No flavor.
And the cheese part o the Philly Cheesesteak is practically MIA.
Avoid unless you just want to burn money.

Daaamn, what's with all the hate?
Granted I don't know much about Philly Cheesesteaks, but my sandwich was still very good.
The bread wasn't dry at all, and the sandwich had good portions of meat and grilled onions along with the cheese wiz.
Only complaint was that it was pretty expensive.
But it IS in a tourist trap food court, so they're gonna milk you for as much as they can.

My eyes saw philly cheesesteak, my stomach growled yes, then my legs took me there.
A mindless decision on my part.
A hint of buyer's remorse trickled up upon checking in on Yelp, then came in a raging torrent of disappointment after taking the first bite.
Never knew it was possible to have such bland food.
There was no flavor in the bread, meat, onions, or peppers at all, not even in the hot sauce that I added!
Were they allergic to salt and spices?
I swear I didn't know better, but now I do.

Stopped by here last weekend and wasn't too impressed at all.
Sandwich was just alright and fries were nothing to really savor.
I had a small sandwich, fries, and drink that came out to be a little over $10.
I think i would expect a little better since this is Fashion Show Mall but I guess not every place sets high standards.

What an awful experience it was eating at this place.
The cashier had poor listening skills and no patience in taking orders.
You get no cheese in this cheese steak.
As the other reviewers stated, their food is bland.
Should gave gone to Wendy's just in the next stall.

