Moved here on a whim.
Was supposed to move into the sister property called Sahara West, but that place had lots of bugs so they moved us here.
This place rocks!
The employees in the office and the men who work the maintenance are always friendly, on time & dependable.
We've lived here a couple months and the few problems we've had they've fixed right away.
Such as; the window not wanting to open.. [no im not weak, there was a screw stuck] & the fridge missing a shelf.. [from the previous owner].
Love that the pool and gym are open 24 hours a day.
Thats very convenient.
Especially living in vegas when some people work during the day and night time is the only time they have to do anything.
OR its nice ot just take a midnight swim and know that no one will be there.
There are 3 pools and spas, so take your pick!
Only one is heated though, but it being summer thats not a problem.
This neighborhood is very quiet.
We can't hear any traffic and the neighbors are respectful.
Mind you we are on the second floor and all of our neighbors have at least 3 young kids with pets.
The views from the apartments are beautiful.
We face trees and rocks and it feels very private.
All units come with a one car or two car garage.
Thats great for storing items or parking your car inside.
They're pretty spacious too!
So far so good, I will update when our lease is up.

Very friendly office staff and clean grounds, pools and new fitness room.
Trees and quiet feeling made this my choice.
There are monthly events for tenants and free dvd rentals from the office.
We re moving in for a short trm rental which was difficult to find in Vegas.

So here's my update.. We are going on our third lease.
We've renewed it multiple times so that alone is a good sign.
After three years living here they've replaced our washer and drier.
It was holding water and shook while in spin cycle.
The staff is still exceptional, they know us by name, especially davery rocks!
All maintenance continues to be quick and courteous.
They're always sweet to my daughter who've they seen grow up before they're eyes.
The apartments just had some intense construction done.
All new roofs for the entire complex and reprinting the roads.
So for all the parking issues they are bringing in a pizza truck to make fresh pizzas to order for all residents.
That's not all though..
There's always something monthly to do.
Ice cream socials, waste egg hints, Santa visiting, donut days, father and Mother's Day give always.
Monthly drawings for people who pay rent before the first.
There are now two heated pools out of three.
Also.
two months ago we fot a brand new mail room thats enclosed and makes you feel safe.
it has cameras and its own parking spots.
Six months ago they renovated the gym and it has all new equipment.
The only problem we've ever had with our neighbors was a domestic disturbance once and I ha to get involved and call the cops.
Anyway, everyone is friendly and keeps to themselves.
No, dog issues.
Everyone picks up after their dogs and if they don't a staff member cleans up once every few days just be be sure

Very clean, quiet & new apartments!
I never ever hear my neighbors & the maintenance staff always shows up within the same day.
The owners are committed to the place, as evidenced by them having all the roofing in the complex redone this summer & upgrading the gym equipment.
Love my apt!
:-)

Having lived here for about a month now, I think it's finally time for me to write a review.
My girlfriend and I just moved from New York, and almost all of our apartment hunting was done online.
I had a friend in the area who could go and look at some places for me, but I didn't want to ask unless I was almost sure that's where we wanted to live.
After tons of research on Yelp, and apartment ratings.com amongst other sources, I narrowed the places down based on feedback about things like management.
I actually made a spreadsheet.
Haha it was pretty thorough.
For me, having brand-new amenities and apartment buildings is nice, but if you don't have amazing management to back things up and to give you a smooth experience while you live there... You're likely going to end up unhappy.
What makes it even harder, is that practically every apartment building in Las Vegas has a lot of complaints about it, or at least SOME complaints.
However, rating an apartment isn't like rating a restaurant, and I found many reviews to be useless because it was of one bad experience they had.
Crystal Cove was one of the few places I found that seemed to have a virtually spotless reputation online.
Even in the not recommended reviews on yelp, everything people said was generally very positive.
This and Altessa were our top 2 options, so I contacted both and tried to figure out pricing and what the situation would be.
I chose Crystal Cove for a variety of reasons.
1) Value - the 900 some square feet that Crystal Cove offered me was only $909 per month.
Altessa quoted me something in the $1050 range I believe, and I don't think it included trash pickup fees.
Over a year, that would add up to some great savings.
2) Garage - included in the value, but very very very very important, is the garage.
Crystal Cove gives you a garage for free included in your rent.
Read that sentence one more time.
In the summer heat, I cannot stress how awesome this is, and in most places they charge you upwards of $100 for the same luxury.
This is all good to go, and my god am I glad to have it.
3) Community - Altessa was a little farther west than we would like to be, although I see now it wouldn't have been a big deal at all.
However what really sold me about this community, was reviews that consistently mentioned great management, and even checking out their Facebook page.
They listed community events, such as things to do for Easter, Mother's Day, things like that.
The fact that they actually made an effort to create some sort of community within the apartment buildings really spoke volumes to their attitude as management.
4) Ownership - We were also told Lewis was a family owned real estate place that only had a handful of properties, and they were constantly updating them to make them a great place to live.
On Yelp, I saw that they had just updated their fitness center, and we were told they were building a brand new clubhouse right at that moment.
Seems like they really put their money where their mouth is, and investing in quality like that is truly invaluable.
5) Apartment location - what I absolutely love about Crystal Cove, is that many many apartments seem to be located over garages.
Typically your garage and maybe a neighbors garage is underneath your apartment.
This is what really sealed the deal for me.
The woman I spoke with, Nancy, informed me they had a two bedroom two bath above my own garage available.
Since buildings are only two story, this meant nobody above, nobody below.
Privacy.
In an apartment.
It's amazing.
We can jump up and down, exercise, play music, run the dishwasher, do whatever we want... And don't have to live that apartment life of "omg do you think we are disturbing other people?
"  We also weren't too keen on ground floor, because we both are tiny bit paranoid about bugs.
So those were the major reasons for us.
You get more for price, the management cares a about the community and takes care of it, and the 2nd floor with a garage is just unbelievably convenient.
Since we have moved in, the manager Penny has been super accommodating and helpful, and answers my emails with quick questions almost instantly.
The gym and pool are nice, not amazing, but nice.
The pools are pretty tiny, but the gym at least has all new equipment.
I am very grateful for that, and I get I good workout there.
Will post pictures.
(Of the equipment lol)  The neighborhood itself is great, we are within walking distance to Walgreens, CVS, and Fresh & Easy.
I can't even say how convenient this is.
Not only does it encourage me to get a tiny bit of exercise by walking and carrying my groceries, but fresh and easy has some awesome clearance deals and everything there is so fresh and healthy.
It's about a 15 minute drive to the strip.
I'll update my review in the next 6 months or so!
Nicole G answered my questions about this place too, which I am very grateful for.
If you have ANY questions, don't hesitate to message me!

