If my car wasn't under warranty I wouldn't take it there, but since it is.....I'm kind of stuck.
It seems like it's always something with them.
Just today we took it in for an oil change.
The service guy tells my husband that all four tires need replacing.
My husband knows that can't be right because 2 of them only have a few thousand miles on them.
Then my husband gets the receipt for the oil change and on the detailed inspection report that comes with it, all four tires were checked and marked with "Green - 7/32 or Greater", the best marks you can get.
But yes, let's replace all four nearly perfect tires.
DUMB!

After noticing a heavy gas smell in our garage we contacted Volvo.
It was explained that our fuel pump my be malfunctioning.
We discovered that there was a recall on these particular fuel pumps and again contacted the dealership.
They said we were not covered within the recall and would have to pay for service.
Petitioned Volvo headquarters.
They in turn contacted Volvo Las Vegas to fix the cracked fuel pump in our car.
We pointed out the recall again but they claim that even though the problem occurred in our particular model and year and in the state claimed, our vin number is not covered under this recall.
Our service is limited to an extended warranty that surprisingly ended just months ago.
We took vehicle to a reputable mechanic familiar with this particular problem and he verified that it is indeed the fuel pump mentioned in recall that has cracked and is causing an extremely dangerous fire hazard.
Again spoke to Volvo and they refuse to fix this issue.
They refuse to even look at the vehicle unless we pay $139.
The general manager at Volvo Las Vegas, claims this issue will not cause any sort of fire danger and he's never seen any issue with this leak.
He said that the car is built so that the gas will not pool but "drain" out of the car.
Apparently gasoline draining from the car is not considered to be dangerous.
When our vehicle was inspected the fuel was pooling under the passenger seats and in particular under my three year olds car seat.
We have photos and documents.
At this point we have no other option but to have the repairs made and pay.
We've chosen to have the work done at another shop as we do not trust this the Volvo dealership.
They have been extremely underhanded and dishonest in all of our dealings.
Volvo is very much aware of the problem.
If they weren't, then the 2001-2005's would not have been recalled.
I'd have no problem paying for a repair if that repair needed to be done because of wear and tear.
However, when it comes to a defect in the design and or manufacturing process it is the responsibility of the company to correct.
The age of the vehicle has nothing to do with the fact that the plastic flange cracks in extreme heat.
This should have been taken into account before the car was sold.
Volvo owners beware.
This company refuses to fix a potentially deadly issue with their product.
I hope there can be some solution before someone is hurt or worse.
If you are having the same issue or similar problems with this company please contact and file a complaint with the NHTSA 1-888-327-4236 The Federal Trade Commission 877-382-4357 Better Business Bureau and your states Attorney Generals office.
Good luck and stay the hell away from this place.

Volvo of Las Vegas, you are the BEST!!!
I've been a customer of Volvo of Las Vegas  since 2005 when I purchased  my brand new S40, and I've had nothing but above and beyond customer service from LaRoyne Brown!!
My car 7yrs later is still running like brand new!
I've always kept up with all my maintenances, thanks to Volvo for sending me my reminders that it's time for service!
My next car will be another Volvo and I will stick to them like glue for the wonderful customer service I've always received from this great company!
Volvo of Las Vegas, you are the BEST!!!
Thank you.

I regret 5 stars is the limit, Volvo of Las Vegas deserves 6.
I've been a customer for five years, bought two cars from them, love the Volvo brand, but even if I didn't, I'd want to be a customer of their service department.
All of the service advisers are knowledgeable, helpful, and honest,; all are credible and look out for their customers.
But George Caudill is obviously a guy who loves his job, and takes pride in being of service to customers.
He truly makes a difference and is the dealership's greatest asset.
I've owned Volvos for many years, but until Volvo of Las Vegas, I never truly believed the service department had my best interests in mind when recommending  service.
Yea, it's guys like George (the others are very good too), but I suspect it comes from the dealership itself, in their training, policies and expectations of their employees.
I love my Volvo, but I even love the service department that keeps it running like new, even more.

Always great service.

Buying experience was fine, howeer, once you buy a car here, they get your money and service is a joke.
All I want is a stupid copy of my bill of sale because I can't find my paperwork (yes, know that's my fault).
I've call 5-6 times and even talked to the sales manager who told me if I called him back on a Monday after 11:30 that he'd show me how good the service is.
Conveniently, I now can't get a hold of him, just his voice mail.
Folks, this isn't tough and I'm not unresonable, I'm the one that can't find my paperwork, but really?
After spending 40K+ you can't fax me a darn bill of sale?
What happens if there's something wrong with my car?
Next time, I'll drive to Ontario Volvo in California, they sold me my first 2 Volvo's and I should have never give Volvo of LV a chance.
Won't make that mistake again.
I'll take my money to people that believe in reasonable customer service.

I recently bought a Nissan maxima from this dealership and had a couple Scratches that were visible on the door.
I brought it to the attention of the salesman and he put it on the due bill to be fixed.
I had scheduled my appt for a couple weeks later and debbie M and the manager LaRoyne Brown had helped set me up.
When I arrived the initial appt was thought to be a couple hours so I figured they had wifi and I could hang there till it was done.
When the paint guy was able to look at it we then found out that it would probably be an all day ( as the paint had to dry) LaRoyne then set up a rental car for me to use for the day ( free of charge)  I thought that was very kind and it was great to just have the dealership do the right thing.
;0)

As a single woman, shopping for a car is always a very stressful and nerve wracking experience.
But this was the first time in my life where I truly felt at ease.
I went in upside down on a loan from my 2007 Nissan Altima.
I was hoping to trade it in for something similar and in my price range but a little newer and in better condition.
I never in my life expected to be walking out with a Mercedes!
Due to some credit problems in the past, I always felt luxury cars were out of reach for me, but a very knowledgeable and friendly salesman helped me understand that I could get a nicer car for not much more than I was already paying.
They really went to work for me and were able to give me a good trade-in value, a low interest rate and the most amazing car I could ever dream of owning!
Highly recommend anyone looking for a higher-end used car to try Volvo.
If I could give this dealership 10 stars I would!
Great customer service, experienced staff, and several nice cars to choose from.

Wonderful customer service and great inventory selection.

I'm not really into volvos but they have a pretty good selection of used cars.
The staff seems pretty legit too.
I'll definitely go back for my next car.

While on a rode trip, my front driver side wheel was making some squeaking noise.
I took my 1998 Volvo v70 to them for service.
I recently found out from my trusted local mechanic that Volvo of Las Vegas used a cheap Made in China wheel bearing and charged me for the higher end stock Volvo part.
Very dissatisfied!

i.ivanov Don't bring your Volvo to this dealership for repair They mess up your car any time you bring you Volvo even for oil change.I bring my Volvo for oil change my air was working when i drove home no cold air.
The service department is crooked  it's a jock  .

I bought my car here a few months ago and would just like to say I am more than pleased with the sales service.
My salesperson has already contacted me more than once to make sure everything was still good with my car, and of course, it is.
I just really appreciate when people actually take the time to follow up, it shows they are not just about making the sale but truly care about good customer service.

Love this dealership!
Volvos are the best cars - been driving them for years and NEVER had a problem.
Just bought another from here and had another great experience.
Quick and easy.
No false promises or endless hours of haggling, I told them what I wanted, the price I could pay, and they delivered.
Highly recommend.

We just recently bought a car from Volvo of Las Vegas.
Literally every person that works at this dealership is amazing.
The General Manager of the dealership, Larry, and the Service Manager, Laroyne, even helped out with our purchase.
Anytime we need a car or service, our first stop is Volvo of Las Vegas.
This place was AWESOME!

I recently leased a Volvo C30.
The experience at Volvo is completely different than at other dealerships.
I was sure that I'd be leasing an Audi or the new Cadillac ATS so we visited them first.
Ugh!
The same old sales techniques that make the car shopping experience dreadful.
Fortunately, Volvo had the sporty car that I was looking for, an unbelievable price and an amazing sales experience.
Plus, this is my third Volvo so it fits like a glove!
I highly recommend Volvo cars and Volvo of Las Vegas.

DO NOT GO!!!
NEVER GO TO VOLVO... Service manager is a crook and GM is an ass.... Air conditioning never worked, tested it but as it was winter.. Couldn't tell...  To sum it up they ended up doing more wrong then good.... Lied to my warranty company and dismissed me off as a naive woman...
It wasn't until I had to mention corporate ... That the GM actually puckered and for the first time listened to me... LaRon is a LaUghing joke and has the worst techs!
Oh and the scratches  they "fixed" ya .... it's all "orange peeled" painting..
Going to have to get it redone... Prob at my expense but WILL NOT endanger my car to them again... Run for your lives!

This place is the Best!!!
Go see Jimmy and Marcus and they'll help you out tremendously.
There was no pressure and they are very easy to talk to.
You will not be disappointed.

I bought a used car from here yesterday.
This was actually the best car buying experience I've ever had.
I bought my last 2 cars from CarMax and it was big hassle.
I found a car I was interested in via their website and submitted a price quote.
I received an email within the hour from the sales rep and scheduled an appt for a test drive that evening.
I had some questions before going in and called the sales rep (Billy) directly.
He answered all of my questions and said he'd have the car ready.
Everything went smoothly after that.
They gave me more than I expected on my trade-in and negotiated with me on my payments.
Billy is great, he went out of his way to watch and play with my 3 year old while I signed the financial papers.
I thought that was so nice of him.
I felt very comfortable during the whole process and everyone I encountered was pleasant.
I left in my new car very happy.

I recently bought my second car here.
This has to be the best darn car dealership ever.
The Finance guy was the coolest guy I have ever met.
the sales staff was great.

I have owned a Volvo for 10 years.
I have had nothing but great service.
Working with Laronne is always a pleasure.

FANTASTIC.
MY SALESMAN KEN GAVE ME SUCH A GREAT DEAL WITH NO MONEY DOWN ON A S80 AND S60.
I have owned Mercedes S320, S300, S420 just to name a few since 1987 and  swore by them until now.
These Volvos  not only match but I believe beat Mercedes for safety features, ride, gas economy, looks, interior and exterior(one guy thought I had a  Bentley from the rear).
My brother in Chicago who's a judge put me on to these cars.
Ken was complete from beginning to end and contacted me after the sale to see how I liked the cars.
GOOD BYE MERCEDES, BMWS, THERE'S A NEW KID  ON THE BLOCK.
IF YOU'RE SMART, YOU WOULD GO  IN AND DRIVE ONE OF  THESE NEW OR USED CARS AND THEN SEE AND FEEL THE REAL THING.
THANKS KEN-YOU'RE GREAT.

Couldn't be happier.
Showed up on a Saturday morning on a cross country drive, in June, in 110 heat, without air con.
Slotted me right in.
Walked me through the problems, showed me the issue, literally, showed me the issues under the car.
Out of sheer financial analysis I explored trading in the car (6 years old, 109k miles, moving to LA).
Looked over the lot, had some discriminating requirements and they pulled a car out of their loaner program to satisfy my wants.
Kudos to Billy, Jimmy and LaRoyne.
I hate the car buying process.
This shop made it easier.

