For a fast food chain, cheap and Sometimes semi fast food, this particular BK isn't too shabby.

Ahh BK, how lovely.
This BK is pretty close to my apartment.
Its kinda hidden behind trees and such, but its next to Outback Steak House.
My son had been asking for one of their crowns so on our way home from the library we stopped in.
Walking in its nice, it has one of then things to follow so you can stand in a formed line, the menu is big... but the value menu is to the left and a lil small.... great marketing BK!
Lol.
Today we got a chicken tenders kids meal and a double cheeseburger combo.
The kids meal was cute, it comes in a box with a crown attached and your choice of chicken tenders, cheeseburger, or regular burger.
Plus you get the standard fries and a drink.
I got the double cheeseburger meal with the ice cream sundae.
At first I was like a little iffy, Im not super into fast food but this one was yummy!
The new fries they have are thick and crispy and have a good amount of salt.
Now I usually like my stuff salted and this was perfect!
I really like the self serve drinks and ketchup, I feel like Im not wasting when I use the ketchup dispenser.
I tried all my food and it was delish!
I then tried my ice cream and was in love!!
ITS SOOO RICH AND CREAMY!
For BK this is awesome!
I loved it!
We found a seat in the play place which was pretty large and had a ton of seats... most of all it was CLEAN!
Yay!
My son enjoyed himself very much in there!
It doesnt get too crowded when theres a lot of children and its temp is cool in there!
The only gripe I had is one of the workers was being a beezy bc the manager asked her to refill the ice machine... she was totally not having it!
All in all this place is A-OK with me!

I still enjoy a whopper once in a while so I can say I am a fan of Burger King; however, I try to avoid some fast food joints on a daily basis so I don't make my stomach too big.
I also still enjoy their chicken nuggets and chocolate shakes

I'm not a fan of fast food, i RARELY eat fast food, but since i work nearby i started coming here one time i didn't have lunch from home.
Let me just say that one particular lady who works here is the SOLE reason why i ever come back.
this lady always greets me with a smile and is overall and agreeable person to interact with.
i feel like a VIP when i come and its all because of the wonderful service she provides.
No one ever gives me annoyed looks when i bring coupons, (which i do a lot) as i have received at other locations.
I am very pleased with this burger king, it has opened my eyes to the world of fast food.
after all the makers of salad wraps cant be all wrong :)

Food was Ok... Service not very good , No napkin, fork, or offered Ketchup for fries..

This is the worst BK in the valley.
Seriously, drive two miles over to go to the Charleston/215 one or the Town Center/Summerlin Parkway location.
I went to this location 4 times before giving up and driving farther.
Cold fries (that you wait 10 minutes for), wrong items (twice we received either two Cokes or two Diet Cokes when we order one of each), items incorrectly made, missing items, and what was best, was when they didn't even know what went into the Family Meal when it was out for a limited time.
The cashier did not believe me when I said it was supposed to come with a toy, nor did the other cashier, until they finally got a manager out of t he back who laughed and said she guesses she better train out on the new menu item.
Drive the extra 5 minutes, you'll make it up in speed of service and not having to go back to get it fixed.

That was the best Burger King meal we have ever had.
The ladies working there were super friendly, and the food was made to order.
Definitely worth the wait.
I love the hot burger with cold veggies.
Sweet potato fries were a great addition.
Nicely done.

They recently reconstructed this Burger King, making it the nicest upscale BK I've ever been inside!
Two BIG flat screen TV's are up now!!!
Really clean inside and quality, fresh food.
The people working are also helpful and kind.

I haven't been in since they've done the remodel, but my experiences here have been pretty average.
Food was just like every other BK, the workers have generally been moderately helpful.
The play area is great; my 3-year old loves it.
I just went through the drive thru last night and got a brownie sundae.
It was delicious, even though the brownie was hard- there was no way I could cut through it with my spoon.
I ended up just picking the brownie up and chowing down.
It's a good thing I was at home and not in public, because that was not an especially polite way to eat it.

I know it's weird reviewing Burger King but I just had to let people know about my experience.
The staff at this place are pretty amazing for a fast food joint.
I usually eat at in n out or smash burger but I was at a loose end.
The burger was fine as were the fries which would normally be a 3 star but I had an emergency, needed a charger for my phone.
Of course nobody has one but they all scrambled and came back with a charger from a neighboring business- so kudos to the team.

Everyone is really nice here.
The only issue I have is that they don't understand my order and when I get my food, I have missing items.
But overall, they are still really nice.

This is a great Burger King with a really nice fresh remodel.
Extremely friendly servers always.
Food is always good hot and consistent!

Recently renovated this is my favorite Bk.
Love the pub style seating and the large booths that are modern looking.
The two big tvs keep me entertained while eating, which means I can enjoy my soccer game while my little one plays in the play area.
Customer service is really good.
They are fast and have never made a mistaken on my order.
Love their whopper, Cinnabon bites and the chicken nuggets (which right now are 10 for $1.50)   When crowns are available they give them with the kids meal.
Which my daughter likes more than a toy.
Princess in the making.

