Best CVS Ever!!!
Why so?
An entire isle of Hawaii items: Hawaiian Sun drinks, weekly poi imports, and li hing mui.
Truthfully, I only partake in the Passion Orange drinks but it is so great to have a small amount of nostalgia.

Typical CVS Pharmacy.
It's out of my neighborhood, but I went to buy some discounted Christmas items I can count on them having.
No disappointment today.
It's easy to get in and out and the parking lot is very large!

My favorite CVS for sure.
Mainly cause I an walk to it from my house.
Great coupons, extra bucks, and deals on every turn.
The employees are friendly and know us by name and call my daughter little Annie.
(Se has Curley brown hair), and are extremely helpful.
My favorite employees are definitely the older man sady and the other African American lady, can't remember her name right now.
Love that its 24 hours and the pharmacy is open til 11pm.
Te manager there, Chris?
Is always helpful and helping me walk the isles to find medicine for my two year old that's safe yet effective.

I don't know why I bother with this store, every time I go in there my interaction with the staff that works there never smiles never days hi or thank u and whenever a customer or myself ask for something it's either deer in the headlights look or a look of sheer annoyance that they're being asked to do something.
Well today was no better I went to use my 30% off coupon on a chair I knew the rules and made sure it wasn't on sale or anything else that wouldn't qualify it for the coupon .
Gets run once and I get sorry it doesn't work did u load it right?
Yes it's on there so he calls a manager, great but only to void the purchase and do it again.
We run it again nothing so instead of calling a manager or even attempting to help I get a blank stare .. Ok fine your not to help or have the slightest interest in either helping me get the savings I'm entitled to or give me a reason why I can't use it for that purchase then ill go elsewhere not going back to this one ever again

The customer service at this store is horrible.
The pharmacy had a person working that I had never seen before when I went to pick up my meds.
She asked my name and then walked away and started complaining to another worker about being too busy.
She came back 3 minutes later, asked my name again, and walked away again.
3 mins later, she came back with my meds and said she had no cash drawer so she couldn't ring me up.
I asked if I could pay up front, she said no.
She then walked away again and started scanning things in the back.
I called out, asking what was going on, and she said she would page the manager for the cash drawer.
The manager came after another five minutes, huffing and puffing and sighing.
He told her to use a different register and went back toward the front.
She said she could not, and continued scanning items in the back.
He finally comes back with the drawer and was so completely rude when is asked if he was the manager and if he could do something about what was happening.
He basically said no, he did not have enough employees today.
Then turns out, there was a person in the drive thru the entire time, waiting for their stuff.
I am going to figure out how to change my prescriptions to Walgreens.

This pharmacy has HORRIBLE customer service, never have prescriptions in stock and they obviously don't care that they constantly lose business.
My doctor called in a prescription here when it was supposed to be called to Walgreens.
I called tonight just to cancel a prescription and I was told to call back tomorrow after 9.
My advice is switch to Walgreens or another pharmacy chain.

