Dr. Al and his staff are amazing!
Not only did he cure my husband and my back & neck issues, he even took care of our 2 year olds ear infections!
Our Pediatrician would just give us antibiotics which weren't working and send us on our way.
Dr. Al got rid of the ear infection with just a few adjustments - No antibiotics necessary!
Wonderful Doctor, Caring Staff...Highly Recommend!!

Dr Al, is great.
More than just adjusting, full scope of treatment including traction.
Best in town, awsome staff

Doctor Al and his staff are the  Best.
My back pain is under control, now.
In Minnesota, I had a great Chiropractor, but he never took x-rays!
Dr Al's approach is so professional and complete.
The x-rays monitor my progress and are a wonderful asset to my well being.
I can see exactly what progress is being made, not just subjectively, but objectively.
I recommend Mountain West to all my friends.

The entire staff at Mountain West Chiropractic is helpful, kind, and knowledge.
This is not a "crack and whack" chiropractic office.
I came in with chronic back pain and with the help of Dr. Al and Dr. Sabel was able to find out the origin of my back issues.
Prior to and following adjustments, you complete exercises to support your treatment and are given exercises to do at home to assist with actually correcting the root issues.
Regular X-rays help to keep track of your progress as well.
I am a professional dancer and the treatment with Mountain West has enhanced my dancing and I feel better, healthier, and younger now than ever, thanks largely in part to the staff at Mountain West Chiropractic.
Thank you all!

The entire staff at Mountain West Chiroptractic is terrific.
From the time you walk in the door until the time you leave.
They have helped my husband termeduously after being involved in a vehicle accident while he was riding his bicycle.
Dr. Al is not only a great person but goes way and above to help his clients and can figure out a solution to the pain.
He has a great staff and it's always a pleasant environment.
Thanks Dr. Al and staff !
Stacia

For the last few years, I had developed Neck Problems.
Upon arising after sleep, I would have neck pain thru the day.
Also my spouse noticed that one of my shoulders was higher than the other.
I lacked energy and experienced pain in neck  and lower back.
I am not overweight and I exercise regularly.
Experiencing low energy levels and pain, I decided to take a course of action.
After much research I decided on Chiropractic.
My thinking was that this would be a good natural starting point.
I chose Dr. Albert Simoncelli at Mountain West Chiropractic.
After my initial consultation I knew Dr. Simoncelli would help me with my symptoms.
My first visit was in early August of 2013.
As of this moment less than two months of treatment, the results are amazing.My neck pain has diminished as much as 95%.
I have no back pain and I am standing erect with much higher energy levels.
Dr. Simoncelli is a professional and a caring and wonderful man.
He incorporates the latest techniques and is extremely knowledgeable.
I am also very pleased with the entire staff.
I highly recommend Dr. Simoncelli and the staff at Mountain West Chiropractic as an excellent start for pain management and Wellness.
Sincerely                                                                                             Greg Farina

Wonderful gentle and very effective.
Only chiropractor that has really helped me and doesn't expect you to come back needlessly.
Staff also very friendly.

I originally went to Mtn West after many recommendations from friends I worked with.
I had recently been in a car accident and was having daily issues with my lower back and right hip.
Additionally, I was skeptical about chiropractic care.
However, all my skepticism disappeard after my first few visits at this location.
Dr. Al is extremely thorough in his questioning and initial assessment and such attention to detail only continues with treatment.
The staff is friendly, helpful and kind.
My treatment at this location has really helped with all of my back/hip issues.

So far, so good.
Saw Dr. Sobel for my initial visit Monday, I'm going back Saturday for my follow up.
My biggest complaint is how long it took to see the doc.
My appointment was at 5:00pm, I got there around 4:45-with my new patient paperwork ready to go.
The nurse took me back at 5:15 and had me gown up, I waited in a freezing cold room until 5:40 to see the doc.
When he finally did come in, I had a thorough exam and he identified and discussed problems at length.
We did X-ray's and started treatment immediately.
I go back for appointment 2 on Saturday!

