The staff here knows their stuff, and were friendly and helpful.
They have a huge selection of items, the only downside is that it can be a bit pricy

Great place to purchase some lighting.
And it is always fun to try and take in all the lamps, and chandeliers, and all the other lighting.
But BEWARE- don't stay for too long or you'll suffer from sensory overload.
No kidding.
You're peripheral vision will start playing tricks on you.
I'd say the strong point to the store is variety of Modern lighting options.
There's seemingly always some new style or other and plenty of choices.
And if you have some old auntie that is completely retro, they'll find something too.
I'd personally go in and ask for Lisa.
She's the go-to gal in my opinion.
she's not there on Sundays and Mondays, so call first.
She does all the lighting design for homes and is easy to get along with.
The rest of them are OK, but not exactly a draw to the younger crowd.
They have an easy return policy.
So if it doesn't work out, return it.
Just don't paint it Salmon pink and try and return it.
See!
I'm actually kinda cheerful when a business can shed some light on my problems.
HaHa.
Pun intended.

HGTV is one of my favorite channels on TV, but I hate watching it because it makes me realize how many things I have to fix and update in my own house, so while watching divine design, in the kitchen drinking my coffee, I looked up and there it was.
The ugliest oldest lighting fixture you've ever seen and it was here in my own kitchen.
I yelped for help and found lamps plus.
Walking into the store and seeing all this lamps an chandeliers in the store I knew there was something there for me, they have literally hundredths of lamps to pick from.
I was greeted right away by a sales representative and she offered me her assistance, I told her that I was looking for a modern but not futuristic classic but not antique kind of hanging but not chandelier looking lamp, she looked at me and said........... "your in luck!
We just got the fixture you're looking for in today!
" she showed me the piece and she was right!
that was the perfect lighting fixture for my kitchen.
She even explained to me how to install it , but they do offer the installation service if you don't want to deal with it yourself but I've been watching too much HGTV I was sure I could install a simple lamp myself by now.
With hundredths of choices and knowledgeable and professional staff you'll never be in the dark at this store, ; ) specially with the two free light bulbs I got for checking in on yelp.
I got home installed the lighting fixture, turned it on, and there it was... the nicest newest lighting fixture you've ever seen, and is right here in my own kitchen......hmm...
I think I need new counter tops.
Yeeeelp!

LAMPS, MIRRORS AND ACCESSORIES!
OH MY!
Toto I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
This place is not just about the lighting however the inventory and quality of the lighting is through the roof!
Beautiful fixtures from simple to elegant to modern motif.
The mirrors are unique and they have a wide selection of them.
They have home décor that ranges from furniture to accessories.
I do think that the prices are a little high but they have sales all the time.
The customer service is always great and are always willing to help.
They do have floor computers that will show you pictures of their full inventory in case you want a certain color that isn't in that store.
If your looking for new innovative ways to decorate your home, apartment, office...I definitely think you will find it here.

I had been coveting a certain set of chandeliers for a LONG time, when i was finally ready to pull the trigger I went to Lamps Plus for help- and so glad I did instead of buying them on the internet.
Lisa was particularly helpful and took care of details I would not have considered.
Estimate and installation crew were exceptional- on time and professional.
In the end I got what I wanted, it was done right the first time and I am over the moon happy with the result.
They know their stuff and will steer you in the right direction.
Ask for Lisa.

Lisa Scheck has to be to best lighting designer in Las Vegas for sure!
We bought a brand new home and have found fantastic value and service with Lamps Plus, having replaced all lighting fixtures from a great selection, but having a true lighting design professional  (Lisa Sheck) has certainly made the experience beyond our expectations.
Combine this with professional installation services adds to the value.
Lisa will make home visits, but did a great job with us and just listening to our needs and preferences showed us lighting we may not have considered on our own.
You won't be disappointed dealing with Lamps Plus or Lisa Sheck.

Seriously, the people here are always so nice!
I've been in here numerous times since purchasing a new home last February and I have worked with a different person each time, and each person has been super helpful, really nice and overall genuine.
Also, their return policy is AMAZING.
I purchased some custom lamps on their website.
A YEAR LATER, I decided that they really weren't what I had wanted.
I was able to return them (with the receipt, which I had since it was an online purchase) and I didn't get store credit- I got refunded the entire amount!!
what?!?!
So awesome!
If anything, that alone is worth 5 stars.
I will continue purchasing stuff for my home from Lamps Plus.
They have all kinds of things for your home- lights, ceiling fans, knick-knacks, dressers, mirrors, pillows, chairs, tables, etc.
Great place!

They girls in there are very friendly.
They have amazing stuff in there and some are very unique.
Will definitely consider lamps plus for house décor.
Some items are a little too pricy, however, there stuff are awesome!!
Good place to go!

