A free bagel and cream cheese coupon brought my wife and I into this Einstein's, within walking distance of our house.
It's good that it did, because one visit reminded us why we are such loyal customers of Bruegger's Bagels.
The staff was nice; I have no complaints about them.
But, when we went to order, at 10 a.m. on a Friday, not a busy time, they were out of many bagel choices, including our first choice Everything, 2nd choice garlic, as well as a number of others.
We ended up settling for something else.
Then, when we went to sit down, we didn't care for the seat layout (no booths), and it was hard to find a place to put our daughter's stroller.
We did like that there were some fancier types of iced tea, but a plain black iced tea would have been good, too.
Our bagels were just fine.
Eventually, when we were done, the everything bagels turned up, so we bought one.
I didn't like that there was only seeds on one side (no salt or garlic that we noticed) and the other side was completely bare.
As I said, the Bruegger's on Grand Canyon, just south of Flamingo, where we usually drive to a couple times a week, is a much better choice.
I suppose because it's the only one in the area, they try a lot harder (they've never been out of everything bagels that I can remember.

I'm quite jealous of Einstein Bros. Bagels.
I'm jealous because no matter how hard I try, I CAN NOT make a bacon, egg and cheese bagel sandwich that's anywhere near as good as theirs.
My preferred bagel is Asiago, and I can never seem to find those kinds of bagels in any store.
Also, props to making some very good iced coffee(which is actually cheaper than McDonald's coffee.
Sure, you have to mix in sugar and milk yourself, but their coffee is of much better quality.
Thank god they don't have free Wi-Fi, or else I would have no life outside of this place.

I stopped by this Einstein Brothers this morning to get  1/2 dozen bagels.
I so wanted salt bagels, but they had none, even at 7:30 AM.
In the end, I got two everything, 2 - three cheese, and two pretzel bagels - like a salt bagel, but made with a darker wheat so it looks like a soft pretzel.
My biggest surprise was the price.
For 6, the tab was just over $7.
There was an additional charge for the pretzel bagels and for the three cheese.
I had one of the pretzel bagels when I got home.
It was good, but I think I'll just get a couple of bagels at Albertson's and go to Einstein when I want something more exotic.
They used to give a shmear tub with  1/2, but evidently that ended.

I ventured in here because the breakfast was not ready at my hotel nearby when I left in the morning.
One person in line.......Two people in line......three people in line.....the three Einstein Bros employees look up from the odd tasks they were laser focused on..."Oh!
"  Imagine that!
A bagel and coffee place with customers at 6:15am!
Whodathought?
If I had been first in line I certainly would have spoken (barked) up to announce my presence.
I had a bagel sandwich and coffee, A-OK.
There was a little note taped to the register that noted they could not print receipts but if you really need one they will go in the back in print a transaction record for you...they did, full page.
I went again the next day, just had coffee.
Receipt?
Nope, had to get the full page printout.
I bet there is someone in the tiny 'burb of Las Vegas that they could call to fix the printer on the cash register...maybe that will occur to them eventually.

The bagels aren't good, they taste more like kaiser rolls but there are so many locations that it's easy to stop here.
The salads aren't bad, but East coasters should not expect a real bagel.
I'd only go here because it's easy and avoid going for just a bagel.

Lox and bagel to start the day with a vanilla hazelnut coffee.
Great way to get the day started.

Went in at lunch time.
They couldn't get our order right.
They weren't on top of how much of the brewed tea was available and the restroom didn't have towels in it.

Slow service, they were out of practically all the bagels.
It was dirty.
And worst of all, no more iced coffee drinks, they give you a cup to make some sort of iced drink yourself and dont have any flavors!
I pay for the venue to make my iced drink!
FAIL!

I normally love this place.
I always order this: egg sandwich with ham and Swiss on asiago bagel&large coffee.
Sometimes I additionally order seasonal fruit bagel (like cranberry) with seasonal spread (like pumpkin) and a banana and fresh oj.
My food is always delicious, and it keeps me coming back regardless of what I'm about to say...
The prices are fairly high, I can't escape under $6 usually, for my first two listed items.
They need more staff; the wait ALWAYS sucks here, but I do recognize a lot of the same employees, consistently I have been here several times and they are low on bagels or out on a bunch of flavors And my final gripe- last time I went, I had about 5 people in line ahead  of me.
I'm four minutes no one acknowledged the first in line.
I watched 2 walk out, then I too left.
Was on my way to work, didn't have time.
To end this on a positive spin, everything I've tried there is wonderful, the coffee is awesome, and they are open EARLY like 6am?
Not sure, but I remember saying "huh, imagine that- I guess I can get a good, early breakfast anytime.

I've been to Einstein Bagles in a couple locations, and it seems they're all pretty much the same.
Nice selection of really yummy looking bagel sandwiches, a display case with big yummy baked deserts, and coffee drinks.
Also the same: they consistently screw stuff up.
I'd like to just order, pay, eat, and leave, but I keep having to go back up to have something fixed.
Let's see, one time we ordered a combo deal, heard the guy announce it was the combo deal, then got charged for each item separately anyway.
Had to review the receipt and go back up for a small refund.
Another time--and I'll even take some blame for this--I pointed at a lunch sandwich advertised on the board behind the order-taker.
I said, "I'll have that sandwich!
The turkey club!
" and ended up with a turkey breakfast sandwich.
(Granted, the breakfast sandwich was advertised next to the lunch sandwich, so if he just saw me pointing, I can understand the mix-up.
But I also said what I wanted.
)  Had to go back up and have them remake it.
Another time, I got something delicious, but the tomatoes were way overripe.
(I hate that!
C'mon, you have eyeballs, you KNOW you're putting substandard product on something a paying customer is going to eat!!
That's my LUNCH, not a compost heap!
) I took it back up for better tomatoes.
The food is really good, and a pretty good price, but geez, FOCUS would you?
Your entire job is to make bagel sandwiches for people, so take some pride in it and get it right!

The staff here is, by far, the best if any Einstein's I've been to.
They know me by name, and know what I want as soon as I walk in -- and this was the case after only 3 visits!
And, of course, the bagels are fresh.
They get pretty busy, though, so they don't always have all of the different bagel varieties.

My family and I love going to Einstein's.
My 3 year old has it down as a weekly request.
We live closest to this location and have been there over a dozen times.
90% of the time the service is slow.
They wait until 7 people form a line at the counter to even address you.
They have an assembly line back there with no organizational skills and seem to always mess up our orders.
After this last mess up I would rather drive to the West Flamingo location than have to go through the pains of this place again, regardless if it's the same owner/management team.
Maybe they could send their staff to that location for retraining to see how their business is supposed to be ran.

I needed breakfast after an eye appointment at a nearby office and I figured this place would be as good as any.
I haven't been here in a while and they've really changed their menu.
They offer egg white thin bagel sandwiches that are 350 calories or less.
Frightens me how much their regular egg bagel sandwiches are but whatever.
I got their AM bundle, which was their turkey sausage egg white thin bagel sandwich and a medium coffee for $5.
The sandwich was pretty good, but the thin bagel does not taste like a bagel.
It's just like an egg sandwich between some regular bread.
Instead of regular cheese, they put light cream cheese on the sandwich.
It wasn't too bad.
But the coffee sucked.
Lukewarm and nasty.
A decent option for a quick breakfast, although the egg white wraps at Starbucks taste better to me and the coffee is at least guaranteed to be hot.

Have to bump this location down a star.
I wouldn't recommend it.
I placed an online catering order 2 days in advance and paid in full.
I showed up my designated time to pick up my order and they hadn't even started it yet.
And it took them 30 minutes to cut some bagels and make some coffee.
Plus, they forgot to give me the cream cheese.
Grrrr.
I came back after my event to get the cream cheese (I paid for it after all) and the place was in the weeds.
Staff could not keep up with the orders and there were lots of angry customers.
Best to try another location that knows what they are doing.

Disappointing.
I stopped here for a quick 2 dozen bagels, but didn't want their pre-made buckets... which usually are filled with the unpopular flavors.
I was the only customer at 6am, and she insisted that I tell her each bagel that I wanted for each dozen while she typed it into the computer.
What a waste of time....
I asked her why she couldn't just grab the bagels as I told her which would be much quicker... she said it was not her job, that he typed them in and someone else would get them.
I don't have this kind of time to waste on their unfriendly and time wasting process, so they lost my business.
What a joke...
I have to walk over to look at the bagels, yell at her what I want, while she types it into the register.... HUH!
That's how I spell out unfriendly business practices.
Someone with a higher IQ needs to review this practice.
I will not be back to any EBB location that activates this process.

I go to einsteins petoodically because its close to home.
I always pay with my debit card.
On my statement in May it showed 25 charges for the same amount, on the same day, with same reference number.
I showed these charges to the district manager.
She basically said she would not reimburse me.
My bank...US bank said because it was more than 60 days..they couldnt help me...Im out over $200.....I would recommend that anyone wanting bagels..should not buy here..

I usually go to this Einstein's when I have a buy one, get one coupon.
This last time though it was pretty sad.
I walk in, there's nobody there to greet me.
I stand in the empty line right in front of the register for a good 4mins.
Then a lady walks by, I was excited for a minute, but then she didn't say anything and just walked the other way.
She handed some food over to a customer and the customer gave it right back saying it was the wrong order.
She yelled for her coworker and this other lady came out to assist the situation.
They discussed the issue while I was still standing there, at this point I was debating leaving.
One of the ladies finally said she would be right with me, so I didn't leave.
I put my order in, I was in a hurry so I took it to go.
I got back to my work only to find out that the bacon was missing out of my breakfast sandwich.
Argh!!!
Bad service and no bacon??
It's not even worth the buy one get one!

No Lox??!?

They have a $3.99 special, bagel with cream cheese and a drink.
It was the most pathetic special ever.
The cream cheese was spread so thin you could barely taste it.
They also proof the bagels instead of boiling.
That is not a bagel.
Einstein's sucks.

Up side: I'm in love with their blueberry bagels!
They are sooo delicious!
My girlfriend has me hooked on them!
Downside: apparently the blueberry bagels are very popular.
Half the time I make the drive there, they are sold out.
Why don't they make more of something they always sell out of?
They've lost a number of sale opportunities just with my self alone.
Service wise, half the staff seem like they don't enjoy their jobs thus giving dull service.
They make no eye contact while they are speaking to you and when they do speak its so mono-toned.
I feel like they're annoyed that i'm there.
So I get my bagels (if they have them) and bolt out.

not leaving a review for this specific location, but generally all.
they have the best bagels ever!
i'm not really into bagels, but i love them.
i like the cinnamon and blueberry bagels.
i'll have to come back to try other ones.
worth stopping by for breakfast and coffee.

20 min wait for 1 bagel w/ shmear and its not busy by any means.
These people are clueless.

Worst service ever.
Overcharged for shmear then went back and forth with cashier regarding my order and price which is always the same charge at other Einsteins.
Waited 20 mins at noon because only one person was actually making the bagels.
No management at all, and surly- unfriendly looking employees that looked like they wanted to be anywhere but working.
On top of the overcharge, my schmear was left off.
Had to return and have sand which made over:( Second time my order was incorrect.
Will not return to this particular franchise.
Hey owners, get a clue as to what's going on in your business!!
Larger African American woman with braids and a bun.
Unfriendly cashier.
Not a good representative for establishment.

Food is consistently good at all shops I visited.
Docked two stars because of staff Had to repeAt order twice for dine in and watched as cashier placed order in computer.
Both times.
Rec order - order was wrong.
Do they actually read NO tomatoes on the order?
Did the actually read DINE IN?
I guess not when there were tomatoes  on the sandwich and the entire order was packaged in a big bag to go.
We unpacked the bag and ate in  Overall seemed a bit disorganized and lack of attention to detail.
No need to return here (only went because someone else chose this location) I will continue to go to town center or lake mead and rampart locations.

I love the bagels, but almost every time we've gone in, they've had a limited selection of bagels available.
They've also been super busy every time I've gone in, which probably explains the lack of bagels.
I've never had an issue with the service, like others have mentioned.
My only problem is that they've been out of cinnamon sugar bagel every time I've been in lately- and I love that bagel!

This location of Einsteins has some of the best fast service and made as you like it offerings around.
It is a great bagel, lunch, all-over quick place that is clean and has a wonderful, happy staff.
Their cinammon scones are terrific with a cup of their timed (when it was bewed) coffees.
They also have some special coffees and other offerings.
The only negative thing about this location is the hanging out people who use it as a 'clubhouse' for hours discussing the world and taking up space!
Also, meeting-up groups do not belong here - they will sit and chat - the volume then goe up and they waste seats - and feel that this is their eatery.. Again, they take over the place and make regulars try to find a spot to sit.
Outside, you can tie your dog to your chair and enjoy your coffee and bagel ( a schmear or sandwich) andbreathe under a little patio area.
I like a neighborhood bagel place  it makes me remember my NYC roots and the generall-overall politeness, yet mind your own business attitude, of the diners.
This is not a fancy place, far from it, yet, it is clean, friendly, and comfortable!
Keep up the good things about this location!

This location is now officially disgusting.
Always dirty, especially around the coffee area, you will most often be ignored when first entering.
Eventually an uninterested, unfriendly woman will greet you and reluctantly take your order.
The bagels are ok, as is the coffee.
The problem with this location is the staff, currently the absolute worst of any Einstein location I have ever seen.

Nice patio if the weather is good... Love their vegetarian breakfast bagel sandwiches.
They kept the dining area clean and drink station had fresh coffee!

