This place is a dump.
Don't let them fool you.
New management is horrible.
The girls who work in the office are unintelligent idiots.
Was amazing when I first moved in a year ago.
Lots of unnecessary renovation going on.
The hot tubs are never clean, exercise equipment broken, and my pot smoking party neighbors make it no better.
Mail boxes recently broken into.
They required us to go to post office for several weeks to pick up mail.
The workers at the post office were incredibly annoyed and I think intentionally weren't giving us mail.
Also serious conflict with not receiving water bill.
My neighbor received an eviction notice because he did not include it in his rent last month.
That was reflections fault for not properly making us aware of the billing situation.
Also, they constantly have tow trucks coming in towing cars for late registration and so on.
And cops coming in giving tickets.
Have never lived in a complex like this one.
I never write reviews but this place is terrible.
Move else where please!
Save yourself the headache.
renee the old manager was amazing, you are missed and I'm sure they regret not having you.

My boyfriend and I went in to inquire about their units and loved them.
Newly remodeled and the entire complex is being updated to have a modern feel.
Hopefully we can get a lease here.
The girls at the office have been very helpful.
Answering my many questions and giving us a nice tour.
Expected to be done remodeling in April.

So I moved into this complex for 6 month while trying to buy a house.
I moved in with no furniture and slept on an inflatable mattress.
This was temporary housing for me after all.
I never cooked in the apartment, moved nothing in, had no pets, and cleaned weekly.
When I moved in, they gave me an apartment that had such a horrid stench, it still lingered in my clothes months after I moved out.
They have a smoking policy but guess what, my building was inhabited by geriatric chain smokers and it soaked thru the walls every day.
After a few months, the place was sold to a new company without any notice to the residents.
These guys moved in, fired the one decent staff person we had, and immediately tore up everything to remodel.
No phase over, they just shut down the pools, club houses, tore out the fences and treated the residents like pond scum.
And thanks to the lack of security, we had our mailboxes pried open by thieves.
Others were robbed.
So I turned in my notice letter that I was moving to the prior company.
Oh the new company can't seem to find it and wants me to sign a new contract and pay a penalty.
My lease was up so I moved anyway.
Cleaned the apartment spotless.
Vacuumed.
Everything.
Went over to have my move out inspection done.
Guess what, no inspection.
Your account is clear and you are free to go.
Thank you for your business.
Two months go by, I find out they billed me for carpet cleaning, all the light bulbs (none were burned out), and a host other trumped up charges and sent the bill to a COLLECTION AGENCY.
No letter.
No phone call.
Nothing.
Recall I lived there 6 months with no furniture and didn't even eat in the apartment.
RUN AWAY FROM THIS AWFUL COMPANY!!!!!!!
And for the reviewer below --- I MISS RENE TOO!!!!!
It was jut wrong what they did to her.

Please don't be fooled by this place, they are newly remodeled and the new units are really beautiful but IT'S NOT WORTH IT.
THE MANAGEMENT HERE IS SO SO HORRIBLE.
God, they are SO rude, they are NOT helpful.
It took 2 weeks for my dryer to get fixed.
MY air has been broke for almost a week and all they do is give the run around.
My roommate has been getting bit constantly by spiders.
And when we moved in there was a huge dent in the fridge from that they said would be fixed, its been 3 months and its not fixed.
We moved in and there were not screens on the windows, and once they finally put them on they fell right off because they weren't even fastened on.
It's absolutely horrible hear, I am counting the days until we can leave.
It's unfortunate because its a great location but the staff including the property manager Jada are horrid.
AND STAY AWAY FROM BRANDI.
Look elsewhere I wish I would have listened to the reviews when I was looking.
I have never written a review before but just want to help out the community by telling you all to STAY FAR AWAY

Update:  Visited a friend still living there.
Nothing has changed.
Management lies constantly.
Second update: Comment below is the same line of crap you post to every online complaint.
Why not try fixing the problem.
Oh wait, you probably won't fire yourself.....

Mailboxes here have been broken into 5 times in 3 years.
The gate up front in front of the mailboxes is forever broken and management doesn't care enough to fix it.
And don't bother complaining about not feeling safe having mail sent to your place.
Management will promptly tell you how they are new and just "don't know".
Oh and calling Trinity is pointless, that's just leaving a voicemail for a person who will never call you back.
Your money is better spent elsewhere.
I pay almost $800/mo for a one bedroom and I can't even have mail sent here.
Management could care less about residents.
Look elsewhere!

We like it, and thankfully our mailbox hasn't been broken into like others.
We got in just before the renovations finished and are getting a pretty good deal right now (rates have since went up).
Had one issue with management, but looks like they got new people in now.
Maintenance is good, when our AC broke in the middle of the summer it was fixed within 24 hours.
Cons:   - W/S/G is expensive: We pay an extra $55 a month for that.
(Update: Looks like they've added more fees and our WSG is now over $70 last month, a little ridiculous for two people I think).
- Not enough doggy stations: I constantly have to pick up poop from the front of my building because people don't pick it up...
I even watched one person let their dog drop it and continued to walk away right in front of my building.
The dog park in the back was completely littered last I was there.
If anyone has any questions from an actual resident feel free to message me here and I'll do my best to answer.

A couple of months ago I visited Reflections as a secret shopper from another apartment community.
To be completely honest with you, I enjoyed the tour Brandy Beus gave me.
If I were not a leasing consultant, I would've actually considered moving here!
The property was well kept, maintenance was friendly and even greeted me (which is rare!
), the entrance to the place was both surprising and welcoming (waterfall and programmed voice), the office is just delightful to look at, the pool is gorgeous and I love all the blue colors (even the blue colored doors!
), etc!
I could go on.
I rarely enjoy a tour and/or property so much, but this one even gets a 5 star from me!
I am not telling you where exactly I work, but I can say this community should be given a chance.
This is actually one of my competitors and I have high recommendations.
They have a doggy park, a backyard if you need one while living in an apartment home, nice neighborhood, a constant gated community, friendly staff, nice furniture for the pool area, well-maintained grounds, lots of grass (which is nice to see in the Las Vegas area), a nice clubhouse you could take family or friends to be entertained, wonderful and spacious floor plans, and a staff who keeps in touch with you to rent from them (which is also very rare!).
The only complaint I had was when I walked in, I wasn't immediately greeted.
That could be several reasons (I know what it's like), but there was no other resident or prospect there so I was sad about that.
I still give it a 5 star!
Now I could understand mailboxes being broken into and/or poop not being picked up, but the office cannot control everyone and management DOES care about these things as much as you don't think they do!
It is just hard to manage and hard to fix.
The best they can do is give out notices and have maintenance/landscapers make it as clean as possible.
Break-ins happen EVERYWHERE and ANYTIME.
Crime in Las Vegas is increasing.
If you want to live somewhere better, moving out or trying to find another apartment community is not the answer.
Getting your own security is.
My car got broken into 3 weeks ago in an extremely nice gated house community.
It happens more often than you think it does!
W/S/T bill is also divided and varies monthly.
Even if you lived in a house, it is a bill you still have to pay and it's also more expensive.
Having free pest control and 24-hour maintenance is the high benefit of apartment living.
Anyway, I liked Reflections.
Maybe in the future I will live here.
Who knows.

DO NOT LET THIS PLACE FOOL YOU!
It's starts off like a dream apartment.
Great amenities,  gym, pools, etc.
I moved in and it has been nothing but problem after problem taking forever to get fixed.. it took them 1 1/2 months to get blinds on my front window when we were told days..
When I asked we kept getting the run around.
I been having a leaking ac unit for almost a month now.
I have reported it three times.
The first time maintenence came out and I heard the guy yelling outside to his boss, "well I can't find the pipe so I'm just going to shop vac the water out and if it leaks then it f'in leaks again and he can call back again!
" So he came and shop vac it... it leaked two more time after and they just did the same thing then forgot about it.
I woke up and this time the water is flooded in my bathroom, going into my living room and even destroyed my 100 scale that the can tell body fat, etc... so I stopped by the office and they told me they called in a company from the outside..
I come home and not only has the company not come but the office never sent maintenance to come shop vac the water out like they always do... so now there is water EVERYWHERE!
What place knows there has been water leaking for three weeks, never comes to fix it... then when I tell them it's leaking very bad now they don't even send anyone to stop the leak?!
Horrible place!
Back to the complex.....
The dog run is never cleaned with vinegar to sanitize or clean the smell out so the whole area smells like pee and poop bad... my key code hasn't worked for the gate since we moved it because management said they don't know what the problem is.....
The pool by my apartment that looked nice has been closed for whatever reason the majority time that I lived here.. my key dosent even open the gate....
The gym ac has been broken for months now so it's always extremely hot while working out..
The sauna was broken for over a month... pit bulls aren't allowed to live on property yet I've seen three and I know they are not service dogs.. my neighbors dog got attacked by one of the pit bull last week.... really horrible place to.live so far and I've only been here for 2 months so far....  stay away from this complex!

