This hotel is not close to the strip at all.
The entire place is non-smoking.
Aside from that, the hotel is pet friendly.
The place was very clean and most importantly odor free.
The beds and pillows were very comfortable.
The continental breakfast was decent for free food.
What was most impressive was the waffle maker, which were surprisingly good.

More than decent for a La Quinta - the hotel chain with huge variation from one location to another.
Sometimes when I'm in Vegas I don't want the hassle of staying at a big casino.
I found this newer La Quinta to be on a par with a newer Hampton Inn...modern, good workspace, wifi that works well.
I had meetings on the west side of Vegas and it made sense to stay over here.
The hotel is in a nice area with plenty of food & drink options within walking distance.
Sometimes that's nice when you've been on your keester all day on a plane, in a car, in a meeting...getting out on your feet in the cool evening feels good.
Unlike several La Quinta's I have tried, I would stay at this one again...

The bed in here was so comfy.
For $79/night this aint bad.
It's located just down the street from Hard Rock.
What really got my attention was the service from the staff.
They were willing to give me a ride to the airport at 4am so I didnt need to pay for a taxi.
(They were short staffed, so they couldnt man the shuttle, but they did anyways... that earns then extra points!

I stayed at La Quinta for Christmas with my dog and boyfriend.
The room was great!
It has a mini kitchen, is very spacious, and clean.
The fact that they are pet friendly is a huge plus.
The Breakfast served daily is pretty good.
You really get your $$ worth here.
I would definitely recommend it for your stay with your pet.
I will go again.
My only complaint is that the fitness room is not good.
Great place!

As far as budget hotels go, this place is a big winner.
Traveling with a pet often makes it difficult to find a nice hotel, but this La Quinta makes it easy.
The rooms are spacious and include a small kitchen (microwave, fridge, freezer, stove, and pots/pans/dishes).
Our room was a good size, plenty of space for the 2 of us plus a pooch.
The room was clean and the bed was relatively comfortable; my only complaint is with the pillows (they were down and the feathers were poking through the pillow...and they were pretty flat).
Next time, I'll bring my own with me.
They have a free continental breakfast which was pretty good.
Waffles, biscuits and gravy, fruit, oatmeal, yogurt, cereal, etc.
The front desk staff were very helpful.
I'll plan on staying here again next time I'm in town with my dog.

Pet Friendly, good breakfast.
Clean kitchenette with utensils and cookware.
We brought our 75lb black lab here and no questions asked.
The rooms were spacious.
It is located in the side of Vegas that few outsiders ever see.
The real Las Vegas with real people living normal everyday lives and no drunks walking the quiet streets.

We stayed here with our 2 kids and 2 dogs on way back from Sun Valley, ID back home to Phoenix.
The main reason we choose this hotel was because of our dogs.
This was one of the only hotels in Vegas that does not charge an extra fee for dogs.
They also had free WiFi.
For budget hotels this one is spacious.
Beds were comfortable.
Bathroom was not as clean as I would of liked there was hair in the drain of the bathtub/shower.
Although we are dog people and love dogs we had to listen to dogs from near by rooms barking all night long.
Therefore did not get a good nights sleep.
I am not sure we would stay here again.
We have been to other Laquinta Inns with our dogs and have been very happy.

This is a very nice place, friendly staff, clean, lots of nearby restaurants.
There's even several grocery chains if you want to cook or buy prepared food.
I would have given it five stars if the internet wasn't so horrible.
If you are a Facebook game player, forget it.

5 stars because it's 100% non-smoking!!!!
MOST EXCELLENT!
I hate Las Vegas, but love coming to golf.
Finding a place to stay where I can breathe is difficult...this little joint filled the bill.
Ok, it's odd that it's dog friendly, but I'd rather smell dog than smoke any day.
Rates are good, the rooms are spotless (we had one with the big jacuzzi tub - well worth the few extra dollars.
)  Yes, the cable sucks - and even if we are in Vegas some of us do want excellent cable coverage, and this didn't have it....never could find NBC.
The cable is tough for sure; we found later at night and first thing it was fine...the place was 100% sold out and I can see why.
Have fun!

Did we mention what a terrific kitchen the property had?

If you're like me, you get nervous with only 9 reviews.
And so here is number 10, and I'm keeping the current faith of 4 out of 5 stars.
Normally I stay on the strip at the Mirage for about $99 a night after obnoxious resort fee.
But normally I do Sunday, Monday, Tuesdays, not popular weekends that can cost as much as $239 a night BEFORE the obnoxious aforementioned resort fee.
But I had great seats to finally see k. d. lang -- AND SO -- I went bargain shopping.
All bargains led me to the Vegas Station casinos.
And all Yelp reviews cautioned that you get what you pay for.
And so the idea of abandoning the entire casino thing hit me and I was like, hey, how about a Hampton Inn way off the strip.
Instead I found this La Quinta.
Now, compared to the rooms and pool and spectacle of the Mirage, this was a joke.
But that's like comparing Carl's Jr to Houstons.
What I wanted was an affordable weekend rate -- which with AAA it was.
I also wanted some place to eat nearby in case I didn't feel like going all the way to strip quite yet.
Was I ever rewarded for that.
Two restaurants are practically in the parking lot:  FIREFLY Spanish Tapas and SIENA Italian cuisine.
The tapas was okay, a little loud inside, but fun and cheaper than the strip.
SIENA was amazing and easily the best Italian food bargain on and off the strip (see my related review).
Both of these restaurants are important to consider, because the 'fancy' eats in the Mirage are twice the price but not twice the quality.
So here was a foodie's HUGE payoff for the gamble.
Where my partner in crime and I got hosed was the pool and hot tub.
They had one of each.
They were clean.
They were small.
Someone made a decision whether parking was more important than the pool.
Parking won, which is unfortunate, because the pool was shrunken to ensure parking.
Instead of plants around the iron gates, you could hear every last noise of the adjacent apartment building complex.
Leaf blowers, trash collecting trucks, you name it.
It's strange that it was so noisy, because the hotel was otherwise quiet and cleverly off the main drag.
The rooms were a beige blah and fake wooden furniture.
However, they were clean and the beds firm.
They do need to rework their window shades to ensure actual darkness because a ton of light pours in.
So if you're used to strip elegance and demand it, pay through the eyeballs on the weekend to get it.
If, like me, you'd rather invest that mark up in good eats and see a few shows, this may be a place to try.
By the by, if you intend to stay here but visit the strip, you'll need a car.
Twenty minutes or so each way is ridiculous in a cab.
Thankfully many strip hotels offer free parking.
One warning:  my first night of sleep was lousy.
This was the fault of the staff and not the room.
See, the room has this tricky way of working the AC, and my window AC unit should have had a sign telling me to ignore the unit's buttons and instead find the wall thermostat by the bathroom.
Basically, my best advice here - or in any such hotel when you're in this situation -- is too insist someone show you how to use it if you can't figure it out.
One cool tip:  so you don't want to feel like a loser at this place but instead sip martinis in a fancy place?
THE RED ROCK CASINO is just minutes away.
Go there.
BE fabulous.
The savings at La Quinta will buy you a dinner with those martinis.

We stayed here on our return trip from New Mexico.
Staying in the suburbs of Las Vegas was a bit of a jolt after two weeks in a secluded house in the high desert, but our dog sure seemed happy to see the nice strips of manicured lawn that surround this La Quinta via a series of higher-end strip malls.
The hotel staff were friendly, the room was clean, and everything was mostly in order.
The gym equipment was wobbly (with the elliptical being dangerous in that regard) and the exercise room was a bit humid due to its proximity to the pool, but we enjoyed our break from driving and would stay again.

I have been living in this hotel for the better part of a year.
The front desk staff is very friendly and helpful.
They have fresh baked cookies every night at 7 - chocolate chip is by far the best if you get them warm.
My room has a full size fridge, two burner stove, cupboards and dishes.
They are comfortable and clean, but not fancy.
They recently upgraded to new flat screen TV's in every room with dish satellite and nice coffee pots (Keurieg type).
The pool is small and clean, but open 24 hours so you can swim laps in the wee hours of the morning or evening when it's cool out and the kids are nowhere to be seen.
The exercise room is small and nothing to write home about - they have the basics, but I choose not to use it.
They have three washers and three driers in the laundry room, $3 to wash and dry a load.
The breakfast is decent: yogurt, cereal, waffles, boiled eggs, coffee and hot chocolate, watery juice, toast, bagels, bananas, and one rotating item (such as biscuits and gravy, pancakes, eggs and sausage, or just scrambled egg disks).
If you are staying here long term, check out Smith's for groceries.
It's several blocks NW on Charleston and Hualapai.
Much better than the nearby Albertsons for produce and selection.

I am just finishing up a stay at La Quinta.
I found all of the staff very helpful in all respects.
I read with disbelief the review that mentioned Julie because she has been mote the helpful during my week here and I find it hard to believe she would be dishonest.
I think it boiled down to miscommunication that probably escalated into an unfortunate situation.

Great hotel!
Fridge, nice bed, clean, nice tv & friendly staff at the front desk!
Ive stayed here quite a few times!

Great customer service!
While on a climbing trip,  we stayed two nights and loved it.
24 hour hot tub and pool.
Decent little breakfast, super clean and modern rooms.
Keurig, and a refrigerator, a very nice kitchenette.
Great Prices.
We called 4 or 5 different hotels in searching for a good room and a good rate.
Most the hotels were competitive in price but Sally sold us on the phone with killer service.
Once we checked in she was even more charming.
Infectious smile, and laughter with engaging conversation.
It seemed as she loved her job and the company she represented.
We will be telling our climbing friends/ community on line, and any one else debating between camping and hotel to check out the la quinta red rocks.

This place sure beats the campground at Red Rocks!
I stayed for a few days here to climb.
I had a kitchen, and my dogs were with me.
I was very satisfied with the stay.
There is no casino, or slots in the building, or close by, so it was very quiet.
Perfect after climbing some sweet routes down the road.
The pool and jacuzzi were great too.
As of this review, there were no dog fees and the staff was very dog friendly.
I will be returning!

Stayed here for a few days before our house was ready to move in.
Nice spacious room with a kitchenette and sitting area with a couch/pullout bed, and DirecTv.
The staff was nice and had a decent complimentary breakfast.
My only fuss was the bed.
I am used to a king-sized bed.
Not their fault it was only a queen.
The problem with the bed was that it was waaaay too soft, and felt like it leaned backward towards the head.
I felt like I was being swallowed when i got in.
There was a pool also, but I didn't have a chance to check it out.
Would definitely stay here again if needed.

