Ive taken a few of my coats and  jackets there & have never had a problem.
But this past christmas i took my very nice & expensive Hollister coat to be cleaned.
It was olive green with brown/black faux fur on a detachable hood.
Even though the fur is faux on Hollister's coats it should not be washed at home, the fur will become matted with a wierd texture.
When i went back to pick up my coat, i knew instantly that it had been washed.
The girl at the front desk apologized and took it back to see if it could be fixed.
When i called to inquire about my coat later that week, the MANAGER tried to lie to me & say that they hadn't washed it.
I told her off, and received my refund the week after that after filing a complaint with them to replace it.
Long story short; they ruined my favorite coat, & then tried to lie about it.

The staff is always upbeat and friendly and the service is always quick!!

Update your hours.
Just drove all the way to the west side to have a set of sheets cleaned only to find out you're incapable of correctly posting your hours of operation.
You lack conviction, sellouts.

I will say this review came so close to being one star, but in the end they saved themselves.
First off its a good location that's close to my work so that's good and having a drive thru is a plus as well.
Walking in Yvonne said that she would not accept my yelp check in 25 % off because she had not ever heard of yelp, that coupon or any association of it with te business.
I showed her multiple times and finally have up furious.
I needed my clothes done by the next day so I had no option but to leave them.
Grr.
14.80 for suits, 2.80 for shirts and 3.48 for ties.
A little expensive for me but considering I planned on using the coupon I thought it wouldn't be too bad.
Yvonne told me Togo to their website and print the coupons there.
Sorry, I work full time and go to school full time..
Ain't no body got time for that!
Fast forward.. Next day she told me to not worry about printing coupons because in my husbands suit she saw his name tag and that he's a manager at the Caesars casino so he automatically gets 20% off every time no matter what.
Umm ok, cool.
Getting home with my suits my husband loved the job they did.
I can never tell the difference but he says he can when he wears it.
Guess this will be our new go to cleaners place.

If I could giver zero stars I would!
Don't come here they ruin your clothes, lie, argue and don't return your calls.
As you can see I have 5 checkins, so I've been here up times without problem.
Well, the last time I went in with 6 dress shirts tone dry cleaned.
I receive them the next day and bring them home.
My husband tries to out them on and can't.
They'd been shrunk.
I go back to return them and speak with a supervisor, Melissa.
She says that she will turn them into the manager of the surrounding al Phillips to have a look at them.
Four days later I've had no call, no update on my shirts.
I call and she says to come get them, that's they're fixed.
I bring them home and they are still too small.
I bring them back a second time and she explains they hadn't turn them into the higher up but tried to add relaxant to them.
Um yeah, didn't work.
She says yet again she will turn them into the higher up.
A week goes by and I've heard nothing.
I all Melissa again and she explains that there's nothing they can do that I need to come in and fill out forms for a refund.
I come in that night ten minutes before closing and fill out a paper.
She says the lady will call me In a few days.... Another lie!
I get nothing.
I call Melissa and say I want the woman's number now before I file a complaint.
She gives me the number and my husband leaves a voicemail since the are his shirts.
The refund they owed us was 120 bucks.
Yes, 6 shirts at $20 a piece.
The lady calls him two days later while he's at work, he misses the ring, s he calls back immediately.
Yes, less than a minute and the receptionist says she left.
Um wtf?!
I smell BS.
"She will call you back later today.
" A week later, yes a week later she final calls back.
We are livid.
No, it gets worse!
This lady says they can't refund us the shirts because it's not they're fault because the shirts are cotton.
Um, if that's the case they need a sign o the door saying they don't take anything that can possibly shrink.
Hey, ding bat, we bring our clothes to you so they DONT shrink, that's why I don't wash them.
I'm still in shock it took over three weeks to speak with someone and ultimately they refused to refund our money on their mistake.
Ridiculous!
Now I'm out 6 shirts and had to replace them myself.
Do.
Not.
Come.
Here.
I should have known this place was sketchy when they wouldn't accept the yelp check in coupon.
I guess this is what I get for switching dry cleaners.

I have been taking my clothes here since 2007.
They have drive thru service and a very friendly staff.
They also have same day service if you drop your clothes off before 9 am.
I have not had any issues with cleaning or customer service.
They even replaced a button on one of my suit jackets without me even asking - no charge.

