You may not think Sam is all that fantastic but one of the hairdressers here IS!
Her name is Marcela.
I only get my hair done by her and its always what I want.
She recommends and helps you decide what you want to do but still listens to what you want.
She could definitely open her own shop and I would still be a client, as my whole family is.
If you are looking for a haircut with a small price but great attention to detail definitely check her out at this location!

I randomly came in to get 8 foils.
I was quoted 39.99 over the phone.
I was super excited to get that summer loom!
I went with a friend on 7-1.
Great they got me right in.
did not conslut with me at all.
In the mean time the hair dresser tells me I have fine hair but then charges me extra cause I have thick hair??
What the heck whos trying to get the $$?
I usually go to fantastic sams because of the friendly service.
However this was not friendly at all!
Marcela ddnt even take into fact that I was nervous.
Hardly even talked!
In fact another hairdresser came over Esther nd was so incredibly calming...
I should have waited for her!
Then I find out without telling me this grl charges me for things that she never told me she was doing!
I comming in expect to pay a certain amount nd I get told its $30 more than what I expect.
And they charged me extra for fine hair?
Who does this!
This is horrible service and I will NEVER go back.
I would rather go spend 200 at a real salon than to get treated like I did here!
I should not have paid them!
From,other things I hear after the fact that salon is only about the money!
They dont care about clients..
Even the manager is mean!
Worst experience I have ever had!
I should have gone to the school!
.not to mention I showed this Marcela a pic of exactly what I wanted and she ddnt even do that!
DONT GO HERE!

Every time I walk into this salon I am always immediately greeted by the friendly staff.
I have been going to Lily for about 3 years now and it's safe to say that I don't trust anybody else with my hair.
She always does a quick and fantastic job whenever I need a haircut, I'm usually out of the salon in 20 minutes.
She's really good at thinning out my hair and giving me layers.
My haircuts are usually $20, but usually I get coupons for Fantastic Sams in the mail and can cut that price in half.
A week ago I took a chance and decided to color my hair, the first time in 3 years, and I was a little apprehensive about it.
When Lily did it the first time around my highlights came out a little blonder than I wanted, so Lily let me come back less than a week later and added a little toner and I was extremely happy with the results.
It was exactly what I wanted.
The process of adding the toner, shampoo, and a blow out took only 30 minutes.
She fixed the color free of charge as well.
Overall, I highly recommend Lily to anybody needing a haircut or color, she always does a fantastic job!

Chuli cut my 5 year old's hair and she did an amazing job and was incredibly patient with the fidgeting.
What impressed me most, she listened to his direction and spoke directly to him.
Art cut my husband's hair and he was very satisfied with the results and attention to detail.
The owner (maybe manager?
) was very attentive  to us without hovering.
After my son's hair cut, while we were waiting for Dad to get done, the manager sat on the kiddie chair in the waiting area and played with him.
The whole experience was less than 30 minutes and a really nice mix up from the normal frustrating experience of trying to take a small child for a hair cut.

I take Yelp reviews seriously.
On the way to meet up with a 5 star Yelp friend in Summerlin, I turned to Yelp to lead me to a hairstylist in the area.
By the time Fantastic Sam's Hair Stylist Chuli did magic with my hair, I would join the upper star bandwagon.
Just like my reviews, except this one, Chuli was exceedingly detailed.
She was quiet and friendly.
And most of all talented!
A major difference from the Samuri hair stylist who cut my hair at Smart Style back in the summer.
The haircut was worth the $12.95 plus tip.The only drawback was there was no mention of shampooing the hair.
I guess when you got the hair styling talent, you don't need to shampoo somebody's hair.
I take Yelp reviews seriously.
Likewise I take writing Yelp reviews seriously.
I am serious when I recommend visiting this Fantastic Sam's for a haircut.

I went to Ester for the first time today and she is wonderful!
A great haircut!
Loving my new layers

Completely overcharged for my service.
I could have gone to a much better quality and posh salon for what I paid for a simple curled down style.
The hairdresser left iron kinks in my hair from improper curling.
I had to completely redo my hair before my event.
Very disappointed in the quality and service.
I recommend to take your business elsewhere.

I like going there because they give me a good blow dry.
Its affordable, and the staff are always friendly.
I leave with a big smile on my face every time.

Since I use Yelp for everything, I take reviews seriously and think more people should write about their experiences!!
I went to this location after I went all blonde (Paul Mitchell School of Las Vegas) even though it was a pretty shade it was WAY too Marilyn for my taste and very intense.. Not too mention I already have light brown hair and didn't need to be completely bleached!!
ESTHER saved my life!
She listened to my concerns and provided me with as many options as I could afford (since I'm ballin' on a budget--college smh)   Esther is a color expert.
She foiled my whole head and incorporated four different shades of darker and golden blondes to give me the natural look I wanted.
She works extremely fast and did my hair and another women's roots and trimmed it and neither one of us were left waiting.
(Her roots also turned out awesome-if I do say so myself)  Even with all the amazing work Esther did, since this was a correction job, I did need some more foils on my roots after we dried it all out.
No problem for Esther!
She went right to it and was happy to make sure my hair was perfect.
Esther is extremely efficient, professional and energetic.
She has a wonderful sense of humor and made me feel confident that my hair would turn out great.
Thank you, Esther!
I will be returning!!
Never going to a school again!

