Their new Pizza formula:  Pros: Well, it was an improvement.
Cons: Salty crust.
The sauce is way too sweet.
The box still might have tasted better.
Well, it was worth a try.

Okay so after about 30 minutes of debating to myself whether or not I wanted to try their pasta bread bowl, I went for it.
I ordered the chicken alfredo bread bowl and boy was it GOOD!!!
When it comes to ordering food, especially pizza, I prefer to order it on-line only because it takes us FOREVER to decide what we really want.
lol.
They have this new light up pizza tracker that lets you know exactly whats going on with your order from the time they stick it in the oven up until the time the delivery driver has it in their car, it's actually pretty neat.
Nice time estimations too!
I got the chicken kickers and the chicken alfredo pasta bowl!
both were yummy, definitely much better then i expected!

We have all done things we aren't proud of...even Rex Marvin.
Sure, I threw a blind old lady down a flight of stairs for touching my foot with her cane.
I have gone into hospitals and eaten people's food while they are asleep, took the flowers and used their toilet and not flushed.
I have chased little kids off my lawn with a hacksaw and a freshly cut pigs head.
I have thrown snowballs that I have soaked in waters and put in my freezer until they were harder than rocks at Girl Scouts just so they would drop their boxes of cookies.
I have dreamed of Kenny G naked.
I have done ALL of these things AND some things that I am not proud of.
I will share one shameful secret with you now.
For years, when the tin can collection business was bad, and when the Cabbage Patch sex doll modification industry bottomed out...I was forced...to eat Domino's pizza.
I know!
I know.
I am a monster.
I hate myself.
I really do.
It is like the time I slept with Melissa Rivers, there is no excuse.
There is no water that can clean my body, no booze that can erase my memories, no religion that can fix my broken soul.
Melissa and Dominos...two of the most horrible things anyone can put in their mouth.
For months I have seen the commercials that Dominos have changed.
Apparently the old chef's formula of tire rubber, used diapers, cheese made in the Ukraine and some kind of red liquid type substance was no longer suitable to the American palate.
News flash...it never was!
It was cheap.
It was easy to get and 9 out of 10 times conveniently placed near a hospital, insane asylum, refugee camp, old man bar or a factory whose chemicals were so strong that it removes 2 or more senses from its long term employees.
The weak, the drunk, the drug addled, the infirmed, the crazy, the stupid and the people who didn't know any better were the Domino's typical crowd.
The lobby of a Domino's rivaled the DMV for the scariest place on earth.
Well...dear readers...I know you love me.
I know you worship me.
I know that I am your God.
You know I hate you all, but you don't care.
That makes me hate you more.
Well, your love of me after this admission will complete the process from abject hatred to indifference.
I tried it again.
I did.
The commercials got me.
I had to know this hot crap could be any better?
Well, you know what...it is.
It is MUCH better.
I want to preference this part of my review by saying that all chain pizza places suck and they should not be considered to be real pizza by anyone who doesn't live in Idaho, because they are rubes who know no better.
So my stars are based only on chain pizza places and not real food.
So, I tried the new and improved red sauce pizza and it is good for what it is...a step above frozen pizza, and 10 steps below real pizza.
I didn't think it was the greatest thing since sliced bread, I didn't think it was as good as good plain bread.
It was a pretty decent chain pizza.
Well, after that...and this accounts for one star...I had a revelation...they serve white sauce and BBQ sauce.
The BBQ sauce was okay, take it or leave it...but the white pizza was so damn good it made my knees shake.
This was actually a good pizza.
Here is why.
The white sauce was good, I added chicken and bacon for my toppings...immediately I am giving Dominos every chance to be good.
How can you screw this up...well they didn't and they did something wonderful.
The butter cheese spread they put on the crust that really is a decent addition with the red sauce, and useless with the BBQ, was now a true delight.
This pizza was rich, buttery, cheesy, and delicious.
It cost me 6 bucks, and for 6 bucks I will get it again...and not just when I am high as a kite off of dust cleaner fumes...oh no...it is good enough to eat sober...and lets face it...whoever thought they would say that about Dominos?
Rex doesn't hate you.
Rex hates everyone.

This dominoes has really uped their game i order for my business and home and they always cater to my needs thank you!!!

Its Domino's.
The service was on-time, and very friendly.
But, it's just Domino's, so the pizza was basic and served the need for a house full of last minute guests.

Horrified.
I walked in and watched the two women stuffing subway in their mouth.
The sandwiches were right on their workspace.
Not only that, but I watched one of the females walk over to box a pizza without gloves after handling her sandwich.
Personal food should be separate from the work place.
That's cross contamination and it's extremely unprofessional and just disgusting.
Meanwhile, the workplaces were disgusting.
The surfaces had cheese all over the place, and that powder on the bottom of your pizza was all over another counter mixed with pizza sauce drippings and cheese.
Clean up before stuffing your face at the least please!!!
I work in the lakes business park and will indefinitely be warning my co-offices about this health violation trap.
First an last time going here.

Hit or miss!
Ive ordered from this bish a lot and for the most part theyre pretty good!
These last 2 times are like WTF though!
Ok so I LOVE buffalo chicken pizza, and its seriously not that hard to make!
The first time they made me one it came out pretty good.
I then ordered it from the Dominos on Del Webb and they made that bad boy on point!
Plus the guy was a hottie!
Anway, about 3 weeks ago I ordered a pizza, it came out horrible!
There was literally a bottle of red hot poured on my pizza!
So I spoke to the manager and he gave me a free pizza.
Well I redeemed it a few days ago and AGAIN I was displeased.
How can you eff up a buff chicken pizza?!
You put some hot sauce, cheese, chicken, and bake!
NOPE.
Idk if Ill come back to this place, I may just go see the hottie who knows how to make the pizza!

Seriously, I am a huge fan of Dominos and their breadbowls!
In every other place, I order pasta with alfredo sauce, chicken, bacon, and mushrooms.
I ask for EXTRA on everything.
Wanna know what I get?
5-6 pieces of chicken.
Very little bacon.
And dry pasta.
In other dominos, I get what I ask for.
and it is AMAZING.
Not here.
Now my next favorite thing HOT WINGS.
They're so dam stingy here!
My hot wings were regular wings with almost imaginary sauce.
Wth!
No sauce whatsoever.
Where I used to live, their stuff was always great.
I hate that this dominos doesn't deliver what I ask for.
Makes me MAD.
I have to drive elsewhere for my hot wings and pasta.
Not cool, dominos.
Not cool.

Beats Little Ceasars any day and about the same price

The food was made really good and it got delivered really quick!
I will be ordering again for sure :)

This dominos always does a great job on my pizzas.
Sometimes we pick up instead of getting it delivered and The people who work there are friendly.
When we get it delivered, the drivers are always nice and the pizza hot.
I usually get pepperoni and mushrooms or salami and mushrooms and the ingredients always taste fresh.

So far this is my favorite Dominos and usually do a great job on my pizzas.
Only had one mistake so far  in a year and they brought us a new pizza at no charge.
(I originally did a take out order) Now that's great service!
I love the dough and sauce, and usually get a hawaiian or green pepper,onion and sausage which have always rocked in the past.
Also, despite moving I still take the time to go to this dominos because everyone there gives great service and I like familiarity.

Fast, courteous and the pizza tastes great.
Never eating at Little Caesars again, I rather pay the $3 extra for a fresh Artisan than $5 for something sitting out for hours.

I order from this store at least 5-6 times a week.
As well as multiple other stores across Las Vegas because of my consistent trips around the valley throughout the week.
Their Pizza as well as other edibles they have are always delicious and cooked as well as they advertise, the quality from what I can tell from being a professional pizza eater is second-to-none.
I've tried every single big shop in Vegas as well as a few mom and pop shops and Domino's has it right.
Excellent service from everybody I've interacted with as well.

