Solid Del Taco location.
I use their Drive Thru 99% of the time I visit.
They're always fast and accurate with the order, which is all you can ask for when you're picking up a quick meal for hungry kids waiting at the park.
Will I return?
Until my kid moves out of the house, I'm sure I will.

For a fast food chain, you can't go wrong picking up some of their breakfast taco's.
I love the Carnitas egg taco's.
The egg is just scrabbled, nothing fancy about that, but the Carnitas are a little bit of spice, and they put on pico de gallo and chopped cilantro and onions all  wrapped with a corn tortilla,  very good start for the day.
This is cheap, fast and flavorable!

This is the only Del Taco I've been to and I dig it.
I've never been much a fan of tacos, but for $2 I can get a nice, quick meal.
I've only been inside once and it's fairly dirty, but the food is fine.
I'll continue to enjoy the craving for cheap lunches.

Del Taco is the best Mexican chain fast food ever.
Go on Tuesday for taco tuesdays.
It's 3 regular (beef) tacos (hard or soft) for $1.
Otherwise the tacos are $.49 each.
Thursday are 3 chicken soft tacos for $2.
Yes, it's totally worth it.
Get the Del Inferno sauce if they have it.
I get 90000 packets and use it when I cook (when that happens 4 times a year).
The chili cheese fries are bomb too.
But don't order any of the burgers here; it's a trap!

So my fiancee and I were looking for places to have our wedding dinner with our new joint families... We looked at all the usual suspects, Joël Robuchon, Prime, Twist, etc...  What we realized was... why go fancy when you can go big, and big Mexican style.
We are both S.Cal kids and we realized that for the $1,000+ that our parents would spend on dinner for 7 or 8 at one of those places we could have 2,041 tacos... so we did that instead.
SO TOTALLY AWESOME.
I suggest if you ever can do it, SPEND THE MONEY AND WITNESS 2,041 tacos.
We are now looking for a lap band studio to help us with the weight we gained.
LOVE LOVE LOVE the "Dell"

Expedited, hot & fresh, Del Taco quality food.
What more do you ask of a fast food chain?
Note: every time I am at this particular DT they go cheap on the package sauces ie: DT hot sauce or ketchup.
Be sure to ask for a specific quantity or else your food could end up being free of DT hot sauce, and thats always a sad day lol:)

Went for a late night snack.
The food was edible.
The guy who worked there was nice.

The only reason im giving this five and not less is because we have a give and take relationship lol sometimes im a b!tch and they tolerate it and some times they fu*k up my order and I tolerate it even when i get the wrong food its still good ya i like it!

Oh I forgot David and matt always get it right thanks guys

Saw that Del Taco wasn't voted favorite or second favorite taco place by Las Vegas Review Journal readers.
How can taco Bell be more popular than Del Taco?
69 cent basic tacos and $1.09 for three on Tuesdays is an incredible bargain.
And better yet, they taste really good.
And BTW, the crinkle cut fries are awesome too.

It's ok, the only thing I order from here are the chicken soft tacos!
It is awesome because they are open at all times of the day, so whether you need some fast Mexican food during the day, or if you need some tacos to help your drunk self, this is the spot!
Cheap

Del Taco (insert greater than sign) Taco Bell.
Period!
Del Taco uses better ingredients than Taco Bell/Taco Hell.
Real meat vs "proteins, which can include all kinds of fillers favored by cost cutting TB.
And hot food is served hot!
I stop by here every once in awhile, because if you want a quick fast food chain burrito or tacos, this is the brand to turn to.
It's not gourmet but still nom nom yum good.
Plus I had good memories of Tuesday taco eating contest with the college roomies back in the days when it was $0.99 for 3 tacos (different location).
BTW, if you are going to do taco eating contests, don't get the soft shell tacos like I did.
It was like a work out for your jaw after you are only 1/2 way through your first dozen.

I'm not sure if it's been redone recently, but the inside of this del taco looks nice!
The only downside is that you have to get the workers to unlock the bathrooms, but they have a button at the counter, so it's not a big deal.
I don't think I've ever had any issue with my order being wrong.
I forget if they do it at this location, but often in the drive-thru, the workers will tell you what's in the bag as they hand it to you, which is nice, since it seems to improve the accuracy of the order.

Oh del taco how my heart has a soft place for you.
Probably because I used to work here in high school.
If you want to know how things are made, feel free to ask.
I know all the secretly good items too.
This one in particular always has my order right an the graveyard cashier is always friendly, quick and funny.
It's important they don't lose their customer service which many do since the late hour always brings jerks and drunks.

I make it a point to 'eat-in' at this location at least once a week simply because the manager here makes it his job to welcome you like this was the "CHEERS" bar and you are his most important customer!
Friendly, it doesn't get better, and as for the food - FANTASTIC munchies at amazingly low prices for the great quality that you get.
Piping hot when it should be and their 'Crunchtada/tostadas for a buck are a meal in themselves.
You won't find a better, cleaner, nicer and more friendly REALLY FAST food place in Las Vegas!!

I've gone to this Del Taco for years.
It's always been consistent with corporate standards.
From day one, the restaurant and parking lot, have been clean.
I used the Drive Through.
It was a perfect experience.
Anytime I'm in the area, I love to visit this Del Taco.

