Fast.
Friendly.
Affordable.
Located somewhat off the strip and open later than most garages, it's a good place to have your car towed to off the 15.
Make sure to have your AAA card ready for a discount.
The place is clean and open the two guys that run the place are really nice.
They aren't the most technologically advanced fellows but they get the job done.
If you are driving into Vegas and unexpectedly need work done, ask these guys first.

I was recommended to Art's Auto from a longtime colleague of mine, but had a new car and didn't need servicing.
After buying a classic car, I took it there to get a tune-up and what another mechanic had told me was a rear-main seal repair.
After his reasonable estimates, I left it there overnight (locked in the bay...Joel offered!
), and the next morning he called that the seal didn't need repair.
However, most of the other seals did!
He talked with me that it was not urgent, and instead of spending over $2K on un-needed repairs, he told me to wait until it really needed it.
It was great to find honest & friendly service (at a fair cost!
) in Vegas, and I will definitely be back!
Highly recommend it.

Art's was recommended to me by a co-worker.
As a female, I'm sick of being ripped off by mechanics and I mentioned this one day and she told me about Art and how honest his shop was.
Well, when my car started having brake issues, I of course took it into the dealership.
According to the dealer, my car had serious problems that would require new brake pads and over $1,100 in work.
Before I signed off on it, I decided to let Art check it out.
Well, lo and behold, my brake pads only needed to be ROTATED and a couple of other things needed to be "tuned up.
" Now guess what I was charged at Art's?
Around $200.00!
That was my first of many experiences with Art's Auto Service and I have more stories just like this.
I trust Art's shop with my car and I recommend him to all of my friends and colleagues.
Go here if you don't want to get scammed or ripped off.
It's really nice here in Las Vegas to find a mechanic that that truly wants your business FOR LIFE.
I will never go to another auto service center ever.
Period.
This really is as good as it gets!
My 5 star rating is much, much deserved.

Art's was recommended by a family friend; however, after my experience there I am really wondering how often they actually used Art's.
The guys working the front desk are super nice, but unfortunately the actual work there was absolutely no good.
The only thing they got right was a basic oil change.
I have a 2004 Toyota SUV and I took it into Art's for the first time for some work and they replaced the shocks, did the oil change, and supposedly did some work on the brakes.
They charged us just over $1,000 for the work which was reasonable.
I have no problem with that.
A couple days after getting the car back it started making a really obnoxious squeaking and creaking noise when I braked, turned, went over bumps, or even got out of the car!
We called Art's and took the car back.
The mechanic got into the car to listen to the noise while I drove and commented that he is "not used to working on cars like this".
I'm not sure what he meant, a Toyota is pretty common and basic!
We left it there and it was quiet for about a day after picking it up later.
It started squeaking again, this time it was worse though.
We decided to pay and take it to Toyota AutoNation and they figured out the problem right away.
Art's had given us a defective shock that wasn't supposed to go in my type of car.
I'm baffled on how they didn't realize this the second time around at Art's.
We took it back for the third time, told them what AutoNation said and showed them the paperwork, and they replaced the shock.
However, a couple days later the car was worse than ever and I was almost scared to drive it.
We gave up on Art's and went back to AutoNation.
The shock Art's used was STILL the wrong type of shock, and they told us my wheels could have come off while driving.
They also checked the brakes and apparently there was about a millimeter left on the back where Art's had supposedly fixed them.
My car is now just fine thanks to AutoNation's common sense.
I am very disappointed with Art's: It complete wast of time and money on incompetent mechanics and useless car parts.

Best auto shop in town Joel is extremely helpful and knowledge.
He and Art are able to get needed parts for vehicles in quite a timely manor.
The mechanic have exceed all expectations of a grade A auto service.
I recommend Arts Auto to anyone who needs auto service.

This review is long overdue.
I've been going to Arts for atleast 8 years and have had nothing but top notch, honest service!
I'd recommend to anyone!

So far nothing they did was of quality work.
Had to bring back repair, steering went out with family in car.
Getting follow up repair now, we'll see.

