This was my third Home Inspection on three homes in two different states.
I'd been lucky enough to have had good experiences with the others but the most recent by Home Pride Inspections was, by far, the best experience.
Not only did the Inspector take the time and effort to thoroughly explore every nook and cranny of the house; thoroughly test all electrical, plumbing, & HVAC systems; check & double-check the appliances; and investigate signs of possible past problems - he took the time to explain his thought processes and offered a few (off-the-record) suggestions for repairs.
The inspector compiled all his findings with photographs into an amazing document (that would have taken me hours to compose) on-the-fly and after the inspection, spent time going over each item with me as we walked the house.
I received his complete report via e-mail less than an hour later which I used as a repair check-list.
I cannot vouch for any of the other inspectors with the company but if ours is any indication of the quality, professionalism, expertise, and affability of the rest, you will not be disappointed.

This is our first time purchasing a home.
Kevin B. was great!
He took his time to go through his report right then and there with us and explained everything.
Answered our questions and even gave us a few pointers.
Very happy with the service.

I am so very thankful to Will from Homepride Inspectors for his very valuable and professional services.
Will is so amazing and the best inspector EVER!!
He is  really looking out for the buyers interests and he works for the buyers.
I am amazed on how specific and thorough he is.
It seamed like he was inspecting the house like I was one of his family members.
He really does care and you can tell he loves his job.
I would recommend him in a heartbeat to anyone that is looking for a true and honest inspection.
I usually don't recommend people especially with such an important choice, however, I have no doubt in my mind that Will will care for your interest as he did with me.
Thank you once again for your professionalism, unbiased, and expert services Will.
I am amazed :-)  I had previously had a horrible experience with another company that had been biased and I lost thousands of dollars unknowingly buying a very damaged house.
So a big thank you from me and my family!!
:-)

Friendly, knowledgable, and thorough, yet quick!
I've now had two houses inspected by Kevin and each have provided me with confidence in the quality of the home I was purchasing because of his report.

First time Home Buyer here, and was recommended to work with Will M. by my outstanding realtors.
Will took the time to show me what all he's looking for, what looks right and what doesn't.
He explained how to identify things that could start to be going bad, how to fix items before they become an issue and numerous other preventative maintenance items to help save my family money.
Being in the military, having a fellow veteran show me the ropes was very comforting and seeing the commitment he still has for his job left me knowing nothing had been missed.
I recommend Home Pride Inspections to anyone who needs an inspection done right and efficiently the first time!

AMAZING.
This coming Monday we are getting our keys to our new home.
Kevin did an awesome job, he explain with details what is going on with the house.
The house was excellent condition btw, still...
I was there during the inspection and talking to Kevin feels like he once lived in the property.
Quality service.
If I will buy another house I will sure  call Kevin again!
I never wrote a review for a long time but this deserve to be written!

