Whenever I'm in Vegas I take a break from the strip and head here to gear up for some healthy recreation in the beautiful surrounding red-rock mountains.
About 10 mi off the strip you'll find the a huge selection of bikes and accessories to outfit any 2 wheeled (human powered) adventure.
The shop carries top end products at fair prices.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
They rent road and mountain bikes (Specialized and Ellsworth) at slightly high prices but the quality is excellent.
If you plan to rent you better reserve in advance as they often sell out for the day.
Its also home base for Escape Adventures, offering premiere day and multi-day trips around the south west.
The guides are awesome riders who are more than willing to share their knowledge of riding and the local terrain.

On my recent "mancation" to Las Vegas, my buddy and I who are avid cyclist, decided to find a place to rent road bikes for the day and hit the desert to see what Nevada had to offer.
We found this shop on a Google search and gave them a call on the day of to see if they had bikes for rent.
Indeed they did and on our sizes too.
If you are staying on The Strip, you need to take Gold Line northbound and get off in the Arts District and take another bus westbound on Charleston Blvd.
There's a bus stop you get off across from the shopping plaza where the shop is located.
Road bikes are $49+ tax for the day and you have to return them by 6PM.
The bikes are nice Cannondale CAAD9s.
You are given an emergency kit with spare tube and air pump and a Gyro helmet.
We also had the option of putting our choice of clipless pedals to use with our shoes.
Unfortunately neither of us brought shoes and that was something we'd regret later as the lack of foot retention was bothering us on our ride later.
We asked if they has any cage pedals but they weren't offering that due to liability reasons.
That was my only complaint, but I understand.
Perhaps they can offer shoe rentals like a bowling alley to use with clipless pedals instead.
The staff was friendly and gave us a map and told us how to get to Red Rock Canyon bike trail from our current spot and find the scenic overlook.
It was a difficult trek for my friend and I who are used to flat land but the rude back was all downhill and it was like nothing we'd ever experienced!
Highly recommend renting from  this shop due to the proximity of Red Rock Canyon nearby.

I decided to get back on a bike, after 10+ years of not riding.
Wow has a lot changed!
The staff at LVC was stellar!!
They answered every question, and there were many, with patience and care.
Not to mention made me a great deal on a new Santacruz Heckler.
Outstanding service and an excellent deal earn them all 5 stars.
I highly recommend them for buying or renting.

I am a local that moved here to vegas a couple of years ago and regrettably left my local bike shop.
When I moved here i was at a loss as to where to go to buy a new mountain bike as well as repairs for my small collection of bikes.
I at the time was in the market for a new mountain bike and went almost immediately after I moved here to one of the larger bike shops in town.
I was not treated welll considering that i was looking at a 2500 dollar bike.
I then went to another bike shop out in boulder ( because I had no idea where to go) and bought a bike on sale.
They did not even do an inspection and sent me out with half flat tires.
At this point I had given up on bike shops in Vegas and just assumed they were all full of bike snobs and lackluster guest service.
Then I found Las Vegas Cyclery!
I have gone in there multiple times to buy accessories and bike repairs.
I brought my mountain bike in with a bent rim and spokes, they performed a tune up and repaired the rim problem for the price of the tune up.
When i got the bike back it was in better working condition than when I bought it.
I then recently brought in two road bikes that have close to three thousand miles each on them.
I got the bikes back and was so impressed with the way they looked I couldnt believe it!.
They looked good as new!
I then went for a short ride when I got home and the bike shifted better than it ever has ( like butter).
I dont know the name of the person that did the tune up but thankyou.
I have nothing but good things to say about the shop,its staff and selection of bikes and accessories.
I can finally say that I have found my new local bike shop and will send all my friends and family there.

Groupon motivated my introduction to this business and not only did I receive a stellar deal for all the services I received, but the employees went above and beyond the work needed for those services.
I will return and recommend.

Good service!
My uncle bought a Tarmac Pro SL from here.
I went in to check out a Serfas bike case, when i called in they were charging $40 above retail.......they told me they would match the price.
So i walk in, tried to purchase a bike pump.........$5 more than the place down the road i had just come from.
Decided to price check once more, Park Tools 15mm pedal wrench.....same one i bought in SF for $10.
Down the road it was $11.50, this place...........$15!
Twice a couple bucks, fux.
They must deal with a lot of yuppies or something.

the last bike my parents bought for me was made of wood so i stop in and talk alittle about bikes while they fix a couple of tires for my kids bikes - i love this place they have a passion for bikes and for good service and for getting the right fit in a bike I am slowly getting back into cycling because of the great feel of this store - as a plus every time i have a flat they just zip zip change out the tube while a wait no charge -   great place - i drive past 4 bike shops to see them

This shop was recommended by a local friend as a place to rent bicycles.
I was inspired by the self guided tour online.
They do not host the afternoon tour on Sundays since they close at 4.
Service was amazing by one employee and rather poor by another.
The lack luster service was due to the entire shop swooning over a beautiful girl racer that had walked in.
But thanks to the fella who was working for a living, I did manage to get a bike and cold weather wear.
I recommend calling the shop closer to red rock down on charleston if you are not on a tour though.
Las Vegas residents do not like to share their three lane roads when there is not a bike lane.
So due to location and danger of getting to where bike lanes exist I won't be returning.

Horrible customer service!
Walked in on a Saturday afternoon & there were several workers and we were the only customers yet no one said hello or offered help.
We were looking for a new road bike but will never give business to a place like this that won't even offer help.

Best bike shop for Triathletes that I have ever been to.
Having lived in San Diego, Eugene, San Francisco, Washington DC, and Providence, among other cities, I can say that these guys are the coolest, nicest, most experienced bike shop guys I've found.
I was visiting Vegas from San Francisco and the crank on my Orbea TT/Tri bike came off mid-ride.
I wasn't sure why and didn't feel comfortable just screwing back on myself.
I had 5 more days of training planned so I really needed a mechanic on short notice.
Here's what I loved:   - These guys saw me without an appointment  - They immediately diagnosed the problem (no cap on the crank..must have fallen off or never made it on the bike after my bike shop built my bike up)  - They did not have the part in stock, but they spent 30 minutes searching their store looking for the bolt I needed to take from another bike.
They said they would take one, order the part and then replace it.
They finally found it on a 3 year old cyclocross bike.
(begs the question why Orbea is using an old FSA crank on the 2012 bike)  - They did not charge me for labor, and only $10 for the cap  - I tried to offer them at least $50 for labor, but they refused  So, the way I see it, I was an out of towner, with no connections, no possibility of buying a bike or even being a repeat customer, and these guys bent over backwards to help me.
I can only imagine how the regulars get treated.
I wish we had a bike shop like this in San Francisco.
My needs were very specific.
I am confident that if you're a triathlete or serious cyclist, you'll like these guys.
If you're looking for a cruiser or to rent a bike, might not be what you're looking for, but my guess is they are cool to everyone.
Thanks Las Vegas Cyclery.

I was in town on a business trip and had an extra day or so to have some fun.
Went to this shop and rented a decent bike for $40 and got about 100 miles of great riding in.
They were super good at giving me directions, fitting me to the bike, giving me water, and even inviting me to a club ride the next day.
Great experience.
Easy.

I would highly recommend this bike shop to any local or out of town visitor for all of your bicycle needs.
At first glance when you walk in the store appears to be a small, dark and disorganized.
It is located in kind of a crappy strip mall so it does not have the best first impression.
But soon you will find that the employees here are very professional and extremely knowledgable.
They are very passionate about biking and are tied in closely to the Las Vegas Biking community.
The owner of the store lives in Blue Diamond and built most of the mountain bike trails in Cottonwood Canyon.
I was in the market for a new mountain bike and several friends in town recommended this as the best place to go.
I was new to mountain biking and really unsure of where to start.
As soon as I walked in one of the employees, Steve C., came up and asked me if I needed help.
He was outstanding.
He answered all of my questions and did not try to have me purchase something I did not need.
I left and came back to shop again about a month later and he recognized me and again patiently answered all of my questions.
When it came time to buy he offered a fair competitive price and gave me a 10% discount due to being a Lifetime Athletic Club member.
The store can be busy especially on weekends due to the high volume of rentals and tours they do with tourists.
As a local I am fortunate to be able to stop by during the week days.
It is rarely busy and I can always find someone willing to help me.

Awesome selection of bikes.
Awesome staff.
Awesome purchasing experience!
5 weeks ago I was a very novice cyclist and am proud to say that with the help of the staff and particularly Carol, I am not so novice anymore!
After research and shopping around at other bike shops, I finally decided that Las Vegas Cyclery was the store that I was going to make my big investment for a road bike and everything else that comes with cycling (shoes, helmet, pump, clothes, spandex).
Prices were comparable to the other shops, but most importantly, I felt so welcomed and at home at Las Vegas Cyclery.
Since then, I have come in multiple times to get professionally fitted on my bike, for various adjustments on the bike, and simply just to get professional advice from the very patient and very knowledgable staff.
I even learned how to change a flat tire.
I have been bitten by the "bug" so I know I will be coming in even more often.
They also rent bikes out to out-of-towners or even locals who want to try out the sport.
In fact, I had to rent a bike while my brand new bike was on order.
The staff are also cyclists themselves, so they know the best trails in the area.
The ONLY negative is that they do not accept AMEX, but they do take everything else.

While the people at LVC are very friendly and knowledgable.....
I am very disappointed with the level of service I have received in regard to my bike repair.
5 weeks ago I was in a nasty crash and immediately took my bike to the store.
It was brought to my attention that my carbon frame had cracked (minor) and that I had two options; 1) buy a new ride or 2) send to Calfee in California to have them repair.
After trying out 2 bikes (awesome rides BTW) to buy I chose the latter as my current ride just feels perfect to me plus spending 5k+ just isn't financially responsible at this point in time.
So LVC packed and sent my bike frame to Calfee.
It was repaired and shipped back to the store on October 9th, 10 days ago.
Last Friday (12th) I was told they needed another day or so to complete putting my bike back together.
I never heard from them all weekend.
On Monday I was phoned by them and told my bike would be ready by Wednesday (17th), Thursday (18th) at the latest (they needed to order a headset and tire which they didn't have in stock).
I didn't receive a call on Wednesday so I followed up with them yesterday to see what the status was.
They responded that the headset hadn't come in and that by Friday it will be done (I literally just got the call as I was typing this review that it is ready and I am heading there now to pick it up after completing this review).
While I really like the people at LVC and have sent several people to buy bikes there over the past year, the fact that I have been without my bike now since September 15th is beyond frustrating.
For LVC to sit on my bike for 5 days (left in the box) before even opening it seems ridiculous.
Further, when they tell me it will be done by a certain time and then keep pushing back the timeline is not what I would consider as the best customer service.
There is no point in mentioning anything when I go to the store now, I will just take my business elsewhere in the future as they clearly have indicated to me that my business isn't that important to them.
I find this all unfortunate too, I like supporting local mom and pop type businesses but this one has lost my business and my referrals going forward.

If you need service on your bike or you want to buy a new one, check out Las Vegas Cyclery.
I brought my tri bike there to be tuned up and packed up for my last Half Ironman race and the work was done in less than two hours--what?
They don't fool around there.
I'm looking forward to their brand-new location opening this month next to the Element Hotel--it's gonna be huge!

Las Vegas Cyclery's new location has opened and what a nice place it is!
Located right off of the 215 and Town Center, the shop is convenient to Red Rock for both road and mountain bikers.
The new building is spacious and, as the website describes it,  "...made using recycled materials, locally produced materials (within 500 miles max), completely powered by the sun and wind with a 50KW solar PV system and 5KW wind generator (net zero energy), LEED certified (shooting for the highest level - Platinum!
)"   LVC rents bikes if you don't have one and offers excellent service to tune or fix yours for you.
There's a large selection of bikes, as well, if you're in the market to buy--walking through gave me a bad case of bike envy.
I'm excited that the new shop is open and hope it inspires more people to get out, ride, and enjoy the beauty that our city offers for those on two wheels.

This shop is about 45 minutes from my house, but I'll do a lot for a Groupon.
I got my bike tuned up here.
I was also in need of a new chain and handle bar tape.
They told me it would be a couple days and I was not in a hurry but it ended up being over a week which I think is a little much for a basic tune up.
My rear derailleur ended up being a little over cleaned and under lubed upon riding it for the first time after the work had been done.
The bottom pulley is very squeaky and I am still trying to get it to go away.
The bar tape was installed very well and the whole bike was squeaky clean and perfectly adjusted mechanically.
I don't know if I could have returned and had them fix the squeaking but I am not too motivated to do so due to the distance.

After having three flat tires in 5 weeks, I decided to try another bike store to see about why it was happening.
The service member who looked at my bike put some new wheel tape in to guard against the spoke connectors rubbing the tube and getting a flat.
I rode for 8 miles yesterday and I didn't have to push the bike home with a flat tire.
It was great!
Now if it will just continue for another week and then another.
I really was pleased with my service and this will change to a 5 star review when the tube lasts like it should!

Searched online for a place to rent a bike and stumbled upon Las Vegas Cyclery.
I chose them because of the reviews and location.
It was near where i wanted to ride.
I finally found the shop which was a walk from where the 202 bus dropped me off.
As i walked in i was blown away by the selection of cycling gear etc... they offer.
Very nice shop.
They have a bunch of bean bag type seats for you to get comfy on and enjoy a free cup of coffee from their keurig.
Which i took advantage of after my ride...  Earl set me up with a Cannondale Caad 8 road bike to rent for the day.
I think it was $45?
He even let me leave my bag there after i changed into my kit.
After some brief directions on how to get out to Red Rock Canyon i set off on my journey.
Here's a link if you'd like to check it out.
https://vimeo.com/56567711  I got back and was freezing my ass off.
As i bundled up, drank three cup[s of coffee and fought off symptoms of pre-hypothermia, an employee sat down to see how i was doing.
Her name was Silvia Mosqueda, whom i found out is a former world champion distance runner.
I guess she saw that i was suffering so she told me to warm up and she'll give me a ride back to Las Vegas Blvd after she gets off.
So grateful for that act of generosity.
Thanks you soo much Silvia!
Talk about going above and beyond in customer service.
Especially trusting that i wasn't some weirdo.
Overall it was a pleasant experience and I will definitely rent a bike through them again.
I will come better prepared for winter though.
Mahalo Las Vegas Cyclery!
Aloha!

This is an update of the new shop!
If I could give it more than 5 stars, I would.
This new location is amazing and ultraGREEN.
You can see the 208 solar panels and a huge wind turbine from the 215.
And when you drive into the parking lot, there are preferred spots for hybrid and electric cars!
It is so green that it actually produces more energy than it uses!
There is a dirt bike path around the shop, a bike wash area that is completely energy efficient, and old bike parts being put to new uses in the shop!
Bravo to the owners, Jared and Heather, for setting such a great example!
So, I originally became familiar with the old shop when I got into cycling- buying my first road bike, getting professionally fitted on it, and even taking a Cycling 101 class.
And joining several of the bike rides from the shop.
Now, I am ready to get my feet wet with triathlons so I wanted a pair of good running shoes.
I heard great things about their new running center, staffed by world champion runner, Sylvia Mosqueda.
I have had knee issues in the past, and Sylvia took that into account as she found the perfect shoe for my feet.
She did a foot analysis and watched me walk on a treadmill to make sure it was a good fit.
Her expertise, knowledge, and attentiveness was fantastic.
She also told me about LVC's weekly running club on Thursday evening that I hope to check out soon.
If you are a cyclist, runner, triathlete- or have always wanted to try it- this is the place to go!
Whether you are a novice or an expert, you are in good hands with the LVC Staff!

Pretty, clean, environmentally responsible.
This new bike shop right off of the 215 (Town Center) is a wonderful testament to the owner's passion for the outdoors.
The shop is designed to run at 103% energy capacity -- yes, it produces more energy than it consumes!
LV Cyclery does this in several ways, including using "ultraefficient light-emitting diode lighting that emits little heat and two ways to cool the bike shop - a high-efficiency air conditioning and heating unit for extreme summer and winter temperatures and evaporative coolers for moderate weather" (LVReview Journal, Dec. 21, 2012).
Low flow water faucets in the bathrooms, a water fountain that features filtered water, and a recycle center that receives old bike parts in order to be transformed into other products all contribute to the fantastic mission of the shop.
LV Cyclery offers a nice variety of bikes, bike gear, and (trail) running gear.
Prices are reasonable and are competitive with other sports shops around town.
All staff members are enthusiastic practitioners of biking and running and are most helpful and friendly to those wanting or needing assistance.
Way to go LV Cyclery and congratulations on the new location!

The staff at Las Vegas Cyclery was incredible!
A group of us traveled from Chicago to ride the Adventurecorps Spring Death Valley Century.
The LVC staff was the best instore SAG team for us.
We had our bikes checked and adjusted.
Plus, my nephew rented a road bike.
They supplied him with an excellent road bike that met the demands of the century ride.
We were also able to rent a bike rack that secured our bikes for the ride to Furnace Creek.
At the end of our adventure, LVC packed and shipped our bikes for us.
Thank you for taking the hassles out of our trip!
Wish you were located in Chicago.....can't wait to visit with you again!

I can now update this review and give the Las Vegas Cyclery the full 5 stars.
When I first came here, I had gotten the third flat tire (same one) in 5 weeks.
When the repair guy looked at the inside rim, he saw that the wheel liner needed something better to protect the tubes.
The inside of the spokes were causing the rear tire to go flat.
As I was leaving, he said, "If that goes bad within 30 days, you bring it back and we'll take care of it!
"  It's been three months and I haven't had another flat.
Almost 300 miles on that tube and it's still working well!
The Cyclery deserves the 5th star!

If there was an option for no stars I would give it.
I was planning on buying 3 bicycles that day and my 8 year old daughter was so excited about moving into a young adult bike but this place made me not to want to buy a bike at all that day and I had to explain to my daughter why no one would help us,  I showed up here last Saturday afternoon (4-6-13) and stood there looking at the bikes for 25+ minutes and no one bothered to ask me if I needed assistance they just walked right by me in a rush to eat Hot Dogs with some event going on and making sure the dog was following behind from their upstairs office.
Then I stood at the customer service desk and it was even worse.
They wouldn't even look my way or acknowledge I was even there   What ever happened to customer service??
I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.

I stopped in there today and had a good experience.
First off the green building is awesome, this is for sure the best bike shop in town as far as selection goes.
1 min after I walked in the door Brian walked up and me and him started chatting about the bike I was looking for.
I told him what I thought I wanted and he made some suggestions too.
He was super helpful, Right off the bat he was like "Let me put some pedals on and let you ride this bike!
" OK!
After my test ride, he already had another bike ready for me to ride.
That's service!
So I rode the next one and it wasn't as nice as the first one.
When Brian heard I liked the first one so much more, he immediately went to the PC to see if it was in stock without me even asking, now that's thinking ahead!
But Alas, none in stock in the color I wanted and I have a ride to attend this weekend.
I haven't rode in years and I'm going to get back in it now that I miss it.
I went to other bike shops and haven't had such as good as experience as I had at LVC.
Needless to say I didn't order the bike, but chances are I might say screw it and get the color I didn't care for just cause the bike fit me so well and I was happy with the service.
I will add they had everything you could ever need for any bike.
Can't comment on the actual bike repair just yet.

Been to this store three times looking for a new bike.
Great looking store with amazing selection.
The worst customer service I've ever had!!!
I was looking into making a trip to California to buy until I found All Mountain Bikes in Boulder City, not the biggest store, but the salesman Jeff took amazing care of me.
Worth the drive out for sure!!!

Customer Service = None Most of the reviews on yelp seems to be by their own staff members.
Obviously, if you been in this store dress is regular clothes and not a cyclist, they tend to ignore you.
Seriously, go there to be ignore, while you check out bicycles that are over $1000.
What is the difference between them, no idea.
No one will help you in the store.
The only person that talk to me was another customer, that they ignored.
Hope this place shut down, what a horrible place.

I love that this shop moved closer to my house!
I've always been approached by staff when I'm there to see if I needed any help.
If I'm just browsing they check in and let me do my thing without hovering.
This last week we had family visiting.
We went in and rented a bicycle for my Mom to join us on some rides.
They got her a bike in her size, fitted it for her and we were on our way in about 30 minutes.
I wondered if not having a reservation would be a problem, but it was smooth and painless.
The bike came with a repair kit, and they had helmets available if she needed one.
I've been saving for a new bike, and I know where I'm headed when I'm ready.
Great green shop, and I thought the customer service was great.

I went in on 5/18 to talk to someone about my road bike and possibly buy a shorter stem.
I am getting into triathlons and my clip on aero bars aren't even remotely comfortable and I felt like I was stretched out to far.
The employee was condescending and just talked down to me like I've never ridden a bike.
He told me to take the aero bars off because I wouldn't be able to effectively use them.
I've only heard good things about this store but I'll never be back and won't recommend them to anyone.

I live in Las Vegas and have tried every shop in town.
This is the best shop by far.
The shop is stocked with excellent inventory - bikes, clothes, equipment, etc.
and they rent high end bikes.
The staff is knowledgable, and not pushy.

I took my bike into get a wheel repaired and in the process the mechanic accidentally dropped my cassette.
When he put the cassette and rearwheel back together he did not include one of the chain rings.
I went up to Brian head and did some downhill and I broke a couple of chains a couple of times.
When I went back to Las Vegas Cyclery after noticing that I only had nine gears on the back instead of 10 they gave me a brand-new cassette for free.
Altogether I'm not happy that the rear cassette got broken.
But the professionalism of Rob at the bike store And the fact that they gave me a new replacement cassette for free makes me want to give these guys big kudos.
Excellent customer service I will continue to use them time and time again.

I am only giving this place two stars because they have a fairly large selection and they did let us try out the bikes outside.
We were planning on buying some bikes for my two boys but it just didn't work out.
We were working with a salesmen, and then he just pawned us off on another employee and started working on a bike.
Maybe they have deadlines but I thought that is pretty crappy.
Too bad, the employees seemed nice but if I am dropping serious money on a kids bike, I expect better service.

I was in need of ordering a specific seat post for a Kestrel Talon and the Kestrel will only deal with shops.
I went over to LV Cyclery and Steve went above and beyond in assisting me getting the post from Kestrel.
He went as far as diagraming a picture with all dimensions, emailed to Kestrel and researched my options.
In the process of taking a few weeks to complete the order, he continually updated me with the progress which I have never received from any bike shop  Customer service was way more than I expected.
Don't hesitate to use these guys for any biking needs.

Horrible sales person today.
Let me start off by saying I can't even remember last time I've placed a complaint about anyone, but this guy really upset me today.
I went in to Las Vegas Cyclery to exchange a bike helmet I received from my mother-in-law for Christmas.
I had the gift receipt with the unused helmet in its box.
I told the salesman that I didn't like the color and wanted to take a look at the other helmets they had for an exchange.
I looked and didn't see anything that I liked, so I asked the salesman if I could look around the store for something that might catch my eye.
After walking around I didn't really see anything I needed.
I've purchased products here in the past as well as get my bike tuneup here.
I asked if I could receive an in store credit.
I was told no by the salesman.He told me they don't give in store credits.
He said I bought the helmet too long ago.
The helmet was purchased as a Christmas present on 12-20-13.
It is still on display with their other helmets.
At this point I felt he was giving me the run around, so I asked for the manager.
He then told me he didn't know where he was.
I informed him I would be willing to wait for the manager.
I waited for 10 minutes and still nothing!
Another employee jumped in and said they could put it back on my mother-in-law's credit card.
I called her and she had to drive down to Las Vegas Cyclery to put it back on her card.
When she got to the store she said that the salesman that was giving me problems was the one who sold her the helmet on December 20th and he told her I could bring it back with no problems.
I don't know if they get commission based on what they sell and maybe he didn't want it charged back to him or what.
I'm just disappointed in the lack of integrity and professionalism this guy had.
Note to the owners of Las Vegas Cyclery,  I guarantee this isn't the first time he's done this to a customer.
He doesn't have you or your customer's best interest at heart.
People like him can ruin your business.
He is the first and last impression customers have of your business.
Please be careful when you purchase products from Las Vegas Cyclery!

Who cares about how green or how big a place is if the service sucks?
On both visits, I was taken aback by the amount of pretension and ego I observed in two associates after I did nothing more than say hello.
I wish I remembered their names because that needs to be disclosed.
Additionally, this shop is overpriced.
For whatever reason they have chosen to operate like my car mechanic and charge an hourly rate of what appeared to be over $100/hour.
They also recommended work on my bike that I knew it didn't need.
I received further confirmation of this after I got a second opinion.
Lastly, when I went to pick up my bike, after I told them not to do repairs, I discovered they cut all of my brake and shifting cables, rendering the bike useless until I could find another shop.
For doing nothing more than saying hello and attempting to give them money for their services, this was a very disappointing experience.

I think that from the previous reviews this bike shop has gotten a bad rap.
I, from reading the comments, was hesitant on going to the shop but was interested in Specialized bike and being a beginner/entry level rider had lots of questions.
I decided I'd give them a try.
I went in and seen lots of different bikes and was somewhat overwhelmed.
I was approached after a few minutes and asked if I needed any help or had any questions.
Boy, this young man didn't know I had a million questions.
He was very happy and patient and answered all of my questions and even offered up several different bikes, and not the more expensive ones, but ones that would fit my budget.
He was more than happy to talk to me about the bikes and increased my knowledge of the road bike arena.
I asked for his business card and told him I'd call again and stop by next week.
Well, the bike that I wanted was there and was reduced in price, but having to work all weekend and all day long, I wasn't able to get to the shop during shop hours.
I did call them and asked several more questions and the gentlemen that I spoke with this time were just as helpful, patient and courteous.
I'm convinced that if they treat me this way when I'm looking and haven't bought yet, than I'm really feeling confident that the customer service will be just as great.
I think that you are doing a injustice to yourself and the business if you don't afford them the opportunity to earn your business.

My wife and I strolled in to pick up some new bikes.
I was ready to purchase a higher end 29er and my wife wanted some suggestions.
As we walked in there were two folks standing at the counter who did not even greet us.
One clerk was checking someone out and the other was just standing there.
We walked straight over to the row of bikes to see what they had to offer.
We slowly strolled to the end of bikes and did not have anyone ask us if we needed help.
So we made our way to the opposite end where they had a small corner of bikes and passed four employees; still no response.
Then made our way to the tires/restrooms with no help.
It's not like they were swamped with customers.
As I was browsing the tires a women employee w/ short hair walked in front of me and didn't even acknowledge me.
This is all in a 15 minute time span.
I finally got fed up and walked out.
Guess what??
There are plenty of other shops that will appreciate my business.

Love Kurt Horack!!!
Thank you so much for having our bikes ready for us to ride this past weekend.
Truly appreciate the sincere caring and passion.

Not sure where too go off on more less think why they even deserve a star more like no stars.
I came here too rent a Mountain Bike since one of my riding buddy who more of a Mountain Biker then road cyclist.
The only bike I own is a road bike.
The experience started off well but wow talk about things going south more like too the abyss once got out too Red Rock area too start our ride.
No more then 500 feet not even on trail took little drop and bam literally broke the derailleur in half.
Naturally upset because not only was ride over and done.
We did eventually go back got another bike and got my first Mountain Bike experience in.
Not even going into the details of the bike 101.
Totally possible if there is a hairline crack in the derailleur just the slightest vibration or who knows what that piece would snap in two.
It rental bike that been beaten down.
So who know the wear and tear been on the bike.
Just because the gear was shifting when I took the bike out the front door still the unknown factor.
So hoping for the best once we came back too the shop too get another bike or have them fix the bike.
Talk about the WORST customer service EVERRRRR.
Whoever the bald head worker on the mountain bike side totally unprofessional on every level.
When I rented the bike could and in hindsight should have signed up for the insurance.
It would have solved my problems and headache.
But really think that most shops would have better quality rental bikes or not give out ones with used parts that going too break.
I knew my mistake not too take the insurance.
Too have this gentlemen use the term lightly not just once but so many times lost count between time brought the bike back get new one and end of the day return the bike.
Oh told your friend should have signed up for insurance.
Off the top not going too get customer come back with that attitude one that felt he BELITTLE me, he better then me, then he goes on about all reasons my fault rather then things happens lets move on, work with me rather then being ignorant, and company policy this and that.
Too have the audacity, attitude, and keep hammering if I got the insurance solved the problem.
Not only that but smug look like going get insurance the second time.
I really was about too go off or walk right out the door.
I was amazed too think if this is the way they treat rental customer.
Forget about normal customer looking for new bike or bike needed repairs.
Think knowing that got rental bike trying something new would maybe want make experience good one.
Cause never know maybe get hooked on it come back get mountain bike.
That ship set sail after my one and only experience at Las Vegas Cyclery.
If do you come here make sure get insurance my point.
Talking too the workers get you nothing but headache....

I adore this place, mostly because of your exemplary employee, Sylvia who goes above and beyond the call of duty.
Her knowledge in the sport of running shines brightly and is paired by a rare ability to welcome each individual into the space; making them feel comfortable and at ease.
Dynamic character such as this is a rarity, and being treated with a high level of concierge service will bring me back again and again to your store!
Thank you!

Terrible customer service.
I wouldn't mind the prices so much if the service wasn't so horrible!
I've been in a few times.. And every time is the same.
Ignored, until finally someone comes to help and I'm treated like I'm wasting their time.
I guess the 1500$ specialized bike my mom bought just wasn't pricy enough to get some attention.
Won't buy anything again..

I am giving 3 stars because I loved the guy who fixed our bikes.
He had a lot of knowledge and spent plenty of time explaining things to us.
He did a great job and our bikes are in perfect condition for the summer.
He made some great suggestions that really spruced up my bike for a better ride.
I would give 1 star for the bald guy who does the sales in the front.
He came from McGhies and is totally rude and arrogant.
If you are not buying a really expensive bike or some crazy expensive gear he will want nothing to do with you.
Not sure if he works on commission but I would never buy anything from him.
I will go back and try this store again just because of the service guy.
But it is a real shame to have that man greeting you with an attitude.

