I have been to plenty of Sally's around town.
This location is pretty legitimate.
I would not say it is the best one in town, but it is the closest one to me.
The staff gets a 6/10.
The one bad experience that I did have here was when I was looking to buy a cuticle nipper.
I saw the one I wanted online, but couldn't find it in store.
When I asked the male employee to assist me in finding it, he said they had two kinds and began to show me the first one.
When I brought up that the one I saw online was cheaper, he immediately said that they didn't have it and didn't even bother to show me the second nipper he mentioned.
Rude...
Nonetheless.
Sally Beauty is a good company.
Don't forget to get a Sally Beauty membership card and to sign up on the website; it is totally worth it.

I live right close to this Sally store, its smaller and this store is opened 30mins longer than others.
There is always different girls working, but the one I really liked I havent seen : (  The store itself is the same as them all, just cramped!
LOL.
I go here for my conditioner and bobby pins.
I usually just go in to check out the China Glaze nail polishes whenever Im at Target or Ross also : )  Ill continue going here since its sooo close and convenient to my apartment : )

Great location!
I'm in Boca Park way to often and this is a great store!
I don't like the fact that you need to be a member, I hate carrying those mini cards with me every day, so I never have mine with me when I make it to the store, I'm sure it can get really irritating for the cashiers to call each time I'm there to find my card no :) Other than that, great stuff, always there to help and answer any questions you might have.

Not the best service.
I color my own hair to save money.
I recently went blonde and love the results.
All from products at Sally's.
Today I went in and the girl made eye contact with me, I flashed a smile, and she quickly looked away, not saying hi or anything.
I thought I may have shocked her with my roots grown out, I think it looks pretty terrible myself (I have naturally dark brown/almost black hair).
Well, I grabbed the radical bleaching kit, as I did the last time, and I just could not for the life of me remember what color toner I used over it.
I only rembered it was ion brand.
I grabbed a couple to show her and compare and get her advice on which one looked closer to my blonde color.
She 'Oh no, honey.
That's not a toner.
Our only toners are wella brand.
' I felt a little dumb but whatever, I mentioned how another girl who worked there the last time I was there advised I use the ion brand, and she obviously gave good advice as I am happy with the outcome.
She ROLLED HER EYES, and assured me that wella brand was the only toners in the shop.
I thought she would maybe show me herself where they are, so I stood awkwardly waiting, and I realized she wasn't going to show me herself as she put her head down to hot something down around the register.
THERE WAS NO ONE ELSE IN THE STORE.
I was going to make her help me.
'CAN YOU SHOW ME WHERE IT IS?
' She looked back up, not looking happy I asked, let out a loud sigh (I started feeling bad) and marched down an aisle, not asking me to follow, but I sensed the tension enough to follow.
She pointed out the toners and walked off, even though I had some more questions in mind that I wanted to ask, but I didn't bother and did online research in the aisle.
I decided to just stick with what I know, though I almost didn't want to purchase anything anymore to save her from becoming even more annoyed by myself.
I decided I wasn't going to let this lady stop me, so I took the items to the counter.
'You need a developer with this.
' Great.
'30 Volume.
' I go and quickly find it myself, and after she rang it up, I remember I had a hole half bottle left under my bathroom sink!
Duh.
Then again, 'Great.
So sorry but can you take the developer off?
I literally just remembered I have a huge bottle at home!
' I felt like an idiot and she had already made me feel uncomfortable.
She let out one of those big 'I'm so annoyed with you' sighs again, but the transaction was almost over.
I finally paid and apologized a dozen times for my troubles and she insisted it was fine and gave an unenthusiastic 'have a nice day'.
The end.
I gave it a 3 star because the girl who helped me the last time was great, and the location is pretty awesome, I can do all my shopping in one go.
Didn't catch the rude employee's name, sorry.

This is pretty much my last resort for last minute beauty supplies since its close to home.
My funniest moment there was yesterday.
This 60 something year old lady was buying tons of eyelashes and going on about them needing to carry a certain brand because Kim Kardashian wears it.
Really lady?!
LMAO.
Then she got pretty comfortable bec she started talking about how some ladies are lucky to have big boobs and just talking insanely, funny nonsense.
It took all my night not to burst out in laughter.

