I am not very good at wrapping gifts without them looking rather messy.
So, for a recent special occasion, I took the gift (a book) in to Alligator Soup to have it professionally wrapped.
The store is crazy-packed with all kinds of generic gifts, greeting cards and such.
It was hard to even tell where the register was because the counter was so cluttered.
I was told it would be $7.50 for the wrapping and was shown some gift wrap to choose from.
I was very surprised at the limited choices of solid color paper, but selected one.
I was not asked about the occasion or the accompanying ribbon.
I was very surprised at the finished result - you could see the title of the book right through the paper.
I mentioned this to the lady helping me, but she just offered to move the bow.
No thanks!
I have had gifts wrapped at Papyrus before and the results were beautiful.
For $7.50, I would expect them to have a better quality paper or to at least double wrap it.
It felt like a rip-off and I don't feel as though the clerk really cared.
I wouldn't go back for anything.

Went in with my fiance for wedding invitations and was helped by the lady with the boy cut hair cut.
I felt rushed and the lady made me feel like I was taking up her time.
She was rude to my fiance.
He quite simpy asked why the zip code wasnt included in the invitation.
She rudely responded "it just isn't".
Common lady its our first wedding we don't know what the hell were doing.
She really made me feel uncomfortable and unwelcomed.
I wish I would have taken my business somewhere else and probably have a better experience.
I would never recommend anyone here.

My son and his fiancee recently went to Alligator Soup for their wedding invitations.
I need to thank Helen for taking her time and walking them through the maze of save the date cards and all of the additional enclosures that go with the invitation.
They both left feeling very good about their choices, and happy to cross this off their long list of to do items.
This was even more special for us since 28 years ago Helen and Alligator Soup did my wedding invitations.

I can't say enough about Helen and her team at Alligator Soup!
From start to finish, our experience was wonderful!
The save the dates, invitations, inserts and thank you stationary for our wedding in La Quinta, CA this past March were beautiful, reflected the old Hollywood theme of our wedding and the service was excellent.
I would happily work with Alligator Soup any time!
Thank you Helen and Team!
Lisa Bassewitz

Alligator Soup is a cute little store located in the Chicago Fire shopping center.
Its filled with unique trinkets, from 3D pop up gift cards, stationary, to custom decorated flip flops.
The prices are a tad high but worth the price for such unique gifts!
This is a great shop to pick up a birthday gift or some Christmas stocking stuffers.

Quaint little shop with a genuine feel.
Went in for a gift wrapping and left with a smile.
Definitely worth a revisit.

What a pleasant find.
I stopped in this store because they carry my favorite journal.
I took the time to browse on all of the unique trinkets and finds that they offer.
I felt no sales pressure which encouraged me to browse longer.
This is definitely a nice store to purchase unique quality items with a flair for yesteryear.

I used Alligator Soup for my wedding invitations and save the dates.
Helen did a wonderful job helping me with proper wording for the invitations and did an amazing job addressing them for me.
Both items turned out beautifully and I received a lot of compliments about how "simply elegant" they were which was exactly what I was going for.
The store is absolutely adorable and fun to browse around in as well.
My only warning is be prepared to do things the old fashioned way, i.e.
go to the store and meet face to face and contact them via the telephone.
They are not always quick to communicate via email which is some people's main form of communication in the digital age.
If you can appreciate the old fashioned feel, which I thought was heart warming and adorable, then they are simply wonderful to work with.

I just received my save the date cards for my wedding.
They are perfect and I can't thank the ladies at Alligator Soup enough for their great customer service.
They helped me find and create the perfect cards with ease and were also very detailed oriented.
I will be back for my actual wedding invitations:)

Ordered our wedding invitations from here.
Helen was such a help and even though we haven't gotten them in yet, I know they will be amazing.
She is so knowledgable on how to word things and the timeline on when to mail them.
Which helped me because I was kind of clueless about these things!
She did our Accommodations cards and they turned out excellent, I cannot wait to see our invites!
You will be in great hands if you decide to get your invitations here.
They have plenty to choose from and the customer service is even better!

This is one of my favorite shops!
If you need a classy thank you card, bar mitzvah gift, cocktail napkins, hostess gift, you will find it here!
Be prepared to stay awhile and browse.
If you need something a little special, just ask.
They take the time to help.

Got our invitations and they came out perfect!!
They are even addressing the envelopes for us so it is literally hassle free.
They are great and we will definitely be coming here for our other paper goods needed for the wedding.

Lovely people and great selection!
Nobody else in town had what I needed, but Alligator Soup really came through.
They even triple bagged my order because it was raining outside.
Plus, if they don't have what you're looking for, they're happy to try to get it.
Highly recommend them.

My fiancé and I ordered our wedding invitations from here and they came out great!
We were able to customize the invitations and the ladies did a fantastic job communicating with the vendor to get exactly what we wanted.
They have an expansive selection and are very friendly.
Make sure you book an appointment though so you can maximize efficiency :)

Wowww!!!
They not only gave tons of options for my fiancé and I for our wedding invitations, but also took the time to go thru and provide excellent service and explain some additional alternatives.
I was extremely happy with the end results and thanks to one of the owners of Alligator Soup catching a small typo in the proof (fault the print company not from Alligator Soup)  she saved us a lot of time to wait for a correction after printing.
I would definitely recommend this business for all of your party supply/Event planning needs.

Nice shop, lots of gift ideas.
I was just in and my credit card was declined.
I went home and called the company.
I am not maxed out and my payment was not late.
The error was with Alligator Soup's system.
My bank said that the attempted charge never showed.
So it could not have been declined.
The problem was at the stores end.
I did call the store and let them know what my bank said.
If you are going to shop there take more than one card, or take cash.
Hopefully their problems will be resolved soon!

Let's start off with how crazy this store is ...
So much unorganized things everywhere!!
There is hardly any room to move through due to the small isles and un opened boxes laying around.
Had an appointment to get some wedding invites, when I arrived I was told to wait cause she was busy.
What is the point of an appointment if I have to sit around and wait??
Anyways when I finally sat down there was hardly any communication of price, design, color or anything like that.
I was handed a book and told look at that and book mark what you like.
I found something I liked way out of my budget and was hope they had something similar cheaper ....
The lady must have not known what she was doing cause she just kept showing me things out of my budget.
I got so irritated I left with nothing, her lack of costumer service costed her many costumers!!!
I will not recommend this place to anyone

