Dr Vrenon has been my dentist since 2005.
I have a huge phobia with dentists.
Before Dr Vrenon, I needed Xanax just to go to a cleaning or exam appointment.
He is very gentle and such an amazing dentist.
I needed some major work, and he has always treated me very respectfully.
He is the only one that I trust to work on my teeth.

Absolutely love this place!
Best dentist I have ever had to date.
Dr. Vrenon is awesome and so are all of the hygienests that work here.
It's always a pleasant visit when I come in, and I generally hate going to the dentist!
Well...who likes going to the dentist?
Even the folks that work the front counter are very nice and they always remember my name.
This place was recommended to me by my sister and I'm glad that I chose to come here.
I highly recommend this office to anyone looking for a dentist.

I was referred to this dentist & glad that I was.
This place has state of the art equipment, and is very inviting.
I felt really comfortable about going to the dentist.
They were very affordable, and most of all VERY HONEST.
I would highly recommended this place.
Dental work can cost a lot of money, however the last place I went to said that I needed a whole bunch of work done, at this dentist office that was not the case.
I'm so glad I got a second diagnosis & will be back here again.
I will recommended my friends & family here and already have.
Thanks  Dr. Vrenon & Troy... You guys rock!!!

Super professional office- they always run on time and communicate clearly and effectively about your treatment plan, billing, and appointments.
I appreciate that they do not attempt to upsell.
Dr. Vrenon and his staff are friendly and demonstrate a caring attitude toward their patients.
Highly recommend!

I have been going to Desert Breeze Dental for the past few years and although I live a lot further away than I used to and I have to pay extra for choice dental through my employer, I choose to so I can continue being a patient here.
I love the texts and reminders especially when you make your appointments so far in advance.
I especially like going here because of the amazing staff and Amanda is always so pleasant and does such a great job cleaning teeth and examining before the dentist comes in.
I have alot of dental implants and she is an expert working around them.
Dr. Vrenon is very thorough and makes his patients so comfortable and overall I think this is one of the top dental offices in Las Vegas.
I highly recommend.

