Can't believe I haven't reviewed them before.
This is the only thing I look forward to about coming home after a trip in Vegas.
I get me a strawberry/banana smoothie and it's just amazing.
Definitely a plus to waiting for your flight!

Healthy and fresh in the airport!
Love the pink flamingos (strawberries and bananas).
They are quick, its yummy and not too badly priced for being trapped on a terminal :)

Im glad that Juice Express was there, since Im a vegetarian, airports have even less to offer than your typical restaurant.
My problem is that these smoothie places are all making you choose your smoothie by a name that they give them along with a gimmick like boosts or things to dilute it out like fillers and such that aren't exactly making your smoothie a healthy option.
When I go to these places, I have to ask for an "all fruit smoothie", from which I usually get a blank stare in response.
So then I have to ask what actual fruit do they have that isn't a concentrate or a sherbet, then from those I tell them what I would like in my smoothie, and have them make it for me.
I think it is pretty ridiculous that I have to tell people how to make what they are essentially advertising but dooping everyone with fillers and non healthy/non natural options.
When smoothie places realize that most people go to them for a healthier option, maybe they will wise up, and ordering something good for you might not be such a pain.

I'm a vegetarian with major food allergies.
I have to be super organized with my food while traveling so I don't get sick.
Angela instantly put me to ease by showing me which fruit was fresh and voluntarily showing me the ingredients in the soy protein.
Yeah, to Angela!
I wad able to make it to vege friendly San Francisco healthy and in one piece.
Thank you!

OMG, $7 or $8 for a smoothie?!?!
I mean, it was tasty, but seriously?
Even at inflated airport prices, I about had a heart attack.
The only reason they got a customer in me is that I really, really wanted a smoothie such that nothing else was going to hit the spot.

