After dinner treat, had the strawberry/ banana  redevous signature mix.
On wed free waffle bowl or cone w/ ice cream purchase.
What's not to like creamy ice cream mixed w/ banana / strawberry and white chocolate chips, nice change of pace from froyo.

Enjoyed our last visit a few days ago, stopped by again this one on Craig rd.
Had the cheesecake fantasy, cheesecake ice cream, strawberry and blueberries.
If u like cheesecake u will luv this concoction .
It's ice cream cold & creamy .

It's so unfortunate that this place has gone downhill.
I used to LOVE me some Cold Stone.
I'd be at this particular location at least once a week.. but their prices have gone up and their quality has gone down :( I tried it again today and it didn't even taste like the same ice cream.
The customer service was good tho' and since it wasn't busy at all, we got our ice cream quickly.

Strawberry shortcake serenade with strawberry ice cream and extra cake: I don't care how much it is, it's f****** delicious.
Great, friendly staff that pays attention to what you ask for.
What can I say about the ice cream other than it's one of my favorite places to go and get it.
Founders Favorite and the Strawberry Shortcake are my all time favorites: something fruity and something chocolaty.
The location also has indoor and outdoor seating and is a good place to get ice cream right after the movies next door.

It's ice cream!!

LOVE ice cream, and I love the germachocolata as they call it.
The ice cream is cream and good with bits of coconut and brownies mixed in, then smothered with chocolate syrup and carmel.
I wish this place was closer to my house, it's ashamed this one is closing.

I like Cold Stone Creamery but it's a place I seldom go because I think their cost is out of whack when there are whole lot of yogurt stores in the area.
I had a Groupon for this location, so I stopped in yesterday.
I got two Signature cups to bring home--peanut butter cup and cheesecake fantasy.
I ate the PB when I got home and it was creamy and tasty.
The cheesecake awaits in the freezer for the night I will attack its goodness.
I will be back to use another Groupon but that will probably be the end of stopping here.
There are much better values elsewhere!

This place never ceases to amaze me- all young kids always working here, all with good spirits and happy intentions.
Even when they are super slammed they seem to still want to make you happy,sweat and all.
They sang happy birthday to my daughter and continue to make our day Everytime we go in.
DO NOT FORGET TO TIP THEM, then work their asses off for you!!!
that is all :)  oh ps: I love the seasonal flavors minty dark chocolate and chocolate cake batter.
TDF

Cold Stone is a great place to get ice cream, it is a bit pricey, but you can customize your desert, choosing the ice cream, and any or all of almost 50 toppings, I personally choose the preset creation cookie doughnt you want some which is one of their cold stone creations with cookie dough, chocolate, caramel, and chocolate chips.
The service is always quick and friendly, and they are sometimes on groupon.
Hope you all like it as much as I do.

I have a special shake that I always order when I come to Coldstones.
I also don't write a review unless I can give a 4 or a 5 star.
I have been to quite a few of the ice cream places and the presentation of their ice cream looks very unappealing.
Every time that I have been to Coldstones at this location, my shakes have been very consistent and flavorful.
The ice cream always looks fresh and not heat stricken-ed.
Very clean and fresh looking cones.
The service has always been very fast and efficient.
If I ask for something a certain way, they do it with a smile.
While other ice cream shops don't even make an attempt, they just say  we cant do it ???
I don't understand what people expect to pay, when they come to a place that has excellent quality and a staff that goes out of their way.
If you want cheap ice cream then go to the Grocery store and get a gallon of artificially flavored ice cream for $5.00 and stay at home.
Some people just expect to much for the little price that they are asking to pay.
I have paid $16.00 for a shake before on the strip and it was well worth it.

I had never had cold stone believe it or not but my bf always talks about it.
On our last date night we went out for sushi and decided on a lil ice cream for dessert.
Cold Stone it was!
We got there 20 mins begore the closed but they were packed!
The line moved pretty fast and the employees were quick and friendly.
There were so many choices!!
But it was easy to decide what I wanted.
I got red velvet mixed with white chocolate and added crushed vanilla wafers and white chocolate chips in a waffle cup!!
It was so good.
It was 7 dollars for the medium sized cup but I dont eat a lot of ice cream and it was pretty tasty so it was worth it.

friendly service and great ice cream:)

There isn't another place to get great ice cream.
Cold stone is it!
I was supposed to be on a diet and the tantalizing pictures and descriptions of their creations had me walking over here on my lunch break for a cake shake.
I ditched my turkey sandwich and gorged on cake batter flavored ice cream.
It was soooo worth it.
Next time I'm going to make a crazy combination of favors.
I'll let y'all know how it goes.

Friendly staff!
Yummy ice cream!

When our sweet tooth comes knocking the wife and I always head to Cold Stone for a treat.
They have a wide range of flavors and toppings and its always hard to make a decision.
There are also bonus nights like free wafflecones, discounts and kids eat free - always trying to please their customers.
The staff have always been so friendly and helpful in letting you try flavors and the store is always filled with people getting their sweet tooth on!

All time fav dessert!!!!!
Love their fresh banana n the special order ice cream cake;) a place that also make me happy love!

Not the first ice cream place in town I'd choose to go to, but it satisfies my craving of something sweet.
The Groupon this place offers every so often forces me to go every blue moon.
During my last visit, I took my boyfriend so I didn't have to use the $10 Groupon all for myself.
After all, I am watching my figure!
We ordered two "signature creations".
- Birthday Cake Remix: Cake batter ice cream with brownies and fudge topped with sprinkles.
This one is way too sweet for my liking.
I feel like I'm biting into frozen birthday cake frosting.
I think kids will like this one for sure.
- Coffee Lovers Only: Coffee ice cream with mashed up Health bar, roasted almonds and caramel.
Except I substituted the caramel with fudge.
This one is pretty good.
The name says it all - for coffee lovers only!
I always get my ice cream in the "like it" (small) size.
But they give a lot of ice cream and things can get a little messy.
To avoid clean-ups, I ask for the "like it" size in a "love it" (medium) cup.
The signature creations are around $6 each.
Is it worth $6?
I don't think so - at least for the most part.

My husbands favorite, I go for the frozen yogurt and the choice of one frozen yogurt choice and two or three sorbet choices has me feeling, left out but for all the many choices kudos I guess, the place is run by teenagers so customer service is spotty but they listen and never had any complaints on accuracy,.

I'm a huge gelato/ice cream fan.
When I can't have gelato, my next go-to is Cold Stone!
Frozen yogurt just doesn't compare or have any richness in flavor.
Every time I go to Cold Stone (which is more than I care to admit) my absolute favorite item is the Peanut Butter Cup Perfection.
Nothing beats the delicious mix of chocolate and peanut butter.
Shakes are really good too.
I wish they had a smaller shake size to choose from as I can't even finish their smallest size.

Came on a Sunday afternoon...no line at all...three workers behind the counter.
One was already helping ring out a customer, one was making waffle cones, & the third was taking utensils to the back to clean.
NONE of them even made the effort to greet me, make eye contact, & let me know that they recognized my presence.
Again--no line, I was the only one at the counter.
After a good 2-3 minutes, the worker who was ringing out the customer finally came to me & asked for my order.
The behavior of the other two was unacceptable--they clearly could have helped the one worker who was actually helping PAYING customers.
Product was ok; service clearly was poor.

Seriously it's delicious ice cream and the girls wear really short shorts....
I prefer the founders favorite....
DELICIOUS all the way around.
service is great, never left not smiling.

I wish I could give this place 0 stars!
It was absolutely disgusting!
There was a bowl of melted ice cream that overflowed all over one of the tables and debris on many of the other tables.
There were 4 teens working and 2 looked like they were working on custom cakes and one who was apparently the store manager doing absolutely nothing even though there were a few people in line.
We ha to wait for the only girl that was apparently helping customers finish with her last order.
We asked to speak with the store manager of which the one who was doing nothing said she was.
We advised her that the lobby/ eating area was completely disgusting and that we had literally lost our appetites sitting there looking around.
She was very insincere when apologizing and did not offer to do anything.
She didn't even clean up the mess.
I also noticed that another worker was drinking a can of coke as be was making these custom orders, and having worked in the food industry before I'm pretty sure that's a health code violation.
I will never go back to this location again and plan on contacting corporate and reach out to the franchise owner because that place was disgusting and their employees did not have very good customer service at all.
Again I can't tell you how gross it was!
If the lobby was that gross who's to say that the food prep area is actually clean.

I'm only giving two stars for the ice cream which is always good but the service is always beyond poor.
This isn't the first time I've had to deal with the poor service I just left there.
The three staff members working only one was helpful the girl with the big green eyes.
The other two the guy and the girl was a disaster.
The guy messed up the order.
Charged me for everything and forgot to give me half my order then after correcting it still missed the last part.
I left not receiving my full order in which I paid full for because I wasn't going to wait any longer.
I had to ask for the girl with the big green eyes to talk to because the other two were incompetent.
Especially the other girl who had nothing to do with my order but insisted on standing there staring at me while I explained what the issue was then stared at me some more while customers waited.
The girls there are all snooty with there noses stuck up.
The only good service is from the girl with green eyes.
I paid $20 and still tipped tonight for an incomplete order and poor service.
To the girl with the big green eyes thank you for once again being of great service to the other two, please take a class on customer service skills.
Especially the other girl who just wanted to stand there and stare at me instead of helping customers.

I LOVE Coldstone..
When it comes to getting ice cream, I get it here.
I try and go here every few weeks.
Staff are great, however, I always tip and they NEVER sing.
I thought they where supposed to sing when you tip them!

always good!

Wow they have made me gone and done it this time.
Just when I think it is safe to return to use a gift card that I had won from work they go and F**K it all up!!!
I really dislike this location as the staff is always scatter brained, it seems like the turnover is daily.
Every time I come here it is a different untrained and unintelligible kid behind the counter with that look on their face as if they want to run and hide under a rock because they fear a question.
Well that is exactly what happened AGAIN on my last freaking visit to this store.
I asked the guy about prices on the pre-made items they keep in the ready to go freezer.
Nothing was labeled properly so I had to ask what was in each thing such as the box of ice cream cookies, ice cream cake, etc etc.
Each time that required said employee to run to the other side of the store to ask another employee.
After said employee making his 6th trip I finally gave up and bought a "surprise" pint of ice cream from the freezer.
This location sucks sour ass and I will never be back to take part in the misery ever again.
Baskin Robbins you have my official vote.
I should have never strayed to come to this shipwreck of an operation!

The staff are super friendly...I don't appreciate them letting people in street clothes come behind the counter from outside and make themselves ice cream while there's a rush of people.

It's just like every other Cold Stone I've been to.
Delicious ice cream, fairly busy, and loud.
Why is the music so loud?
I'm not a crotchety old person ranting about kids these days and their loud music or anything, I'm just a very soft-spoken person.
When I go in, I have to practically shout to be heard.
But loud music and crotchety-ness aside, they've always moved people through the line pretty quickly and the ice cream is amazing.

The ice cream is just not that good......it's too syrupy sweet or something.
I can't quite put my finger on it, but both times I have had it just wasn't right.
It took way too long for them to get our orders mixed, etc.
They were really nice (YOUNG) kids working behind the counter though so I can't be too harsh.
They did seem to jump around from our group to the ones behind us a few times so I as the dad our group was just left standing there for quite a while waiting there for them to finish up with people behind us line.
This makes no sense to me, but whatever.
Someone must like Cold Stone because they are a franchise with lots of locations, but for me I would much rather mix in candy bars and cookies with my own ice cream at home for a fraction of the price and treat myself to frozen yogurt instead.

Love the ice cream.
This is my "cheat" place.
Staff is friendly.
There doesn't seem to be many real ice cream places around mostly just the yogurt places which is fine but sometimes you just want some real ice cream and this is the place to go.

Absolutely love to bring my daughters here and the staff is always friendly !!!
Also if your looking for a great nail artist u can find me at Tease Salon 702-489-4000 and on Yelp under MissTabitha

made to order goodness, great ice cream shop....get you some...5 star.
sometimes lines can be long, but only 10 minutes max, they move fast....its worth the wait....youngsters galore...bring the kids and dog...

My husband and I have been here a couple times.
It's always really clean and the staff is friendly.
It's cold stone, so it's delicious.
There's not much else to is.
Good place

We came here after a movie next door.
Took the young servers way too long to mix and serve ice cream.
The ice cream is nothing to write home about and seem to be more expensive.
With so many new and superior desert places around, don't think we will ever be back again for mediocre ice cream and slow service.

So, my gripe for all cold stone locations is the same.
The process is too slow to net any real value.
However, I will say that the two workers in this location, although 14-people-deep-in-line, were really efficient.
Mad props.

Just had one of the best meals of my life.
Don't leave without trying the truffle Mac and cheese.

DO NOT ORDER A CAKE FROM THEM!
Ordered a cake for my daughters birthday a week early and called the day before to confirm.
This is what we got- Please see photo!
I called, the owner/manager would not speak to me or return my calls.
TERRIBLE SERVICE!
I could have wrote the name and decorated it myself if this is what I thought it would look like.

Really great ice cream and friendly service.
What more can you ask for?
But the reason for the 3 star is because they dont fry the funnel cake fresh they warm it up in the toaster and you can really taste the diffence.
(Chewy)

