My left knee was in need of surgical repair and my doctor arranged for it to be done here.
I was called by the surgical coordinator and told when to come in for pre-op visit and when I arrived, I was given a pack for forms to complete.
I then dropped them off at the surgical center and was told when to return for my surgery.
On the morning of my surgery, I arrived at the designated time and was taken to the back almost immediately.
I was processed quickly by my pre-op nurse, and because the first patient of the morning had a fever, I was moved up to first case.
As I was told, I was in and out in less than 2 hours.
I received excellent care while I was there.
The next day I was called to ensure that I had no post op concerns and was doing well.
I had a very good experience here and wouldn't hesitate to return if the need arose.

Any surgery is stressful and an outpatient surgical center can sometimes be a little more un-nerving but this experience was exceptional.
All of the nurses were superior!
Caring and  competent.
Trust me I am a nurse.
My anesthesiologist, Dr Young, was also wonderful.
I had an issue that he needed to be extra sensitive to and gave me his plan for me.
Surgery was a success and the anesthesia was uneventful.
I woke up easily, not over sedated.
I took a nap when I got home and the rest of my day was pleasant.
My surgeon was Dr Bigler.
If your having knee or shoulder outpatient surgery, I would recommend this facility and all of these medical professionals.

After waiting in the outer office for what seemed an eternity, I was taken back to a large, very open and "un-private" area.
It seemed very cold and scary.
I was screened, blood drawn and a curtain drawn.
I was given a surgical gown to put on and told to wait with the others.
I was almost immediately taken back for surgery (not because of the surgical center, but because my doctor was on top of things).
The procedure did not work for me, unfortunately.
I ended up paying $85 for "co-pay" and finance charges because the insurance company did not pay all of the charges and while I tried to sort it out with my insurance, they charged a "finance charge" What a joke!
Cold in the front of the house and the back!
I've experienced better.

