I was on my way home and I was thinking, "Where can I get a meal for $5.00 or less?
" ..that I would actually eat.
Jack in the Box came through for me !
I had 3 egg rolls for $3.29 and a mini funnel cake for $1.00.
The egg rolls are my favorite on the menu they remind me of the egg rolls at P.T's.
I also like the sweet and sour sauce at Jack in the box.
The funnel cake was yummy but I thought funnel cake came with raspberry sauce?
(I'm not too sure) It was still tasty and just as good as the ones I used to get at the Del Mar Fair.

After a movie, why not stop here @ jack in the box.
Beats taco bell right next to it...
I'm just really glad that although it seems like I was being complicated on the drive thru, the worker kept her cool.
(5 stars for her)

Gets the job done.
Filling value menu, can usually be full for $2.
Quick drive through that doesn't close.

I prefer Jack In The Box over Wendys or Burger King, and *maybe* even over 5 Guys, but they still aren't as good as In-N-Out.
And NO ONE has beat Custom Burgers yet.
On a side note, I thought it was interesting that they carried Teriyaki bowls on the menu.
And pretty cool that they had churros.
Wish the fast food in my region would DIVERSIFY.

Excellent, friendly service from a helpful manager.
They served me quickly and with a smile.
Also offered ranch dressing for my curly fries without  having to ask.
It seems most of their customers are drive thru as there was no one inside when I entered and only two other people by the time I left.

SLOW DRIVE THRU!!
Jeez, I was here forever, and if I could have backed out, I would have.
Food was fine, though.

I live very close to this place and when I need a bit to eat late at night I've occasionally been forced to visit here.
This is consistently one of the slowest drive thrus I've ever been to.
Consistent lack luster service.
Be sure to check your bag before you drive away as there's always a 50/50 chance they'll get your order wrong.
My advice is avoid this place if you can.
Unfortunately I'll probably eat here again as it's right across the street from me and there's few other choices in the wee hours of the morning.

Consistant food and the take out like is fast.
Right off the 215 which makes for easy grab and go.

The customer service here is amazing  Heck yes they mess up my order but they always fix it and give me a nic e sweet treat.
Extra fries?
Milk shake?
Free drink?
Hey, no problem!
This is where I go for my fatty needs.
Mozzarella sticks, jalapeño poppers, egg rolls, steak burritos, 2/99 cent tacos, Curley fries and milkshakes.
Come again between 11 to 2, get two bucks off another order.
Good thing I don't eat here more or I'd weight 300 pounds

This is he closes jack to my house so I've been there a couple times.
They have great drive threw employees.
The food they serve looks most of the time like in the picture.
Pretty amazing!
One of he best jacks I've ever been to.!

The ultimate cheeseburger is really good!
The fries don't compare to McDonald's fries (I think only in-n-out's really do), but they do have good burgers.
I've also really enjoyed the chicken teriyaki bowl.
It seems kind of random to be on the menu, but I like it.

