This is a freshly renovated apartment complex.
There is a pool, free wi-fi, great prices and an awesome move in special going on right now!
I don't work for the Wellington but of all the apartments we looked at in the area, this was by far the best.
There are the usual issues with apartments such as noise, things not quite right, etc but the staff at the Wellington is always willing to help with a smile.

UPDATE- I can no longer in good conscience recommend this place.
While the living area is nice and the staff friendly and helpful to the extent they are empowered, the property management does not honor verbal agreements made by their agents.
We had an agreement to move addressing certain financial issues only to find that the property management company changed the deal on the day the papers were to be signed at an increased upfront cost of $2600.00.
Despite many attempts to compromise with the manager, they refuse to even budge slightly, choosing instead to claim the onsite staff has no authority to bind the management group.
When our lease is up we will be moving, and I can no longer recommend this complex to anyone.

Not a fan of the new management company.
Ever since old employess left the new management just does not seem to care.
The gym was a selling feature and now its been under construction for months and will be downsized.
Things are always broken in the complex such as the gates and the walls are paper thin so you hear everything your neighbours are saying and doing.
Management never follws through on requests.
Great location but overpriced for what you get.
Search for an appartment elsewhere.

This is the worst apartment community in Las Vegas, i would give them a zero score if possible.
since i moved in the police have been here 4-5 times.
the swat team surrounded the building to catch someone that was barricaded inside.the staff could not be nicer before you move in, but look out afterwards, if you need anything or report illegal activity on property they treat you like a fool.
this is worse than a trailer park.
the manager is a liar.
do not believe a word they say.
there is illegal activity rampant all hours of the day & night.
they do not enforce the law or there own rules.
This place is a dump.
Do not be fooled by prior posts from employees.
This is the worst apartment community in the country.
This place is worse then a trailer park.
Please do not rent here you will regret it for the rest of your life.
READ THE OTHER REVIEWS, NOT THE REVIEWS FROM THE WELLINGTON EMPLOYEES THAT LIVE ON PROPERTY.
UPDATE-ON AUGUST 3, 2013 AT 5PM THE SWAT TEAM SURROUNDED BUILDING 15 AND LAUNCHED A PERCUSSION GRENADE INTO AN APARTMENT, THE BLAST WAS HEARD UP TO A MILE AWAY.
THE SWAT TEAM ENTERED THE APARTMENT AND EXTRACTED A WANTED FUGITIVE.
THIS IS THE WORST APARTMENT COMMUNITY IN VEGAS******PLEASE BEWARE OF THE WELLINGTON APARTMENTS.The Wellington Crime Report UPDATE, ON AUGUST 9th Metro Police were called to investigate a series of car break-ins on property.
This is the 2nd time in a week that the Swat team and Metro were dispatched to The Wellington Apt.

My husband and I have lived here for almost 3 years.
We are dealing with our fourth management company since we signed our lease.
We moved to this particular complex because we thought it would be safe and quiet.
We have not had any problems with safety and for the most part, it is quiet apart from a few domestic disturbances now and then.
I'm giving the complex a low rating due to an incident I had with a staff member.
It was highly inappropriate.
I'm not sure if the management company was not vetting their staff or it was out of their control.
In any case, I hope the current management company is more responsible in their hiring practices considering the staff members come into people's homes.
We are moving soon and I would not recommend anyone to live here.
There is too much turnover of management companies and staff.

SCAM ARTISTS.
We went to turn in our keys after verbal two months notice, and they would not let us move out.
They cited our notice was not written and they will force two more months of rent.
However, today they told us fine move, but no need to send us written notice???
SCAM SCAM SCAM  When we called, we gave notice and they said nothing about written notice!!!
They said "WE ARE FINE"!
They just are money hungry  Tasha Rodriguez in the front office is RUDE and has horrible customer service skills.

