I have a love/hate relationship with this store.
I get so irritated when they don't re-stock the shelves and are often out of items I need.
I also try to avoid the place on weekends  because I want to avoid people bringing their dogs to the store with them.
I like dogs, but I don't like bratty, barking dogs at Petsmart just as I don't like cranky, crying kids at restaurants I go to.
So for me, this Petsmart is OK.
It's close to home but sometimes I just want to scream when I'm there and they're out of something or some dear little doggie is yipping its fool head off!

I don't own any pets, but I came in here to look for a light bulb for my brother-in-law's fish tank (15 watt, T8, 18 inches).
They didn't have the brand I wanted, but they had a better one available for $11.
I don't know if that is a good price or not.
The plus was that I didn't have to run around the store to find an associate; one came up to me and asked if I needed help!
( for that).
From what I saw, they had hamsters, guinea pigs, birds, crickets, lots of fish, and even frogs.
They also groom pets here.
(I went around Halloween and they had the cutest costumes for dogs/cats!
They had a lobster and shark!
Haha.
)  I probably won't be coming back because I don't need to, but I would recommend this store.
It was clean and friendly.

I only go here for grooming!
(I have had my maltese/shihtzu mix just get a bath and brush and wasn't thrilled.
She left with knots still in her hair) BUT....
I love Suds!
She does the best grooming.
I am super specific about what my dog needs and she follows it everytime.
She loves my dog and that makes me feel better about leaving her there.
Daisy gets a custom grooming everytime!

Great selection of toys and food for my 2 crazy cats.
The sales are great and being a pet perks member actually saves you a lot of money.
My favorite part about this location is the friendly staff.
They all seem to like working there and are genuinely friendly.
Least favorite part is items aren't stocked as often as they should be.

Once again, stock was limited--1 bag of what I wanted.
The staff had no idea if/when it would come in.
"We get three deliveries a week.
Try Sunday.
"  I'll go to the Petsmart on Fort Apache and skip this place.
They have no clue.
The Fort Apache store is smaller yet is ALWAYS fully stocked.

If you catch a good sale prices are OK but if not on sale you pay full retail!
Great selection, hard to find help, appear to be understaffed.

Petsmart, the big dog in the world of pet stores.
If it were a dog it would be St.Bernhard, big cumbersome but ultimately friendly.
Grooming is always busy, I have used them a couple of times but I prefer a smaller operation where you can talk to the groomer and they don't seem to kids with clippers and a 20 dog target per day.
I may be wrong but it seems to be a production line.
Lots of accessories, every type of leash, poopie bag and silly doggie jacket that you can think of....  Food?
What do you need?
It's there...  Training: I have been taking the puppy, who I thought was untrainable, but who is shaping up nicely.
She's graduated basic training and is now on stage 2.
Friendly trainer, Michelle, always supervised and I would actually give the training 5 stars were it to be reviewed separately.
Your leashed pets are welcome in the store,there's plenty of parking and even a vet on site.
If you have a pet you've certainly been here for the vast selection alone.
Good place.

Petsmart is my usual go to for certain treats, etc., and I've never had a problem or much need to interact with an associate.
In fact, I would give them five stars if they would carry Natural Balance!
On this visit I was inquiring about anti-barking devices.
I went almost at closing and talked with Joe C.  He explained the pros and cons of the three devices I was looking at.
In fact, he convinced me to go with the anti-bark collar over the citronella collar that I walked in intending to purchase.
These collars have been a lifesaver and have worked on three of my dogs and a foster.

Pretty good service and a lot of options.
It seems to depend on the day how the service is going to be.
Not consistent with customer service.

Limited selection, and bad customer service.
I called up to ask about a specific bird cage and provided the item number, name and brand of the item as well as price.
I was informed by the employee over the phone that the cage was not in stock.
The same day shortly after phoning in I was in the neighborhood running errands and decided to check out this Petsmart's bird cage selection and to my surprise the exact cage I was looking for was in stock!
The prices are borderline high and the employees have no product knowledge and ignore customers.
1 star.

Time to buy more and new Dog food.
Here at Pets Mart, getting Nutro Ultra brand Dog Food (Weight Management and a high protein Puppy Chow) Both made by Nutro.
Coupons given out for Nutro Brands.
Great service today by Sandy, a Rep. from Nutro.
Always satisfied here at this location.
Very helpful and friendly!!!
Pet Beds on sale right now.
Great deals!!
Going back for at least one more memory foam bed for the doggies.
They absolutely love it and now it seems unfair to only buy one!

This place cancels my dogs grooming at 6:50AM.
My appointment was at 7:00AM!
On a Sunday.
The person who called said that their groomer called in and couldn't do anything about it.
Her fake sincerity and "shock" that I was already on my way was what really pissed me off.
She offered me nothing as an apology.
Maybe a discount or a chance to bring him in and fit him in with other groomers.
I will never go here again.
Custer service is severely lacking.

This Petsmart is horrible.
A few months ago, I was in the area and stopped by to pick up some cat food.
It wasn't in stock.
So I figured since I was already there, I'll buy more dog treats.
But guess what?
Those were not in stock either!
I ended up driving to the Petsmart on Fort Apache & Tropicana, which is the location that I usually go to.
They had everything I needed on their shelves!
About a month later, I was in the area doing errands and needed to buy cat food again (I have 3 cats).
I thought, Ok, maybe in the past I just happened to stop by on a bad day.
Maybe they didn't have enough employees working to restock the shelves.
Walked in, stopped by the cat food and dog treat sections and again, NOTHING!
Seriously, WTF?
An employee approached me while i was in the cat food aisle.
I pointed and asked if they had the food I wanted in stock and she said "What we have out is all we have.
But you can check back later in the week.
" Gee, thanks lady.
Headed to my usual Petsmart and found everything I needed.
Soooo how is it that other locations have things in stock but this place doesn't?
Don't waste your time here folks, you will be disappointed!

Very happy with service and selection.
They always treat me and my pup great.
My only complaint would be it tends to stay busy at this location so if ur in a hurry and will need help, plan to be a bit patient and wait or come back on a day u have more time.

Went to almost all of the groomers on the West side before stepping into this Petsmart, and I am very happy with the grooming department - it can get a little pricey (walked out paying $60 once, but in their defense he did smell delicious and had a bandana...we forego the bandana now) but they make my little dog look better than anyone else has!
Good selection of foods, going to try out the training department so I will follow up with that.
Only complaint is the occasional cashier-shortage and long lines, and the fact that people tend to drive way too fast and don't stop for pedestrians, so getting from your car to the store can sometimes be treacherous!

Grooming and training stations available here, plenty of pet food and toys, but not too many animals.
I will say that the fish selection seemed really good- but I don't currently have an aquarium.
Had hoped to see some pups or bunnies but only really saw lizards and guinea pigs.
The real purpose of my visit was to get a new litter box though.
Had gone by a few grocery stores but didn't see any, came here and found a few unique options- the Litter Dome especially looked cool, however I have a three legged cat who is fat and clumsy, and the options available here all seemed to have small doors.
I worried my cat would get stuck or be unable to use it, and I'm not entirely sure how or if you can return a used litter box.
Figured it better not to risk it here.
Pricing was a little high for my liking too, but if you're in the market for a $50-$100+ box for your pet to poop, come on down!
The self-cleaning ones look pretty fancy, but the refill cartridges and bags and other accessories, as well as the potential for small parts to break, discouraged me from purchasing such an option.
Not greeted, approached, addressed, or offered help by any associates during our visit.

I'm not a big 'commercial pet store' guy, but with this location across the street and questions about potential pets I decided to stop in and I must say I was impressed by the friendly and knowledgable staff.
Debating the pros/cons of various cat breeds and realizing that PetSmart was unlikely to 'push' a breed like the Rex or Sphynx which they do not sell it was surprising just how much the team was happy to discuss the pros (happy, not overly clingly or chatty...and hairless in the case of the Sphyx) vs. cons (price, mostly, plus shortened lifespan and health concerns in some due to inbreeding) while also offering alternative suggestions.
Still not 100% on what precisely I want to buy or whether simply adopting and hoping for the best is in my plans I was quite happy with the folks here...even if it does smell like a pet store.

We love the folks at the Pet Salon here.
Ask for Jenna and let her go to work pampering your dog.
The store is constantly out of stock.
My wife and I joke about the shelves here - It's like a Walmart in Fort Lauderdale, two hours before a hurricane hits.
It's just empty.
I would really choose another place if you are looking for anything specific.
If you want to rummage through the bargain bin of half-eaten dog toys, you might get a good deal.
New, experienced management would help at this location.

Stopped in kitty cat products to, I have frequented the store the past six months Its alway very consistently clean, friendly workers and comparable prices to other stores.

