Awesome service.
Had two watches, one had a battery replaced.
The other had an unconventional battery.
Understandable since my watches came from a Japanese company.
Also looked at engagement rings and John was very helpful in explaining the process.
I will always return for battery repairs here.

Very nice gentleman who directed me to another watch repair place to have some minor work done on a new Seiko I'd purchased.
The only reason he didn't do the work is due to not stocking the parts.

We have found the most trusted place for jewelery in Las Vegas.
The Best place with great staff and fantastic service.
We have bought piece from Huntington for very good prices, and have had many repairs at very reasonable prices for our old pieces.
If I could give them 100 stars I would.... 5 is not enough.
John is the best.

Wanted to get a locket engraved.
Called ahead to get hours of engraver.
Was told he worked Wed-Sat.
Drove from Green Valley to this store's location on Saturday.
When we arrived we were told "the engraver is off today"!
He is the only one who can look at this piece and say whether or not he can engrave it.
We returned on Wed and he was there.
The lady in front indicated for us to come with her into the back.
We were immediately shooed out to the front by the engraver who said he would look at the piece out there.
He said he could do it and told us to come back Friday to pick it up.
The sales/customer rep did up our ticket and this was a feat as she was new and needed help to complete the task.
On Friday we were on this side of town and called to let them know we were on our way to pick it up.
The person who answered the phone said it was not done yet.
We told her we would be there within a half hour and would pick the locket up whether it was done or not.
When we arrived low and behold it was done.
Keep in mind this was not a big job.
Six letters engraved by machine.
The job that was done was so-so.
One side fit well and the other side looked like the last letter was falling off the edge of the piece.
Again we had the misfortune of having the new worker complete our transaction.
My husband wished he had the exact change as he would not have had to endure her bumbling attempts at giving us a receipt.
I would not recommend this place.
Seems like small jobs are not important.

