Quest is a niche little drug testing office.
Recently went to get tested for a new job.
It's not exactly the easiest place to find, however, the staff was nice and very fast.
If you have the opportunity between this place or another Quest location I strongly recommend you try them out.

Quest shut their W. Sunset office and it is now simply a miserable process to go have blood drawn.
This office is so busy now.
I had a 9.20 appt., but decided to try and beat the heat by popping up there at 7... what a mistake.
Sat for over an hour before they even called for my copay, etc.
Then when i made my usual request to have a copy of my results sent to my primary care doctor who i have an appt.
with in a few days, as well as the one going to the specialist who requested the blood test, I was told very brusquely that they didn't do that.
When I asked why as last time they did without any problem she says 'the doctors don't want us doing that' !
Don't want the primary care doctor to know my blood results?
I don't think so, but even if it is like that she was extremely rude and brusque, said for me to get a form that requests to have it sent to my home, when all she had to do was take two steps to her left and hand me one... me being quite crippled, with cane etc.
When I sat back down nearly in tears as I found the terseness so depressing,  I heard a lady say into her cell phone very quietly to someone, 'I hate this place', which didn't surprise me.
It's never a pleasant activity to go there but at least normally they get the job done and eventually you get to leave, but because of the bad vibes today I'll be making an effort to find somewhere else... no compassion there at all, mostly from that one person though, who will remain nameless even though I made sure to get it..  Quest PLEASE open your Sunset office again, everyone over there was lovely... maybe it's a matter of that they weren't run as ragged as this office is now that everything has been condensed.
Although they were really busy at Sunset too, so I still can't believe they shut it down...
I never went there either without a wait if I didn't have an appt., but the process was tolerable, not like it's become, a miserable task that I'll dread even more now.
This review is written in the hope Quest will reconsider and open Sunset again.
Otherwise I'll have to find another lab as I'm condemned to all this every two months forever so better to find somewhere pleasant now.

Horrific experience!!
I was probed and prodded without even a smile!
Can you at least offer to buy me a drink?
Never mind, I wouldn't even take a drink from these heartless people that work here.
They treat you like cattle meat.
Stamp!
Poke!
Next!

I would give this place a one star if it wasn't for the nice blond lady from southern California that took my blood.
I was a nervous wreck, cant stand getting my blood taken, nor do i like waiting over an hour and seeing people that came in 30 minutes after me are being taken back (no they do not have an appointment) The woman working at the front desk is EXTREMELY rude and impatient, not courteous at all!
A simple question couldn't be answered, she wouldn't even look up from the computer screen.
Just points and says the sign in is over there.
Look up smile.. something.

The customer service is poor, extremely poor.
The only savior of this place was a really nice tech that barely spoke english, but was extremely friendly and warm!

