Love the seasonal chicken salad sandwich, the bread is soft and very fresh, the mayo dressing on the salad has a little twang to it, the apples and walnuts are fresh and crisp, but fries always stale.
I got the combo, sandwich, curly fries and drink and it was $9, I thought that was a bit high, considering the fries were so bad, I threw them out!
Love the sandwich, would rather eat it with chips!

The service here gets worse every time.
We stop for fast food about once a month, usually when we are in a rush to be somewhere.
Arby's has recently become my "go to" fast food spot, on account of the selection.
Honestly, most of the sandwiches I get do not feel like fast food.
On this stop, it occurred to me that, every time we come to this Arby's (about once every 2 months), something happens that leaves us sitting in the car for 5+ minutes waiting for our food.
They may as well close the drive through option at that point.
While I do not expect the attendants to be the standard of professionalism, they do some ignorant things, like take the money before mentioning the "5-8 minute wait" and rush me while ordering.
Also, be aware that the speaker box faces Durango, so it can be difficult to hear clearly, even when the attendant does attempt to speak properly.
On this particular stop, the wait ended with a bag stuffed with napkins, 2 fresh sandwiches and rock hard, cold fries...
I imagine that even your typical stoner drive through attendant would think the heat up some fresh fries after initiating the unexplained waiting period.
Do not stop at this Arby's if you want to be in and out or if you want a constantly prepared meal.
We have not eaten inside, but I would guess that the tables are sticky and none of the salt shakers are full.

There's usually no wait here.
Nice place to stop and grab some good Roast Beef Sandwiches!
Tonight I'm trying out the number 12.
Roast Beef, Bacon, and Cheddar!!
Curly fries as always...

Maybe it's nostalgia, but I remember Arby's being better as a kid.
Soggy buns, deli meet, and the cheese sauce is runny and lacking in flavor.
I think the gas station nacho cheese from a pump is a higher quality.
We gave them a chance thanks to some mailer coupons and I wish we paid full price at the sub shop across the street.
The only thing saving this review from 1 star is the service.
No wait (obviously, it was dead) but the two folks working were all smiles and friendly, even giving me a side of Red Ranch for no charge.

I used to like Arby's.
Although prices are on the higher end of fast food chains, I have always been a fan of their Beef 'N Cheddar Sandwich (I usually ask for a sesame seed bun because I don't like the onion roll).
Lately, both the quality of their food and service have gone down hill.
I also used to like the French Dip and Swiss, but the last 2 times I ordered it, the sandwich and the Au Jus has been flavorless.
A few times, I decided to try other things on the menu, like the Chicken Bacon Swiss Sandwich and the Jr. Ham and Cheddar Melt, but both were very very salty.
Service used to be good.
I have never seen this place busy, but the employees have always been friendly.
However, when I came here the other day, the employee at the register didn't even greet me.
She just stood there staring into space, waiting for me to say something first.
While I was waiting for my food, I could hear the drive thru intercom inside the restaurant.
The employees were pretty much laughing at everyone who used the drive thru.
2 good things about this place: a very clean dining room and they give you a lot of sauce for no extra charge.

Took so long to get our food, 20 minutes is ridiculous.
I get faster service at a sit down restaurant.
They messed up our order and the two people before us.
Problems?
Large onion rings only half full.
No cheese in the mozzarella sticks.
The food is good but not good enough to justify the price vs wait time.
Thank goodness the beef and cheddar was delicious or it would be a one star

Took forever.
Went through the drive through and ended up turning off my car after waiting for 7 minutes for one person ahead of me to get their food.
Then waited another 9 minutes to get mine....horrible service.
Ok food.

This is a review for my wife.
I was going out for dinner last night and she didn't want the food I was going to be having so I had to provide something for her.
After giving several choices, she opted for Arby's whose Market Fresh sandwiches she liked in the past.
I drove down and got a turkey ranch with bacon Fresh Market sandwich and an order of curly fries.
I was home in no time at all.
When I got in late last night, she elated how good her dinner was.
She liked the sandwich and the fries were something that haven't been in the house for years.
Now from my perspective, service was just OK.
The counter critter who took my order was lethargic and that's being kind.
After taking my order, she went about filling some others and motioned to me when my order was ready.
There was only one person in the restaurant besides me and only two cars at the drive through.
Overall, the place gets an A-OK rating.
My wife was happy, I didn't have to make something for her at home, and I was off to Bouchon for some French Bastille Day food.
Win win!

