We finally broke down and bought the Son a cell phone....we resisted for many years, but he's a good kid and deserves it.
So, we went to the nearest Verizon Wireless Store for him to pick one.
When you walk in, you have to check in with a Verizon employee, otherwise you won't get served.
We browsed around for a while and he picked his phone.
I noticed there was a self service payment machine, which is convenient (see pics).
The person who assisted us was very friendly and we were in/out of there within 20 minutes of walking in.....what a miracle!
Will I return?
Next time I need a phone, probably.

I waited outside for them to open so that I could be the first to buy the new Samsung Galaxy Nexus.
They opened on time, employees were ready and I was in/out in about 15-20 min.
The lady that took care of me was very nice and everything was setup very quickly.
The only thing I was in shock about was how can they get away with charging tax based on the FULL retail price instead of the sale/upgrade price.
But I looked it up online and it is allowed.

The ONLY reason this review is not getting 5 stars is that I had to go to the store due to a phone going bad after 20 days (this after the one before that lasted 41 days.
)  I had called the District Manager after having successfully worked with her on the prior phone issue.
She called ahead and told the Manager, Marcus, that I was coming in.
I'm sure she advised him of the prior issues.
Marcus took a LOT of time with me trying to make sure I got what I was looking for (or as close to it as possible since Verizon does not have a current phone to meet my needs.
)   Thanks to Marcus and Amber for making sure Verizon kept a customer - despite issues with the phone units themselves.

Visited the store yesterday ( sept 25, 12) to see about switching over from AT&T   Signed in and waited and waited.
Told the girl who signed me in that I couldn't wait any longer and she merely deleted my position and said goodby!
Lol.
I then went over to AT&T and bought the new iPhone from them.
Maybe I went to the wrong Verizon store!

I think I'm officially the owner of the dumbest "smart" phone in Las Vegas.
Since I got the Samsung Stratosphere in November, 2011, I've had to replace it three times prior to today.
Once was because I kept dropping it, so, yes, I realize that's my fault, but the two other times were because the phone is dumb: from the battery not holding a charge, to it getting hot, to dropping texts, to shutting off by itself, etc.
Well, guess what?
It completely died on me this morning, just stopped working altogether.
How am I supposed to check-in on Yelp and creep around on Facebook without my phone?!
So, I made the trek, again, to Verizon in my 'hood.
I've always gotten great customer service there and no one ever treats me like I'm crazy, even though this is now the FOURTH time I've had to get another replacement.
It turns out that Patty, who helped me today, had to replace her Droid seven times, so she feels my pain.
If I have to replace my phone seven times, I'm going to cry.
Patty did her best to resuscitate the phone, looking for batteries in the cupboards that would fit mine (none), charging it (I tried that), following the instructions on how to do a hard reset, but to no avail.
I greatly appreciated the valiant effort--she empathized and it means a lot to someone desperate.
Oh well, my new (likely refurbished) phone is supposed to come tomorrow.
Until then, as in the days of yore, I shall just have to rely on my laptop to keep me abreast of what my friends are up to.
Thanks for the great customer service, Patty; you made me feel better even though my phone sucks.

I dont know who to be mad at.
Seems there was an update that was forced upon the RAZR MAXX phones to upgrade to the newest version of android.
Problem is i keep getting packet errors every time the download finishes and all the phone wants to do is error the crap outta everything i do forcing a soft reset where it'll restore itself to a previous state, how it determined this state to revert to i have no idea.
Read on the forums to preform a hard reset and restore all settings to factory default.
Seems easy enough except i have tried both methods back to back after one another and instead of factory settings it still reverts back to that state.
I dont have the time now due to work or else i'd just hop on XDA and root the phone and flash a new upgraded ROM.
So on the way to Total Wine I noticed a Verizon store in Boca Park.
Drove in and infromed them of my situation.
I was assigned to Aileen Endowai.
I explained to her what was going on and while i was waiting individually uninstalled every single installed app on my phone then did a hard reset in front of her just to have it boot up not factory reset and still all the apps installed.
Aileen explained the situation and how the update has been screwing with everyone's phones and the only option is to ship me a replacement like-new condition phone.
She also answered any and all questions i had regarding my account and offered to show me accessories that were on clearance due to my phone being outdated.
Overall this is one of the more positive customer relations issues i've ever had the experience of being involved in.
Ideally i would have liked to have my current phone fixed right then and there and that there was something i was doing wrong preventing the update from coming through then walking out with some accessories for their troubles but in the end it all worked out fine.
Yelp 100 - 014 of 100

We usually have a five star day here but we miss Sandy!
Ginny was our rep this time and although she did take care of our needs, we were very turned off by her hard selling.
Suggestive selling I can understand you gotta do your job.
However, it hurts to feel shot down because we didn't want the things she suggested.
I'm all about reusing what i have before buying new things.
i just font like to waste.
To help her we gave in in buying an adapter for our iphone 5, to use on our other iphone chargers and we bought a life proof case because we wanted that.
we come hime to find out that the adapter can't even connect to the phone thru the darn case.
Urghhhh!!!
Not happy about going back to exchange it!
We live in summerlin, but I would have rather drive all the way to Henderson to see Sandy.
We love her!

I have  been a Verizon Customer for more than 10 years and you would think they just might want to keep my account....but no.
Each year, I seem to get less and less for my $$.
Finally this week I went to TMobile...better phone, no contract and unlimited calls, texts, and internet.
Here's the kicker, when I went to Verizon to ask how to transfer my pictures to my computer..they were (why was I surprised) unhelpful.
In the end, the T-Mobile representative took my Verizon phone, adjusted the setting and told me how to handle the transfer.
Shame on you Verizon...no wonder the T-Mobile store in the same shopping center is so full of former Verizon customers like me.

I am always greeted promptly when I come here, and usually I'm interacting with a rep within 5 minutes of my arrival.
Everyone has been very helpful with regard to my questions, and they have repeatedly suggested discount offers that were available.

I wont be calling out employees but if not for the manager I would have gave this place a one star.
I just downloaded the new IOs 7 and it had a bug where I couldn't type messages on my Iphone.
Long story short this woman was rude and unprofessional.
I asked for the manager and he really took care of me and explained why they couldn't help me.

After weeks of different information and inconsistent answers I finally ordered my new phone, before activating I wanted to go into the store to ask a couple questions, I decided to visit Boca Park Verizon being the store I had the least problems with.
Melissa greeted me after only a short wait time and was VERY helpful.
She was able to answer all my questions, activate my new phone and help me find a phone cover, even going to the back to find one closest to my needs!
She was awesome and I really enjoyed working with her!
Thanks Melissa!

Went into the store today to "simply" change billing information on my account.
The customer service rep that was assigned to help me turned into a "lack of" customer service person.
Guess that most things at a corporate level are just not simple or tend to lead to "lack of" customer service.
When i was told i could not do what i had come to do, i asked the store mgr, noe, for a contact a bit higher up.
He would not give me an information or names.
I then went to my car, called customer service on my phone, and had everything completed in less than 5 minutes.
Pride of ownership is just not going to be found, in many cases, at the corporate level.
Is it due to lack of pay, benefits, etc?????
i have no idea, but it sure does make me feel very very small in a large sterile verizon world.
i think my final thought is, don't go to the verizon store, at least the one in boca park here in vegas.
call first.
they seem to understand that a customer is important and we do not know the answer to the question we have asked, which is why we come to the store to ask the question

My girlfriend and I dealt with a guy named Eric today, and he was an absolute pleasure to deal with!
After talking to Verizon customer service on the phone, we worried that when we got into the store, the good deals we were quoted would suddenly have some catches.
Eric was extremely knowledgeable about the plans, and quickly put our minds at ease that the price would stack up exactly as expected.
He got us both set up with phones, transferred over contacts, and made sure we understood the changes that we're happening to the account.
Really great service from him, and I would highly recommend him and by extension, the store!

Matt H. is amazing.
I have never had so much fun at Verizon!!!!!
He took such good care of me and I liked him so much I got a tablet.
Wonderful experience.
He rook cate or all 60 of my issues and I couldn't be happier.

