I do love going in this place to pet the big exotic birds but I feel so bad for the little puppies for sale.
Some of them don't look to be of good breeding.
I find this place to be super expensive.
What they charge for their animals is rediculously expensive and their products as well.
I hope all the puppies find good, loving homes.
I don't believe in puppy mills but I just want these animals to find good homes.
They always have signs out saying puppy sale but there is never a sale.
I would not pay they kind of money they are asking for the animals.
I would rather go to a reputable breeder if I'm going to spend that kind of money.

After reading the other two reviews and this not being my first visit to Pet Land I totally agree with both of them.
All of the dogs look sad and depressed and it makes you want to buy them all and take them home to love them and take care of them.
I personally would adopt a dog before I would spend $1,600 on a puppy who could possibly be sick.
My mom made a comment about the brown little beagle looking sick, which he did.
I just hope these dogs are purchased, and taken care of like they deserve.
Don't buy a pet if you're not ready for the responsibility because some animals require as much attention as babies!

I just went in here looking for a leash for my dog and was so disgusted by how sad and sick the dogs they had looked I had to walk out...  Something needs to be done about this place!
All of those dogs should be rescued and they need to lose their license!

I came in here just so I could look at the animals while waiting for some friends.
The thing I didn't really like about this place was the service.
We walked in and there were 3 associates standing around that didn't say a word to us.
They just looked at us and continued gossiping to one another.
Yeah, the puppies do look sad, but it's so much worse at actual animal shelters and the kennels were actually very clean when I went in.
The prices seem pretty steep for the puppies, but I haven't been to very many pet shops in town, so I don't know what the normal rates should be.
The store also has other pets like ferrets, fish, hamsters, birds, turtles, etc.
They have a pretty nice setup for the Red Ear Sliders in the back and there's plenty of them to keep each other company.
Overall, I think this store is okay.
I definitely wouldn't buy anything here, just because I can find everything cheaper elsewhere, but I'd come in just to look at the pets and get ideas of different supplies to get for my turtles.

the 1 star is way too much of a rating for this store.
they advertise their dog food with  cheaper price tags on the rack, but when you get to the register... they "jack' the price up!
their excuse, "that was the old price, it should've been taken down.
" - per jeffrey/geoffrey.
my response, "that price tag has been up there for 3 weeks!
" i spend an average of $200/month on quality dog food and i shop around for the best prices.
petland has to stop claiming that they have the lowest prices on certain dog food.
don't forget the sickly & depressed looking puppies.
fuck petland... they just lost another customer!

I came in to purchase a parakeet.
Rude service and over priced.
The store manager is nasty to the employees and customers.
Although there is a fairly large selection of pets, the cages are often crowded and dirty.
The puppies are in cages that look too small and have to sit on wire all day.
A sad sight.
After my experience at this store I only visit Petsmart and Petco.
Avoid this location.
1 star is too much.
Meh.

Came in here with a friend interested in buying a dog.
They were busy, like usual.
First thing i noticed was that the dogs all were asleep or sad looking.
it didnt look as if they were getting out of the cages.
There was poop all over the cages and most of them had not been cleaned, about 65% were filthy.
It made me sad for them.
I hate dirty cages and would hate to have to sit on my own poop.
We asked to take out a dog.
The lady employee couldnt even tell us what type of dog it was, she had to go look twice.
Then she brought us the wrong dog and we had to correct her.
Finally, she brought the correct dog..  it was very excited and then was super loving and calm.
It was a weenie dog, priced at 1200.
Not bad, had its first round of shots and pure breed papers.
It had gorgeous coloring, grey and black.
As we continued to look there were two employees in their early twenties running around the store smacking each others butts with towels.
Very unprofessional.
It really upset me and its the main reason why we left  How about cleaning the animal cages instead of acting like children?!
Will never buy a dog from here.
I'd rather go to the shelter.

This place kills me, it really does.
I fell in love with a sad-looking kitten there, only to reach through the bars to pet it and find it sickeningly skinny.
I *really* don't need another cat, but I was all set to rescue this little girl, because I was pretty sure she wouldn't last another week.
Since there was no signage, I asked the nearest sales person how much the kitten was, and was shocked to find out it was $899.99.
For a nearly dead "pure bred" persian that had gunk in it's eyes and was the saddest thing I've ever seen.
It should be illegal to sell an animal that sick looking.
My heart is so broken, knowing that kitten is suffering.
I'm terrified to go back to see it.
I can't afford it, and I'm beyond frustrated that I can't do anything about it.
The dogs all looked pretty sad, and their cages weren't clean.
The only positive thing about this place, was the man in the bird section that obviously knew a lot about birds and we could tell he really cared.
They need more people like him.

I always find myself trying to give a place a second go.
Worst.
Idea.
Ever  Listen to my sad story.
I'm on the verge of tears as I write this.
We've been looking for a puppy for months.
We've tried pet stores, rescues and my favorite place, the Animal shelters.
Well, I decided to come with my husband here as this was the only place I had yet to look on our venture.
As we walked in I was surprised at how the cages were clean, the employees were friendly and attentive.
They answered any and all questions.
We saw and played with about 8 animals.
None of which my two year old got along with well.
She was either afraid, or it wouldnt play with or or there just wasnt that "spark".
My husband noticed this beautifully fluffy cockapoo that in the two hours we had been there hadn't gotten any attention.
They were slam packed too since its close to valentines.
We spoke with this extremely kind girl who said the female cockapoo was four months old and no one wanted or would play with her because shes not a puppy.
She also mentioned that since she had been there over 2 months she was on sale.
From 1100 down to 118.
Great deal.
Had all of its shots but 1.
Once we played with the dog we knew it was the perfect one.
Here were the signs; 1.
Leilah and the dog played for a straight 45 minutes.
it didnt bite her and would go up to her and lick her instead.
2. it had the same personality as other family dogs that we had had in the past.
3. had the same birthday as my mother, coincidence?
I think not!
We would have gotten it right then and there but we have a room mate til june and we wanted to make sure it was okay with her.
The problem she was at work with her phone off and worked at shift from 3 to 11.
So we would have to come back the next morning.
We asked if we could put down a deposit since we were serious and for sure.
The employee said sadly, if a dog is on sale no deposit is acceptable.
The next day I got up as soon as I could.
Let me tell you, getting a toddler ready, whos in the terrible twos is no walk in the park.
Got there 20 minutes after 10am (they open at 10am) and as I walked in they were selling it to another woman.
I was heartbroken and immediately started crying.
Heres the part thats upsetting.
I tried to put a deposit down.
Even worse is that they werent even respectful.
This african american employee said, "guess you should have bought it yesterday, if you really wanted it" and continued to make smart ass remarks "just buy another, its no big deal".
Horrible customer service.
The correct thing to say is, "Im sorry that you missed out on purchasing this pup but heres one other that we think may be right for you.
" Or whatever.
I will never come here again.

Purchased a Persian kitten from Petland in 2002.
He was so cute and sad looking.
Well, for the bargain price of $699, I got a kitten with a parasite and ringworm.
Petland sent me to their vet to try to cure the ringworm, and their vet manhandled, roughly scruffed, and borderline injured my little kitten.
I scooped up my baby and took him to my vet (who actually treated my baby with RESPECT.
) $1000 later, he was cured.
I would NEVER refer anyone to Petland, or any pet store for that matter.
Especially when shelters are overrun with homeless little babies who need a home.

Wow.. shocked at the amount of of bad comments about this place...
Here is my story.... My fiancee and I were looking for a persian cat for some time...
Even up to the point of getting to pet land I was screaming and hollering that I would never spend $1000+ for a cat... Long story short, we fell in love, and we got our little baby.
He is absolutely adorable, best pet we have ever had.
We had excellent service from Jeff @ the store, he was very knowledgeable, and overall great experience.
I don't believe you can find this pet for less anywhere else, trust me, we did the research.
Our cat is very healthy, no issues whatsoever.

This business is in the business of screwing over its customers.
And for that matter, the puppies all looked pretty sad and their paws looked raw and sore from the cages.
I can't believe they keep those poor things in those cages with big grates that their toes slip through with every movement.
Sad.
Anyway, I thankfully didn't buy anything from them, but when we were in the store I overheard them screwing an old man out of thousands of dollars.
Didn't get the whole story, but he seemed to be returning a female dog in exchange for a male.
The salesman (after about 10 minutes that I was there) told him finally that he would need to look up the return fee and that the price of the new male dog was going to be $2200.
Twenty two hundred dollars for a dog.
Insane.
The old man asked why it was so much when the female dog wasn't as expensive and the salesman just answered something like they're all always different prices and the male was newer than the female.
I don't know if that's age or length of stay in their store, but either way, it's sick how they put prices on these lives.
The old man was sooo disappointed and you could see him sink and just seem so ready to give up.
Anyway, I decided at that point to leave, but what I saw was extremely consistent with the negative reviews I've read.
The price tags on the cages all said numbers in the 300-400 range and then I overhear this old man being told his new dog will cost $2200 plus a fee to return the other one.
I don't know how these employees can work here and do this to people every day.
PS dogs at shelters cost like $75-150 depending where you go.
There's no reason to pay thousands for a house pet.
Unless you're buying from a specialty breeder for a show dog, that's just a huge waste of money.
Oh, and the one sales girl couldn't identify the breed of any dogs she was asked about.
If you work in a pet store you should be able to do that.
I hope no one is taking her word about typical breed characteristics.
Best of luck to anyone who tries to do business with this place.

Overall experience was great but the manager was a total douche.
The employees seemed unhappy like it was a dictatorship in there.

Since i moved in here near the boca park area, this is the closest pet store that i could get my dog's food.
As a dog lover myself, it breaks my heart that everytime i go there, those poor puppies looks sad and sickly, they are stepping on their own poop and seems skin and bones hiding on their fur.
I tried not to look and just grab the food/stuff i wanted (which is kinda overpriced!
), pay at the counter and leave as soon as possible.
The staffs there, which consists mostly bunch of teenagers who have no idea what their doing rather than to asked a generic question "what kind of dog do you have?".
They handle the pups poorly and one of them almost dropped the yorkie.
Its just so sad that theyre very much engaged in gossiping and chitchatting (and theyre not even shy to tone it down even just a bit).

First, let me say...PLEASE ADOPT!
Do not support these puppy mills.
Check the shelters and save a life.
The only reason we come here is they carry the high end food that we buy for our dogs and the it is the most cost effective we can find in Las Vegas.
After you purchase 13 bags of food, your next is free so every couple of months we get one free.
I walk in with dread every time because of all of the puppies behind glass that look sick and the cages are dirty.
Again, I hate puppy mills and they need to be shutdown.
The worse part is the employees.
Every single one says the same thing on every visit "what kind of dog do you have?".
Its not just one when you walk in it is EVERY SINGLE employee in the store.
It is annoying.
I just want to get the food and get out.

Im going to start this review by saying this..I DONT BS...if a business deserves a bad review i knock their block off.
You dont believe?
or are skeptical?
Check my other reviews.
I am a straight shooter and i tell it like it is.
With that said,when i came in here to get a new puppy I was very worried about the reviews I had read.Naturally ,I started to ask questions.My questions were answered to my satisfaction,in fact I asked a lot of questions in general.All were satisfactorily answered ,without a defensive attitude.
When you have a string of reviews on a business like this one that are so bad,it would be very easy to get touchy as I am sure that people have a preconception when coming in or after reviewing yelp.
All i can say is the following.I think having the right sales person helps a lot.
there are a lot of younger employees here and to expect them to be polished is not realistic.
I got lucky and was helped by Marisa.
She is clearly polished and knows what shes doing.I can respect that as i would offer no less to my customers.
the other problem i think is that pets (animals) are a highly charged subject and people get very uptight and emotional if there is an issue.weather it be that the responsibility is just too much or they cant afford the pet or the pet gets sick.
We are speaking of a living breathing animal not a lamp shade.And it does take time and resources to handle them.This is not only a time and emotional commitment it is also a monetary commitment.
As far as people who say don't buy from puppy mills I understand how you must feel about it,however all this PC talk is really getting out of hand.People are entitled to conduct business as they wish.No one has the right to guilt them or shame them.
It is a personal choice and thats all i have to say about that.
As far as attitudes regarding the staff in general.I just didnt see it,my experience was different.
And before people start to jump on me about buying a pet in a store,believe me when i tell you that I looked all over and just couldn't find the right match for what I wanted at shelters .
Anyways...on to the review in general.
I have enjoyed my purchase,we decided on a papillon and she is adorable.
She did have a worm issue but thats the way it goes.However,as part of the purchase if you hook up with their vet who is west charleston (will review separately) then petland will pay for all medications until the issue has been resolved.
It happens these are living creatures not robots they can get sick.There are also other perks to buying the animals from petland,such as a generous supply of different foods and supplements.
I would also like to say that my salesperson has been outstanding.Willing to take my calls even after hours to discuss strategies for training.
I would also like to add that I have been back numerous times to purchase all sorts of goodies for the new princess :).
I am pleased to report that we are all very happy and I am sure that she will be a source of enjoyment and love for many years to come.
Based upon my experience I could not be more pleased to recommend them for your pet purchases.
All i can say is that if you intend upon being the keeper of a life that you are prepared for the responsibility that entails.
If you are then I am sure that you will have a wonderful new companion!

While a few have had a good experience and most poor, I had to speak up about the living 'conditions' of these dogs that were witnessed upon entering the store.
The cages are small and for the larger breeds who are past the 8 week old, cute, puppy stage-they seem to barely have enough room to stretch out and lay on their side.
Part of the high prices and their success with selling the dogs at such a markup is because when you see them, you can't help but want to snatch them all up and get them out of those conditions and into a warm and loving home.
All the dogs had water, but I saw no food, and in fairness, I didn't notice too many dirty cages.
They did seem to be well staffed and no one in the store was rude to me.
It's fair to say they were a bit aloof but it's clear for most of the staff this is just a job; maybe they just get indifferent after being there awhile...
Honestly, you have to think of this place the same way you would think of a shelter.
Your saving a life and giving each of these sweet little souls a chance at a good life outside those conditions, the only difference is you get to have them as puppies and pay a much higher price.
All this said, Petland is a business and owners make decisions about how their business is run, so in a sense-it is what it is, and it is their right to operate in a way they see fit.
As a consumer, I won't be back because I prefer not to support a business whose practices I don't agree with.
That said, for those that buy, bless you.
You really are giving each animal at Petland at better life by bringing them into your loving forever home.

The younger staff was very, very sweet.
They encouraged us to play with the dogs without giving us the pressured salesman schpiel.
Definitely appreciated that becauset that's what I hate about other pet stores.
I need to see, think, and spend time with a puppy to fully decide if I will take it or not so I never appreciated other pet stores with pushy salespeople.
I didn't buy anything or a pet on my visit there but I was super shocked at the price of an English bulldog.
My husband has two purebred, AKC, high - pedigreed English bullies and the one that they had at this store was undoubtedly cute, he looked healthy,  but he did not have the distinctive,  desired traits that a real English bulldog enthusiast would look for, which my husband's dogs do have.
My husband paid almost half of what this poor thing was being sold for.
$4300 for a dog is ridiculous.
Although this is not the young emplyees' fault, I find it very hard to respect a business who sets the price so high because it insults our intelligence of purebred dog price knowledge and also it shows me all it's for is profit.
Not everyone can pay $4300 for a dog and to set the price that high, lowers the chance of him getting sold and into a good home.
The staff is great, super friendly, I saw them doing their jobs well by playing, caring, cleaning the animals and treating us with great respect without pushing us to buy something.
However, the business is a joke and for that I blame the management and owners

We'll break this establishment down in order of the concerns I witnessed.
Appearance The first thing you notice when you walk into this shop is that it stinks in there.
I realize that this place houses several animals, but if they are taken care of on a round the clock basis, there shouldn't be any reason why the smell is intolerable.
The problem is that there are several teenagers and young adults that are hired for this minimum job that spend the majority of their time acting as though they have animal care backgrounds when they're really only glorified retail employees.
Animal health There is nothing in these cage/kennels other than the animals.
No toys, no soft padded beds to lay on, just the animal and metal grate.
These dogs, from small to large are all forced to sleep on hard metal grates.
Furthermore, several of them appeared sick.
The one that my friend took out to hold had mucus in it's eye and a runny nose.
When she pointed it out to the employee that brought her the dog, he waved it off and explained to her that that particular dog was a new addition and had probably come to them like that.
Additionally, this puppy (that had only been in this store's possession for two days) reeked of urine.
Sales associates They're pushy, for sure.
They don't agree with the fact that their prices are ridiculous.
They were charging $2,000.00 for a Chihuahua.
$2,000.00!!!
If you don't agree that that's ridiculous, search Craigslist for a Chihuahua.
When we told him that that price was ridiculous, he proceeded to explain the overhead of the entire store to rationalize their prices.
When I scoffed and explained to him the low amount I paid for my pure bred miniature English Bulldog, he again discounted my experience and told me that the average amount to pay for that breed was now $7,000.00, which is not only completely ridiculous but false.
I'm sure there are some avenues that charge that amount and that there are people that would pay that amount, but it's not an average.
Couple these occurrences with the fact that they don't have an impressive selection of clothes, food or toys and I have to conclude that this isn't a very good store for the product they're pushing.

Just adopted a little beagle pup 2 days ago, and all seemed well and good, until we brought him home.
The poor thing started with a horrible phlegmy cough.
We brought him to the vet because of this, and found out that he also has worms!
We came across another couple at the vets office that also was buying a puppy at the same time the day before.
Their new puppy ALSO had kennel cough, and worms.
Does this company throughly test/screen all new puppies before they all mingle?
Kennel cough and worms are contagious!
Do they not throughly clean their cages?
Be careful, and take your new family member to the vet after you adopt him, and have him throughly checked out.
Who knows if the vet they refer you to is reliable?
The good news, is that Petland covers the cost of the antibiotics, and medication for the worms.

I will never go into or use this store again.
Jeffery who claims to be the manager of this store is the rudest person I have ever spoken to.
On the phone he proceeded to call me stupid and told me I do not understand how business works.
I told him that I help run a business and his response was he hoped my business goes bankrupt as he hung up on me.
Up to this point we had been happy with this store's services and everyone else had been friendly.
It is too bad that this bad apple has to ruin customer relationships like this.

Way too expensive here, charging 2600 and up for a puppy?
No thanks, I'll keep looking elsewhere.
Sales lady we had was very pushy, kept saying we could finance through them.
They have to get commission for selling animals.
She didn't even seem to care what type of environment the puppy would be going to and kept saying that my husky would immediately get along with any puppy.
Also, saw a dog eat it's own poop in one of the glass windows.
Doesn't seem like they take care of their animals here.
Some puppies were sleeping on each other and she just grabbed one of them and said look at this puppy!
Very disappointed, hopefully this place will learn to price more fairly and will take better care of their animals.

petland is the worst pet store you want to deal with.
this is reflected in the  most horrible manager (jeffrey) any one with a store manager like this can only reflect a pet store you should avoid!!!!!!!
their pet food prices are higher than other pet stores.
petland's sale of puppies needs to be investigated in how they treat their puppies, get their puppies too young  (most likely from puppiy mills) well over priced, $1400 and  up...............................

I am horrified to find that other people are have had such poor experiences at this establishment.
I went in with a few of my friends yesterday to see the puppies.
Everything was going incredibly smooth, great customer service from the younger staff,  until we started playing with one of the puppies.
I am currently looking for a furry friend, and can more than afford any of the puppies they had for sale.
One of my friends quipped that he wished he could just walk out with a puppy, naturally as their prices are very high.
A man in a red shirt, I assume a manager, did not find this funny and approached my friend, stepped on his foot in an attempt to keep him in place, and told my friend that he threatened to steal his property.
When my friend asked this man, very politely, that this red shirted man was encroaching on his person, he told my friend that he needed to move.
The puppy, which I had seriously considered buying, was whisked away from us and we were shown out.
Unfortunately I did not get this man's name, but someone with that much aggression should not be around newborn animals.
I will never make a purchase from this awful place.

Everyone that has left a bad review here has only left a bad review because: 1.
It is pricey  2.
They believe that the puppies have come from mills 3.
They are haters   I came to this Petland just browsing.
I wasn't looking to buy a puppy, but if I liked one a lot, I may consider.
I have been to the Petland in Henderson & have paid $2700 for a female pure bred Siberian husky.
She has 3 spots on her nose and the most beautiful mask ever.
When I walked into this Petland on charleston, I saw a male husky (with 2 dots on his nose that were very similar and same color) sleeping.
I thought it would be so cute to have a playmate for my first husky, so we ended up going home with another husky.
Prices are negotiable.
I bought this husky for $1700 including vitamins, xl crate, toy, bowl, shots, etc.
If you're complaining that these dogs are "sad" or "depressed," then do the puppies a favor-- purchase them, take them home, treat them with love and make their life worth while.
Stop complaining with you bs and not do anything about it :)

