We came to Doctor Hersh after we were having problems conceiving.
He met with us; he was very knowledgeable and was very patient with our many questions.
Dr. Hersh recounted his own trials with fertility issues so he too was familiar with our problems and concerns.
He outlined a plan for us- a series of tests for me (mostly) and my husband, and three cycles/months of clomid (pills) along with a "schedule".
He said that if he couldn't get us pregnant, he's refer us to the Fertility Center.
" We ended up doing four failed cycles.
But I wanted to mention that Dr. Hersh was very good about contacting us with regards to instructions and follow-up.
Even though, this branch is closing, I wanted to leave good comments about Dr. Hersh- he really wanted to help us.

Today I spent 30 minutes on the phone typing 1 for the next menu and the next one and the next one, before I got a live person.
Once I finally did, I asked how much office visits generally run, and the woman said she doesn't know because she only handles appointments at that office.
She asked where I lived to find the closest office near me, and said the Southeast one was closest.
Fine.
She puts me on hold for another 5 or 6 minutes, comes back and tells me that the first available appointment is on November 4th.
I said "I could be dead by then.
" I asked her if she could refer me to a place I could just go to today.
She said she only knew about Southwest.
I said, "So when you get sick you wait a month an a half to get treated too?
" She explained how that's because I'm a new patient.
So apparently it's only the new patients they let die.
The ones who've already given them money they treat more quickly.
Awesome.
I ended up going to UMC Sunset Quick Care...which was AWESOME.
My suggestion: Take your business and your hacking cough to UMC Sunset, where they actually care about you and take care of you at the time that you need it.

I made appointment with Dr. Ezhuthachan because Dr. Perlow was unable to see my daughter on a certain date so I just pick the next doctor that was available.
I was so glad that Dr. Perlow was booked because Dr. Ezhuthachan is such a great doctor and she takes the time to answer my questions.
This was the 2nd time we visit Dr. Ezhuthachan and I will continue to bring my daughter to see her.
Dr. Perlow and Dr. Ezhuthachan are the most sweets, understanding and knowledgeable doctors

the fat guy at the front desk check in is a total jerk.
if i hadn't been with my 5 year old i would of punched him in the nose.

Waited for an hour and half after my scheduled appointment only to talk to a nurse practitioner who had NO answers for me.
I went full on Vegan the first of the year and Ive been having some issues with it.
She didnt know what Veganism even was.. awesome.
So i opted out for just an allergy shot and considering I had none of my usual after effects from it and my allergies are still horrendous im wondering if it was actually a kennalog shot at all.I wont be returning.

Deanna Duch at Southwest Medical Associates Specialty (Neurology) is wonderful!
She always listens to all my concerns and addresses them in a professional manner.
She doesn't rush the appointment either like most doctors!
She is also so so friendly!
I love coming to see her at my follow up visits :)

Most of the time when you are here it is because you are sick and already feeling down.
Its easy to look around and think you will never get called to see the doctor and question why you are waiting.
I recently visited this location with my wife who was very sick.
I had to do all of the paperwork and help her around as she needed assistance.
They got us to a room within 10 mins and began the normal questioning and tests.
I was there for 6 hours which wasn't great but I know it was because they needed to have the results in before trying different medications, understandable!
The staff was very helpful and understanding to someone who was miserable from the pain and answered all of the questions I had as well.
I have been here before for some of my own issues and though at times the wait is unbearable, I feel I am under pretty decent care.
Thank you to the Drs and staff!

