When ones hunger is taking over them and driving around, we have a few choices here in Las Vegas.
You can go through a drive through, or stop and get a quick take out fast food type item.
Tropical Smoothie has a couple locations around the valley and they really serve a great purpose.
They have good smoothies, although not my favorite thing there, and wraps and salads.
The Chicken Ceaser Wrap is the absolute perfect lunch on the go.
It is SO yummy.
It has white meat chicken and lettuce and cheese inside a tortilla, with some baked chips is under ten bucks and a pretty healthy alternative to a drive through.
Another fave of mine is the Buffalo chicken wrap, it beats a burger any day!
They use boars head meats and cheeses for its sandwiches so your always guaranteed a great sammy!

This is my fav lunch spot in town!
The combo is perfect for me for lunch.. pick 2.. half salad, half sandwich, and 24 oz smoothie.
Every smoothie I've had has been great, in particular the Island one (one with pineapple and peach and banana.. mmm).
The sandwiches come toasted and warm.
Also have to strongly recommend the King Caesar wrap.
It is warm and toasted like the sandwiches.
This throws my boyfriend off and makes him upset (why is a wrap toasted he asks), but I find it delightful.
Just a heads up if you find toasted wraps "wrong".

When my honey comes home from work, he stops by and gets smoothies for us- They taste great at 430 am!
Blueberry with frozen yogurt..yummm!
I'm of course a Cali girl so I'm a Jamba Juice girl, but when in Vegas....Tropical Smoothie is the place to go.

Two experiences, two drinks, two sandwiches... and go to review!
Well, I ate here two days in a row on my lunch break.
Mostly because I was really liking their small sandwich portions paired with a smoothie.
I was getting tired of eating huge sandwiches or big meals on my lunch breaks, so the smaller portions from TSC were a better option for me.
First off I've had quite a few smoothies from TCS and although I like most of them I tend to stay away from anything that has pineapple in the name because I think it just makes the smoothie taste weird.
My favorite smoothie from here is the one that is mainly blueberries (I forget the name).
The food was pretty decent.
I have had the Pesto Chicken and the Buffalo Chicken wrap.
Is it great?
No, not really.
But is it okay for the price, plus getting a smoothie to go with it?
Yes.
However, the girl working the register the first time I went put me off.
She was unprofessional and slightly rude.
I was really glad she wasn't working the second day I came here for lunch.
I like Tropical Smoothie, but I like Jamba Juice better for smoothies in general.

This is a smaller than usual Tropical Smoothie Cafe with as little as 4 tables and 1 single-unit bathroom.
Mind you, their bathroom has no vent so that's one thing to note!
My galpal, Candy and I were set to do some research on good picnic grounds in the Las Vegas area for my birthday (which is tomorrow, but we plan to go on a picnic next week) so all we needed was a strong wi-fi network (and she assured me that Tropical Smoothis was 'student friendly') and some good ol' brain food.
After a quick examination of the menu, we both settled for a couple of flatbreads - Honey Ham & Swiss for her and Chicken Pesto for me.
For $3.99 (that's $4.13 with tax), we were filled up pretty well.
Top that with a chocolate chip cookie (roughly 0$0.60 each) and we had our cherry top for the night.
We had a good time chit-chatting if only it weren't for the cackling blender in the background that grumbled abruptly every now and then, it had us jump a little every time.
But other than that, I wouldn't entirely suggest this place for a hang-out as much as it is a stop-order-&-go branch.
Friendly service and good food nonetheless.

Love this place.
I always feel so good about myself after getting one of their smoothies!

Pretty good location.
They tend to get pretty busy at lunch time, when I usually frequent this place, but they are efficient and always seem to get each customer in and out as quickly as possible.
Customer service is pretty friendly as well.

Although I was sick with a sinus infection... and what I mostly tasted was "cold" ...   From my previous visits to Tropical Smoothie, its sweet and delicious and oh-so refreshing on a "normal" Vegas day.
Will definitely come back since this place is more abundant than Jamba Juice or any other places of the sort around my neighborhood

So I ordered a lean machine from this place and when I left I started to drink it and it tasted like someone put all kinds of medicine in the drink it was so bad it made the hair on my arms and neck stand up and made me get shivers from drinking it.
So i mixed it around a little to see if that would help and it didn't at all.
I wasted money on that drink cause I had to throw it away due to it being so bad and nasty.
I will never order a smoothie from this place again it was so bad and disgusting.
It makes me want to throw up.
DO NOT ORDER THE LEAN MACHINE FROM THIS LOCATION EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!

what can i say about this place, it is the best in my opinion.
none of those garbage smoothie places come close.
No jamba or smoothie king or even fast food or fro-yo places can compare.
I love this location inside the green valley ranch because it is right next to my school.
the prices here are a little steep compared to the ones all over town.
acai berry boost with whey, never order anything but it, and never will... this smoothie alone has changed my life, believe it or not...

Location&Parking: This place isn't really hard to find.
Located to the right of Albertsons and next to radioshack.
And there are always parking spaces available at the front of their cafe.
Price is usually around $4 for a regular smoothie.
Not that bad of a price.
They also give you a stamp card so when you have 9 the 10th one is on them.
Service: Usually just teenagers working at the shop, but they're all pretty friendly and helpful.
I usually have my drink out in 5minutes or so.
Smoothies: I come pretty often, at least once a week.
So far my personal favorite is the mocha madnesss.
And so far I've had no smoothies that tasted bad, all were pretty much on point.
A major plus is that they're open 24 HOURS!!!

Always come here for lunch and never had an issue!
The cranberry white chocolate truffle is amazing btw.

Great place to come to when you need a good kick back time with your friends.
Smoothie is tasty, customer service is fantastic and service is really fast.
My favorites i get here is the sunrise sunset smoothie and a flat bread baja chicken.
I recommend this place!

This was my first time ordering from this location.
I ordered the Jetty punch with energizer.
It was awful!
I was on my way to an appointment so I couldn't come back, but I called to let them know that the bananas they were using were bad.
At least, that's what it tasted like.
The girl proceeds to tell me the "Energizer" is BITTER in flavor.
I think it's curious that they would make a BITTER boost to go into a sweet smoothie.
If that is true, I would think you would tell your patrons that it's going to change the flavor.
I am surprised they didn't offer to re-make it for me, since I was clearly not happy.
I will not be visiting this establishment anymore and will tell everyone know to steer clear!

The most smoothie experience I have is little sample cups I've tried and liked and made many at home.
My husband has been on a Tropical Smoothie kick and he got a free smoothie coupon for his birthday, so he decided to share it with me.
He got the Health Nut Smoothie, it was really good.
And it wasn't heavy like I thought it would be.
I would get it again and I'd be willing to try out some others.
This location wasn't really busy at around 7 pm on a week night so we were in and out with our smoothie really quick.
There is no drive thru at this location.

How great is this place?
I love the selection and combinations they offer here!
I also adore that they only have one size and it's actually quite massive.
My husband usually ends up finishing mine after he's slurped the last of his.
Service is friendly and pretty fast, it's perfect for a warm desert day.
The only suggestion I have for this location is that they invest in some air conditioning, cuz it was brutally hot inside.
bleck.

Awesome place!!
The staff is nice and fast.
I love all the smoothies and the honey ham & swiss flatbread is delicious.
They are open 24/7 which is great for the graveyard people

when you first walk in you are hit with this horrible smell of....i dont even know what it is.....its just nasty...like burning rubber or something!
for being a place that is supposed to create amazing FRESH drinks from wonderful fresh fruit.......it certainly doesn't smell that way!
Also, their sandwich/wrap selections for non meat eaters is sad!
The one wrap that they have that is vegetarian is just nasty...whatever corporate chef put those flavors together clearly didn't taste it after they made it!
one choice??
that's all your going to give us vegetarians???
I know thats more of a corporate issue...but the smelliness of this location should be the managers issue...also the employees are very slow and really dont seem to give a hoot about their jobs....

Not very fast service, but delicious smoothies!
Yummy!
This place is always busy and I know why.
First, super friendly staff and great smoothies.
They could stand to be more efficient making the waits less, but it was worth it all in the end.
I got the Peanut Paradise with peanut butter, banana, non-fat yogurt and whey protein.
It was a BIG drink.
Almost too big.
I was headed to yoga and just wanted a little something to put in my stomach, but I couldn't drink all this without getting sick, I'm sure.
So, it's a good sized smoothie for the price.
I have other things here that were just as good in terms of smoothies.
I have to say the food looks a little unhealthy (not sure if is or isn't, just looks that way), but looking at it I'd have to stay away.
Anyway, great place to indulge a little and do it in a mostly healthy way!
Love this place!

"FYI, when you cut a 'TO-GO' wrap in half that has any kind of sauce, guess what happens, yeah the sauce leaks out all over and the tortilla and it falls apart!

Not really much to add other than what people already know.
But don't forget, you can get your drinks without sugar or sweetener-free!
You can cut out a ton of calories by using Splenda.
Regular Blimey Limey = 210 calories!

Health nut is perfect to start the day

Went right at lunchtime (1230pm) there was a line about 5 or 6 deep with 1 cashier, but it went quickly.
Cashier was efficient, yet still professional, not rushing anyone.
I got the 'get up and gogi' and it was excellent just as it always is.
I noticed they did add new smoothies as well, which I didn't notice until after I ordered, so I will have to go back and try them since they sounded good.
This location is great.
Staff is always friendly and they are open 24 hours.

What happened to their amazing smoothie menu?
It was very limited today.
Yuck...and the smell when you walked...was like burning rubber.
:-(

i love this place, the girls always remember my smoothie and are always pleasant they ran out of splenda today and i left and walked next door and bought them a big ass thing of splenda so they wouldn't run into that problem for the day, they were so kind and grateful, my fav place :)

The smoothies & food are awesome but its never clean inside.
Trashes are over flowing, debris all over floor,  The tables and chairs are covered in crumbs.
I saw a roach crawl up the wall about a month ago but i didnt want  to say anything because I really like the staff & I didnt want to embarrass anyone.
Anyways, just clean it up and show some love!

My go to for post work out smoothies.
I love that Tropical Smoothie Cafe's use fresh fruit rather than puree and if you're calorie conscious, they have a chart where with calories in each item on the menu.
My favorite is Island Green but Lean Machine, Muscle Blaster and Acai Berry Boost are all delicious!
If you're like me and like post workout smoothies, you can always add a shot of protein to any smoothie that does't come with it (you also have a choice of Soy and Whey).
If you're not like me and like to indulge, they have a selection for you too.
This location in particular is great.
Staff is pleasant and fast, tables and the counter are always clean.

Everytime I've gone to this location, the smoothies were absolutely HORRIBLE.
They were always too sweet.
I tried to like the smoothies, i gave it so many chances, but each time I was disappointed.
I think it's just the location because I've tried a Tropical Smoothie on Las Vegas Blvd and another in Summerlin and they were excellent.
It's just very inconvenient to go to those locations because this one is the closest to where I stay.
The only good thing here I would say is the food.
I've gotten a couple of wraps and some salads here and they were pretty good.

The smoothies are great, I ask for no sugar because they put a quarter cup in.
sandwiches are taste but they microwave the chicken.
sometimes they are under staffed and you have to wait a while so give yourself time.

Every single table was dirty, there were 3 people working, 2 weren't actually doing anything, only 3 people including us 2 were here... CLEAN THE TABLES!!!
Disgusting, dirty, lazy workers.
We had to sit at a wobbly table just because it was the cleanest out of all the dirty tables.
And to top it off, the Asian lady was rude.

This place is so good.
Id have to say almost as good as Jamba Juice.
There is a weird smell when you walk in and Idk what it is big their service and drinks as fantastic.

ERIC WAS AWESOME!
There were literally 6 people ahead of me, and 3 came in after I ordered.
Poor guy was the ONLY one there!
Though it's the late/overnight shift, it gets busy!
So...GET HIM SOME HELP!!
He was working so hard with such poise.
Way to not crumble under pressure!
Will definitely be back!

Terrible customer service.
Was about 4-5 people in line and they made us wait about 15 minutes to just take out order.
I should not have to wait 30 minutes to get a drink.
& if you are going to make people wait so long , the least you can do is apologize.
Customers come first.
I'd rather wait for me drink sitting at a table then have to stand in line.
Annoyed.
At least the smoothies are good...

It's not very clean in the dining area and they gave my smoothie to someone else so I had to wait longer than necessary.
It seems they need to work on improving work flow or getting another employee in there to help out.

I am a regular at a number of Tropical Smoothie locations-- I absolutely LOVE the Thai chicken wrap with Gardein faux meat.
One recent evening, I stopped into this T.S.
and ordered just that.
The boy with the glasses and large gauged ears took my order.
His tag was not visible and he did not give me a receipt, though, so I do not know this name.
Upon repeating my order back to me, everything was correct.
Once the order was complete, as I took my bag, I asked, 'With the Gardein chicken, yes?
' To which he said, 'Yes'.
When I got home, I unwrapped my wrap and had a feeling that I should take a look before biting into it.
Indeed, my wrap was made with real chicken, NOT Gardein.
I quickly drove back to Tropical Smoothie and confronted this staff member about the error.
When I asked, "Why did you make my wrap with real chicken, even though I emphasized Gardein before preparation AND asked you when you handed me the wrap whether it was Gardein or not?
"  His reply: "It must have slipped my mind".
Completely unacceptable and absolutely disgusting.
Had I not been familiar with what Gardein looks like, I likely would have eaten an entire wrap with regular chicken.
I am too scared to go back to any T.S.
now, and hope this employee is reprimanded.
Thank you for messing up one of my favorite to-go meals!

This place is terrible at customer service!
At least at night..... Every time I've come here, I'm always stuck waiting when there's only one person in front of me.
There's no acknowledgement when we walk through the door.
A simple "I'll be with you in a minute" would be enough.
There's no sense of urgency and it seems like they're taking their sweet time making the smoothies while the line gets longer.
If you're looking to get in and out within a matter of minutes, don't count on it.

Not friendly, clean or happy.
Smoothie was good.
People making it need to smile.

LOVE tropical smoothie but this one in particular has the worst customer service I have ever had!!!
Whomever the cashier was sucked so bad!!
It was Charlotte or something with a CH but was a guy!
He got me a wrap that I specifically asked no ham....
Opened it and it had ham.
Then he forgot to give me potato salad that came with it so I had to remind him... Then he forgot the fork as well.
He knew he screwed up so bad he gave me a free smoothie card.
Did I mention that while he was taking my order he took about 15 minutes and screwed up the entire thing!!!
I will never ever go here again.

Zero sense of urgency.
All the staff women sit in the back and gossip about random nonsense non business related.
Get your a$$ to work, other people have things to do.
And thanks for putting sugar in my shake when I specifically asked for none.
So much sugar in this smoothie, it might put me in a diabetic coma and I'm not even diabetic.
This is ridiculous, FIRE EVERYONE!!!

I had not frequented Tropical Smoothie Café in quite some time due to a bad experience previously, but when some co-workers suggested it for lunch I decided to go along.
For lunch I had the Thai chicken wrap with some sun chips...
I have to admit that I was pleasantly surprised!
The wrap was very yummy!
I really enjoyed the combination of flavors and textures, the Thai peanut dressing is great!

Maaan my first bad Yelp.
This place is a customer service disaster... no hi.
No how are ya.
No kiss my ass nothing, stonewalled at the register.
Tweaker bitch in the back busy doing laps.
Peanut Paradise looks like shit ditto on the cookies.
I just wanted a cookie :/ 2 stars cause the joint is clean and with everyone hopped up on whatever they where quick.
Needs improvement to say the least.

