Eagle Taekwondo is a great place to learn Taekwondo or start a healthy activity.
I started Eagle Taekwondo when Master Kim was my instructor.
After his passing his two daughters Master Helen and Ester Kim took over the business.
I visited them recently and was skeptical on how it'll turn out but i was very impressed.
Not only did they revamp the place, but they have so much chemistry with each other it works out perfectly.
Both Masters are GREAT with kids.
I know marital arts' instructors can be very strict with children but at Eagle they know how to discipline each student individually.
They also have incentives for their children to receive good grades in school.
Im not sure exactly what the children get, but I do know the majority of their TKD kids have impressive report cards!
They are heavily involved in current TKD news, local/national tournaments, and the community around them.
I often see them have picnics and family events on their Facebook page.
Lastly, the masters still participate in national tournaments and conventions.
SO, if you are an older more serious student, these masters can train you on a higher level.
They are not afraid to work with students individually for any number of reasons.
This family loves Taekwondo for what it is.
They aren't just running a business for money.

Wonderful school!!
If you're someone that is looking to join and activity to stay in shape, gain balance, strength, agility, cardio, self esteem, encouragement, AND FRIENDS this is definitely the place you want to sign up to.
It is never too late to start!
We have all ages here and the Masters are patient and great at what they do.
The environment is very friendly and the prices are very reasonable compared to most schools.
Come and give it a try!
The Masters and students make it our priority to make new people feel welcome and respected!

I recently took a trial class here, and Master Kim gave me the best full body work-out of my life!
I didnt only learn only defend myself, but got educated on the history and the ethics behind taekwondo.
The dojang is very well-maintained and kept extremely clean, which made all my initial skepticals go away.
Anyone who is looking for a great workout for their families, I would definitely recommend this place!

Excellent school and very good with teaching kids.
The teachers have a lot of patience and they know their stuff.
Alan and Vanessa are two of my favorites!

Mr. Earl.
Eagle Tae Kwon Do; My way of life.
In July of 2012 my Granddaughter started training at Eagle Tae Kwon Do.
Eagle Tae Kwon Do is one of the first schools in Las Vegas and has a great reputation.We went to the school and met with Head Master Ester Kim.
I was impressed with her professionalism and concern for her students.
I observed the training for a month and was so impressed that  I started training myself at age 66!
Master Kim is strict but never harsh.
It is amazing how she inspires her students to be the best they can be.
Not only in Tae Kwon Do but beyond Tae Kwon Do to aspire to be successful in school, work , home and life.
Courtesy - Integrity - Perserverance -Self Control- Indomitable Spirit are stressed on an ongoing basis.
The Physical training is fast paced and progressive.
Difficult , but makes one stronger.Tournaments are stressed as Exprience - skill or practical wisdom gained by personal knowledge, feeling or action.
.Instruction Emphasizes the imparting of information,knowledge or skill; Teaching suggests more the personal relation of Master and student.
Master Ester Kim is a paragon of a Master Teacher!
Eagle Tae Kwon Do forever.

Master Kim is great and very knowledgeable at her stuff.
I highly recommend this place for everyone!

