I have done business here for years, for various different things.
I've had nameplates engraved, plaques designed and made, acrylic engraved for gifts.
I have always been delighted with the final product.
The prices here are very reasonable, and the service is cheerful and fast.
It's a great place to go for any type of "reward", "recognition", or gift idea.
The shop is full of creative ideas, and if you have your own ideas, they can bring them to life.
I've been going here for 20 years, and will continue to do so.
Susan C.

I needed three name tags in two weeks, I picked them up in three business days.
Quick, efficient and friendly.

Absolutely amazing.
I flew a flag for my father while I was deployed.
I was only in Las Vegas for block leave.
I need a shadow box done in a short amount of time.
Not only did they do an amazing job they finished it before the date that was given to me.
The price was not to bad either.
I am extremely satisfied with the work and customer service that was provided for me.
The look on my fathers face when I gave him the shadow box was priceless!!
Great place I highly recommend them!

I had a flask that had a small spot for etched initials.
It was a gift and the gift would look incomplete with a small blank spot, so I googled the closest place and Boulevard Trophy was it!
I called on a Wednesday asking what the turnaround time was.
I needed it for a party on Sunday.
She told me if I could drop it off today, I could pick it up on Friday.
(They are closed on the weekends).
I asked if the initials could be as large as possible, so they emailed me a proof on Thursday morning, looked great!
Picked up on Friday as promised.
It looked perfect and came out exactly like the proof.
I was charged $15 for three initials.
I've never had anything engraved before so I don't have a price point to compare this to.
Their showroom is packed with things that can be etched, glass objects, plaques, trophy's and they even do custom framing.
they also have a custom stamp store within this store, not sure if it's a different company or not.
The workers are nice, friendly and prompt.
I would definitely use them again.

Joe and his associates did an excellent job engraving two small metal pieces for two of my stethoscopes.
They were accommodating by completing the job quickly and pricing the job well.
I would definitely recommend anyone in need of engraving to use Boulevard Trophy!

