Need shoe repair, Eastern and Tropicana on the South East section of the intersection.
The shop faces west, tis on the south end of the building, in the second row of shops from Eastern Ave.
Shoes, and other leather products.
I had them repair a Coach backpack style purse for a friend, after Coach returned the item saying it could not be repaired...
Owner repair man is a very friendly person, with an amazing amount of knowledge in leather goods construction...
They also have quality leather wallets, and money folds.
If they do not have the shoe lace you need, it is no longer available...  Update March 2013:  They also can fix/repair Bicycle Shoes.
I have a pair of Cannondale branded  Diadora Road Bike shoes, that began to scratch my toes raw.
On a whim I took the shoes to B & L..
The counter person opened the shoe and explained they had used a heavy pasteboard to build the toe box, something done by numerous sport shoe manufactures to reduce the construction cost.
He indicated it could be repaired by adding a leather cap to the front toe area.
Several days later I was in the pedals with these repaired cycling shoes enjoying a 40 mile ride, and all the discomfort was gone.
From a Stylish Coach Bag, solid Leather Shoes, or your Expensive Branded Sports Shoes, this is a location to have your leather goods checked before tossing them in the dustbin.
Might save you more than a few dollars, or the time breaking in a new pair of leather shoes.

When you have a high heel fetish you need a good cobbler.
Bingo!
This one is a winner (think if you hit 7-7-7 at the slots).
The gentleman in the shop (I think his name is Mike?
) is a total sweetheart.
He asked me when I need my shoes back -accommodating=good customer service.
Cost me under $7 to get my heels re-heeled (had to replace the little rubber stopper thingie -yes i said thingie).
My heels were done on Tuesday just like he said.
So happy to know that my heels are in good hands.

Decided to try this place because it's close to campus.
I brought a pair of sandals whose tips were worn down to the nail.
A few days and $6.95 later, they were good as new!
Plus, they take credit cards!

These guys were great.
Super funny as an added bonus.

Needed a strap repaired on my Delsey Computer Bag.
This was a warranty repair.
Easy job right?
I DON'T THINK SO!!!!
Left my bag there on a Monday...Mike said "no problem give me till Wed." Drive all the way from westside on Wed. to pick it up.
Took them about 30 min.
to find the bag (Store looks like it's been hit by a tornado).
Guess what?
Repair not complete.
Then Mike says "You know what give me til Fri. and I'll have it ready".
Why did I believe him in his disorganized shop.
Come back Fri. (Took 20 min.
to find bag) Guess what?
Repair not done.
Mike apologizes again "for sure Monday".
Well, I didn't come back Mon.
I went on the following Tue.
That's 2 weeks (to fix a damn strap!!!!).
The job was still not done.
I took the bag and told all the customers in the store how I felt.
No one should do business there.
Non-professional and very bad customer service.
He definitely does not know how to run a business.
I wish there were negative stars on here...I give him a negative 5 stars.

Needed A Marc Jacobs pure dyed so I went to my usual store in Green Valley they wanted $275 to dye my purse which was ridiculous.
I came down here to B&L and Fred took care of my purse had it ready on time and charged me $65 dollars.
My purse looks like new again.
Thank-you Fred you're a sweetheart :)

WOW!!!!
Is all i can say!
Fred is wonderful!
I'm in love again.
He is a great guy, that does a great service at GREAT PRICES!!!!
I'm so glad i went out of my way to go there.
I called other places and got prices (Shoe Lab) and they asked me who makes my shoes and quoted me 25-35 dollars for what B & L does for 8!
Unbelievable!
After speaking to the owner of SL he gave me a deal for 15.
Unreal, why does it matter who makes my shoes, as long as the work is the same.
I'm from NY and i usually pay 6 bucks at one of the best shoe repair places that works with ALL the best shoe stores and stores.
It's finally nice to find an honest person doing honestly great work  and not get ripped off.
I love Fred and the work he did.
He's a great man and did the work on the spot.
I will be back with MANY more shoes.
I highly recommend him to everyone!!

For years I've been looking for a good quality and reasonably priced shoe repair store, and I've finally found one at B & L Shoe and Luggage Repair!
The owner, Fred and his employee, Kim, were extremely friendly and helpful.
The store is easy to find and there are photos around the store with the owner and his celebrities clients.
I took two pairs of shoes to the store, and at Green Valley Shoe Repair, I was given a quote of $145.
At B&L, I only paid $68!
The shoes were fixed promptly and the results were perfect.
I will never go back to the bigger shoe repair shops in town.
Tell all of your friends and family to go to this place.
Don't throw away your favorite pair of shoes because of tear or rip here and there.
Take them to B & L first!
They will be grateful!
Who could ask for more?
Great service and prices!

I've never needed to have a pair of shoes re-souled before, so I had no idea what to expect.
I found B&L on Yelp and the reviews were outstanding, plus they are very close to my house.
So I took my black leather wingtips which I have owned for ten years there.
They charged me $65 to have them re-souled, which I thought was very reasonable, considering I payed more than double than that for them.
They had the shoes ready for me in four days.
If I have any other shoes in need of repair, B&L has found a loyal customer in me.

I took a tow strap here for repair and they had it done the next day.
Price was about 1/3 of what I would have paid for a new one.
These guys seem pretty legit, wish I had some shoes that needed repair!
Thanks Fellas!

I brought a full grain Schlesinger leather briefcase (current cost for a new one is $450) here to get the handle fixed.
Fred suggested replacing the handle and I agreed because it was torn.
The briefcase is about 14 years old and is showing wear so I asked Fred if he could clean it up.
He said he could re-dye it and it would look good.
So I said ok.
Here is my conclusion on the quality of the work: both handles got replaced.
The old handles were of much higher quality and had a metal tube inside of the handles for stability.
The replacements were skinnier and cheaper with no inside support--basically more of leather straps as compared to handles.
When I went to pick up the bag, the dye job was horrible, so they kept the case to redo it.
They dyed it much darker than the original color--very disappointing!
They took a full grain leather case and made it look cheap.
Plus, the work was sloppy.
There was dye on the buttons and hooks, which I cleaned off.
It looked as if they spray painted it without masking some of the metal parts.
I paid $70 and I'd say it was worth maybe $35.
I'm really sorry I had them dye it.
I could have done a better job myself with some shoe polish and leather cleaner.
Now it looks like a different briefcase, and the case looks cheap--too late!
My advice is to be very clear with B&L as to exactly what you want and expect.
Also, I found Fred to be kind of rude and not very pleasant.
I will likely not be using B&L in the future.

Fixed my luggage and shined my shoes when I was in a bind.
Also did it cheaply.
Highly recommend.

Excellent place if you're looking for a cheap and quick shoe repair!
I recently bought a pair of Jeffrey Campbell Litas on eBay that were supposed to be in "great condition", but when I got them in the mail last week, I noticed that the rubber tip on the bottom of the heel on one of the shoes was missing (just my luck)!
The wooden heel was already worn down as if the previous owner had actually worn the shoes out with the rubber piece missing (the HORROR).
So I decided to Yelp a decent shoe repair shop and B & L came up.
I stopped by around 3:30 in the afternoon on a Tuesday, and there was no line as I expected.
I was greeted and helped as soon as I walked in!
I told the repairer that I wanted to replace the heel tip on the other shoe in addition to adding a heel tip to the shoe that was missing a tip, just so the height and the color of both heel tips would match.
He told me that it would take up to 20 minutes if I wanted to wait, but he said I can come back before they closed at 6pm, which is what I did.
I was given a ticket stub for my shoes and I left.
I came back around 5:30pm, and there was one other lady in front of me being helped (she was quoted $40 to replace the leather soles on a pair of shoes, which is decent).
After 5 minutes of waiting, I was able to inspect my shoes before paying, and the heels on both shoes looked perfect, and I only paid $12 total for the repairs!
And FYI, I am VERY picky about my shoes and the condition they're in.
I uploaded a photo of the before and after of the damaged heel if you want to take a look.
Overall, the repairer was helpful, friendly and he didn't push me to purchase other items I didn't need, the place was pretty easy to find (corner of Eastern and Tropicana near the 99cent store), the prices are very affordable, and the quality of the work was well worth the money!
This is definitely going to be my shoe repair place from now on!

These guys are amazing.
I am so glad I stumbled up them a few years ago.
They have fixed zippers on my purses, heels on my shoes, luggage wheels, & stitched my boyfriends old wallet.
They can pretty much handle any job you can think of!
They are great guys, very kind, and offer reasonable prices.
Go small businesses!

These guys are fantastic!
Their prices are really reasonable, they have fixed many of my shoes beautifully, they don't take long to get them back, and they fixed shoes which I had been told by two other shoe repair places can't be fixed!
As a heel addict, it's really important to have a shoe repair shop that I trust and know will do a good job, B & L is totally that place for me!

These guys are life savers.
Jet blue busted the latches on my Hard Shell suitcase.
I took a cab from the hotel with only an hr of free time and they looked at it and fixed it on the spot.
I was in and out in 10 minutes.
The owner said "all set" and i asked him how much.
He said nothing, its covered under warranty..
I tried to give him money and he wouldnt take it.
He was awesome.
Life saver is more like it.
Thank you !!!!!
Great to find a trustworthy place in an unfamiliar place.

So glad I found these guys.
I was not willing to, throw out my dress shoes that were bought for me in 98` They fixed the heel, and re-glued them down.
What a difference!

Got my luggage off of the carousel to find the wheel was broken and that the airline wouldn't do anything about it so I went to these guys and had it replaced.
I actually asked them to go ahead and switch out the second wheel since that was starting to look suspicious and add a standup post that's been missing for a while, as well.
I asked for these extras -- no one tried to upsell me, which was a relief.
The price was amazing and I could have had it repaired the same day had I been in a hurry.
He even gave me a "loan" suitcase since all of my stuff was in the one that needed to be repaired -- how great is that?
Very impressed with these guys!

I was thrilled to find a good place to repair my business shoes on my last trip to Vegas.
My heel came off and as I travel light I wanted a good repair.
They did the repair while I waited, the price was reasonable and the results were great.
I was very happy.

Ok...
So i went there because the ratings, but  I really have to say, they didn't do really good job, I pay $40 and is not worth!!!
I'm really  disappoint""

Ladies, I have been bringing my shoes here for the past year!
I used to hold out and either 1) send the shoe back to my repair guy in Miami or 2) send them to the original manufacturer (depending on the brand).
Now, it's all B&L!
And they are ridiculous cheap.
I have brought many pairs of shoes here ranging from middle to high end designers and they consistently repair them back to new and charge me the same price for the same service, regardless of designer.
Other places will try to up-charge you based on the manufacturer of the shoe (see my review of Park Ave Cleaners and Shoe Repair on Rampart) but B&L keeps it real.
And for that, I am appreciative.

B & L Shoe and Luggage Repair is quietly providing skilled workmanship and solid customer service in this valley.
I had a piece of Delsey luggage that was in desperate need of repair or replacement.
I looked at the Delsey website and saw B & L was the only shop listed for the entire state of Nevada as a repair center.
I dropped my luggage with no expectation.
The piece was in exceptional shape, but it was a decade old and out of warranty.
But I figured it couldn't hurt to see what B & L would be able to do.
A representative called me a few days later informing me that Delsey would not  replace my beloved piece with a new piece of luggage.
That did not surprise me.
She then told me that she would be willing to exchange the piece for a different (use) piece that they had in the shop.
That did surprise me.
She said since they could use the parts of my damaged piece, they would be willing to keep it.
I exchanged my damaged piece for a sturdy (although not nearly as cute) used piece from a different Delsey collection.
After the exchange, I purchased an altogether different piece of luggage for a fair price.
Looking around the shop and talking with the clerk, I was impressed with the repair workmanship reflected in numerous shoes, purses and suitcases positioned around the shop.
After experiencing their professional and efficient customer service I will definitely be returning to B & L with my shoe and leather repairs.
I am very happy to have found this place.

I went to this place because of the yelp reviews and I was beyond disappointed.
They did a terrible job with the shoes I left and actually broke an expensive pair of shoes with a large crystal on the sandal.
The shoes were returned to me with a crack in the center of the crystal.
One of my pairs of shoes weren't ready when I picked them up and I actually left and never went back for them because I never want to go back.

After getting totally, unbelievably screwed at another Las Vegas shoe repair spot (*cough* If***inghateyouTheBestShoeRepair *cough*), I was really afraid to have my favorite Frye boots repaired.
This time, I did my research, and decided to try B & L.    It was a totally different experience!
The store is organized and neat.
The employees professional.
The work, amazing.
I had my boots re-soled and re-heeled all for $65.00.
A great price, in my opinion, to keep the favorite boots in working order.
They even dyed the soles black without charge.
Most of all, they didn't destroy my stuff, unlike The Best Shoe Repair (once again, die die die die, you are the worst).

This place rocks.
I found a couple of good leather shoes from Savers next door which I then brought here, and they did a fantastic job with them.
For the quality of service they do, the price is really reasonable.
Tips:  They also sell shoe cleaning supplies if you want to do this on your own.
They also work on bags, belts, and anything leather  Payment is required upfront (completely understandable for me)  They also sell cedar shoe trees.
I dont think they do custom made shoes.
Cons: If you come in and its busy, it may be quite a wait.
But the guy working is making sure he gets the details right, which is what I'd rather have him do anyways.

Price is right.
The guys really want to please and just be sure to be really specific about what you want and they will take care of it.
Nice job guys- thanks!

I was very happy with the speed, price and quality of the work done here.
I had some half soles and heels replaced on my leather dress shoes.
They work was really good.
The service was fast and convenient.
I will most likely bring any other repairs back to here, even though its not on an easy side of town for me to get to.

I called to find out how much to repair my luggage handle.
They me tell to bring it in.
In the store, they tell me $45 "if" they have a replacement handle in store.
But wouldn't check while I was there (I was the only customer with 2 guys behind the counter).
They told me to leave it over the weekend (not to fix it, just to tell me if they had the part) and tried selling me used, repaired luggage they had that was less quality but (surprise) only $45.
I'm not giving you my money if you don't give me my options.
Waste of time.

I had a pair of boots that needed repair.
I took it there to see if it could be repaired.
I was greeted when I entered the store (positive so far).
I showed him my boots and asked his honest opinion on where my boots can be salvaged.
In all honesty, he told me it would cost me $70 for the repairs, which could buy me new boots.
Considering boots are hard to find for me, I'll likely spend the money.
I like the fact they were honest..

