Pussykat Tattoo Parlor is a Vegas institution run by a Vegas institution.
Dirk Vermin, of the infamous local punk band The Vermin, runs this outfit and he does a helluva good job at it.
Long known as the best shop in town, once you see the work it's evident why.
Dirk's unarguably a freakin' amazing tattoo artist, and he hires only the best to work in his funky, immaculate shop.
The pride he takes in his shop and the work that comes out of it is palpable.
There's not much embellishment you can put on this place:  If you want a tattoo and you want it done right, go to Pussykat.
(If you want to see Dirk though, be prepared to wait.
He's often booked up a month or two in advance.
)  Remember, a Las Vegan isn't a Las Vegan until they've been inked with their $13 number 13 on Friday the 13th at Pussykat.
It's a rule.

Yeah, the art I see from this place is great but one of the tattoo artist was the type that gave tattoo artist a bad name.
I wanted to get my son's name tattooed on me and set up an appt with a deposit for Riley Baxter, for 600pm sometime last October.
I called at 530 pm and left a message that I would be late because I had a baby sitter issue.
What was I supposed to do, take my two month old to a tattoo shop for 4-6 hours?
Anyways, I dropped my son off and I I haven't heard back from Riley even after I called him a few times and text-ed.
I get to the shop by 615pm and wait a bit.
Finally I asked someone if Riley was going to be back and they said he wasn't.
He never returned my call or my deposit.
I asked another tattoo artist about what I can do and all she said was that I had to take it up with the artist.
He NEVER returned my call and I have BETTER things to do like take care of my son rather than chasing after some immature and unprofessional tattoo guy.
Don't leave a deposit.
Point blank.

These guys were so rude to me over the phone!
I talked with a guy who gave me the worst attitude...as if I was wasting his time.
Don't waste your time by going to this place!

Didn't even make it to the shop.
After talking to them over the phone and hearing the way they speak to their prospective clients I would never spend money there.
There are other places in town you can get great work done and not be treated like you're bothering them.

Pussykat Tattoo Parlor is one of the best tattoo shops in Las Vegas.
I have been getting tattooed by Dirk Vermin for over 10 yrs now.
It's a clean shop specializing in custom work.
No piercing or drug paraphernalia, just good ol' fashioned TATTOOS!
People always ask me where I get my work done and it's not surprising when they recognize the shop name or Dirk Vermin's name.
The work speaks for itself.
As previously noted if you plan on getting an appt with Dirk be prepared to wait but it's worth it.
If you don't care about getting a great custom tattoo then you can find other shops that will gladly take your money and do poor work.
I've always recommended people to check Pussykat Tattoo Parlor out.
I have many friends and some coworkers that have had the pleasure of getting tattoo work from Dirk or one of the other talented artists at the shop.

Pussykats has some of the best tattoo artists in Vegas.
They are consistently and meticulously clean and professional, and it's a plus to me that they don't do piercings or sell drug paraphernalia.
If that's what you're looking for, or you want a butterfly tramp stamp, go to Diversity or any of the thousands of other shops here.
But if you want top-notch custom tattooing, Pussykats is the only game in town.
It speaks volumes to me that the 3 negative reviews here are by 1) someone who canceled their appointment at the last minute then expected the artist to reschedule with them; and 2) 2 people who never got tattooed there.
Yes, these guys might be short with you on the phone.
That's because you're not talking to a receptionist; you're talking to one of the artists, and they want to get back to work.
Make an appointment, show up on time, and get tattooed by the best Vegas has to offer.
I've gotten 4 pieces by Dirk, and get compliments on them ALL THE TIME.

My friend and I decided to get tats on our most recent trip to Vegas.
We were recommended this place by a close friend.
This place was very clean.
We both got custom tattoos and love them.
As I read other reviews I kind of have to agree on the service, not rude but not very welcoming.
Why so serious?
Maybe they were trying to be professional but come on, I'm trusting you with needles and ink!!
Would  it kill you to try making me feel just a little comfortable?
I even tried joking with them but nada.
Needless to say it was awkward but whatever the guys did a great job and that's what matters.
Plus it was very reasonably priced.
P.S.
NO CREDIT CARDS!

Though it's been years (almost a decade) since I've gotten a tattoo, I got my last piece by Dirk- the owner/tattoo artist of this tattoo shop.
It was my divorce gift to myself.
I had just regained my independence from an abusive relationship to my previous husband.
(When I couldn't bring myself to get his name tattooed on my body, I knew it was over- he had just gotten my nick name on his arm in huge lettering and he wanted me to reciprocate.
) I was also a previous client here but with another artist (yup, he was a little rude, I can see why some customers would get turned off, as other reviewers mentioned)- two small characters on my right shoulder underneath my first one (got the one at a downtown tattoo shop, where bikers were the usual clientele).
I set the appointment up but something had happened- the appointment had to be changed, pushed back.
Dirk was very apologetic and knocked the price from $160 to $130 (I brought cash, plus I tipped).
The whole process took about 5 hours and 45 minutes total, on two occasions (yeah, it's big).
He was always checking to see if I was alright; we took breaks (I'm not gonna lie, it was so painful).
He was pretty laid back- likable, the sleeves would make him seem a little intimidating, at first glance.
I was pleased with the result.
It was a little funny that people kept popping their heads into the room, to see his work in progress, but I understood why.
I would suggest requesting Dirk since he's an excellent artist.
The tools are clean.
I would not trust going to a shop that offers $10.00 tattoos (like the ones in the downtown area).
Dirk's shop is all about the tiki's- he's a collector; the vibe is "eclectic cool".

DO NOT GO HERE!
You'd be better off going somewhere that will respect your art work decisions and not rush to get you out, and be a complete douche bag.
Plus the ink didnt even stick to my skin - none of the TWO times I went here!

Just back from a trip to Vegas for a milestone birthday!
I have wanted a tattoo for 10 years and finally decided I would get one while on vacation.
I looked at the yelp reviews and had pretty much settled on Atomic tatttoo.
But while out there I spoke to a few people and the one that finally sold me was the young lady who works at the discount tix place in the fashion mall,  Anyway, I called there twice and both times the person who answered the phone was nice and very helpful.
They don't have a receptionist as mentioned so yes you are talking to the artists.
They only had one opening on Sunday (appointments only) and because it was close to the time we were going to dinner, he did ask all the other artists if they had an opening.
They didn't so he booked me the one appointment that was open.
I have to say that I have a pretty low tolerance for things.
Novacaine always wears off me etc so I was pretty apprehensive about getting a tattoo.
I bit the bullet and I am so glad I did.
Josh did a great job and the outline part didn't bother me much, the fill in was more painful for me, but when he would stop to refill there was no pain.
My only suggestion would be for them to have printed instructions as I know I was so excited I was glad my husband was there to tell me about the after care of the tattoo that Josh told me about.
Josh said to call anytime if I had any questions etc.
I thought the price was reasonable and I would highly recommend Pussykat to anyone thinking of getting a tattoo.

I can't give it all 5 because I haven't gotten inked there yet, but my first encounter was pretty damn good.
I was accompanying my friend for moral support on some fill work for her tattoo.
I'd never been so I got there early, before my friend, and was able to chat a little with some of the artists.
Chill guys and so obviously artists.
The shop is impressive, the kind of place you could hang out in for hours.
Everyone was friendly and responded well to any tattoo related questions I had.
Every artist has their own private space and they keep the area immaculate while still being able to personalize their area.
I prefer their setup over the assembly line look of most other shops in town.
Getting a tattoo is a very personal experience and shouldn't be on display for the looky-loos to see.
Dirk (the owner) is serious about maintaining good standing with his customers, so I don't understand how people still manage to have issues.
Every artist there sets their own rates and has their own preferred style, so do your research to find the right one for the job.
Don't expect any tattoo artist to hold your hand.
These guys are not assholes, they're artists, and they deal in an industry where they encounter ignorance constantly.
If you want a tattoo, use Google first.
RESEARCH!
Find out what is involved in tattooing, what inks will last, how they keep things sanitary, have an idea of what you want to get; go to the shop, get a tour, ask about procedures, cost, etc.
; talk to the artists, find out their background, what their inking style is, get a feel for their personality; don't walk in there blindly and expect an awesome tattoo experience in the same visit.
That is a very rare case indeed.
I intend to use the same artist as my friend for a huge back piece.
Once I get through the first sitting, I'll post another review, but I'm sure it'll be awesome because I'll make it awesome.
Always remember, you get what you pay for!

I love this place.
The owner Dirk is awesome, I interviewed him when I was 16 and he was super nice.
Once I was of age I went there to get a tattoo.
I go to Brett, and he's done nothing short of amazing work.
I get tons of complements.
The pricing is really fair.
My shoulder is covered for $250, my foot is covered for $80 and my ribs were only $300, and I have big tattoos.
And touch-ups are free (not that I've needed any).
Yes, they may not treat you like kings and queens, but it's a tattoo shop, do you really expect that?!
And i think they may be a little picky on their clients, but that says they are good enough to pick and choose.
I wouldn't recommend anywhere else.

I go to John Bates..
I've followed him here and have been going to him for years..
He looks mean but he's a nice guy lol.. and his work is amazing!!!!
He turns your ideas into the most amazing work..
I can't speak for the other guys, I dont know them but John is the business...
I send all my friends and family to see him.. and he is fair with his prices..

Best Tattoo Parlor EVER!!
Got my 1st tat here, great experience thanks 2 Josh!!!
Will def recommend and go back!

If you're looking for cover up or portrait work, Dirk Vermin is the man.

Great shop ,great artists,good prices I'll go back for more for sure!!!

Absolutely the best Tattoo joint in Vegas!
You just can't go wrong at Pussykat.
I have been getting tattooed there for 14 years, and most of my friends have by now as well.
The ambiance is OLD SCHOOL Vegas, there is no piercing stations or drug paraphernalia in sight, the walls are covered with art and flash and photos, and the owner Dirk Vermin is an outstanding artist with more talent is his little finger than many tattoo artists have in their whole being.
The place is clean and there are no thugs lurking about.
It is tough to get in sometimes and you need an appointment, but it is WORTH IT.
It just  doesn't get any better than this for tattoos in Vegas, period.

A clean shop.
My friend and I both got tattoos here hers turned out great!
Mine did not :( I thought it was fine until I noticed the needle had cut me in a couple of places.
I should have left it only black ink, I was happy with the black.
The color ruined it.
SO YAY!
I get to get a cover up...

Had Brett R. design and tattoo a half sleeve.
Price was right, work (I have a bunch) was great.
Very talented.
Cool setup, busy, I would say its probably one of the better places in Vegas (been to 5 othe3r places).

Went here to see dirk after being referred by a friend.
I was looking to get some symbols on my wrist.
Dirk couldn't be bothered with such a small tattoo and informed me that he is so good he has a 500 dollar minimum.
He suggested I see another of his artist don't recall his name but he didn't Like my ideas ( tributes to my children) especially the one I wanted in rainbow colors for my gay son, he suggest I get something other than a rainbow colors.
I was simply trying to feel out the shop.
Needless to say I got a pretty bad feeling from them.
I ended up going somewhere else I was made to feel welcome and ended up getting about 26 hours of work on my stomach ( spent about 1000.00 dollars including tips) to honor my children and equal love on my finger in support of my gay son.
This shop is unfriendly and just a little to full of themselves.

I have been to this shop a few times and had a few tattoos done by one artist.
My most recent visit was not that great compared to other visits, especially since my tattoo was messed up.
I specifically brought in my own art and had it colored exactly to my liking and the coloring was done in places that it shouldn't had been:( was super disappointed, after all it is permanent.
I know i will not be returning for any future work.
Major let down in the worse way possible.

Went to pussykat tattoo parlor after being referred from a coworker and the service was horrible.
Soon as I walked in I looked for some art work on the walls or even some portfolios and there was nothing.
I waited about 15 mins in the lounge until some body finally came out to "greet" me.
One artist knew i was there cause he saw me and walked away.
So when the guy came out to see what I wanted he couldn't be ruder.
I told him what I wanted and it seemed like he had no interest what so ever.
He stopped talking to me to talk to a friend about a personal stuff for bout 5 mins.
Did not offer a card or even a portfolio for me to view.
I guess the work i wanted was not worth his time.
For being a popular shop they should act professional and follow there own rules they have posted in the shop.
I have never had such poor costumer service at a shop before.
I understand now why they have such poor reviews.
DO NOT GO HERE!.

The best tat shop in Vegas.
Dirk is the man.
They are not the cheapest, but we'll worth the wait and the time........

Started another tattoo today and WOW I still can't get over how good of an experience this was.
I can't speak highly enough about Rogerio Silva.
Stellar tattoo artist - easy to talk to, gives his honest opinion about your ideas (as to what works and what doesn't) and patient.
Everything is relaxed and not rushed (as it should be in selecting and getting a tattoo).
Each artist has a sample book of their tattoos so just ask and you can look through it.
Friendly staff and customers in all day long - especially since the TV show started - but a simple and pure tattoo parlor.
What price you pay varies but I have to say you will not find a cheap crappy tattoo here.
Thank you Rogerio!

My husband made an appointment with Riley months ago, to get a tattoo during our vacation in Vegas.
I decided last minute to ask if another artist happened to be available for me.
Luckily, John B's appointment was a no show.
I told him I wanted something abstract to represent the sculpture "Venus of Willendorf.
" He pulled up some Google images on his phone, I picked one, and he did the tattoo as a portrait (after discussing it with me), far exceeding my expectations!
John was friendly and we had a great time as he did my tattoo.
Clean, informative, and answered all my questions.
He was excited to do a tattoo he hadn't done before, and I think that might be the key at this parlor - they'll do the same old, same old flowers and birds, but the experience is really great if you have a unique idea.
While we were there, we met Dirk briefly and a few others who work there (there's a friendly woman there whose name I didn't catch; she and I talked about the Erotic Heritage Museum for a bit).
Everyone was friendly and professional.
My husband was happy with his tattoo, too.
Prices seemed reasonable to us.
We're from the Delaware/Philly area and based our expectations on the prices in our area.
I later realized that we never signed any waivers prior to tattooing, which was unusual.
Despite my luck that John had an opening, reservations are usually necessary.
You can see some of John's work on his Instagram account, @tattooerjohnbates.

I just got off the phone with Dirk and he is such a doll.
I left him a voice message yesterday in the general voice mailbox at his parlor and he called me back the next day.
It is an understatement to say I was shocked to receive a personal voice message from him or even a ring back.
He was so sweet and let me know his availability.
I'm looking forward to getting ink from him in the near future.

My husband went in and talk to Dirk , I made an appointment a month in advance to get some cover up work done on my wrist, and another tattoo on my other wrist.
The morning that I was  suppose to go in , my daughter got strep throat , my appointment was at 10am and I called at 8:30 am and 9:00 am and left 2 message's.
with my cell phone number.
Almost 2 month's later and I still HAVE NOT gotten a phone call back.
And the money I had saved to get it done , had to be spent on bills.
I am HUGLEY disappointed.
I WAS a fan of the show , and now I have no interest.

REY J IS MY GO TO GUY IN VEGAS!
He would be my go to for every tattoo if I could afford the trip out there!
Rey J has always delivered amazing work.
I give him an idea of what I want done and ask him for his input on what I should or shouldn't do after that it's a wrap!!
I have had done 3 pieces done from him and plan to have more.
Everyone always compliments the work I have had done by him!
And for that I THANK YOU REY J!
See you soon Buddy!
As for anyone reading this I highly recommend Rey J.
(his handwriting is off the charts)

Definitely a real tattoo shop.
No piercings or smoke shop here.
I did not expect this place to be a social club.
It is in my opinion, this is where you go to get a tattoo in Vegas.
Originally recommended by the Vegas Harley Dealership, my first time there I was very nervous.
It was my second tattoo.
The artist was kind, but again, not overly sensitive.
I did not pass out and have return several times for more and more intricate artwork.
Some of them were my ideas and some were solely the design work of the artist.
I have used the same artist since I started going, Rey J.
Will not get ink from anyone else.
Although all of the artists there are very talented.
Don't miss out on getting a great tattoo.

Best tattoo artist in Las Vegas as for "Roger" Best full sleeve, full body tattoo artist hands down!!!!!
Yes he can even do your little stars and butterflies ladies and make them look original........ To who watches that ridiculous tv show that in No!!!!!!
Way is what Roger is all about!!!
He is a true tattoo artist at heart and it comes out in his work!!!!!

This place is a fucking joke..rude ass service I dontt know how you guys stay in bussiness..roger is really rude could got alotta work from me..

Nice shop and really good artist , excellent cover-up work  I Riley Baxter he's Awesome  But really all of the guys do really good work !!
You do have to book in advance though they are very very busy  Best shop in Vegas , hands down

Dirk is amazing!
Did a fantastic cover up for my husband.
I also got a small cover up by another artist who was very good and very kind.
The place is fun with all sorts of stuff to look at.
Clean, friendly, awesome!
Dirk is an amazing artist and a great guy!!

