I am not a fan of Olive Garden chain restaurants but I would have to say that the meal we had yesterday was pretty good.
I had the Fettuccine Alfredo and it was superb.
The sauce was not too strong and had the right amount of consistency.
The service was spot on.
all the dishes that we ordered were tasty.
We had ten people and our bill came up to $169 and that was including the tip.
Pretty good deal for a family meal.
The all you can eat salad, soup and breadsticks were awesome.
I was not disappointed.

We stopped in from a long drive from phoenix from some lunch when we got into town.
The service was good.
but the food tasted like crap.
the sauce was watered down.
After we all checked into our hotel all four of us were sick to our stomach.

OK.
So we don't have an Olive Garden in Hawaii.
You know how much I hate their commercials?
They mock me!!!
Therefore, when I was offered a chance to hit Olive Garden in Vegas I was in!
All you can eat soup and breadsticks?
No lie!
Also, the service was excellent!
Our waitress was very patient and gave great suggestions for dinner.
So nice :)  My company mentioned that other Olive Gardens that they've visited were not as good.
I was pleased with this one.
We all stuck with the pasta and didn't go wrong there.
I'm planning on heading back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Hopefully I'll be super hungry and can get seconds on soup and breadsticks!!

I've been to Olive Garden before but not this location.
The night started out on a bad note when another customer outside the restaurant got a little irritated with my husband for walking between her and her group.
She gets one star and a Quick Tip: Don't block the walkway beyatch!!
Moving on to the actual restaurant: They have the best minestrone and breadsticks!!
I could have filled up on those alone but I forced myself to save room for Seafood Alfredo.
My dish was good although I like my shrimp and scallops a little bigger.
Our server seemed a little overwhelmed, as she was obviously rushing.
Overall, a pretty good experience.
The soup and breadsticks will always bring me back!

Lil Man and I went there yesterday to celebrate a friend's birthday.
There were suppose to be about 10 of us, but ended up being only 5.
Lil Man, my friend, the birthday gal and her son, and me.
Here is what we all ordered:  D = Stuffed Chicken Marsala (Oven-roasted chicken breast stuffed with Italian cheeses and sun-dried tomatoes, topped with mushrooms and a creamy marsala sauce.
Served with garlic parmesan mashed potatoes.
(Suggested wine: Secco-Bertani Valpolicella)... instead she had two Strawberry Margarita with Sugar around the rim of the glass.
V = Seafood Alfredo (Sautéed shrimp and scallops tossed with creamy fettuccine alfredo.
) Served with her plate, she had a Strawberry-Mango Limonata.
A = (kid) Italian Cheese Pizza topped off with mushrooms.
Served with his pizza, he had a few glasses of rasberry lemonade.
M = (my son) = (Grilled Chicken with Pasta) - Grilled chicken breast with sides of steamed broccoli and spaghetti with tomato sauce.
Served with his meal, he had a glass of sprite and a glass of rasberry lemonade.
Me = Capellini di Mare.
(Shrimp, clams and mussels sautéed in white wine, garlic and a zesty marinara sauce.
Served over capellini and topped with fresh basil.
) Suggested wine: Sutter Home White Zinfandel....
Instead I had a sprite and strawberry margarita with salt around the rim.
As a appetizer, we had bread and salad.
For dessert, the waiter, Mario.... forgot his name tag, therefore, his boss gave him one with the name of Buddy... Brought out a birthday cake that was awesome for the birthday gal.
The cake was awesome.
Check out the pic.
We all had a blast because we were filled with laughter, chatter, great food, and a great waiter.

We were trying to get out of Vegas at 9 pm, and they still made us wait for more than half an hour for our food -- and all I was ordering was soup and salad!
Since both are pre-made, I don't get that.
That said, once we complained to the manager, things sped up, and it certainly wasn't the poor, overworked waiter's fault.
My wife thought the spaghetti smelled funny so she only ate a little bit.
On the way back home, we were listening to a James Patterson audio book in which the protagonist (swear to God!
) compared a prostitute to Olive Garden "you would never mistake it for a home-cooked meal.
" Talk about synchronicity!
Here's the link: http://books.google.com/books?id=WeKvtiwft_MC&lpg=PA24&ots=DXWN2OtKUy&dq=james%20patterson%20don't%20blink%20olive%20gardens&pg=PA24#v=onepage&q=Olive%20Garden&f=false

Got really great service (a woman named Chris was serving us) and the food was awesome.
All the other employees were equally cheerful and happy to serve us.
we left with a full belly and a smile on our faces :) perfect dinner.

This was my second time at an Olive Garden and this time was so much better even though my last visit couldn't be considered bad.
We had a party of 8 and were seated after almost no waiting.
We were given the family room which gave us more of an intimate private experience.
Our server was really patient with us as they introduced us to their wines, allowing us to sample a few.
The food was super filling and delicious even though I honestly didn't care too much for my chicken Marsala.
The soup we got was never-ending and they were more than happy to give us our refills.
They offered us 2 sauces for our breadsticks but offered to take it off our check when we told them we didn't know that they weren't complimentary and we didn't care much for it.
All in all, I think my friends would agree with me when I say that we had a great experience at olive garden.

Was quite amazed that on a Friday night our receptionist told us the wait was about 10 minutes.
Ten minutes later we were being seated at our table.
Nice!
After that it kind of went downhill.
Took about 5 minutes for a waiter to get our drink order.
He also took our meal order at the same time.
We all were having the great $8.95 endless pasta.
Now if you have been to O.G.
you know they have great soup, salad.
and breadsticks.
We were very hungry and it took 10 minutes to get the soups,salad, and the breadsticks.
The salad was way over dressed to the point it was soggy.
The breadsticks were semi-hard.
I don't know how that's possible when it's so busy in there, but what do I know?
Anyways, we had our soups, and salad for about 3 minutes and the waiter brings out our pasta!
Now the table is so overcrowed with dishes it's hard to eat.
Now that was the bad.
The good......well it's O.G.
The pasta was on point.
It was served hot and it was good!
The great thing that our waiter did was to grind the cheese that they usually grind over the salad,soup,and pasta onto a plate.
What can I say, I LOVE cheese and I had more than enough!
I usually ask the waiter to grind cheese onto my pasta until his arm hurts.
LOL.
Well this new way I got to put as much(maybe more) cheese on my food.
Great move!

I am a fan of ALL Olive Gardens...
I love this restaurant.
So, if you are ever in Vegas and you don't want to pay for the expensive buffets or overpriced food on the strip..... yes, even McDonald's is overpriced people.
Drive down to this Olive Garden: Patricia was the hostess and she was a great greeter; she sat us down pretty fast.
Nicole was our waitress and she was cool too.
P.S.
I love the coffee here!

Chianti Braised Short Ribs!!!
Second time having this for dinner, my favorite!
Service was good as usual.
They gotta open one of these in Hawaii!

I really love the salad, dipping my breadsticks in ranch, and the peach iced tea

First time at an Olive Garden, and I must say it was FANTASTIC.
From the bread sticks to the entree, the price, and the service - everything was really great.
I am definitely coming back my next visit to Vegas.
This location is right down Flamingo, catch a cab from the Strip and you will get there in about 5-10 minutes.
The food was really good.
I had the Grilled Shrimp Caprese on angel hair pasta, but started with the Spinach-Artichoke dip (WAY better than CPK), Chicken & Gnocchi soup (fantastic).
The bread sticks were fresh out of the oven, perfectly warm and buttery.
I had bites of my BF's salad and it was OK.  Service was awesome.
The waitress was really friendly, she didn't pressure us when we needed more time, was very attentive and made sure our glass was always filled.
She came by often to check up on our meal, and everything came in a timely manner.
I can tell that they have happy workers there because in the background a lot of the waitresses were really enjoying themselves - everyone seemed really friendly.
The hostess was kind to call us a cab, and while we waited in the front for our cab, any worker who passed by talked story with us.
Everyone was great.

A chain restaurant???
I know, but since this one only has 16 reviews, I thought I'd help out.
It's an Olive Garden, if you've never been to one, you'll like it.
The food and menu is the same as any other Olive Garden.
Good unlimited bread sticks and salad.
I really do like the salad dressing here.
Best deal is the unlimited pasta bowl.
Good selection of different pastas and sauces and proteins.
But really, how much pasta can you possibly eat.
If you get past the initial serving you're doing better than me!
But for $9 and it comes with the unlimited and bread sticks!
Great value!
It's also a nice change from eating in all the casinos.
If you're in the area, and you're sick of the casinos...come here!

Olive Garden is always awesome!
To bad there's not one in Hawaii!

I know that the Olive Garden is not real Italian food, but every once in a while the breadsticks and salad of the Olive Garden strike a craving in me.
Dad and I decided to head down for lunch, and it wound up being a mistake.
The restaurant was surprisingly uncrowded so we had a seat right away.
The waiter came up after a few minutes and asked us for our drink order.
He offered us an option to purchase wine, and when we both asked for water, his completely friendly demeanor vanished...as did he!
He came back with our water and breadsticks, took our food order, and we only saw him one time again before he brought the check.
Another waitress brough the soup and salad.
The soup, Minestrone, was not too great...Campbell's would have been better.
The salad was excellent as usual, though.
We ran out of breadsticks pretty quick as we waited for our entrees, which was a LONG wait.
We managed to catch our waiter one time and asked for more breadsticks...and he brought us a basket containing TWO breadsticks and dissapeared again.
The waitress brought out Chicken Parmesan for me, and Spaghetti with Meat Sauce for dad.
My Chicken Parmesan was pretty terrible...and came with a side of approximately 20 rigatoni noodles.
There were so few it was possible to easily count them!
Dad said the Spaghetti was nothing to write home about either.
The waiter re-appeared with our check sometime after the meal, and he was suddenly friendly with us again.
It really didn't help his cause, he still got a crappy tip for crappy service.
All in all, I believe that taking a trip to any number of Las Vegas' local-bred Italian restaurants is a better investment if you're looking for some good Italian food.
If you're hankering THAT much to go to a chain restaurant, Carrabba's and even Fazoli's can provide you with better fare than this place.

Every time I go to Vegas I must come to Olive Garden!
We went for a late lunch this past Sunday ( 3pm ) and I was surprised to see that they were busy.
I had the spaghetti with Italian sausage and of course we had to have those little donuts with the chocolate sauce!
Yummy.
We had a very funny waitress.
My only complaint is that we don't have an Olive Garden in Hawaii, not fair!!!
can't wait till we go back.

Went for a family dinner out!!!
We had three little ones.
It took a while to be seated and it was a Sunday night.
But with that being said the food was good, service was good but the company was Awesome.
The price incredible.
Reasonable wow!
PS the kids were so well behaved!!

This was NOT my first time at this location.
I actually frequent this location pretty often.
However, I guess the world wanted me to hold out on writing a review for it until this very night.
I kept telling myself to write the review after each time, but ended up writing about something else.
BUT, now I can write a review for this location of the famous Olive Garden chain everyone knows so much about, at least I am assuming.
This was the first time I went with a 10 grouper.
Usually its the casual date where the guy just loves Olive Garden that much or family and friend outings.
However, this time I was with an organization who have end of the year dinners.
(Year, meaning, school year, UNLV).
In the past I have had good service.
I never had issues, everything is always good.
At least everything I choose...  Well this time, they had two people from the wait staff(gender neutral is happening) and they both were just really rushed for some reason.
The gentlemen on my side of the table was nice and suggested all these things, but would not let me get my word for the longest time.
He just kept going like the energizer bunny.
That was just my drink order!
Which I had some pomegranate drink which was fantastic, but then came the meal and at first I did not know what I want when he got to me, then I decided, however I took too long apparently because he skipped me... thank buddy.
Now I have to wait for you to go all the way around because you could not wait five more seconds more me to find what it is I really wanted.
Back to me, OK cool, so I ordered and then he went to grab the menus and caught his arm on my friends drink across the way.
You expect the usual spillage of ice and drink all over the table sometimes your lap... but no.
Not this time.
What you do not expect is to be hit directly in the forehead with an ice cube... (ya you ponder how that happened because I have no clue).
I have some type of beverage on my arm, little on the pants, but I am still astonished about the ice cube that hit my head.
New restaurant experience to add to the books?
I think yes.
He did not even apologize to me, only to the person whose drink it belonged to.
He just kept on rushing....
It may be a Friday night, but still.
Other than that, my experiences have been good.
Great food, great drinks, wine, sangria's, the works.
Did not like their restrooms, they are shaped so awkwardly...but that is just me.
Ok rant complete.
Maybe an update down the road will help them get to a 4 star... to be continued...?

By far the best olive garden I've been to.
The staff is so friendly it's kinda unbelievable and a BIG thumbs up to KRISTY IN PARTICULAR she was AMAZING.
And the 2 for 25 is an awesome deal that should be considered regularly menu deal.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!

After Restaurant Week, my stomach was craving something simple.
No more three to four course meals.
No more fine dining atmosphere.
No more elaborate restaurant hoping.
All I wanted was the neverending soup, salad, and breadsticks.
When my friend and I got off of work, we booked it to the OG to get our fix.
For less than $8, we could have ate til our hearts content.
Our server, Ray, was attentive with drink refills, soup swaps, and salad changes.
After two soups and a salad each, we called it quits.
Even if we had not, Ray would have kept it coming.

I went to this restaurant for my mother in Laws Birthday.
We waited to get a table for about 45 minutes.
The service was quick but.. the food tasted like it had sit out too long.
I ordered the salad and bread sticks,and a chicken fettachini alfredo and I was not happy with the quality of the food especially the noodles, I think the fettachinii alfredo in the box turns out better then what I recieve and to top it off my husband threw up in he parking lot.
It was way over priced for the quality, and the only reason I gave it a two is because the waiter was soo friendly.
meh I am a sucker for customer service even if the quality of the food is gross.

I haven't been to an Olive Garden since I moved to Las Vegas from a desert town in California and decided to minor in Italian Studies.
I'm not a snob, but Vegas has so many amazing Italian restaurants that my professors recommended.
Olive Garden just wasn't on my list.
So it's been ten years since I went to an Olive Garden.
A few months ago my kind mother gave me an Olive Garden giftcard.
My husband and I put off going there until yesterday, when I heard about a buy an entree and get one to take home deal.
So off we went.
First of all, we were shocked by the portions.
We were pretty much satiated on a few breadsticks and the soup.
Then the enormous portions came around.
The food itself was decent, and they had a few vegetarian options.
I had the cheese ziti, and my husband had the seafood brodetto.
The service wasn't bad, although they were busy so it was a bit of a wait for seeing our waitress.
She did an admirable job keeping our glasses and breadstick basket full.
So if you're looking for large quantities of food that's predictable in quality, go here.
If you are craving local Italian food check out String's or Nora's.

If you know me, you would know that I'm not a real big fan of Italian food, let alone an Italian chain restaurant.
Pasta to me is just not ranked up as one top food choices.
Being an avid Yelper, I'm always willing to try new things and spend money to get the opportunity to continue one of my favorite hobbies.
With that being said, I decided to meet a few great friends for dinner one night at the big OG.
Apparently they LOVE OG, but I didn't see eye to eye with that view, however, I was willing to go and keep an open mind.
What I do appreciate about all OGs is the home feel you get when you walk in the restaurant.
It's super cozy and is filled with warm colors.
What I don't like are the wheels on the chairs.
What is up with that?!
Omg, that NEEDS to go.
It's convenient, true, but so cheap to me (sorry OG).
Our server was nice and entertaining, talking to us in an Italian accent at times, but took a long time to get his attention when we wanted to order our meals and also when we needed a refill on our drinks.
For dinner, I got that stuffed chicken Marsala for $17.50, obviously because there wasn't any pasta.
This dish contains oven-roasted chicken breasts stuffed with Italian cheeses and sun-dried tomatoes, topped with mushrooms and a creamy marsala sauce.
Served with garlic parmesan mashed potatoes.
The great thing about the OG is that they shave extra cheese on your command.
The meal also includes unlimited soup or salad.
I chose the seasonal soup, but couldn't tell you what it was.
It was alright, definitely better with the cheese they shave.
The chicken breast was nicely cooked but the stuffing wasn't really a knockout for me.
The cheeses were lukewarm so it was more of a chunky than oozing and I didn't taste the tomatoes as much.
Although I'm not a big fan of mashed potatoes, I did like these ones.
Lastly, the Marsala sauce wasn't prominent so some bites seemed dryer than others (if that makes sense).
All in all, I thought it was just ok.
Seems to be consistent with every visit I have at the OG.
I think it's a good venue for great company (like the ones I had that night).
I wouldn't necessarily bring a date here but I would revisit the OG if my friends were up for it.
Definitely should try it for yourself, maybe the experience might be better!

If you are on a diet this is the place to go, we felt as if we were on a salad, soup and breadstick restriction.
By the time our second soup refill made it to our table, which would have been still the first on the GV OG location, we were looking to getting out of there.
Avoid the place.

Been here on my last two trips to Vegas.
AWESOME customer service and above average food, the four stars are for their great service.

Oh how I have been craving soup and salad!
I finally got the chance to go and if it weren't for people waiting on me, I could have been there for hours eating the unlimited soup and salad for only $8!!!!
The service was great, a busy lunch time hour so we were waiting a little longer then usual, but the manager came around and helped our waitress which sped things along.
I know that they don't bring an overflowing bowl of salad just in case we wont eat it, but they bring only enough for a few scoops and they need to start adding more in that bowl, I hate asking 5 times for more salad!
Service was pleasant and the facilities were nice and clean!
Only complaint, what happened to the chocolate mints they used to hand out!!!?
We didn't get one and I was so sad!

o far the server is very rude.
Tables were dirty and busser never came to clean them.
Ordered the soup and salad and soup they had.
I believe the comment was,the same four we always have.
Wow.
We sat at the bar and our "server" was named Jesse.
Walked up to the person next to both of us asked them how they were and continued to walk past us.
I really don't understand why be in   the service industry if you hate the public.
Hope it can be chalked up to a bad day.
Too bad because love its close to my house.
I said I wouln't come back again bc this lady just treated us so badly, but I gave it another shot.
the food was just as good as always and so was the company.
Our service was ok,, but I think this location could learn a thing or 2 about service and should take a refresher course.

The BEST Olive Garden I have ever visited... hands down.
What made my experience here so amazing was the quality of service from every single member of the staff, from manager to busperson.
The waiter assigned to our table was great, but I was impressed with the fact that any time they were in the area, other waitstaff came to check on us regularly.
Everyone provided phenomenal service including suggesting menu items, ensuring our drinks were always full, etc..
I have been to Olive Garden Restaurants across the country and have never had a service experience this phenomenal.
It was so good that I left about a 50% tip!
I highly recommend this location and will be returning!

Yum yum this place is so good!
I've been here so many time and I loves wry thin I've ever gotten.
I'm getting hungry thinking about it.
First of all their soups are soooo delicious!!
I wish I had a giant tub if them.
Everyone is crazy about the breadsticks but I'm not a huge fan.
They are good but not that great.
I also never eat them because I don't want it to fill me up.
I want to eat my food!
Dishes I have tried:  Chicken and shrimp carbonara- my favorite plate of them all!
It's sooooo good.
Plus I love when they have chicken AND shrimp.
I love it with Tabasco.
Is is also my dads favorite plate and the waiters always say how good it is and some have said it was their personal favorite.
Lasagna fritta- an appetizer and the only one ive had.
It was very yummy.
Not a top favorite but it was good.
Chicken & Gnocchi- yum yum!!
This I the super delicious creamy soup.
It's so absolutely delicious.
Zuppa Toscana- my favorite soup and also most people's favorite.
It's creamy with spicy sausage.
This is heavenly I'd eat this every day if I could.
Minestrone- this soup Is easily the worst thing I've had in the entire menu.
It's not terrible but it's eh.
Salad- their salad is pretty good but I'm not sure why anyone would be the salad over the heavenly soups.
Spaghetti with Meat Sauce- I didn't order this for myself but I got it.
It's good.
Actually very good but idk why you would get this when there are so many better dishes.
It's just plain spaghetti and sauce you could make at home.
Fettuccine Alfredo- their Alfredo sauce is soooo good.
But like the one above this is pretty plain and you could easily make this at home.
Chicken Parmigiana- yum yum!
This is super good.
Not on my top favorite but it is good.
Tour of Italy- this is what my mom always gets.
Really good.
You get 3 different things in one plate.
Stuffed Chicken Marsala- on my too 5.
I'm drooling thinking about it.
It's so delicious.
The thing i don't like is that it comes with mashed potatoes.
I would like it a lot more if it came with pasta.
Crispy Parmesan Shrimp- this is yummy.
Very very yummy but I kinda feel like its an appetizer more than a dinner dish.
Sea food Alfredo- yum!!
I want some right now.
It's super delicious!
I never really order it since its easy to make at home but it's really good.
Tour di Mare- like the tour of Italy but in sea food.
I loved it.
A lot.
But I almost ate the entire thing and I don't eat a lot.
When I eat tour of Italy I leave almost half the plate.
It's not much but it really is good.
Steak Gorgonzola-Alfredo- it was super good but it didn't have much meat.
I finished the meat super quick.
It still one of my favorite places an i would like to try everything on the menu!

We came here because we had a gift card to use and we don't have an Olive Garden where we live, so we thought, "why not?
"   It was packed, but we still got in within 10 minutes or so.
Our waitress was nice, a little frazzled with the crowds, but still nice.
I needed a gluten-free meal, and they were out of the gluten free penne noodles, which was a bummer.
Instead, I got the steak and chicken skewers with veggies, and the meat was ok, but the veggies were soggy.
My husband got the portabello mushroom ravioli and liked it.
Our drinks were kept filled, and our check came out on time too, but with no andes mints :( We were bummed about that.
Overall, its a typical Olive Garden!
They are pretty consistant throughout the country.

I had the moscato peach chicken and it was pretty excellent!
I always come in the early afternoon on Sundays, when it's not too busy!
I love the service here though, the people are always so nice to me even when the wait is too long.
Try their signature wines if you're old enough--they are crisp, fresh and tasty.

Whenever I'm on the mainland (coming from Hawaii) I always go to an Olive Garden.
We arrived, sat, and then a REALLY LOUD annoying couple with a SCREAMING child was seated behind us.
We mentioned it to the waitress, and were immediately reseated in the "outside" area by ourselves, and the food was amazing, as usual.
Best customer service ever.
Manager came and talked to us as well as the waitress checking on us to make sure all was well.
Food was good, as always.
Would definitely return to this location over all the others in Vegas.

Great service and food.
We had the 2-for-$25 special and loved it.

food, drinks and service here is always great, whether we are sitting at the bar, near the bar or out in the dining room!
very consistent, which I love!
but tonight, Ryan stuck out.. in a good way.
we were all very impressed.
thank u Ryan, for being the face of our amazing experience :)

I love Italian food , and this hit the spot .
However it definitely lacked in service .
Our waitress was very inattentive and food came out real slow .
Took about 2 hours for us to complete our meal and there were four of us, which was the effect of the slow service.
Although they were quite slow, the servers were nice and friendly.
It wasn't too busy and I would highly recommend them to buy some new chairs cause they just look so nasty.
The only thing that is saving the interior is the walls.
Overall , the price for the quality and quantity was well worth it.
We ordered two of the $25 deals for two entrees , unlimited salad or soup and a dessert .
Every thing we had was delicious!
And we got full even before the entrees came out .

Amazing service and very friendly staff!
I absolutely love eating at Olive Gardens, and this location was perfect!
Delicious breadsticks and amazing salad!
The Chicken Alfredo was so delicious!
It was a very big helping for $17!
I'm satisfied.

This OG location was really bad with their service, we never got our food, because we left.
I never do that, but this place did it for me.
the waitress kept saying that the food was coming but after 30 minutes, we decided to leave because she wasn't  going to return until our food was ready to serve.. the manager's excuse was that all food was  going to a large party on the other side of the house.. we didn't have to pay for our drinks or the dough soup we ate, which kind of made me happy :) haha...
I love Olive garden but this one sucked.

Olive Garden is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.
When you come into the restaurant, they hold the door for you which is very nice.
On a usual Friday night the wait is about 15 minutes which is not bad.
The waiters are very helpful.
The food is fantastic.
You feel very Italian when you taste the food.
Portions are more than enough to fill you up.
The appetizers alone make you full!
Every time I've went there, I've always had to take home which is not a bad thing.
So when you feel Italian, come to Olive Garden.
Oh, and come hungry!

I'd hate to give one star but this location deserves it (sorry but true).
We came in at 9pm, got our drinks 7 mins after ordering, after ordering our food, new server forgot about our appetizer (that part we understand, people make mistakes) we had two servers, the new girl was alright, but the other one needed to lighten up!
I get that they had to be so excited about the weekend but at least be more accomodating.
Server then again forgot about our soup and one entree.
Understoon people make mistakes.
But still needed to kighten up!!!
My mom did not like the chicken apricot AT ALL!!!
told the server and she agreed to take a diff order (chicken marsala)..the server told my mom it would take about 15 mins....but the heck?
She got it 2 mins later with the main manager apologizing....that was unbelievably fast considering we all waited almost 30 MINS for our order!!!!
I knew we should have gone to cheesecake factory!!!
We didnt comment or complain because we ddnt want anyone to lose their job...just heads up guys!
Im not sure about the reviews saying how"GREAT" their food is because my WHOLE family ended up taking home all of own ordered food becausw it was just not good!

The waiter at this place doesn't know the difference between a green tossed salad and albino lettuce.
I told him to not give me salad if its not green and he brings me a bowl of Albino salad with no green leafs.
Paying nearly $15 for a plate of Spagetti is ridiciulous; they take advantage of the tourist in that area of Flamingo close to the strip.
The Nellis Blvd location was very good with a nice green crisp salad and good service.
I would never go to the Flamingo location again!
Avoid that one if you can.
The service is terrible on a Saturday evening; go to the one on Nellis/Charleston

Met my friend for lunch on a weekday around noon.
Hostess was attentive and friendly sat me where I could see my friend arriving.
We both order the soup and salad all you can eat and overall the service was okay.
When we asked for more soup she seemed as if we were bothering her.
At end of lunch she actually put our mints on top of the check presenter and tossed the mints on to the table.
I was very surprised and shocked.
I will say the food as usual is very good and truly enjoyed the food.
However service was lacking.

I haven't been to an Olive Garden in almost 10 years and my experience is not what I remembered.
The food was okay.
I ordered Cheese Ravioli and my bf ordered some Steak & Tortellini dish.
His dish was pretty damn good.
I think my problem with this place is the service.
We are Asian and we came here with 2 of my friends (white).
The waitress seem to only speak to my friends and not us and I found it super rude.
She would rarely look our way, only at them.
I thought it was just me but the bf mentioned the same thing.
People like that should be be waiting tables or doing any sort of customer service.

I always enjoy their salad.
We ordered Tilapia and Asparagus dish but it came with green bean no asparagus.
Taste was good though.

I love the food and the service is great.
Our waiter was amazing and very polite.
Kept our drinks filled and was attentive to our needs.
Plus they're about 5 minutes where I live, so that's a plus!

Love coming the this Olive Garden.
Very friendly and courteous server and door greeter.

Just got out of here.
I went in here with my Mother and it was busy as they told us that we could wait 25 minutes for a table or we could sit in the bar area right away, so we decided to sit in the bar area as we were hungry.
When we sat, It was freezing and the air conditioner was blowing in our faces.
The hostess said she would have it turned off but after ten minutes it was still blowing at us very strong so we asked to have it to go.
we ordered the mixed grill and chicken alfredo fettucini, both with chicken and gnocci soup.
It took about 25 mins and we left.
when we got home we started with the soup which was and looked disgusting.
I had never ever had a complain about olive garden until i came to this location which is very close to where I live.
The soup seemed like it was extremely watered down.
It is supposed to be a white creamy soup but instead it was very transperant and u could tell it was just watered down.
it was soo nasty.
the bread sticks were fine.
When i got to my chicken alfredo, it was not blackened like it always is and states on the menu!
I was so mad.
It was breaded chicken.
like for chicken parmesan which I do not like at all.
I've been to olive garden a hundred times but this experience made not want to go back for a long time.
I hate the smell of it now and after tasting their food today I am just nauseous.
I ended up giving the entire meal to my dog, which was a shame.
I am giving it two stars because the hostess who was very pretty, (tall, brunette.
long hair) gave excellent customer service.
She was so friendly and never stopped smiling.

An Olive Garden is an Olive Garden anywhere you go.
Service is always decent, BUT if you come to this location and get a server named IVORY, your dining experience will be relaxed and without want.
Not once did I need to ask for anything other than place my order.
Every need/ want was anticipated and delivered BEFORE I felt the need to ask.
My Coca Cola was replaced before my straw found the bottom half inch of beverage.
My endless salad bowl was never empty.
We had more bread sticks than we could shake a stick at.
At other Olive Gardens in Cali, the wait time for a beverage refill, more bread or a salad can be horrible.
That lag can make the difference in how relaxing and enjoyable your meal is going to be.
As usual, the food was great.
And we sure appreciated the air conditioning that rescued us from the Las Vegas heat.
However, nothing can make up for bad service, a thing you will not find here.
Service is key.
Many restaurants are lacking and need to take notice!

