It's Bank of America.... what can I really say other then in terms of service, they fall far behind Chase but in term's of sheer numbers, they seem to be everywhere.
Which is the reason I have been banking with them for over 10 years.
Other then being close to school, one great thing about this branch is the # of drive up ATM's they have.

I really liked this branch.
The personnel I dealt with, from the teller, banker, to the manager are all so nice, helpful, and best of all knowledgeable.
This is the nicest banking center I have encountered by far.
The only thing I don't like is the busy location.
Traffic-wise...geez how I hate driving on Maryland PKWY.
Nonetheless, this banking center is big, many PBs on duty, excellent customer service (for me at least).
I will go back as it is convenient and of course, having knowledgeable PBs and management personnel is the best when it comes to one's finance.

I give you my money, and you take it with a smile.
You give me money from your machine and I forget it's mine.
Thanks for helping me out!
We mutually benefit from my finances.
All banks are not created equal.
Enjoy working with you.

So I've been a customer of Bank of America for over 10 years now.
My account is in Virginia, but I can access it here.
This branch has a bunch of ATMs, so there is never a wait unlike some other BoA branches.
This last trip to Vegas, I actually had to go into the branch.
My dad locked himself out of his account back home since he messed up his pin.
I went into the bank expecting a problem but it is very easy.
Showed my ID, swiped my bank card in the little machine at the teller, teller runs the check through the check machine, and she hands me the money.
He was very professional and it was smooth sailing.
I wish all bank branches worked this well.

I needed to deposit a third party check into my account and cash it right away.
I don't do this often, but my boyfriend uses Compass and there is not one Compass bank  in Vegas.
So, I went in with his check and asked for them to cash it.
Without any problems, they took it and gave me the entire amount in cash (based on my relationship with BOA).
I don't use this location since I live in Texas so I thought there would be some sort of hold/fee/issue, but none of the above applied.
Great service.
Also, there was no lines so it was a very fast transaction.

Drive thru ATMS!!
Awesome!!
That is the only part of the bank we saw/used.

This Bank of America is terrible.
I get my check that is made out to Bank of America and they charge me a fee of $6 just to cash it but at the other Bank of America on Pecos they don't charge me.

