Conveniently located next to the Boulevard Mall, and the closest location to the Strip, guarantees many visitors are from out of town.
I like this one because I can head here after work if I just wanna browse.
Sometimes I find something, sometimes I don't- which is ok, it's expected when you come to off-price chains.
Great selection on handbags (Kathy Van Z, Coach, Dooney & Bourke, etc.
), candles (Yankee), housewares (Rachael Ray), clothing (women's, lingerie, junior's, men's, and children's), and shoes (Aerosoles, Clarks, Keen).
Be sure to check their markdowns and clearance racks.
Also, in the back, is a section crammed with markdowns.
I found some really good deals here.
Sometimes you will encounter strange people like people asking you for a donation, even though there is a sign at the door stating, "No solicitors.
" Also, scammers outside asking for help.

This was my first experience going to a Marshall's and I was disgusted.
The store was a wreck with clothing and trash everywhere  The employees were rude and unapproachable, I asked a lady where the salt lamps were politely and she acted as if she didn't have the time of day for customers.
I'm sorry but we kind of pay your salary, remember customer service.

This Marshalls has some decent merchandise and decent customer service.
The fitting room attendant was kind of wierd.

This Marshalls is not very organized.
It's a typical Marshalls tho...  Good seletions to choose and buy.
But the store needs a lot of improvements on being organized.

Friendly workers, clean store, well-lit dressing rooms.
I was impressed.
Despite being in a "not-so-good" community, you'd never be able to tell by walking in to this store.
I don't remember being this impressed 8 years ago when I first visited this store.
Someone is doing something right - keep up the good work, Marshalls :)

This is an okay place to find cheap designer clothing.
I ventured here to find some work clothes because I dislike paying extravagant prices for clothes I could care less about.
I mean, I want to look good for work, but um, it's work and I'm not trying to impress anyone there.
After all, they already hired me and I'm married so meh!
But alas, sometimes we must make an effort, so Marshalls to the rescue!
The store itself is kind of messy, but less junky than Ross in my opinion.
I think it's because the racks are lower and look more like a normal big-box shopping store.
Selection was okay.
But typically Ross has much more selection in the dress department with much more varying prices.
I did pick up a few nice, key items - grey capri-slacks, a striped boat-neck shirt, a nice flowy blue shirt I can wear for work and outside of work (yay!
), but no shoes, which was kind of disappointing.
They did have shoes, but kind of pricey in my opinion for it being Marshalls.
Overall I would return in the event I needed some more work clothes.

