Loved this place!
It was our last day of our semi-crazy Vegas weekend with my brother and cousins and decided to stop off at a place to eat with no crazy lines so off the strip we went in search of a long shot.
Our guess totally paid off!
We ordered too much food, but it was worth it.
The pupusas are filling and tastey.
Shrimp cocktail was awesome!
I forget what my bro and cousins had, but they all loved it.
Everything we ordered was soooo good!
The server was nice and jokes around with us a bit.
They have a jukebox with lots of old and new music and they didn't seem to mind us singing to the songs!
We didn't have a problem until my cousin thought she ordered a Salvadoran relleno de papa and instead she got a Guatemalan relleno de papa which is TOTALLY different.
I don't remember if it was specified on the menu or not, but if not, then it was our mistake.
Just make sure you ask them to clarify because some countries make the same things with different names or different things with same names.

I ordered the carne guisada for 10 dollars and enjoyed it very much.
I took about half of it home because we ordered so much food!
I also got some well flavored black beans and white rice on my plate as well as some Russian salad.
I have never had it before so I don't have much to compare it to.
I would describe it as big chunks of slow cooked beef with some root vegetables.
Very comforting.
The food has a very home cooked taste to it so naturally everything is delicious.
I got to try some of the pupusas as well, they are very tasty; the pickled veggie topping that normally comes with them is ok but not the best I have had.
Things did take a bit of time to come out, but our waitress told us it would be 20 minutes.
No problem with me as long as it's got that home cooked flavor!

This review was meant to be written 3 weeks ago...here it goes.. on the Guatemalan side, we ordered: Pupusa: like a tortilla with white looking cheese on top.
Nothing special.
Was very filling...but not in a good way.
Annie said she usually gets the one with pork, but they didn't have it at this restaurant Taquitos:  with shredded pork.
aight.
Tamale:  real chicken, with bones!
this was good.
Sopa de siete mares:  lacks flavor...I took a sip and didn't bother for more horchata:  tasted too earthy for me.
I am used to the mexican version.
hot maiz drink:  first few sips were good...then I got a headache...
I don't know what happened here, but maybe it's just the food that we ordered, but I don't think I will be coming back  Sorry :(

I met my wife for dinner the other day.
El Santaneco is close to my work and across from her school (UNLV), so we decided to give El Santaneco a try.
I ordered the chile relleno de carne de puerco.
It was pretty decent.
My wife got the pupusas with chicken and potatoes.
She's a big fan of pupusas and was happy to find a convenient place serving them up.
She said she's had better, but they're good enough to satisfy her craving.
Unfortunately, they did not have flan which was listed on the menu and is her favorite, so that craving was unfulfilled.
We were given the requisite chips and salsa.
The chips kind of seemed like half of them were store bought and half were homemade.
The salsa was orangish.
It was good and interesting.
it reminded me of a cross between chicken broth and tomato soup.
The waitress barely spoke English and we speak minimal Spanish, but we got along okay.

Been coming here for the last few years, every so often for lunch.
This place offers a mix of Mexican, Guatemalan and Salvadorian food.
But I've only tried a few things over and over.. Their Pupusas!
If your not familiar, Pupusas are a traditional Salvadorian dish that consists of a handmade corn tortilla and then stuffed with one or more ingredients.
It llooks like a thick/stuffed white corn tortilla.
If you've never had it, try it, they're great!
My usual order:  (Complimentary) Chips and Black Bean (sprinkled with a little queso) Dip.
I love black beans and they aren't that common.
They come warm, creamy, a little salty.
Revueltas Pupusa (pork, bean and cheese): The pork is grounded so it wasn't chunky,, beans were mashed, and the cheese just melted it all together like a thin spread.
The pork had a nice flavor, just enough to taste it.
Beans were creamy and Cheese had a mild bite.
This was my favorite of all the Pupusa's I've tried here.
Queso Y Frijol (cheese and beans): I love bean and cheese burritos, so this just made sense!
Queso (cheese): Plain ol' cheese, Sometimes simple goes a long way!
*Pupusa's always come with 2 condiments (Curtido and Salsa Roja) that are mandatory to add with every bite.
Curtido is thinly sliced cabbage, carrots and onions.. that's been pickled of some sort.
Salsa Roja is a orange/red color sauce that resembles chili but it isn't spicy.
it is more like a seasoned tomato sauce.
My method is to pour the Curtido on top of the whole Pupusa then pour the Salsa Roja over that.
SOO GOOOD!!
The staff here always seemed to be in a good mood, polite and kept a smile =D.
Prices are very reasonable and they have a special on monday's and wednesdays for 99 cent Pupusas.
Super deal!
Place was always bumpin' the jams like reggaeton, spanish dance.. Like really loud sometimes!
Never bothered me but had to throw that in!
So, if you want something other than tacos or quesadillas then I say try these bad boys!

I love this place!
It is inexpensive.
I went here with four friends and we all ate a lot of food for about 30 dollars.
I came back later with my boyfriend and the two of us ate for around 15 dollars.
I love their breakfast platters and their pupusas.
It is just good all around Central American food.
Every time I go to Vegas I make sure to come and eat here :)

Pupusas!
That's all I had when I went here for lunch today.
Frankly, it's all I need to be a fan of this place.
You'll pay $2.25-$2.50 for the ones with any sort of substance in them i.e.
chicken or shrimp or fish.
After just a chicken and a shrimp pupusa, I was surprisingly full.
Ignore the sign on the window that says 99c Pupusas.
It's misleading.
On Mondays and Wednesdays, you can get pupusas for 99c, but you have to order 10 of them.
So really, it's 10 pupusas for $9.90.
Maths is hard.
Yes, I said maths.

I give the pupusas revueltas 5 stars but the restaurants decor has got.
to.
go.
I was also confused at what the name of this place was because the have like 3 different names on the menu.
This is a hole in the wall place so naturally I wouldn't expect the decor to be lavish but this place sure could use some decluttering.
The food, on the otherhand, was DELICIOUS!!

A bit tacky (plastic sheets on the tables) and a WAY too loud juke box, but the service was good.
The food is nothing special.

Not the best but good.
I ordered the steak nachos to go.
The portion was large.
Nothing more to say except average.

Papusas are great but they overcooked my tamale and it was dark and burnt overall pretty good

