Very corrupt place to do business.
They scammed me from the start.
Meanwhile, Dollar and Budget have both been tremendous to work with.
I would avoid this place at all costs.
Honestly.

Bringing back the car was as easy as getting it.
We parked and the Avis guy did a quick check and we were good to go.
We like it when things run smoothly.

Came across an amazing deal by Hotwire promotion for rentals for insane rates of $20.00 a day.
Hooped on that deal right away and booked it for the time I was in Vegas.
Rolling into the Mcclare rental car after being dropped off by the shuttle, and then entire time I was thinking ' wow this is way off the beat from the airport!
' Came into the place was dead and then I look over and was looking for Avis located in the corner with a line a million people long!
My mouth dropped open with the words slowing rolling off of my tongue-what the f*ck!'.
As I was walking to the end of the roller coaster line I noticed that only  3 three employees were working.
With about 50 people in line... Woozier- what a mood killer.
Lined up and decided to just be positive and keep in mind that at some point I will get to the front.
Waited an hour....
Yes, an hour!
Then when I final got up there the guy whom was assisting me was trying to sell me everything and ensure to ask twice.
I know he was doing his job, but if someone declines move on!!!!
One star for great pricing!

Absolutely disgusting - I pre-paid with Hotwire yet because I added a driver ($11 a day) they literally added FIVE additional fees, surcharges, and taxes meaning this cost over $45 extra.
And somehow they charged 10% tax of $67 at.... $11  I have no idea how they can come up with that but they are doing some seriously dodgy math to rip you off.
And *none* of these extra charges were quoted - I asked how much it cost to add a driver and they said "$11".
So they are happy to simply lie to you.
Avoid like the plague!

I had an exceptional experience on a one-week rental from 9/21/11-9/28/11.
I had reserved a convertible after calling the location to verify that 2011+ Mustang convertibles were in the fleet at that location.
I was disappointed upon arrival to be told by the customer service representative that the computer showed no Mustang convertibles available, and that although I could switch if one was returned later in the week, there was no way to tell when that could be and to call to check.
I asked for a Mistubishi Eclipse instead of a Chrysler 200 from what I was told was available, and experienced some more frustration when I got to the parking place of the car that I was assigned and found that it was a Chrysler 200.
When I went to the desk in the garage area, I explained what had happened so far, and was told by both the CSR and the lot employee there that they did not believe that there were any 2011+ Mustang Convertibles in their fleet at this location.
Not the best start.
Things turned quickly around from there, however.
I explained to the CSR that I was a car fanatic and would appreciate any information that she could provide on other enthusiast-oriented options.
After retrieving my luggage and returning to the garage desk, the CSR informed me that although it was not a convertible, she could get me a Mustang GT coupe for no additional money.
I took it, and the car turned out to be a 2012 with under 5,000 miles.
It made for a great ride during the trip.
Also, the manager was very helpful in extending my rental for a half-day at a price less than half of what the per hour contract cost would have been for a late return.

First time that I rented from Avis at McCarran.
Good bunch of folks.
They treated me right.
What a break from the Dollar Rent A Car types!
Already booked my next rental (at LAX) with Avis.

Watch out they will rip you off.
Brought back with a full tank and still got a fuel charge.
The car smelled like a garbage dump, really, like someone had left a bag of fruit sit in it for a week or two.
We only had it for a day and didn't want to use the day complaining so we let it ride.
Watch you bill.

I booked a compact car at Hotwire and it turned out my rental car would be from Avis.
When I got to the counter, only a couple people were waiting in line and I was waited on in a couple minutes.
The lady who assisted me first told me they didn't have the car I booked and asked me if I wanted to upgrade it to a standard car for $10 a day.
I said no and that I needed something for the price I paid.
So she assigned me something else.
When I went to downstairs to the parking lot, there was a huge SUV Ford Escape in my lot.
The seats were leather and very nice.
However I do not feel comfortable driving a huge car (because I have never driven one) and I was worried about gas mileage since I was going to Grand Canyon.
So I decided to swap the car for something smaller.
A different agent helped me the second time and he was very nice and assigned me Ford Focus.
How funny, the first lady at the counter told me I should upgrade to this type for $10 a day.
So it took me about 30min for the whole process of picking a car up but only a couple minutes for returning.
Easy breeze.
Make sure to point out all the damage because they don't go over with you at all and they don't have the paper work for that either.
After all, the price I paid was a steal and I did enjoyed the car I rented and no major problem with customer service.

I just sent this email to AVIS regarding my recent rental at AVIS - McCarren:   I travel 150K miles per year and have historically used AVIS and Hertz for business travel and Thrifty and AVIS for personal travel.
In all of my experience, this was the worst.
I returned my car after three days of travel and specifically went to refill my gas tank.
Upon arriving, Farjam (sp?
) came to my car where I informed him that i had refilled the gas in my tank.
It was obviously reading full.
He said ok and after a few moments handed me my receipt.
I noticed that a fuel chard of $20 was on the bill and I informed him that he overlooked it and that he made an error and asked for him to remove the charge.
He rudely told me that I didn't show him a receipt (which he didn't ask for, but that I did not get from the pump) and said that I needed to talk with a manager to remove the charge.
I am cutting my flight close and don't have the time to deal with this so I asked him again to remove the charge as my tank was obviously full.
He was curt and refused and acted as if it was clearly my problem and not his.
At this point it is worth missing my flight to report this level of service so I went a stood in line for 10 minutes waiting for a manager.
Finally I was helped by Fran.
I am obviously upset and tell her the story.
Rather than apologize for the actions of her employee, she tells me to calm down, explains that I signed a contract to show a receipt and says that there is nothing she can do.
I wasn't even upset about the money or the policy at the time, just the employee's actions.
I was never even asked for the receipt and then was rudely told to take it inside.
But, that said, a $20 charge for a full gas tank?
Really?
I know that gas is expensive, but the line was above the F?
Avis is obviously abusing this charge and I can only think that this location, at least, is taking advantage of customers who don't look closely at their receipts.
It is a poor, bordering on actionable, level of service and I will be putting this exact same message onto Hotwire, Priceline and Yelp to make sure that people are aware of the issue.

Great service!
So I came in the rental area slightly intoxicated and picked a fight with the guy at the desk.
:( it was my fault, his hands were tied, but both gentlemen were super friendly and we ended being taken care of very well.
All in all not a bad experience!

Avoid these thieves!
I rented a car from Avis Las Vegas in late December 2012.
When I returned the car I had accidentally left my expensive ipad between the passenger seat and center console.
I realized this mistake within an hour of handing the car back in and promptly called the Avis desk at the airport to let them know precisely where my personal property was located and the exact vehicle to look in.
I was informed that they would immediately search the vehicle and call me back.
Of course no call ever came from these slimy Las Vegas vermin.
Their second lame excuse was that they could not access the vehicle for whatever reason (I guarantee it was exactly where I had left it) and to call back in the morning.
In the morning I called again and was informed that they could not locate the iPad and that they had re-rented the car.
After a couple days I called Las Vegas Police and filed a grand larceny report which I intend to pursue.
Little do these scumbags realize, is that I have tracking software on my ipad and as soon as the criminal attempts to use it I will have a precise location and will immediately be calling LVPD to arrest their sorry ass.
In short, Avis Las Vegas is staffed by dishonest thieves, scumbags, and the rif raf of the earth.

GREAT CAR!
GREAT SERVICE!
GREAT PRICE!
I just got back from NASCAR Weekend and 5 days in Las Vegas.
I had found the deal and booked the car through Southwest.
When I arrived at the counter, I discovered that I inadvertently booked the car for 9:30 PM instead of 9:30 AM.
BIG MISTAKE!
My booked rental was for only 4 days, not 5 and I was 12 hours early!
Initially the counter person was apologetic, but not very accommodating.
Then he called over the very helpful, knowledgeable and pregnant supervisor.
She informed me that I would have to pay for an extra day and possibly at a higher rate.
NO PROBLEM.
Then she told me that with 5 days she could give me the weekly rate.
GREAT.
Well, after all that, I ended up paying 10% LESS than what I had originally booked the car for.
The Ford Fusion ran well, handled well and got good mileage.
Checking the car in was also a snap.
Thank you AVIS.

If I could I would not give them any stars, but since I have to I only gave them one star.
I went on line and had a confirmation quote from Avis at Las Vegas for $398.62, but after arriving and going to pick up car, they would not even look at my itinerary and confirmation # from my Internet reservation and wanted to charge me over $900!
After 45 minutes of arguing with the clerk, he gave me a "deal" of only $689.80!!!
That's $290 over their quoted price.
This is a rip off and I will never do business with Avis again.

Yeah, seriously, the busses that get you from the airport to the rental car center are dramatically under provisioned.
BAD EXPERIENCE.
The cars at Avis are typically dirty but at least reservations are honored.

It's hard to imagine why so many people had bad experiences because mine was great.
The shuttle was easy to take and they are constantly running so you never have to be standing there waiting for one.
It's really very easy so don't worry about that part.
I got to the Rental Car Center around 11 am on a Friday and there was no line.
I booked on Avis.com an economy car and it turned out to be a cute, brand new VW Beetle!
I felt very cool.
The prices were really cheap ($20/day with all the taxes) and I had no problems with the car.
Returning it on a Wednesday at 9:30 am was a breeze, too.
Pulled right in, no waiting, no problem.
Hopped right on a shuttle outside and was at my terminal in 10 mins.
Employees were very nice, too.
I would definitely use Avis again.

I would like to point out what an Outstanding Job that Samantha did on 1/4/14 at the Avis Preferred desk did.
We are locals and I'm in the service industry here so I know good and bad service.
Samantha was top notch and I encourage anyone who is renting through the Preferred Desk to see her.
Steve P.

We went through Priceline.com.
First mistake it seems.
However I did my reservation 6 months ago and this is my third time with Priceline.com.
Second mistake I am a disabled Veteran and I don't drive.
I used my credit card to third mistake, and put my husband on as the driver, forth mistake it seems.
So if your a married, disabled, no driving Veteran and want to surprise your husband with a trip...DON'T PAY FOR IT WITH YOUR OWN CREDIT CARD!!!
We got our Nissan Altima, after leaving a $100.
deposit.
This is not the first time we have been given trouble because we used Priceline.com, Hertz screwed us over and the clerk let us know he hated Priceline.
Now Budget was a jewel.
Cost us a refundable deposit of $200.00 however because I was disabled and a Veteran he understood why I had to do my Priceline paperwork the way I did.
The 3 stars was for the gentleman who handled our paperwork and his boss.
Seems the Avis rules stated I'd have to get a refund from Priceline and start all over.
That would have ruined our vacation.
Oh if you can't"t get through to Avis on the phone your suppose to dial 0 if it just continues to ring without an answer.
you will find that tidbit NOWHERE!!!
I tried to call them 1 month ahead of time to avoid this issue.
No one answered.
Seems they know of the problem and believed me.
Now what does a disabled non driver do if they need a car and  don't want the driver to have to pay???
Don't use Priceline.com???
That just seems so unfair.
What got us over, I have a car and the insurance is in both our names since the car is also!!!
lol.

I know why this place gets terrible reviews.
Avis is clueless on customer service.
Especially Liz.
Had a reservation and was sent to the preferred desk which I approached Liz.
Terrible first greeting, not even a smile.
Because of her negative attitude and condescending tone the process went in the wrong direction.
I'm here for my vacation to have fun and I don't need you to ruin it in my first hour of arrival.
The issue wasn't that big on me but because of her attitude I responded negatively.
I hope upper management sees this and changes their customer service approach.
Ridiculous!
Stay away from Avis unless you want to argue.

