Very nice store and clean.
Fast service & the manager Maria very friendly.

New modern design set up more lap top friendly with counter and AC outlets.
Crew still is not a friendly as other locations.
Other than that it is a McDonalds serving McDonalds

Very friendly service.
Very nice Manager.
^_^

I've been rather disappointed in the McD's I've been stopping in lately, and I remember this being a total dive years ago.
Came in for sodas-the staff is nice, the place is clean; then my cousin and I were very impressed at how well the team was communicating with each other.

Good morning, this morning before 730am myself and my fiance went to this mcdonalds drive-thru placed an order and left.
We went to go wash when my fiance discovered a counterfiet $50 bill when he went back in his wallet with the receipt that was handed to us from the cashier that was working at this time.
We made a first trip back to let the working manager there Chris told us"no this is real" we explained to him the money was to thick and it just didn't seem right.
When he told us"oh no its real you see the face, its real" we went back to the laundrymat finished up our loads to wash made one more errund to a dollar general and then made a last stop at our local friendly speedeemart.
I went into the store and try to purchase a few items.
When I gave this same bill that we recived from this mcdonalds to the clerk as soon as she touched it she said to me"sweety this is not real" she advice me to put it in a slot machine if it spits it out its not real, I did this twice, only because I don't gamble and I was furious we made a third trip back spoke to another manager buy the name of John.
He tried to tell us he can't verify what happened.
Once we told him we were calling the police both the drivethru cashier and the manager chris who told us this bill was real left immediately together.
I rarely I mean rarely eat out but I will not go to this location or any other location for this exact reason.
My fiance is a porter and i am a Dental Assistant we are hard working honest people.
I will be filing a report first thing Tuesday morning since it is a holiday tomorrow.
Watch your currency please oh by the way the store number is#975 address 3815 south maryland prkway las vegas nevada 89109.
Thank you and be aware of your transactions  Kelvin and Phaedra!

We stopped by last night to check out the McRib so this review is for that.
I can honestly say that the McRib is McGross.
The sauce cloyingly sweet, the meat had the texture of a sponge and after a couple bites I threw it out.
Im not quite sure that the big deal is about with this sandwich.
I do remember having one as a kid but like Twinkies somethings just taste better when you're young.
The staff here was really friendly and while the sandwich was gross, it was served hot and fresh.

Yesterday I was starving so I stopped by here for a Southwest salad.
To my surprise, this salad was full of fresh romaine lettuce and warm moist strips of pretty tasty chicken.
This salad has only 450 calories which is a huge plus.
They have two other types of salad for even less calories, but I bet they aren't as tasty as this one.
I highly recommend going to McDonald for a last minute salad instead of the Taco Bell's Cantina bowl.

it's in not the best  condition, staff is small which creates long lines and also the food is not  so good, I had the impression that they change the  oil very rare .
But  the ice cream is the same, is good!

The kid won't eat at Del Taco, so it's a two-stop lunch.
Fine.
Ordered easily in the drive-thru, tended prompted to my a young woman with dual eyebrows (unusual, but not bad: the original set, and a second pair penciled about an inch higher; interesting look), and out the door again.
The girl toy in the kid's meal was a decorate-yourself little generic Hot Wheels car, but she's a tomboy and loves stickers, so no harm, no foul.

I really enjoy this location of the McDonalds.
There are a few problems I have with it though.
I have asked for water (this was twice within a fifteen minute period) and never received it.
When I ordered three chocolate sundaes, they had no problem getting them to me!
Just don't ask for something like water.
There are also a lot of bums that hang out in there and it can become unsafe for kids.
For the most part, John (the main manager) will drive them out of there after awhile.
There are also a lot of teenagers which can become somewhat unruly.
It is not in the greatest area, but it is actually a good location.
The quality of the food seems great though...

