Granted your first impression of these high rise condos is most likely gonna be around the lines of "ghetto" BUT once you get past the exterior, you'll find out real quick that the inside of the condos are built quite nicely.
A friend of mine happens to own a 2 bedroom condo in the VT and once inside I was amazed at how spacious the condos were.
My friend is photographer and requires an area where he can place large equipment and back drops.
And the view on the outside patio?
for get about it, its fabulous!
Dont get me wrong, the area is most defintiely not the best area, its crowded and there are alot of ghetto ass people around, but I think for the price he pays around $715 for a 2 br/2bath 1200+ square feet, its a great deal!

Awesome:  They're upgrading each kitchen (granite countertops and back-splash, stainless steel appliances), bathroom (intricate tile, granite countertops here too) and the one-bedrooms have a wall of mirrors to cover a spacious closet.
The balcony offers amazing views.
Not-so-awesome:  Current construction is a nuisance!
Difficult to keep up with areas that are closed off from residents and they work Saturday mornings.
This adds to the nauseating smell coming from the garbage room next to the main elevators.
The smell is thick and creeps along the hallways, sticking in your nose for a while.
Some neighbors (not all, only some) make me feel inadequate when I walk by...
I love my apartment, but the surroundings are rather chaotic.

Even after moving out, Vegas Towers has haunted me.
I entered this place last year excited because the apartment was so beautiful.
Paid $650 in security and pet deposit, paid an additional $30/month to allow my little 7 pound puppy to stay with me.
In the year of staying there, it all added up to a whopping $1,010.00 ($650 + $360).
Even more, rent was $835.00/month.
Upon moving out, I was concerned that they would possibly charge me for cleaning fees (as apartment complexes usually do), so I made an appointment for a walk-through with Nancy before submitting the keys.
I spent an entire week cleaning the place and used the Rug Doctor to clean the carpets...it looked and smelled so clean!
She said everything looked good and they would send me my deposit refund in the mail.
A month later, I was excited to receive a letter from Vegas Towers, expecting I would have some extra cash because money was tight that month (I'm a grad student, that's how it goes...).
I was so upset to find that they were charging me an additional fee of over $300 on top of the $1,010.00 I had already paid!!
Supposedly, it was necessary to replace the entire carpet, although I am very particular about keeping my home clean.
If I did not pay the $300+ within 10 days of receiving the claim, they would report me to the collection agency.
That means the carpet replacement would add up to over $1,300.00 for less than 900 sq.
ft. of material.
I submitted an appeal since Nevada State Law protects tenants against excessive fees (look it up!
may be useful!
keep the fight going for us tenants!
), then received a letter back from their lawyer in Ohio asking about which law I was referring to, also stating that my claim had no grounds for an appeal and I had to pay the fees.
I spoke to him asking about their charges.
I tried to compromise asking not to charge the additional fees, but they can keep the security and pet deposit of $650 plus monthly pet fees.
He did not even consider it.
He stated that even one tiny damaged area on the carpet requires replacement of the entire thing---however I know for a fact this is untrue since I have had small portions of carpet replaced in other homes and it looked perfect afterwards (also look it up on Youtube, they have DIY videos).
The only good thing that came out of that conversation is that he allowed me to pay at a later date since I did not have money at the time.
I have grown tired of all the lies they've fed me, so I decided to pay the fees so that I could cut all ties with Vegas Towers and be free of the harassment.
I paid $865 each month to live there because it was close to UNLV.
I thought it'd be more convenient and I would save money in gas.
WRONG!
Ended up costing me even more than I'd ever imagined.
For that price in Vegas, you can rent a 3 bedroom house in a better neighborhood.
I'm doing that now and realize how much happier I am now.
Learn from my mistake and don't rent here.

I'm going to make this short & sweet, Vegas Towers blows.
When I first moved in I was lured by the "newly renovated units" and the promise of young college kid neighbors & what a bargain it is to live so close to the strip - bs.
Granted these units did get new carpet and appliances, but that doesn't change the fact that this building has got to be 60+ years old.
The hallways of this building feel like walking through a hospital with carpet.
The AC units are older than time itself.
The sliding glass doors seal shut about as good as a torn ziplock bag causing your electricity bill in the summer to be way higher than it should.
As for the your neighbors.. College kids?
Hardly.
Vegas towers is a retirement home in disguise, don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
Senior citizens are constantly leaving shopping carts (I have no idea where the come from) in the hallways, garbage on the floors, and disposing of their pet's waste in the laundry room!
Absolutely disgusting, especially when there is 1 laundry room to be shared on each floor by every tenet on that floor.
As for the price to live here, way too much.
955 for a 1 bedroom.. You might as well pay the extra 300 and live in Veer or Panorama.
Other negatives about VT - The gym (if you wanna call it that) is a joke.
It's got 2 treadmills, 2 stair steppers, a bike, and a resistance machine built in the 1970s.
No weights, benches, or room to do any real exercises.
Locker rooms are not up kept at all.
CONSTRUCTION.
There is constant beating and banging in this place.
It sounds like they gave a 7 year old a hammer and told them to hit the walls for 6 hours a day.
Only real positives of VT is that it's close to the strip.
The only reason I'm giving VT 2 stars instead of 1 is because I'm yet to see any rodents or insects, which is shocking to say the least.
Don't do it people.
Go to Vegas Grand if you're gonna be in this part of the neighborhood.

From: Kealahornjr@aol.com  Date posted: 11/25/2013  Years at this apartment: 2011 - 2013     My partner and I lived there for 2 years.
I had a cleaning company come in to do detailed cleaning of every inch of the apartment.
Had the keys turned in with the FOB.
When speaking with Nancy, she assured that the deposit would be processed and mailed out within 30 days.
I was excited to see a letter in the mail from LV Towers.
After I opened it up I was upset because to receive a bill for our deposit plus $556!!!
So the are literally charging us almost $1600!
There were charges for prorated carpet charges for $1156.80.
Excessive cleaning fee $60.
Replacement of damaged shelf under the kitchen sink (there never was a shelf under there!
) $20 for damaged rubber floor strip at kitchen entry, that they We're supposed to replace when we moved in.
$28 for so called damaged range drip pans that I replaced, because they were not done when I moved in.
The only thing I take responsibility for is the pet deposit fee, for when we got a kitten after we moved in.
All in all-RIPPED OFF!

Went in the day before Valentines Day to drop off my application with Michelle.
We did not put on a unit number on top of the application because the unit we wanted was not available yet AND it was simply an application for approval.
Once we did get approved, we picked out the perfect unit.
We wanted a One Bedroom Deluxe overlooking the strip.
Nancy showed us the unit on the 5th floor with a sunken living room, which we loved.
(Juan didn't even know those units existed when we originally looked!
) She then explained to us that one would become available in a couple weeks on the 6th floor, and we let her know that would be the unit we would like because it was higher.
Long story short - They kept giving me the run around on when we were able to move.
Kept telling me they would call me and never did, I had to call multiple times.
Finally I went in on March 6th wanting to finish everything and see the unit after it had been cleaned.
(Was told it was vacated on Feb 28th)..... Michelle went to show me the unit and IT WAS NOT THE UNIT we agreed on!
Went back to the office and Stacy (Who is NEVER available to speak to anyone because shes always busy, but what it really is is that she doesn't want to speak to anyone) showed me the application I had filled out had another unit number on it.
FIRST off, if you read above, Michelle NEVER put a unit number on my application because we were not sure of the unit number at the time.
I explained to Stacy that we wanted the unit that Nancy showed us to begin with.
Then Nancy chimes in and said SHE NEVER SHOWED US THE UNIT I WAS TALKING ABOUT!!
And Stacy told me that it didn't exist!
Stacy the told me the application I signed had the correct unit number on it.
BUT MICHELLE NEVER PUT ONE ON THERE WHEN WE APPLIED!!
They took it upon themselves and put whatever unit number on there and then Nancy and Michelle LIED TO MY FACE and told Stacy I didn't know what I was talking about and we never agreed to the other unit (Which was now rented)  LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES  Everyone there is a liar!!!!
Seems like ive read other reviews that basically call them out as well!
DONT RENT HERE!!!!
LIES!!

I would give them ZERO stars if I could!
No response from them!
Oh, but they reported me to the credit bureaus and it's on there until 2020!
Biotches!

I would absolutely, without a doubt give Vegas Towers ZERO stars if I could...
I actually broke my lease from another apartment complex to move into VT...
It was a huge,  beautiful unit on the 9th floor...
The views were amazing and even with the location I felt safe with the guards at the gate (even though somehow friends of mine managed to make it up to my apartment even before I approved them) ...  For the most part everything was good...
Except two major issues...   1.
When they were painting the complex I was advised of the dates they would be working on my portion of the building...
But after those dates had passed painters still came by my windows which I always left open and there I was sleeping on the couch in very little clothes because it's vegas and it's hot...
I was so mad,  but when I called they told me I read the notice wrong which wasn't true because I had the notice if front of me when I called...
I swear they never even apologized for the intrucivness of painters being at my window glaring into my personal space.
Months after I moved out I noticed a $900 charge on my credit from Vegas Towers...
I was super confused because I had completely paid off anything I owed...  Well they tell me that they had to replace the carpets ...
I do have dogs but there absolutely wasn't enough damage to replace the entire carpeting...
I haven't had the money to clear it off of my credit just yet,  and the charge has hindered me from rerenting...
I almost didn't get the house I'm in now because the charge made my landlord leary...
So fast forward to a year and a half later and I get a text from one of my closest friends who also lived in VT...  She's just now moving out and asked me if I had any weird damage charges...
Turns out Vegas Towers is doing the exact thing to her,  only they managed to crank her extraordinarily ecssesive fees to $1600!!!
I couldn't believe that what happened to me was also happening to her!
So I check yelp and what do you know?
It's happened to at least two other people...
I'm seriously wondering how many people are getting scammed by these low lifes...
They excessively charge lots of people...  Look at the Google reviews...  Look at apartmentreviews.com...
They do this a lot   I'd NEVER recommend this place!

I love living here!
I've read the reviews and simply put do not agree.
Everyone that works on this property, from the guards at the gate, whom I might add do their job and are always prompt and so very kind.
You need a cab?
Call the guard house!
Management in the office are always friendly and professional.
I have no complaints.
The maintenance staff is wonderful as well!
I don't have creepy crawlers, it's quiet and overall pleasant place to live!

Although we have not lived anywhere else in Vegas (we moved here from Seattle) and have only been here a short while, I have to say my boyfriend and I are in love with these apartments.
Some of the reviews are just ridiculous, so I felt like leaving my experience, so far.
The apartments are very beautiful.. Sunken living room, beautiful kitchen and bathroom, big deck, and we're impressed with how much space there is..
The bedroom is huge unlike most apartments were it feels like all you can fit is a bed and small dresser (which you don't even need with how much closet space there is).
Great deal for the price, in my opinion.
And the special makes it even better.
Staff in the office and at the gate are both very friendly, i have not needed maintenance but in passing seems friendly as well.
I have not experienced any noise issues at all and we are fairly low to the ground, with other units above, bellow, and on both sides of us.
There is never an issue with parking (unless you want front row in the very front of the building, but i park in back anyways.
)  Bonus, 2 miles from the strip!
Love it.
And anything you could possibly need is near by.
Gas, banks, food, retail, grocery, even the university, the list goes on.
I have heard multiple times that this is not the best neighborhood (which kind of surprised me)..
So I am still cautious.. but they do quite a good job about making sure this property is secure and safe.
Security/gated, cameras, secured building entry, etc.
The pool and hot tub are nice, the gym may be the only thing lacking.
But, they are redoing the amenities and we are very excited for them to be finished!
Looking forward to the rest of our time here.
I would definitely recommend these apartments.

