Xo Karaoke Room is awesome!
You get your own private room....no one really bothers you...the hostess is attentive and polite.
You can even get a cd of all your songs when you are done!
If you haven't been you need to go and try it!

We hit up XO Karaoke room on Saturday night with a friend who used to live here in Vegas who was visiting for one of his friend's birthdays.
This was the second time we've been to XO Karaoke.
There were 6 of us, so the price was $25 per room per hour.
The price changes depending on how many people are with you.
Its $20 per room per hour for 1-4 people, and then goes up from there.
They open up a bit early (around 7pm) and are open late (until at least 4am).
The rooms are clean, and the couches are comfortable.
It can get a little hot in the rooms during the summer, but they do have fans in the rooms.
The song selection is pretty decent as far as the English songs.
Lots and lots of pop, classic rock and standards.
They do serve cold beverages and the prices are reasonable.
The staff is very friendly and they offer recording if that is your style.
This is a good place to have a great night out with friends.

XO accommodated a loud, rowdy group of 30 of us on a Saturday night.
The owners were super friendly and attentive.
They were feeding us shots on the house and just being generally awesome.
The karaoke machines are a bit difficult to use (unless you speak Korean) but just ask one of the owners for help and they'll show you which buttons to press.

Kind of out of the way, but not too many K-Karaoke places are closer!
The owners were super, super friendly and kept the place open as long as you were there.
We had five people for two hours and it was $40, which is reasonable for Vegas--actually, it's reasonable for where I am from as well.
$12 bottles of soju (she has a few different kinds) Free water as long as you're a paying customer.
Also, just to top the evening off, when we asked for the owner to call us a cab, she got her husband to take us back to the hotel in their minivan (very nice and clean; nicest cab you will ever get in Vegas ^_^) for $20.
I would definitely recommend hitting up this place--they have a pretty wide selection of K-Pop, J-Pop and regular old American Pop.
Don't be afraid if you're not Asian, I guarantee you will like it.

If you love to sing and practice this place is the place to be!
This place is cheap and a great hangout place and sing.
For an hour I only paid 20$  They also serve alchol their for those of you guys who need to be drunk to sing.. lol  The only thing i did not like about this place was it was so HOT!
they were cooling the place with electric fans..
But overall all i rate this place a 4 you can't complain cheap karaoke with drinks and your own private room cant go wrong with that..

