No, I didn't come here as a patient.
I was touring the place for a volunteer position.
Sad to say, there is no doctor on site (only on call).
It is acute care and patients usually only stay for about 7-10 days average.
There is about 18 beds and 450 staff members in 6 wings.
No surgery done here.
Side note: Parking is limited and does overflow.
Park on the street or across at the overflow lot.

Worst place ever...won't even give the patient what they need to clean there dentures.
My friend was there for ten days...she checked herself out because she was so miserable there.
They wouldn't even let us use a wheel chair  to go the 100 yards we had to walk to get out of there including a wrong turn.
I wouldn't send anyone to that inhumane place.

Worst PLACE EVER to send someone or get sent from a hospital you care about!!!!
You might as well tell the person if they have to go, good luck on ever getting out.
Better yet, getting out alive.
Probably better if you die then go here.
Place is such a joke.
Seems like everybody that works there could give a sh** if you live or die.
Everybody from the wanna be nursing staff to the top stupervisor.
Nurses never attend to you, ignore, RUDE AS HELL, care a less.
I think they send people that can't make it as a real nurse or someone who thinks they are a nurse they go here.
If you don't want to work there or wanna HELP people like YOU SIGNED UP FOR then quit.
It's people / scumbags like that, that work in places like this one where people are scared to go because they get mistreated just like in this dump.
You would probably get more help from a crackhead then this place!
I wouldn't send my worst enemy here.
And that says ALOT.
I wish this place would shut down but, wish in one hand, sh** in the other and see which one fills up!!
This place get a BIG GIGANTIC "F".
I will use the word FAILURE rather then what I really want to write because I know this wouldn't make it to press.
If they want to send you here.......RUN, AND RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN!!!
( THIS PLACE "ALMOST" ) if not did, kill my mom.

If I could give this NO STARS I would!
It is the worst place possible to send a patient here 3 weeks after Open Heart Surgery with NO doctor on staff only on call.
The nurses did their best, but I suffered greatly by having medical emergencies 4 out of 5 days.
Upon arriving here late at night, I was put in a room and never attended to for 45 minutes.
The stay was awful.
No choice of any food, you eat what they give you.
Or,you don't eat at all.
NO DOCTOR came when I had these emergencies and had to be sent to another hospital.
Three blocks away, the ambulance charge was $1,000.
Sent back here again and  had a very dangerous medical problem, sent to another hospital.
My  insurer doesn't use the "best" only the cheapest.
If you have someone you love or yourself, REFUSE TO GO HERE!
I was threatened by my insurer that if I did not go here my hospital bill which was over $500,000 would not be paid nor would I be reimbursed for nursing care at home.
To go here Three WEEKS after major surgery is just wrong!

place had no a/c they were suppose to send report to dr when I got there  never did I had to call doctor  they needed a nurse to wrap my let it was like pulling teeth went I get home will tell my ins how great the place is

