Last week, on the way from the Airport to the Convention Center, me and my buddies decided it was time for some breakfast.
Fortunately, we came across this IHOP.
The place was pretty empty, I believe there were only two other parties there besides us.
The service was fast and friendly.
Our hostess / waitress (Shee was her name) was awesome.
The food was average for an IHOP.
You know what you will get.
As a bonus, this IHOP is close to the Pinball Hall of Fame.
This is a good place for breakfast.
Will I be back?
Yeah, maybe.

I wanted to go to an IHOP that was off the typical tourist area.
I drove about 6 or 7 miles away from the STRIP and ate here.
The service there was great.
The server Jeremy was very attentive and helpful.
Overall, the food is as good as any other IHOP but, it was the service that will make my family come back here again.

I live across the street from this particular IHOP and always enjoy myself.
If you are looking for anything extraordinary about this location, I will just tell you it is the same as the others.
I would argue that service at this location is very good and the probably primary reason I visit (and it's across the street, remember?

I was completely unhappy with my dinning experience.
As I walked up to the front desk to be sat the hostess seriously looked at me for 5 min in complete amazement, like she had never seeing a human being before.
I was sat, and was left there to sit for 10 min without any acknowledgment from anyone.
They were keep movin busy, but not out of control busy.
When the waitress tried to wave to me and tell me that it would be a minute more she smacked me with the check holder.
It was still another 5 min before she got my drink order, and ignored my food order, even though I had known what I wanted for over 10 min.... some one else brought me my drink, and still a long wait before I was able to give her my food order.
My food was cold when I received it.
She also never came back to see how it was.
And the bathroom was about the grossest thing I have ever seen!

This place was ok. nothing to write home about.
neither my bf nor myself really enjoyed what we ordered.
Not sure if that had more to do with what we ordered though.
I ordered one of the midnight specials - pancakes, eggs, bacon.
pancakes were ok - didnt eat them much.
eggs were bland, come to think of it... it was like eating hospital food.
you eat b/c its there and either you eat that or you dont eat.
It was after the GeorgeStrait/Reba concert @ MGM so we were just glad it was food, and it was open.
we were ignored for a bit but I felt bad for the waiter b/c it seemed like he was the only one working at that hour.
we wondered if he was the cook, the waiter and the cashier.. w/e he's getting paid... it aint enough.

I don't go into IHOP looking for a Tour de force for the tastebuds, clean bathrooms, or even a coffee cup without any lipstick stains on it.
But, service should bad in the very least.
Not sure how the service is because no one served us.
One star because they have a roof and tables.
We got up and left after waiting for 10 minutes to receive our drinks.
It was not busy.

Cold French Toast.
When mentioned to the waitress she brought back to the kitchen.
She came back to tell me that the kitchen was making me a new batch.
She came back with the new batch which had the same corner removed that I cut originally to find out that the toast was cold.
Ok, it did come back hot (for at least 5 minutes).
Toast was dry and tasteless.
My daughter who is a IHOP aficionado told me that the French Toast at the IHOP in San Jose, CA is better, but believe me I am not running to find out.

Out with a friend for the day we were looking for a place to have lunch, and she spotted the IHOP up ahead.
Actually, I am not a fan of IHOP for meals other than breakfast, but I also don't want a 20 minute discussion on where to eat, so I took a left into the parking lot.
OK, I will admit I was wrong.
We were there between the lunch and dinner hours so seating was immediate.
Our waiter brought the drinks right away and took our order promptly.
We both ordered Patty Melts, and the cooking time was fast.
The real shock was that the food was good.
Not just good, but really good.
Not only was it really good, it actually looked like the picture on the menu.
I have to say I was impressed with this IHOP and would not hesitate to return.
4 stars, losing one because the entire time we were there all the tables from the lunch rush remained dirty.
Yeah, it didn't really effect the meal, but it was no pleasure to look at.

Food was tasty but portions way smaller than the IHOP in Santa Monica.
There, the  pot roast was about double the amount that I was served today.
Check out the picture I've posted.
I don't believe it's worth the $8.49 they charge for it!

I ordered a turkey sandwich here and it was delicious!
Great service too!
We had a coupon and they were really helpful.

Avoid this place.
The service is horrible and the food is very bland.
What makes tea an Iced Tea?
ICE!
The hot tea packets were stuck together by some sticky substance.
The server asks if we want a box to take home the leftovers but she never returns.
If it wasn't for the Groupon we would not have gone here.

Kids fav place!
Swedish pancakes!

This place is horrible.
I used to go 3 times a week and then I stopped because it was going soo down hill.
Today my family and I went there, thought we would give it another shot and it was horrible.
When we got our food, it was cold and we couldnt even tell our server because he never came back to check on us.
My husband's eggs were raw too.
The cashier asked how was everything?
and I said bad, our food was cold.
She said oh sorry.
She could care less!
I can officially say we will NEVER go back there again!!!!
Don't waste your money at this place!

lmao so I have a nickname for this IHOP.
I call them the (DO-OVER) I've been in a few times.
And no matter what I get breakfast or lunch it's always great after they make it the 2nd time around.
I have no idea why they can't get it correct the first time however after the do over its great.
They get three stars from me total.
I did provide pictures.
The over all service is just ok however once the employees saw me doing a review on yelp they did pick the service up.
My group went from not being seen to over kill service once we got our food noone asked us if we needed anything at all.
But once they seen me on yelp...it was...oh can I get you something anything at all lmao.
Like they asked us this 60,000 times.
AFTER THEY SEEN ME ON YELP...Id like to stress that very much.
Will I return?
Maybe.

I was craving a patty melt and they did not disappoint.
So many times the rye isn't quite toasty but they got it just right and the grilled onions were wonderful.
The fries were cooked perfectly as well.
What was really nice was that it was a "To Go" order and it was packed up very nicely along with small plastic cups of ketchup and a pickle spear.
I'll definitely keep them in mind when my patty melt craving hits again!

I love this IHOP, the waitress was attentive, and I wish I remembered her name.
Coffee stayed full, and even though we sat visiting for an hour after we were done she didn't make us feel rushed.
She did tell us she was giving our table to a different server, so she could leave, after waiting an hour, poor thing.
So we quickly paid.
The food was hot, and the syrups weren't sticky.
What more could you ask.

It was  a good IHOP.
The service was speedy, and the coffee was hot.
I had nut n grain pancakes, and they were good.
Nothing amazing  here, but I would go back again.

I used to love IHOP...until I went to this location.
Most IHOPs are consistent with decent food quality however this location on Tropicana had terrible service.
To start our waiter was polite but not overly welcoming.
Once we placed our orders, we never saw him again.
A runner brought us our food and we had to request our check from the front counter.
When they asked me what happened I told them our server disappeared.
She let me know he had gone on break.
It was a breakdown in communication but it left such a bad taste in my mouth (the food wasn't great either) that I will no longer eat at an IHOP.
for the price I can get an incredible meal at Egg Works, The Egg and I, or Sunrise Cafe.

Ok so we all know that when it comes to chain restaurants, the food is pretty much the same everywhere.
However, that doesn't mean reviews aren't important and I just ha to write one for this location.
First, the restaurant is very bright and clean and seems very well maintained.
I've been here when it's been extremely busy as well as nearly empty, and regardless the food always comes quickly.
The nicest thing about this particular IHOP though is how friendly and wonderful the staff is.
So kind and welcoming and it makes a typical breakfast experience really enjoyable.
Make sure to tip these employees well because they rock!

I'll NEVER again patronize this place!
The T-bone steak I had for breakfast on June 23, 2014, was EXCELLENT, but that's the ONLY positive thing I can say about this particular IHOP location.
The waiter "Roberto" was the only server on duty, but he still took too long to take my order and it also took much too long for it to be prepared and delivered.
He was also very rude and disrespectful.
There was a female server there, but she informed me that she was off duty and couldn't even fetch me a lousy pitcher of coffee.
While I refuse to judge ALL IHOP locations by one awful place, I'll stay away from THIS one, for the remainder of my life and urge everyone else to do likewise.
If I want to be treated in such a shabby manner in the future, I'll contact my first mother-in-law, who was once awarded the MEDDLE of Honor.

