One thing is for sure, you know what you're getting when you order Domino's Pizza.
I wouldn't say it's the best pizza by any stretch, but you know all that going into it.
I mean when you're a stranger in a very strange land, sometimes you just call the number on your hotel room swipe card!!
Dominos is kinda the fast-food of pizza... a bit salty, but then you knew that...

Ordered a Pacific veggie pizza No Onions Please!
Sure enough ,there were onions on it.
Domino's has'nt changed, and their crust still sucks.
Try a little harder next time.
A pizza order can get much simpler than that.

When I was in college, I delivered food for like 3 different pizza / sandwich joints (whichever was busiest at the time).
I've never heard of a delivery place that charges for delivery not willing to bring the food up to your unit if you live at condo.
This is a standard service and there are tons of companies that will do it at my location, i see the drivers in the elevators all the time.
I work from home and i'm tied to my computer....can't run down all the time, not that i'm lazy...
In a crappy economy i guess somehow they have too much business and can't treck up 2-3 minutes in our elevators????
I mean their pizza sucks anyways, they can't go the extra mile?
I guess i'm missing something?
LOL

Bought online - pretty straight forward.
The tracker is cool because you know the status of your order.
Delivery guy was nice and conversational.
He actually may have liked his job!
Which says something about Dominos IMO...and FYI I gave 4 stars because the Marinara sauce pack was already open...no one's perfect!

Let's see.. their food is not very good.
I like to eat plain cheese pizza or with pepperoni at the most.
All their sausage meats are horribly salty which sucks so pepperoni pizza is very difficult for me to eat.
It really helps to add veggies on it.
Their new chicken advertised on TV was so gross.
It has an odd odor and once you take a bite of that round nugget a bunch of oily gelatin comes out.
The kickers are a lot better.
They could also try training their drivers to hold the pizza correctly so that the toppings are still on the crust and not on the box.
I thought the CEO didn't want to see any more bad pictures of their pizzas when we send them in.
Why can't my friends stop insisting that we eat here?
LOL

I received an email for a free Artisan pizza so I had to try it out.
Generally I used to hate Domino's pizza so hard because of the overwhelming salty taste.
I came to figure that their pizza is actually alright if you stick with vegetables and cheeses.
If you must get meat, make sure it's with some veggies or don't get pepperoni by itself so it's not that bad.
I redeemed my coupon and opted for the Spinach & Feta.
It only takes 10-15 mins to be ready for pickup.
This "artisan" pizza dough is oval shaped and still the same recipe as handtossed.
It doesnt come with garlic butter brushed on the crust.
So this whole artisan thing is just a phony marketing gimmick.
The flavor was actually very good.
This was the first pizza I actually LIKE and i am WILLING to order it again in the future and pay the full $7.99 for it.
Feta cheese was always my favorite cheese since ever so that's probably one reason I really enjoy the taste.
As for the size I would say thay it is smaller than a large but bigger than a medium.
It was also way uglier and uneven, leaving some parts mushy or extremely crispy but somehow it was still pleasant.
With the extra cheeses on this pizza (I think it has 3 total- mozz, feta, parmesan) it's more filling than most, if not all their pizzas.
They are quite skimpy with their cheeses, so I dont think ordering extra chees does anything at all  I bumped my review to 4 stars because I can finally enjoy my pizza and now I don't have to keep wishing that they were a Papa Johns instead.
I share the same block with this location so it's a big deal to me to actually enjoy something from DOMINOS for once.
I still hate the other 95% of their entire menu though.

They screwed up my order.
I went to pick it up after the time they told me of 10 minutes and sat there for 20 minutes only to find out they completely left out a pizza and charged me $16 for a SMALL pizza.
Nice reminder of why I never go to domino's.

Dominos is usually ok, but this is the worst Dominos by far.
Sure, given that we ordered on December 31 at like 8 something at night, but they really don't have to rush the hell out of our order and have raw dough?!?!!
Geez - we had two regular crust pizzas and they were both undone, but we were so hungry and ready to go out that we didn't say anything about it.
I'm pretty sure they should be able to tell that their pizzas are not done.
We also got a thin crust pizza, which was pretty good and definitely done.
But I would never order pizza from here again.

Less a location review, more a 'Domino's is the worst pizza ever' review.
Seriously though, it is.
Every two years or so, I get lazy enough into ordering this crud.
This time around it was: 'There's a coupon!
' 'It's new Brooklyn Style!
' & 'They changed the sauce!
'  Ordering online is easy.
The tracker (which has annoying sfx) stops you from wondering where the 'za is.
But ultimately, when it comes to your door, it still STINKS.
Without a coup, this Brooklyn style, pacific veggie pizza was to run $17.
By Brooklyn style, they mean 'we'll cut less slices so it seems bigger!
' Otherwise, it was the same undercooked mealy crust as always.
By pacific veggie, they mean 'we'll throw our usual 5-6 veggies that we always use on it'.
And that new sauce?
Tastes exactly the same as the old one.
Boo.
My fault for ordering it.
If you're reading this, don't make the same mistake I did.

Worst Dominos EVER.
If all Dominos were run like this it would be out of business in a week.
Ordered a pizza and ONE HOUR LATER they call me to say they don't have change for $100 - even though I ALREADY PAID FOR IT ON A CREDIT CARD.
Never doing business with Dominos again after this disappointing experience.
If you are in Vegas and want pizza I suggest Metro Pizza instead - at least when you pay for a pizza they actually bring it

okay i called and orderd but when i gave them my adress they said that we dont deliver there i was like really your down the street wtf !!
sorry u lost my bussiness !

This store sucks.
We ordered a two pizzas, and I was watching their tracker system for it.
It sat in the "Quality Check" area FOR 20 MINUETS!
I KNEW when it arrived it would be cold.
An HOUR after I placed the order it got to my door, ice cold.
I gave it back to the driver, she didn't know what to make of the situation and left.
She also forgot my soda.
Wasted an hour of our night.
This is the worst store ever.
MAYBE every 1 in 7 times, it's good, but I get so frustrated that they can't be consistent.
I guess they are consistently bad.
Save your time and money, DO NOT order from this location.
I'm sick that it isn't run better, they need to have a DM come in or something and train them how to make a pizza and drive it in a car to a house while it's still hot.
ETA:  Might as well rant about the other failures I've had with this store.
Driver forgot our soda, had to go to 7-11 to get one for us.
Another time we got a 2 liter, it was room temp....gross.
Wrong pizza in the box with the right info on it.
Underdone crusts.
Hardly any cheese when it was supposed to be "extra cheese" Whole topping sliding off the pizza.
Crackhead delivery driver around lunch time.
Horrible customer service with any of these issues.

Never had an issue.
Pizza is good for a quick dinner.
Delivery is fast, never cold.
Friendly and clean staff.

Horrible place!!
The man hung up on us mid order saying hurry up I don't have all night!
Well guess what.
No one is in a hurry to order dominoes lmfao!!!
It's food you order when nothing else is available.
Like what we tried.
LOL!
Sorry u hate your life but good night Bahahaha wish I could rate less than zero.

Don't use this dominos.
They are charging 1.35 for Parmesan cheese.
And they claim to have no napkins.
Please note that I was not asking for extra.
I was asking for 1.
The white guy that left as I was walking didn't seem to have a problem

