Absolutely ridiculous.
They may not charge much, but you get what you pay for.
A year or so ago, my boyfriend and I hired these people to move us from Summerlin to Anthem.
Two guys showed up quite late, and very roughly loaded our things into their truck.
Despite being given very specific instructions on how to get to the new place, they dawdled around and wasted time, because they knew they were being paid by the hour.
I did not have cash on me at the time, 3/4 of the way through unloading things from the truck I went to get cash from the ATM to give them a bit of a tip, since they were at least doing the lifting and such.
I also got them a starbucks.
When I got back, it wasn't even the end of the time I had paid for, and they handed me a receipt claiming they went over the time and that they wanted to bill me extra for it.
By this point they already had their tip in their hands (20 dollars per guy for less than 3 hours work is pretty generous imho)...
I told them I would not be paying them extra for the time they wasted...
They left after telling me to sign a receipt.
They did not tell me however that the slip was also claiming that everything was in good working order, the same as I had given it to them.
They had apparently broken my bf's desk while I was getting their tip, broke the shelf clean off the desk, and gently placed it back to look like it wasn't damaged.
We didn't find this out until they were long gone.
When I called the company the next morning, they bitched at me about signing the form without checking whether everything was working.
I informed them their employee lied as to what was being signed, and they just said "Oh.".
No offer to pay for the damaged desk or anything.
Would never recommend to anyone.

I think I got pretty lucky with these guys.
Here is what they offer- the basic service is $99 per hour for two guys and a moving truck.
There is a 2 hour minimum.
I was doing a local move and had an emergency come up that required me to postpone my move on rather short notice.
The man I spoke with, Mark, was very accommodating and I was able to reschedule for the new date I needed without any problem.
The two men that showed up to move me (I think their names were Jarrett and Kevin) were both very courteous and professional.
I felt they were reasonably careful with my furniture and kept up a good pace.
Considering that I was moving to an upstairs apartment and it was about 104 degrees outside,  I don't think they could have gone any quicker.
Since this company does offer budget moving, keep in mind that their insurance is very limited.
The bigger moving companies (United, Mayflower, etc.
) will offer you different options for an additional cost.
This allows you to choose replacement cost coverage on anything that is broken.
With Cheep Cheep, their insurance only pays a set price per pound.
So if they break your big heavy entertainment center, you may get a decent refund, but if they drop your laptop, you may only get a dollar or two.
Also, they don't give you a true estimate ahead of time.
They will give you a quote over the phone, but without seeing how much stuff you have for themselves, it is a very rough guess.
I knew what I was getting into and feel very pleased with the results and my bill.
I also discovered this great link to the Better Business Bureau website that lists how many complaints have been filed against various local moving companies.
http://southernnevada.bbb.org/bbb_acc_rpt_s.asp?bbbid=51235&rmode=satmbr

These guys are great!
I've used them twice to move and each time the guys have been friendly and professional.
The first time I moved it was the hottest day of the summer and the guys had to haul furniture to my 2nd floor apartment in the direct hot afternoon sun.
They were so helpful and even helped set up furniture.
They moved me out of my old place and into my new place that was about 3 miles away in less than 2 hours!!
This last time I was moving out of state so they were just packing a truck I had rented on my own.
They showed up with 3 guys but only charged me for 2.
One of the guys was the same guy who had helped me move in 2.5 years earlier.
When they first arrived they said there was no way all my furniture was going to fit in my 16' truck... but they made it all work!
They utilized every inch of space in the truck and there ended up being about 3' of space left.
They did a great job with making sure all my furniture was protected with blankets I'd rented and wrapping my couch in plastic I provided.
I was totally happy with the work these guys did and would definitely hire them again!

I had used Cheep Cheep four times previously and the movers had shown up on time, handled my things with care, and were completely professional.
Apparently, the company has changed.
I scheduled Cheep Cheep to come move my stuff (things they had moved previously) to a new place, as I had divorced my husband and needed to get my things out of the house and into my new place.
They were aware we were on a time crunch, as my husband is known to be violent, and that we had to get to the house by a certain time.
They showed up an hour late... and didn't answer my many calls to let me know what was going on, and didn't call me to let me know either.
They sent a third man at their expense to cover the hour of being late.
Okay.
Cool.
However, the three men didn't really care much at all about my things... and kept telling me not to worry, but they marred up both houses on their ways in and out, completely ruined the doors and handles of my brand new $3000 LG Refrigerator, and took literal CHUNKS out of my ANTIQUE wood bedroom set, as well as broke a piece to my bed, which I had to go to Lowes later that day to try to make a new one so I could USE my bed.
I even had to tell the mover they sent as an "extra man for my trouble" not to get an attitude with me when I saw him treating my new LG Washer and Dryer like crap, and called him out on it.... and he decided to mouth off to me.
I have pictures of all of my things before the move, and they were still very controlling on what was written on the service record, trying to take little blame for the care they did not take.
In fact, they refused to move the refrigerator into the spot, and left it in the middle of my living room because they said it wouldn't fit through the hall into my kitchen.
Which in reality, they were just too lazy to do... but since I needed to plug it in and put my food in it, I had to call my SENIOR CITIZEN father to come help me... and he got it in there just fine... something THREE YOUNGER, STRONGER men refused to do because it took a little too much effort.
I saw them take several smoke breaks on my dime, and all the office told me when I told them was "well, we sent the third man for your trouble and gave you five extra minutes, so they are ALLOWED a smoke break".
REALLY????
I was in contact with them multiple times throughout the day because my ex-husband called me to yell at me about the gouges in the walls at the house, and so I continued to call the office to let them know what the movers were doing--or not doing.
I called about all the damage that day, the day after, the day after that, and the day after that--always being promised a call by the "lady that actually handles the claims, who is not in the office"... and then a week later, when I called again, I was told, "Look, the guy who goes and repairs things is busy, so don't expect a call anytime soon.
"  I just called and left a message... and as I was writing this review, WHO KNEW, a lady called me back.
Said "you should have called the day of or day after, we do not accept claims this far out".... really?
So I explained to her how many times I DID call, and that I was going to go to the BBB about this... so she is going to look into it and give me a call in the morning.
Sure hope she does, and makes me a happy camper.... cause I have NO PROBLEM going to the BBB and EVERY MAJOR NEWS CHANNEL to talk about how crappy their service is and how they don't fix what they ruin....  As it is, I have so much damage to my front door, my refrigerator, my bedroom set, and walls all over my home... walls you can tell were not damaged before, because the fresh paint that was on the walls is now ruined.
I'll edit my review when the lady calls me back tomorrow, and let you know how she decides to deal with these issues.

Said she would call the next morning.
Haven't heard from her yet.

My wife and I were recently faced with a last minute call for help with our move and based on reviews we called Cheep Cheep.
We were able to get a truck and two man crew on the day needed.
As the scheduled day arrived, Mark and Rick arrived on time and went immediately to work.
Both young men worked nonstop and took every precaution to protect our belongings.
The conditions during the move, extreme heat, would have caused many to slow down but these kept working and were very pleasant.
The job was finished quickly with no damage and the cost was very reasonable.
Thanks to Mark and Rick and I recommend this company!

Let me start by saying the guys what moved us were great but the owner had the worst customer service in the world.
Rid coming from someone in the service industry.
The movers where on time and came with the right size truck.
When they came into the house they said I had more stuff than just a 2 person job and they were going to call and get 1-2 more guys.
When they went to the truck they found the back to be locked and the owner had the key with her.
After the movers having words with the lady I got on the phone to talk with her and she proceeded to tell me that I lied about all my stuff.
I told her 3 times over the 3 phone calls how much stuff I had.
She had even written it down on the estimate sheet I signed.
She was not very attentive to the customer.
She then told me that because the truck was locked I would have to reschedule my move or wait for and hour for her to get out there and I unlock the door.
I told her we needed to move and she needed to get out there to unlock the door.
She then told me that her guys could start moving my things and just set them behind the truck.
She wanted my things to be pit on the side of the road like garbage because her guys needed to do something.
I told her they can do that but I was not paying for that time they were moving my things until the first piece was on the truck.
She told me she would be there in 45 min.
U never received a follow up call to see if everything as ok or if I was happy with her service.
Well I will tell u only thing good about then ate the hard working guys the work about 12 hours a day with no days off because the owner is just greedy!

Best movers in Las Vegas!
I called last minute and they were able to accommodate me.
They also gave me a fantastic price.
I will definitely be using these guys again for my next move.
The customer service was excellent from beginning to end!
Call Cheep Cheep!

This was a tough one to rate, because I experienced very good service during the move, but everything after has been a challenge.
Let me start by saying everyone is very nice...  from the woman that answers the phone to the guys that did the move.
The move itself was a 4.5 star experience.
They guys were two hours late, but the woman at the office kept me in the loop as to where the guys were and when they would arrive.
I dont have a ton of stuff so the move was pretty quick and easy.
They were very careful with my items and there wasn't a scratch on anything or the walls in either house.
When they were done my bill was a reasonable $321.50.
I gave the guys my credit card for payment, a $20 tip for each mover and I was set.
This was on March 19th.
Now, here's where the 1 star experience starts:  On March 21st, I received a text message that my card was charged for $3,231.50.
Whoa!
Two minutes later a charge for the correct amount $321.50 happened.
A total of $3553.00 on my card.
I called them and they said they entered the wrong amount the first time.
Okay, refund it.
The said they would not accept the charge when it was submitted that evening and the first charge would go back to my card.
It was just pending, not an actual charge.
Okay, sounds reasonable.
I gave it two days and called the bank.
The bank said that both charges were batched and processed by Cheep Cheep and I needed them to issue a refund back to the card.
I called Cheep Cheep on Saturday Mar 22nd and they said they would call their bank and call me back.
They didn't call me back.
I called on Monday Mar 24th and they said they spoke to their bank and the charge was never processed.
I called my bank and the bank said the opposite.
I called Cheep Cheep again on Mar 25th and the guy I spoke with said he would have to call back because he wasn't in the office and not in front of the computer.
He did not call me back.
I called again on Mar 27th and he finally admitted that the charge was processed, not just pending and that he would refund it today.
Problem, he could not refund the full amount today, he could only refund $3000 and the remainder of $231.50 the following day.
Finally on Mar 28th I saw the first refund.
$3000.
Hooray.
Guess what?
The remainder was not refunded the next day.
I have left a message for them twice this week and as of today, Apr 4th the $231.50 has not been refunded.
$231.50 isn't a huge amount, like the $3k, but it's my money and it should not be this hard to get it back.
I'm so completely frustrated at this point.
This would have been a 4 or 5 star rating if all this didn't happen after the move.
I'm moving a number of items from a storage unit in Summerlin to my new house at the end of the month and I would no doubt use them again if this didn't happen.
As crazy as it sounds, I may give them another shot though, because the movers are really good.
I guess I'll just pay in cash and I obviously won't use them if the remaining amount isn't in my account on Monday.
We'll see.
*****Update*****  Still can't get anybody to call me back.
I disputed the charge through my credit card for the remaining amount.
I will obviously never use these guys again.

