Want funky clothes on a limited budget?
This is the place to go.
To those who have been to Buffalo Exchanges throughout the west coast:  This location is particularly special because 1) it's huge and 2) it gets a supply of truly unique clothing, including very fancy party dresses, and some of the old costumes used in Vegas shows.
Would definitely recommend to Las Vegans and tourists alike.

Of course I have things from Buffalo Exchange in my closet.
I'm awesome, I'm edgy, I'm kinda hip - that's where awesome, edgy, hip kids shop, right?
Something like that?
This location of Buffalo Exchange is pretty good as far as Buffalo Exchanges go.
Unlike some other cities' locations I've been in, there's a lot of stuff, but there's also a lot of ROOM by the stuff so while you're looking for that awesome vintage tee to complete your collection you're not rubbing up against some old, stinky Hur coat.
It's big big big, but sometimes it feels that with all that space to fill the buyers might be a little less choosy.
A used, plain Old Navy t-shirt?
For $6.00?
Really?
No, thanks.
Their selection of new clothes from independent clothiers is pretty awesome and I've found some incredible, unique pieces in that vein.
However, they do tend to be quite pricey.
(But that tends to be the price to pay when you're buying stuff not made by children getting paid 3 cents an hour to make it - a price I'm willing to pay.
)  I've broken my 'no used shoes - ever!
' rule a couple of times here because, seriously, there were some pairs that I wouldn't have passed up even if Frodo had owned them.
There are good finds to be found here, but they are literally few and far between.
If you're into shopping for shopping's sake, it's a nice place to browse, but it can be hard to find something just right that's priced fairly.

I like this place.
I bring my stuff that I don't wear anymore all the time because I'm like a girl - with a lot of clothes and no closet space.
So I bring great stuff a few times a year.
Sure you get credit to buy more clothes.
But I have a problem....There's small, medium, large, and asian large.
WTF.
Everything XL is wee wee....So yea.
I'm too big.
Putting some of these clothes on makes me feel like Bruce Banner after a hulk headache.
They definitely have different things.
Some stuff is overpriced for a thrift shop.
Believe me - I know my prices.
But you do find some great treasures in here....IF THEY FIT!

There's like a distorted price scale here.
Like the things that should be cheap are a little expensive and the things that should be expensive are pretty friggin' cheap.
A&F tanks are pretty close to original price.
But I bought a pair of G-Star jeans for $30 (retail +$100) and a pair of Miss Sixty's for $25 (retail +$100).
Bonus points for thrift stores that don't smell like homeless people.
My bf's motto is "I haven't bought a new pair of jeans in years" because of the Buffalo Exchange.
My motto is "Seriously, I can't spend more than $100 here today.
" And then later in the day, my motto is "Fuck.
Everything here is cute.
"  * off the strip, non-casino

I love this place!
I've been to many Buffalo Exchanges around the country, and this one, by far is the largest with the best selection.
In fact, it is often frequented by "more unique" tourists.
I love the proximity to UNLV, it adds to college life.
I love the selection here.
I agree, that prices are not always as low as Goodwill, but then the selection is 10+ better!
In fact, Buffalo exchange won't retail anything run of the mill, such as Wallmart or Target brands etc.
It carries more unique, disigner styles as well as vintage stuff.
Buffalo Exchange does have sales and great deals.
I feel that there are styles for anyone here.
I have bought many a shirt and shoe here.
I do wish that the pant selection was a bit larger, especially for 11 to 13 sizes, but other that that this is a perfect, stylish second hand shop.
I certainly love it.

Not a vintage store, but a decent used clothing store.
Where else in Vegas can you find an Emanuel Ungaro top w/ tags for $8?
They will happily buy your junk for a few bucks, or a few more bucks if you accept a store credit (hole and stain free, of course).
Also, remember to BYOB (bring your own bag), lest you meet the judgmental narrowed gazes of the pseudo-hipsters that work here.

This is the best Buffalo Exchange I've been to.
Wide selection, great prices.
Los Angeles can suck it.
I'd go back to Vegas just for this place.
Well, and because I can walk down the street with a daiquiri, but thats beside the point.

i walked out today with two pairs of jeans for $24.51  i have had denim issues for awhile.
in fact i hate buying jeans because if you're not in the right store you're wasting your time.
but buffalo exchange is perfect because i can try on so many different brands at once in my size.
i'm not really fond of their tops though.
and i think it kinda smells.

This Buffalo Exchange is one of the better ones that I have been to.
I'm a denim freak and love jeans, so this is the place I go to find a deal.
I prefer the San Diego BufEx in PB because they have higher end denim at great quality.
The staff is courteous, always willing to help every time I go there.
Selling can be tricky there though.
Just make sure your items are in gently-used condition, and brand name; the buyers there mainly look at the tags.

The Buffalo Exchange in Hillcrest ( San Diego) is my one of my favorite stores near home.
And as much as I like it there, I am gonna go out on a limb and say that this Buffalo Exchange is... better!
There were plenty of helpful employees walking the floor readily available to help you sort through some jackets or start a fitting room if need be.
I found the selection very impressive.
And organized, nonetheless.
The prices were right in line with normal Buffalo Exchange prices.
I walked out with five items and was very satisfied with my trip there, even if it did require me to take a taxi since it's off the strip.
If you're a Buffalo Exchange fan and are in Vegas, stop by.

I'm not really into thrift stores but Buffalo Exchange nearly changes my mind.
I had tons of clothes to sell and they bought a good chunk of it.
I also scored some blue Vans that were in really good condition.
Good luck trying to look for clothing decent to wear, their women's selection is blah and bit overpriced for used clothing.
Just like lots of thrift stores, you just have to be lucky and go on a good day to find something good.

I would never buy clothes here but I did try to bring 25 new jerseys here and they said they couldnt take them because they would just get stolen.
I paid $100 each and they offered $0.
They have one knock-off for $35 on the rack.
Not my cup of tea.

Skinny chicks always make out like bandits in thrift shops, and the Vegas Buffalo Exchange is no exception.
They always have tons of great stuff for size 0-2, XS, shoe size 6-7.
Sometimes it pays to stop growing at age 13.
I heard that a lot of the clothes in this particular Buffalo Exchange are overflow from the LA stores, and given the merch's general trendiness and label consciousness I believe it.
I've found everything from Ralph Lauren jackets to Betsy Johnson party dresses, and so many Michael Stars tops I started to think they were an exclusive dealer.
Every time I have a longish layover in LV I stop at Buffalo Exchange, and I've never left empty handed!

Everytime i'm here i seem to find things that amaze me.
Yeah it's college style clothing but this isn't the goodwill folks!
Last time i was there i had a major shopping spree of cheapness and i was helped with the items, with choices with over all niceness.
It was great.
I like this place because of how culturally different every one is.
Hell i actually brought my from the middle of now where mother who i think still lives in a bubble and she even found items she liked.
:) Oh and i'm a person who doesn't like bags and they are pretty environmentally conscious.

This is a really good used clothing store.
The floor plan is quite large for both sexes.
Providing ample space to browse and shop.
I found a pair of hand crafted, leather, Mezlan shoes for $18!
Florsheim loafers for $17!
They have a good selection tees, pants, jackets, shirts, and outwear for dudes.
Not sure about the ladies.
They're a bit picky when you sell.
You have to make sure it's stain and hole free, and current to retail trends.
Duh.
For the most part, their prices are reasonable and service is friendly.

I took in a large garbage bag full of clothes and brand new skiing outfit.
They didn't purchase anything.
The majority of the stuff I took in was in good conditon, classic style, and name brand stuff.
I even had a dress with the tags still attached.
I asked why they didn't buy anything and the buyer in training said that the condition they were in and the style wasn't what they were looking for.
I saw some of the clothes they did have and it was in worse condition than my stuff.

Pretty cool store, they have a awesome selection of guys shirts and jeans and from what I saw the chick section was even bigger.
I only buy from them because the deals are pretty good, I mean 12 bucks for a brand new name brand polo is a steal.
My roommate tried to sell a whole bunch of his clothes there and they took like maybe 3 or 4 things and gave him like 9 bucks, it was hilarious.
It is on the southeast corner of Maryland and Flamingo, there is also a couple pretty kick ass smoke shops in the same strip mall.

What can I say, this place is a dump.
Full of dumpy old jeans, and some cheap t shirts that you can find at a goodwill store much much much cheaper, and friendlier than these folks (kiddy sales people), these people are very rude, arrogant, and just plain don't care, and don't know what quality clothing is.
If you don't believe me, just read some of the reviews on this store, they all have the same experiences.
Bottom line, if you want to deal with bad attitude, and if you're not a very skinny, person in your very early 20's, then forget about buying, or selling in this store.

This place has terrible "customer service" practices.
An employee was really rude to me, so I asked to speak with a manager to let them know how people where being treated.
The response was that the manager didn't appreciate me complaining about the employees and I was told to never come back, AFTER i had spent $500 and guess what... NO REFUNDS!!!

it was....ok i like the one in san diego's hillcrest much better the selection wasnt very unique.
mostly all the same cookie cutted clothing that you could get from pacsun or somewhere like that.

I have always been a fan of Buffalo Exchange, with locations all around the US, including my hometown of Austin, Texas.
I've lived in Las Vegas long enough to watch this particular location grow from a small, stuffy space to the sprawled out store it is today.
For me, shopping at Buffalo Exchange is like treasure hunting.
And, I always walk away with at least one treasure.
I'm a label addict.
So for me, Buffalo Exchange is a must.
It's how I got my Prada sunglasses and my Fendi kitten heels.
Selling clothes at Buffalo Exchange is hit or miss.
I've never had a bad experience doing so, and I always leave satisfied with the store credit I receive in exchange for my gently used fashion.
However, I have personally witnessed incidents where others did not fare as well.
Nonetheless, I always enjoy chit chatting with the sales associates who are often quite fashion inspiring themselves and scouring the racks for my perfect treasures.
Prices are impressive, and it's amazing how much your dollar will stretch at Buffalo Exchange.
Plus, you're doing something good for the environment by purchasing recycled clothing, shoes and accessories.
If you use your own reusable bag to shop and forgo the offered shopping bag, Buffalo Exchange donates five cents to one of three charities.
And you get to decide which.

Do you like overpaying for grody shoes that a hobo has worn for 8 years?
Do you enjoy rubbing elbows with crusty hipster kids?
Do you enjoy paying double the price of thrift store clothing, for clothes that most shelters would turn down?
Come on over to Buffalo Exchange...

Looking for vintage or brand name clothing and don't mind used or slightly worn?
You should stop by this place and check it out.
They have everything from Gucci to Alexander McQueen, so it's worth coming in just to browse or sell.
Great place to sell your brand name clothing, purses, wallets, shoes, hats, etc.
I found this place on Google when I wanted to sell my clothes (I was spring cleaning).
I recently brought my purses there and received a low but fair price for two out of ten purses I brought in.
They are very picky with everything including shoes and clothes.
They have two options: cash or trade, and it's up to you when you get to the cashier which way you want to go.
I ended up trading today for a Coach wallet to match my brand new purse.
The first time I came in I traded for a slightly used Coach bag, too, only paying 10 bucks out of pocket and I traded 4 blouses for it.
I'll probably continue doing business with them when it's time to clean the closet.
Instead of donating most of it, I can make some cash back even if it's a small amount.
Try it out--you never know how much you can make from cleaning your closet!

*siiiigh*  I have a love/hate relationship with this place.
lol  I LOVE to shop here because there are some decently priced name brand stuff.
I've gotten GREAT American Apparel finds here.....let's be honest, Amer Apparel prices are ridiculous for that plain tee or dress that you're buying.....then again, we all want their stuff for the sake of it being a name brand item.
CATCH 22 "/  Then, I HATE to sell my stuff because if you want cash, they give you 1/3 of what they'll sell it at...I sold my Dior bag there and got like $30 cash for it =( I know, SAD but, I needed cash and I wasn't using it anymore..so, I figure, it was for a good cause =( And by good cause, I mean, I-needed-the-cash-more!
lol And if you don't want cash and find some awesome finds, they give you store credit.
If you think about it, Buffalo Exchange is a vicious cycle of sell clothes, just to buy more clothes, just to sell it to them...HAAAA

All of my money goes to the Buffalo Exchange and UNLV, which are, very conveniently, right across the street from each other.
Unlike the first store I visited in Austin, the customers at this store are fairly unpredictable.
Maybe it's the time I visit, but I usually see older women shopping here, and I just can't figure out why.
It's obviously a trendy store geared towards college-aged people because they're all located near colleges and universities.
There's nothing inherently wrong with 60-year-old women shopping at whichever stores they choose, but I just can't understand the appeal of a store that sells, among other things, stripper shoes, rhinestone-studded jeans and short shorts.
Another notable difference from most other BEs (aside from perhaps the one in Manhattan) is the serious lack of unique, quirky items.
This one seems to be focused more on labels and less on fashion, which, if you're a fan of Betsey Johnson like me, can work in one's favor.
Just don't expect to find anything particularly interesting.
There is a small "vintage" section, mostly dresses, near the dressing rooms.
For whatever reason, this section was eliminated at the Austin store, so I'm happy to see that it's alive and well in this one.
All in all, a Buffalo Exchange is a Buffalo Exchange, and they're all great!

I've been shopping at these buy-sell-trade stores in California, since I was 18- so when this one finally opened up in the mid-1990's, I was elated.
Since it's close to UNLV, there is a ready made customer base.
When I was in college, I was very into vintage clothing.
Now, that I've joined the ranks of the rat race, I've got a simpler style- dresses for work, beach brands for our annual vacation in Hawaii, and weekend wear is usually stuff that is classic and less trendy.
I love my striped tops and aloha wear.
Don't get me wrong, I still wear my docs in the winter time, with my jeans and sweaters.
I have a less flashy and trendy these days but I'm happy with my style.
I've never been a "must shop at the mall at any given moment" type person.
Yes, I shop there, but not all the time.
My parents took me to all the second hand shops when I was little, so why would I turn my nose at that?
(I don't understand why some people are so turned off by these stores, either.
Obviously, I am not a snobby person.
) I've always found unique things at second hand stores like Goodwill & Salvation Army.
But this store is my favorite.
Sometimes when you sell, the sales people are really picky- don't take offense, they're looking for high end labels at great condition (or the price drops for less than perfect items) and unique pieces that will attract their customers.
You get a higher value if you trade.
But I suppose times are so hard, people are selling more often than trading.
So, this may be the other reason that they buyers pass on your stuff.
(They might tell you that their inventory is busting at the seams.
) I see every type of customer here- older ladies searching for high end labels (they look like they can afford more), younger people searching for trends, and people my age- in their '30s, just browsing, trying to find items that they like.
I see punk rockers, career types, and mommies.
Anyway, if you sell, and they buy from you, show them your ID, they write up a ticket for you to redeem at check out.
It's a good size store, and besides men's & women's clothing, there is accessories, like shades, scarves, jewelry, bags, wallets, and shoes.
Whenever we go out of town, we usually go to this store, if the city has one, and I usually find something that I like.
It's a great way to recycle- which I've been doing since I was a teenager, and getting a great deal on high end labels (of course, you pay higher prices on really high end stuff, but it's still better than full price/retail) and unique pieces.

Buffalo Exchange is probably my favorite second-hand shop in Las Vegas.
The prices are great, especially on vintage, which I have rarely seen for over $20.
You can usually find some pretty great designer and high street stuff, too, and since the buyers are so picky, you're pretty much guaranteed it'll be in great condition.
The vintage section is a little small, but they get new stuff in all the time.
For those who are grossed out by used clothing (Which I never understood--what's the worse that could have happened in a piece of used clothing?
Someone farted in it?
), they also have new merchandise--stuff that other stores need to get rid of.
Again, it's usually pretty good, and for pretty cheap.
Of course, the way they keep those prices so low is by buying the merchandise for practically nothing.
I don't sell anything here unless I dislike it so much that my only other option is giving it away--otherwise, it's just not worth the $8 store credit.

I wouldn't sell my clothes here again.
It's always disappointing and with a decent camera you could get better money for your goods on eBay.
Shopping here can be fun, but it's a store where you have to really spend your time searching for something that's both appealing and the right size.
I've had decent luck, finding a nice pair of sunglasses for $4.50 when my last pair broke, as well as several cute shirts, including an American Apparel tank for $10.
The retail price for most of AA's items is a bit much, so I was happy to find that.
They have a large section of men's clothing to the left with the women's to the right.
Don't trip on the stairs as you're oogling the nearby shoes!
Some are really cute, but it's not always easy to find the right size.
Essentially, it's a trendier cousin to a Ross store.
It's a little bit nicer on the inside, but the parking lot is awkward.
It's in the same shopping center as Cash 4 Chaos and a Long John Silver's restaurant.

They've only taken stuff from me once.
But I've found some really good deals in here.
Look very deeply through the junk, and you'll find some treasure.
And I'm not talking treasure in junk by Ross or Marshalls standards.
I've seen OG pairs of Jordans on the shelf from time to time for under $50.
I also found the freshest pair of Timberlands ever for $30.
The key to this place is to check frequently.
It may seem like a garage sale/swap meet the first time you walk in and you may also be a bit put off by how it seems rather overpriced for a store of it's kind along with the hipster clientele, but don't let that deceive you, great stuff can be found if you search hard enough.

Everytime I come here I end up buying something.
They have a great selection and are always getting new stuff in.
I sold some of my things here once but its really not worth it for me.
I always come back here when I need something unique for a night out or just have cash burning a hole in my pocket.
I love this store!

I don't care what anyone says- Buffalo Exchange is near and dear to my heart.
Whenever I have an itch to buy something vintage designer, I go there.
I have found so many designer pieces here for cheap in the past (and near present), in good condition- previous finds were a pink Dior wallet ($50!
), a YSL Rive Gauche Satchel ($450), an Alexander McQueen scarf ($20!
), a vintage Gucci crossbody bag ($20), tons of Fornarina and kitschy vintage tops and dresses.
Mind you, I have had to dig and really look thru some racks- but I can honestly say I love this store.
I have been to other Buffalo Exchange stores in California and they did not have anywhere near the selection the Las Vegas store has.
Maybe it's because people have gambling and/or substance abuse issues here and they like to hawk their designer duds.
I don't know?
It's mind boggling.

Buffalo Exchange is close by for me, so it's convenient to just browse and not buy anything.
I think it's cool that they are close by the University and are actually as spacious as they are.
I am a terrible shopper, and even worse with second hand stores.
I can spend hours wandering without finding anything, so the fact that I feel it's more spacious keeps me trying.
The selection for women is varied, with some things you would buy to wear at Burning Man, some European and designer labels, and mostly just trendy, cheap clothes.
There are a couple things I have picked up and wondered about pricing on, but the majority of it is fairly priced and in good condition.
A couple of the shoes and purses looked fun, but I really got stuck at the jackets and dresses section.
They have a good selection of different styles.
I've never tried to sell anything to Buffalo, just reviewing the store selection.

Been to a couple locations, and this is my favorite!
Their selection is unique and full of color (probably because it's in Vegas, haha).
They had tons of great shoes and clothes.
I happened to stroll in around Halloween time, and they had an amazing selection of costumes!
I got SUPER lucky an grabbed a sassy bride-of-Frankenstein costume for less than $15!
I also got a kick-ass pair of Roca-Wear jeans for $13 (normally they were $75, SCORE!).
I could easily put together an entire wardrobe in this place and save lots of $$$.
Much love Buffalo Exchange of LV :D

I have to give it 5 stars since I came in looking for something specific for Halloween and they had it.
Even in the color I wanted.
I am stoked.
Another great visit!

I LOVE hitting up the nearest Buffalo Exchange any place I go.
I've been to them in Austin, Houston, L.A., San Antonio, well, pretty much any city I go to that has one I make sure to make a trip.
I love the consistency!
This one was a good find, also (like always!).
It amazes me how the same type of person works at them, also.
There's not a variety of people - they're pretty much cookie cutter!
Lol...Either way - the store is always cleaned/organized, the clothes are great and the prices are even better.
This store gets 2 thumbs up from me ;)

Oh, Las Vegas Buffalo Exchange!
How happy I was to return to you after a weekend of finding nothing in three LA area BEs!
I might mention that this store is GIANT compared to most BEs.
No matter how busy, there is always space to navigate and no need to fight over fitting rooms.
I wouldn't know what the busy hours are (probably on the weekends when I stay as FAR from the Strip as possible--I'm a local, what can I say?
) but anytime I go on weekdays, it's easy breezy.
A few items I've picked up recently: Diesel fashion sneakers for $9, an Ann Taylor Loft cardigan with sparkly buttons for $15, a Kimchi & Blue dress for about $25, a silk Betsey Johnson dress for $30 (still had the $300 tag on it--sticker shock, much?
) My mom also found a gently used Coach wallet for $25.
There is always new stuff, even when I go in twice in one week.
Um, not that I do that a lot.
Maybe once in a while.
I can't help it--my college is right across the street!
All in all, this is turning into one of the best BEs around.
If they could pick up more higher end labels, they'd be in the running to beat the NYC stores.

I'm guessing this place will always be a hit or miss type of thing.
I'll admit I was pretty excited to check this place out after hearing great things about it so we specifically went to find it.
After reading some reviews saying that they were very picky about buying clothes I was expecting to find some really great pieces.
Alas there were some cute pieces but a lot of it I felt was a little overpriced for used clothing.
It's not like the items were in terrible shape or anything but I wouldnt spend money on something that I could probably find new at or around the same price somewhere else.
I did manage to find the cutest fur jacket amongst a pile of other faux fur items I had my eye on.
The jacket was only 25 dollars which I felt was a steal so I just couldn't pass it up.
It was colder than expected on my trip to Vegas so it was pretty much exactly what I needed.
My dad found a great leather jacket at a reasonable price also.
I didn't note anything special in the dresses or tops section but like I said, its a hit or miss sort of thing and you just have to be willing to search for your treasure.
Good luck!

Aren't we all looking for a place where we can sell our old clothes and get a little change for it?!
If this sounds like you, be prepared to be denied of most of the things you bring in.
If they do decide to buy your stuff from you, you get 50% store credit or 35% cash depending on what they price the items at!
I understand that they have to be picky though because they also have a business to run and cannot buy it all if they are not selling it also.
So keep that in mind!
On another note, if you are looking for cool vintage clothes bags and or accessories for a discounted price, this is the place to go in and shop!

I'm quite eco-conscious and therefore a big fan of reusing (especially barely or never worn) clothing items.
In other towns, I've nearly filled my wardrobe from these types of consignment shops.
Note: I have never tried to sell clothes here, only browsed.
I find the prices a bit steep for what it is, although I'm definitely willing to pay $30, even used, for perfectly fitting jeans.
However, I found the tastes of the buyers to be so hipster that it's often hard to translate the styles of much of what they sell to a style where I want the shirts to stay on my shoulders, I find American Apparel a little too extreme (really, those neon paintbrush stroke spandex tights I wore in the 80's are cool?
), and I don't want to have to enlist the jaws-of-life to remove my skinny jeans.
But, if you're a fan of the "in" style, I'd say you're likely pretty happy with the selection.
I guess I'm just old and crochety.
The sales staff are as you'd expect from a college joint selling "cool" clothes, a little cool themselves.
I like the place, at least in theory, and will continue to browse here when convenient.

I came here to sell my high quality vintage clothes.
I showed up right when they opened so I didnt have to wait in line to sell.
I would recommend this to every one.
This store is close to UNLV so it can get pretty busy with students trying to sell their clothes.
Show up early!
The staff was nice and friendly and the process was pretty quick.
I showed up with 2 suitcases full of clothes and it took about 30 minutes from start to finish...they know what they are looking for!
The good news was that they bought most of my clothes.
I have not had the experience of shopping here, I think it is for a younger crowd , but if you are young and hip...I think you can find some great deals here...and perhaps something really cool and unique!

This used clothing boutique is located in the same shopping complex as Long John Silver at the corner of Flamingo and Maryland Prkwy.
I loved this store so much I went there twice during our 4-day trip to Las Vegas.
It's spacious, well organized, and the employees are friendly, efficient, and hip too!
Found Citizens for Humanity, Ed Hardy, and 7 For All Mankind jeans for $28-$40, but the best part was that they were the right length so no alterations necessary!
I also bought a bunch of sweaters since I didn't pack enough warm clothes.
My husband found Diesel and AG jeans, a Diesel shirt, and lots of brand new American Apparel t-shirts.
So what else do they have?
Belts, scarves, shoes, jackets, dresses, handbags, and vintage outfits too!
Shopping here is just so much fun.
It's really easy to go overboard.
Wish we had one of these in Honolulu.

Buffalo Exchange is like a indoor yard sale ran by über-hipster university kids... Only the merchandise is a little less beat down then what you would find at a yard sale and I am pretty sure they take plastic.
I have never tried to sell items at this location... Back when I lived in Tucson, Arizona and was trendier I would try to sell items to the local BE and was always disappointed with what they were willing to take, and the credit they would give me for it.
So I just donate my used clothing now...
If you do plan on selling, just remember, they are only going to buy things they know will sell.
So if you no longer want an item because it's out of style, faded, whatever.... chances are they won't either!
Shopping here can be a bit hit or miss... Make sure you allow yourself ample time to browse.
Sometimes I will find absolutely nothing that catches me eye let alone warrants a try on... Other times I find amazing deals on great brand name, slightly worn items.
Like gorgeous leopard print pumps for $20 that I have seen in the mall for $120.
A tip: When you check out, you will be asked if you want a bag or a token.
If you take the token, you can then select a box for one of three charities to put your token in... And then Buffalo Exchange donates to that charity.

This place is home of the awesometastic.
(I knew you were looking for it)  Find all of your used/retro/glory here and leave a happy person.

Music is good as you enter, SUPER friendly staff, and always finding something cool here.
I like the fact that you can give up your bag to donate to a charity of choice.
Good place, good people....

Simple as it gets but don't expect to get as much as you bought it for when you trade in your clothes for cash.
You get about 20% more when you choose store credit over cash.
Be aware that this is a trendy, hipster kinda clothing store so they will be very picky with what they buy from you, so don't be coming in here expecting they will buy anything from you.
As for me, I like the style they choose to sell.
You can really find great deals here from expensive brands names such as American Apparel and Urban Outfitters but be sure to look for unseen damages or stain since they are used clothing.
They not only sell clothing but shoes and accessories as well.
Very cool employees that are always ready to help.
The fitting rooms don't provide the best privacy, so it's best you wear underwear incase you decide to try on some clothes.
You can donate clothes here too if you find your closet full of clothes that you don't wear anymore.
It's better than throwing it away knowing it will help clothe the less fortunate.
Overall this is cool for what its tryin' to be, a trendy slightly more expensive thrift clothing store.

When purchasing clothes, this place is a virtual haven for great finds, but I would not sell my used clothes here.
I came here with a friend when she was cleaning out her closet.
For three big bags, containing big name clothes and shoes, she received a meager amount of money.
Yet then they turn around and charge three or four times as much for it.
It is not because they sell it for a ridiculous price, the atrocity comes from how much they give for good quality items.
It is better to just donate your clothes to a charity that gives it straight to the people.
That way you can rake in some good karma.
Although I do not condone selling here, I am a fan of shopping here.
There is nothing more rewarding that to find the perfect pair of vintage jeans for less than ten bucks, or a chunky cardigan in an obscure color.
I know that my advice does not add up.
Without people selling to this place then how would I be able to buy?
Good thing not everyone heeds my advice, if they did, I would be looking to go into politics or becoming a cult leader.
It is better, for the world, that not everyone follow my lead.
Sometimes my own friends regret following me.

This place is nice cause they buy your used clothes and they have name brand clothes cheap.
It's a good deal if you don't want to hassle with ebay.

I love coming here on my lunch break or during a school break.
Its close, it's small, and it's simple.
Best part- VINTAGE clothing.
All kinds, and most of the time you're going to find expensive brand clothing for cheap- used of course.
And if the clothing, shoes, or accessories have been on the rack for awhile, if you ask, they'll knock off a couple bucks- FABO-LOUS!
As one of my fellow Yelpers put it : its an indoor yard sale for hipster-college kids.
Sometimes you'll find a really awesome deal- and others, a priced a bit too much for a used item.
Overall, I enjoy searching through the racks and finding a prized item- it's a therapeutic and satisfying experience.
PLUS the staff is super friendly.
I** have never traded clothing here so I don't know how the process works...**   I have to shed some light on the charity aspect of this store- After you purchase your item, the cashier will ask you if you would like a bag or charity coin/chip- if you decide to forfeit your bag, they'll give you a charity coin worth 5cents to donate to three charities where proceeds go to fund: vision, education, or food charities- Doesn't get any better than that!

I never leave Buffalo Exchange with something I don't love.
I usually go here for summer dresses or shoes.
Those are the two things I spend a majority of my "retail money" on.
I don't shop for jeans, slacks, shirts, etc.
here just because I do my t-shirt shopping online, and my professional clothes shopping at much "nicer" places.
But BE never does me wrong when I am on the prowl for summer dresses.
I recently went to find a dress for a friend's wedding and I was successful!
They have huge selection of Medium-sized dresses.
Always go through all the racks of your size - I'm serious!
Even if I find something I love I continue to go through the rest of the rack in case something else catches my eye.
Also, usually I can find two things I like equally, but one is less expensive, as was the case with the dress I found for my friend's wedding.
I have never come here to sell clothes, but you can do that as well.
I don't know how much they give or anything like that.
Typically I give my used clothes away to Goodwill or other such places so I'll probably never know.
If you have the time to go through the racks and you like the whole used/vintage thing then I definitely suggest checking out Buffalo Exchange.

I do like shopping here once and a while.
They do have some cool, hip, trendy finds, I will give them that.
But have you EVER tried to sell clothes here?
Do you WANT to get bitch slapped in the face?
Trust me, that would feel a whole lot better.
Just rude, rude, rude.
Practically everyone who works at the selling desk has major attitude...like they would rather eat a crap sandwich than wait on you.
They literally toss your stuff aside like it is a rag, and say, oh no...pass...no...no....and I had some pretty decent stuff....Juicy jeans, Bebe and BCBG shoes.
etc.
Not perfect by any means, but still on trend and decent.
And any price they offered on what I had that they didn't reject was so low I could cry.
And it sucks cause you just know they are gonna turn around and resell it for triple.
Peeved, I gathered up my rejected items and even the ones that they would bless me by buying, and walked out.
I thought, forget this noise!
The frustration on my face must have been evident, because a shopper on my way out suggested another store like BE, called Trend Traders, not too far away, on Tropicana.
So I drove over.
And they bought every SINGLE item that Buffalo rejected and offered more money to boot!
Take that BE!

I hate this place!
The clothes are too expensive, OLD, and smelly which really surprises me since they're SOOOO picky In buying or receiving trade ins.

This place is horribe.
The store manage/head buyer is one of the rudest ladies I have ever met.
She talks down to everyone and acts like she is queen of the nile.
This attitude is reflected in the entire staff.
Get over it.
I sold some stuff to the store and some other stuff I had donated.
Guess what they put my donations on sale!
I am currently seeing if I can sue them since they are the most dihonest group of rif raff in the city.
My suggestion is go to the other place Mustang Exchange I believe is the name.

The two words that come to my mind when I think of Buffalo Exchange are "hipster" and "over-priced".
I mean, you can find some pretty cool stuff here, very modern and trendy, but if I'm going to a thrift store, I'm obviously not trying to spend $30-$40 on a pair of jeans that other thrift stores offer for under $20.
I barely come here because of that.

Buffalo Exchange is one of the places that I have to shop whenever I visit Las Vegas.
When I lived in Vegas (way back when), Buffalo Exchange was the best place to buy fashionable clothing on the cheap.
In fact, I have more than one pair of shoes still in my collection that were purchased there.
So, on this most recent visit to the city, I made a bee-line for the shop and did not leave disappointed.
No shoes, sadly, but I did manage an armload of clothing that I'll be struggling to fit into my carry on luggage.

I find some of these reviews quite comical.
First Buffalo Exchange is NOT a thrift store it is a resale store.
A thrift store wont trade or buy clothing from you.
With that sad I live in Vegas and LOVE this place.
Of course it is hit or miss at times but I have found some wonderful items including high end designer handbags, shoes and clothing.
Their prices are fair.
The staff is wonderful, though within the last couple of months I have seen my FAVS leave.
Overall, this is a great store.
I have been to a few other Buffalo Exchanges in California and Chicago this one is by far the best!
A must if you are visiting Vegas.

"buy, sell, trade..."   i always thought that buffalo exchange was where everyone gets there really trendy vintage clothes, which is what it is.
but having to pay as much as you would if you were to go to a hole in the wall clothing store, isn't what you're asking for when going to a thrift/ "hand-me-down" store.
i went in intention to sell, i brought two bags.
1 garbage bag full jackets, dresses, and jeans, etc.
and 1 garbage bag of fairly worn shoes.
i waited an hour for them to check the 2 bags, only for them to take about 9 items.
from what i remember.. they took an obey wallet, levi jeans, lace dress, 2 floral print dresses, members only jacket, olive green jacket, & a grey sequence top.
it would have to be in good condition for potential buyers, because i remember hearing the employees fighting over a button missing or shoes being way worn out when in actuality they were only worn once.
this review is mainly targeting to what i feel the styles of what they are looking for to buy... i truly feel that the clothes they are looking for are not garage-sale item clothing (of course), but more of the lines of vintage hip-hop/ sportswear & urban outfitters style.
looking thru the racks of clothes, i noticed a lot of florals, prints, vintage sports wear, etc.
of the 9 items that they took from me, they decide what they can sell that particular item for and if you chose to get cash back, you would receive 35% of what they can sell that item for.
and if you agree to do a trade, you receive 50% of what they can sell that item for.
the gentleman that was selling 1 pair of guess jeans received about $9 for 1 pair of GUESS jeans.
they bought a vintage lacoste sweater (that i outgrew) from me that i only paid $3 for at savers, and when they were pricing the sweater, they were going to sell it for $25?
i definitely have to agree with other reviews that they OVERprice items when people are obviously are getting rid of them.

I have found a few great items here!
Like nice boots, fancy jackets, leather skirt, etc.
LOVE LOVE LOVE them!!!
Prices on most items are really good though a few of them I think are a tad high for a recycled clothing place.
You can find SOOO many designer stuff in mint condition for so cheap, so brand-new with tags still on.
Check it out!

Seriously...I love this place!!!
I mainly buy clothes here so I wouldn't know much about trading or selling so I'm just going off as a customer purchasing an item.
Today is THE day!
And Buffalo Exchange made my day!
I was so busy and stressing out to find a super awesome dress that yells HOLLYWOOD GLAMOUR.
Now, my style is so mediocre so I was completely lost in trying to figure out what's Hollywood and glamorous at the same time.
My eye captured this cute dress.
Now I'm not one to do a double take on anything or a man, but baby I did a double take on this dress like it was Ryan Reynolds on a hot summer day in July!
So I was hoping to find someone of good fashion sense to convince me that I needed to buy this dress.
I checked into the dressing room to try this dress on hoping that putting it on and seeing how it looks will further convince me that I needed to buy it.
It was awesome, but I told myself "how the fudge am I going to spice this dress up so it looks glamourous?
" I ran out the dressing room looking lost, and asked the nice attendant, Arielle, how could I put this together.
BAM!!!
Low and behold that Arielle was like some sort of fashion stylist guru!
She said, "Some high heeled pumps.
A little glitter.
Hair up with a nice bob and a smokey eye would look good.
" That wonderful wonderful woman sold me!!!
If you need some advice or a few fashion tips for direction I swear you need to hunt her down.
(Robby she needs a raise for her expertise!
)  But thats not all.
It gets better.
Oh...yes.
I go up to the register.
Robby the new manager rang me up.
Tried to convince him to give Arielle a raise...while I did that, BAM!
I saw that my dress rang up to $11 when the price tag said $20.
On sale?
I tried to swindle Robby with my charisma to give me that $11 price.
But, because Robby is just awesome by nature he gave it to me for $11.
No charisma required.
Or swindling.
Robby you sold me AND the dress!
I opt to pass on the bag to put my dress in, and took a 5 cent token which I can use to donate to any three organizations.
I chose Shade Tree.
There's my 5 cent good deed of the day.
I walked away a happy camper and with a star dress at hand.
I am forever a fan of this place and the people.

Time lost.
An ok place to buy, you may find something that you may like, but this review is mostly about their buying department.
I usually donate my used clothes at the local salvation army, but still always end up with some clothes through the years that I just can't part from.
You know those favorite shirts, shoes or pants that you once wore to that special place or event back in the days and are hoping to wear them again someday but you never do?
Today against the wishes of the other me, decided finally to get rid of them, I needed more space, let go of the past.
I took them to Buffalo Exchange since they supposedly carry better things than all the other thrift stores, I was sure they would be happy to take them from me.
I walked around the store to get a sense of what they were selling, and I really didn't see the difference between  the salvation army thrift store or savers from this one, same kind of clothes, old beat up shoes, and the same aroma, I told the lady at the counter that I was interested in selling some items, I brought them in and the "only I know what I'm looking for" specialist went through my past one shirt at a time.
"there's nothing here that we would be interested in buying" she said.
what!!!!?
There is nothing better or nicer in the whole store than what I brought in!
Do you even know what this is?!
Feel this!
(the material, if I may clarify) Is the real thing!
and my clothes don't smell like someone died in them!
I couldn't  believe what she had said it was like someone told me that nothing from my past was worth a dime!
I picked up all my rejected things and left the store inflamed, which it wasn't a good idea with all that polyester on my hands.
But I shouldn't take it personal.
Who made her the expert on anything?
most people were leaving the store empty handed, besides 10 years from now she's going to look at her senior pictures on her yearbook and realize how wrong she was on the hair and clothes she picked that day!
I'll just put all my things back in my closet and keep them for a couple more years......
I know disco is coming back!

Some people go to Vegas to spend all their money on gambling, booze and debauchery.
Others go to Vegas to stuff their faces with seventeen rounds at the buffet.
And yet others, a very special breed, go to Vegas to second hand shop.
Let me clear this up a little, I didn't go to Vegas solely to second hand shop, but I had a day to kill by myself, so it was an obvious choice for me to hail a cab and get my ass off the strip and to the nearest Buffalo.
And it didn't disappoint.
This Buffalo had pretty so-so reviews, and I'm not entirely sure why.
It's a huge store with a TON of variety.
I took about 20 items into the fitting room with me and ended up leaving with:  J-Brand jeans $35 LOFT skirt $15 Banana Republic pants $18 Oliver People's Tycoon glasses $85  Could I have spent a lot more?
YES.
Absolutely yes.
Oh, and did I mention that the service here was great?
That's not a normality for second hand shops, especially buffalo.
As I was checking out, one of the girls said "I saw you arrive in a cab, do you need me to call you one?
" HOW AMAZING IS THAT?

Love this spot!
It's one of the better BE stores in the country.
I always stop here when in Vegas and always find something totally fabulous!

This place makes me feel embarrassingly uncool.
Today, clad in my grandma cardigan, I decided to make a little trip to the Buffalo Exchange.
I don't know why I thought this was a good idea - I am not a hipster.
I'm a very lame ex-teacher, and my clothes show it.
Looking around at the crowd in this store, I just felt... old.
I'm NOT old, but I feel like I've progressed beyond overpriced Forever 21 and American Eagle castoffs.
Some of the clothes are pilled and torn, but still command a high price tag.
Why?
Why IS this?
Also, I'm sorry, but some of the things they resell are FUGLY.
My rule of thumb for clothes-shopping is that if I can't figure out which part of my body the garment is supposed to cover, it shouldn't be worn.
I'm too smart to have to ask the salesperson, "what IS this, exactly?
"    I bet you could find some deals here if you hit it just right.
I don't doubt it.
However, I've been here probably a good ten times and I think I bought a purse once.
That's about it.
I have no beef with resale shops - hell, my mom used to be a Goodwill manager (true story!
) - but I do have a problem with stores that sell overpriced, used-up, damaged goods at a ludicrous markup.
That's just nutso.

This review is based on a selling experience I had just yesterday.
I brought in name brand jeans, dresses, jackets, tops and shoes that were never worn (most of the clothing wasn't worn either, or very gently used).
I don't know who these "buyers" think they are, but they are extremely rude and picky to the point of why bother asking people to bring clothes in?!
A brand new White House Black Market dress, never worn was turned away because, "We have so many dresses already, we have to make a profit somehow.
" (mind you on the phone they specifically asked for DRESSES) Its surprising to see how they can make a profit, seeing that most everything in there is ugly, old, and sometimes smelly!
To tout yourself as a "high end boutique thrift store" is quite frankly a misnomer and a joke.
I'm sorry if I was not hip enough to sell there, but just down the street at Trend Traders I was.

I like this place even though the price is a bit more high then other places compare to this one , great selection friendly staff  am a fan !

I've always been a fan of thrift stores and I always considered myself a hipster until I started to cut back to fit into business attire.
Going to the Buffalo Exchange after a long sabbatical I began yearning again for a few more 50's and other vintage numbers.
That was last summer at the San Diego location in Hillcrest but this week the Las Vegas location was a real feast to behold.
My daughters -13 and 16 years old- found dresses including a Betsy Johnson for $25 and blue metallic Dr. Martin boots for a steal along with limited edition Sperry's.
My husband found four fitted 50's shirts and I heels.
There's an amazing collection of shoes and so much more.
You can't go to Vegas and not stop here- you can find something for anyone open to fashion.
The staff was pleasant, inviting and helpful.
There may be a prerequisite that you must be adorable to work here, from the guy with the Gardner's Make Better Lover's pin to the sweet porcelain beauty at the dressing rooms this store has personality and lookers.

Yelp 365 Challenge #146/365 (Las Vegas Adventures)  My niece kept chanting from day one in Vegas that we MUST go to Buffalo Exchange.
As she is excitedly repeating that we have to go to Buffalo Exchange, I'm visualizing tacky cowboy hats and cowboy boots with fur.
I'm thinking of the word "Tatonka" and Dances with Wolves and Officer Dumb Bear, I mean "Dunbar" (If you haven't seen Dances with Wolves, then you won't catch this paragraph!
Read on!
)  Anyhow, after Burlington Coat Factory, I pulled up the directions through my trusty Yelp app and proceeded to drive to Buffalo Exchange.
I almost missed it because it was on the left side of the road (I was on the right side), which I did a U-turn and pulled into their parking lot.
Now, let me share that I was expecting it to be big and gaudy with big lights glaring "Buffalo Exchange".
I was wrong.
It is a small store, well not that small but it is the corner/end of a long row of stores with a private lot.
Anyhow, how can I explain what Buffalo Exchange is?
My niece explained it was a consignment store and it didn't register in my head until we pulled up and I thought, "We are going to a CONSIGNMENT AKA SECOND HAND STORE?
Hello?
We are in VEGAS, let's go elsewhere like the Fashion Mall or a Premium Outlet!
"  But, I zipped my mouth and quickly looked at the reviews of Buffalo Exchange before running into the store (it was hot as a mother outside) and noted that it had decent reviews.
As I stepped inside, it has a typical store feel but as you get closer to browse through the racks, then you'll see that it is a second hand store.
Honestly, I didn't find any blouses or dresses that appealed to me.
Don't get me wrong, I like thrift stores.
I like the hunt of finding name brands that are in good condition with a price tag that you can brag on to your office workers, family or friends.
There were men's clothing, hats, and shoes.
There were dresses and accessories on the upper part of the store, glasses and clutchbags against the wall.
As I walked through and just browsed, the feel of the store then struck me as very warm and vintage.
Since no clothes appealed to me, I decided to browse through the bags.
Holy Schnikey's...D&B for $24?
Coach bags in various sizes ranging from $20-$28.
But, I didn't have any vibe to buy it especially because so many peeps these days are carrying around Coach, D&B or Louis Vitton.
However, I ended up with a Gianna Bernini Crossbody bag that normally sells for $128 at Macy's but the price tag at Buffalo Exchange was selling it at $28...WITH A HALF OFF note on the tag meaning I got it for on $14!!!
If I found a Furla bag, I would have been dancing around.
Ladies, if you are looking for Michael Kors, it is on their shelf behind the sales counter.
If I knew about this place beforehand, I would have brought up all my coach bags that I gave away because I could sell it here even though it would have been at a fraction of a cost that I bought the bags for.
Buffalo Exchange is pretty interesting.
The staff reminds me of the characters in Pretty in Pink (Molly Ringwald and Duckie).
The best part of shopping here is that if you choose not to have your items placed in a bag, they'll offer you a coin that you can place in one of the three boxes by the door, which a monetary amount will go towards a non-profit organization.
I chose Habitat for Humanity.
It's basically a win-win situation if you choose to come here.
You can sell your name brand clothes, shoes or accessories.
You can buy second hand items for a fraction of the cost if you take the time to browse AND you can be a part in helping out non-profit organizations who are helping families or individuals in need.
Viva Las Vegas!

I went here with tons of practicably new clothes.
They tried to tell me some of my stuff was faded or used to much.
They all have attitudes and I'm not down for that.
After they told me that they were only taking this stuff, I went over to the girl to get my money and with an attitude "are you sure you don't just want store credit?
It's only 7 dollars.
" I said no just give me the money because I will not be coming back here.
They took one shirt and a pair of shorts I have out of like 70 pieces of brand new stuff.
I made 7 bucks.
I went down the street to a different shop that someone told me was better and I made triple the amount of money.
Never again will I go to buffalo exchange they're just a rip off.

One word: HATE  The staff sucks.. (except for Reuben).
They are rude and think that they are way too good to serve you.
I feel like I am not cool enough to shop there.
Nothing but hipster jerks.
The worst is Luis or whatever his name is.
Horrible customer service and makes zero eye contact when ringing you up.
Only reason I go from time to time is because it's so close to my home and I only spend less than 10 minutes there.
If I can find something and be in and out, it's better.
They are WAY overpriced.
I suggest Savers or Plato's Closet.
Buffalo Exchange can eat my butt.

This place has an identity problem.
The should not pretend to be a "vintage" clothing store because they are not.
Their idea of vintage is a one year old pair of True Religion jeans.
I brought in some really cool actual vintage 1960's and 1970's coats and a beautiful old wool suit to sell them  The twelve year old behind the counter looked at them for about 30 seconds and said "no thanks".
I asked her if she knew of any "vintage" clothing stores in the area, not getting the dig she said, " I think there are some downtown on Main st.".
I happened to spot another place further south on Maryland pkwy called Mustang Xchange at 4800 s. Maryland pkwy.
I brought my items in and the girl there informed me the owners were not in but she looked at my items an told me the owner would definitely be interested in them and asked me to bring them back in.
Buffalo Exchange needs to eliminate the "vintage" in their description and get a location in the mall because thats really where they want to be.
Stop pretending to be something you are not.
If you want to see a cool little place go to Mustang Xchange instead.

Okay, first time going here.
I was expecting something less smelly than Goodwill.
But it was flat out Gross.
I love trading in my clothes for store credit, but these buyers don't know how to pick items.
It is a shame.
Not only that, but they're rude.
I'm never coming back, and I'm sticking to my favorite Vintage, Consignment, Buy-Sell-Trade store Cleopatra's Treasures.
I thought that I could get more money and better stuff at a bigger place and all I got was a smelly, rude, and headache experience.
They get NO stars from me.

I went here today for the first time.
The staff is really friendly and they greet you when you walk through the door.
The prices are fair and the selection is great.
I bought a Lucky Brand denim jacket for $18 and a thick knit poncho for $6.50 because it was half off.
The selection of shoes is pretty awesome.
I saw some cool oxfords, creeper flatforms, and cat loafers.
I didnt buy any because they unfortunately werent my size.
Overall, the store is clean and organized with a great staff.
Things you should buy here: Jackets/coats (leather, denim, pea coat, fur) Shoes Bags  I love this store and i&#39;ll definitely be back for more!

All I have to say for justification for my 3-star rating (though I will say more) is that I saw a stained Forever 21 shirt for $11.
Ummmmmmm.
I could go to Forever 21 and buy a new shirt without mascara stains on it for the same price.
Also, their packaged Halloween costumes were literally the same price as new.
I have been to Buffalo Exchange in several states and I always seem to have decent luck on finding things.
One time in another state I bought this old, old fur hat made in Italy for $18.
A steal!
This time I bought a Betsey Johnson dress for $30, which is a heck of a deal considering the aforementioned stained Forever 21 shirt.
Buffalo Exchange in my experience has a lot of actual vintage versus old Made in China H&M crap from two years ago.
I have never tried to sell anything--I'd probably have better luck at Trend Traders down the road in getting my money's worth.

How do I love thee or is it thou?
Very mucho.
Absolutely love this place.
Fabulous second-hand designer finds at excellent prices.
Even better when the tag has  a 50% discount stamp.
Got myself the cutest Fendi bag for $40.
Yes, they only sell authentic items or so they say  This is all relative if the salesperson doing the buying is inexperienced and not familiar with authenticating with the items are selling.

Almost everytime I come in here, I leave empty handed.
I see the same shirts and dresses on the racks.
It may look like a lot, but there's just not enough variety.
The prices on some items seem a bit odd as well.
That Target-brand (Merona) shirt?
Just go across the street and you can buy it for a dollar or two more.
Customer service can be hit or miss.
Some days the employees are happy to help, asking customers how they are and if they need anything without any prompting from us.
Other times they're engaged in conversations among themselves and it takes awhile to get their attention.

Cool concept and idea...
But could definitely use better service!!!
Came here after doing some intense cleaning with a bag full of old Abercrombie & Hollister shirts thinking I could make a buck or 2 before donating them to the Salvation Army..
I don't know if it's just me but the people who work there who are in charge of "buying" clothes are so rude.
They act as if they are doing you a favor and that you should be thankful to them.. UM EXCUSE ME... power trip much?
At the end of the day this is just a thrift shop with some rude employees ~!!

The first time I went here, I got a pair of Joe's jeans for $30 and a pair of Citizens of Humanity jeans for $35.
Both fit perfectly.
I won't pay retail for designer denim, but at those prices, count me in.
Obviously I don't expect such a great haul every visit.
I have to be realistic.
The second time I went I came out empty and didn't buy anything.
The store does have a lot of horribly ugly, overpriced crap.
Then again, maybe I'm just now officially old.
Nevertheless, it is possible to score one or two amazing items at an amazing price.
Sometimes you come out successful.
Sometimes you don't.

A must if you love a bargain ..don't forget to take a bag to sell and use the credit for some New to you fashion...all labels here , great selection...such great finds sometimes I wonder if people had to sale it to make it back home..the selection is that great.

At least once or twice a week when waiting in-between classes I hit the near by clothing stores like Trend Traders and Buffalo.
Both places are hits and misses and have their own unique appeal but if you're for more variety I say check out Buffalo, if your looking for clean basic pieces and cheap prices than Trend Traders is for you.
At Buffalo, especially, is a hit and miss for me.
A week ago I went there and I found what seemed like 100 items that I just absolutely loved but two days ago I went back after class and I found nothing I liked.
I do think like some other similar stores near by, that Buffalo is a bit skewed on how they price their inventory.
I found a simple, no brand, sheer slip that  was stained and ripped.
I wanted it for layering project but not for $13.
Sometimes I do get lucky and find really good deals, almost all of my Betsey Johnson clothes etc I have gotten from Buffalo, Most brand new with tags at very reasonable prices.
If I'm  ever in the neighborhood, I definitely make a point to check out this store.
But I'm always prepared to do some digging but if your planning on selling be prepared to have 99% of your stuff rejected, scrutinized and made fun of in front of your face.
I'm not even going to talk about their buying practices or lack of professional costumer service.
There is only one person who works there who seems to really care about his job and is always friendly.
the rest of them just keep to themselves.
I've worked retail, I know its sucks but just a smile on your face can go along way and it seems like most of these guys don't even want to be there.
UPDATE Lately my experience with the employees at Buffalo has gotten better.
They are warmer, seem to notice and acknowledge my existence and they are overall more helpful.
There does seem to be a high turn over of employees which is a bit of a red flag to me and they are still picky with their buying practices and inventory pricing but all in all I feel more welcome shopping here and that's always priority number one for me.

In reading all the reviews, this self proclaimed thrift store aficionado has to give his 2 cents worth on the Buffalo.
First off, I am in my mid 40's and I am happy to say the Buffalo does buy a lot of clothing from me (all bought from Goodwill or Salvation Army anyway).
This is a bit of a double edge sword.
There is a bit of a judging session as a buyer will look through your stuff to decide if it is "cool" enough to be sold at their stores.
It is hard not to take things personally as an occasional "what wrong with that sweater?!?
" can cross your mind during the buy back period.
With that said, the buyers have a tough job to do and I'm sure they deal with their fair share of jerks on any given day.
The good ones will tell you "hey, these jeans are great but we have way too many on the racks right now" fair enough.
They have to buy what sells, otherwise they would be out of business.
What I don't get is when they don't buy nice high end designer stuff but I see crap on the racks.
Once I had some D&G jeans turned down as well as some Hugo Boss dress shirts.
When I looked through the racks, I noticed Geoffrey Beene dress shirts and Old Navy jeans!
WTF!?
I swear some of the buyers must have friends come in to unload stuff and they split the profits (maybe I'm just bitter)  Overall they do have some very interesting stuff.
The prices range from "a pretty good deal" to "no thanks, I can buy that new for less" range.
It all depends.
Some great deals I have found include some almost new Cole Haan boots for $45, some DSQuared jeans for $20 and some D&G sunglasses in the case for $65.
Overall a fun store with some great people watching, and I mean both the employees and the customers.
The staff is nice and helpful, I never really had bad service here.
Def worth checking out.

For years I've come to this place buy and sell.
It has been an pleasure going to to this place and bought all kinds of Louis Vuitton that my daughter to this day enjoy.
As of 2013 it has been ugly.
I am sad to say, that I have to look for a different place to do business with.
The new people are rude as hell, yes, I have to say that Reuben has remained to be as nice and courteous.
So Sad that this place is becoming to be Catholic Charity store in NLV.

I have to say I do l do looooove shopping here!
Best prices in town.
Im overjoyed that buffalo exchange has finally gotten rid of Chrisy!
I went in the store and she was no where in sight  and she was always there!
Just rude and unworthy of her position.
I have been selling to B.E for about 5 years.
after taking a 2 year break from selling I decided to go back in & sell again.
I went in the store around 7pm and BOY!!
was it busy!
The manager there went through my stuff but couldn't buy anything, (Fair enough , I brought old clothes) She was really sweet and patient (best service in a while)   So I browsed around in the store and found some great GREAT clothes, for crazy low prices.
It was clear that a few things were underpriced perhaps but It was a great steal for me.
I went to check out and the cashier was a little weird.
She noticed that my things were priced low and questioned me about it.
I was so uncomftorable.
I found myself explaning to her about the items!
Uncalled for!
I would of spoken to the manager but she was so busy, I do plan on contacting corporate.
This cashier (Whitney) was unprofessional and assuming.
She asked too many of the wrong questions, not did i find everything okay, how was I that day, Just " Wow these are priced really low, I wonder how that happened, where did you find these?
Do you know how much these cost?
I will never shop here again.
5 years ruined because she made me feel like a thief.
The guy on the floor was very helpful (Cory) so he and the manager (Dajohnai) are the only reason I gave this 2 stars, the cashier (Whitney) has created the worst shopping experience for me in 5 years.
Great job hiring her Buffalo!
Still a great place to get great, cool, funky clothes!

I'm in here anytime I'm around this area.
I have found great things and then there were trips where everything looks junky.
I have sold things here before.
I suggest going in with zero expectations as they are going through your things and telling you what they do and don't want and why.
Sometimes it hurts and sometimes it pays off.
I have brought in some of my top designer jeans that I barely wore and have been turned down but then I'll see crappy brands on the hangers??
But I just take it in stride.
I wasn't expecting to make money.
Like I said, it's hit and miss.
Some days you may find a dress, shirt, shoes, etc of your dreams at an awesome price and some visits you may find nada.
But it's a great place to start if your on a budget and want nice name brand clothing.

Hrm, I was torn between giving Buffalo Exchange 1 star or 2 stars, but I decided on 1.
I've only been here twice and after my second experience today, I remembered why I had not been back since the first time a couple years ago: it's quite awful.
I did a little spring cleaning recently and I donated my first bulk of stuff to Savers then after my second round of spring cleaning I realized, "hey, I can probably take a lot of this stuff to Buffalo Exchange and get a little out of my hardly worn, cute stuff.
" Well, "a little" is an overstatement as I hardly got anything at all.
I would describe Buffalo Exchange's Buyers as "Greedy Hipsters" with a sense of entitlement and questionable taste.
(I know this probably sounds rude, but I truly feel that way, it would probably help if they at least had less snooty attitudes) Mind you, I made sure to take good stuff in and I had 3 large bags full of stuff and all that the buyer ended up buying were a cute pair of sandals and a pair of real cowgirl boots.
And do you know how much I got out of it?
Nine dollars.
Yep.
Pretty much my trip's worth of gas.
But the items were priced for resale at $15 and $30something.
Ugh, talk about a waste of time.
My options were $9 in cash or $13 in store credit so I decided to look around to see if maybe something caught my eye and the only thing that caught my eye was the fact that they had some really ugly stuff and I became bewildered at how my stuff got turned down, yet they bought some of this stuff.
I checked the price tags on some of the "ugly stuff" I saw and became even MORE bewildered: A USED, "nothing special", not a big brand top, for $24!!
No thanks, I'll just go to Target or Forever 21 or H&M and get something better, and NEW for that same price.
Annoyed at my waste of time, I took my $9 cash and headed to the nearby Savers to donate the rest of my stuff.
Needless to say, this made me feel a lot better, they were much nicer and I knew my donations would help a good cause.
The only positive things I have to say about B.E.
is probably that they do have a good selection of shoes and sunglasses but the shoes are of no use to me as I have small feet and can never find anything in my size anyway.
I like the concept of buying/selling/trading and Buffalo Exchange sounds like a cool place, but alas, it just isn't.

My best girlfriend and I LOVE Buffalo Exchange.
We have some friends in a classic rock band, so every couple weeks we head down here and raid the racks.
I don't really ever sell stuff here because I am a re-user, but I have NEVER had an issue with the prices they are willing to take my stuff for.
Obviously the people on here complaining about the little amounts of chump change they got for their junk brought in just that: junk.
Be happy they took it from you any way.
I used to live in Southern California and the Buffalo Exchanges there are VERY picky.
Much like any other picker store if you are willing to put in a little time you WILL find a hidden gem!

I've shopped Buffalo Exchange in Colorado and California and this location was a big disappointment.
The clothes seemed overpriced and the store was poorly organized.
Geez not even a sale rack at this store.

I went to Buffalo Exchange this week, and I was greatly disappointed with the female clothes selection.. Ive never seen so much over priced rags!
And no offense to anyone, but I feel like there were too many of the same types of employees (gay Male Hipsters) choosing what clothes were to be sold on the shelves!
Not one of the shirts were tight fitted.
They were all baggy, frayed, and cheap cut off looking!
And Im thinking, wow why aren't there more girls working here?
Straight women such as myself do not always like the styles that all these Gay hipster boys are picking out..
Nothing was sexy..
I couldn't even find a shirt that was flattering in the breast area, usually i like shirts that at least hug around my boobs, and all i kept thinking was "If these dudes only knew what it was like to have boobs and find clothes for them, maybe then they would understand...   And another thing I'd like to point out was, i looked at every tank top in the small section, and all the straps were too long, and would only fit me if I were a Granny with saggy tits down to by navel.
Im sorry boys, gay or straight, unless you have tits, YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND what it takes for us girls to find a cute top that doesn't make us look like we just crawled out of a garbage pale!!
This store used to be so diverse and cute, and its really gone to shit...
I might give it another chance in the future, and if I only see one female working there again... Im seriously gonna boycott this store and share my feelings on multiple networking outlets...
These people are taking "original" to a whole other level, not offering a diverse selection for every type of Girl!

Decent selection of clothing, it's hard to judge consignment / thrift stores because the clothes usually symbolizes the community but they do a pretty good job with the selection.
Open space, good atmosphere.
Prices were about the same compared to crossroads in LA.

For buying used clothes, this is an ok place with decent prices.
I actually think it's a little overpriced for used stuff, but I've never purchased anything from here.
However, I have sold clothes here over the years, and it seems like they are getting super picky and stingy about what they are choosing to buy now.
Plus, the percentage you get back is very little ( I believe it's 35% of what they'll sell it for).
I've brought in some really cute, unworn clothes to this store on my last two or three visits, but they denied everything.
Sometimes I don't understand why because I've seen some hideous stuff here before.
I guess it just depends on the buyer you get.
They do tend to take more designer labels, but you'll never get your money's worth by selling them here.
I tried to sell my Guess pumps here, and they were in perfect condition and only worn once.
Guess how much they offered me for them?
$5.80 -_-.
I don't think I'll be coming back here anymore, but I will recommend this place to anyone who wants clean out their closets or to anyone who likes to go thrift shopping.
I'd only go with selling cheaper, trendy stuff like Forever 21 and Urban Outfitter brands.
I wouldn't recommend anyone to sell their designer items here because you'll just get ripped off.

something are priced high others not.
good if you want a funky addiction to your wardrobe

Sat there for 45minutes they didn't have enough staff !!
all my clothes were trendy and brand-new with tags and she said that at this moment they couldn't buy any of it :( what a waste of time

Update on Buffalo Exchange.
For the first time I went to BE to sell clothes a few days ago.
I had some items that were just not being worn and felt as though I could get a few bucks for them.
First off, don't take your clothes here unless they are really new or totally out-dated (as in vintage...).
They won't take anything else.
They are incredibly picky.
Forget about trying to sell them anything preppy, classic, romantic, or very nice business.
I guess they just don't take that stuff because their clientele doesn't buy it.
Or, as I was told "These styles don't move".
Your best bet is with boho and very trendy "right now" clothes.
I find it kind of funny that they won't sell much else because most teenagers (who buy that kind of stuff) would refuse to step foot in BE.
Okay, that's a bit of an over-reaching statement, but you get where I am getting at, right?
I also dislike how they have expanded so much of their store to men's wear as well.
I'm not against men's wear, but I just didn't think it warranted that much space.
Also to note, although they won't take "nicer" clothing (as in higher-up fancy labels, which my clothes were) they did jump on my never-used Coach wristlet, yet only wanted to offer me $6 for it!
HA HA HA.
Ya right.
I'll go sell it on ebay for way more than that.
Overall I think they are WAY too picky and the quality of this establishment has gone down since I've been here last.
Maybe it's just that I'm getting older and my style is changing, who knows.
Either way, I still have to bring down my original review of 5 stars to 3.
This place is only okay.
I think I would rather visit a Patty's Closet.

I like Buffalo Exchange.
Its hit or miss for me, as a plus sized gal, sometimes its hard to find clothes that fit in a second had shop.
They have a good sized selection though, and I've found some gems.

You'll definitely be able to pop some tags here, but not with only $20 in your pocket.
Came here to try and find some accessories for a Halloween outfit I was planning, hoping I would be able to spend less than purchasing it at a department store.
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find the items I needed at a good price.
I did, however, find some sick Rachel Comey boots that retail like $300 for $50 that I might be coming back for.
All around the store, there were bargains on name-brand items: Zara backpack for $30, Michael Kors belt for $15, and some Element and Quicksilver shirts that might have appealed to my younger self.
All-in-all, everything was well-organized, and I would return, but maybe with a little more cash.

This place changes atmosphere faster than some people change their underwear.
It is really hard to follow and be a fan of a place that changes its' feel so often.
Yet occasionally a good find can be found.
Gone are the days of the forties and fifties clothing.
Seemingly gone is the over the top club wear.
But gone also is the really groovy style this place had in spades as well.
It  seems more sedate and well, boring.
It feels barren and awkward.
But don't get me wrong, deals are to be had.
And unlike, say, a Savers thrift store, you don't feel grimy and icky.
You can go in and find something just about every time.
Especially true for the ladies.
And while the pickings get thinner and thinner, year by year, it is the best game in town for unloading good used clothes and finding the occasional wearable treasure.

I  took jeans, and sweaters from forever 21, brand new, the  tags still on.
Never worn.
They turned them down.
But, I look at the racks and saw tread poor, and old stuff.
Maybe, my stuff was not vintage enough, or not high end enough.
No problem.
I  donated my kids clothes to the Salvation Army.
My advice to sellers:  if you don't have vintage, punkish, or high end items, save your time, and gas.
You will most likely not be able to sell.

Meh.
I had first heard about Buffalo Exchange when returning from Santa Barbara the week before and dissapointed I missed out.
Seeing as their is one in Vegas, hopes back up for scoring designer goods on the cheap.
Walking in, all hope demolished.
This is exactly the same thing as Plato's Closet which I detest.
Nothing but clothes that no one would want, service non caring.
Tons of people waiting to be told that either all their clothes are no good and they waited a few hours for nothing, or that they will offer you $3 for a cashmere sweater if you are lucky.
I glanced around, saw nothing good whatsoever and know know not to bother coming to any of their locations.

Yep, I definitely agree with the rest of the reviews the clothes are priced too high unfortunately.
All the staff is always in a bad mood or talking about each other to other customers.
I don't know who took over but it is now crap and difficult to find something worth paying for.
I mean come on, it is used items.

This magical place deserves 10 stars!
I've been coming here weekly for the past 18 years and have found so many amazing things!
From Louis Vuitton to Christian louboutin to great one of a kind pieces!
There's always a treasure waiting to be discovered!
It's also a great place to sell those items in your closet that always get passed up.

Finding too many damaged items priced the same as those without.
Asked for assistance one morning from a dark haired betty Paige type looking Supervisor and she never came to help me search for an item I was looking for.
Lazy.

Their buyers must be in the habit of purchasing ripped and damaged clothing.
I don't care what label it is, ripped and dirty?
Come on, you used to be much better than this.
And snotty cashiers to boot.
Hmmmm.
At least there are other places to shop.

Sorry, Buffalo Exchange...I am giving you an F for poor customer service skills.
Your sales people seem to enjoy cutting people down for their potential clothing donation.
Very rude, in fact.
I am over 40, have teen daughters who have also shopped there and it seems to get worse every time I stop in.
Very unprofessional...remember, you are a "Consignment Store" on the UNLV campus.
I suggest that you take your employees to Nordstroms to learn how to treat customers well.
Minneapolis has amazing consignment stores...Google them.

Whilst one man's treasure is another man's junk, ALL men/women should be treated alike whether they buy/sell treasure or junk.. No laughing behind a customer's back when you bought nothing they brought in to sell.
No snickering when they paid $15.00 for those jeans BE paid $2.00 for.
Although I was forewarned about staff rudeness, lack of professionalism and blatant comments and facial expressions of disbelief at your stupidity, expectations, current outfit and items to sell, I went there anyway...calling first to see if they purchased the type, brand and style of items I had...they said YES.
So full of excitement I drove there.
They were great at being rude, making facial expressions of distate and quickly rejecting EVERYTHING I brought, showing utter disdain for my items.
I am almost sure they sprayed Lysol in the store and called an exterminator after I left such was their clear dislike of my items.......and I have to say it...of ME.
I will NEVER set foot in BE again.
I will tell my friends to stay away.
I hear that BE stores elsewhere receive similar complaints.
While selling ones belongings is personal, being treated with respect and dignity is worldwide.
Does BE train its employees/family members to be as rude as possible?
Is there a reason for this, like maybe if you've made me feel like less than s#&t I'll take less for my items?
I don't get this common complaint about BE.
But they won't get my business either.

I never feel like I am NOT being ripped off or leaving the store with even remotely satisfied with the random few dollars they will you not be 100% on what they are taking.
Make sure you see what they take and aren't sneaky: the feel like the clothes and turnover amount is overpriced and not 30% or anywhere close to what they buy it for.
I have also been told to give to goodwill and not to let let that store rip u off  blatantly.
That's the WORD around town.
F - FAIL review from word of mouth & personal experience

I came Today to this place because a friend of mine got $40 for a lot of clothes (old and used nothing fancy) and I brought 3 bags with almost all spring-summer clothes.
The girl was so rude and didn't talk to me at all and She just put two tags in two clothes ( Vans and a Guess T-shirt) and She told me that She was gonna give me $12 for both and She didn't take the rest of the clothes, that were dresses and t-shirts...That was aweful and ridiculous.
They were taking ugly stuff and pretty big sizes.
She just told me that they weren't looking for that style.
The clothes that I brought were, some of them pretty new and in good condition.
After that I realized that I wanted to use some of my clothes again or just it them to my friends that would like modern and fashionable good clothes.
Awful place, don't go there never ever...

Came to this place today for the first time not really knowing what to expect, after shopping around for an hour or so I came home with 6-7 new shirts that I'm really happy with.
My only criticisms are that the selection isn't very big, some items had obvious stains and holes but were still $10-15, and that many items were overpriced.
Designer or not, skimpy little tank tops were going for between $15-20- not really the great thrift store prices I expected.
There are also only one or two racks per size for tanks, tees, blouses, and dresses - and much of it was similar styles, even duplicates of the same item.
I do think they have improved their customer service, however, as reading through the rest of the comments and hearing how awful the employees were, I didn't experience any of that today- everyone was friendly and helpful.
Overall I would probably go back but I wouldn't recommend it for anyone looking for a really great deal.

If you're looking to shop there, as I was, be warned that their items are looking  dowdy, worn, and decidedly lame lately.
Everything in the window looked like it came from an episode of Blossom.
Even the designer items they have are in pretty bad shape.
Check out some of the local vintage shops around downtown if you want to really find anything worth your time and money.
As for donating: No to a lace Chloe top in perfect condition, no to a pair of perfect condition tall Frye boots, and no to a pair of Jeffrey Campbell boots brand new from Free People.
I paid at least $700 for those three items and since my closet is overflowing, I was willing to part with them.
If they don't want them, I guess I'll just have to hang on to them!
Would have been sad to see them go anyhow.

Loves it!!
Any style you will find and love!

I just had an incredibly successful visit.
I got an pair of amazing black pointy toed heels with a snakeskin finish.
I also picked up a pair of pointy toed flats with a texturized pattern, a green army jacket with a hood that's optional.
I even snagged a pair of spike earrings ($6) that look similar to the Eddie Borgo earrings ($315) that I've been pining for.
I did go here about a month ago and didn't find anything.
So, to all of the negative comments on here, thrift stores are a hit or miss.
Don't automatically assume that the place sucks if you didn't find anything to your liking.
Patience.
Come back again and you never know what gems you may find.

Ok so I was in need of some quick cash & this place was only 15 minutes away from work.
So I loaded up a suit case & an extra bag of unwanted or barely used items & went there right after work.
First impressions are everything & this place was not impressionable at all.
It smelled of stail cigaret & old clothing.
The employees working there did not fit working in that place.
Or maybe they did, very snobby, blank face, acted above it all.
"Um...
Please ladies, take a look around you?
" Strange considering this place looked worse than a thrift store.
I still thought for sure I would make at least $20-$40 bucks.
HaAh!
Yeah right!
I had a Calvin Klein sweater & vest in great condition just no longer my size, a neat Obama sequined tee, several pairs of cutsie earings, & a only worn twice beaded sandals.
Not to mention a few misc.
items that were great for everyday use.
I just didn't need these items because I have so much already.
The girl was very pleasant, took out my items one by one &  examined them, but had a blank face expression.
After all this she only wanted to buy an old ruggedly leather belt for $4.98.
NOT $5.00!
Only $4.98!
I chuckled, said fine, only to cover the gas expense it cost me to go out of my way.
Not sure what they're looking for because I saw some of the stuff they had on the wrack.
It all looked old.
& the clerk called my stuff old.
MY STUFF WAS FAIRLY NEW & in great condition!
For some reason I felt embarrassed.
I walked out feeling as though I had a tail & it was tucked very far between my legs.
Needless to say I went straight to good will & donated the rest of my stuff.
Of course the shoes I'll just give to my mother.
After everything I told mysefl, "what did I expect, look at the area this place is located?
" Yeah just because it's across from the university don't mean shit.

I have been in on a few occasions.
Most of the time I always find good picks.
The staff is always friendly and I will keep coming back.

I hate to be this damning because I know this is the exception rather than the rule, but....I bought a pair of shorts at BE last week that were very prominently displayed.
As the cashier was ringing them up, I noticed a little stain in the back.
I looked inside the shorts when I got outside and there was a relatively large, fresh, unwashed skid mark.
They returned my money with a kind of half-hearted, "hipster apology" (i.e.
not truly genuine imo).
Selling someone sh*t is pretty unacceptable if you ask me.
You have to question the management practices here.
I  thought the community should know about it.

This Buffalo Exchange SUCKS!
First off because the wanna be trendy idiots who work there think that because they buy used clothes that they are on some kind of pedestal.
A FEW of the people who work there are cool, but majority are these pompous, wanna be's who instead of knowing what brands, etc to buy, I seriously feel just go by what they personally like/dislike.
Example: I was selling a Free People dress in EXCELLENT condition and the girl turned it away, but the manager came over, saw that it was in the "no" pile, and she took it!
WTF!
So you could essentially come back and try to sell the same stuff to a different buyer and either get a yay or nay depending on who it is!
And they buy/sell crap, this is NOT high quality vintage clothing....this is potential bed bug ridden, borderline Goodwill, used jeans and Forever 21 and a bunch of t-shirts.
They pay SHIT for your items also!
Sell on ebay instead.
Oh and the BEST was when I witnessed one of the managers approving one of the buyers piles that she was going to buy, and right in front of the customer the manager girl picked up a pair of leggings that the customer was selling, and threw them down and said with a snarl "ugh I cant believe I touched those"....????
WHAT A BITCH!
Again a bunch of pompous idiots...oh and beware of the Coach items, they obviously cannot tell real and fake as they were selling a fake Coach handbag, and also found a fake pair of Frankie B jeans....

