I try to frequently send flowers to "my ladies" and use flowers as a way of saying "Thank you!
" to clients.
There have been times in my past when I would send or give flowers, every single week.
On one occasion, I sent a long-stemmed red rose to a woman I loved, every single day for an entire month.
So, when I have a real need to send flowers (or pick them up for an in-person delivery), this is where I go, and I've been doing business with them, ever since they were in the same neighborhood as Al Phillips The Cleaner, on Tropicana, then I followed them down to the shopping center on Trop-Pecos, and now I go to their newest location at 3990 South Eastern Avenue, where Julie, Jane and Brian take care of all my floral needs, with absolute perfection, and at more-than-reasonable prices.
Their newest location is going to be a sensation in the Floral Industry, because they will be the very first-ever bona fide floral shop to have a DRIVE-THRU WINDOW, and, so far as I know, they'll also be the first shop of it's kind to be open 24 HOURS, due to the genius of Brian McCarthy, the visionary owner.
They enjoy a richly-deserved "A+" rating with the Better Business Bureau, and if you click this link, you can read it for yourself:  http://www.bbb.org/southern-nevada/business-reviews/florists-retail/a-french-bouquet-flower-shop-in-las-vegas-nv-46095  I've already purchased $700' worth of Powerball® Lottery tickets for 10 future drawings, and you can bet your last $ that WHEN I win (never say "if"), at least two things will happen:  1.
I'll be sending flowers MORE than I ever have in the past, and,  2.
I'll be seeing the wonderful folks at A FRENCH BOUQUET so much, I'll be able to park in the spot labeled, "CUSTOMER OF THE MONTH!
" several months in a row.
The late radio news commentator Paul Harvey (1918-2009) once cracked to his audience, when talking about florists, "Just remember that if it is in the refrigerator, you can't afford it.
"  He was joking, of course.
The flowers at A FRENCH BOUQUET are very competitively priced and of much better quality than you could ever hope to get, at your neighborhood grocery store.
Stop by and see these super-friendly folks soon, and you'll discover (as I have) that you want to send or deliver flowers, more often than you ever have.

Having three daughters who compare what they get, I like to order my flowers the same but just enough different that they know they were picked for them, and they have been creative and very helpful.
I have never been disappointed with their service.
I live out of town and have been made to feel like I was in the store picking the flowers I want.
They are happy to oblige.
I highly recommend them.

Sign out front says open to 2 pm Sundays.
1:30 and you are closed.
1 star.
If you are going to post hours, stick to them.
You suck.

