I was really not familiar with Salvadorian food when I first tried this place.
The pupusas were good.
I really do not have anything to base my rating on but it is very tasty and crispy.
The tamales are excellent at this place (chicken or pork).
The masa that they use is really fluffy and tasty.
Not dry like other tamales tend to be.
The menu looks really different and I want to try some of the entrees but I am afraid of being disappointed.
The service is ok.
Sometimes it takes them long because I believe everthing it is made to order.
Order the tamales and you cannot go wrong!!

Best popusas ever..especially their special on Wednesday's they have their $1 popusas if you buy a dozen okay let me tell you they have the best that I ever tasted.

A buddy of mine kept telling me about their pupusas so we came here.
The place is kind of hidden inside a shopping center on Tropicana and Pecos.
It's kind of small in size but authentic.
It's pretty colorful with paintings on the wall as well as specials they have going on.
I'm not familiar at all with Salvadorian food but when I walked in it smelt very good.
My curiosity took over and I started to glance at what other customers were eating, everything looked fresh and good.
This place is heavily Spanish spoken.
I can read Spanish well but have still have difficulty understanding spoken words.
My ordering skills could definitely improve so I let my friend handle the questions I had, just a note.
I started out with 2 asada pupusas.
Prior to serving the they set the toppings out, which are is a slaw like topping and hot sauce.
We waited about 20 minutes for our food but when it came out it was hot.
The pupusas had a little char from and the meat was pretty good inside.
I made my meal with all the toppings and it was definitely good!
The service was a little spotty but nothing major.

Awesome food!
Kareoke on the weekends!
Cheap and delicious pupusas.
I liked the horchata and the chilaquiles too.

Place is ok. its cheap, food is average; i had better pupusas, service is below average and dont ask for curtido or salsa because you will not get any more even is less what you get for the food.
Overall, below average.

My wife was craving some papusas so we drove across town to check this spot out.
The place was completely empty... And it appears for good reason.
The place is dirty, run down, and falling apart.
The decoration looks thrown together and random.
My wife said it was "real salvadoran" and there was a Chicken fast food bag from El Salvador which made it authentic.
I guess if i ever go to El Salvador and there's a bag of KFC In an American restaurant I'll know it's a good spot.
Either way, the service was pretty bad and the cashier/waitress rolled her eyes at us.
The waitress didn't speak English so my salvadoran wife had to order.
It took about 30 minutes for them to make our food.
The waitress didn't say a word to us the entire time.
She stayed in the Back the whole time.
When we got home and actually tried the food it was decent.
The papusas are a little on the thick side from all the masa and the carne asada papusas have very little meat.
I'd recommend the pork and cheese and the bean and cheese.
This place would have to be the all out last resort for salvadoran food in this city.
It's not bad.
But the service and restaurant it self is not up to par with what else is in this city.

One of the closest to authentic salvadorean food I have tried.
The place is small but the service is great so is the food very well worth the price.

Really good food.
Had a couple Papusas and some of the sausages.
I completely enjoyed the meal.
To bad that the atmosphere was ruined by one of the clients that was drunk patron who was looking for a fight.
The staff kept serving the guy and allowing him to talk down to patrons.
The abuse didn't stop until he began to abuse the staff.

Have to give these guys a five.
Came to Vegas for EDC weekend(we're from San Francisco originally) so we've got a taste for pupusas.
I've eaten at probably a dozen pupuserias in San Francisco and this place really takes the cake.
I love their bean and cheese and chicharron and cheese pupusas.
A cheap, tasty meal for those on a budget in Vegas.

