Well my wife and I rented a property from this company for 1 year and they were really easy to deal with and got all of the problems fixed in a timely manner aswell as following up and checking to make sure issues were resolved.

This place doesn't even know the definition of quality.
My boyfriend and I just recently started renting from friends that go through this management office.
When my boyfriend did the walk through with Sarah, one of the office managers, they discussed a few things that needed to be fixed before we moved in.
When we moved in, not only was nothing done but it took the maintenance guy over a month to get to our house because he cancelled or would no show every week.
When we called to follow up with the office they said they had no documentation of these things needing to be fixed and that not one maintenance guy can fix it all and they go through different companies for different things.
When we first moved in I drove to the office to sign my paperwork and give them a check for rent.
I received a rude voicemail from one of the managers saying that my rent was now due and I needed to come in and sign the paperwork.
I called her back and told her I already came in and paid rent and she said she didn't see it in her notes and apologized.
Second months rent was sent in the mail on 10/29 to the address they gave me.
I came home from a business trip on 11/6 to find a notice on my door saying pay rent or quit.
They said they didn't receive it and fined is $125 and then also fined us an extra $45 for the company that comes and puts the notice on your door (which is not in the leasing agreement anywhere).
I sent a rent check to my previous landlord for 3 years and not only did he receive it early or on time but never had an issue.
Then they said because it's late it now had to be legal funds so I had to get a money order.
My boyfriend took it to the office and not only were they rude but the owner walked away from him while he was talking.
Our friends had to call them and they dropped the $125 fine but made us pay $45.
We gave them our December rent right then and there so it wouldn't get 'lost' in the mail.
This company is a scam and tries to get money out of renters and owners by saying things are fixed when they haven't been and also I personally believe they claim they do not get your rent checks so they can fine people.
They also like to say you are 1 of 200 renters as if you are nothing.
Now they are trying to say the landscaping was completed before we moved in and it is our responsibility to take care of it.
We have the saved voicemail from the maintenance guy saying he is supposed to come do the landscaping but never did.
These people are crooks and will try and take your money.
My boyfriend and I love the house but we cannot wait until our lease is up and move to get away from this nightmare called Quality Real Estate.
My advice to anyone renting from them is to document everything!
I'm going to drive to their office every month and personally take a picture of myself handing them a check so they do not claim they didn't receive it.

Well its 2014.
Just wanted to point that out on the off chance that anyone at Quality Real Estate would bother jumping on the internets and actually use some of these technological thingies.
I have been, reliably and quite merrily, transferring funds to and fro since 2000 using paypal.
Likewise my bank has enabled its clients with similar options for years.
And yet, the folks over at "Quality" real estate can not even be bothered to make a drop box available.,,,forget about paying online or transferring funds.
Its like 1945 over there...with the office closing at lunch...Im like just waiting for someone to tell me "Golly Gee Mr.. No need to get all in a tizzy...you with your fancy gadgets.
"   And forget about mailing your rent in.
Read what happened to poor Natalie and her BF below.
After months of ALWAYS paying my rent on time,in person.... if you counted up my lost lunch hours, Id say I've lost about 36 hours of my life...gone....adios..when paying your rent SHOULD ONLY TAKE about 5 MINUTES.
IT'S 2014 PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
While I research if these policies are legal or can be changed,  you would be wise to find another property or insist the owner find another management company.
I dont give this kind of service to my customers.
Hell, if there's a way I can help people pay me....Im all over that.
REALLY.
Cant watch a quick youtube on how to accept online payments?
Cant have a 10 minute talk with your banker on setting up a Merchant payment option?
Thats weak guys.
Seriously....Weak.

I have read the comments from others from the point of renters.
I and my wife have used this company for almost 20 years to manage our rental house in Vegas.
First I would like to say we tried renting it once ourselves.
We rented to an enlisted military couple who we thought would be responsible.
They decided watering the grass cost too much so shut off the sprinklers.
That totally destroyed the front and back yards.
They lived like pigs and when the left the house had a smell that could only be fixed by repainting the entire place and Cloroxing the floors.
We had to use the entire deposit to clean it up.
The yard was gone so we replaced it with rock.
Then we got Quality as our management company.
If you renters who made a review had problems then I would have to say you need to consider things from the owners stand point.
We do not want our houses trashed.
Second,  as owners we have made every effort not to be slum lords.
We have kept everything working well and did not go with the cheapest possible.
We put in a good quality fridge and dish washer,   an Ecostar air conditioner and have done what we could to keep costs down for the renters.
We inspect once a year and we are very quick to fix things or upgrade things if the renters have suggestions.
And Quality makes it all happen.
IMHO if you renters have a problem with Quality it is actually a result of the instructions given by the owners.
Some owners are slum lords and do not want to spend a dime if they do not have to.
I suggest to renters that if you have problems,   you ask Quality to find you a better home,  and not go slamming Quality.
In regards to the comments about rent payments.
Quality has been in the same office for decades.
You have a checking account.
You can put Quality down as a regular payment and arrange for the bank to PAY them each month.
It will all be done automatically and the bank will have proof Quality got paid.
What is so hard about that?
It will save you 44 cents a month on mailing the check too.

