I love thier pan pizzas so much.
They do make em great.

I ordered my pizza online, only to find out that the pizza was going to take over an hour.
After getting a busy signal and having to wait through several rings, they finally picked up and I was able to switch from delivery to pick-up.
When I arrived 20 minutes later, it took 5 minutes for anyone to greet me.
The food quality is okay.
but not at all worth the poor service.
This was my 2nd bad experiance with this location.
I had a similar experiance prior to this but though I'd give them a chance.
The time before I'd asked if I could add breadsticks to my order when I arrived, they said it would take an additional 30 minutes.
Really!?

Pizza was amazing loved it , had a pan meat lovers pizza , just a little on the costly side for delivery , but great meal!

On vacation, staying at the Wyndham.
Ordered online due to plane being delayed and getting in late.
Order took over an hour to be delivered.
We ordered the Pizza Hut Box and the order was incorrect, cold, and was not fresh.
So disappointed.
It was disgusting.
Avoid ordering from this location at all costs.

Pizza was good..... when it finally arrived.
But it arrived 35 minutes later than scheduled.
At home that might be ok, but not so much fun when you are waiting, and waiting, and waiting..... in your hotel lobby.
A quick call to let me know it was delayed would have been nice.

Terrible service!
We ordered from the hard rock hotel and not only were they an HOUR late, when we called the restaurant they were extremely rude and hung up on us before we could ask anything other than if the pizza was on it's way.
We were looking for an affordable alternative for food before hitting the clubs and we were extremely let down.
We won't be doing this again.

My order was cancelled by Christina.
After waiting for 1 hour I called to get a update on my order and found out she cancelled.
She didn't call me I believe they where too lazy to complete the order.
She also called me out of my name on the phone of course, I don't believe she would be so bold in person.
The manager could care less I called him and I was assured that the gm would call no such call took place.
My advice would be don't talk smack to strangers on the phone christina.
I won't be surprised If this store eventually closes

