Great subs, desserts and fast service!
What else could you ask for?
Ah, yes....FREE fries with your subs (unlike some places which charge $2 more for their subs and then want to charge for steak fries) and their menu is huge so you will be able to find something you will like.
Give em a try!

We've been ordering from them for years.
Their cold and warm subs are pretty good.
Love the Chicken Philly!
Desserts are great too.

A coworker of mine orders the wings from here and they always smell and look so good.
I only ate food from this place via delivery and it does take a some time, but the wings are worth it.
During the lunch time they have a specials so I'd recommend ordering or going during that time.
As for the wings, they come in either plain, medium, hot, or teriyaki.
I normally go with the medium.
The wings are a good size also, no tiny wings here.
The lunch special comes with 10 wings, Red Robin style fries, 2 baby carrots and 2 pieces of celery.
Also included was a can soda drink, side of ranch, and some ketchup.
I like my wings, and Ciao knows how to do them right.

Yay!
We've finally found a local pizza place that everyone can agree one.
First, we never do delivery, we call in our order, pick it up, and eat at home.
The wait is normally 20-25 minutes.
I ding a star because one of the employees (owner?
) smokes and in the tiny restaurant that is just too much.
Anyway, we order pizza.
The sauce isn't too sweet and there isn't too much of it.
The crust is thicker than a thin crust but thinner than the "hand tossed" you'd find at one of the chains.
They are generous with their toppings.
And the alfredo sauce on the pizza is YUMMY!
For a 14" with two toppings and alfredo sauce and a 16" with 5 toppings the tab comes to $25.00.
Not cheap but not expensive either.

I have lived in the area for years and never tried their pizza.
We stopped in on a Saturday and asked for a menu we could take home, the guy behind the counter told us they had one left, but should be getting a new shipment in tomorrow.
So, we left the single menu there and forgot about the place.
Craving pizza one night, we decided to give them a shot.
Their prices were reasonable, and the pizza we got was real good!
I am not that particular about pizza, as long as it isn't a chain, I will usually like it, but their pizza sticks out as very appealing in both appearance and taste.
Anxious to get another round of pizzas from Ciao so I can gorge myself again!

This is an update from yesterdays lunch!
I ordered the wings with fries and they were once again, awesome.
Delivery took about 30 mins but they quoted 30 to 40 mins.
This place consistently puts out good food.

My favorite pizza in Las Vegas.
My wife and I order from here every time we have a craving for pizza.
Their sauce is delicious, and they don't drown the pizza in it.
They give a good array of toppings and don't skimp on them like the big chains.
We're very happy to have found this place on Yelp!

Our neighborhood is seriously lacking great pizza so we tried this place based on reviews and the pizza was very disapointing.
Just average rack cooked pizza.
The wings and fries were very good and I have had their salads before and they are unique and delicious.
Overall it's good food - the pizza just wasn't my favorite.

They were rude to me.
Their food is disgusting.
Maybe it was a bad day but, it was horrible for me.
Would not eat here again.

I've only tried the pizza here but it is probably the best pizza for the price in vegas.
You get a 16in one topping pizza for $7!
Its way better than little caesars card board pizza and better than the more expensive papa johns, dominos and pizza hut.
Again best price and pretty good pizza.

Pizza is fine.
Not bad, not great.
If you're in the area try it out.
I wouldn't go out of my way for it.

Customer service is amazing here, Idk about others that posted reviews but it might be a new staff, food took about 10 minutes, prices are cheap,  the guy at the register was very nice and helpful,  he even helped me choose a good meal and save with the specials and most importantly its super clean ..
I would definitely come back here if I stay in vegas :))

