One of the only places to have a maple bar close to where I live.
That's nuts!
Prices are always good and the selection is great.
I was driving all day for that shyyt.
Just cause my girl wanted a maple bar.
So I searched and I conquered with winchels help.
SCORE

I visited here last year while in town.
I'm going "5" for nostalgia and delivery.
These used to be prevalent in the Provo/Orem area.
When I was a kid 25 years ago I used to order the Vanilla/Vanilla cake donuts with rainbow sprinkles - purely based upon appearance.
I don't even like vanilla frosting.
My wife, a non-donut eater, even said they were good.
When I discovered Winchell's still exists last year I had to stop in.
It was as good as it's always been?
Am I too old for rainbow sprinkles?

Winchell's is my old stand-by donut shop when I need something quick and they are on my way.
My favorites here are the ones I think they get right (not too sweet, not greasy, good texture) apple fritters, unglazed buttermilk bars, and unglazed old fashioned - all of which they run out of early but aren't quick to re-stock.
I also enjoy the occasional muffin, all flavors are good but the cheese are the best.
If I have the time I really prefer Friendly's, but Winchell's is fine in a pinch.

I was having one of those, I have the munchies, where do I go and what do I want to satisfy my night.
I headed straight down Trop and Winchell's caught my eye.
I went in an just started pointing to everything that looked good.
I ended p getting a mixed dozen for our group to share.
I personally liked the chocolate with chocolate icing and the cake doughnut with glaze.
This place has fresh doughnuts at all times and they don't need a lit sign to attract a crowd.

Okay, so this isn't  a small business, las vegas local chain.
But unlike the other donut shops in town that I do enjoy, this Winchell's offers hours that I can get donuts at a time.
I don't know what it is about their donuts but I do enjoy them.
Especially, when they are fresh.
And this location has extremely fresh donuts when we went the other night.
They had a chocolate cinnamon crumb donut which I have never had in my life which was to die for.
It was the perfect texture of a cake donut without being too dry or too sweet.
They also offer mini size donuts (6 for $1.49) which is a great deal if you ask me!
Perfect size for my kiddo without too much sugar for him.
If I am ever craving donuts again and want a good fresh donut and it is late in the day - you can bet your pretty penny, you will catch me here.

I have no respect for any bakery that sells stale donuts.
Friendly donuts in Henderson trashes there donuts that sit to long.
Donut are always soft and fresh at friendly.
It's a bit out of my way but I will go for the freshness and the donuts are cheaper at friendly.

