Don't waste your time!!!
I dropped my wife off here for a quick fill.
I returned an hour later and she was still waiting to be serviced!
The most ridiculous thing was that she had made an appointment!
I would have snagged her and left but they had already strategically soaked her nails in acetone so we had to stay to fix this mess.
Never again!

Absolutely Terrible!!!
I dropped my wife off to have her nails done.
The owner said she new exactly what my wife wanted and proceeded to cut her long nails short without asking her.
She refused to clean my wife's nails properly saying it was not her responsibility and proceeded to rip off her gels with a knife.
After my wife complained, she said that she was a professional for 14 years, knew what she was doing and told my wife to get out of her shop.
I had to take my wife to another nail shop to fix her nails and a day later she is experiencing pain in her nails from the rough treatment she received.
Do your self a favor and avoid this shop at all costs.

I come here to get my eyebrows waxed.
Ann has been doing them for about 8 years.

This place sucks!
I walked in on a Thursday afternoon and there was only one person working.
One lady doing someone's nails and while she waited for them to dry under the UV lights, she did a girls eyebrow wax in the seat next to her.
Now they weren't together at all!
Meanwhile, myself and another gal are sitting with our feet soaked in the water for a pedi.
I asked the girl next to me how long she's been waiting and she was going on 40 mins.
THEN a really funky nasty smell comes from the back of our seats- yea gross, grimy, smelly water sewage smell.
I almost got up to leave.
Then.....I saw some cockroaches crawling around- and some dead and some random cockroach legs.
PUKE.
Also, some black droppings behind some of the pipes of our seats.
Now- I don't know what the smell was and why there's only one person- but I stayed for about 40 mins and left.
Never ever will I go back.

Owner was friendly and tried to say she would do an amazing job on us.
My gel nails chipped after 2 days of getting them done.
I went back and she fixed them but they proceeded to chip again a couple of days later.
Not sure what happened as I've gotten shellac tons of times and never had them turn out so poorly.
I also paid to have the "manicure" but got no manicure treatment besides cutting my cuticles and she rubbed lotion on for 2 seconds after I asked her about the massage.
Use with caution.

