Stopped in to see about getting new lenses for my Rx sunglasses.
There were several customers standing around and not a single employee in sight.
I browsed the shelves - strictly out of boredom - waiting to be noticed to no avail.
Gave up and left after 15 minutes.
You lost a sale, Eyeglass World!
Next time, try staffing your store appropriately.

We was there for more than 2 hours and waited on and off for most of that 2 hours.
They was all unorganized, we had to explain our entire story of why we was there multiple times even after talking to a person on the phone multiple times before we got there.
I would have thought they'd make a note of it or sign us up for an appointment or something but they was not be prepared for us.
It wasn't in and out like that.
We ended up signing and waiting.
They even skipped us a few times and helped people who signed up after us.
No acknowledgment or customer service, or explanation to why it was taking sooo long.
I even had time to walk around to neighboring establishments.
Glasses were poorly made quality that broke in a couple days of use and they didn't offer a discount to repair or replace.
Really need to find a good eyeglass place.
Only plus they have is reasonable prices and good selection of frames.
But a guess you get what you pay for.

The sales and purchase part of getting my 2 frames was fine.
But picking them up was a huge hassle.
They screwed up one order.
They left me a message before I went to pick up one pair asking me about the other pair, apparently there was a problem...
I get there and they said the other pair had a mistake and they would be recieved later in the week.
After I leave with 1 new pair, they left me another message right after leaving, asking again about my other frames.
I missed the call and they were closed the next day.
I get a call a few days later to come pick up my other pair.
I get there, and they had ordered the same frames I already had.
They tried to blame the sales lady but the receipt I had was clear that they were 2 completely diff brands of frames.
Oh and the frames I originally picked out had mysteriously disappeared from the displays...
Overall they seem very unorganized and don't seem to care about the customers with exception of the older asian guy.

Kate was very helpful.
Thanks!

I don't know why this place only has 2.5 stars...
I had an amazing experience here!
Such a friendly staff, i couldn't get over how Nice everyone was.
I did their special &60 for an eye exam and the 2 for 1 eye glasses deal.
All in all i walked out with two pairs of glasses (FCUK French Connection frames) and a eye exam for $200.

Very polite staff and affordable pricing!
They took me even though I usually go to the Sahara location.
Highly recommend this practice and their service was awesome!
Thanks so much eyeglass world:) I can see again!

Oh boy.
I don't like giving bad reviews but I have to be real with you.
Strike 1: I had an eye appointment on a Saturday morning and got extremely lost because my GPS was taking me to the ghetto (turns out- my GPS ended up being correct).
I tried calling the store 4 times and even left a voicemail.
They did not respond back before I found the location or at all.
They never called me back despite my panicked voicemail.
Does Eyeglass World check their voicemails?
Strike 2: Upon arriving (on time since being "on time" to me means being there 5 mins early) there was such a crowd in the waiting room that by the time it took me to get "processed", I was 20 minutes late for my 9:30am appointment.
No problem- it's understandable that it takes awhile to process new patients.
However, the front desk clerk was so overwhelmed, it really stressed me out.
I was informed that patients are booked every 15 minutes.
Whoa- so much for investing in your patient's health!
Since it took awhile to process me, my appointment was cut even shorter.
Strike 3: The waiting room is in the SAME location as the first half of your eye exam!!!
Really?!
When I saw this, I was mortified and wanted to find another provider ASAP.
However, I needed contacts really badly.
Everyone in the waiting room will see them blow puffs of air into your eyes and all the commentary that comes with that portion of the exam.
Is this in any way a violation of HIPPA?
Maybe not but I was incredibly uncomfortable.
Strike 4: Lack of follow-up!
I needed them to send me a receipt for my FSA account.
I called on a Monday and was told that they were going to mail it as soon as possible.
Come Friday, I still did not receive my receipt so I had to go to the store to pick it up.
I waited 15 minutes before someone even asked me if I needed help.
General vibe: Low quality, poor patient service, will never come back here again.
Please destroy my file!
I will be finding another provider.
Thanks!

This is the first time I have used Eyeglass World for my glasses.
Everyone greets you and I felt very welcome.
Tim helped me pick out my glasses and was very helpful.
When I went to go pick them up, the other staff helped me.
They took plenty of time to make sure my glasses fit and that I was happy with my glasses.
Tim came over and checked in with me.
I left felling very pleased and would recommend this location to anyone that needs to shop for glasses.
I would go back for my next pair without a doubt.
Thanks Tim and staff !

I have one of the worst prescriptions for any optician to work with.
I spent a month waiting for two pairs of eyeglasses that I ordered from a Lenscrafters store in my home state of Vermont only to be told they couldn't make them.
This after charging me nearly $2000 for both pairs.
During this time , I moved to Las Vegas.
I pretty much googled my way to Eyeglass World and after inquiring about my prescription over the phone, decided to give them a shot.
I really lucked out when I went in.
I was helped out by a very bright optician named Katelynn who really knows her stuff.
She was incredibly pleasant and helped me pick out frames, which is nice for someone who cant really see what they look like when they try them on.
In the end, I was able to get not one but TWO pairs of high end designer eyeglasses (gucci and rayban frames) in a high index progressive lense for less than $800!!
On the advice of Katelyn, I decided to make one pair with transitions lenses and I am so pleased with the result.
I cant say for sure but the lenses in my glasses seem even thinner and lighter than what I have been able to get with high index materials in the past.
The turn around time was less than two weeks and Katelyn, knowing of my awful recent experience with Lenscrafters, kept me informed throughout the process.
All the staff I met there are quite pleasant.
When I went in to pick up my glasses, Katelyn was very busy with another customer so I was helped by a very nice indian woman who took great care in dispensing the final finished product to me, making sure the lenses were very clean and smudge free.
Will I go back?
Thats a no brainer!
I hope they keep up the excellent work they do.
People like this mean a lot to a person with epic bad eyesight.

My wife and kids have gotten glasses here, and we've returned for a second pair only because of Tim's awesome customer service and each time we return he remembers us especially my 7yo boy.
We just recently returned for my son's second set of glasses.We paid around 300 for 2 pairs for my son.
This time Lovejeet helped us and she was great as well.

This store is filthy and falling apart.
EW really needs to move it to a newer strip mall or invest some serious money in rehabbing it (I suggest the former).
I ended up going all the way out to the one on Sahara (which isn't exactly high end, but is much better than this location) to make my purchase.
I can't really speak to the staff or services as I just browsed the selection and decided I didn't even want to deal with this place.
There's also a bus stop out front which causes lots of shady characters to mill around their parking lot.

