Dr. Bettencourt is a great listener.
She's attentive and thorough.
Bettencourt quickly identified and resolved problems that had bothered me for years after several other dermatologists had prescribed medicines that aggravated my issues.
I've never left her office without a sample.
I like this because I can test different products without making an investment.
I can always get in quick for an appointment too, within a day or two of calling.
During the appointment, she takes the time to answer my questions and explain medicine in ways I can understand.
Her waiting room is small and I usually have to sit there for a while.
I attribute the wait time to the fact that Bettencourt listens to her patients and explains diagnosis.
Course, scheduling should account for that, but it doesn't.
I'm like that too--always think I can cram in a bunch of stuff into a short amount of time.

Very personable and attentive.
Provides treatment alternatives and answers all questions.

Very competent physician but regularly overbooks appointments and wait times of 30 minutes to 60 minutes not unusual.

Had both an appointment and follow-up appointment with Dr. Bettencourt about six months ago.
She presented as professional, however I was put off by the lengthy wait time.
Fast forward to my appointment yesterday (one she suggested I schedule just to look at my skin to ensure no new moles had developed or worsened), and I was dismayed to not be taken to a room until 45 minutes after my appointment time.
I was asked to take my clothes off by the medical assistant, and once she left the room I did.
Looking around, there was no tissue paper or any sort of covering on the examination chair, which is incredibly unsanitary, so I chose to stand.
About 10 minutes later, the physician's assistant came in.
Short, abrupt, and confused as to why I was standing, she quickly looked over my body and started to touch my face-- bare handed, no gloves, and she did NOT wash her hands when she came into my examination room.
GROSS!
She then proceeded to try to write me two prescriptions, one for a couple pimples on my back and face and one for a teeny patch of not smooth skin (?
) on my forehead.
I declined, as I was taken aback that she was offering meds when I never even voiced a concern.
Finally, she told me that I should have a very small mole on my thigh removed, even though I am pregnant.
To my knowledge, skin trauma should be avoided during pregnancy, and I found it odd she didn't even recognize this.
When I declined this as well, she asked 'WHY?
', and basically brow beat me into getting it done.
I honestly should have just walked out.
Overall, it was a terrible, unprofessional experience and I have no plans of returning.

