I tired this business few years ago and hated it.
I went a few times to have a full set of nails put on by Megan.
Awful job, my nails were thick and sloppy.
Since I live around the corner, I decided to try them again but try someone else.
I also tried the gel polish instead, seemed simple.
So I thought, I had gel polish put on by Tri.
That same evening the color on my pinky nail popped right off!
then another the next day.
Ok, so I said to myself, things happen.
So with no issues Tri reapplied polish to those nails.
The next day more began to pop right off!
Ok so I go back, feeling like a pain but I thought, Hey this is not my fault.
I asked them to just redo the entire set since there was obviously something wrong with the first applicaton.
He refused.
So to make this story short, My gel nail color continued to fall off.
So I returned 2 weeks later and asked them to just take it off.
The kicker for me was that I was charged!
I expressed I didnt think I should have been charged since I had paid $30.00 for a bad gel polish.
After going back and forth I ended up paying.
Needless to say, I will NOT be going back, nor will I be referring anyone to that business.

I've been a loyal costumers for 7 years in this establishment and recently with the new owner MEGAN about 4 years.
about 2 MONTHS AGO i visited them and they were closed so I call the hair place next door called HAIR MECANIX and one of the hair styles told me that sexy nails will be closed because the health dpt.
closed them I was in shock because I know from experience that sexy nails are a clean establishment time went by and I finally went back to sexy nails and I asked the owner MEGAN and another one of her technicians clarify me that the day they were closed it must of been for the holidays I was still very curios as I had told that nail technician I wouldn't care any ways because I love them.
Time went by and for the last weeks I haven't been able to have my nails done from the owner MEGAN so today thursday my husband called to make an appointment  because I've been said NO too many times , to my surprise the owner MEGAN had availability but not for me!!!
I called her to confront her and she told me She didn't like me because I was mean and was talking bad about her bussines!
This was her way of retaliating against me for been skeptic about the health dpt.
closing her a while back Or so I was told.
It's unfortunate how immature she is .
Years of me been loyal and referring her went down the drain.
She lost a lotal costumer ;-(

After getting my eyebrows threaten next door I decided to get a pedicure done.
I went and got a pedicure by a Native American lady (I didn't get her name) .
At first when I walked in I didn't know if it was a good idea because the salon didn't look "accordingly" but to my surprice her service was great.
The pedicure did take quite a while , but I loved that, loved that she took her time to make my feet pretty.

