Vegas....  slot machines, beer and cigs.
That's all you need to survive.
food items are a little over priced.
$5 for bag of trail mix?
they people are nice.
the place is clean and organized.
beer choices are standard fare, but nice and cold.
they have pretty much everything you need for a mini-vacation.
sun-tan lotion, chips, cards, beer, coffee, milk, cereal and condoms....  **bonus:  lots of strippers shop here :)

Cheap, convenient place to stock up if you are on your way to the Strip from the MacCarran rental car place.

Open 24 hours including the pharmacy but if you have a choice go elsewhere-anywhere!
I was in misery, I broke a tooth, had to go to UMC clinic and this was the nearest 24 hour pharmacy.
There was nobody else in line in the drive-thru and Bola (Ebola) told me she was too busy to fill my prescription and asked what time the next day I wanted to pick it up.
I told her I wanted to wait for it and she said it would take too long to put me in the system.
I informed her I was already in the system and I would wait.
She said it would take 1 HOUR to find my information and if someone pulled up behind me I would have to drive around the building and get behind them.
Then I told her I needed to speak to the pharmacist AND the store manager and that lit a fire under her ass.
I gave her my insurance card which she claimed she did NOT know how to process then walked off for 20 minutes while it was freezing outside and I had 2 kids in the car!
Finally, I had to honk the horn for what seemed like forever and she strolled back to the window still eating her egg salad which was all over her face and pharmacy tech smock and said, "What?
" I said where is my prescription?
I've been here an hour!
She said I thought you didn't want it because I didn't use your insurance.
I AGAIN had to ask for the store manager AND pharmacist and she magically remembered how to process insurance!
I finally got my Rx's then she asked to see my driver's license to "Log it" because I got pain pills and started to berate me like a drug addict for having a broken tooth and being in pain!
My next sentence began, "Look bitch..." People like her are the reason I don't carry a concealed hand gun.
Lazy and abusive just because she can be and of course illegal and threatening some kind of African Voodoo Mojo.
Totally bizarre.
Never again will I visit that store.
Total BS.
I have never had any issues with another pharmacy except Target in Boca Park when the pharmacist refused to fill my husband's Rx when he had just left the hospital.
She quizzed him on his room number, doctor, etc.
and I saw her do it to other black customers.
When I walked up and tore into her ass she shut up since I'm Caucasian and she got reported to the licensing board.
These people are what is wrong with health care in America.
It's not bad enough that you have to deal with your insurance company, then you have to deal with this crap too!

I only went here to get a prescription filled on Christmas Day and I'm giving this place a 5 stars because it is open on holidays.
As far as I can tell everything else looks like all the other CVS.
As far as customer service.
I cant comment on that because I didn't buy anything

Because the bathroom was locked and no one was around to help, decided to get my stuff at Walgreens instead.
Don't know why I still come into CVS stores....always disappointed.

Waited for five minutes for someone to acknowledge me.
Go to Target on Blue Diamond, much more helpful!

Nice and clean but grossly overpriced compared to Walgreens or rite aid.
Bathrooms locked which sucks when you have a 3 hour drive ahead of you.
Not worth the stop.

Great Service and convenient location

All I can say is they need better customer service!!!
This is from the pharmacy to the cashier in the front.
Its like sorry you work here but, at least you have a job!!

This is my most frequented CVS, mostly based on location and the pharmacy is open 24/7.
I also really like that they have a drive thru.
I can drop or pick up my prescriptions with ease on the way home from work.
Staff is usually friendly.
I do recommend giving them 1-2 hours to fill prescriptions.
They don't seem to be able to get them ready earlier than that.
I've always assumed it's because this is a pretty busy location, but I'm not sure.

Grr!
I called before I drove over to confirm that they had a copy machine.
Spoke to a woman on the phone who confirmed they did have one.
I guess it is my fault because I didn't ask if it was operational.
When I get there I went to the photo department to all about the copy machine.
A woman directed me to the back of the store on the right hand side.
I found the copy machine and stuck a few quarters in to make my copies.
It lights up but doesn't make any copies.
At this point I'm very irritated, so I go back to the front and speak with a nice man.
He tells me the copy machine had been down very several days.
He asks if I want my quarters back but no, what I want is to make some copies...
It just frustrates me that neither the woman on the phone or the women in the store cared enough to know that the copy machine in their store doesn't work.
There was no Out of Service sign.
This is just terrible customer service as far as I'm concerned.

This is the worst CVS Pharmacy ever, well at the very least in California and Nevada.
Want to wait in a line of 10 people to check out....?
Well then come here!
Want everything locked up so you have to actually call someone to help you ?
....This is your place!
Would you like a side of attitude with your checkout process when you suggest they might want to call another cashier with 8 people in line?
Well then Susan is your girl!
Maybe they should institute a policy that  more than 3 people are in line or two people that have shopped for year, call another cashier immediately.
The only way they finally opened up another register is a associate happened to walk by by and notice it.
Not the first incident of this.
I am going to avoid this place at all costs in the future.

So I bought 1 item.
After payment went through I remembered I had a coupon.
I asked the cashier Susan if I could use it.
Susan said "but it's done already.
" I asked if she could void it.
So she voids and asks "so you don't want it anymore?
" I said that I do but I just wanted to use my coupon.
As she is ringing me up again, she tells her coworker next to her "she's just doing this to get another extra care buck".
I did not even KNOW that another one would print out.
She could've waited til I left the store to talk smack about me instead of me standing 2 feet in front of her!

We came here late at night to make our purchases since we were staying in a hotel nearby.
Every time we came, the employees were always friendly.

