Mulligan's Border is one of a boat load of taverns around Las Vegas and while it has your standard bar and video poker it also has really good food and great service.
They take their bar food to the next level by understanding how to prepare and serve it.
It is fair to say that I have had just about everything on the menu there and I have not found anything that disappointed me.
My personal standard is just a simple burger cooked medium rare.
The burger comes to me juicy and tasty and the bun is toasted correctly so it does not fall apart.
There is something to be said for a good burger and that alone has kept me and my wife coming back for more.
We call this place our "Cheers" because everyone seems to know our names.
They do not have a huge menu, but the menu they have they do well and I like that.
You can tweak your meal here and their and they do not put up a fuss and if the server does not know if it can be done he talks to the chef and they get it done.
Like I said, service is top notch.
They may not "Crumb the Table" but they do make your experience there as good as possible and that too is commendable.
Yeah, me and my wife are fans and we go there several times a week.
Give it a try.

the only thing i've tried are the fish tacos and i would have these every day if i could.
the tortillas are a little on the greasy side, but everything is just so tasty.
i asked for salsa and sour cream (though the server looked at me funny) it adds just a little more flavor...YUM

This is a good example of a Las Vegas original: A "locals pub.
" These are places to drink, eat, watch sports and gamble (sorry, I mean "game") all at once, or just do one or the other of the above...and either with groups of friends, a date, or just by yourself.
Mulligans meets these expectations well with solid, consistent food and service.
Seems to be a favorite with local law enforcement, since whenever we drive by, there's usually one or two police cars parked there (for the food, of course, as it's a safe neighborhood!
)  Mulligans is not too much to look at on the outside, but inside you can either head left to the bar area or right to the restaurant area, both decorated in Southwestern style, with cool movie posters and Western memorabilia on the walls and TV's to watch Sunday football on.
In our visits, we've only been to the restaurant side, but people on the bar side look like they're having fun watching sports and playing video poker.
What you look for in a locals pub in terms of food is what you get at Mulligans- standard bar food with your typical appetizers, hamburgers, sandwiches, salads, pasta and breakfast items with a couple of cool twists (try the breakfast burrito or the Cobb salad to see what I mean.
) Plus, if you are like me, the type of person who needs hash browns, not "breakfast potatoes" with your eggs and bacon, they've got that here, unlike some other locals pubs.
We've been there for breakfast and lunch and there are various specials (both food and drink) depending on when you are there.
But even at full price, it won't break the bank.
Being a locals pub, you can expect mostly good service with the occasional off-day- once when we were there, the waitress took forever to notice us and took a while to take our order and return with drinks...and then she got the order wrong.
But the other times we've been, service has been good and the wait staff is definitely helpful and friendly.
Three stars rather than five because neither the menu nor beer selections are as broad as at other locals pubs and having been there a few times now, we've not had to really look hard to choose our favorite items, but for a place with consistent service and well-executed standard fare, it's a good place to have in your rotation.

Excellent dinner!
We had the chicken fried steak.
Came with fresh assorted veggies and mashed potatoes.
Food came in 15 minutes and was piping hot and delicious.
Crust on the steak was crunchy and just right.
Service was very good.
Dining room is spotless.
I like how they have the dining room walled off with glass to keep the smoke and noise out from the sports bar.
The meal was just $5.99.
They have other dinners also for $5.99.
I will be a regular diner here.

Great Food.
Fish tacos are awesome.
The bar is a little smokey, so I usually eat in the restaurant or get takeout.

This place is awesome for one main reason it's a typical locals bar.
You can eat drink smoke and watch sports on tv.
What else can you ask for.
The service is always friendly!
I gave it 4 stars even though I've never tried the food but I have heard its pretty good.

I like this Mulligan's.
I don't frequent this part of town as often as I used to, but when meeting friends around here, this is my spot.
Cool bartenders who like to have a conversation, which is an absolute requirement in my opinion.
Good beer selection in ice-cold pint glasses.
A nice selection of games for those who like to contribute to the local economy.
Just an overall good pub to stop for a beer or three.....or five....

SUPER COLD BEER!!!!
I like this place, the food is pretty good but the draft beer is excellent ..a big glass served just the right amount of 'cold' ... Nice bartenders too.
We visited  in in the afternoon, no idea what the night life is like but its quiet and friendly  with a 'Cheers' atmosphere during the day.
My husband claims this is his new favorite bar in Vegas.

Decided to go here for breakfast this weekend.
Nice quiet little place.
Food was great and decent pricing.
My bf got the 3 pancakes meal with bacon and eggs and I got the omelet with sourdough bread.
There was enough food to literally feed another person.
I couldn't get over how big and fluffy their pancake was either.
Definitely so much better than iHop or Denny's pancake and double the size.
My toast wasn't the typical small size white/wheat bread, they were huge!
Loved it.
Everything was delicious!
Would definitely go there again but this time to try out their hot sandwiches.
It took a little longer than we liked to get our food esp being that we were the only people there but it was okay.
The environment and decore was great.
The service was great as well.

Love this Place, Love the People, Food is great, and we win all the time!
Just last week my bf and I each hit a royal!
His was 5g and mine was 1g and much needed!

Any review of this bar before 2013 (even though complimentary) are outdated.
Every bartender I've met (and I cross shifts) are hospitable and friendly.
If i were better at names, i would shout out, but unfortunately I'm not, but i am comfortable in saying youll probably have a good time.
I did have one friend who he and his friends (all guys, of course) were kicked out for cursing during a game.
On the one hand it's during a game at the bar, on the other hand, how many bartender ladies are sick of men's s***?
There are plenty of other bars you can be crass at.
Not everyone wants to hear it.
So I actually respect her decision to kick them out, as I respect my friend's decision to be mad about it.
(He says they weren't being that bad, but I've met him.
:3 ) I've never eaten in the dining room specifically 'cause that ain't my style.
But as for the food...AMAZEBALLS, as the kids say.
Have you ever had a BLT with peanut butter??
If you conjure up any tiny desire to try it out, YOU MUST.
I figured I might like it, I had no idea HOW MUCH I would like it.
Turns out peanut butter is incredibly complimentary to bacon.
Must try!
If you're not as adventurous, the More Than A Turkey Melt is also incredible.
The bread alone is grilled with garlic butter, and I'll leave the rest to your imagination.
Someone mentioned a southwestern theme, and I honestly never noticed.
(More noticeable in the dining area), but I did just notice the 2 tiny wall spaces where there is southwestern paraphernalia, but mostly alcohol themed neon and game posters.
But looking at the menu, there does seem to be a southwester them: Ortega burger, also fabulous.
I've never won here, though.
(Shakey fist)

the staff is always friendly and food is great''

Great lunch destination.
Always plenty of seating, fast friendly service, good food at reasonable prices.
I love the pancake sandwich.
Bar side for video poker and smokers and a separate dining area for the rest of us, so no smoke issues.

