Typical.
Late night.....drive-thru kinda sucks!
You order at the first window (not through the speaker) but the window...so by the time you get to the second window ( if there aren't any cars in front of you) then you're just waiting for them to make your food.
So you can be sitting there from 10 minutes (minimum) to about 20 minutes.
Not really fast-food if you ask me but sometimes MCD's just fills the craving...especially after drunk and partying on the strip all night long and its time to just head back and unwind.

I hate McDonald's but my kids like a happy meal every once and awhile.
this is a nice location since they redid the inside.

I don't use the drive thru much but I was in a hurry to drop off my rental car and parking was non existent.
My order a Angus burger combo and a apple pie.
The burger was good, only exception there was excess mayo..
The fries were cooked perfectly - crisp and yummy.
I've always been a fan of the apple pies at two for .99 or the same for one.
Ended up getting only one.
Can't go wrong with McDonald's if you're in a hurry for fast food and they offer healthy options.

WORST McDonald's i've ever been to.
they put my strawberry shake on the counter and didn't call me for it, even though i was sitting at the stool right by the counter.
they put whipped cream and a cherry on my shake without asking me, so they had to do it over.
when i finally got it, my strawberry shake was barely pink in color with what looked like a squirt of vanilla shake on top of it.
and as for the taste, there wasn't any.
my first job was at McDonalds (one of the best jobs i'ver ever had).
our shakes were dark pink and yummy - they didn't SUCK.
also, they had two managers back there talking about anything but running the restaurant.
the floors were dirty and the clientele isn't the best.
just another noisy, busy, gas-station stop, impersonal, hole-in-the-wall McDonald's.
yuck.
will never go back.

This place is disgustingly filled with flies everywhere!
Not just a couple.
Several hundreds of them.
Some constantly buzz around you.
And hundreds more just chilling on the ceiling.

The sliding door to the Vegas Summer heat was open & broken during my entire visit.
The fries were sub par, but I powered through them because I was so hungry.
I should have asked for new fries which has been a good idea in the past.
Did you know you can order fries sans salt?
The chicken wrap was ok, but I've had better from other McD's before.
The staff was nice when taking my order.

Stopped in for a quick bite to eat, as I was running very late to meet friends.
I normally avoid places like this, but when you are in a hurry and your options are limited ya do what ya gotta do.
The drive thru line was too long, so I went inside.
I figured I'd get the two Cheeseburger deal, since they looked small and easy to eat while driving.
The customer service was ok and the food came out pretty quick, almost too quick.
Place seemed clean.
I don't really feel it's fair to remove stars based on me not liking fast food.
This is definitely as good as I expected it to be, which isn't much.
The first issue that I thought was a little weird.
While I was waiting for my food, a father and son came up to order more food.
The father asked if she had a side of fruit for his son.
She replied no.
When she walked away I told him, that it looked like they had apple slices in the kids menu.
When she came back he asked her and she said that they did have those.
Last I checked apples slices were still fruit, but whatever.
He asked how much and she said something like 50 cents or a dollar, then he asked how many came in that serving and she said 2.
We both assumed she meant 2 slices... so he ordered like 3-4.
When she gave him the 3-4 bags they easily had 4-6 slices in each bag.
So I wasn't overly impressed with her knowledge of the menu, and felt that she didn't really seem to be invested in ensuring that she was giving out the correct information.
This guy didn't really look like he was on a budget, but still he definitely didn't seem to need all of those apples for one small child.
My second issue is that I asked for my cheeseburgers without onions, and when I got in the car and opened up the wrapper, both burgers were covered in chopped onions that were basically impossible to easily remove.
Boo!!
I'm assuming I won't be back until the next time I'm desperate for a quick food fix.
Why can't Five Guys have a drive thru window... sad face.

Worst McDonalds!!!
After waiting at the drive thru for about 5 minutes I had ordered an iced coffee with cream only, when I got it I could tell the coffee wasn't fresh, it had a sour/ bitter taste.
I went back through the drive thru, this time waiting about 10 min.
to ask for a refund and the lady rudely told me "you said no sugar so of coarse it's going to taste bad!
"  Really?!?
No!!
That's how I like my coffee!!
Way to start my morning!
I will never go back to this location.

This place is connected to a Chevron gas station and is open 24/7.
The inside is sometime messy but, the staff that works the drive thru is usually always nice and gets your order correct the first time.
I also like the fact that the drinks come in plastic cups and not the Styrofoam ones that some are using.
The plastic one make the ice last longer and so the drink stays colder.
This is an American staple and will always be back.

This restaurant was clean and I loved the flowers placed on the tables.
It made it restaurant warm and inviting.
Our food (breakfast) came out fast and our order was correct..

