So on my solo journey today I decided to stop in here and look for a "find" for my spare room.
I was excited at first when I saw all kinds of beautiful furniture and accessories everywhere.
They resell used pieces from hotels, liquidations, and personal properties.
All I can say was WOW...it was EXPENSIVE!
I am pretty sure that you can purchase most of those pieces brand new for the same, or maybe even a better price.
I was so floored.
On a positive side, they do carry some unique pieces.
I am sure that you can negotiate the price as well.

By first look this place is amazing.
But when you really start checking things out you see how expensive it is.
They do have some cool things but the place is so jam packed it's impossible to see everything.
I went in looking for a TV table & never was asked if I needed help or anything.

Yeah, this place has cool stuff, but things ain't cheap here.
There were cool pieces of art by someone named Viktor...Didn't find anything here during this visit, so off  we went to the pet store next door...ALOHA!!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(83/365) " Expensive Secondhand Stuff"

9/3/2012  Unethical customer service!
This store delivered a table and chair set I bought that came with 6 chairs and only delivered 5 chairs.
The set also included a china hutch.
I told the salesperson I didn't have room for that so she suggested I consign that back to them and they will sell it really cheap and I get 50%, I agreed to that.
All the receipts stated 6 chairs.
The delivery man brought it into my home and then said it only had 5 chairs and had questioned them about it before he loaded it onto his truck and they don't know what happened to the 6th chair.
They refunded my charge card but made me pay $65.00 cash to the delivery man.
I feel that was very unethical that I had to pay for that when they lost the chair.
The table was 79 in.
long and looked ridiculous with one chair on one side.
I saw this set two times before I bought it and knew it had 6 chairs so they either sold one accidently or somehow lost it.
They should have called me before the delivery was even made.
Then the manager called and said when I come back for my refund on my charge card to bring back the consignment contract and they will take the hutch back.
I did it but now I don't get the small amount of money I would have received by them selling the hutch for me.
I really don't care about that but they were just so deceptive.
The set was in very good condition and really a bargain but without the 6 matching chairs it looks strange.
My advice would be to take a pic of anything you buy from them and ask them to initial on your receipt how many items you purchased.
They kept saying they were sorry but they should have just admitted they lost the chair instead of trying to convince me I never saw 6 chairs.

This place like many consignment stores is a hit or miss depending on the day.
I will caution  you, if you see a piece you like buy it, their inventory goes fast.
They also have a jewelry case with estate items in there make sure to check it out.
I would be careful with prices and do some comparative shopping before you head in there.
I found some items over valued.
Also always ask if they can do better on a price.
If the item has been sitting there for a while, there might be some wiggle room on price.

