I love the italian subs!
And there fruit punch!

I like to think I live on the edge when it comes to food.
I will really try anything.
If you have ever tried Balut, then you know what I am talking about.
I know what your are saying, how is this guy talking about balut with a sandwich review?
I am saying this because when it comes to port of subs I am not adventurous at all.
In fact I get the same sandwich every time.
I get the #5 Smoked Ham, Turkey & Smokey Cheddar Cheese.
Yeah I know it's crazy, I mean there are 2 smoked items on this thing!
Ok I'm kidding, but I'm not.
I have to say I love this sandwich because it never disappoints me.
Port of Subs is that sandwich place that you always forget about and then realize you are missing out.
They have slicers set up so you know you are getting fresh cut meat as you order.
I really like their patented mustard mayo combination.
(I think it's patented.
)  This is such a mind blowing idea to mix the to condiments together!
The veggies always look fresh.
Overall they are tasty sandwiches.
If you are in the area check this place out.
It is a little tucked away in this strip mall.
Watch out when you are driving it this place because I have dubbed it the parking lot of doom.
When you go you will know what I am talking about.
Cheers!

everything tastes fresh every time i come here.

SInce I discovered Port of Subs I'll never down grade again to Sub Way.
They cut the meat right in front of you so you know its fresh!
Friendly Staff & the sandwiches always taste great.

Meh it was OK.
They do slice the sandwich meat in front of you and the whole wheat bread was surprisingly good, but in terms of options on toppings they can't hold a candle to Subway.
They have like the basics: pickle, lettuce, tomato, onion, and some mayo/mustard concoction already mixed together [not sure of the ratio of mayo to mustard but it looked so interesting I skipped it].
Service was fast, place was clean, was more expensive then Subway... was decent enough for a sandwich I guess, but not overly exciting.

I give it one star because the meat is fresh sliced.
The bread was falling apart, it was so thin.
And all the veggies looked old and wilted and the tomato was yellowish.
Won't come back

