The Silverado Ranch/Henderson/S.Vegas location mails out coupons for "free registration".
But when you try to use the coupon, they tell you that you have to pay the $75 registration now, and IF they can support your start date, they'll apply $75 towards the first week of tuition.
This is not disclosed on the coupon (false advertising).
On 1/4/10, we went in to register for a 3/15/10 start date.
I completely understand that they couldn't commit to having a space for a 3/15 start date.
But amazingly, we would have had to pay the non-refundable $75 registration fee and just hope that a space would be available on 3/15.
If they couldn't support the 3/15 start date, they still would not refund the registration fee!
Amazingly poor customer service.
Another thing to consider before using Kids R Kids anywhere in Vegas:  The Jones location in Vegas shut down with no warning to parents, despite the fact that management knew of the impending shutdown.
They selfishly wanted to retain as much tuition money as possible.

Take your kid somewhere else!
I made the mistake of sending mine here for a year before she started kindergarten.
Staff is so unprofessional!
While I never felt like my daughter was in danger I knew she certainly wasn't getting quality care.
But the hours worked and she had a lot of great friends that she looked forward to seeing everyday.
On her last day I came to her class with cupcakes and hung out for an hour or so and the teachers were horrid even with me in the classroom!
You'd think at least then they'd be on their best behavior.
Ugh.
Bad memories.
The lady that works the front desk has no social skills and was so rude!

Run away from this place!
This day care is horrific.
We sent our 1 and 2 year olds here and it was a nightmare.
They start the morning with this chaotic, anxiety inducing cafeteria style breakfast where babies and toddlers are mixed in with 5,6,7+ year olds.
We never were introduced to our older child's teachers and every time we tried to talk to them they acted like they were put out and too &quot;shy&quot; to chat.
They have cameras where you can watch your kids in the classroom but it just a front to make you feel secure.
One day our boys grandma was watching and she observed a morbidly obese caretaker place him in a high chair for close 2 hours while he was crying!
She tried to call us because she lives out of state and by the time we got there he was so worked up he fell asleep in our arms (which he had never done before) and had an awful diaper rash.
I don't want to disparage anyone about their weight, but all this woman did was eat snacks while sitting all day and did not have the energy to even move around.
It is just not an appropriate venue for someone over 300 pounds to be working.
A week before that my wife and sister observed a caretaker standing above a child on the ground berating her in another language when she thought no one was looking.
There were a couple of other incidents that were just shoved under the carpet by the director who is weasel of a man.
All they care about is warm bodies and are very lucky we did not press charges.
P.S.
- I'm convinced that most, if not all, the positive reviews on the web for this place are fake.
They even sound contrived.

Awful!
Awful!
Awful!
They keep your child in a highchair or crib as "timeout" for 30 minutes plus.
They verbally abuse kids and try to blame it all on the child's behavior, its because employees don't know what they are doing!
PLEASE, DO NOT PLACE YOUR CHILDREN HERE!

I am amazed everytime I go in and see the same faces as 6 years ago with my oldest daughter.
My son is in the 1 year old room.
They are very organized, clean, and caring.
I have been very pleased with his care after being at other places.
They never cheat the staff to child ratio as so many other places do.
Same ladies are with him everyday.
I recomend for parents looking for all around good childcare.

