Just got home after going out and trying to figure to get for din din for the family.
Got Carl's Jr for two people and Wendy's for the rest of the gang.... LOL.... For my son and me, I got the #11 combo which is the boneless wings with fries and a drink... We both got a Honey BBQ flavor and Spicy Chipotle for my Lil Sister.
The combos are sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo yummy that Lil Man was done eating before I started eating.
LMAO..
It was just right!

You can't go wrong with a salad from Wendy's!
I also love their Value Meal Chicken sandwiches.
I really like their "pick 2" menu....allows for a healthy salad and a little treat like fries or a shake on the side!
When I want to grab something quick...Wendy's is always at the top of my list of considerations!

The food is always good here and the service depends on wether or not you use the Drive-Thru.
If you walk into the lobby and order the service is usually great.
They walk around and ask for refills and are generally concerned how your meal was.
If you go through the Drive-Thru they are rude, 1/2 fill your drinks and really don't care if they get your order right.
The last two times I had to use the Drive -Thru I made sure I checked my order before leaving (which I got crap for) and found that they had given me the wrong bag.
Bottom line is that this is a good place to go if you are in a hurry and want some decent fast food.But make sure that you are not that much of a hurry that you need to Drive -thru because its all down hill from there!

Worst Wendy's I have ever been to.
Drove Thru at Midnight, me and 4 other cars had to pull around to the front.
I had to wait 17 minutes for a Baconator combo.
Then when it finally came out, the worker forgot the fries and the Coke and put ketchup on the sandwich which I asked for without.
Are you fricken kidding me?
WTF?
Wonder why people laugh when anyone suggests Wendy's.

The food is always good but if you go thru the drive thru the staff is ALWAYS RUDE.
I know better not to be fuck with people who make my food, especially since I love grabbing a quick snack after I get off work.
Double check your order too BEFORE you drive away especially at this location...

This place just keeps getting worse every time I visit.
From issues with the Drive Thru to issues with employees and managers not caring in store... this is by far the worst Wendy's in Las Vegas.

Always have my order wrong.
I hate that!!

