If you've never had a massage and don't care about the frou-frou bath robes and "spa experience," The Nevada School of Massage Therapy Clinic is a nice place to start.
Open weekends from 8-5:00pm, you can't beat the price ($32 for 50 minutes).
The room is dark and quiet and the staff is friendly.
They also run awesome specials (two-for-one's and $5 off).

I came in with a buy 2 massages for the price of 1 which makes it about $15 a piece.
Perhaps it depends on who you get, but the lady who worked on me was amazing.
The massage tables are divided by curtain dividers so it's not exactly as quite as one would expect but it is a school and if the massage is good you can quickly tune it out.
Very professional staff members too.
You don't need to make a reservation however they only work on the public on the weekend so I would recommend calling in a head of time and placing a reservation especially when they run specials.

I've been here twice with Regina P because she told me there were specials/coupons.
The first time, $25, was horrible.
The student was really just beginning and did not know what to do at all.
I told her deeper pressure but it was really light and the massage strokes were all over the place.
Ok, I get she is still learning.
The second time, $20, was awesome.
I told the student as deep as you can go.
She really did and she could have applied more pressure via trigger point but didn't know if that would be too intense.
I will be more clear next time I come back.
The way it works here:  -first come first serve  -you fill out a form and pay  -the team puts you in the system and in line  -you go to the waiting room/ cafeteria  -you get called for your session, meet your student  -they ask questions, make you fee comfortable  -walk into a big room with curtains that partition the rooms/sections  -at the massage table, they put on the sheets right then  -they leave, you undress  -they come back and give you massage  -you hear other people talking but there is music overhead  -after wards, you get dressed, get walked out and fill out a survey for the student.
-policy is no tipping   Note on the promotion days and when they send out the coupons, it can get packed here.
Go early so you don't end up waiting over an hour.

Where do I start, What a Horrible experience.... Talk about high blood pressure.
I WILL NEVER GO BACK...   My father goes all the time and I decided to go with him.
I have been in the pass but I said it was not worth the wait.
But he wanted to go..
So it was a good father/daughter bonding.
We arrived at the clinic and as usual long lines.
They stated it was an 1 1/2 hour wait.
We both asked for gender preference.
I do not feel comfortable with a man and either does my father.
They said no but my father stated that we just skip to the next female when we are there, as he has done in the pass.
We waited longer than an hour and watched people get called 3-4 times and when they came back from where ever they were put 1st on the list.
So when my name was called I had a male, I went up and asked to skip, they guy said NO.
I said they did it in the pass.
He said to go up front and talk to the manager, I said NO.
He showed me that you can get female preference with pre-approved and people actually had female preference interesting....
The manager came to us and PULLED us into his OFFICE like Kindergarten children.
He did not handle the situation like taking care of us right then and there!!!!!!!!!!!
WOW as I got more and more upset, we did get female preference.
He gave us reasons which did not make sense but that is the way he is going to run this business, I do not want to participate.
All of this could of been taken care of if the front entrance had better verbiage such as asking if we have been there before and given us the rules.
We would not of stayed.
I will say my student therapist Jennifer was fantastic.
My father did enjoy his therapist, but I would not recommend this place ever again unless they allow preference!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good luck with running the weekend massage school but POOR business tactics.
Yes and good luck to everyone that goes sits in a sweatbox room with people sick and coughing, nasty... NOT WORTH 32 dollars for 2 people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

A friend and I came to NSMT on a Sunday to enjoy some discounted massages!
Umm, I would say ok at the least.
I understand the folks there are new and learning.
I asked for deep tissue and got a mediocre back rub.
I paid about $50 for 2 hours of massage (turn over) and didn't think that was worth it.
I also didn't really like the fact that I had to dress up after the first massage, go back out and get another person and then undress again.
I felt rushed and not relaxed.
I would definitely continue recommending this place for people looking for a lower priced massage but it's all about the person you get.
It's like Russian Roulette.
Good luck!

You get what you pay for.
Once here, I got a massage by a student whose hand was injured.
She massaged me with just one functioning hand!
Still, I gave it another try a few years later.
They have a guy now who is great, and I came back a month later on a Sunday morning and asked for a session with him.
The supervisor had to be consulted.
He said I'd have to wait at least an hour.
I said, no problem.
Then he says, "well, I have to clear it with him (the student!?
) because he doesn't want very many requests.
" What kind of business doesn't want repeat customers who return?
What kind of school lets students call the shots?
Get ready for the REAL world, not the fake, insulated commercial schools that are afraid of losing money if the student is unhappy.
Geez, I'll never go back there.

