A neighborhood type lounge with reasonable drinks and decent food.
The staff is friendly and remembers your face and what you like to drink.
However, this is a watering hole not an ultra lounge or club.

I haven't been on the bar/video-poker side but the restaurant is great!!
Food is very reasonably priced and the menu has a great variety of cravings.
Daily specials are available.
Meal portions are generally double sized and great for taking the leftovers home.
This is not gourmet food,  it is down-home comfort food and I love going there!
Try the stromboli sometime!
Staff is always attentive.
You won't have to wait long if you need something.

I've been to this place quite a few times, and it's a favorite with my family.
Food is pretty cheap, and their taco's are AWESOME!
Simple, americanized tacos.
Crispy shell, ground meat, lettuce, cheese and salsa, but better than you could imagine.
You get 3 in a basket and I think it's like $5 or $6.
The fries, aren't my favorite though, as they are the crinkle cut fries, but they're fries, so I don't really give a crap, I still eat them.
I've never had the stromboli, but it's good.
In the bar part of the restaurant, you can also order food.
I usually get a mandarin (Absolut) and tonic and some tacos and sit at the bar and grub.
There's sports and random tv on....and they have a jukebox.
The people who work there are always friendly and get you what you want.
I've also had some really interesting conversations with people there....
I used to live in Silverado Ranch, literally a stumble away from T-Birds.
I was there one night until 8:30 am.
Talking, drinking and just enjoying myself....
So, all in all, I love T-Birds.
Good, cheap food, good, cheap drinks and a decent place to enjoy it in.
Also, check out the mural on the wall in the bar, the road is made entirely of spent beer bottle caps.

I've lived just a few miles from the T-Bird Lounge for years, and have never been inside till tonite.
It's not high-end, but it's not ugly, either.
Not a dive-bar really, but definately not Ritzy.
I had dinner there in the resturaunt-side, and can't really comment on the bar aspect of it.
I ordered the teriyaki wings, and they were excellent.
T-Bird deep-fries, then sauces them, THEN puts them on the grill, to get even more crusty and slightlly charred.
The teriyaki sauce  tasted homemade and was delicious.
The Stromboli of Doom was ordered by my MIL.
She got the "small" size origional, and when it came out..I laughed like a hyena!
It was HUGE!
At least 5 pounds in weight, and the size of a school notebook.
About 3 inches fat, it was just amazing!
This "small" Stromboli can feed 3 or 4 people EASILY.
The flavor is excellent, to match.
Filled with pepperoni, salami, sausage and mozzerella cheese, it was VERY very filling!
The dough around it was top-notch and light and flaky.
Service was very good.
Attentitve and always with answers to lots of questions.
This is an ideal place to get simple food, prepared GREAT, for a cheap price.
I'd highly reccommend it after going out after drinking/partying.
MUCH better than Village Pub or Goldfinger's.
I have a new fave local place to go for great food!
A huge bonus, they are a short block away from Neilsen's Frozen Custard, a perfect dessert after such a perfect meal!

Just another local bar like PT's, with a pool table and a jukebox.
My first time here just to chill with friends at 3am with nothing else to do.
We all ordered wings and fries which was ok.  Everyone here seems to be a regular.
3 stars because first impression wasn't that great because of a drunk patron yelling out obscenities to the bartender calling him out, trying to fight him.
It lasted for a while with other guest jumping in to escort the guy out.
Where is a bouncer when you need one?
Maybe I'll give it another rating again if for some reason I end up coming here next time around.

This place has good cheap eats.
But the service and clientele have gone way down.
This is a played out garbage place.

My boyfriend and I like to go chill with our guys after work to T-Bird.
We usually go here about once or twice a week and I realized I failed to write a review about this place!
We usually go into around 11pm.
Its usually Mike or Melissa that is working.
They rock, so down to earth!
Its funny, for as many times were go here, we always end up ordering the same stuff: 1.
The Feast- 36 wings (half plain & half teriyaki CHARRED); Stromboli; Caesar Salad (YUM... you know if the caesar salad is LEGIT if its extra stinky!!!
); basket of fries.
Western Burger- served with either cole slaw, potato salad, potato salad.
DUDE the burger is a monster!
It has thick bacon and onion rings.
Its the type of burger you see on a Carls Jr. ad where the bbq sauce falls on your shirt and gets on your face.
Ending your day exhausted, its one of the best places to grab and ice cold beer and grub on some food!!

Hefty portions, great value, homey comfortable service: not overly efficient, but not slow either.
Stick to T-Bird specialties and typical fare.
Being adventurous doesn't pay here.
Ask the waiter what's cooking to find the best options.
Pros: Cheap, hefty, homemade feel.
Cons: distinct bar atmosphere, poor atypical fare.

We love T-Bird!
It's a great place to eat with our toddler.
Service has always been great, food is cheap and comes out quick.
When we don't have a plan to go anywhere else, we always go to T-Bird.

This is one of my favorite neighborhood breakfast joints since Shuck's closed.
Everything is good on the breakfast menu, except the Steak & Eggs Special (oddly enough).
The non-breakfast menu gets a little iffy.
The restaurant is less than a block from my place.
But I rarely went the first two years I lived here because the (non-breakfast) food was consistently mediocre.
So one time I talked to the waiter and told me everything on the menu besides the stromboli and wings was suspect.
How do you f@#k up a club sandwich.
The found a way.
The stromboli, however,  is a huge pillow of pizza deliciousness.
The wings are ok, depending on the sauce you choose.
I'd skip the rest of the menu.

I was in the mood for wings and wings is what I got.
Not sure what else to say.
They weren't anything special, just wings.
Kind of on the small side.
($8.25 for a dozen and side of fries.

Great food good service.
The bar has good air filtration so it is not all smokey.

They have two dollar draft domestic beers, lots of screens.
Clean environment.
The staff were nice.
Didn't order any food.

Best wings in town!
We really like this spot for the wings and draught beer.
We especially like the krinkle cut fries.
Yummy...

the chicken wings are the best in vegas!!!!!!
make sure you ask for the charred wings.
crunchy goodness.
usually hit this place of 2-3 times a month service is usually good and i have never had a complaint about the wing except when they are all gone

I've haven't done a review for T-birds yet?
That's crazy!
I wind up at this place at least once a week it seems.
Breakfast is okay.
Most of the breakfast food tastes a little bland.
They have chicken fried steak, ham, eggs, omelettes and other stuff.
Nothing ever impressed me much.
There are quite a few good things for dinner though.
The stromboli is humongous.
I have been dared to eat the large one before, and have failed.
I think I can do it if I give it another chance though.
I just need to not eat for 3 days beforehand.
I finished off a large stromboli with a friend and the bartender was impressed as even with two people it's a lot of food.
In addition to being enormous, it's also quite tasty.
The nachos are pretty good.
Large servings on that as well.
The wings are great.
I prefer the teriyaki and the hot wings.
Pro tip: get the hot wings seared.
Rueben sandwich is good.
Clam chowder in a sourdough bowl is a disappointment.
The bread tastes rubbery and is a bit on the small side.

Went twice in the last two days.
We ate at the bar the first time around 4p.
Chicken wings were amazing!
Fries good too.
Came again for breakfast on Sunday around 1030a service was horrible but food was good.

Been a regular here for quite a while and have been happy that with the great service here.
The staff here acknowledges my girlfriend and I everytime we're around.
Chill atmosphere, chill workers, normally an older crowd in this place.
Cheap priced liquor, and food is good!
Decently priced as well with normally all plates well under $10.00.
If you plan on coming here your first time, I suggest you try the stromboli!
Very delicious and very huge.
Scary thing is, there's an even larger stromboli than the regular size.
If there is someone out there who finishes a large stromboli alone, please shoot me a message and I will happily pay for that in respect and honor of your potentially large consumption.
The steak & eggs are also quite tasty as well.
For about $6.50, you get a nicely cooked 7oz juicy steak with eggs, toast of your choice, and cottage fries(potatoes).
Moreover, my favorite is the triple B burger.
A huge 1/2 pound burger with blue cheese and bacon along with the additional condiments that includes lettuce, tomatoes, and etc.
They also serve quite a lot of fries with it!
Overall, a very nice and chill spot to drink and eat for the locals.
Conveniently located on the busy business street of Eastern in Silverado Ranch.
The only reason why I deducted a star from this joint is because they charge $1.00 for any take-out items which I don't understand but hey, cheap food!

I also forgot to reiterate the greatness of the wings.
Why go to Buffalo Wild Wings when you can go to T-Bird?
The two aren't even comparable.
I will choose T-bird for their 12 wings + fries at $8.25 over BWW any day of the week.
And yes, that also includes Tuesdays.
Save your taste buds for T-bird.
Don't settle for less.

This place is great.
No matter how busy or empty the place my be, the service is always good.
The food is excellent for what its meant to be...Bar food at a good price and lots of it!
Some of my favorites include the Chicken Wings.
These suckers and big and if requested you can get an equally big side of Ranch or Bleu Cheese for a nominal charge.
Be sure to order them charred for an experience most wing joints don't offer.
The  large Stromboli is also probably the biggest dish offered in Las Vegas.
I seriously can't think of any single order here in town that you can get bigger.
T-Bird should have a challenge for anyone who can eat a large one and Man vs. Food should do a piece on it as well.
It's that big!
Not only that, it is also tasty and at a very reasonable price.
Finally, I really like the chili here.
It's nothing fancy but it does the job as chili should.
Hearty and delicious!
Be sure to order it with cheese and onions.
I always get this as an appetizer.
If you haven't tried T-Bird, be sure it give it a go.
It's been here forever and for good reason!

my boyfriend and I go here every Sunday for breakfast and sit at the same booth and we get the same waitress, Debbie.
She makes sure everyone is taken care of and remembers us when we come in.
My brothers favorite dish is the Philly ..its awesome!
But anything you try, you wont be disappointed, and ask for Debbie :)

A quick bite to eat and a beer at 2am?
Not a problem.
T-Birds has all the greasy bar fare and a few salads for those who might not want a late night snack that will leave you tossing and turning.
After a rough week of training, being surrounded by beers I could see and not have, I needed a drink.
I have not been to T-Birds since my broke college days, but I remember the fond memories about their wings.
Their NY salad is on the tough side, but for $7 no one is expecting prime cut.
The nachos are massive and could easily feed two.
The beer selection on draft is not large, but varied enough to satisfy.
The wait staff is warm and checks up often.

Favorite place in Vegas

If you are looking for a good, cheap breakfast then welcome to T-Bird Lounge.
I've had the omelet with home potatoes,  biscuits and gravy, NY steak and eggs with home potatoes ($6.50), and sausage/egg/cheese breakfast sandwich ($5) and it's all good.
Waitstaff is pleasant and the food comes out quicker than expected from the kitchen.
I've only dined in the lounge where children are welcome but they also have a 21+ bar area with gaming machines.
This place is open 24/7 and I thing my next stop here will be for some late night grub.

5 Stars for T-bird Lounge  T-bird Lounge is a local restaurant and tavern in the Silverado Ranch area.
Growing up in Vegas it's always been a common stop for a quick affordable bite to eat.
Whether you're looking for a family-friendly dinner, late night snack, or a great place to have a beer after work this is the place to go!
The atmosphere is no fancy steak house but since the remodel the place has a great comfortable feel.
The restaurant is all seat yourself and you're given a great variety of whether you want to be seated in a booth or a table.
TV's are located around the whole restaurant and the bar area.
During the holidays the staff always goes the extra mile to decorate the place and bring a little cheer to your experience there.
They have a couple trophies won by their softball team hanging around the restaurant to add to the sense of community.
With the new separation of the restaurant from the bar you can enjoy your dinner without the common Vegas problem of being surrounded by smokers.
The food available there for the price they offer is just unbeatable!
With years of ordering their teriyaki chicken wings charbroiled under my belt, I can easily say they are the best you can find.
Other places like Buffalo Wild Wings may offer more sauces to choose from but T-birds wings are not only more affordable but just so much more satisfying.
If you're a fan of the hot stuff I dare you to give their hot wings a shot, if you don't like to sweat I'd stay far away from them.
If you're planning on taking your kids out with you they have a great kid's meal options and some of the best chicken fingers you can ask for.
Their chicken fingers are all white meat and the batter is fresh and crispy, you might even catch yourself stealing some from your kids.
If you're feeding a huge party or just feeling mighty brave give one of their famous Stromboli's a shot.
I must warn you though the portions are much more then you expect.
It is nearly impossible to finish the large Stromboli even with five people in tow, be prepared for tons of leftovers!
Though I'm a stickler for their dinner and lunch items they also make a killer breakfast.
If you're a lover of some good old southern cooking, their chicken fried steak is very tender and the gravy is creamy and a great compliment to the dish.
I can't pass up adding a side of fluffy pancakes to whatever breakfast I do decide on.
Breakfast is available at all hours of the day so for those of you who love some French toast for dinner your set.
They also offer some healthier alternatives for those looking for a few less calories or working on their cholesterol such as oatmeal, fruit cups, and cottage cheese.
Every once in a while I happen to go in for breakfast when one of the classic car groups are having a get together, such a great time seeing all the vintage cars in the parking lot!
No matter what you're ordering off the menu T-birds staff is there to make sure your experience is a great one.
As soon as you are seated the staff is always right there to greet you no matter how busy it is.
The restaurant is filled with regulars and don't be surprised if after a couple times of going there one of the waitresses remembers your name and even your order!
Many times I've been personally greeted by the manager Mary Alice always curious of how you're enjoying your meal and if there's anything else she could do to better your time at T-birds.
This courtesy isn't exclusive to just the restaurant side either the bartenders are always on the move and making sure you are taken care of at the bar.
The swing shift bartender DJ is always on top of her job and your drink never gets a chance to run low even on a packed night.
T-bird attracts a great group of regulars that add to the great feel of T-bird and you'll always hear laughter ringing through the place.
The bar area also offers a selection of video poker and a separate area for pool and shuffle board for those who don't just like to sit around.
T-birds also has the NFL football package so you can catch all of your games come Sunday.
All in all if you're looking for a cheap and tasty meal with the family or a great place to hang-out on your night off the T-bird is worth your time to check out.
The restaurant offers a great environment suitable for bringing the entire family for a good bite to eat, a place for teens to meet up with their friends after a big high school football game, or an older couple to come in and get their usual.
For the older crowd a bar to meet some new friends and share a couple drinks over good music and food.
This place is much more than the PT's and Goldfinger's found on every corner in Las Vegas, T-bird Lounge is one of the local hidden treasures and that's what keeps me coming every time I'm back in town!

Got the "small" Original Stromboli....it good but I should have ask to take the pepperoni out (hate it, my fault...oh well).
And onion ring which is good.
The place is dim-lighted.
They got a alcohol bar if you're looking to get drunk or just drink.
Even got the tv screen but the wi-fi is blocked.

Really tasty Burgers that give you the option of having a side salad without the extra cost.
Burgers made to order, very tasty and not skimpy at all.
A nice alternative to the typical fast food joint.

I have been coming here for almost 20 years and the staff is the most amazing ever

probably the WORST bar i've ever been to, this place thoroughly STINKS.
the bartender had a look on his face like he swallowed a fly.
he saunters over to me, i tell him what i want (a Malibu 7, but what other kinds of Malibu Rum do they have?).
5 minutes later he comes back.
they only have one kind, so i order it.
5 minutes later, he shuffles back, takes my money, and 5 minutes later, he stumbles back and while he's looking away from me, lays down my change and walks off.
scumbag.
no tip for you, LOSER!
never again will i dirty the bottom of my shoes in this crap-hole.
P.S.
there was hardly anyone in there.
no doubt this fly-eating slug scared them all away.

We came here for the bar food.
Good food.
Service was ok, sometimes we had to walk up to the bar to get small things like to go boxes, extra water etc.
Not too bad considering there was only a bartender and no waitresses.
The only thing missing was a lack of graveyard specials, other than that the food was pretty good.

Blah, I should have ordered the wings "charred", but I will most likely never go back to this place, very common food, not worth the price.
And the reviews were right the waitress disappears to God knows where.

I've been coming here for the last 2+ years and I've always been really satisfied!
Good food, affordable prices and really friendly service!
I love that they are open 24/7 and offer a nice selection of beers that aren't over priced either!
I'd highly recommend this place and I'll be sure to visit again soon.

Great bar.
Not too many people on Sunday or Monday night for football.
Yummy food.
(Their boneless wings and BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger are to die for!
) The bartender was really friendly and made fantastic drinks.

My friends an I decided to check out T-Bird in the hopes of finding some good late night specials and happy hour.
Too our surprise this establishment offers neither.
Coming in, the place was virtually empty, maybe two or three other people at the bar.
The lounge/bar is pretty typical: large bar with plenty of seats, video poker, pool tables tucked away in the corner and a couple of high tops/booths.
We seated ourselves and the bartender quickly handed us our menus.
The menu here is huge, about 4 or 5 pages, with at-least 10 different kinds of burgers/sandwiches, pizzas, and plenty of appetizers.
I was surprised to learn that they didn't have any late night food or drink specials.
The bartender didn't really have any recommendations so we ended up ordering some nachos and chicken fingers with fries.
The nachos were OK at best.
For whatever reason the cook decided to heap on extra olives and douse the whole dish with sour cream.
The chicken fingers and fries were pretty good but at ~$10 I expected more.
For the price, I could gotten better food at BJ's or Yard House.
The experience was pretty average, nothing memorable.
There are better spots in the area worth checking out.

So my sister and I stopped at this place to check it out because it was recommended by one of her friends who said they have the best hot wings in town.
Unfortunately it was all bad!!!
They're not all that, they're really dry and hard.
If you want to get good hot wings you're better off just going to BWW!

The best wings I've ever had!
Love them charred and dip them in their blue cheese and ranch dressing mixed.
Love this place!
Hands down best place for wings!

its super bowl Sunday 2013, my old high school buddy and I are far from our home town, and need a place to have a few beers, ea, t and watch the game.
We walk to the nearby T-birds, and have the option of the non-smoking dining area.
we jump at it since it's vacant.
We get our own, adorable waitress, and we order this amazing spread that feeds us both for days.
the food was spectacular, the service outta sight great, and the calzone is the size of a boogie board..and is a meat lovers dream come true.
I wish I had a T-birds withing walking distance, though with all the great food, I may need crawling distance instead :-P

We ate there last night, the first time we've been back there in years.
I Had fish and chips, YUK, they were greasy and tasted about as good as frozen fish.
The fries were not crisp.
My husband had the hamburger.
It was OK but nothing great.
The atmosphere in the restaurant is bland.
We won't go back

The Worst Reuben I've had anywhere.
Corned beef was like hard strips of rubber, no sauerkraut, and a small sandwich to assault to injury.
Great service though and low prices

It's a neighborhood lounge.
Kind of dive-y.
Definitely not clean and pristine.
Ok beer offerings.
Lots of options on the food menu.
Breakfast is served 24 hours a day.
Friendly staff.
They have pool, a jukebox, etc.
Since everyone talks about their wings, I had to give those a try.
I had the hot wings and the sweet chili wings.
Wings themselves were of ok quality.
They definitely could've cooked for longer.
The hot ones had a nice flavor.
The sweet chili ones were too Asian / too much like a sweet and sour sauce for my liking.
The wings were served with bland, almost icky ranch.
So overall, 2.5 to 3 star wings.

Stromboli...challenge.
Half the size of the table.
Everything but the kitchen sink is inside this delight.....wait a minute.
..yes, here is a faucet.
.. you are going to force it down to get it done....more than enough for 3 big men or 7 boy scouts

been going here for a few years now..we had a great server the other day Madison.
She was very pleasant and attentive.
We usually get the same few things so no big disappointments.
The breakfast is good and reasonable.
I do think its odd that their breakfast sandwich doesn't come with cheese (its extra).
The other day we went and my husband asked for no meat, but to add cheese.
I thought since he wasn't getting the bacon which it came with they wouldn't charge for the cheese, but they did.
They also have good Stromboli and chicken wings.

TBird is a great local spot to grab a quick & tasty breakfast/meal/drink served with a smile.
It's good, not great...sometimes the potatoes are overcooked, the bun of the meatballs sliders get mushy, the waitress does not include the green olives in your Bloody Mary then overcharges you at $4.25 after telling me it's $3.50...THEN explains they charge .75 for bloody Mary mix.
HUH?!?
It's mostly good, give them a shot.

