Hottie is a great source of costume clothing, jewelry and accessories.
This is where I buy my throw away dresses that are so cheap they are probably crafted of spun lead in some overseas sweat shop.
The prices are roughly equivalent to that of the anchor store it's located by--Target.
The most expensive dress I've bought here was $50 and was strictly for wearing in the clubs where it will get bitched up anyhow.
It's a great place to supplement your wardrobe if you're a chick who spends a lot of time in bars and/ or night clubs.

AnOther store I shopped at with my girl!
cute clothes here too!
Girls check it out!

Walked in here looking for a cute skirt for my birthday dinner.
First thing that caught my attention was the really weird smell.
It was like foul cleaner and BO.
Totally gross.
Sucked it up and looked around since they had some cute clothes.
Nothing is really in any kind of order, so I literally circled the store 3 times and found skirts in different places each time.
Kind of bothersome to me.
I never spoke to anyone and none of the employees spoke to me.
I wasn't in the mood to chitchat, but it didn't look like they approached ANY customers.
So heads up for those who don't like to ask for help.
Quality of fabric isn't spectacular on most garments, and seems like it wouldn't last too many washings - unless you hand-washed it perhaps.
The dresses are pretty cute, though, and I may come back to try some on for a wedding in the future.
On second thought...
I don't want my clothes to smell like the store.
Scratch that.
Um... Good lighting?

Cute little shop for girl's clothes.
There are a lot of options.
I spent an hour or so here the other day trying on a bunch of different clothes and I was able to get a few really cute dresses.
The store has style and the clothes seem to be current.
They seem to have a lot of club type dresses/outfits, but there is a fair amount of options for someone that doesn't want/need to show so much skin.
The clothes are pretty inexpensive, and the quality is about the same.
It's a great place for someone that likes diversity in their closet, but doesn't exactly have the budget that goes with it.
One issue is that they have a no return policy, so it is important to make sure that you really want something.
They will do store credit.
Shop with care.

This store location is nice neat and clean.
Way better than there Maryland location.
Good selection for club and casual wear at great prices!
There shoes are the best and comfy.
But just keep in mind a lot of there displays are the only size left in shoes.

