Upon entering the complex you will instantly notice the beautiful front entrance to the office.
It was covered with flowers in late bloom.
The lobby is fresh upon entering and the staff greeted me in just enough time before I got impatient.
The model apartment was obvioulsy made to WOW you, and it does.
I like to think I was very particular about the amenities, grounds and staff.
My daughter was impressed with the convenience store inside the office.
(I have not check whether the prices are reasonable or not) The pool has a Roman-esque style, stunning gazebo with gas BBQ grills.
By the way the pool & fitness center is open 24 hours and is under video surveillance.
The complex has 200 units and is gated with only REMOTE ACCESS ($35 deposit)  There is open parking, which is sometimes good and bad...
While going over my final selections for a spot to call home, I decided to walk around the grounds, say hi to the neighbors, ask what the utilities are running and   ***MOST IMPORTANT***   I asked each one, " WOULD THEY RECOMMEND AMALFI TO A FRIEND?
"  and they all said YES!
I am happy that I chose Amalfi.
It feels right, I feel comfortable.Safe...that meansalot to me.
I'll keep you posted within the next few months...lets see how things go.
I'm optimistic.

WOW!!!
I called to get information regarding the community and the gentleman who answered didn't really seem to want to help at all.
He seemed to be annoyed that I was calling.
I will definatly not rent here based on the customer service.

I lived here for 6 months and moved out immediately after.
The rental prices are too expensive for the area and while the complex looks nice the apartments are low quality and its not a nice area.
There's not much but empty desert lots and a busy freeway.
Feels like your apartment is on mars (if mars had busy freeways).
My real issue is with the lack of attention to detail and scammy nature of the office.
Strike 1: I requested a 6 month lease but when I arrived to sign the paperwork they had changed the document to read a 12 month lease.
I told them I wouldn't sign that and they had to re-print a new contract.
Strike 2:After living there a few months they told me I was late and they tried to charge me a late fee, I explained the rent had been paid on time and they admitted their mistake and didn't charge me but never really apologized.
Strike 3 Finally when I went to pay my 2nd to last months rent I inquired about leaving and they said I had to give 60 SIX ZERO days notice before exiting my 6 month lease or else be forced to pay a fee or breaking the auto-renewed the lease.
Luckily I asked about  leaving 3 days before my 60 day notice was due to I gave notice on the spot and narrowly avoided renewing my lease or being charged.
The ridiculous 60-day notice policy and the office's 2 errors (both in their favor) results in me giving them 1 star.

