I have been to this place twice now, once for a full set and again today for fills.
I have a "thing" about pedicures so I haven't gotten one of those there.
I can tell when I get a nail technician that isn't very good because I have soft cuticles and dollars to doughnuts I will bleed if they don't do it right.
I have experienced two different nail technicians at this location and it was completely pain free which was nice.
I also like to have my nails fairly short and I will sometimes get the "weird look" when I ask to go shorter; I suppose most people that get acrylics want really long nails.
The woman who put the acrylics on got the length just right on the first try.
Also, on both occasions, the acrylic was just perfect, no bubbles under the surface and no yellowing with wear.
This is just a neighborhood nail shop but the price is good ($20 full set, $15 fill) and the technicians are excellent.

I ended up getting a coupon for this place in one of the local mags that comes in the mail.
So since I wanted to get a full set and they were only 15 bucks I thought I would give them a try.
There was no wait...which was nice since the place I normally go is pretty packed sometimes.
The girl was quick & did a great job.
I will for sure come back for my fill here.
I am gonna try out a pedicure next time since I have another 15 buck coupon for that!
Love me some coupons!

NAIL FAIL.
Horrible, I never have felt as compelled to write a review on anything.
A 5 year old could have done a better job and I most certainly could have and for free at that.
I got a gel nail polish change with french manicure.
Which I normally go to another place for but I was in hurry and this was close to the other things I had to get done.
She was quick, and failed to do some important steps that everyone else who has done my nails always seems to do.
I have lumps and fuzz stuck in the polish, and they are filed unevenly.
She seemed to know she was doing a crap job, but didn't care and quickly added an extra 6$ charge to the service 5 for whatever she mumbled under her breath and 1 for credit card use.
I was just in a hurry to get out, I'll just have to go get them fixed tomorrow some where reliable.
It's a competitive business out there, they should probably step their nail game up.
Don't waste your money here, there are another 10 close by that will do a way better job.

one star would be too nice, if i could give a half, i would !
this place sucks soo much .
and trust me, ive been to many nail salons and this is by far the worst.
yeah, price is low, but man !
STAFF IS SO BAD.
and the job they do with the nails, not even worth half the money i payed for.
I got pedicure done and tips for it, guess what !
my tops are all shitty !
my cousin needed to get her nails done and her acyrlic was all crappy .
NEVER GOING BACK HERE AGAIN .

My sister law and I went here because it was down the street, I got a Full Set and a pedicure..My nail turned YELLOW and her nails started peeling the next day!
:( DON'T GO HERE!!
If you are desperate.. go to another one not here!

I get a pedicure there once a month and love them.
Tina is awesome........

Don't go here!
I'm sure I got overcharged, and the massage chairs don't work!

WORST PLACE I'VE EVER BEEN TO!
The older short Asian man did my nails and he did them in a rush!
Asked for a design and he told me they don't do designs!
I guess that's why they have all the gel nails in the front with designs for!
While he was filing my nails he was hurting me!
No consideration whatsoever!
When he painted my nails he left them disgusting!
Never in my entire life have I had such a bad manicure!
Walmart was just down the street I bet I could have bought some nails and left them better myself!
I had nail polish outside of the cuticles, bumps on my nails and on my thumb the nail polish is bumpy!
There was also a bunch of glue left on my fingers from the nails!
You can even see it on the back of the nails!
To top it off some other people walked in while he was finishing his shitty work and he had been trying to fix the nail polish around my cuticles and when these people walked in he just didn't do my left hand!
He literally grabbed my purse and sat me somewhere else!
Oh and I forgot the best part!
Before he painted my nails he asked me to pay now.
Don't you pay after the service is complete?
No, not with him you pay before they paint your nails!
Pictures posted!

This place is unsanitary, there is a transgender that works there and  he/she is rude.
I came down with athletes foot from them.
They also do a rush job.
Never again.

Not friendly when you walk-in.
The pedicurist did not acknowledge me or say hello, I felt she was mad I didn't choose the expensive pedicure.
Also, after being painted, my nails were uneven.
After charging 1$ to use my card I asked to place a tip which was 20% and she seemed rude that I didn't tip more and snatched the signed receipt and walked away and did not respond when I said thank you a few times.
Won't go back here.

Not the most friendly staff and seemed overpriced, in my opinion.
$33 for gel manicure?
I don't think so.

Should've read the reviews before coming here.
1st time I came I got gel polish removed.
The girl did exactly what I could've done at home and didn't even file or trim my nails.
Decided to try them a second time this time for a pedi since the price seemed best in the area.
Pedi was ok but there was no foot massage at all.
I'm still looking for a good regular pedi that includes a good foot/leg rub and not be charged an arm and a leg.
Coming from the east coast, I have not been impressed with any nail places.

I didn't have an appointment.
I Didn't wait long either.
They call in additional help when needed.
Nice pedi for the money.

