My hands are very important in my line of work.
You could say I'm like a hand model.
Many times, clients will see my hands before they see me.
So it's important that I have beautiful nails, not overly long or overly decorated, just cuticle-free, strong, well-shaped, nice nails.
I'm an easy yet picky customer.
What does that mean?
I don't do gels or acrylics.
I only get mani-pedis.
But I'm Vietnamese, we're meant to take over the world, one nail at a time, in the famous Dat Phan's words.
Three of my family members own nail salons in different states, I've worked in a couple of them.
So I know my manicures and pedicures.
I know the work and shortcuts.
I know how to give a 30-min mani-pedi and a 75-min mani-pedi.
Like I said, I'm Vietnamese.
Except, I don't look Vietnamese.
So it's been difficult for me to find nail salons I like, since they treat me like a non-Vietnamese, while I literally understand what they're saying and technically know what they're doing.
But I like Instyle Nails.
It could be because the first time I came here, it was with my friend, a pretty famous singer, well-known in the Viet community, so immediately they knew I was Vietnamese and also wanted to impress me because of my friend.
It's nice to be acquainted with fame.
But I've been to the salon a few times now, and I still like it.
It's clean.
They're always friendly, and not just to me.
And most importantly, all the nail technicians I've had are detail-oriented.
They don't take shortcuts.
I recommend either Trina or Joe.
Trina will shower you with her 75-min mani-pedi.
She takes pride in her work.
Joe does a good job and will crack you up with his quirky irreverent sense of humor.
I like them.

No appointment required, but I recommend making one if you go here!!
My friend and I wanted to pamper ourselves a little for our birthdays.
I wanted a mani/pedi and my friend wanted a manicure.
This place is right by my parents house and since we were going to their house afterwards, we decided on InStyle Nails.
We walked in and signed the 'Welcome' book at 9:40AM.
The salon opened at 9:30.
The lady greeted us, asked us what we wanted to get done and said it would be 5 minutes.
She asked us to pick our color of nail polish while we waited.
I noticed there were already 3 ladies in the spa pedicure chairs and the lady was the only one there.
She got on the phone and I assumed she was calling her other co-workers because within 15 minutes, 5 others had showed up.
Our 5 minute wait turned into a 25 minute wait.
There was a party of 6 who walked in about 9:50AM and they ALL had appointments.
We almost left, but decided to stay since we weren't really on a time crunch and our greeter lady kept telling us, "you're next after them.
"  Once in the pedicure chair, I was pleased to find that it was a message chair.
However, the pedicure itself only lasted about 10 minutes....
I expected it to last a little longer.
The guy who did my pedicure didn't really take his time and he missed some spots when he painted my toes.
He did a poor job on my manicure as well.
I still had hang nails and after 3 days, all the nail polish had chipped away.
My friend's manicure lasted over mine, but her polish started to chip as well.
I will not be going back to InStyle Nails on Silverado.

Went there twice while I was visiting Vegas.
Very personable employees.

I really enjoyed my pedicure at Instyle Nails.
There was a little wait but I was a walk in so 15 minutes was not too bad.
The staff was pleasant did a good job.
The salon was clean and equipment was sanitized and newly opened in front of me.
My favorite was the wax foot wrap, it was such a nice touch.

I've actually made Instyle Nails my regular nail salon for pedicures.
I figured since I've been here at least a dozen or so times I should write a review.
The staff is pleasant and they remember you if you are a repeat client.
I always get the Deluxe Pedicure and it's literally an hour of pure pampering.
They do a complete 60+ minutes every time with wax foot wraps (my favorite).
Color selection is good and they also offer a great variety if you like the gels.
I had gels for the summer and they did a great job with those.
I would recommend the gels for anyone who doesn't like the thick acrylic nails and is looking for a natural yet elegant nail style.
A+ for cleanliness.
This is one thing I always investigate before using a salon and they sterilize all the tools and open the sealed packaged in front of you.
If you are with a group or want to visit during a peak time then I suggest making an appointment since it does get busy.
+1 for Tina's waxing.
She is the only one who I will go to now.
Hands down the best for eyebrows.

Went to Instyle nails on Silverado for first time and will probably not go back.
Girl who did my pedicure was really good however, the nail polish chipped off after first day.
After a few days and most of the polish chipping off I went by told them what happened and had them reprint my nails to which they charged me 10.00.

This is my place :) I'll never go anywhere else they are the best my nails last forever and pedicure :)

Love this place!!!
Kevin always does my nails my favorite!!!

I love this place!
They are always super friendly and I have never been disappointed with my nails.
They are very reasonably priced!
This is my favorite nail spot.

Tina has been doing my gel manicures and pedicures for about 4 years.
On my lazy days she will take her time and give me a nice massage.
If I'm in a hurry she will get me in and out without compromising the quality.
On rare occasions if I chip a nail she will take care of me the very next day without a charge.
I really love this place.

Love this place!!!!!
right by work and in and out

Tina is amazing.
From day one, she took excellent care of me.
I had a horrific experience elsewhere and she gave me advice on what to do.
Best person I've ever had do manicures and pedicures.
I love the gel and how long it holds up.
Very grateful for a friend referring me to Tina.
I've watched everyone there work and everyone is always very nice, helpful, and listens to your requests.
It's nice to have someone that actually listens :)  Plus they are very clean, which is a VERY big deal for me.
I've been going here for a couple years and won't go anywhere else :)

$44 and an hour of my time for a fill, color and small design on 2 nails.
What a waste!
They don't talk to you just each other and when you try to start a conversation it's like pulling teeth to get them to continue it.
later that night my gel clear coat started bubbling off on 2 nails,  used nail glue to fix.
Within the week every nail had lifting on the clear coat and even the acrylic fill started lifting.
Not even 2 weeks later and I have to get them redone.
Will definitely not be returning!

Not sure what a pedi includes?
However, here it is a soak and trim and painting!
I was asked by nail tech if I wanted my calluses removed?
I said of course.
He said that would be another $5 dollar charge.
Lol.
These places put $15-$20 pedicures on their sign and get you in, then start trying to nickel and dime you!
Never go back!
This is becoming pretty normal at all places I would ask what the pedi includes before sitting down!
Smh a$$holes!

Worst nail salon ever.
Tried this place for the first and last time today.
First of all, my acrylic is so thick and gaudy, they just ignored me when I asked him to make it natural.
The women that work here walk around barefoot the whole day eating.
And eating loudly, smacking their food.
The sink to wash your hands is covered in calcium buildup and is disgusting.
Not to mention the bail brushes look like their 10 years old.
Over priced and dirty!!!

Holy moly!
Can you say low budget?
This is one of the dirtiest shops I've ever been in.
All of the tools are used and dirty.
I'm not really sure how this place passes inspections.
The girl that did my mani/pedi was really rough with me and when it came time to scrape my heels , she used a CHEESE GRATER!!!!!
I'm not sure if this is standard practice in Nevada, but  there is no way that would fly in California.
My advice is beware and make sure you are up to date on your tetanus shot.

I have been coming here for over a year and it is by far the best nail place in Vegas.
My wife and I both love Tina.
They are always very friendly and know us by our names.

Been coming here for years!!!
They're so quick, but take time to check and make sure everything looks good and my nails (just acrylic) last for weeks!!
Sometimes I can go a whole month with 1 fill!
They always listen to me with what I want..thicker fill, thinner, short etc!
Also they have 2 TVs that's good kause when I go it's after work and they play the news.
Will always go here!!
They got me hooked!

