Keiko did a good job on my 3 yr old's haircut.
Price was very reasonable for a kids cut.

Char is great!
She is always professional and very patient.
She also knows what she is doing.
If you ask for her, you can't go wrong

I would say, my first experience here was pretty good.
Only downside, was the wait time.
It was busy as hell!!
But I won't hold them accountable for that considering its Friday and a chance that its alot of people's payday.
The person who cut my here is Shawn or Shaun.
Don't really know how he spell his name.
But he did a good job.
Now, on to the review on my barber and haircut.
I know is my hair is fairly easy to cut cause its short.
I usually get 2 on top and 1 on the side with a fade and clean it up with everything else.
But I changed my mind and got a 2 1/2 on top and 0 on the side faded and cleaned up.
All I know is he did a really good job.
Took the time to cut my hair and made it look good.
I mean especially for a 12 dollar haircut.
And usually many barbers don't pay attention to detail.
Now, another thing is I usually tip barbers around 2 or 3 bucks when I get my hair cut.
But since Shawn my barber cut my hair and took the time to make sure everything look good to do it, I ended up tipping him 5 bucks and rarely do that!!!!!!
Man, I know I'm a satisfied customer I am coming back.

I'm a regular at great clips I normally go to blue diamond salon but I was close to this area and give it a try .
The lady that cut my hair was not nice and trim my hair shorter than I ask her to do.
And she was really hard  with the clippers she hurt me on the back of my head.
I went to shower and it was really hurting cause she was really rough and cut through til bleed.. Never going back there ..

I've been going to GC for 3 years at 2 locations in following one particular stylist by the name of Mary.
The salons are always neat, clean, and the staff friendly - esp.
Mary.
She's excellent in every way and always taking great care in the quality of her work.
She could work in salon charging 3 X as much - and getting it/and I'd pay it!
Danny

