It is a rarity for me to give any business, restaurant, or anything I review on Yelp 5 stars.
This place definitely deserves the 5 stars for their friendly, professional, honest and prompt service.
I am a car newbie and really don't know a whole lot about cars.
I heard a light squeal in my brakes and thought I would need new brakes or something.
I first went to a dealership and they informed me that I did need new brakes and that it would be around $250 with labor to have the front brakes replaced.
I scoffed at the idea that brakes would cost so much, and as a comparison shopper I decided to go to a third party and see what they had to say.
To me I always shop 2-3 places before I make my decision.
It is like going to a doctor's office and having them tell you that you have cancer.
Get a second opinion!
I decided on this business since I heard some positive things online and they had a coupon for brake service with free inspection.
I walked in and was greeted by Jeff the owner who was very professional and courteous.
He asked the standard questions and then lifted my car to check if I needed new brakes.
He informed me that I in fact did not need new brakes and they were perfectly fine and that the squeal could just be the dust.
He adjusted the brakes and sprayed them down and filled up my brake fluid.
He walked me through and showed me my brake pads and invited me to stay at the lift to watch the mechanic do his work.
I happily agreed as I am always looking for any opportunity to learn.
I was in and out of the place in about 30 minutes.
I would highly recommend them for your brake service.
They will be honest and courteous to your needs and make you feel comfortable.
Jeff is a great guy and will chat with you while you wait.
Highly recommended!

I went to Purrfect Auto on St. Rose/Eastern to get my oil changed and they suggested I needed new brakes.
I was aware of that location's shady practices and quickly declined the service.
However, to be on the safe side, I wanted to get a second opinion.
Professional Brake Service has amazing reviews on Google and Yelp, so I came in to see if I really did need brakes.
Mary, one of the owners, was working the front desk.
She was very welcoming and friendly, making sure I got the best service possible.
After the technicians looked at my brakes, she informed me that my front disc brakes were far from needing to be changed, and my rear drum brakes were still about a year from needing it.
While most places would have no problem selling me services I didn't need, this place was honest.
She did recommend getting an adjustment.
I had a coupon that I printed from their website, so the price was very affordable.
On top of that, future adjustments are free, so I can come in every 3-6 months and not have to pay again.
Free is always a good thing.
If you have any brake needs for you car, come here.
Quality workmanship, great service, friendly, and honest.
Can't ask for more.

Ok.
So I just got home.
I went to T&M to have my car worked on again, but they were hella busy.
The mechanic said that they got 60 cars shipped in yesterday and are still 10 cars behind so they would not be able to work on my car today, buuuuuummmmerrrrrr!!
In the same plaza are other automotive shops..
I saw this one and decided to check them out.
They had s sign posted in front that said "FREE BRAKE INSPECTION"... Just what I needed.
As I enter, the owner, Jeff, was hella cool and introduced himself right away as he was talking with another customer.
2 stars right off the back...
YAYYYYYY!!!.
Then he asked me several questions and said they would get to my car ASAP..plus asked me if I was hungry because he was looking a Rubios and printing flyers for a FREE BURRITO.... And they did... 1 star for immediate service.
As time is going, one of the mechanics went out to my car and drove it to the back then lifted up and checked out to see what was wrong.
After checking out the brakes, the mechanic came and got me to explain and show me every detail that was wrong, then explained what needed to be done along with what he could and would do if I wanted it done on the spot.
1 more star... let's see that is 4 stars already..
YAAAAYYYYYY!!!!
Finally, they finish my car and answered and checked more things as I was asking questions.
My total for the brakes to be fixed plus have the rotors serviced, and the labor.... GRAND TOTAL.... $270.20......
The last star is given because it was a friendly environment from the staff to talking with the other customers.
This is a family owned business... JEFF AND MARY WHITE... and we have a grand total of 5 STARS....   What's cool was...
I was a little nervous but said what the helll..
I asked Jeff if he had ever heard of the YELP.com and he said YES...
He said that other customers have gone thru and given him great reviews..
I told him that he and his wife were gonna have another great review today...
THANKS JEFF...

I went pretty far out of the way to go to this place since it had great ratings and I don't know anything about cars so I pretty much just bend over and expect to get reamed when I have auto troubles.
I hadn't had my brakes serviced in a couple years and thought that it was probably time to get em checked.
The place was really friendly.
The customers and employees were all really cool and conversational.
The original cost was going to be $270 but then the guy said that when he cleaned up the rotors they looked good as new, so they didn't replace me and took off $40.
Always appreciated as I was already a little freaked out by the 270 number.
I think I thought it would be around $100.
:)  I felt comfortable and didn't think they would take advantage.
I would recommend this place for sure.

Going to the mechanic is one of my least favorite things in life, but my experience with this locally-owned establishment was suprisingly great.
I took it in and just dropped the car off.
The job took two days, and Jeff  (the owner) called me atleast twice a day for updates.
Best of all, his team did an amazing job at pretty much replacing and fixing some worn-out parts on my car: timing belt, transmission fluid, water pump, etc.
They even had someone wipe down/shine the exterior and the interior.
I could hardly recognize my old Lexus!
It looked brand-spanking new and reflected the quality of work they put in it.
Price was definitely reasonable for the amount and quality of work that was done.
Jeff and his team also took the time to explain to me the repairs and changes they did as well as show me the old parts they took from my car.
They are true craftsmen at what they do and definitely make an effort to build lasting relationships with their customers.
I look forward to doing more business with them in the future.

Although I didn't get any work done, Jeff gave me a free estimate on what my current percentages are for my breaks.
Some shops won't even do this without a charge.
After the inspection, Jeff explained the timeframe when I would need a repair job and answered all my questions.
He's a great guy who really cares about his customers.
A++

I used this website and others to check reviews for a brake place.
Being new in town, I didn't want to walk into somewhere blind and get totally ripped off...
Anyway...
The female half of the owners (Mary) was working the desk.
She immediately said hello and was very friendly.
(I appreciate the fact she could translate car-illiterate-girl-speak into the instructions for the mechanics.
)  They started on my car right away.
Mary offered me control of the tv and water or coffee.
Before any work started, I was told exactly what the issue was, and the cost it would be to finish it.
Within the hour (which flew by - Mary is great to chat with!
) my car was done, and the cost was just as promised.
And to top it all off - the shaking in my brakes was GONE!
:)  Also - Mary said their customers are loyal and have been asking them to do more than brakes.
So if you have other issues, just ask!
They will be honest and straightforward with you!
A great place to do business!!

I took my car in this morning because my brakes were squealing something awful.
I expected to hear the worst, but was pleasantly surprised to hear that nothing was wrong with my brakes sans some dust.
They cleaned out the dust and informed me that since the brake inspection is free, I owed nothing.
I was shocked not only that I didn't owe a dime, but how honest and professional the staff was.
I am so use to shops seeing me, a young female, and immediately trying to convince me that I need this or that.
It was refreshing to see that Professional Brake Service holds itself to a higher standard and is about customer service and honesty first and foremost.
I can honestly say, I will go nowhere else when it comes to servicing my car.

I took my car to Professional Brake Service to have my brakes checked as I really had no idea what condition they were in.
I bought my car used about a year ago and had been putting a brake check off for quite some time.
When I entered the shop, the owner, Jeff, greeted me and made me feel right at home.
He was extremely friendly and helpful, but also laid back and easy-going so I felt very comfortable and at-ease.
His technician took my car back and inspected the brakes.
The technician then led me back to the shop area to explain what they saw.
Turns out my brake pads still had about 60% of their lifespan left, which was great news.
I was getting some squealing and light vibration in the brakes though so Jeff's staff did some routine maintenance on my brakes to take care of that.
Overall I waited for about an hour, which was no big deal at all since the waiting area had a TV, coffee, water and reading material.
Jeff even offered me the daily newspaper to read.
All in all i had a great experience here.
I trust Jeff and his mechanics, as they seem to truly believe in providing honest, quality service.
I asked Jeff about a couple of other services and he recommended another shop to take care of it.
I will definitely use his recommendation.
Thanks Jeff for the excellent service today!

I believe I have shared my experience with fellow FB'ers, friends, and family.
Now it 's time to share with my fellow YELPERS.
I think a good , honest, mechanic is super hard to find.
I am so delighted to have found this place and close to home.
But even if they were not close to home, I would drive to them if I had to.
I was trying to put off getting my brakes done as long as possible since funds are tight at this time.
But of course my brakes started "the grinding" sound which I could not ignore anymore.
I searched in Yelp to find a brake place and get the work over with.
I chose to go to PROFESSIONAL BRAKE SERVICE since they got high ratings.
(I was going to go to T&M which is in the same area but they were always busy.
That is another good place to to go) I made an appointment with Jeff and he seemed so warm and friendly on the phone.
I get to the shop and Jeff was at the front desk who greeted me with a smile.
He listened to everything that was wrong with the car besides the brakes.
To my surprise this shop was not just for brakes.
They pretty much do everything there.
I am almost ready to get rid of my truck and just get a new car or used since there were so many things wrong with it.
Jeff assured me he would check everything out I told him about and he would check with me first if any other work besides the brakes were to be done.
There were only two mechanics on hand.
The guy showed me the parts that needed fixin and what needed to be changed.
I gave them the green light  to go ahead and FIX IT!
I left for the day and came back with some food for them since they are really nice people.
Jeff even gave me a deal as far as the fee.
By the time it was time to pick up my truck...I even came back early.
The truck was all done!!!
I was really impressed with their service, clean office, clean bathroom, comfortable waiting area for customers, well mannered and professional-just like the name.
I could go on and on with more details but this is getting too long already.
CHECK THEM OUT....YOU WILL BE HAPPY YOU DID

Best customer service I think I have ever come across here in Vegas.
I had a noise in the break area, got new breaks (cost 250) , that night after work the noise was MUCH WORSE.
I thought I got hosed.
Jeff took care of me though.
Apparently it was a different problem, but Jeff said he would do the new repair for free and lent me his car so I could drive my 6 month old daughter home to be fed.
Above and beyond is all I can say.
Thanks Jeff.

Jeff @ PBS is as professional as they come.
My brakes were squeaking, so I went to see PBS.
After inspection, Jeff informed me that the pads were in great shape, but the front rotors were worn kind of thin.
He said there was no real urgency to change them, but that the thinness was probably the cause of the noise as the rotors were probably not dissipating heat as well as they would if they were new and thick.
I changed the rotors and am happy I did it.
(All noise has stopped) The cost was about what I had expected to pay.

Yes, I am afraid I'm going to have to chime in with everybody else here... believe it or not, folks, there is indeed an honest brake shop in Las Vegas.
After driving around in the heat, I stopped at the store and heard this horrible creaking noise from my brake pedal and suddenly it felt mushy like never before.
Needless to say, brake failure is a scary thing, so the next morning I dropped my ride off at Professional Brake Service to have 'em check it out.
Mary, who remembered my name from my earlier phone call (nice touch), called my about an hour later and actually apologized because there was nothing they could sell me.
My brakes were at 90% and she said they couldn't duplicate the problem and the car stopped on a dime.
She mentioned that some cars acted this way occasionally in this heat.
Not only wouldn't they rip me off, they also corrected my tire placement that the last shop I visited screwed up (high end wheels that have to be on a specific side of the car).
They even reset my check engine light!
Let me tell you, there is no better feeling than to walk out of a garage not feeling like you've been **you know what**.
Give these people your business!

I found PBS because it is close to home.
What a great place and great owners, Mary and Jeff.
I have had 2 sets of brakes done by them so far and lots of other work besides brakes.
Jeff is one of the most honest, down to earth people I have found in Las Vegas.
I have sent at least a dozen people over to there to get things done.
Every one of them came back with "WOW"!
I work in the service industry and I only recommend people and places that I have personally used and trust.
I see 5-10 people a day, and word of mouth is huge... You can't go wrong with PBS, you can trust them, HONESTY!

Being a girl...I'm always wary of what auto repair shops try to talk me into, but this husband and wife team are extremely honest, friendly, and all together upright people!
I went to Meineke first to have my brakes checked for the squealing noise and they told me it was just brake dust...so I went with it...but the sound returned after 20 minutes of driving the car...I went back and they gave me some line about how my brake pads aren't compatible with the Nevada weather because I got them in Connecticut...and that it could not be fixed.....clearly full of crap.
On a happier note, I took my car to Professional Brake Service and they told me there was a misalignment in my brake shoes and even showed me a visual of what was occurring.
They fixed the problem and I am squeal free since.
And they accidentally charged me less than what it cost for the fix and I mentioned it to the owner and she just told me that it was fine and to just bring in some Dr. Pepper/Mountain Dew for the mechanics next time I was in, instead of paying the additional cost.
Excellent repair shop....would recommend them to any women out there who don't want to be swindled by all the shady repair shops out there!

I went to Pro Brakes because of all its positive reviews here on Yelp...and I have to echo everyone's sentiments here.
The customer services here is excellent.
My Mini Cooper needed its front brakes replaced.
I got my car from a dealership in southern California and the brake service would have been covered, but since I'm here in Vegas for school, I was worried about making the drive home to LA for Thanksgiving without having the brakes fixed.
One of the technicians at Pro Brakes looked at my car and gave me an estimate.
Then I started talking with Jeff, the owner, and asked him if it would actually be safe for me to make the drive in the car's current condition.
He said it would be fine (I had just enough mileage left, he told me), but that I should get them replaced right away when I got to LA.
THEN, he told me that there was a Mini dealer here in Vegas, and that maybe they'd also honor my warranty.
I hadn't even thought of this as an option, because I thought my warranty would only be good at the dealership where I got my car.
Jeff looked up the info for the Mini dealer in Vegas on the computer, and got on the phone to talk to their service department.
Since they'd already done the estimate on my car, Jeff was able to tell the Mini service department exactly what needed to be fixed (something I couldn't have done myself).
He told me that the Mini dealer had all the parts I needed in stock and that they could get me fixed up that day.
He even wrote down the address of the dealer for me, their phone number, and the name of the service tech he talked to there.
I was so impressed that he went out of his way to help me save $500 (the estimate from Pro Brakes).
Even though he was losing out on my business, he had the integrity and kindness to help me out.
He had such a positive attitude throughout our interaction - he even said, "now that I know that Mini dealers have this maintenance plan, I can tell other customers if I get another MIni here!

I've been to the Professional Brake Service twice, mainly because of all the positive yelp reviews.
Jeff, the proprietor, is very friendly and it's a family run business.
I went to Tire Works a few days ago for a routine oil change.
I mentioned that my brakes squeak when I go in reverse.
They said they would examine the car and came back with a $407 estimate (after some coupon that was only good for that day).
They claimed that my front rotors were hotspotted and needed replacing (which means that the pads needed to be replaced as well) and that the back rotors needed to be surface cut.
Both front and back brake pads were 6mm (at 40%).
I called my husband and he wanted a second opinion.
So a few days later, I went to the Professional Brake Service.
I've been there before when my service light came on (which turned out to be a light notifying you of the next oil change).
They turned off the light for free.
I told Jeff what Tire Works had reported in their estimate.
Jeff had his technicians look at the car and had me look at the rotors.
They were perfectly fine on both the front and rear tires.
He pointed out that the front brake pads were at 85% and the back ones were at 60%.
He said all I needed was to have the rotors sprayed with lubricant and he didn't charge me a cent.
I tipped his men $20 just because they were so honest.
If you need any brake work done or need auto service, visit Jeff at the Professional Brake Service.
If they can not do your repairs, they will give you a reasonably-priced, good referral.
This is definitely the most honest auto place I've ever been to!

After a little research on Yelp my husband and I drove from NLV to PBS, mostly because of the positive reviews.
Let me tell you they were great!
Friendly, honest, and funny.
We have an appointment for my daughters car, it is hard to find an honest place to get work done on your car, we are willing to make the drive.
Thanks Jeff and Mary!

I practically ran to this place when I first read the yelp reviews on it.
An HONEST auto place that had GREAT prices?!?!
Here, in Las Vegas????
Having been to many an auto establishment (read rip off artists) in this metro area, I can say with absolute certainty that this place is the best!
Besides the fact that they offer great pricing for their services, they are just wonderful people.
Since I had to sit in their waiting room for some time while several pieces of work were being done to the tired, long over due for service car I had brought in, I learned many things.
First, it truly is a family owned and run business.
I know this because I was helped and spoke at length to the owner, Jeff.
What a refreshing change to have someone care about their business and their customers.
Next, the mechanics, Michael and Craig, are not only very skilled but really personable.
After having dealt with snarly guys who would rather sneer at me then deal with me at an auto shop, this was a delight as well.
Finally, they care about all their customers and treat all the customers with respect.
From the change of a light bulb to a major system overhaul, everyone  received excellent service.
I will be returning soon with my other family vehicle and will be sure to tell everyone I can about this amazing auto place.
Thanks guys!

I just wanted to update my previous review with a bit more information.
Since my last post I have taken my car and my fiances car (which the previous post was written about) over to Professional Brake Service.
My car was having some pulsating issues with the brakes as my well meaning brother had just put pads on but was unable to machine the rotors as he does not have that kind of equipment.
They updated the brake job at a very reasonable cost.
Then I took my fiances car back because they had replaced two of the four engine mounts the first time.
I could not afford them all at once but the car felt so amazing with just the two replaced, we went back as soon as we could afford to do the rest.
There was also a check engine light on which led us to find that a temp control sensor needed changing.
Besides the great work this shop does, they always make me feel welcome when I stop by.
I also end up there most times with a wild 2 year old and they are still friendly enough to turn on cartoons for us.
This is the only shop I will visit unless they tell me there is something they cannot fix on my cars!

I tend to avoid 5 star reviews, but this place deserves it.
The only negative thing I can say is that their hours are inconvenient to me.
My brakes had been squeaking for a couple years.
I had taken it into 3 different dealerships and over 5 times overall.
Every time I got the same answer that there was nothing wrong and was just a bit dirty.
On my last trip to the dealership I was notified that the brakes were starting to get low and I should replace in the next 5000 miles or so.
Anyways, I took the car into Professional Brake Service.
There actually was a problem with the brakes (some sort of alignment or something).
Jeff was glad to explain in detail, but I was in a bit of a hurry.
I was fixed up within a couple of hours.
Additionally, it seems that the pads weren't low as the dealership told me.
Jeff told me that I actually had plenty of brakes left and could easily go 10s of thousands more more miles.
They were honest and well priced....in the world of auto repair that deserves more than 5 stars.

They are so nice and honest.
I appreciated the fact that they didn't insist that I needed both front and rear brakes, as many other places/the dealer certainly would have said.
They came recommended as a family-run shop and I liked the local feel.
Plus they were really quick.
I will definitely be back.

These people are awesome!
I had very little money but I knew there was something going on with my squeeky brakes.
Met very friendly Mary at the front desk and everything from then on was great!
My brakes just needed a little cleaning nothing else.
They didn't try to sell me anything I didn't need and my wife and I had fun talking to Mary while Craig, (great job Craig), worked on my car.
He even took me back into the bay and showed me what was going on with my dirty brakes......and a free tire rotation to boot!
Can't say enough good things about this good old fashioned family run business.
I'll be going back there for any future work.
No doubt about it.
The pleasure was all mine.
Randy B.

Professional, honest and great!

I don't make it a habit of reviewing places other than restaurants, but this place is so good that I needed to provide my feedback.
As I'm sure everyone is well aware, finding reliable auto service can be a daunting and stressful task, so when my roommates emphatically suggested Pro Brakes when I needed to have my brakes done, I was optimistic.
My expectations were met, and then far exceeded by the service I received.
Everyone was incredible friendly and straight forward in terms of what needed to be done, and then what exactly was going to be done to my vehicle.
I brought my truck in to have the front brakes done, expecting to have the pads and rotors both changed.
My breaks were first inspected, both front and back (even though I only requested front service), and I was brought back to talk with the mechanic and was shown the tolerances for my brakes - I was informed that the pads did need to be changed, but the rotors had enough life left in them, and that since the tear down cost would be very high, they suggested I leave them be for one more cycle of pads (saving me a couple hundred dollars).
They also inspected and adjusted my rear brakes free of change while it was apart.
The pads were changed over and everything was done very quickly, total time there was no more than about an hour, and that was with a few other vehicles being worked at simultaneously.
I spoke with one of the owners about getting some other work done at a future date, they were more than happy to provide me with printed estimates for parts and labor - needless to say, I will be back here whenever I have even the slightest problem with my car, brakes or otherwise.
I'm lucky to live only about a mile from Pro Brakes, but the excellent service and low prices are more than enough reason to make a trip from across town.

I'm so fortunate to live just so close to Prof Brake Serv!
I was searching yelp and they were only 1/2 mile from where I live so thought I would give it a shot.
I went in with very noisy (grinding & sqeaking) front brakes, and knew the back ones needed replacement.
I had the front ones replaced only a year ago in LA and was told that they were not adjusted properly.
So they had to sand them and soaked them so they would lay properly on the rotors to (hopefully) get rid of the noise.
I was told if that did not work, to come back.
Well...this did the trick - and they could have told me I had to replace them!
Very Honest - Know What They Are Doing - Friendly - and FAST!

awesome.
You won't regret  going here.

I thought the high ratings were a little odd, but these guys really ARE awesome!
My brakes were grinding *really* bad and my check engine light was on.
After going to a shop in West Las Vegas where my friend had the "hook up" (but turned out to be whack) I decided to travel all the way out to this place after seeing their Yelp reviews.
I had a bad feeling that it was too good to be true: an honest mechanic with fair prices  and WiFi in the lobby.
But it was all true!
The owner was working the front desk and he was very friendly.
After checking my car he explained everything to me clearly and even took me in the garage and showed me my brakes and what was good and what was bad.
I explained to him my experience at the WLV shop and he gave me a discount because THEY were jerks.
Wow, who does that?
While waiting in the lobby I was able to use the WiFi to do my work.
The owner asked me where I was from, and when I said Colorado Springs, he immediately turned the channel from ESPN to the news so I could watch live updates on the Waldon Canyon Fire that was destroying my hometown.
Again, who does that?
Very nice family business!
It was a great experience that was worth the drive.
I highly recommend them!

I HATE taking my car in, it's always something and it's never cheap!
BUT if you need stuff done this is the place to go!
They are always friendly and they do there best to give you the best price.
They even recommend you call around and get a second opinion,but don't waste your time, they have the best prices.
They have my trust, thank you for not wasting my time or money!

Super fast!
Super friendly!

I have been searching for an honest place to bring my car since I've had bad experiences with the national chains like Midas and will never bring my car to Purfect Auto again.
So I searched yelp and found this shop.
I knew I had problems with my brakes on my car that I just bought so when my brake light came on I brought it right over.
They showed me all of the components to my brakes and explained what needed to be fixed and what I could wait on.
I could have probably gone somewhere else to save a little bit of money but brakes are so important and you need to be able to trust that they are doing a great job and I truly did trust them.
They know what they are doing and did a terrific job.
Not only did they do an overall inspection of the car but they topped off my fluids and even threw in some free wiper blades!
I am thankful I found this shop and will definitely use them for more work in the future.
They had coffee and a tv in the lobby so that was another plus.

Really nice folks!
The owner and his staff are incredibly nice and the wait area is super clean.
I'll definitely be back...but hopefully not for a while.

I recently went here with my boyfriend to get his car brakes fixed.
The service here is absolutely amazing!
The staff is very friendly & welcoming.
We spoke to the owner, Jeff, who is a really down to earth guy & really knows his stuff.
They are VERY honest, which is hard to find with all the shady mechanics in Vegas.
They did an amazing job on his brakes & we didn't have to wait very long.
We will definitely be back here for our future car problems.

The guys here remind me of my family... Super nice, to the point about your car needs, and absolutely no pressure!
When I arrived, they gave me a news paper, coffee, and the t.v.
remote.
I feel right at home.
Oh, and they offer free yearly checks and service on all brakes!
Cool :)

I had my brakes done by a family friend.
Unfortunately, he did a bad job.
I drive a ford expedition so everything is expensive to fix.
We had the front rotors replaced with pro brakes.
They were very honest and reasonable.
They got us in right away and the price didn't shock me.
Pro brakes went above and beyond for us.
Would give them more stars if I could.
Refreshing to find an honest mechanic.
We will definately go back and refer family and friends.

These guys are awesome.
Went there to have my brakes checked thought I needed new pads.
Turns out they did not need new pads just to be cleaned and lubricated.
They inspected the brakes and showed me what was wrong before fixing them.
I ended paying much less because I didn't need brake pads.
These guys are nice and honest I would definitely recommend them.

The yelp reviews don't lie, this brake shop really is that good!!
I had just bought a used car off of craigslist after moving to Las Vegas and I needed to get the brakes serviced because they felt soft and screeched a little bit.
I found the wonderful reviews on Yelp for this place and I felt comfortable enough to take my car here;  I am extremely cautious about mechanics ripping me off (especially the overpriced dealer mechanics).
The owners greeted me with a friendly attitude and asked me what they could do for me.
I told them what was going on and they said they would take a look at my car in a few minutes.
Once they finished the inspection the mechanic took me over to the brakes and explained and showed me exactly what was going on with them.
I don't know that much about cars, so it's always nice to get an explanation on what's going on.
The owner then recommended what should be done that day and what could wait to be done.
I felt complete trust with them so I went with what they suggested.
I don't know if their price was the "cheapest" for the service that was provided, but I know that they didn't try to rip me off with unnecessary charges and work.
They also told me that I could stop in any time so they could inspect, clean, lube, and tighten my brakes for free.
Oh, when I was there, an older lady had brought in her car because she heard a screeching noise from her brakes.
They took it in to take a look at it and they just ended up cleaning them up because there was a lot of dust etc.
built up.
They did this absolutely free and sent her on way.
Now if that isn't honest, I don't know what is!

This is the first time i've actually enjoyed going to a car service place.
Called in at around 830 in the morning asking if they replaced lug nut studs since mine cracked off and to my surprise, they do!
most places i've called don't replace it.
When i walked in, i was greeted by the owner, while he was talking to another customer on the phone.
He didn't let me stand there for a minute and asked one of the employees to assist me and i'd say 30 minutes later, i was out of the place.
From what i've seen with the employees and owner interacting with the customers, this is the place to go when it comes to basic car care needs.
I will be returning should the need arise.

I went to Professional Brake when my was having a hard time running and my towing would not tow to my normal place because it was to far away.
On the way to the shop the tow truck driver warned me about this place, stating that he had heard many horror stories about it.
This put me on edge but I was willing to try it out.
I walked in and Jeff was very friendly.
There was a guest sitting there waiting for his car.
We started talking and he mentioned how these guys had ripped him off in the past and how he felt it was happening again because he came in for an easy fix that turned out to not be an easy fix.
So when they started looking at my car I made sure I was watching what they were doing.
They quickly found the problem and started looking for the part.
They spent a lot of time calling around to try and find the part, finally they found it and gave me a quote.
I was satisfied with this and mentioned that my headlights were out and I would like them to be replaced.
I left and came back an hour later to get my car.
Jeff informed me that my headlights were out because of a major electrical issue and he was going to charge me an extra $30 finders fee for the part for my car.
This surprised me because he quoted me after they found the part, the fee should have already been in the quote.
I paid and left.
The next day I took it to my normal place (see my other reviews) and had them double check all of their work and look into the headlights.
Their work was sound, but there was nothing wrong with my electrical, my headlights were just out.
In conclusion: if you decide to go here make sure you keep an eye on your car and if they say that there is an issue that you are unsure of, get a second opinion!

I had a wonderful experience at Professional Brake Service and they deserves all 5 stars.
I brought my vehicle in right before they were closing but they made time to take a look and give me an estimate.
The pricing is competitive and they broke down the cost to the different brake services I needed.
The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and efficient.
Thank you Jeff and Craig.

Excellent service, friendly staff who deliver what is promised at a reasonable price.
Thanks Jeff and Michael, you are the best!
I would recommend this place to anyone.
If I could give more than a five star rating, I would.

I brought my car in because of squeaky brakes.
The owner, Mary, was incredibly personal and professional and explained to me (who doesnt know the first thing about brakes) what was wrong with my brakes.
She made it easy to understand and answered any questions I had.
There was a only a slight corrosion problem and it just needed to be serviced.
I was in and out in an hour and waiting wasnt a chore at all as Mary was incredibly friendly and conversive.
I will definetley be back again and will avoid all other places even though i live all the way in centennial.
This place is legit and affordable and the best in town.

I always get the best service here for my automotive needs.
I came across this place a few months ago when I needed my brakes done.
They did a great job, and cost hundreds of dollars less than the dealer.
Since then, I have consulted them whenever I need any kind of service, and they have been willing and able to help every time!

Awesome work and very friendly staff!
My first encounter with them (several years back) was when I broke 2 of my wheel mount studs when I changed a flat.
Discount Tire got me a new tire but they don't fix wheel studs.
They recommended I take it to Pro Brakes.
I took it in and Jeff said his guys will fix it at no charge!
I thought that was awesome!
A couple of years later, I got a new car and partook in several autocross events and I felt that I've put way too much punishment on my brakes.
I took it in for an inspection.
They said my brakes were okay but it needed to be cleaned.
Once again, done for free!
After 6 years of not having mechanical issues, my AC gives out!
I took to their shop, in August 2012.
Jeff quoted me for the parts and labor.
It was a VERY competitive price compared to others.
They got it done quick too!
Yesterday, (1/15/13) I dropped off my Eclipse for it's 60K service.
They did a great job!
I paid close to $100 less than a shop several  blocks down, and even flushed out my dirty power steering fluid plus Jeff threw in a free bottle of fuel cleaner!
Thank you ProBrakes!
I've also referred 2 friends to their establishment, both were happy with them as well!

Had my daughter check Yelp before she took in her truck to get brakes done.
It was narrowed down to Professional Brake Service based on the reviews it received.
After picking up her truck today, I can verify and say all the previous reviews were spot on.
Honest people, they know what they're doing, they don't cut corners and everything is explained in detail and easy to understand.
Jeff the owner kept in contact and called with the diagnosis within the hour, explained everything to Miss B. and to her dad on what needed to be done.
I wont go into detail but know Miss B.
's truck needed major brake work done.
see pic ( http://imageshack.us/a/img823/9619/picsay1363999708.jpg)  Repair was done and got the truck back the next day as promised.
When we came in Jeff and staff took time out to show us all parts that they replaced.
It clearly wasn't your everyday two hundred dollar special brake job.
Her truck had some serious brake damage and they did a great job replacing everything.
Truck was now good to go and Miss B. said her truck has never been so quiet.
Ive had nightmare issues with chain brake shops in the past that didn't care after you left their shop.
I got a sense Jeff was concerned for our family's safety.
He kept emphasizing and told Miss B. to come in or call if she has problems and to come in and have her brakes checked in a year.
Even gave her some driving tips!
I have complete confidence in this shop and will most definitely look them up again.

Place is awesome.
Enough said.

I come in after work and they take just a few moments to check out my car.
The place is nice compared to most other body shops I've waited in.
The owner, Jeff, made sure I was comfortable and even offered to change the channel :)  Jeff was thorough and gave me all the options and what they cost.
Luckily for me, there was a free option to lube up my rotors to see if the noise would go away.
They didn't charge me a dime and just reminded me that if the noise didn't go away, then the other option would probably be what I needed to do.
There's so many awful car repair places here (please see my review of Huskers Auto, Professional Brake Service's neighbor), I was very lucky to have found such an honest, decent, and professional one!!!
:)  They've definitely made a customer for life outta me and all my future referrals!

My Son broke down outside Vegas and we jumped on YELP to find a close-by Mechanic Shop that we could have AAA tow his Chevy Blazer to.
Right away the nice folks (rated five stars) at Professional Brake Service treated him and us like family friends.
They fixed his front bearing and brakes for a great price - - which is helpful since he will be attending UNLV and is on a tight budget.
We are all moving here in May.
Even though we will be living in North Las Vegas, we will be taking ALL of our vehicles here for routine and regular service.
THANKS GUYS FOR MAKING US FEEL WELCOME!

The customer service at this place is amazing!
Mary, who one of the owners with her husband, was very knowledgeable and informative!
Not to mention extremely sweet and hospitable.
I went in for brake service, and they were honest about the percentage of usable brakes left, turned out I only needed the rear (they were at 5%) but will be needing the front as well soon (currently at 30%).
She said in a couple thousand miles just come back so they can check my front to make sure they are still good or if they are looking like they will need to be worked on.
The location is near a lot of things so I just walked across the street to the cafe while I waited, (she even offered to call to find out if they have wifi).
You can tell that Mary is very enthusiastic and passionate about her business.

I went to this establishment because of all the 5 Star comments.
My 2002 Toyota Highlander with 162,000 miles needed brakes.
I know this because when I brake hard, the steering wheel did a hula shimmy.
Jeff was very personable and friendly.
Took the car for a road test then pulled the wheels.
He told me it would cost $1076.
I about had a heart attack.
I told Jeff, the car isn't even worth that much.
He then asked of I was a Senior.
Duh!
I'm 65 and look every hard bit of it.
So okay a senior discount of like $50.
I hesitated and he started wailing on his calculator, talking to himself, I guess.
He said, "well, if I figure in all the discounts I can give you, it will be $794.
I told him I wanted to get a second opinion.
Her told me the wheels were off the car and if he just turned the front rotors and put new back rotors on, I could get away with $495.
I told Jeff to put the wheels back on, I wanted a second opinion.
I could tell this was not setting well.
The talked flim-flam about the rotors being over sized on all Toyotas which made them so expensive and he needed to put on  "new hardware" to the tune of like $250.
I left the place and went to Zip Zap Auto,  3230 Durango at Lake Mead, which was the second place I had vetted via Yelp.
The owner told me $454.
This included 4 new rotors and brakes.
I said something about turning the rotors and he said they don't like to do that, they just prefer to put new rotors on and toss the old ones.
One hour later, I left the place and almost threw myself through the windshield when I hit the brakes the first time.
Ï really needed brakes!
Included was greasing/packing the wheel bearings and a safety check of the car.
I will go back to Zip Zap.
But not to Jeff's place.
Conclusion:  Why didn't Jeff just give me the bottom line price to begin with?
Why did he flim-flam me about the huge rotors for Toyotas?
Jeff came across oh, so personable, even showing me a photo of his deceased dad on a Honda motorcycle.
Sitting here now, writing this, I feel I was in the middle of a con with Jeff.

Yes, Jeff offered me 3 options.
all very expensive.
Zip Zap did it for less than  1/3 the price Jeff "finally came to" and I have new rotors, no BS.
Why 3 options?
Just do a brake job.
I guess figuring I was an old guy and from Idaho I was easy pickins.
$1076 for a brake job?
That's nuts.
On a Toyota, more nuts!
I told my wife and she went nuts.
Jeff you have my number.
Call me.
I will say what I have to say to your face, Buyers, read my review very closely.
I did not fabricate.
Just reported.
Buyer beware...

One word, relief.
This a by far the best automotive repair shop I have visited since moving to Vegas...seven years ago!
Before finding Professional Brake Service, I have always felt like I was being taken advantage of a various repair shops or severely overcharged at the dealer!
Professional Brake Services is a sweet combination of awesome service and great prices.
The staff are all amazing!
Great personalities, friendly, honest service.
They treat you like family and that is priceless!

This place is fantastic.
The owners are super friendly.
The service is fast, and they don't try to upsell you.
I came in full expecting to spend a ton of money on new brakes and was pleasantly surprised when they told me my brakes were perfectly fine.
They cleaned and tuned them up a little, took care of my brake fluid, and rotated my tires for $100.
They even noticed my battery was a little loose and tightened that up.
The initial check itself was free.
If anything, come here for the unparalleled customer service.
The owner even offered me up the wifi password so I could work while I waited.

I am a cynic by nature and tend to expect the worst from mechanics...
But even I love these guys.
Had a problem with my heating and cooling system.
They checked it out, kept me posted at all times, and fixed it ASAP.
Problem popped back up a few weeks later.
They took the time to double check all work and fixed it for good this time at no charge.
Any other place would have found a reason to charge me and I was ready for a fight.
I will be bringing my car only here from now on.
I trust them to be fair and honest with me.

And YET AGAIN these people and their employee's (especially Michael) have gone above and beyond to fix one of our cars.
This time was a mechanical problem and they are Honest and DO NOT OVERCHARGE!!!
They always Pay It Forward For Sure!

I recently took my car to them because it would shake when I applied brakes.
I found their team to be very friendly, courteous, and professional.
They took time to check out what was wrong (warped brake drums), and told me it is not a safety hazard.
I still wanted the shakiness (or pulsating as they call it!).
They gave me a very reasonable estimate and I was out with a car running as new in couple of hours!
Very happy with the service and the results!

This place is great.
I took my SUV to Professional Break Service and they could have sold me on unneeded service but they didn't.
I drove from summerlin just because they had great yelp ratings.
They are good at what they do, friendly and really helpful.
We need more of these places in Vegas!

Honest company only place I trust in Vegas!

I honestly will not take my car anywhere else now that I've found this place.
They recently replaced my radiator.
I wasn't pushed to buy anything I didn't need and everyone was helpful and friendly.
I was quickly given a quote and since I was going to be waiting they even gave me ride to nearby South Point Casino.
They called me when it was done and picked me up.
Amazing service and the price was right where it should be.
Definitely  not your average garage.
I would recommend this place to anyone.

Took my car there in the morning and spoke with Jeff (owner).
Told him my brakes sounded funny and might need replacing.
Left car and went to work.
Jeff called and told me brakes were fine and had plenty of life left.
I asked if they repaired tires as I had a slow leak on one of them.
He took car to Discount tire and had them fix tire.
They went above and beyond on not trying to sell me something I didn't need, plus took my car to get something fixed they did work on.
AWESOME!!!

There is no other place I would take my Impala to get the brakes serviced.
I have lived in Las Vegas since 2008 and have tried other auto shops that service brakes, but none compare to Jeff, his crew, and Professional Brake Service.
They are dependable, professional, courteous, respectful, and fair.
They get the job done without a bunch of wasted time and NO wasted money.
Forever a faithful customer of this place and will always refer my friends here, too.
Thank you so much Professional Brake Service!

When you find a good auto repair place in Vegas you keep it , no matter how far the distance..
This one is a keeper...
I went to Ford and they were going to charge me $1000 , went here and they charged me $185.. Service was great, honest and friendly..
Truly a mom and pop place which I LOVE..... Stop looking everyone this is where you need to go

Great service!
I came in on a Friday to get my rear brakes repaired.
I dropped my car off around 10 and hoped they would be able to get the job done quickly!
They were able to get it done before 5 pm and gave me a discounted price because I had just spend big bucks the weekend before on new tires!
I will definitely come back and refer all my friends!

I never thought I would come across a brake shop with a 5-star rating on Yelp (after 70 reviews, nonetheless).
And to be honest, I was a bit leery that this place would be able to live up to all the great reviews.
But it did.
You won't have to worry about being taken advantage of or mislead when bringing your vehicle here.
Professional Brake Service is all about customer service, honesty, and integrity.
I won't be taking my car anywhere else as long as I'm in Vegas.

Great experience twice in a row!
They really took care of me and didn't rip me off (or attempt to rip me off for that matter).
They really seemed more interested in the repeat business and referral rather than getting me for all I've got in one shot.
Very honest and friendly staff.
The owners were both extremely helpful and friendly.
I would recommend this place to anyone in the Las Vegas area, just all around good people, which unfortunately is rare these days.
And ladies, don't be intimidated, they won't tell you your air filter is a $60 fix :)  I would give them 10 stars if I could.

I'm usually a do-it-yourselfer, but I ran into a problem I couldn't resolve.
Professional Brake Service is close to my house, so I dropped in based on the recommendations of other Yelpers.
After inspecting the brakes, they called to recommend replacing the well-worn rotors and cheapie brake pads I had just installed.
Certainly legitimate issues, but I didn't have enough money to cover it.
Jeff did the best he could based upon what I could afford.
I thought the communication was good and I appreciated Jeff's efforts to help me get the most braking value out of my limited budget.
I left perfectly satisfied that day.
Anyway, their customer service shined brightest a few weeks later.
I went to take off a wheel to rotate my tires and found that one of the lug nuts had been cross-threaded.
Believe me, these things happen to everyone.
I called Pro Brake and JD explained that they would be happy to fix it, but they were heavily booked that Friday.
JD asked if I could come in Monday, and not only would they fix the lug, but they would also rotate my tires for me.
Unfortunately that didn't fit my schedule.
Jeff, the owner, agreed to squeeze me in.
I took the truck and even though their lifts were full of cars, JD worked on my truck behind the shop right away.
I have to tell you, replacing the stud is harder than you'd think on my truck, requiring disassembly of the whole wheel down to the bearings..  JD spent an hour on the job.
They even tried to order a genuine Nissan lug nut to replace the one that was damaged.
Unfortunately, it wasn't in stock, so they found a serviceable replacement in the shop.
Every business can be pleasant when they're taking your money, but their true colors come through in a situation like this.
They cheerfully owned up to the problem and did everything reasonable to see that I was satisfied.
Trust me, some other places forget you as fast as they can process your payment.
Thanks Jeff and JD.
I appreciated your efforts and your honesty.
Professional Brake Service is my go-to from now on.

For fair, honest brake service, go to this shop!!
!Great experience..they took excellent care of me AND my car.
I recommend this place for brake and suspension repair...go here FIRST!!!

Pro Brakes more than lived up to its ratings!
I took my car in to get my A/C fixed.
I thought I would need a whole new A/C compressor, but it turned out to be a small part that was more than affordable.
The owner and the service guy told me what was going on and how much it was going to cost as they fixed my car (instead of waiting till the end).
I am so grateful they didn't take advantage of me because this was the first time I ever got my car fixed.
The owner really does value repeat service and referrals over a quick buck and I really appreciate it.
The owner is super friendly (and funny) and the service was more than quick!
I just wish other auto shops were as honest and affordable as this one.
No doubt, I will definitely go back if I need something else fixed!

I was on my way back to Cali from Vegas one late Sunday night when my car broke down by the Primm Valley Resort and Casino.
Turned out my alternator needed to be replaced.
I had no choice but to call out from work the next day and get it fixed.
I did not know of any auto shops around the area and there was no way I was gonna tow my car back to Cali.
I decided to yelp auto shops and this was the first one that came up.
I called first thing in the morning and a woman by the name Mary picked up the phone.
(Turns out she is one of the owners) She was awesome and very helpful from the start!
I explained my situation and told her I needed to get back to Cali that same day.
She told me to just bring the car in and they will have it taken care of right away.
I got my car towed into the shop and the moment I walked in, there was Mary at the front desk.
I could tell it was her by the sound of her voice and how sweet and polite she was.
She started working on things right away and even introduce me to the mechanic that would be working on my car.
I've never gotten service like that!
Anyways, to make a long story short, I found out I had a warranty on my alternator (I had gotten it replaced over a year ago and bought the part from Autozone).
The mechanic then went out of his way and went to the local Autozone to have the part replaced!
They could have  just left that work up to me or could have just charged me to replace it with their own parts but they didn't.
They went above and beyond with their service!
I was very pleased with the service that was provided!!
Everything was taken care of like she said.
I definitely recommend this place!
I wasn't ripped off like other places.
You can definitely trust this place.
:) Thanks Mary!

Great service & value!
Jeff was very welcoming and I could tell he really appreciates his customers business.
I didn't feel like I was taken advantage of, like most car shops do.
I like how they explained everything they were doing to your car.
I highly recommend this place to anyone seeking a break job or other car repair!

Nothing new to add from the previous reviews about how great this place is, but I had to give a little overview of my own experience.
My rear brakes had started making the worst scraping noise a couple weeks ago and I was looked for a good place to take a look at it on my side of town.
Two friends recommended Professional Brakes and now I see why.
I took it in for a diagnosis today and found out I needed new rotors as well as brake pads.
The gentleman who I believe is the owner, Jeff, even took me out to look at my rotors and brake pads to see how bad they were and explained everything that needed to be done.
He was very friendly and seemed genuinely honest about everything he was telling me  They provided a shuttle service to take me home while working on my car and when I returned to pick it up, one of the mechanics had even restored and shined my headlights for free.
I usually only trust one place in Vegas to work on my car but I have now added Professional Brakes to my list.

Came in for check engine light and they checked it out for free and referred me to somewhere that could help, then also cleaned my front headlights and buffed them for free!

once again professional brake service have saved the day - did you know they have a mechanic - mike - that does pretty much all repair work on cars, vans & trucks and is verrry honest and reasonable!!!
thanks mike!!

They just finished my car, I have to say this is the best place to take your car in town.
I called several places and they were quoting me way too much.
Not only was the owner Jeff extremely honest and helpful, he told me I didn't need a lot of the things I was told I needed; I saved so much money.
It's hard finding a mechanic being a girl, but I got lucky with this place.
I am extremely happy and will continue to be a customer here :D

THE BEST!!!!
I will never go anywhere else to get my car work done.
I drove all the way across town to Professional Brake Service because of the reviews on Yelp for a second opinion on an inspection that was done by another shop.
They gave me a list, and it was over 800.00, after checking it out, we found that only 130.00 of repairs needed to be done.....Loved the personalized experience and the service was AMAZING!!
One of a kind.....

There's nothing good/great that I can say that hasn't been said.
I went in for them to check on my brakes...I left with brake changing 101 knowledge.
(I'm the type of guy that loves to learn everything he can) I asked the mechanic if I could watch...not only did he say,"sure" but explained everything in detail & answered all of my question.
I don't think I have ever left a car shop with a smile on my face til now.
Great Job Guys Yelp reviews well earned!!

I don't write reviews but this place deserve a 10 star!!!
Mary explained to me the issue with my car in details with pictures and the whole shebang.
Gave me a FREE check up didn't pressure me about getting anything done she even told me I don't need anything done and that I'm safe but she gave me the options of what needs to be done to stop the pulsation of my car.
Why can't all car shops be like them I wish they do a full service and I will drive to them anytime for any car service.
Thank you!

I took my car to this brake specialist based on Yelp reviews and was not disappointed.
The owner, Jeff, and service specialist, went over what had to be taken care of with my front brake problem.
They got to work on it right away and the price was cheaper than what I was quoted from the car service department.
Highly recommended and great to know of an honest brake specialist in the Las Vegas area.

Best car shop experience I have had in the 10 years of living in Las Vegas!!!!!
Thank you for being am honest shop!
They go way above and beyond!
So happy I read the reviews and stopped here.
The 5 star reviews are correct!!!
They added a polish to my head lights with no charge and its mind blowing!
They look brand new!

I had excellent service from Craig & Jeff, this company takes care of their customers.
I recently had a horrible experience at a Nissian dealership I purchased a vehicle from.
I turned to yelp for a reputable business specializing in my needs.
Professional brake service was affordable, they use high quality replacement parts, and the turn around time was amazing.
At a time when customer service is at an all time low this place hits a high note.

Amazing service.
There's no sense of someone taking advantage of you.
The owner Jeff is a good guy who will strike up a conversation with you and keep you busy.
This is the place to go and I will recommend all my friends and family to their location.
The previous reviews are not wrong.
Go here and they will take care of you and your car!

Honesty Stellar Service Salaried Employees Happy and Professional Staff Value  This review has been a long time coming!
At first I felt bad taking my car in for something I normally do myself...but I was down to the wire, so I figured why not.
I am glad I did!
These guys treated me like family through the whole experience, from my first phone call, to checking up on me during my road trip shortly after my brake service.
I felt I had full disclosure of what was going on with my car before I was ever asked for the sale.
The technicians even allowed me back to see the issues first hand with my brakes on a new to me car.
Not only did the tech working on my car offer to let me use his truck if I needed to go anywhere, but he also chatted me up in a genuinely manner.
I never felt like this company or any of the employees were out to make a fast buck.
It is a shame I had not found these wonderful people earlier.
You may pay a bit more than other places, but nothing beats the integrity and service you will experience.
Bottom Line: I'd send my Wife, Sister, Mother, or Grandmother here without me, knowing they would be treated well and with honesty.

My brother and I took my 91 GMC in for a brake service and were absolutely floored by the amazing service!
I figured all the good reviews couldn't be wrong and they were definitely right!
Despite the fact that it was pouring rain, the owner Jeff, who was an absolute pleasure to converse with, offered to take us wherever we wanted to go while my car was being serviced.
They even picked us up afterwards and propped up my drivers window that I haven't gotten up in years.
Jeff even told me they'd be able to fix the power in the window when I got a chance.
I'll definitely be back!

Top Notch!
My husband and I have been bringing our personal vehicles here for years, and this is the only place my husband brings his company trucks as well.
They are honest, trustworthy, just genuinely nice people.
The mechanics are paid salary, not commission, so you don't have to worry about the up-selling and swindling that goes on at other, shall we say, "terrible" places.
It is so nice to have a mechanic tell you that you don't need an expensive part you thought you did.
This is where we now send our 20 yr old daughter for her auto needs as well.
Can't say enough good things about these people :)

I am thankful that I found  this place and its great reviews in advance.
The reviews are no lie.
My brakes will be better then ever after I leave here today.
Also note they have a very generous military discount!!!!

Great people with good, honest work.
I have two vehicles and bring them to here for pretty much everything.

Came and checked this place out because of all the reviews.
They are on point!
Best experience at a garage in my life!
Family owned and all the techs are super friendly and easy to talk to.
They even gave me a ride home while they were working on my truck.
They do awesome work, they carry great products and best of all I didn't feel like I got ripped off or taken advantage of.
Don't go anywhere else!

Like all the previous reviews before me I have to say this place is great!!!
From my initial phone call with Mary who was amazing and very friendly, to my no cost visit.
Although the diagnosis on my car wasn't what I expected and is going to force me to give up on it, the customer service was one of a kind and I felt comfortable every step of the way.
Michael is a very nice and honest mechanic that showed me the problems and offered numerous solutions on how to fix it.
They help you promptly and are AMAZING!
Will never go anywhere else in Vegas!
Thank you Mary and Michael!

Found these guys here on yelp and they do indeed deserve 5 stars.
Haven't met more honest repair people.
They went out of their way to help me with a squealing brake problem.
Assured me that the brakes were safe and help try to eliminate the squeal without having to replace any parts at no cost.
Definitely recommend these people.

I must write a review explaining how happy I was with the people and the service at Professional Brake Service.
I was treated like family from the moment that Mary answered the phone to the time Craig inspected my car and let me know what was needed, I was completely impressed and put at ease.
Auto repair is like pulling teeth for me.
Not only did they not intimidate me upon walking in but I got a full education how the brake system works.
I would refer Professional Brake Service to anyone.
Thank you thank you.

I took my car in to get my brakes fixed because they were squeaking.
The guy told me I didn't need new brake pads but I just needed them "deglazed" well that was 100$ and they squeak worse than ever!!!!
I took it back and he said he would re do it but if it still doesn't work I would have to buy new brake pads!
So that original 100 I spent just went down the drain!
My boyfriend told me what deglazing meant and it's like spraying a coat on there.
And I got worked!
They were just taking advantage of me because I'm female like most audio places do!

They were sincere about what my car needed.
Time expectations were realistic.
Very friendly and detailed mechanics.
The budget was worth the money.
What can I say that other reviews haven't?
These guys are loyal mechanics and that's what I wanted.
I just had a 120,000 mile maintenance and my car runs amazing!!
I will be taking am my car needs to them for both our family cars.

I will be a customer until the day I leave Henderson.
I was able to set up an appointment for the next day and they worked me in.
The wait wasn't too bad considering the number of vehicles they were servicing.
They have an open shop policy and allowed me to spend the entire time talking with and observing the work on my car.
Michael did an excellent job on my brakes.
He went above and beyond the call of duty for me and I will be recommending this shop to all friends and family in the area.
The prices were fair for the quality of service.
Thank you all.

My brakes had been squeaking very badly and my brake light randomly came on one morning.
I checked yelp to see what brake companies where around.
This one had the best reviews.
Not only did they give me a FREE brake check up, but they sanded down and conditioned the brake pads on all four tires.
They also changed my brake fluid, refilled my windshield wiper fluid, filled my oil with a "special oil" that gets me better gas mileage AND filled all four tires with air.
ALL of this was FREE.
they're a family business and truly believe in great customer service.
Will definitely be going back in the future.

I started searching for a new mechanic after feeling like the mechanic I had been going to for more than 10 years was ripping me off.
I found PBS on Yelp.
I took my car there after being told by my previous mechanic that I would need rear brakes in three months.
I took my car there and dropped it off expecting to have to have them replaced.
After about 20 minutes the owner called and said my brakes didn't need to be replaced, just cleaned.
Instead of the $300 I was expecting it cost me $59 and was ready in an hour.
I was so pleased that I took my other car down to have it checked because the check engine light was on.
They did a diagnostic check and determined that it was because I hadn't tightened my gas cap enough.
They reset the system and sent me on my way free of charge.
I have sent several people there and they have been equally pleased.
I have definitely found my new mechanic.

Honest owners and great customer service!
I stopped by to have my brakes looked at and within 15 minutes they had looked at my car and communicated with me what was going on.
They let me know my brakes looked good and didn't need anything, just come back in one year to have them looked at again, then rotated my tires...all for free.
Amazing business!

Brought my truck in for squeaking brakes.
Tech Craig came an got me.
Pads are still 95%.
He said these will last long time.
No service needed.
Mary at the desk is super friendly.
Fast an honest service.
Just made a new customer.
Thumbs up

Obviously it's a 5 star.
I sent my great Aunt here to get her air conditioning fixed on her vehicle.
Yes, these guys specialize in more than just brakes.
They treated her with kindness and respect.
She left extremely satisfied and spending only $100 to have ice cold AC for the upcoming summer.
Thanks guys for treating her great.

Very good service.
Been here 3 different times and left happy every time.
First time my brakes were squeaking very badly and went to just brakes they told me i need to replace everything from pads, rotors, and drums in rear.
Went to Jeff at PBS and they were just dirty needed a little cleaning and some non squeak and $50 later my car sounds great.
I also went in and had everything completely replaced from pads, rotors, and drums in rear and gave an excellent deal.
Go check out Jeff for all your brake needs!!

This company really is the best.
They are honest, they are polite, they'll let you know what is needed (and show you what is needed).
the best part of all, is that it was MUCH less expensive than the franchise shops.

I have always found it difficult to find an honest mechanic...until I came to Professional Brake Service!
I was recommended to them by a family member because I had several horrible experiences, especially because I'm a younger girl.
I called an made an appointment, and they fixed an engine issue in one day!
Not only was their quote 400 dollars cheaper than anywhere else, they called me and said it would be 100 dollars less because they didn't need a part they thought they needed.
I was SHOCKED!
I highly recommend this place, especially to those who have been burned by dishonest mechanics.
Extremely friendly service as well!
When there is an issue with your car, they will explain exactly what is wrong and why they need to fix it.

Pros:  Honesty Stellar Service Great people Price  Cons: NONE!
Amazing service!
The owner was the exact definition of customer service with a little down home hospitality.
I was initially afraid to come to this shop because I was wary of the prices I may be quoted based on my sex.
None of that here!
I got all new brakes, a new radiator (at a later date), and my fluids flushed and changed at no additional cost!
Total for my brakes was around 350 (my brakes were pretty bad), and I didn't feel cheated at all.
They even give you a ride to things to do in the area so you don't have to just sit and wait.
The guy who worked on my car was named Steve and he explained everything to me in layman's term (which I'll admit I definitely needed) lol.
I would recommend this shop to EVERYONE.
You won't regret it!

I'm jumping in on the lovefest here.
I love this place - a year and a half after getting my brakes done, they still don't squeal.
It's the first time I've ever had brakes done that didn't squeal after the repair.
EVERY OTHER brake place has told me that the squealing was normal.
PBS's work was so good that the brakes felt like new.
And since I'm a woman "of a certain age," I've had my share of vehicles and have had lots of brake repairs done!
They are not the cheapest, but neither are they the most expensive.
Their work is good, the owner and mechanics are efficient, skilled, and HONEST.
The value is far more than the price.
It's way on the other side of the world for me, but I don't care.
I see no reason to go anywhere else.
My only gripe is that they are not open over the weekend.
When I mentioned that, owner commented that it was important for him to have his crew be able to spend weekends with their friends and family - in other words, to have normal lives.
You gotta love it.

Best place ever friendly service honest and checked everything for.free due to my concerns for taking a road trip ill definitely be backthanks Jeff and team:)

