Compassion.
Dignity.
Peace of mind.
Words that many of these places throw around but few feel like they mean it.
I was so pissed this morning that the place that claim 24 hour service did not pick up or call back soon.
Sure I see now they left a message at 6am, but we called around 11pm and several times after.
Timely fashion is all I was hoping for.
At 6am- its a weird time to call and also I passed out from all the worrying...what did they expect?
We wait by our phone that long?
I resorted to clearing out the stand alone freezer in the garage and put our lil girl in to preserve her.
We would have been royally fucked if we didn't have a freezer chest and that shouldn't have happened with 24/7 care places around.
A body  in 60*F temperature will already smell of decay in only 6 hours- more as the temp rises.
This is an industry where timing is very important because its dealing with deceased.
I know it would make me very upset if my dog was rotting and excreting out body fluids before I got a call back....and she would have if I didn't have a freezer.
That is not giving the dog dignity or helping with owners peace of mind- it's adding to my stress to wait and no parent wants to see their animal in such a dismal condition.
I called Craig Pet Cemetery this morning and I was treated with a gentle voice explaining what to expect and to come in anytime with her.
I started crying on the phone and you can hear that this lady was kind and sincere in saying they're here to help us through and to hang in there.
We load LuLu into the car and go in to fill our paperwork.
They show us the memorial placard where they put the paw and hair from your pet and I started to bawl and made my partner Scott lose it.
The lady rubbed my hand that was on the counter and handed us tissues.
She was holding back tears too.
Her love of animals and the people who love them clearly shows.
I don't want anyone else to cry over our dog, but I do appreciate her compassion for us and it helped put me at ease that they will treat LuLus body with respect and care here.
It's the subtle things too in the way people say things that make a difference- on the phone she referred to LuLu as "your baby", and still called her as her, as LuLu and not "the body".
Sensitivity is appreciated....I never lost an animal that meant something.
When they brought a wagon out to get her body out of the car, a visitor saw and watched them take her away and approached us while we were crying.
She told us that it's hard, but they will take care of her like they have to all the pets she's buried here and wanted us to take care, god bless and wished the best for our puglet.
Kind words from strangers- wasn't expecting it, but gave me some hope.
I feel a great weight off now that I know we can get her to rest.
Thank you for the compassion when we needed it most.
I know I have a place to count on in the future.
Never thought I can love a dog this much.
I cared for all my animals but never felt this way about my previous pets nor did Scott.
Definitely hurts that we only had such a short time, but it was a wonderful 11 months....We just weren't expecting her to leave us so soon and that is probably is what hurts the most- there was still so much more we wanted to do with her.
I had her "gotcha" party planned for next month to celebrate her first year, I had plans for a California "dog friendly" trip with her, my moms dogs, and my girlfriends dogs to be able to frolic, I had a photoshoot in mind..I just ordered special Holga film for her....  She was special and no other pet can ever replace her.
We just hope we loved her enough and gave her the best year of her life- God knows we tried.
LuLu "Cookings" RoMonstor RIP.

Check their web site!
Exactly the pages.
Peaceful and the people really loves animals.
I met my cat again before cremate.
After cremated they gave me a tiny case and nice stuff for the frame with my cat's paw print and fur inside.
My cat was 22 year old.
I was very very sad but I was happy to heard this place from Pebble Maryland Animal Hospital.
It's an amazing place!!

Craig Road Pet Cemetery is fabulous.
I work at an animal hospital so I work with their staff often.
Very kind, caring people who go above and beyond to help you with your needs.
They have cremated 3 of my pets now and I always get them back quickly.
The grounds are also very well kept and beautiful.

I am sad to write this review.
One of our cats suddenly died and I took her here for cremation.
The staff is just as kind, caring, and compassionate as the other reviews have mentioned.
I have been here before several years ago and I had the same caring staff work with me.
I highly recommend them.

I have been a YELP member for many years and this is the hardest review I will ever have to write.
But we finally had put down our 15 year old Shepherd Lab  "Shamrock" after a year of health decline and, simply, old age.
We humanely and gently put her down at the Ann Rd.
Animal Hosp.
who were very compassionate and will get a nice review as well.
But i wanted to start here.
We wanted her ashes and asked the vet where they will send her and they told us it would be the Craig Rd Pet Cemetery.
So, of course I HAD to YELP it and was SO PLEASED to see the nice 5 star reviews here.
The office is closed on weekends so Monday we went to visit them.
Being it was November in Vegas it was cool and sunny outside.
Something about visiting a cemetery in the fall just seemed ..."ok?/ appropriate".
The grounds were lovely.
granite pet tombstones, flowers, photos, little pet mausoleums even a little pet church with chairs and a box of tissues in it.
talk about heart breaking.
We went inside the office which was buzzing with employees and activity but still had a comfortable rustic feeling to it.
There were photos on the wall of animals that have been buried there.
They have a horse and even have a full size elephant buried there at the cemetery.
We talked to the girl working the counter and let her know Shamrock was coming and wanted a private cremation and to have her ashes returned to us.
We showed her a photo of Shamrock and wanted her to "make sure she took care of her.
"  She assured us Shamrock will be cremated privately and returned to us.
She was extremely compassionate.
I just needed to see the place.
In California we never knew where they "did that" and of course, I imagined some dark cold heartless mass grave in an industrial park with a smoke stack.
But not here.
It was paradise for pets.
My partner saw a lovely little silver and gold leaf metal urn that caught her attention and said "can we pick her up in this"?.
it was only $29.
but looked very expensive.
She did not want to get Shammy back in a paint can or a cardboard box.
They had at least 100 different urns of all shapes and sizes.
but that's the one that we liked.
So, we will get her back Friday.
and I guarantee more crying will ensue.
But I very much recommend the Craig Rd Pet Cemetery.
THANK YOU KIM and Lisa and all the staff.
I could go on and on how sad we are but this is a review.
Not an obituary.
But damn, we are soooo going to  miss "our Baby".
5 stars~

This is obviously a business I wish I didn't have to review but as a pet owner the inevitable is bound to happen at some point.
I take comfort in the fact that our lab, Codie, lived a good, long, loved life of 11 years.
After putting him down late on a Wednesday, I called the Cemetery the next morning to discuss what I wanted.
Our vet, Grand Montecito, does provide the information but that evening we were too upset to really decide on an urn, etc.
From the moment I called to discuss what I wanted I was treated very compassionately.
I did stop by in person to choose an urn but nothing really stood out to me so I wound up ordering elsewhere online.
I also ordered a couple of  keepsakes items.
They informed me that even if I chose an urn someplace else that I could bring it back to them and they would transfer the ashes over for me.
I thought that was nice.

We, unfortunately, have had three occasions to use Craig road pet cemetery.
One cat at 19, one the next year who was 22, and another the next year who was 23.
Unlike some if the other reviews, we had them buried in caskets there in the cemetery.
The staff has ALWAYS been great, the prices are reasonable, and they treat you with compassion and dignity.
I have recommended several people there.

We recently had to transition Glock, our Beautiful Dalmatian of 15 years.
That was a horrible call to make, especially when we were out if the country.
We had her cremated & was pleasantly surprised when I picked up her remains at the vet.
Did not know what to expect, but the cedar box, her paw print, some fur, the Rainbow Bridge poem & a small envelope of rosemary & her ashes to spread was much appreciated.
Nicely done.
She is greatly missed & probably chasing every rabbit that crossed that bridge:)

We have used them through our vet for all our dogs.
Sadly, we had to say good-bye to one of our beautiful rescue dogs yesterday.
They will also provide her ashes in a beautiful cedar box, her paw print and fur on a card with a lovely poem.
They do a beautiful job.
It never gets easier and we will miss our sweet Rosie.
When we drive pass Craig Road Pet Cemetery it is always covered with beautiful colors of flowers real and silk.They are compassionate and caring.
Our vet makes the arrangements for you.

