Green Chile Bagels are excellent.
Either with the breakfast sandwich or the open faced turkey and cheddar it doesn't matter it is delicious.
Be weary of one thing.
I didn't see a price on the orange juice, but when they rang me up it was like 4 bucks.
Other than that this place is always great  for a quick fix.

What do I look for from a good Bagel shop.....  - Fresh Bagels.
- Quick Service.
- Tasty Cream Cheese.
This location has it all.....enough said.
Will I return?
You bet.

THE NICEST people work here.
They have such a great vibe that you want to just hang out here.
Doesn't hurt that Einstein Bagels are pretty damned good too.
This is the norm Einstein's so I'm not going to critique the food, but this location has the bomb employees!

Love this place and its right around the corner from me.
fresh bagels, attentive staff and fair prices.

No salads... No regular cream cheese.. That counts out lunch for me I won't be stoping back.
Girl was less then pleasant.

Poor service.
Poor organization.
The wait was too long because they were not operating in a systematic process or doing anything like I have seen in order Einsteins.
I had to go back in and wait in line to get napkins and knives for my bagel bucket, they weren't even helpful or acknowledge their mistake

Seriously, only Einsteins could manage to F'up a bagel and cream cheese.
EVERY, SINGLE, TIME, I go here they get my order wrong.
Forget to toast the bagel.
Give me the wrong kind of bagel.
Refuse to cut my bagel in half.
They never have any of the bagels that people want (Everything, garlic).
But you can bet that they have a bajillion Green Chile bagels laying around.
Fruit cups look dangerously old.
Ridiculous ordering system.
Honestly I wish I could like this place better because I live so close but Jeez.
Never in my life have I seen such a simple concept so poorely executed.
The absolute worst bagel store I have ever stepped foot in.

Service was PAINFULLY slow.
Took 30 minutes for 2 paninis.
I mean really?
We saw that they were preparing everyone else's bagel orders before they finally got around to making our panini.
When we checked our bag in the car, we found that the lady gave us the wrong order of chips.
Incredibly disappointed with the service here.
Won't be returning

I'd rather give this place three stars...so why 4?
Because of the friendly service.
I love bagels.
I like the selection they offer and the espresso drinks as well.
Yes the service is a bit slow, yes they have messed up my order but you know what?
They fixed their mistake without any attitude or rolling of eyes.
I like that.
And you know what?
Friendly goes a long way.
How can you be mad at someone who apologizes for their mistake and fixes it right away?
You can't, unless you are a monster.
The bagels are good, always perfectly toasted and buttered.
The staff takes awhile to make drinks, maybe they don't make a lot of lattes or maybe they need to brush up on their faster pace skills.
The drinks take FOR-EVA...but they are always tasty.
And it seems that the specialty feature lattes are constantly changing and I order those, so maybe it's a "how do I make this new drink?
" Issue and not a pace issue.
Now I said everyone here is nice.
I meant that except for one employee.
Guess who that employee is?
Oh it's the GM!!
That woman is a B rhymes with witch.
I was in utter shock when I found out that this unpleasant individual was the GM!!
Scenario: I ordered a strawberry banana smoothie for my person.
It's a Saturday at noon.
The bagel pickings were slim and they still have four more hours until close.
Is anyone making bagels?
Bueller?
Bueller?
The associate starts to make the smoothie and realizes oh there are no bananas.
Who used the last banana?
Hint: whoever used the last banana could have said "Hey we are out of 'naners!
" And someone could have WALKED across the parking lot to Albertsons to get more because not sure if anyone read the beverage menu board but STRAWBERRY BANANA SMOOTHIE is a prominently displayed drink choice.
You need bananas for that and conveniently a grocery store is right there, like right there!!!
My person doesn't want just a strawberry smoothie or a mixed berry smoothie.
So I asked to just get a refund.
They call over the person eating their lunch in the store which brings me to, hey you are kind of busy, think you can jump in and help instead of stuffing your face ignoring the fact that there is a line???
This person (a woman) goes to give me change and I said wait can't you put it back on my card?
I paid with a credit card.
She says oh I forgot to ask you if you wanted it on your card but I already did it and I am going to give you change.
So I asked her if she would put it on my card since that is an option.
She sighed very heavily, rolled her big, stupid eyes at me and went on to charge me for another drink on my card and had to void that one plus return the first one.
In my head I was thinking, if this place wasn't around the corner and if everyone wasn't so nice I'd never come here again if this were my first time here.
I didn't know that was the GM, they went and sat back down after "helping, not helping" me.
I was appalled, there was still a line and cream cheese tubs in a bus bucket teetering on the cooler edge that needed to be put out and displayed, but they got busy and the employee doing that task jumped behind the counter to HELP.
You'd think the GM (who I didn't know was the GM at the time) would maybe take the what 3 minutes it would take to put them away instead of sitting back down to eat?
I went in today and the nice manager with the long blonde pony tail, I wish I knew her name...was there.
I thought she was GM she's always helpful and pleasant and I wanted her to know, listen you have a manager here who isn't exactly welcoming, you need to coach her on her people skills because if I wasn't a regular and didn't know that it's normally a pleasant experience here, I'd never come back.
She told me that woman was the GM.
My mouth involuntarily fell open in shock.
I couldn't believe it.
The GM is acting like that?
Wow.
And I noticed a we're hiring sign on the window.
It makes me wonder who would want to work for this woman?
Are they having a hard time keeping employees?
If you treat a customer like she did me and she thought that was acceptable behavior what does she treat her employees like.
I felt bad for the entire staff.
I hope the GM sees this.
(Maybe customer service is not your forte...or maybe you need to work very hard on your people skills, I get the impression you are new, if you need some coaching on how to deal with people please respond to my review and I will be happy to set up a time to get together to go over basic customer service behaviors with you.
I am very serious.

This bagel shop is great!
Most times it can be busy but they seem to never run out of the bagels you want.
The business is generally clean.
It also has a nice patio outside although it can be sometimes a little noisy next to the main road.
They don't have any high chairs so make sure if you have a little one you bring your own.
Staff are friendly and if you come in a couple of times they will remember you.

Update: I've been coming to this bagel shop for a while now, and today was great, the staff are Personable, friendly and just plain nice.
I don't expect any special treatment but it's just nice to come to an establishment where the staff have a smile that doesn't seem fake.
Yeah they work hard but you'd never know they were unhappy with what they are doing.
Big credit to management

Love love love Einstein bagels.
I always order the Turkey bacon Alvacado.
I've tried their pizza bagel and liked that too.
The Cheyenne location however has the best service!
They are fast and always get my order right.
Five stars ***** for sure!

