I believe Gabriel Jewelers has at least two locations.
The Serene location is the one I have personal experience with.
The other may be on Pecos...  Serene shop is small but plenty of jewelry to see.
I focused on a small collection of bridal sets.
Very nice stones.
Some are large enough to demand steep prices.
Several rings with stones close to one carat are a bit high in price for the average consumer.
Gabriel does the typical price it high and give a 50% discount instead of pricing fair to begin with.
This is Veeeerrryyy common throughout Vegas as I've come to find out.
Keep in mind that you are the boss and have to know what you are looking for and market prices to back up any offer below asking price.
I declined to inquire further about price since the saleswoman seem to be in a rush with many customers in the store.
The attitude seemed to be "here is the price, take it or leave it.
"    I left it.
Again, the rings were of good quality...no complaints there.
Service was prompt and good natured.
I hear Gabriel's has a decent reputation and so chooses to build that into the price.
I'd rather put up with a lesser known name with a written guarantee AND a fair market value price than pay for just a name.
For Pete's sake, people are looking to save money these days, not drop a fortune on a bridal set!
However, I do recommend you check out Gabriel's just to get a feel for what is out there.

The customer service at this place is just plain awful.
I had looked up jewelry repair on yelp and saw that none of the places in my area had exceptional reviews so I decided to go to the manufactures website to see if they had any approved jewelers and once again this place came up so I decided to call them.
A woman answered the phone with a voice that sounded like I had just woken her up.
When I started to ask how much a battery change would be I didn't get more then two words out before she interrupted me and said "HEY cant you call back later, were not even open right now!
" in a rude tone.
One I don't like being interrupted and two if you are not open and you don't want to help then don't answer the phone.
Very simple.

Stay away from the Serene location unless you like extremely rude employees.
I wish I had read the other reviews before I went there for jewelry repair.
Do yourself a favor, go to another jewelry store even if it is much further away.

After reading the reviews I was nervous about going here to get a watch battery.
I went friday and the service was great.
The lady was very friendly and service was quick.

So in the high stakes claim for: "The Most D!ckheaded Customer Service at a Jewelry Shop in Vegas," you Gabriel Jewelers take a photo finishing second place.
Cause lucklily for you Gabriel, believe it or not you have another jeweler that shall go unamed down the street from you *cough*Freij*cough* that has piss poorer service.. but I wouldn't depend on it if I were you.
These other reviewers don't lie, son!
Strike 1: I'm just looking to get a watch repaired.
But then dude yells over to me that they're closed.
Ok fine but you gotta be rude about it dude?
Numero dos: Alright so maybe dude was tired and wanted to go home, so I return another day to get an estimate on the repair from the same rude cat, and he tells me it will take a week.
But by the weeks end I receive no call back.
Y'all aren't THAT busy that you can't take a few minutes to show a little professionalism and call me and update me to let me know whats up?
#3: I call them up they still don't know whats going on with my watch but the woman on the other end tells me that she will indeed call me back in a few.
A day passes, still no call back.
A little peeved, I call them myself to let them know I'm just gonna pick up my watch already.
You get .5 star for not abruptly tossing my watch on the counter.
* A little professionalism and consideration can go a long way.
Perception is reality.
if the lack of a few simple call back(s) is an indication of how you conduct your business and treat your customers then I'm not fu*king with you.
Pure and simple.
*Check out Freij Jewlers for more info.

My fiancé collaborated with Gabriel and I must say my ring is gorgeous!
The quality of the diamonds and sapphire are amazing.
A perfect ring indeed.
And a resize the same day.
The customer service was excellent for a small business location.
Much better than the hounds at the bigger companies.
A true happy customer!

Took my nice watch in for battery replacement.
The hour hand was not aligned properly when they returned the watch.
They said they'd have to send it in to fix it.
Had to get it fixed at another watchmaker.

Good experience.
I had two watches that I needed the batteries replaced on and I don't have tools small enough.
I went in with no appointment or anything and was informed that the person who did the repair was on lunch break so it would be done in an hour.
No worries.
Only fear I had was that no prices were discussed before I left.
I came back in an hour.
watches were ready as promised...I guess one was broke so they didn't charge me for the time and effort to figure this out.
watch battery plus labor to replace cost me $9.95.
I was good with that!

Went to get a new watch battery.
Sales women was rude & unfriendly.
You get treated better at Walmart.

