I'm pissed..   For a week now, I have been walking around with a brand new set of acrylics that had been chipping off since the day I got them.
Well I went to this location and I live 20 miles away from them so I have not had a chance to get them to "correct" it.
I came here initially to get a pedi, it was only $20 and I was on my way out of Walmart and the price made me wanna get the pedi.
So I did.
Then while I was being worked on, I saw the special for the full set for $20 as well., so i said, ok.
It took 3 hours between my pedi and mani.
My pedi was mediocre, the nail polish was not applied evenly so all my toes are different shades of the nail polish color.. Then my set of nails are horrid.
They all have crack lines and everything is sticking to it because it's so rough.
The lady filed my nice set of nails after my top coat was applied, and that ruined my set!!!
I knew the second she busted out with the nail file and took my hand and filing away.
My logical mind told me she shouldn't do that, but she did anyway.
45 min after I left I noticed all the top coat were coming off because she had filed it so it created a rough edges and opened up the top coat and peeled.
To add, when all was said and done, she told me it was 55 bucks.. when it was supposed to be $40!!!!
I called the owner right away and she said to come back the next day.. well I will, on Friday, to get a new set for free.. they don't know it yet, but I will make them... Over charged, and poor quality.

We came here around 7pm on a Friday, 30 mins before they close.
One of the worker said, they still take customers so we are happy that they welcomed us.
I got mani/pedi here for $50 with gel polished in my manicure; I had two workers doing each part-- one for manicure and one for pedicure.
Both of them did well cleaning my nails, I didn't really get hurt or anything.
They first acknowledge on which color I wanted for my mani/pedi, I got purple nail polished.
They asked me again on which color I wanted right before they put it on my nails.
The ladies that did my manicure/pedicure were pretty good, they painted my nails evenly, but it seems like I was being rushed halfway because they want to leave asap.
I would come back at this place because they did well with my nails and I am happy with the results.
My only suggestion is to come early so that, they won't rush it as much.

I truly got some awesome service at this salon.
I've been going to the regal nails on boulder highway as my go-to spot near home, but because I was in the area we decided to come here.
They were quick and fast.
No hassle at all.
Reasonable prices.
And they did a great job on my gel white tip acrylics and pedicure.
Felt like I was given a princess treatment!
They were really talkative and all of the workers had a smile on their face.
Enjoyable company.
Asked me questions.
We talked and laughed.
Made time go by so much faster.
It is in a Walmart so I bet it can get pretty busy at times.

