my husband had a spa finder gift certificate and went here.
it was clean, people were friendly and professional.
the massage he got was from Cherise and she was phenomenal.

well my husband got a haircut from linda for $10 and they are running a special for massages, 4 massages for $144 so thats $36 dollars per massage and you can use them for hubby and friends.
great deal!!!

I bought some extensions today and one of the stylist gave me a lesson on how to put the extensions in...or was supposed to.
It was extremely uncomfortable because there was another stylist constantly looking over her shoulder.
It took forever to place the clip in extensions.
Finally they trimmed them up for me and let hair fall all over me because no one thought to offer me an apron until stylist number 2 was halfway finished trimming the extensions.
Sales guy made it seem the extensions came with a free lesson on how to clip them in.
I was surprised when I was walked up to the counter and told I owe them $65.
I guess the heartbreaking thing is I could have gone to Arcs (my go to salon) and have them perform the same services for less and in a more professional manner.
I'll never go back.
Especially after they trimmed the front of my real hair and  totally ruined my cut.

Natalie did my hair for my wedding- she did an AMAZING JOB.
While the service by the hostesses at the front was somewhat lacking- my stylist Natalie made up for it.
The hostesses kept calling back to let my stylist know her next appointment was there.
But I was early.
They complained when she didn't imediately answer the call.
I was thinking she was probably shampooing someone's hair or something.
They repeated the same procedure for 3 additional appointments that showed up after me.
They complained to each other- where is everybody?
I wondered why they didn't just walk back to the stylists chair instead of calling over and over and complaining in front of customers.
Not suprisingly, my stylist Natalie appeared at the front right on the hour of my appointment-right on time.
Natalie had been recommeded to me by my stylist in Los Angeles.
She had never done my hair, but understood exactly what I wanted and my hair was PERFECT for my wedding.
SO SO Salon- but 5 star stylist!!!!

Im not fond of Vegas (lots of bad luck here), but one of the reasons Im really sad to leave is I have met the best hair stylist I have ever had (besides my mommy).
And as an African-American chick living in Henderson, it was also hard to find someone to deal with my mess of hair.
I was referred to Gladys by a co-worker when I first moved here last year.
I dont trust anyone with my hair.
She helped my figure out what works for my hair.
She's such a sweet woman who knows what she's doing.
I always get a relaxer, trim and flat iron on my crazy, thick hair.
I have NEVER left Glady's chair hating my hair.
I wish I can put her in my suitcase and take her with me :_( Everyone else in the salon is really nice, but I cant speak on any of the other services.
Sorry.

Excellent hair dresser by the name of yogi definitely would do a great job with color on your hair.

I went to this place for a men's haircut after I couldn't get an appt at Ritual (basically next door).
I probably should have been going here all along.
The salon area isn't decorated as nicely as ritual but the haircut was great, the shampoo/massage was great and the price was 25% less than Ritual.
I only really knock it for the decor being a step below their competition.
Otherwise I was a big fan.

I had purchased a package plan on Groupon for a 60 minute Swedish massage, 55 minute facial, manicure, and pedicure.
I had a mixed experience from beginning to end.
The front desk attendant that greeted me was friendly and made small talk as I was walking to the waiting area.
She was professional and warm, addressing me by name, which gave me the impression that this was going to be an amazing experience.
The massage was first on today's agenda.
My masseuse came storming in to the waiting area frazzled and in street clothes.
Makes me think she was running a little late.
I was quickly ushered into the room to get ready.
Once we were settled, she was straight to the point and got the job done.
I appreciated her asking about my preference in pressure.
I asked for as much as she could provide.
She complied and worked wonders.
I did not come out as sore as a deep tissue, but enough to have me dozing off in bliss.
Within five minutes of finishing the massage, the esthetician came to retrieve me.
For some reason, I felt like I was impeding on her time.
Once I was in, she was rushing through prep which created quite a bit of noise.
Normally, these experience should lull you into a state of calm, but I was on edge most of the time.
She could sense it when giving me an arm massage because I was locking up.
She became more friendly from then on.
I finished my trip to the spa off on a wonderful note.
Phyllis is a true delight.
My friends manicurist and her were a hoot to talk to.
They worked quickly without the feeling of being rushed out.
Nothing was off limits.
By the end I came out really enjoying my experience and have a few suggestions on where to go get some soul food.
WIN!

I typically don't write bad reviews, but my experience really left a bad taste.
I visited this spa thanks to a Groupon deal, purchasing a dual service coupon.
I chose the hour massage & hour facial.
Checking in seemed ok.
The massage therapist they scheduled me with was on his first day and they gave him a room that looked like their backup massage room they use for storage.
My therapist had to hunt down an alarm clock beforehand to play a local radio station because he felt bad the room had no music & silence isn't relaxing.
And there was a floor fan blowing through my session, too.
He wasn't bad, but I was very disappointed with the salon's ambience, I felt like I got the leftovers.
After my massage, I was directed to the esthetician for my facial.
She decided not to have me change into a terry robe, insisting I'll just get hot during the session since steam is used.
(strange, since I've never had a facial where you didn't change so that they had adequate access to your face, neck & shoulders).
Alas, she proceeded with the session, talking the entire time.
I have adult acne & have struggled with it since I was 10, but I have controlled it to the best of my ability without monthly facials.
She proceeded to list theories to my skin condition ranging from I'm not treating it (I advised her what she's seeing is due to a treatment regimen) to I eat a lot of dairy foods (I advised I'm lactose intolerant) and finally resting on the theory that I just need to start seeing her regularly or my face will not improve.
She also seemed miffed I wouldn't let her perform extractions (pop a zit wrong, and I'm permanently scarred...from experience, I have my reasons).
She laid the the mask on my face & left the room for 10-15 mins.
No arm/shoulder massage.
And she tried to sell me their $50 cleaners & toners.
Have a nice day!
I tipped them both 20%, but honestly I've had better service at the local student massage/beauty schools, and at significantly better pricing, too.
Thank goodness I didn't pay their full menu prices, I would've been furious.

I wasn't too impressed with Canyon Falls.
I originally booked a facial and massage and then later was called back by Canyon Falls needing to reschedule me to a later time.
I couldn't do the later time so I only did the massage.
I arrived about 15 minutes early, but Canyon Falls was running behind and I wasn't seen until about 25 minutes after my scheduled time.
To be honest, the massage was one of the worst I have ever had.
It was suppose to be a Swedish massage, but it was far from it.
The room was freezing cold and the light sheet was hardly enough to keep warm under.
The massage was cut short by about 10 minutes.
Even though I was cold and did not fully enjoy the massage, I found it odd to have the massage cut short like that.
Seriously, it was one of the oddest spa experiences I have had.

I love this place everyone is so friendly and Gladys is even more amazing.
Im never going anywhere else as long as Gladys is there :)

Very rude, unprofessional,

I purchased the Groupon deal with the massage, facial, manicure & pedicure.
The spa / salon is not as relaxing and lush as many others I've been to, but it was comfortable.
My review of the whole experience is mixed and I'm not sure worth a second visit -- maybe for a massage .
My massage therapist did a great job -- her name was Anastasia -- pressure was perfect, she was extremely professional, did not say too much (which is how I like it!
), but really targeted the areas I asked her to focus on.
I was a little nervous as she is not my usual therapist, but I was definitely pleasantly surprised!
My facial was ho-hum.
I've had better .
the esthetician was ok, nothing worth writing about and nothing extremely negative.
Other than I did get a lecture on the way I care for my face, but that's fine.
It works for me.
Now, the mani / pedi -- that I would not return for, whether free or discounted!
Their pedi room has two, VERY LOUD chairs that do not massage correctly.
The tech I had (I'd rather not mention names), does not use clippers, but filed my nails to where SHE thought they should be.
She was very chatty almost like I was being interviewed however, I do these types of things to relax.
The polish looks fine, but I didn't get the usual leg massage and really, could've gotten so much more at my neighborhood, strip mall, nail joint.
The gel manicure -- whew -- AVOID at all costs.
I upgraded mine to a gel mani which I learned they had been doing for A WEEK at this salon.
They are "still trying out different ways" to see what works best.
Their gel selection is literally 15 colors and they hide their polishes in a cardboard box because they "have feet" as I was told.
Which is why the color I picked out first was missing.
:p  My tech was EXTREMELY slow, did the thumbs separate which I've never heard of and my two hands are different shades of the color I selected!!
The UV heater only allows for one hand at a time because the bigger ones "are $300-400 and the salon would never buy those!
" .
it took a painful 2 hrs for a gel manicure.
And my nails weren't clipped nor were my cuticles trimmed.
Though I did get some filing done!
I am planning to have them redone by my usual tech!!
What a disaster.
Sorry this is so long -- I truly wanted this to be a great experience or I would've never purchased the Groupon.
Not the case .
aside from my massage -- I did enjoy that!

First of all let me start by saying I spent 900$ on an extension application done by Andrea and I feel it was a complete robbery and the salon did not stand behind their stylist and even try to fix it or mend our clearly broken relationship after spending 900$.
They made me feel as if 900$ was insignificant and my buisness and satisfaction meant nothing to them.
First of all the hair was over priced.
It comes from the hair shop in LA which you can order directly for almost 60$ cheaper per package along with free shipping, even overnight which of course they do not disclose to you.
The hair was keratip, and applied very very poorly.
There was about a half inch left between my scalp and the newly applied extensions, comparable to a month of growing out from past applications.
There was absolutely no order or technique, they were just placed sporadically including in my hair line which if you have ever worn extensions before you know it should be about two fingers away from your hairline all the way around to avoid seeing the bonds as well as extreme discomfort, breakage, and sores from the extremely tender area.
The hair was attached to pieces of my own hair too insignificant to carry the weight of the artificial hair and I lost somewhere between 10-15 bonds within two days with all my hair attatched to it.
These are mistakes someone who isn't trained in hair extensions would make, however Andrea not only claims to have been doing this for 15 plus years, she teaches the master extension stylist certification class to future extension stylist.
I don't even understand why she has a job at all.
I find it hard to believe she has not had other complaints because upon my first return to remove the bonds out of my hairline I saw a stylist named Jessica who was extremely pleasant and seemed much more skilled at this particular aspect of her job then Andrea informed me that she fixes a lot of Andreas messes and doesn't understand why she isn't given the client in the first place so it could be done right the first time.
She removed many uncomfortable bonds and apologized.
I went home, but it didn't stop all the breakage from the pieces that were attatched to insignificant amounts of hair.
Three days later I removed all the hair to prevent further damage to my natural hair which will take years to grow out from the scalp.
Beware!!!!!!
DO NOT GET HAIR OR EXTENSIONS done by Andrea.
Also order the hair from hairpiece.com direct from the vendor and save lots of money.
Canyon falls is a RIP OFF

This 4 star rating is for my massage therapist; Amanda.
She is excellent.
I got a groupon for a choice of a massage or facial.
A couple of months ago tried to use it, had appointment for a facial at 9am.
Got there 10 minutes before 9.
The place is nice and clean.
at 9:10 I was notified that the esthetician got a flat tire and will be there at 9:30.
Really?
I left, couldn't wait, I had to work.
Today I came back to use my coupon.
Receptionist was friendly, Amanda picked me up on time.
She asked about my concern or any problem area.
She checked on the pressure and when she needed to add more pressure on certain area, she asked first if it would o.k to do so.
She was nice but not chatty throughout the session, I really like that.
If you come for a massage, asked for her..you won't be dissapointed!
Now it's time to check out!
There were a man and a women at the reception desk (not the same person who checked me in).
The women took my groupon and processed it.
I asked for an envelope for my tip from the guy and gave it back to him.
The women told him that all o.k and now he can checked me out.
They guy was like a robot, he said "you had a 50 minutes swedish massage your total is $75" the girls told him "she was o.k, she paid with groupon" the he said "oh, sorry.
would you like to leave tip for your therapist?
" the women had to tell him again "she just did.
she gave you a cash tip".
Now they both apologized.
He was right here the whole time, he just didn't pay attention.

I had a groupon given to me for a massage/facial/mani/pedi.
It was a very well priced groupon, but cheap doesn't make up for terrible terrible unprofessional care.
My best friend and roommate is an esthetician, so I have had a lot of facials.
The esthetician here was clueless, she had no skill, I had to ask on my way out if she was licensed!
The room was freezing, her hands were freezing, she had no technique.
She left the room for like 15 minutes while the mask was on.
I would never go back here.

I had a fantastic experience.
I highly recommend CHRIS to give you a massage there.
OMG- he got all the kinks and tightness out and was one of the best experiences of my life!

This is the one any only place I go and get my extensions tighten!
Canyon Falls has multiple location but I like this one the best because its right  next door to my regular nail salon & the girl who does my hair is awesome!
I always go to JESSICA.

Came in to canyon falls for the first time, the ladies at the desk were very nice & friendly.
Best massage I received out here in Vegas, very relaxing environment.
Would definetly be back and would recommend to anyone looking for a great massage!

My favorite hairstylist is Rachel.
Whether it's hair extensions, dying it various colors, cut or styling, she can do anything.

I got a deal on groupon and made a midday appointment with Chris.
Arrived a little early and was asked to wait in waiting area.
Saw no one til 12;20... then someone asked why I was sitting waiting!
5 mins later, Chris appeared and apologized... OK fair enough, it happens.
The massage was 10 out 10.
Very good.
What I really needed.
Well done Chris.
Went to settle bill/groupon and the lady said, keep it and use it again, we are 'comping' you because of the wait!
First class customer service and great massage.
Looking forward to going back to redeem the groupon!

Went to get a facial this past Saturday (07/05).
It was my first time at this place and I had the pleasure to meet Eliane who was my Skin Care Specialist.
The last facial I had was 2 yrs ago, so you can imagine I was in dire need of one right away.
This was my first time here and Eliane was very pleasant and knowledgeable with her work.
So if you need a facial I highly recommend you make an appt with Eliane.
Great place, with great staff and I definitely will be returning to this place.

Used a Groupon while visiting Las Vegas.
I saw from other yelp reviews to ask for Chris for a massage and they were right!
He is an expert in his field.
Although I didn't mention a knee and IT band issue from running, he found it and worked it out.
His massage was almost physical therapy for my aching muscles.
His use of peppermint and tangerine oils while I was laying face down kept my sinuses from getting stuffy.
He does a wonderful, relaxing massage.
I felt rejuvenated afterward.
I will definitely visit Chris again during my next visit to Las Vegas.

This place is wonderful, and they really give Groupon buyers the star treatment.

I bought a groupon for myself and my daughter mani/pedi.
From the moment we arrived they treated us wonderful.
Very conscious of gentleness with feet and hands.
Loved it!
My husband came along and they had a room for him to sit in and relax.
Would definitely recommend them!

Bought a groupon and lucked out in getting Chris as my therapist (definitely would have requested him had I read the previous reviews sooner)!
In any case, I must say that he really is good at what he does.
The aromatherapy is a big plus too!
I will definitely be back!

My daughter had a trim and style with Camilla and she was great.
With all of her years of experience she can still make a 19 year-old girl very content.
She curled and styled her hair as well.
We did make an appointment that was messed up by front staff but I won't hold that against Camille.

I got a horrible massage here.
The therapist called me back 25 minutes late with no apology.
Then he gave me the worst massage ever and did a creepy move where he sat on the table and put my foot on his shoulder.
Heard employees complaining while I was waiting and found it to be unprofessional.
But then I also got a fabulous facial which made up for the bad massage.
East Meets West Massage now rents a room at this location and they do fabulous massages.

If I know about anything, it's hair extensions.
If you're looking for a credible recommendation for one of the best hair extension experts in Las Vegas, please read this post.
I have worn hair extension every day of my life since 1986 (27-years).
I have patroned hair extension salons in Florida, New York, Arizona, Pittsburgh, Oregon, California and Nevada.
As soon as a new method hit the market, I was game to try it.
Unfortunately, wearing extensions for 27-years did not go without risk.
In fact, at one point in time my natural hair became so damaged from bad applications and methods that I actually became one of the "harder-to-do" and "difficult" clients that some stylists silently dread working on.
After being put through the proverbial ringer, I made it my quest to locate only the most sought after extensionist.
In my quest, I only encountered 3 that qualify as "talented experts" in color-matching, extension application and precise haircut blending and able to work with my problematic hair--Sherri of Hair Technology in California; Mickey of Yost Studios in Nevada and Andrea of Canyon Falls in Henderson, Nevada.
Out of these three experts, Andrea of Canyon Falls is by far the most gifted.
When I first relocated from California to Nevada, I commuted between both states and continued to have my extensions applied at Hair Technology while I looked for an expert extensionist here in Las Vegas.
This was not an easy task.
Finding an expert extensionist in Las Vegas took me over 1-year, 11 salons and my hair was further damaged in the process.
These 11 salons include many renowned extension salons in Nevada.
I finally landed at a salon called Yost Studios with owner Mickey Yost.
Mickey is an expert in the true sense and I settled in with Yost Studios for several years.
While at Yost's, I wore 2 packs of individual stands.
This process took 5-6 hours and cost anywhere from $700 - $1000, depending on the type of hair purchased, color and cut.
This is not to say that Mickey's prices are excitedly high--my natural hair is very thin and there lies the additional time and costs.
Anyway, somewhere along the line I got trapped in "black hair" and desperately wanted to return to a more subtle shade of brown.
Mickey was worried about lightening my hair and said I would be taking a big risk because my hair was so frail.
So I set out to find a master colorist who was also a superior extensionist.
I recalled meeting Adam of Canyon Falls.
I went to Canyon Falls and asked Adam to set me up with his most experienced and most popular extensionist at which time I was introduced to Andrea.
During my free consultation I explained to Andrea how my hair got into its current bad condition; my many years of wearing hair extensions and that according to my previous "extension-guy" my hair was too frail to be colored lighter.
I further explained that I was currently wearing individual strands and required 2 full packs of hair to obtain my desired look.
Andrea listened attentively before giving her assessment.
She began with explaining her background, experience, training, philosophies and commitment to her clients all of which were very impressive.
Andrea moved on to say that she would have no problem getting me "out of the black" AND WITHOUT causing further damage to my hair.
She also claimed that she could apply the same strand-by-strand method but in half the time as my previous extensionist.
I was all prepared to plunk-down whatever amount of money it took when Andrea asked me to consider a safer and less expensive extension method.
Long story short, Andrea gained my confidence and we got started.
She restored my hair color back to brown without damaging it.
She applied the new method with lightening speed and blended the color and cut perfectly.
Really, I was amazed.
What's more, I only paid half the cost of what I use to pay for the strand-by-strand method.
All-in-all, I would have to say Andrea is a rarity.
She is not driven by how much money she can make off of her clients.
What drives Andrea is being the best at what she does.
She goes out of her way for her clients and works within their budget while not skimping on quality.
Andrea is one of the few extension experts that have "the gift" in every sense of the word.

I HIGHLY recommend Andrea Nanetashvily  for all things hair related!
I have been going to her for about 2 1/2 years now and have had extensions, color, cuts etc.
Unlike other stylists, my hair was in AMAZING shape after removing my extensions- no damage at all.
I also like my hair light blonde, which means bleach, which can be terribly damaging... Not with Andrea!
I do my part by taking care of my hair/extensions with the right products, but I have never had such healthy hair, despite bleach and extensions.
Other great things are she is fairly priced and will not rip you off (beware of a lot of extension people out there- many charge top dollar for cheap hair, substandard skills, and can damage your hair terribly) and she is very responsible...
Always on time, warm, friendly and professional.
My only complaint is that I can only give her 5 stars... She deserves 10!!!

I got a groupon as a gift for this place for one spa service so I chose to do the massage.
Called to make an appointment and they were pretty booked up which meant they were that good or they were short staffed.
Based on my experience I'm going to assume it's because they are pretty darn good.
I haven't had much experience getting massages, but I know what feels good and what doesn't.
This massage was great.
It was just the basic all over body massage which is just what I needed.
My masseuse was Kathy (I think ...
Sorry!!
) who was very friendly and had great technique.
Very professional and made me feel comfortable.
I was so relaxed that I fell asleep.
The receptionist when I walked in was nice.
She greeted me when I came in and brought me right back to the relaxation area or something like that.
A couple minutes later my masseuse came.
When I was checking out the girls in the front weren't as welcoming.
I felt a little awkward, but other than that it was an overall good experience.

HORRIBLE customer service!
I called to make an appointment and was told by the manager (Cherice) at the first number I called that they would honor my groupon for 2 different people (my husband and myself) to get massages, instead of buying another groupon.
She couldn't fit me in though, so I was told to call another location.
The other location didn't have any availability either, but she told me their third location would definitely.
I called them (702-570-6587) and told her what the manager had told me about honoring the groupon.
She told me she would call and check.
She called back and told me the manager NEVER said that, and that they wouldn't honor my groupon.
I called the manager back, and she verified what she had told me, and told me that she hadn't spoken with anyone about it.
I called Lauren back, and she verified that Cherice is the one she spoke to.
I WILL not ever use this salon.
They call customers liars and can't get their story straight.
Horrible customer service.
EDIT 9/6/13 - the manager did respond to my review, and has apologized, but I still stand behind my review.
Lauren may not have use the word 'liar', but she did insinuate that I was lying, and flat out lied to me twice.

This review is only in regards to the store portion as I haven't had my hair professional styled or treated here.
I have been doing extensions on myself as well as others for 5 years so I have a fair bit of knowledge of hair quality and proper treatment.
That being said I have bought hair three times from here twice clips and once track.
All three times the hair has been ruined within 2 months.
It's all claiming to be remi, but this shouldn't be happening.
The last time I was in I needed last min clips for a wedding but at the rate they charge I expected a good amount of use after as well.
I told the girl how bad the last set was when she tried to sell me the first brand so she directed me to a pricier pack...I was hesitant being the first set hardly held up a month but she discounted it so I tried...I'm two months in and again!
It's tangling and breaking.
I won't be returning for any other packs nor trying the salon if this is the quality it represents.

I hate to leave bad reviews but after my experience at Canyon Falls, I feel the need to.
I was beyond excited to have my hair colored and new extensions put in.
Almost 1000 dollars later, I left the salon satisfied.
I washed my hair and the color seemed orange.
I decided to call, and they fixed it no problem.
Great.
But now, there was another issue.
Since the second day I left the salon I had been loosing beads from my extensions and within a month the hair was tangled and felt old.
I know it's not normal and finally I had enough.
I was told to go and talk to Mary, who was extremely rude to me told me it was my fault, and to either buy new hair or there's nothing she can do.
I demanded to see a manager who once again pointed fingers at me, but eventually agreed for 40$ they could deep condition and put my extensions back in with another stylist.
To make a long story short, my extensions are fine now, still a little tangly.
But it's funny how it was my fault, even though now I'm not loosing any beads.
I've never had this many issues at a hair salon and doubt I'll go back.
At least they were willing to fix the problem but I feel like the customer service and issues were to much to overlook.

This review is for the store not the salon/spa area.
I purchased extensions for my wedding day to add volume not length as my hair was already longer than the options provided.
I paid $205 for clip in extensions the gentleman who helped answer my questions and chose the correct color and length for me.
I don't know if I will use them again but everyone thought it was my hair and it felt just like my hair too.
I wanted a blow out the following day but couldn't make it to my appt hopefully I can as the search is still on for a decent blow out in Las Vegas.

went for a man-pedi plus a facial .
The mani-pedi was pretty great , and my facial was just as nice, so I would definitely return.
My friends did the groupon with me for my birthday and I was so worried we would be treated differently than the full paying clients.
My only complaint is that the pedicure area only fits two people at a time.

I recently got my hair done a subtle balayage/ombré by Jo (Joanna) who is renting a private room at the salon.. Annnndddd she's basically the best ever to put it simply.
She was very understanding of what I wanted, and was very complying because I decided that I couldn't decide what I wanted.
She was patient with me, and she took her time with my hair which really meant a lot to me.
She wasn't jumping between clients and making me wait at any time, she spent her time on me and made sure I was happy with the results.
You can ask for her specifically at the front desk or you can find her on Facebook, Killer Locks by Joe!
Id recommend her to anyone for any hair necessity.. Oh!
And her music choice was amazing, to put the cherry on top!

If I can give 0 stars I would.
The staff in the extension portion is beyond rude and I'll buy hair from Nicole extensions on Maryland parkway from now on.
Unreal.
Apparently I am not the first person with this problem.
Oh and it's not the lake mead location.
They are great.
It's the eastern location that sucks.

