After I dropped my son off at school, I went to Walmart to drop my car off for an oil change.
Shortly after turning in the keys, my friend met me there and we drove off to Dennys to eat breakfast.
They have the $2, $4, $6, and $8 deals.
We couldn't resist because you pay little, but get a lot for you are paying.
She ordered off of the $4 menu and ordered the Everyday Value Slam which consists of two buttermilk pancakes, two eggs cooked to order and two bacon strips or two sausage links.
I ordered the $8 Grand Slam Slugger which consists of two buttermilk pancakes, two eggs, two bacon strips and two sausage links.
Served with your choice of hash browns, bread or grits.
Includes coffee and juice.
The food was good and delicious.
The waitress that served us was also on top of everything making sure that my friends water and my coffee with orange juice were constantly topped up until we said no more.
Denny's is a great place to eat breakfast.

Went today around 8am and it was pretty busy.
There was one server and one cook for 20 people or so.
I don't blame the server for being slow, but they need to staff appropriately and the food was horrible.
Cold pancakes, inedible egg whites and decent hash browns.
Avoid this place!

I am rating this based off other Denny's I have been to in my lifetime :).
First of all it's a Denny's, perfect for late night breakfast cravings, random fried food and in our case a late night brownie a la mode.
I always am so surprised at how cheap Denny's is.
The service was good but it was a Tuesday night at 2am with only 2 other booths filled.
The waitress even let us substitute our hot fudge for caramel at no extra cost.
Don't expect to be blown away by the food, but expect to meet your inner fat kid's craving.

Wow its been forever since I've last been to a Dennys.
Our last visit ended at Wildfire Casino, and the manager was being really rude and in the end we got kicked out!
:x ... We decided to go to this Denny's because 1) it was late and not many other places served breakfast food 2)tired of going to our usual places to eat.
Anyways this place's rating is solely based on the food.
We ordered from the $2, $4, $6, $8 menu: $2 Biscuits w/ gravy and hash browns, $4 all you can eat pancakes, $4 Fried cheese melt w/fries, and $7.99 Philly Swiss steak omelette.
A lot of food for two people huh?
LOL well I wanted to try a variety of things and we were starrrvvvingggg.
I gotta say, the food would've been more enjoyable it the ac wasnt literally at 65 degrees and blowing right down at us.
Our hash brown and food turn cold within minutes.
So we found ourselves eating cold gravy, cold eggs, pancakes were okay, fries were cold, etc.
Hmmm aside from the cold temp, I think the food would've still be mediocre.
Our server was awesome though.
It was a slow night for her so she was very attentive and had a cool conservation about public transport transits!
If you are a fan of diner food this is the place to go and the food is fairly price.
Only thing, MAKE SURE YOU SIT IN A NON VENTILATED AREA so at least your not covered in goosebumps and chills LOL.

Time for Breakfast :).
For some reason i never really like Denny's but my BF insist on having breakfast here because when we ate @ Denny's California he love it me thinking it would be the same but i guess NOT (atmosphere probably different ) hehe!

Went to this Denny's after work at 2am.
The server was amazing but the surroundings wasn't.
Food was good.

I don't know where to start... from the horrific service, the grease-laden healthy egg white omelet  or the filthy table.
This has to be one of the worst eating experiences I've had in Vegas...I will not even attempt to refer to it as dining.
The server was dirty, dumb and overly polite to compensate for his service short comings.
The food listed as a healthy choice is anything but healthy.
I ordered the egg white omelet that was so grease-laden I couldn't taste anything but dirty grease; the omelet was brown instead of what you anticipate an egg white omelet should look like.
The coffee was cold, the french fries were cold, we had to ask several times for utensils, and when we received them we just asked for the check.
We also noticed the 'manager' was in the kitchen expediting the orders..that is never a good sign and when we asked to speak with him, he made eye contact and seated other unknowing patrons, never returning to speak with us.
Do yourself a favor and go down the street and eat a Coco's.

Ok so here is the deal, I will try almost any place that has a loyalty program and that sends me coupons (Yes, Restauranteurs that is an open invitation to send me coupons).
That being said it is standard diner food, with several creative additions (Red Velvet Pancake Puppies).
The place is clean and quiet.
So if you are not looking for anything fancy, stop by give it a try.
Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!

I don't have much to add except that it's a Denny's!
It's America's Diner!
It's always open (and of course it's greasy and not super clean, it's Denny's for crying out loud).
Great place to go if you have a hankerin' for a greasy burger or a big 'ol fatty breakfast!
Love their whole wheat pancakes (ask for sugar free syrup on the side).
I love my bacon super crispy and the cooks here know how to deliver.

Service is excellent

I don't care what people say.
Denny's is awesome.
Sat down at 9am, ordered my food, and had the food by 9:07am.
Everyone was working together.
One lady took my order and when she was busy another lady brought the food to my table.
ridiculously fast service.
The waitress checked up on every 5 min to make sure I was OK. Had the lumberjack slam.
Everything was great, but the pancakes were a little undercooked.
All in all, this Denny's location gets a solid rating.

Great at all hours especially when you are hungry at midnight !!

Full like always and good food,

Very nice for a busy Saturday morning.
Build your own Grand slam for $6.49 is hard to beat for the portions you get.
I had 2 eggs over med, bacon, hash browns and very nice fresh pancakes.
Server was very helpful.
Service A- Food B+.
Will be back.

Came for breakfast around 8am on a Sunday.
Not very busy but the waiter was very attentive to our needs.
We ordered breakfast burrito with hash browns and toast, and sausage griddle platter that came with sausage links, 2 eggs, 2 pancakes and hashbrowns with two drinks was under 15.00!!
Was very good and filling.
The restaurant was clean and fast.

Woke up with a huge appetite and the $2/4/6/8 menu did the job.
$2 for biscuits n gravy with crispy hash browns satisfied my need for some carbs.
Very large portion for 2 bucks.
Try to beat that at Micky D's.
Dennys coffee is AAAA+ too.

I never thought that I would be reviewing Denny's but why not.
IF you're not looking for the local flavor and you're ok with a chain...there is no better place to go for a good, inexpensive breakfast.
They have delicious pancakes.
They make eggs just the way that you order them.
They have great choices if you're watching your calories.
AND...they are the only place that I know of that serve grits.
The grits are not too soupy either.
The service at this Denny's is fast and the servers are attentive and professional.
Definitely worth a visit when all of the local restaurants are too crowded with long wait lines.

Came here late night to try something simple with my boyfriend ,  place was empty.
Half of the tables still had the dirty plates.
The cooks were screaming in Spanish , the manger was screaming something about bacon very unprofessional.
Our meal wasn't the best the eggs were horrible!!!!
When  I told our server " Leslie"   she was very rude about it .
Never coming back here again!
Sticking to iHop !

UUGGHHH!
$2.25 for coffee?
I should have gone to starbucks.
I needed a table to fill out some paperwork and I did not want to sit in the car (but I should have).. My waitress was very nice, but this place is uh, dirty..
The blinds look like they have not been cleaned in FOREVER!!
If I were eating there (never) I would have been more than a little freaked out.
Yes it is a chain, so no points there, it is the same as the last time I had the misfortune of being in a Dennys...

Got off of work at 4:30 am placed my order for take out,got there around 4:40.got the same waiter I got last week,nice guy I might say.i think his name was sabino,very friendly guy.greeted me as soon as I stepped into dennys,he recognized me I guess.he had my chicken fajita/season fries I ordered ready on the table,still fresh from the grill.total came out to $11.87 not bad for the amount of food I got,plus awesome company.i guess it was slow at this time,so sabrino came by to chit chat and see if I needed anything.anyways guess I found my new breakfast joint.

Its Danny so we can expect much.
My 7 year old daughter keeps seeing the commercial on Disney so she wanted to try it.
When we left she said "we dont need to go back there again!
We tried it and it's not our cup of tea" her pizza was cold and  no flavor.
So she tried pancakes and said that they were okay

This fat mexican chick didn't take our orders.
We tried to get her attention but she still ignored us.
We waited for an hour before we left.
Bad service if you get the FAT mexican chick.

