I do not recommend this school.
Arriving at this school is like arriving at a prison.
You would think after paying such a high tuition price one would at least be treated with respect and dignity.
However, that is not the case here.
They don't greet you, you greet them.
You don't even get a return smile or hello or goodbye.
My son has been here for a year now.
It's not a one day's thing, it is everyday.
The front office staff particularly, Linda is always demeaning with her responses and looks, her attitude express she is so much better then you.
They are only there because their children are enrolled at Challenger and they receive a discounted tuition price.
They are unapproachable and not there to help you.
If Challenger teaches manners, how come they don't teach their front staff?
Did they even receive an education at all?
It seems like the front staff does not even have the bare basics down.
How are they suppose to educate our kids?

My boys have been going to Challenger for the last 2 years.
They are twins and have just completed the 4s preschool class.
My husband and I just love what they have learned at Challenger.
I toured so many preschools before I chose Challenger and I am so happy we settled on it.
The other preschools seemed much more like a daycare center...or just so unorganized I couldn't see how the children were learning.
Challenger is a real school and we have seen real results in what they are learning...and they love to learn.
I would recommend this school to anyone.

I love this school.
My son is currently in one of the 3's preschool classes and he loves it.
He's halfway through the school year and the progress he's made has been amazing.
Every so often, his class gets to do special things- in September, they learned about the old west and got to dress up like cowboys.
For Halloween, they got to wear their costumes and gave their first singing performance.
For thanksgiving, each student was to bring some food (bananas, apples, etc.
) and they had a big thanksgiving feast together.
For Christmas, they did another song performance and got to meet Santa.
Now in January, they're learning about other cultures and will get to dress up like people from other countries.
They make learning fun, but they also produce incredible results.

unfortunately Los Prodos has to get one star due to google rating systems.
I had my oldest son go to this school and under the ownership of the original owner who passed away it was managed well but since than we had our second son attend the school and weak management and poor teachers took over what was once a good pre-school.
It's now a over hyped / over priced pre-school where the administration doesn't care and the teachers are sub prime.
The hoopla of fancy drive up lines and fake smiles cover up the real TRUTH...STAY AWAY!

For the serene location It's my son first day for summer school  The front desk person are rude and not their to help you just a selfish person I hope things will change because if those front desk people are demeaning with their responses and looks I might have to pull out my son from that school Why pay that much tuition if you get treated like nobody and luck of respect Luck of information They are just their to get your money with no respect to the parents Hope they are being nice to the kids

