My husband and I went there...not planning to buy anything.
We walked out of there with a couple wonderful items.
The customer service was first rate.
I would go back again and recommend to my friends.

Fossil has moved outside of the old building and is now situated in one of the new street front outlets.
When they have sales it can be ridiculous.
My sister dragged me her because she found a purse that she absolutely loved and was pushing for it to be a birthday gift.
I came with intending to buy it for her and leaving right away.
Instead I was rummaging through the sales and clearance items.
The staff are quick to approach patrons and offer any assistance.
This threw me for a loop because within a fifteen foot stretch I was greeted by four different sales associates.
When I went to the register, I was asked if someone helped me find my items and I was so overwhelmed that I said no.
That might have been a bad move because she looked miffed afterwards.
I should have said ALL of them because it would not have been a lie.

The old store was rather pathetic looking.
However, ever since moving towards the front, the store is now gorgeous and ever more enticing - dangerous for my wallet.
The staff are incredibly friendly - almost painfully so.
Within a few feet, you will get barraged by at least three sales associate asking if you're doing alright.
But the sales...those monstrosities are dangerous.
Usually they have a 50% off handbags deal or an additional discount off clearance.
Great savings, but sad day for my debit card.

So excited they made a flagship store here!
I always find something here whether it be clothes, jewelry or of course purses.
I have several fossil purses & wallets & the leather is top notch.
Lasts forever.
I always get compliments on my Fifty Four purse.
I love this store!

This is a fantastic store!
I went here on my last visit in Vegas and had such a great experience in the store.
I was helped my Lauren who was so attentive and friendly.
I really appreciated her being helpful but not pushy.
The store has great variety of merchandise and is totally reasonable with their Sale pricing.
I cannot wait to go back!

My general experience with factory stores has not been a positive one, as it doesn't usually feel like the shops are offering very good deals.
I couldn't resisting checking out the Fossil Store, though, especially since this is only the second Fossil store I've seen with CLOTHES!
Eeeee!
I thought I was going to hyperventilate when I walked in, and I knew immediately that my bank account was in trouble.
I was right.
There were some items that really weren't discounted at all, but certain "categories" were an additional 25-50% off.
I scored some pretty good deals and walked away a poorer, but happy girl.
This one is going on my "must visit" list for Vegas!

This store is filled with glorious finds from wall to wall.
I love that they always have some sort of spectacular sale going on that really makes you ponder whether or not you really HAVE to pay your rent this week :D

