What a surprise THIS place turned out to be!
My friend Brion and I were meeting for breakfast, and since he's from Vegas, he was picking.
Well, the place HE picked wasn't open at 5am (which was when we were meeting) so I suggested the Kopper Keg because it was almost right across the street from where I'd just made a delivery, and it looked "Open".
I parked my truck around back (lots of parking at 5am!
) and he parked right in front of the door.
Perfect.
Very quickly we were greeted my Sarah, a happy, friendly, and quick to laugh young lady who actually seemed to like her job.
We got menus and made our selections.
I opted for the Corned Beef Hash with eggs and toast.
Oh, and country fries with it as well.
Not sure what Brion ordered, but it was BIG, and he wolfed it all down.
When my selection came, it was PERFECT!
The hash was crispy through and through (just as I'd ordered), and my fries were also well crisped - as I ordered.
I'm liking this place already!
This is a classy looking sports bar.
There's TV's everywhere, so no matter where you sit you can see several.
Each one has something else showing (football, tennis, golf, auto racing, baseball - you name it).
I wish I lived near a place like this.
I'd go broke hanging out there.
It looks like it's a lot of fun in the evenings when the place is packed.
But for our casual, intimate breakfast it was fine.
We had a few years of tales to catch up on.
Sarah made her presence known just often enough to refill coffee cups and water glasses.
The menu looks fairly well represented by all sorts of options.
I think if you can't find something here to eat, you should just quit eating...

THe bartenders are amazing.
But this place is a bit old.

Although clearly visible from Eastern, the actual "Torino" address doesn't help those who are skimming addresses for restaurants looking for a common street name for bearings.
Further,  not many folks from a local area memorize zip codes.
Too bad they couldn't get an Eastern address since they are behind a gas station.
More to the point, food is fairly good.
They have a bar and separate restaurant area with its own entrance.
The bar food was typical.
Not bad but typical.
The restauant breakfast was quite tasty for the price.
Good portion.
Service was good at both the bar and restaurant.
Have been back many times.

The hunt for darts lead us here.
Not many places carry a dart board for some reason.
It is a disappointment.
I know throwing sharp objects while drunk does not sound like a safe idea.
That's okay, give me an electronic one with plastic tipped darts.
Just give me something.
Now that we have found a place to play, the drinks kept us here.
A pint of beer is reasonable at $6.
The mix drinks are better at $5.
So a tab for four with food does not break the wallet.
If Cinnamon is working the bar area, you are in for a fun night.
Her style of humor is awesome.

cool place

So I frequent this bar and I have to say the employees are some of the best I have ever encountered in a bar atmosphere.
Big shout out to Shannon especially, she totally took care of us tonight!
I also have to show love for Richard he is one of my faves!!
Love you guys!
Xoxo

Yeah.
When I told you we were OK with our drinks, I didn't think I would have to text your personal cell phone to get your attention because that's where most of your attention was focused.
We sat for over 15 minutes without drinks because when we hailed you down, your response was "Oh, you guys are staying?
"  Gee, I thought service ended when we left the bar.
I guess not.
If you have a Sunday afternoon free,  choose a place that actually values locals and does more than comp 1 drink max.
The food is good and the venue is great for sports, but at $6 a beer, WHEN YOU CAN GET ONE, I would skip Kopper Keg.
And let me say, this is the 3rd and last try.
Even at different shifts, the service remains extremely poor.

