Yelp has this location as 'Closed'....it's not.
I was there today and had a 12" BMT Sandwich on Italian Herbs & Cheese Bread ($6.00).
The Sandwich was made fresh and tasted very good.
I'm a big fan of Subway and enjoy coming to this location.
Will I return?
You bet I will.

Standard Subway but the ladies there were extremely nice, which is just great, esp in fast food :) Trans-Friendly B+ sure thing

Listen, you've all seen the "Eat Fresh" sandwich commercials they have on tv all the time.
So you already know what you're getting, pretty much.
Except this Subway packs a mega surprise once you get in there: it has a Winchell's Donuts inside!
Yeah!
It kinda sucks because I go in there all thinking I'm going to get a lean turkey breast on wheat sandwich, then I see some delicious jelly-filled donuts...  Three donuts and a cup of coffee later...
I digress.
When I go in the morning, I get the $3 combo: you get a cup of coffee and a 6" flatbread meal.
It's a really good deal.
The sandwich is really quite filling, and the coffee is not at all bad... maybe even better than then Starbucks' that's two doors down.
When I go in there for lunch, I try to get the turkey breast on wheat.
It's one of the healthiest things there, and it's actually quite good.
It's good enough that I would eat it even if I were not into a health thing.
Sometimes this place gets kinda packed for lunch, which is kinda lame because I only have a 30-min meal.
Even when it's super packed, though, I can usually get in and out in less than 8 minutes.

UPDATE: They have a Winchell's Donuts in here, so this morning I decided to drop by for a bear claw and a coffee.
They were both good, but $4 for that?!
That's what I pay at Starbucks for coffee and a scone!
I feel Winchell's should be cheaper.

Close to home, pretty fresh, the donuts however are a total tease :( but they're delicious too!
I will say, they shouldn't advertise for avacados when they really just have some pre-made guacamole'...and an attitude when you ask for it.

Dirty, workers can be found speaking Spanish to each other while customers are ordering or dining in, very unprofessional.
Not very fast service,and they rush you.
I'd rather go a few miles down the street to a different one then this one.

The people that work here are idiots!
I ordered 5 footlong subs and they couldn't get any of them right despite me standing over them directing them.
And yes, this Subway is cheap, cheap, cheap on the toppings!!

I go there at least once a week everything that I ask for is done overall great sandwiches and I recommend going there for subway !

I wanted to try a Winchell's while I was in the area, and figured I would hit this location before heading out on US 95 to Death Valley.
Thought I would try a breakfast sandwich and a donut.
As it turns out, this is a Winchell's/Subway combo, so this Winchell's didn't carry breakfast sandwiches, just the donuts, I guess because Subway already has their gross breakfast sandwiches.
Boo Subway, so I just got an apple donut (which was decent) before having to go elsewhere for more breakfast.

Nestled in a nice food court along with Tropical Smoothy, Sabatinos Pizzeria, Gyro Time and Cracked Egg the location is great.
The outdoor patio is perfect for a Sunday morning breakfast.
The food is as it is in any other Subway so not much to report there.
This Subway has a Winchells Donuts attached to so it has the best of both worlds.
The customer service is what you would expect from Subway.
Not sure if that's good or bad.
The place is clean and bright and well stocked.

