enjoyed moo goo gai pan with extra chicken and steamed rice!
Veggies fresh and crispy and chicken goist and tender.
Will return in Sept 2010.

For quick and cheap Chinese food, this isn't a bad option.
A close friend of mine grew up in a household that owned several Chinese restaurants (which is funny because she is Taiwanese), so if she says this is authentic, I will take her word for it.
Food: I've only gone for the lunch special- very cheap and quite good.
I usually get the Lemon Chicken special- You get soup, an egg roll, entree and rice for $5.95, much cheaper than places like Panda.
I love their Egg Drop soup.
I have always been a fan of Egg Drop but I love theirs the most- It's not to thick or goopy, they use the right amount of corn starch in my opinion, and they actually add seasoning flavors, so it's not just the bland chicken stock, thickener and egg.
A little soy sauce and pepper on this and I am golden!
The Lemon Chicken was good too- Not too sweet, tangy and plenty of the lemon sauce on the side to spoon onto my rice for a little flavor kick!
Price: Did I mention they are cheap?
You cant even get a combo at McDonalds for this meager pittance any more!
Great portions for the cost, and the service is fast.
All in all, if you're looking for some place quick, affordable and Chinese, this is a good one to keep in your pocket.
Great.. now I'm craving Egg Drop soup.. *grumble grumble*

Look, I'm not saying search this place out.
I'm not saying "THIS IS THE BEST CHINESE FOOD IN THE WORLD!!!!!
"  No no no.
I'm saying that if you live in this area, this is the best take out Chinese around.
If you want a delicious take out meal delivered to your house, or you want to pick it up, go here.
I've been to a couple of the other take out joints in the area and they stink.
No really they actually smell.
This place is good, has a variety of food, and is decently priced.
Don't believe these cranky reviews from people about how horrendous there hot and sour soup is.
This is good take out.
Don't leave the strip for it, don't drive from Henderson for it, but if you are in the area HIT IT UP!!!

Not bad at all.
No, it's not OMG it's amazing chinese food, but it's pretty solid.
Lunch specials are cheap cheap cheap, and when you ask for something to made spicy, they actually make it spicy.
The salad they serve is simple, but made very tasty with the dressing they use.
The egg drop soup has corn in it, which adds a nice touch.
Oh, and the Mongolian beef is made spicy instead of sweet, oddly enough.

We are finally starting to get to know our Vegas neighborhood, so we decided on this trip to only choose to eat in our area.
Since we were feeling Chinese, we stopped in here.
SO GLAD we did.
The food is really good.
You can taste the fresh in every bite.
Veggies are crispy, sauces are so tasty and the know how to cook shrimp.
I LOVE when shrimp is not over cooked.
We ordered the Schzechuan Shrimp and it was delicious.
The Pepper Beef, delicious lot's of beef and loaded with crunchy bell peppers.
The house fried rice is really good.
We didn't care for the twice cooked pork, I found the pork chewy and not very tasty.
Their eggrolls were on point as were their cream cheese wontons.
AND THEY DELIVER.. : )

We have tried a number of Oriental restaurants and are usually disappointed but their Lemon Chicken was very good.
So was the Kung     Pau (sp.
)  chicken.
We have eaten there a lot and the food and service is always good.
Great neighborhood place to eat with reasonable prices.

Dining at a Chinese restaurant while visiting my grandma has become a bit of a tradition.
Usually it is a place near her house in California when I visit.
Yesterday though, my grandma was in Vegas and I took her to a place near my home.
Cook On Wok.
This is a place I had been to one other time and enjoyed then.
My grandma and I enjoyed it yesterday.
For $5.25 you get a cup of soup, a salad or egg roll, the entree and rice.
It is good food and a good price considering it is a small sit-down restaurant.
I ordered Orange Flavored Beef.
It was very saucy with a strong citrus and spice taste to it.
I believe I detected cinnamon.
Orange and cinnamon is a good combo.
There was also some candied orange peel in the dish.
Very good.
My Grandma ordered Beef Pepper Steak.
This was tender beef with a good gravy and flash cooked bell pepper and onion.
The vegetables were still crisp.
Love it.
With our entrees and a shared pot of green tea the bill came to a very reasonable $12.85.
I plan to go back when I need a good laid-back Chinese food fix.

Greasy and bland.
I had to raid my Asian sauce collection from the pantry to drown my food in multiple sauces to produce any noticeable flavor.
I was on my way home and placed a call in order for delivery, using my credit card to pay.
Since the boyfriend was home to receive the order, this seemed like a wonderfully convenient idea, which I would later learn otherwise.
The delivery driver arrives and informs boyfriend, "No card, no food.
"  They failed to advise of this little detail that the credit card and ID must be present and offered for review at the time and location of delivery, otherwise they will give you the food.
The delivery driver took the food back to the restaurant and informed boyfriend that I would have to drive there to pick up my delivery order and show them my credit card before they would release the order.
So, I go pick up my delivery order and ask for a refund of the delivery fee.
At this time they inform me that my card was already charged at the time of the order, also at the same time they could have informed about their policy that they won't deliver the food if the card isn't on location.
They couldn't figure out how to refund the delivery fee, so in my frustration I told them not to worry about it, as I decided that we would rather eat our food while it's still luke warm, rather than completely cold.

Five stars I don't give five stars to often.
(Nope!
) But what I will say about Cook On Wok is that the owners have done their homework to have a successful business.
They get that we want and deserve excellent service hot food and great prices.
From my pictures you see first hand that I love the shrimp.
When I eat here I feel spoiled and catered to.
The staff are respectful and the place is clean.
I give them 2 thumbs up and a yey!
along with fifty billion stars.
oh and a cabbage patch dance :)

This place is good and very consistent.
We've tried a handful of dishes from there and are never disappointed.
Service is great, but we've only done takeout.
The prices are really good too!

Everything was ok.
Nothing special.
Nothing bad.

Tried this place out.
Not too bad.
Got sesame chicken and egg rolls.
One day I will find real egg rolls in this town, but this is not the place.
Sesame chicken wasn't bad, but not great.
Service was super fast and friendly.
Will go here again, but won't go out of my way to do so.

How can you go wrong.
Great lunch specials with great food

Raw noodles.
Unfriendly staff.
Just that simple

My last trip here, I ordered 2 items, chicken fried rice & curry chicken.
I actually liked the chicken fried rice quite a bit.
However, the Curry Chicken, ordered extra spicy, was a huge disappointment.
I disliked the item so much, I actually deleted their number from my contacts.
Mainly, the curry chicken tasted stale & the chicken was almost gelatin it was so soft.
I am, typically, not a waster, but I threw this dish out.
I know that chicken takes on the flavor of the sauce you cook it in, but, in this case, it took on the staleness of the curry.
This is sad, because, for years, I came here ordering their Lo Mein.
Then I left the area for a while.
This foray was after a year or more since my last visit.
All things change, entropy is always in effect, and all good thing must come to an end, I guess (cliché riddled rant now over).
I may give it another try, but would be hard pressed to do so.

This review is solely based on the service we received.
Upon entering we were merely directed to a table and provided no menus.
The host simply walked back to his stand.
We sat and chatted, waiting for a waiter to at least bring us some menus.
The delay took excessively long.
We watched the workers talk in the back, only to have one person to run 1 thing out at a time.
The place wasn't busy, it was a Wednesday around noon, so I can't attribute the flaw in service to being overwhelmed.
The waiter finally came to our table to take our drink order.
We stated we had received no menus and, being new to the restaurant, had no idea what drinks were available.
He stated he would get us menus after he got our drinks, ignoring our previous statement.
We restated it, and the host rustled up some menus.
The waiter then walked away to another table before giving us a chance to place drink orders at least.
Overall the experience just felt very rude and we perceived it as them blatantly ignoring us.
We proceeded to leave thereafter due to the poor service.
Again, I have no opinion of their food because thr service was bad enough to cause us to leave before even ordering.
Hope others have a better experience.

I've been coming here for about 2 years!
Their shrimp fried rice is awesome!
It is located right next to my work, so it is very convienant for me.
Love the service here!
Very fast and friendly!
Their lunch menu is also cheap and delicious!

The food taste fresh and is really good.
I always get the singapore style noodles and shrimp fried rice.
No silverware in my to go bag the last couple of times so I had to wait to get home to eat.

I tried Cook On Wok after receiving one of their promotional menus at my home.
I decided to have them deliver.
The food arrived after a decent wait.
We had pork fried rice, pepper steak with steamed rice, cream cheese won tons, and barbecued pork strips.
We thoroughly enjoyed the won tons, the pepper steak, and the steamed rice.
We thought the pork fried rice was absolutely delicious.
We weren't impressed with the barbecued pork strips.
Overall, we had a great experience and will definitely be eating from Cook On Wok again.

Had delivery this evening and really enjoyed the food.
It showed up on time and the quantity was just right.

I prefer not to eat faux Chinese food but if I'm outnumbered and the majority votes for this place and I'm eating for free then, I don't have a choice.
We get food here every so often since our office is in Summerlin.
They cater/deliver.
The ordering process can be tedious.
Language barrier/ hearing problems?
Whatever it is, it would take you at least 5 minutes to order over the phone.
The non-Asian folks normally eat sweet and sour chicken, Szechuan beef, crab rangoons, egg foo yong, veggie fried rice and, eggplant and tofu.
Their only saving grace is the salt and pepper shrimp - mind you, I'm allergic to shellfish so you could say I'd rather die than eat here if it were up to me.
Yuppie chow fun!

This is the only Chinese restaurant that delivers to my house.
It's got the basic menu and they're more than willing to augment a dish to suit your preferences.
For example, I like Moo Goo Gai Pan, which is not normally spicy, but I ask them to spice it up, and they comply.
They have family specials, but on those, they are not too keen on changing the choices.
They deliver really fast, and have never made me wait more than 15 or 20 minutes for delivery.
I would recommend ordering from the regular menu, and stay away from the family specials.
They may seem like they're a good deal, but I don't like when my choices are made for me.
I love their pot stickers (although they are pretty expensive), and I like their beef and broccoli, War Wonton soup, and spicy shrimp w/vegetables.
The food is pretty good, and the delivery is fast, but the prices are a little high.

I wouldn't call it great food.
I had lunch here and the wonton soup was good.
The Orange flavored chicken was average or even a little less than average.
The fried rice that came with it was.....well....it tasted like white rice.
Looked similar to fried but was pretty boring too.
I would compare the quality to panda express.
Not great, but an acceptable alternative to fast food.
Only downside to that is that you have a waitress you have to tip here.
The dining area is odd, with boxes of supplies piled up on the right side of the entrance area.
Makes it look cluttered and unfinished.

My daughter was sent to pick up some soup after visiting urgent care across the parking lot.
They charged my daughter  for hot mustard.
I can't believe they would take advantage of a child.
will a NEVER patronize this business again.
Shame on you Cook On Wok.

Descent food, nothing special.
I didn't like the fact they use part of their dining area toward the restroom as storage.
Everything was alright but the fact that the waiter didn't come back and check on me if I needed anything else.
As it turned out, I did.
Some hot sauce, didn't feel like getting up from eating so I ate without.

Fresh, inexpensive, delicious Chinese food!
Even makes me feel like I'm eating healthy with all of the fresh veggies they throw in.
My favorite is the Kung Pow chicken.
Again, very fresh tasting!
White meat!
Couldn't ask for anything better!
Very polite staff also :) Lunch specials can't be beat!

1st off..
The guy on the phone was nice and seemed very willing to help me..
It's a real pleasant surprise when some one is helpful and pays attention to you..
But it was all down hill after that..
The delivery time was acceptable no where near fast but not slow by any means..
I requested that the delivery driver call me when he gets at my home, due to me being upstairs and i have a bad knee so I'm not fast down the stairs.
I am startled by all the dogs in the house freaking out because the driver was pounding on my door..
Almost breaking my neck running down stairs i go answer the door..
I answered the door and politely asked why you didn't call he didn't even apologize..
He seemed smug and un interested in what i had to say.. my total was 21.90 i had 25 to tip him 3$ but in the midst of all the mess I left it upstairs..
I handed him 23$ and he looked at me like I was stupid and said only 23 dollars..?
Astounded I just shut the door..
I went back upstairs and settled in bed, the only reason I did order delivery is because I wasn't feeling well..
I open the bags and come to find out there was no fork or spoon not even a napkin in the bag.. Having to go back down stairs sick and on a bad knee to grab silverware I open my food and the chicken fried rice was descent, good flavor.
The coconut chicken was like chicken in coconut soup, soggy and not done very well at all.. Due to this whole experience I will not be ordering from them at all ever again..

I order delivery nearly every time.
They always say 30 - 45 mins but always arrive in 20mins.
Over the phone they it can be a little bit of a challenge.
I've eaten lunch a few times and it isn't that bad.
Semi clean and the service is par.
The combo fried rice is pretty good with most chicken dishes not too bad.
Look this place isn't a 5 star restaurant but they do serve you the food you need at the time, and in time.

Really good food!!!!
You can taste the flavor of whatever you eat!!!!
You must try it!!!!

I would have given this place four stars given that the food is pretty good, they deliver, and are close to us.
However, my latest encounter, which was last then 10 minutes ago, was what brought the star level down.
I placed a phone order for delivery (I usually do it online but I wanted a boba drink so I called it in instead because they dont have the drinks online).
Let me replay the part of the conversation that made me angry... Me:"Can I have a boba drink too?
" Person on the phone:"Yeah, you can have one.
What do you want.
" (in a serious/annoyed voice) Um.
Wait.
What?
That's not how you talk to a customer.
I should've cancelled my order at that moment.
But whatever, I guess my boyfriend and I will find other places close by.
I actually liked this place but never again.

Most everything I have had here is OK, not great, but OK.
I do like the chicken lettuce wraps, and their egg rolls are pretty good too.
Most of the spicy dishes aren't very spicy at all.
The kung pow chicken has very little spice, I usually have to fix it up with some hot sauce, but the flavors are good.
I also like the shrimp and garlic sauce.
I have only ate in the restaurant once, the service was good.
I usually get delivery, the deliveries are always quick and convenient!

I'll admit the food is passable but that's it, add the lousy service when I went in to pick up the order my wife phoned in and I'm never going back.
I'll drive an extra few miles for good service.

Food is ok however it's not good enough to have the cashier be rude.
If this place was not so close to the house I would NEVER eat here.
Bathroom looks as if it has never EVER been cleaned.
I can only wonder how clean they keep the kitchen.
I have to say this is the last time I eat here.
Well maybe if I am starving to DEATH.
There are WAY better places to eat in the area.
Pizza Hut would have been a better option.
I knew how this place is and I knew better.
This time was my bad but never again.
I think the Health Department should come take a look.
I'm not sure they would even pass.
Ohhhhh well what can you do!

We have been here twice now in the past month.
Both times we have had the lunch special which includes soup, entree, eggroll, and rice for $5-$7.
You get plenty of food for your money.
The staff are nice and the place is clean - though not fancy.
I had the Mongolian beef the first time and it was good.
I tried the twice cooked pork the 2nd time and I'll definitely get that again next time.

Friendly and great food with the freshest ingredients.
Ask for Tony, he will get you Fried Rice or Chow Mein made New York style.

