It's not cheap to fix european cars (I have an Audi and VW), but these guys know what they are doing and do it well.
Barry is an honest owner who doesn't try to cheat his customers.

I own a VW Passat diesel.
Its a pain to have my car fixed any where besides the dealer, and what a disappointment VW service department is here in Vegas.
European House for Imports staff was helpful, polite, delivered as promised, and works on German diesels!!
YAY!
The cost of my service was competitive, and overall I felt as I got a good deal.
I will be back for service on my little green tractor.

Update: Replaced my VW with a Nissan.
I bring my Nissan here and get the same great service, on a different kind of import.
Don't let the name deter you, you can bring your Japanese imports here too:)

Couldn't be better.
Mine was a simple job, handled by Brandon (Barry?
Sorry, whoever's from Brooklyn) in a few minutes...they'll now do all the work on our car.
Oh, and ours is not an import.
They're professional and courteous...and they get the job done right.
Thanks guys...

Came in for a simple oil change and sat there for over 15 minutes without any acknowledgment from the front desk boy.
After attempting to start a dialogue I was ignored while he placed another call.
I decided to take my business elsewhere.
They may be an awesome shop but they are in desperate need of some customer service improvements.

Looking for a repair shop is a very scary thing these days cause of all the shady things related to vehicle repair.
Thank goodness I found this place cause my worries are over.
They are awesome.
The owner is always there to chat and tell ya what's really wrong with your car.
I've never been pressured into anything I didn't need and always got exactly what I needed.
I will never take my car anywhere else cause finding a good honest repair shop is so rare.
I highly recommend European house to anybody that doesn't like getting ripped off.

I brought my VW Touareg in today because the flange on my fuel tank was dripping gas.
The initial concern from another mechanic was that I'll have to replace my fuel tank and I was going to be screwed out of $2000.
Luckily, I called around & most mechanics that specialize in Euro cars told me it would be the flange, and that they've never seen a gas tank replaced on a Touareg.
Other places I called were asking for between $550 - $700.
I called EHI and Brandon diagnosed all my symptoms on the phone, then gave me a quote immediately.
The price was way better than everywhere else, and he told me he could have it repaired the same day as long as I came in before 2PM so he can get the parts.
A couple hours later, my car was done and no longer dripping gas.
The price was spot on and not increased.
I will definitely return for any of my VW & BMW needs.

When we moved to Las Vegas from Silicon Valley/Bay Area we had to find a trusted, reliable and skilled automotive repair shop.
After trying other European shops and being greatly disappointed, we found The European House For Imports.
Barry is the owner and he has a skilled and courteous crew of staff that have serviced our 1997 Volvo T5 and 1997 BMW 540i for two years.
They have always been reasonably priced, fast and courteous.
We are so happy we found them, we'd never go anywhere else.
Rafael Juarez

After finally finding a great mechanic in Miami (check out Fangio's if you're in the area), I faced an unexpected move to Las Vegas.
I never had to deal with smog checks, etc.
before moving here and, of course, my old horrible car failed.
I was very nervous about finding a new mechanic given how long it took me to find an awesome one in Miami, but I read some great reviews about this place and decided to give it a try.
I had to pass the smog check to register my car and was on a serious time crunch.
I could have totally been taken advantage of since I had no option but to fix my car or face owning a vehicle without a valid registration.
I was beyond thrilled that European House did not try to screw me over just because I was in a tough spot.
In fact, they went above and beyond, doing everything they could to limit expenses while getting my car up to par for the smog (and they did it quickly, I only had a few days left).
I ended up taking the car back there for an oil change because I was confident that they would do the job without coming back at me with a list of things that didn't need to be done.
As a woman, I feel really confident going there alone without being worried that I'll get swindled and I've been recommending this place to everyone at work.
The guys are all super friendly, and, if you're lucky, Champ, the cutest  pup ever, will be there to greet you as well.
I'll be moving to Henderson in a few months, but will be sure to make the drive to Summerlin for car maintenance whenever I need it.

First time going here.
Been looking for a place other than the dealership to service my Volvo for a long time.
Josh and team were awesome.
My car needed its schedule 60,000 mile service.
The guys rocked it and got the parts and labor done in one day because I was going out of town.
They were friendly, accommodating, and their prices were good compared to the dealership and some of the other shops in town.
They didn't try to sell me anything I didn't need or tell me "Your timing belt needs to be replaced.
" (Love that one).
These guys are honest and do great work.
Period.
Hard to find.

Best service ever!!!
Car in and out in one day!!!
Shout out to Brandon!

If you own a BMW and you're having it serviced or repaired by the dealer, you're wasting time and money.
These guys know what they're doing, get it done fast, and don't charge nearly as much.
I own a 1999 740i that I'm very particular about, and keeping it in top shape can be expensive.
I wouldn't consider taking it anywhere else.

I just want everyone to know... Barry and his guys are the best.
They always do what is right for the customer no matter how little or how large.
They are the most honest shop in Vegas.
I bring all my cars to Barry and European House for Imports.
His front desk guys Brandon and Josh are friendly and very straight shooters.
I own a Mercedes, Audi, Porsche and Dodge Ram truck... they all go there for everything.
I used to take mine to the dealers and had nothing but bad experiences.
I can't tell you how nice it is to trust your automotive repair garage.
Hat's off to Barry and the guys to have a great 2014!

Great place to get your car serviced, Everyone is down to earth and just want to see you get the work you need done right the first time.
Would recommend them to anyone.

Watch out  from this thief  people I took my Mercedes for repair the try to still  $1.000 more then the Mercedes dealer for the job  the add 10 extra hours for the job when it should take only 2 hours I .i told Them not to touch the car I took the car to  Mercedes dealer and less then 2 hours job done for $ 700.00 .
and Europa  car want $1700.00 big big different  .stay away from them .

