When I moved to Vegas two years ago, I needed a good vet for my (at the time) one dog.
Now two years later, and two dogs in, I'd never go anywhere else for dog care.
The staff are very friendly, good humored, and conversational.
I primarily use Dr. Robinson and Dr. Hall, and they are about as sweet as they can be.
They are excellent caretakers for dogs.
I own two terriers, and neither dog are jazzed about people poking and prodding them, but the staff is very patient and gentle with my pets.
My littlest terrier, Junie, is... shall we say  very overprotective of me.
To put it mildly, if the entire living population were to be somehow wiped off the face of the Earth leaving only her and I, I think she'd be just fine with that.
As a result, she gets a little nippy with the doctors at times.
You can tell that the doctors know how to handle more "spirited" animals, and within a few minutes, they can actually get Junie calmed down and relaxed to do what they need to.
My other dog, Sophie, has been in her fair share of misadventures, but they're had to patch up Junie after some of her more reckless outings (such as encounter with a cactus), before she's bouncing off for more trouble again.
Oh, I've been teased for some of Junie's antics they've had to repair, but I appreciate the humor.
Again, the service is wonderful and very attentive.
The staff is friendly, and the care reflects in their work.
If you want genuinely nice people to take care of your favorite furballs, you can't do much better than this place.

Trust.
Your animals are your babies.
It's your best friend who's waiting at the door when you come home or your kitty curling in your lap.
They don't have the ability to take care of themselves so you need to trust someone who can do that.
The people at Rainbow Animal Hospital as such people.
For the past several years my fiancé and I have taken our two Cairn Terriers to see Dr. Robinson.
Imagine a doctor and a cheerleader merged together.
While that sounds like an unusual combination, imagine the intelligence and wisdom of a doctor with the enthusiasm and friendly demeanor of a cheerleader.
Every time we've been with Dr. Robinson and her staff they have treated us and our doggies with the best care I've ever seen.
Our doggies aren't exactly happy to be at the vet (one especially) but they always seem calm around Dr. Robinson and her staff.
I guess it's true that dogs can sense good people.
Over the years our dogs have had ear infections, limps, cactus in their fur, and of course the required checkups.
Every time Dr. Robinson has provided excellent care.
Also to note, every time we've done the wait time has been minimal.
It's not an in and out operation but rather a place that knows how to run well and efficiently.
One would think such a place charges a paw and a tail for treatment.
Not so!
The prices are usually lower than we expect and we've certainly paid more so worse service with other vets.
My only trouble in writing this review is I have nothing bad to say and hence I wonder if people will think it's legit.
Well it is.
Every now and then there's a place of business where they do everything right and to give anything less than a five star review would be dishonest and disrespectful to the wonderful job Dr. Robinson and the entire staff gives every time we go or whenever we have a question on the phone.
In short, if you want a place you can trust to take care of your furry children, consider Rainbow Animal Hospital.

our little guy wasn't feeling good on a sunday afternoon - he was vomiting, shaking, and couldn't walk.
our normal vet was closed so we took him to animal emergency.
they were quoting us almost $700 for tests which we just couldn't afford.
we explained our situation to them so they referred us to rainbow animal hospital -- one of the few vet offices open on sundays.
rainbow immediately saw us.
we probably waited only 5 or 10 minutes.
dr. vensand and his vet tech were so gentle and thorough when examining our pup.
the doc took his time to answer any questions i had and also was very kind and sympathetic to the state that our dog was in.
i really appreciated the service here.
they were honest and told us we only needed a blood and urine test (much less than what the emergency was asking for).
we ended up paying about 200 - thank god!
the office itself is small and a little dated - but the workers and service are excellent!
we will continue to stay in touch with rainbow animal hospital.
if we move closer to that area, we'll make it our primary.

I came here when my cat suffered sudden weight loss.
She was suffering from renal failure; I asked them to do everything they could to save her, but unfortunately nothing could be done and I lost her.
The bills were massive, but I made every arrangement I could to cover them; I maxed my credit cards, paid out my entire savings, and opened a new credit card just to pay more.
After that I was left with less than 1/4 of my balance.
Unfortunately, I was laid off my job the next week, now with no income, savings, or credit.
I explained the situation to them and said that I would pay soon, but would need a couple months to get new work.
When I finally got a new job and called them to make payment arrangements, they had already sold it to a collection agency and killed my credit.
Despite my requests they did nothing to remedy the situation.
I paid the rest of the debt to the credit agency, but will not go here again.

I started coming here with my two dogs eight years ago when I moved to Las Vegas.
I had a great vet back home and was nervous about taking them to someone new, but the staff and vets at this office are all great!
The vets always take the time to explain everything, and and the girls at the front desk always seem to be able to fit us into the schedule - even when we call last minute.
I wish I got care this good at my doctor's office!

I continued to take my Yorkie, Jigga, to this vet becuase it's where his old owner took him.
As soon as we walked in on our first visit we were greeted by Shelly.
Dr. Wolf is the absolute best and she tells it like it is.
I was worried about my dogs allergies and didn't want to continue paying for his $60 meds as his old mom did and Dr. Wolf prescribed a med that works just as good.
I will continue taking him there for the exceptional customer service and honesty.

I have been a client of Dr. Neil Patton (Rainbow Animal Hospital) for over 14 years.
Dr. Patton has treated all of my 13 greyhounds and 3 cats past and present throughout these years.
He and his support staff are always very conscientious of my feelings and show the utmost professionalism in their practice.
Dr. Patton and his associates are very knowledgeable in all aspects of veterinary care of my greyhounds.
I've often referred Dr. Patton as my Greyhound Guru.
Whatever the case may be, he always explains the issue in layman's terminology and addresses the different options that can be followed to pursue the correct treatment.
I've always walked away feeling that my greyhounds are in the best of care with him and his support staff.
Always has shown the "extra" mile when it comes to his practice.
Every year the staff always waits for the GREYFAB3 or 4 or 5 whatever the number may be to come in dressed as Santa and Missy Santa and the Reindeer to bring gifts and cheer amongst them.
It always brings a smile and hug to everyone in the office.
I'm very pleased, appreciative and thankful to have such a wonderful veterinarian and support staff care for my "kids" also known as 45 mile an hour couch potatoes.

When I lived in Vegas this was my faithful vet office for the past 6 years.
All of the staff are friendly and professional.
They really care about animals.
Instead of rushing and forcing my cats for samples, opted to keep them during the day at no extra cost.
The place is kept clean and though it smells like animals it doesn't reek of animal filth.
Whenever I asked questions, the doctors took time to answer them and make sure I understood.
They also have weekend hours which is next to impossible to find without paying out the ass.
This a trustworthy, caring facility.
If I return to Vegas, you can bet your sweet cheeks this who I will trust to look after and care for my fur babes.

Snoopy (Peek-a-poo) and Belle (Malti-poo) have been coming here and get great treatment from the doctors we've seen.
Prices are reasonable but you can tell by the staff and doctors that they really do love the animals.

These guys at the Rainbow Animal Hospital are so awesome.
From the girls behind the desk to the actual veterinarians, I don't think that I would completely trust my two labs to anyone else.
We've been with them for the past seven years and they really do care.
Dr. Patton Is a top-notch vet - He doesn't miss anything.
Recently, my yellow Lab, Belle, had to have a cancerous tumor removed from her leg.
The surgery, the follow-up and everything in between, solidified my faith in this animal hospital.
If you want a vet who cares, these are the people you need to trust with your babies.
They exceed five stars!

I am an animal lover; my dogs are my children.
My dog got into a bad confrontation with a larger dog (we believe), he had a large hole you could see through in his leg, and he needed surgery right away.
At first, we went to a 24 hour emergency veterinary clinic not too far away from our apartment.
Our child was seen, we discussed the bill, and they told us Rainbow Animal Clinic would be a lot cheaper.
We waited outside in the car with our torn and bleeding fur child until the Rainbow Animal Clinic office was officially open at 8am.
It was on a Sunday.
My dog's paper work had already been faxed over from the 24 hour clinic, but we had to fill out more paper work for Rainbow Animal Hospital.
After all of that, we were sat in a room with our child, and it was time for him to be weighed.
The receptionist attempted to grab my baby and weigh him, but he doesn't like people handling him certain ways and he freaked out on her.
I damn near cried because I know he was in pain from the accident, and he was in even more pain because she tried to grab him the wrong way.
I was furious.
Why not let me set him on the weighing scale myself???
After he was weighed, she rushed away to get the Veterinarian.
Our Veterinarian, Dr. Alric Vesand, was amazing.
He took great care of our little guy.
If it weren't for the Veterinarian, we probably would have went back to the 24 hour emergency hospital (the prices were about the same, expensive).
I call every so often to talk to our Veterinarian about our dog, and most of the time he is available to talk.
When he is not available, the receptionist leave him a message and his response time is incredible.
Overall, I recommend this animal hospital.
I'll be bringing my kids here from now on.
A word of advice, if you're bringing in an injured pet, ask the receptionist if you can sit your pet on the scale, yourself.

As I rescuing, re-socializing and training cats and dogs I really appreciate Doc Vensand's care and professionalism with each animal.
His mindfulness towards each individual is commendable.
Definitively our new vet this side of  town  : )

Found this place via Yelp.
It wasn't the closest clinic to my house, but it was worth the drive to go where they give good care.
My dog saw Dr. Vensand and was treated with care.
Milo went in for an eye problem and we got a referral to a canine ophthalmologist (eye specialist).
Everything was explained very clearly and Milo was made as at ease as possible (he tends to be a bit nervous as a rule).
As the previous reviewers state, this place is very neat and clean, the staff is very kind and friendly.
I was able to get an appointment right away.
I called them this morning at 8:30am and they put Milo in at 12:30 (mind you, today is Sunday!
)   In case anyone wondered, this clinic accepts major credit cards as well as Care Credit, cash and personal check (established clients).
New clients and clients less than a year with the clinic are unable to pay by personal check.
The office visit charge was $46 and the other testing and workup were additional.
Personally, I think that this is pretty fair for quality care.
We were going to get some vaccinations done (Rabies, Parvo etc updated), but since we aren't certain what's going on with the eye, we will wait, but the vaccines are only about $10 a piece.
Keep in mind, that if you go in for shots, you will be charged the base office visit, plus the charge for the shots.
I wanted to mention all of this stuff, because these are things that I find helpful when I'm looking for a vet clinic: Reputation, friendliness, cleanliness, kindness, competence and cost.
I definitely recommend this place and I will be returning with my other dog soon!

Being a military family we move often and struggle each time to find that great fit for our animals when it comes to a vet...RAH is just that fit!
Great hours, caring staff, and affordable prices.
Thank you for being just what we needed here in Vegas for our animals.

