I'm not going to pretend that I'm one of those guys who can fix cars....because I can't.
- I can replace a flat tire with a spare.
- I can jump start my car, assuming there's another car to get a jump from.
- I can't tow my own car.
- I can't fix a blown radiator.
- I don't carry 2 spares for 2 flat tires.
- I can't replace a busted timing belt.
- Beyond a dead battery, I can't determine what's wrong with my car if it won't start.
The list of Can'ts are just some of the reasons why I have AAA and have used them to bail me out of those situations over the years.
90% of the time they're responsive and show up within 30 minutes.
Will I use them again?
I hope not, but I feel more secure as a member.

I have been a member of AAA for over 40 years.
This office is the closest to where I live.
I agree with J.D.
's list of "I can't"s so I'm a member.
I've been here for some tour books, but the reason I came today was to renew my car's registration for another year.
This office has a DMV kiosk.
I stopped and had the car smogged a few minutes before and then I drove to the AAA office.
I scanned my renewal registration card, answered a few questions using the touch screen, and I left in about two minutes with my new plate sticker.
No online renewal, no waiting in the mail, just pure convenience.
That's 5 stars in my book any day!

Quick service to get international drivers license!
Went to AAA rather late in the afternoon, hoping it was still open, and I was in luck.
My errand to get an International Driver's License was attended to immediately, and took no longer than the actual time for me to fill out the form, make my $15 payment, and have the document printed out.
It was very efficient, and couldn't have been easier.

I have been a AAA member for over 15 years.
Today, when I REALLY needed them they were NOT there for me and I'm even a PREMIUM member.
I will NOT renew my membership with them.
Clearly, PREMIUM doesn't mean squat to them and they acted like getting to me in say, four hours or so is acceptable.
THANK goodness I have some amazing friends, but AAA?
Not anymore!
There's way too many other companies that would probably stand behind their PREMIUM roadside service at way less than about $200.00 per year.
So, you've lost another one, AAA.
You don't stand behind what you advertise and I'm voting with my feet.

This review is more about AAA as a company then the employees who work there.
I just moved here and in a haste purchased auto and homeowners insurance from them.After I had a moment to settle in to my new home i started to look around at competing insurance companies.AAA is over priced.
I cancelled my policy and have now been waiting 3 weeks for my prorated premiums to be returned to me.Dont you just love these companies that take forever to pay back but if your one day late your cancelled?
I also found their process of accessing my risk,biased and unfair.
I would not reccomend this company for anything.The AAA membership is antiquated and obsolete.1 extra star was given for the employees,otherwise would have been 1.

I used this address as it is closest to my home and the location where my battery went dead.
Yes, sure enough, my two year old battery failed after the headlights were inadvertently left on for an hour while parked.
I was sitting in the car and did not notice them as it was daylight and, of course, I'd turned off the ignition.
So here I was, now in the darkness, when the car would not start.
I called the AAA number and gave them a few details that the operator needed.
Then, she said the road service had been notified and they would be out shortly.
The next thing, I received a text message on my iPhone saying the truck would arrive in # minutes and actually it arrived in half that time or like fifteen minutes!
Wow!
Then the uniformed technician in a AAA truck, promptly jumped started the car and kept it running for five minutes to make sure it would start, which it did.
He then checked out the condition of the battery which turned out to be good as new.
That was it and I was off, greatly relieved not to be stuck in a county park alone, begging for a jump from somebody.
This was excellent service and what I really expect from AAA.
PS  I hope AAA reaches out to Garth of the review below, one day before mine, where he gave the one star.
I've worked for an insurance company and, unfortunately, had too many claims, so I know how they work and his complaint is either completely invalid or there was a real miscommunication between him and his adjuster.
I mean, the adjuster agreed there was $502 in damages after his deductible so the policyholder went out and got the repair done.
I know companies work in different ways as to how you are going to get paid or have the repair shop be paid, and feel that it is likely this polIcy holder misunderstood the instructions which could have been a little bit different then he thought.
However, if all the facts are correctly stated in his complaint, AAA should have the ability to work something out with him and just pay the $502 instead of ruining good will.
If he had be stupid, and tried to collect for the entire paint job instead of the $502, then I could understand a rejection of the claim.
By the way, my only connection with AAA is my twenty year membership and it is not for Auto and Homeowner.
That is with GEICO for many more years.
I hope he contacts his agent, if something is not done about this matter.

I love this AAA office.
Today I stopped by 6 minutes after they closed, and they unlocked the door (with a smile) to let me in so that I could get my AAA guidebooks.
My insurance representative is Wendy Everson and she is very knowledgable, friendly, and responsive.
She answers all my emails or phone calls promptly.
I would highly recommend her.

