I lived in these apartments from 2003-2006 and it was great.
However we moved back in 2009 and they had all new employees and it's the worst place ever now!
They have a maintenance guy that drives in the go kart drunk.
2 employees, Josh and America, will lie straight to your face.
The shelves in our closet fell three times and America told me we would have to wait a week for someone to fix them.
I asked what I was supposed to do with my clothes and she said I could leave them on the floor for all she cared!
We ended up spending our own money to fix them ourselves.
When we tried to move out I needed proof of payment for our new place and they took over 7 days to fill it out and said several times they never received the fax even though I had confirmations!
I would not recommend anyone live here.
Over priced, rude incompetent employees and drunk maintenance workers.

The Fairways is seriously one of the nicest apartments I have ever lived in.
I work with a doctor and our office is not far from here so it works out great!
The surrounding area is gorgeous, as are the grounds.
If I had one complaint it would be that they are too far from the Strip, although this adds to the quiet and safety.
Maintenance can be quite slow, but the management team compensates, as do the gardeners who are at the top of their game.
Like I said before, it's a very nice area.
Overall, I would highly recommend The Fairways.

I've only lived here for a month, but I must say that so far it is wonderful.
We did have an issue with our first apartment when I was told the first tenant wasn't leaving and I was without an apartment, but management got in touch with corporate and compensated me.
I thought I was going to have to wait another month, but an apartment became available and they pushed things including new paint and carpeting and got me in on my original move date.
I am not thrilled with one of the employees for how it was originally handled, but management stepped in and took care of it right away.. As someone who never lived in an apartment complex, I was worried about noise especially since we are poolside, however, it is very peaceful and quiet.
As of today, I would highly recommend theses apartments.
However, like I said I have only been here for a month.
Maybe my feelings will chance in the future, but we shall see

Amazing place.
The neighborhood is near perfection.
The staff is always courteous and ready to help.
They genuinely care about the integrity of the project.

Ive lived here for 11 months and i have had no problems at all.
The staff when i signed was great and every time I've needed something fixed they have been more than helpful.

Nice apartments but has the WORST office and maintenance crew I ever dealt with in my life.
They almost always "forget" when you make a maintenance appointment and rarely ever bother to show up even if what is broken cause a hazard.
It's gotten so bad that people have begun withholding rent until maintenance requests they've had in for months are finally taken care of.
The latter is not the best tactic but totally understandable given the piss-poor job this place does with keeping up with maintenance and how often the front desk lies to you.
Can not wait for my lease to be up.

