I've only been here a couple of times with some friends.
It's pretty convenient along with the three other theaters within less of a mile.
But I like it because it's next to the TGIF.
It does feel kinda deserted.
I feel like I hardly see the people that work here.
Other than that the movies are good and the seats are coo too.

Every so often, the husband and I will watch a movie at this theater.
Its really not bad.
Our usual spot for movies is at the Red Rock.
But when you are off on a Saturday or Sunday, you may want to think twice about catching a movie there.
Crazy busy and too crowded!
This place is much more peaceful.
Its clean and never really crowded.
The employees here must have the easiest job ever!
Although some of them can be a little grumpy.
The cashier didn't say "thank you" or anything to us after we paid for our popcorn and drinks.
Also, their Icee machine never seems to work.
:(  If you sign up for Cinemark emails, they will send you weekly concession coupons.
My first coupon was a free small popcorn with a purchase of any size fountain or frozen drink.
It might not sound like much, but every little bit helps, right?
I definitely wouldn't mind coming here more often!

Decent theater- way in the back of the casino, follow the signs to find it.
Bathrooms are right by the box office, and they're modern and clean.
Auditoriums are small, but I prefer it that way.
Sound and video were perfect throughout our movie: Gravity 3D.
Auditorium, halls, and bathrooms were super clean.
Didn't see much staff aside from box office staff and the guy who took our tickets.
This location was close to dead at 7PM on a Friday night, which is a huge plus- I may work with teenagers, but I have zero interest in hanging out with them in a social context when I'm off the clock.
This is the perfect theater to avoid them.
As for other reviews who reference a ton of seniors- senior day, per a sign at the box office, is now moved to Wednesday, as of 1/1/2014.
I couldn't care less if the people in the auditorium with me are 8 or 80, as long as they're respectful, but you may want to take that into account- I assume they're likely a bit busier those days.

This a nice movie theater.
They have kettle corn popcorn so this is the main reason I go here.
The staff was playing on their iPhones when I approached the ticket counter, but I don't expect a lot when I go to a place like this that teenagers normally work.

