Fast lube and smog checks.

Every time i come here to get a car wash, i end up sitting and waiting on their car wash tarmack for assistance.
I see employees texting and smoking but nothing.
This is the 3rd time this has happened to me!
Some serious employee management  issues.
Beware, if you are on a time crunch and in need for some fast service, DON'T COME HERE.

I came here on Saturday.
Paid $26 for a car wash and interior cleaning...
I have to say this is the worst job anyone has ever done...
I cleaned my interior one more time before I drove off... Not only that I asked the guy to let me borrow his towel!
I will never come back to this one.
I might stay away from the franchise all together.

Pull in to gas up......the attendant is out of the store taking his break.
Having a cigarette inbetween the gas pumps.
Bye.

This is my spot to get my oil changed.
The staff is super friendly and very efficient.
I love how they don't try to sell me things but suggests them to me so I can go home and research them to see if i really want to have it done or not.
I had something popping out from my side panel on the driver side and have been lagging to take it to the dealer to get it fix but when i went in to get my oil changed, they fixed it for me without even asking me!
Love them!
If you want great service go here!
If you don't want to waste your entire day at the dealer or some other lube service place, go here!

The guys here are careful, knowledgable and fast.. Coming to Terrible Oil change feels like a race pit!
Vroom

Don't be trustful to their workers!
Tough lesson!
I lost one of my floor mat, game bird feather hanging on my rear view mirror and cup holder!
I noticed my right front floor mat was missing and I complained to the car wash manager.
But he don't know what to do or even say but just sorry we can't find it and wasn't able to help me.
I didn't realized I was also missing my game bird feather and cup holder when I got home.
I would not let anybody do the inside of my car ever because of this experience!

I always come here to get my oil change.
friendly staff and free car wash!

OIL CHANGE SCAM!
I'm a bit behind on posting this review.
I have been going to Terrible's over the years and I'm not sure why.
Every visit I'm given bad news about my car.
In the past, I had crappy cars, so anytime I was told I needed an extra service or repair, I took their word and went for it   Back in November, I took my new car (to me) in for an oil change before heading on a Thanksgiving road trip.
I picked a good day because I got right in.
Every time I sit in a Terrible's lobby I feel the anxiety kick in.
What are they going to find wrong and how much am I going to pay?
Sure enough, the grease monkey asked me to come out to see whatever he believed to be wrong with my car.
He showed me that my front brake pads needed replacement.
I had just replaced them in August when I bought the car, so I was skeptical.
I told him I believed he was wrong and he seemed taken aback that I would argue with him over it.
He quoted me $650 in parts and labor.
I told him I'd let him know but that I wasn't going to do the work that visit.
He said he didn't recommend I drive on them but gave me his business card so I could schedule a time for the repairs.
Since I was leaving for a road trip of 900 miles in a few days, I took my car for a second opinion.
I did not tell the new mechanic of any known issues, simply asked for a basic brake inspection.
About 40 minutes later, I was told that the brakes, front and back, were in great condition and no repairs were needed.
I called the guy at Terrible's and let him know if not be returning for a brake job or any future oil changes either.

Every time I come to any terrible s I'm told my car has all these leaks and problems.. Then when I take my car to my trusted mechanic of 14 years..
He tells me they are crazy and the problems don't exist.
And the up selling drives me nuts!
If synthetic oil is better for the heat.. Why not make that the standard since we live in the desert?
Does it really cost $20 extra for that oil ?
I'm disappointed in the business practices here and always telling me my car is broke or leaking..
When it's really not.. My rating is purely in business ethics

