Prices are average for services.
Had a pedicure and it came out great!
Nice french tip and nail art.

RECENT DISCOVERIES: SHELLAC GEL POLISH & ROCK STAR NAILS!!!!
Not the most luxurious nail salons I have been to--its actually a little bit run-down.
But the nail technicians here were always on point with how I wanted my nails and toenails to look like.
They are really friendly, funny, and suggestive with their new nail products/designs--but never pushy and never made me feel pressured.
The last time I was here, Ann suggested for me to try out their new "Shellac Gel Polish" line (40 colors to chose from).
She explained that its applied like normal polish, but acts like gel (b/c it has to be cured underneath a UV lamp).
I chose a pinkish nude color (#26) and a silver glittery polish (#??
) to apply on top for some sparkles.
The outcome of my manicure was exactly like gel--super shiny, glossy, strong, sparkly and was told it will be this way up to 21 days with no chip!
Awesome!
I was also long overdue on a pedicure and was craving for a foot rub (hehe).
Anthony worked on me and also gave me a suggestion-- "Rock Star Nails.
" It involved a selection from the Shellac Gel Polish line and pressed-on glitter that complimented the polish color.
What's so cool about Rock Star Nails is that it had all the same features of what i noted above (for my manicure) BUT now, the glitter specks has a 3D glass-like effect (bc of top gel)!
Super sparkly, glittery, shinny, glossy....LOVE IT!!
In addition, I've been to Bebee's several times before and have gotten Glitter Nails (nice colors), Full-Set, airbrushing, french pedicure, and nail art.
The airbrush/nail art were all creative/pretty.
Prices are average.
FYI: This place is going to go through renovations within the next few weeks.
Can't wait to come back and see whats done to it and try out other Shellac Gel Polishes!

The last time I was in town, I had a "Rock Star" pedicure.
I was recently in town for a few days, and decided to stop by and get a "Rock Star" manicure!!
YEAH!!
And surely, I was not disappointed!
I chose a dark-plumy color and lavender glitter shimmers to layer on top.
Ahhh, I just can't stop looking at my nails!
:) Although it is pricey (a nice treat here and there), I think it's definitely worth it-- considering that it will last for at least 2 weeks w/o chipping.
And come on, with the sparkly glitter finish, its Aaamazing.
LOVE IT!

I have been searching high & low for a clean salon with reasonable prices and I finally found it!
The deluxe pedicure is a great treat.
I personally have Anne do my nails because they are perfect everytime!
Pay $20 extra for your "paws & claws" to be painted in the "shellac"  polish & your polish it purr-fect for at least 3 weeks!

My nail salon!
Im there weekly for either a pedi or mani and every time they do a great job!
I even get my eyebrow waxing done here.
Great service and great price!

Great service

Love this shop!
Everyone is friendly most days service is quick your in and out in no time.
Every person that has done my fills or pedi has done a wonderful job!
I rarely get nail art however when i do the work is always wonderful!
I highly recommend them for all your nail needs and will keep going back even after i move!

:) great job with the rockstar nails!
This is my alternate nail shop for my shellac nails when I'm visiting Vegas!

If I could give it a zero I would have.
This was the worst nail job that I have ever had.
I went into get fills on my pink and whites.
I decided to get a color tip that turned into this thick big blob on my nails.
It was the guy that has long hair that did my nails, he said that he has been doing them for 11 years.
I don't honestly believe that he even has a license.
My nails were so think and clumpy that he went to go put the gel on them and I told him that I did not like anything that he has done to my nails and that they are horrible.
I had to ask him to sand them down more so that they didn't look like a 1st grader did my nails....he also took my nice curve that you have in your nail that seperates the tip and made it a straight or semi straight line.
I asked him what happened to my curves and he just sat there.
Not to mention the (2) smoking breaks he took while doing my nails....I mean who doesn't love leaving a nail salon with there hands smelling like smoke.
I would not recommend this place to anyone!!!!!!
A complete waste of money!!!

LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this salon!!!
I am currently in town on vacay and was in dire need of a "soak-off" & a new set (as I thought) along with a pedicure.
I wanted a "SHELLAC" pedicure to ensure that it would last until the end of my vacay so I decided to come to BeBee Nails since they are the only few salons in Vegas that does "SHELLAC.
"   I walked in w/o an appointment and was immediately greeted with a friendly and welcoming smile from the owner (I think).
Within seconds, I was seated at the first station on the left-the older gentleman's station.
I informed him that I wanted a "soak-off" of my current full set and wanted a new set.
Both the owner and the older gentleman then suggested that I just get a fill instead of the "soak-off.
"  I went with their suggestion and I am so glad I did b/c I was so dreading the "soak-off" all morning.
I love anything glitter and wanted glitter french tips and was initially going to go with the "Glam and Glitz" but the nail tech and another tech (a younger woman) suggested "Rock Star" nails and stated that "Rock Star" nails have more of a "POP" so I figured why not?!?!
and boy, was I super satisfied with their suggestions!
I then got a SHELLAC pedicure which I absolutely LOVE!
A younger guy did a GREAT job on my pedicure.
He is quite the conversationalist and comedian which I found to be a breath of fresh air since most nail techs usually do not say much to their clients.
I couldn't leave without getting some nail designs so the younger woman tech designed my ring fingers and big toes with the most intricate and beautiful flowers.....she definitely has skills when it comes to nail art.....I absolutely love the fact that she can do MIRROR-IMAGE nail designs!!!
Another ++ about this salon is their reasonable prices and only being ~10-15 minutes from the Vegas Strip!
I could have only imagine what it would have cost me if I had all this done in a salon on the Vegas Strip!
I absolutely left more than HAPPY with my "ROCK STAR" fill and "SHELLAC" pedicure with MIRROR-IMAGE nail designs!
I will def.
come back to BeBee Nails whenever I am back in Vegas :)

So its been ~3.5 weeks now from when I got my nails done at BeBee Nails.....and my shellac toes are still PERFECT minus the growth :)  They have not yet chipped....not one!
I just got back from Cancun, Mexico meaning my toes have been in-&-out of the pool and beaches for 7 days now and they are, all 10, are still intact ;)  Talk about an AWESOME job!!!
Def.
worth the extra money for shellac!!

A good place to go when you want to do a walk-in, and quick service.
I did the rockstar mani with nail art.
Everyone is pretty friendly in the salon, and the work they did was pretty good, despite the fact two different technicians did my nails =O Weird, but it was fine.
The first technician did my manicure, and the second did the rockstar mani and nail art.
She did a pretty good job.
Other than that, it's a good place.

Nice atmosphere, walked in & even though nobody could get to me  immediately, they put me in the big massage chair - so it was Alright ;-) Even though I'm male, I get pedicures which helps my feet.
I actually picked this place based purely on its Yelp rating, so far that has served me well since moving to LV!

I was sorta unimpressed.
I have been to many of these strip mall nail joints, and know what to expect.
However, I would not return to this one.
It is way out of my bubble of safe places to go to (within a certain distance from my house or various other places I run errands) but I was on that side of town and needed my Gelish nails redone.
The place was dirty, I don't mean maggots and moldy food dirty, just a lot of nail dust, dust and general untidiness.
It was the end of the day, so I can forgive it (but it was clearly not from just one day)  The tools weren't taken out of individual pouches like I am used to and just looked sketchy.
But since she wasn't clipping cuticles, since that isn't in their gelish application like it is at C&N where I was going before, I wasn't too worried.
The other problem was there weren't using the Official Gelish products.
They used the colors, but not the base, or the cleaner like most places do.
My Gelish also lifted super fast.
It doesn't last long for me anyways, but this one was the fastet lift ever.
I gave up on Gelish after.
I hate giving bad reviews.
Please forgive me!
OH!
And I paid a lot more there than I did at C&N for less of a service.

Stopped in last night for a gel manicure and the place was empty.
I took a good look around after reading reviews and its not the nicest, cleanest place, but like another reviewer said, it isn't unsanitary and disgusting.
Nail dust definitely and the tools aren't in the little sealed bags, but they do use the Gelish polish - at least they did with me last night.
It's a nice, very casual, family-owned and run nail shop with very reasonable prices.
My gel manicure was $29 which is great compared what I've paid at other nail shops a little further west.
My nails look pretty good, although shorter and more curved on one hand than the other, but the polish looks great.
I'd probably go back if in the area, they are fast, friendly and I like helping out those types of places with my business!

Being that I was in the area, I looked on here & saw that out of 16 reviews they had 4 stars so I decided to give them a try.
I got the rockstar manicure, which came out pretty nice.
But on both of my ring fingers I asked for them to do a hello kitty design similar to one of the photos provided here on yelp.
It wasnt perfect on my left hand but I'm not one to complain, but when it came to my right hand is where I got really frustrated.
The lady did the design & again I wasn't impressed, because they rubbed acetone on top of the gel manicure when they finish, the guy smeared the hello kitty design completely off my right hand.
The lady who did the hello kitty design had to redo the design.
She then redid the hello kitty & went to apply a clear top coat and smeared the face because it was still wet.
She didn't want to fix it!
She tried to use a small brush to try to unsmear the mistake & did a poor job at trying to fix it, and she didn't even care as though she was just ready for me to leave.
I asked if I could pay, and the man who did my gel manicure asked if I liked it, & I showed him that it was still smeared even though she "fixed" it.
Noone offered me a discount or even an apology.
I will NEVER go back here!
I posted a picture, the one to the far left is what I wanted, the one in the middle is the one that came out so/so, the one on the right is the smeared one that they refused to fix.
For $40 you would think it would be no problem to fix a small mistake like this, very disappointed with my experience here.

Love the folks at Bebee Nails, not a fancy place but clean and the the techs are nice and talk to you.
Prices are reasonable.
They do good work

I enjoy visiting Mike.
He does a great job on my nails.
He is very efficient and super fast.
This is a very relaxing, laid back shop.

Went in, got great service, great selection, and i went home with a great set of nails.
It was also less expensive then most places I've tried in the past.
I had to ask twice how much, because i almost didn't believe it.
Would highly recommend.

I visited Bebee Nails from a recommendation in the Mom's group that I'm a part of.
My mom and sister was in town and they wanted pedicures.
We visited the place and the staff in there was friendly.
The people that my sister and mom got for their pedicure were awesome and very attentive.
My guy on the other hand did a good job as well but wasn't nearly as attentive and finished my pedicure way ahead of my sister and mom's (and my guy started 15 minutes later).
I think I just wanted a little more time with the foot rub and attention to my lil piggies.
Regardless, the three of us left with awesome, clean cut, professional pedicures and my sister and mom got cute designs.
Originally from Chicago, I've been on the hunt to find the same affordable prices here in Vegas paired with great quality.
Bebee Nails definitely was it.
Affordable pricing, great service, and we've been getting compliments everywhere we go on our pedicures :) Can't wait to visit again!

My friend is friends with the daughter of the owner here and since i wanted to get my nails done, i asked her if we could go.
The wait time was short and the wait staff were attentive and friendly.
When it came time to do my nails, they asked me what i wanted and i showed them the Hello Kitty nails that someone had previously posted on yelp.
It wasnt identical, but it was close enough and it came out great.

DO NOT GO HERE!!
I had a pedicure yesterday... Tiffany did it, she cut my toe by scrubbing so hard on my feet.
I'm still in a lot of pain because of this!
This was and expensive horrible pedicure and I also have to live with the pain of my toe now!!!!
Absolutely ridiculous.

Worst place to get eyebrows waxed, it was two weeks ago that I had them waxed and just needed them cleaned up.
Not only she takes off a big gap off, she also blames me and says it was like that already.

This place is absolutely terrible!!!
My girlfriend and I went in to test it out and not only did I have to constantly tell my nail guy you're missing spots he couldn't get the designs right to save his life.
My nail has broken for the 3rd time since I've gotten them on in a week.
It's embarrassing!
My girls nails look even worse!!
She's broken hers for the second time now.
When we went back the first time to get it fixed she didn't even out a tip on her nail when she took it completely off.
She just used acrylic so not only does it not match she has to get a complete new set next time.
DONT GO THERE!!!!
It's not worth it at all!
What a waste of money!

I've been coming here for like 12 years.
I love Ann and her staff , they're always so friendly.
I get the highest quality pedicures and manicures every time I come here.
I regret trying anywhere else that may be closer to my home 30 mins away.
I always end up back here, and they greet me with open arms and "fix me".. they offer a wide variety of designs and options to get your nails done.
Prices are very competitive and you will have a salon for life.

I always come here for my pedicure.
I'm a guy and I don't feel out of place here.
Also I've been to places where the person would rush whenever the wait was piling up or when it was time to close soon, not this place.
They take their time and do a wonderful job.
I love this place!

The guy was rough with my nail take off.
I said ouch a few times.
He cut me with the drill.
(Rounded my nails way too much.
Told him to use gel and he put acrylic then tried to put some bootleg gel type concoction on top and stuck me under the UV light.
This place had decent reviews but it seems service was mainly done by the younger guys and a woman who did pedicures.
I guess I got stuck with the bad apple.
I doubt I will return here as it is far away and service was not anything to brag about.
This review should have been completed about two weeks ago but updated info was needed.
I went to take the nails off today and it hurt like heck.
My nail bed was split from side to side.
no bueno!

