I just moved to Summerlin and was looking for a place to buy my supplements.
I was told to go to Vitamin Shoppe but found the staff to lack product knowledge.
I had always heard Vitamin Shoppe tp be cheap but that was not the case.
I talked to another guy who told me about the GNC at centerpoint plaza.
The staff was so knowledgable, so polite and so helpful that i ended buying all my supplements their and a Gold Card which saved me 20 percent.
They talked about being a family operated  GNC, they had lower everyday prices than Vitamin Shoppe.
Apparently their owner shops the competitors to make sure the store has the lowest prices in town.
I know heat destroys protein, vitamins and minerals so it was nice to know that GNC is the only major competitor (Costco included) that cold shipped it's supplements.
I will absolutely return and recommend this family operated store to everyone I meet.
Great value.
Helpful staff.
Saved money.
Couldn't ask for anything more.

Mr. 10,000 Calorie Man, Justin, is the face behind this location.
When I first met him, we talked about nutrition and he told me he needs 10,000 calories a day to fuel his physique and I nicknamed him "10K Calorie Man.
" Out of respect, I usually call him by his first name otherwise he'll bend me like a pretzel.
He is very patient and helpful when it comes to nutrition and workout techniques.
My score of 4-Stars is highly subjective because I buy my pre-workout drink(s) at GNC and my Protein powders at Vitamin Shoppe.
A five-star would mean it would be a one-stop shop for me.
HINT-If you live in the SW, look for their 20% off coupon in your Zip Code magazine.

Ok so I always hear mixed things about GNC but I became a member and therefore the prices are good.
They have everything I need and being right across from the gym is convenient.
I always chose this store if I'm not going to order online as the guys there are so helpful and answer questions as long as needed.
They are family operated and even have some stuff that isn't sold online.
I can get almost all my supplemental vitamins there and their women's multivitamins are perfect for me.
They also always have different vitamin chews to sample by the register of their variable selection.
They frequently have buy one get one 50% off and it's definitely worth it.
Bars that expire within the month, which I have no problem with eating before expiration, are on sale by the register too.
Great customer service and the products are good.

I recently have discovered GNC.
I am a huge fan of the pre-mixed protein shakes.
They are very easy to grab for a meal replacement or a snack during the day.
I also have found the help me stick to my diet.
I also buy my multi vitamins here.
The staff at this location is helpful and they can always recommend items for a healthy lifestyle.
At first, I didn't want to join their programs because I didn't think it would be worth the $$.
I have found the opposite is true and I feel that it is money well spent.

