Awful management and service!
I placed an online order and it was going to take 95 minutes, I called to confirm and they said they had only one delivery driver working!
They did not offer any type of compensation for future order, I will never order again.
Dominoes and Pizza Hut are far better options!
Wayne Gorsek

Will never order again!
Have had three times and the pizza is full of salt and sorry  excuse for a pizza!

I picked up a pizza from this location for the first time tonight.
The pizza was hot, fresh and delicious.
The ordering and pickup process was professional and efficient.
"I'll be back!

Well the pizza here is good.
It is always fresh and hot.
Best fast food pizza around.
But the service was terrible!!!
Took almost 2 hours to get my delivery and let me tell you I was not happy about that.
They need more delivery drivers and maybe a better management team.
I mean it's just pizza people.

Picked up a pizza and breadsticks tonight.
Great food, and friendly service.
Great visit.

Ordered the new Double Layered Premium Pepperoni Pizza.
Picked it up and they were out of the premium pepperoni.
The manager didnt even tell me.
They didnt say a word till I went back in, because all I had was a pepperoni pizza.
No sorry or warning or anything.
Pizza was really bad as well.
This place has been going down hill for at least a year.
I finally learned my lesson.

Always great delivery service here.
However, whenever I ask for "Chicago Cu"t (in squares) they simply ignore it about 50% of the time.
I usually have to call after I place the order online to make sure they cut it right.
How hard can following simple order instructions be?
ARGG!

My experiences with papa johns have always been good until I came to this particular store.
The pizza itself was good, but the trouble I had getting it makes me not want to go back.
They barely spoke English so it took them forever to get my order correct and to add on I had to wait about 20 minutes for my pizza.
I was the ONLY one in the store.
Not to mention when I finally got the pizza it wasn't hot.
It was sorta warm but they could have done much better.

Cashier was very rude.
Will not return to this location again.
Stay away!

So sad to see such negative reviews for this location!
I live right around the corner and come here often and my experience has always been great!
Everyone has always been super friendly and helpful and the pizzas are amazing!
Definitely try their desserts they by far the best dessert pizzas out of any delivery pizza place!

I found a roach in my pizza box.
2 slices already eaten.
I would never patronize Papa Johns again.

the pizza was over an hour late it took over 2 hours from order to delivery.
the pizza tasted horrible.
I understand its delivery and not expected to be as good as roccos or grimaldis, but it was nasty doughy and tastless and the delivery guy wined to me about his entire life story as he appoligized for the latness I could not get rid of this numnut so I just said seeya and slamed the door after finally getting this nasty excuse for pizza

