Glen Elder is a dishonest man.
He installed what was supposed to be a brand new A/C unit in our home.
Within just a few weeks it wasn't cooling.
We called and called.
He had all kind of excuses, he was busy, he hurt his knee, his back was hurt, etc., etc., etc.
Finally we threatened to contact the A/C manufacturer...then he shows up and wants to fix what was broken and "only charge me" for the parts and labor...he'd waive the service call.
WHAT?
After reminding him that this NEW machines should still be under a complete warranty he agrees to fix it as a courtesy.
Two more repairs later and a whole lot of excuses I insist I want a new A/C unit, this one appears to be a lemon.
He won't do it, I actually have to go directly through the manufacturer who makes him replace my unit.
I am home while he switches out the unit.
It works through the summer but half way through the following summer, just a few months ago, and it stops running again.
This time you can't find the man, message after message, after message.
Finally we call another repairman who pulls off the front cover to reveal that snake of a man, Glen, had "jury-rigged" the thing using some electrical tape and by passing wires.
It would appear even the second unit was not new or he came back and put the old junker back in my home while I was away which sounds unbelievable until you experience Glen!!
Under no circumstances should you use this man and tell you friends!
Tell your enemies what a great guy he is and how much they'll love working with him...

I bought my house in Las Vegas in 2004 and Elder Air has serviced my 2 Ton and 3.5 Ton Carrier Units since that time.
The Units are now 20 years old and they have not required any major service during the ten years that they have been serviced for me by Elder Air.
It has been my experience that Glen Elder has been honest and very reasonable in his charges for annual routine maintenance service on my two units.

We bought Our house in Las Vegas in 1999 and Elder Air has serviced our 2 Ton since that time.
The unit is now over 10 years old and has not required any major service during the ten years that it has been in the caring hands of Elder Air.
When we first heard about Elder Air... several friends suggested that the only way to go when it came to air conditioning was to go through Glen Elder!
Boy were they ever right.
He was fast, professional, and thorough in explaining why our bill was so high and just what we needed to do to fix it.
Our Electric bill dropped by half and we have been warm in the winter and cool in the summers ever since.
It has been our experience that Glen Elder is an honest business man... trustworthy and reliable.
Ask two of our neighbors equally as happy  after taking our suggestion and going with Elder Air...
Sincerely, one happy and cool customer

