Friendly and energetic crew!

I have frequented this Starbucks for five years, as it is the closest one to where I work.
They are always polite and fun and they deal well with the fact that my "preferred" drink changes by the day.
I actually tip at this Starbucks!
(Wow, I sound like a cheap turd.

I love this Starbucks simply because it is easy off, and easy on the 95 as I head to work or downtown.
They have always given me my order fast and accurate.
Love the Pumpkin Spice Frapps!

I stopped in here yesterday because I was in the area.
The staff was absolutely the best!
Great service and good beverage.
This is off my normal path by quite a bit, and I was glad I made the stop here for my daily coffee.

I love caffeine and you are sure to find a Starbucks within a mile of any location in this town.
The lattes are good I recommend the White Mocha with one pump raspberry, pumpkin latte, or the white peppermint mocha.
The reason they don't get five stars is the prices are ridiculous and the beans always taste overcooked, Illy and Lavazza have smoother tasting beans if that matters to you.

Its starbucks, I dont even know what to say about it that hasn't been said.
I like this location because its mad close to my house and beyond the early morning super crunch they usually have a pretty quick easy breezy drive through!
Staff is nice... i'll be back!

I visit this location every morning before I go to work.
The drive Thur is usually nuts, but I don't mind going inside because the line moves quickly, if there even is a line inside.
The staff is always nice and friendly too which is a must!
I have to say that I am not really a fan of the new remodel though.
If you are looking to sit  down at a table with a friend the new layout doesn't really allow for that.
Although it does look very similar to the original Starbucks on Pike Street in Seattle, maybe that's what they were going for, a retro coffee house vibe.
Either way I love this location and I am thankful they are there for my morning coffee before work and my treats on the weekends!
Yay for Sbux!

This location had friendly staff on this visit!
Had plenty of seating and still had comfortable chairs

Went in with the Mrs. while doing the weekend thing and was disappointed they didn't have any pumpkin spice.
The kicker here is the reason we were given.
We were told that they would not have anymore until next year because pumpkin spice was only for the fall and it was now winter.
What?
Where did they get their calendar?
The seasonally challenged clerk then asked the Mrs. what "other" holiday drinks she liked.
If pumpkin spice is only for the fall and they stop offering it prior to Thanksgiving because it is now "winter", what "holiday" was she referring to?
Halloween?
Labor Day?
I have been to numerous Starbucks since this visit and they ALL were able to proudly offer pumpkin spice.
Even Mickey D's is offering pumpkin spice now.
It is obviously a favorite flavor of many and in high demand.
How can the mother of all coffee places drop the ball and not have pumpkin spice at the ready the week leading up to Thanksgiving?
The poor clerk was obviously just trying to cover somebody's ordering blunder with her feable attempt at explaining why they did not have any pumpkin spice, but made herself look a little foolish in the process.
I will, however, be back, as it is Starbucks and I love my cup of joe.
The Mrs. will have to find a new location, though, until next year when this location gets a new shipment of pumpkin spice.

Normally I would give this location 4 stars, however, they've really gone downhill the last few times I visited since something has gone wrong with my order each time.
I frequent this location all time time since it's right down the street from my house, so it's easy to hit it up on the way to work.
If you go inside it's usually empty since everyone piles up in the drive thru in the mornings.
If you wait in the drive thru line you might have to wait behind 5-6 cars, sometimes more!
I am a regular at Starbucks so of course I have gold status.
However at this location they frequently forget when you tell them you're redeeming a drink reward and I have gotten charged the last few times even after telling them that I was trying to redeem my free drink.
They also seem to have a lot of employee turnover here because there has been someone different at the register lately and some of them don't know what they're doing.
Today after ordering a breakfast sandwich, I sat down for 10-15 min and never had my name called.
I went back to the cashier to inquire about my sandwich, telling them I never got it and all he said was "really?
what kind was it again?
" Then 2 min later I magically got my sandwich with no apologies or acknowledgement that I had been waiting forever and was now running late for work.
In the future I will try to frequent other Starbucks locations instead of this one, but this one is just too close to my house to avoid.
Hopefully they begin training their staff better and fix these issues.

Service has gotten a lot better and more consistent the last couple months I've been by here.
It's still the most convenient Starbucks for me since it's right around the corner from my house, so I come here a lot.
Would defnitely still recommend going inside because the drive thru line here is always out of control.
Either way, once you order, your drink should come out pretty fast...the issue is just waiting your turn to order!

I usually go through the drive thru, but if there is a huge line, I will go inside.
The drive thru service is nice.
Staff quite friendly.
When you go inside, they are not quite as friendly.
Kinda odd since its the same people.
I suppose it is easier to be friendly over an intercom than in person?
Other than that this is your typical Starbucks.
Parking near the store is tight.
My only real gripe is they have a limited food menu since most of the items are gone unless you are there in the morning.

