Dairy Queens are plentiful and I've been to hundreds of them, from state to state.
Most of them have problems with cleanliness and staff, though occasionally you'll find an awesome one that is run with care.
Despite their track record, there are some base expectations that need to be met when you go to a place like this.
It's nothing major really.
If you can grab some ice cream and not be disgusted or angry by the time you leave, you're usually alright.
This location couldn't even accomplish the basics.
Five high school girls were working the place, could not care less about their menial jobs, with no management presence to speak of.
While they talked, handled money, and used the phone, a 10 year old that didn't work there was making all the orders.
She looked confused and overwhelmed as a line of customers were filing through.
The actual employees?
Not doing much.
22 minutes to get a blizzard.
Twenty-two.
I'd never waited so long for ice cream in my life.
Wasn't made properly at all, so the taste was sullied as well.
That's why I'm taking the time to write a review of a _Dairy Queen_.
Boo this location.

I'm not sure exactly where out DQ's are out here in the Bay.
But it was a late night, and it was hot, I've already eaten dinner, wanted something sweet.
I'm not a real dessert fan...I'd rather eat FOOD.
I was gonna get a blizzard or something, but opted for a cherry 'rush' think slushie....something wasn't quite right....wasn't icey enough for me, maybe because they cut the machine off, considering they were closing in 10min.
but so what....  but it sure wasn't nothing that my Effen black cherry vodka couldn't fix!!!!
a good nite it was :)

What is with the employees at this place?
We have been here a few times because.... well I'll be honest.... we're Blizzard addicts and it's the closest DQ to our house now that the one on Tropical closed down.
But if we weren't the hard core Blizzard fans we are...
I would NEVER give this place my business.
Every time we walk through the door, the teenagers working behind the counter act like we are irritating them with our very existence.
One night we got there about 45 minutes before closing time and as we were sitting there trying to enjoy our ice cream, they put up all the chairs onto the tables around us and kept staring at us like we were keeping them late.
Seriously?
This place needs some kind of management to step in and whip the employees into shape...  Or I might have to start driving all the way down to the DQ on Tenaya and Alexander.
At least the employees are friendly there.

I was craving for some ice cream and came upon this DQ, big mistake.
As we walked in their were 3 employees chatting, no biggy.
No friendly welcome, that's fine.
As I was ordering the young man took my orders, but was totally not paying any attention because as I was ordering he was busy talking to the other employee making the ice creams.
The other employee left to talk to some chick.
Anyway, I ordered a chocolate covered strawberry sundae, ehhh where the heck is the strawberries?
There were only 2 small pieces of strawberries.
I am never going back to this DQ, they are rude and can't even get an order right.

I ordered two blizzards that were on special per television spots.
The employee gave me the price I reminded him about the special.
He argued that it ended yesterday and I pointed out it was on TV today.
I told him I did not want both then and he rolled his eyes.etc.
I asked to speak to someone else and then when the female employee came over I explained the situation and she did not apologize but offered for me to keep both blizzards.
Was not the point so I declined.
The male employee who left to go in the back then peered his head out and kept eyeing me like he wanted a fight.
I asked the manager in charge for the phone number of the owner so I could call him.
They gave me the owners name , Alan, and a phone # which turns out to be the number of the store and not his phone number that I asked for.
Needless to say, when I saw the other reviews on here, I was not surprised and I will also not be back.

dirty behind the counter!
yuk.
instead of sitting in the DQ, we preferred sitting out back by the garbage dump.
But, hey, on the plus side, we found a good spot to drop off spare recycles.

I popped in for an Orange Julius smoothie.
The employee was busy by herself and was blending someone else's drink and dessert, but she never acknowledged me that there would be a wait...so I just kind of stood around there.
But after she was finished with their order, she took my order and the guy behind me, and the smoothie came out pretty quick.
Not too much wait at all, after the order anyways.
I think they just understaffed at that particular time of day, but then again, the rest of the reviews aren't much different or worse than mine, so maybe it's more than that.

Great service.
The server was pleasant and courteous.
Delicious!
Nice clean location in centennial hills.

Delightful service this location has plenty of things that make you blow your diet altogether.
I've started my diet over now say 6 times and it was all because of the goodness that DQ has to offer.
Burgers, soda, Ice cream, shakes, ok I will stop the list because we all have been to DQ before.
But the staff are professional the food hot & good.
Unless its ice-cream related then its cold and good.
I rate it three stars total.

This is the  worst dairy queen in the valley.
Service is slow and the place is dirty.
Dont waste your money.
Spend it  elsewhere.

Not sure why this DQ is getting such bad reviews.
I've never had a problem when coming here, although I've only ordered ice cream and desserts and have yet to order actual food here.
There's never a line/crowd when I come here and I always get my order quickly.
The ice cream is so creamy and delicious and my go to is a medium vanilla cone which is huge!

Poor service.
It took over a minute for him to get to the register with no greeting.
The lone employee was on his phone and had to call them back because customers arrived.
The order was correct.
The dessert was good (hard for him to mess that up).
The bathroom was messy with no trash bag in the can.
The common area was average.

This DQ sucks!!!
Lazy teens working there.
Went on Wednesday night and they are out of chocolate ice cream???
You sell ice cream how the hell do you run out?
Or are you lazy and not want to make more.
I hope this one closes down it's a waste of time and space.

Do me a favor, don't bs me to my face or next time I'm going to raise hell.
You tell me there's no cheesecake?
Lol really?
Lets be real, You didnt wanna go to the back and get it because youre lazy.
Went by fast.
3 people working so it went quick.
Only positive

I feel like you are lucky if there is not a line when you go because you are going to wind up waiting forever to get your order!
If there is a line then just forget the whole thing entirely!
If you do wait for your order and decide to eat it there, good luck finding a table that is not all sticky.
The whole dinning area needs a good scrub down, everything is dirty and sticky.
Now that Yuki is open across the street it's much cheaper and quicker to grab some Thrifty's!

