I just moved from out of state, so I've been looking for a cleaners close to home and stopped in to speak with someone.
They told me that dry-cleaned pants were $7, and shirts were $6.
When I asked why their prices were so high, the girl at the front replied in a snotty way "I don't set the prices" and told me they were a "high-end cleaners", which, by my guess, just means expensive.
After hearing about the prices and getting some pretty pathetic customer service, I decided to go elsewhere.
After speaking with my sister about this, she more than justified my choice not to use them--she told me they send out their clothing and had lost several expensive pieces of her clothing when she used them.
Don't bother paying their high prices, regardless of their "Best of LV" status...

$2.80 laundered men's shirts, $12.10 dress, $6.80 women's sweater, $7 men's pants, $6 men's sweater.
Go online and print off coupons from their website before you bring your clothes in.
Cleaning done off-site, so no same day service.
Clothes done by 6-6:30pm the next day.
Honestly I go here only when I'm feeling too lazy to save the $$ to drive to NV Cleaners.

Great service!

Having relocated and moved away from my previous cleaners, I dropped off a two piece suit for dry cleaning.
$15.00 for two pieces is way too high, especially when I used to get it done $5.00 with same day service.
I haven't been to Al Phillips in years and don't plan to return again.
Their prices would indicate they have cornered the market and have a monopoly.
That is not the case.
Many other places to chose from in the area.
I have experienced better service and prices at the small "mom and pop" shops.

I reluctantly dropped my husbands pants and shirts off for service..  Knowing they charge an exorberant $7 to drycleaner pants, I showed the manager my 25% off coupon from THEIR WEBSITE..
Needing them back same day, I new I would have to pay a little more than the $2.25 at Flairs Cleaners.
$3 more for my laziness...
OKAY.
AGAIN, when I pick them up, the price I expected to pay is NOT what I'm told I have to:  "Sorry...  We stopped taking electronic coupons and have to have paper ones now.
The manager should have told you".
This Is the THIRD time this has happened.
NOW I AM Upset...
There has to be something done about this.
For one..
I will NEVER step foot in this establishment again.
The BAIT AND SWITCH laws must apply to these low life cleaners also, right?
I will be looking into this and filing a complaint or suit...
This is absolutely ridiculous..  Because my only alternative??
"You don't have to pick them up"...  Sure IDIOTS; you'd like that wouldn't you?
Your establishment is NOT THE "BEST OF VEGAS"..  Because If that is true...
This town is nothing like I thought.
Stay clear of them..  Or insist on PRE-PAYING.
That's what I'm doing everywhere I go.
You're not holding my clothes hostage anymore!

