I have to visit this place every time I'm in town!!!
I order a medium turkey sandwich with cheese, mayo, onions and seasonings.
That's it!
The turkey is roasted fresh daily.
They shred it there.
The bread is always fresh and tasty.
Sometimes you'll have to wait a while for your sandwich, but let me tell you, it is worth waiting for!
By far, one of the best sandwiches in town.
I wish we had them in Southern California.
They put Subway and Quizno's to shame.

Capriotti's has the best turkey sub in all of America.
They roast their turkeys everyday and the white rolls are of top quality.
Go ahead and order the two footer you won't be disappointed.
That's a whole days worth of food right there.

They say a sandwich can make or break a day.
OK, maybe not.
I say that, but by the amount of sandwiches I eat at Capriotti's, I may qualify for a "they".
When I moved to Vegas back in November, I saw a bunch of these Capriotti's locations around town.
I also happened to see a Thrillist article about a new location in Beverly Hills (I moved here from LA).
I paid a visit to this location, and I've been back MANY times.
I follow the company on Twitter (@capriottis) and even won a free sub for being a follower.
Very interactive company and they WANT your business.
But I digress...  Their signature is obviously The Bobbie.
Pulled Turkey, Cranberry Sauce, Stuffing and Mayo.
Divine.
Heavenly.
Any other words that describe it?
Angelic and pristine?
It'll turn your tongue into Niagara Falls.
Also the Grilled Italian, which I wont bother describing, because it's an experience all to itself.
As is the Capostramie.
Aside from the great sandwiches, you have your choice of Wise chips, and TASTYKAKES!
Prepare for an experience.
It's worth the calories.

OK so I love a bobbie, i'll repeat I love a bobbie and I am a sucker for turkey day leftovers.
That being said I would give this place 1 star if it wasn't for that one sandwich.
Their bread is dry, the prices are kind of expensive and the service in any of the caps I have ever been to isn't anything spectacular (I have been to this one the most).
I guess the cap pastrami is OK too but their cold subs are tasteless, just horrible, and this is usually my favorite type of sandwich especially on a hot summer day.
I recently got a small turkey sandwich with all the fixings and I ate half of it and I just gave up on it, it might have been the worst turkey sandwich I have ever had in my like and I am not fooling.
The bread is the most important part of a sandwich and that is the number one thing caps is lacking, also their toppings on cold subs are plain so the whole thing comes over as boring filler.

As close to Philly and NY as you can get.
Great sandwiches.

Let me start by writing that I LOVE Capriotti's, but not lately.
I always get a turkey sub with absolutely everything on it, messy and dripping with all of the toppings.
The sandwich is usually busting with turkey, not deli turkey, but real turkey.
However, the last few times I've gotten it the amount of turkey was minimal - barely there.
Very disappointing given that I appreciated the good value the sandwiches have always been.
Unfortunately, with the new owners I think they have instituted a new policy about the amount of meat you get.
So, it's no longer delectable or a good value.
How sad.
I may have to drive to another location to see if it's a corporate-wide policy.
I hope not.

Stopped by for Lunch the other day.
This particular location has a handful of tables and chairs inside.
When I went, there were only a few people in the joint.
I ordered a Small (9") Italian Sub (Genoa Salami, Capacola, Prosciutini) w/Hot Peppers, Provolone, Mustard, Mayo, Pickles, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions.
Also had a bag of Jalapeno Chips and Bottled Water to go with the Sandwich.
The food came out a few minutes later and I dove right in.
As usual, it was a sloppy meal with stuff falling out of the Sandwich.
The ingredients were fresh and tasty.
For some reason, even though it's a Small Sandwich, it's always very filling.
Over the years Capriotti's has declined somewhat.
It use to blow me away, now that it's been franchised I think their ingredients have lost some quality....can't support that with fact, only my opinion after eating at various Capriotti's for over 17 yrs.
Will I return?
Probably, but won't crave it like I use to.

man i just came from work an stop by an got me a mushroom an beef with cheese... omg sooo good... with chips an drink to wash it down... i didn't take a breather just scarfed it...  u'll love it!

If you've never had a Capriotti's, you've got at least one great & low-cost event left in this town of overdone 99-cent prime rubbery ribs!
Their sandwiches inhabit the opposite spectrum of that boring and lame eatery scale -- they're big, they're seriously delicious, and there's a variety so you can always try to get a new one!
Try is implied because after having your first Bobbie or Capastrami, you may not want to edge out into the equally good Italian or heart-obliterating Cheesesteak.
But you should -- if only to prove to yourself you are good at making decisions!

Ok, so I am NOT a fan of Delis AT ALL none..
I hate strange meat,meat thats been laying out under someone breathing all over it.. chopped meat that someone else has touched..blah, blah blah..Im a freak, I know.
However, I was lured into this shop with a friend who swears that this place is the END ALL.
I of course will have a bite of his because I am a snob who doesn't eat stuff like that.
lol!
He had to restrain me from demolishing his Capastrami Sandwich.
That had to be THE BEST sandwich that ever crossed my lips.
Tender meat, perfect coleslaw, perfect melted cheese and the bread?
Fugetaboutit!
Seriously.That sandwich made my heart happy!
:o)  My only complaint is it wasn't hand fed to me by a rippling man in a loin cloth with my drink...lol!

Bobby!
Cole Turkey!!!
Slawbie Joe!!!!!!
Oh shit, you guys have no clue what I'm talking about if you've never been to Capriotti's.
Their standard subs including homemade turkey and homemade roast beef are fantastic by themselves but their specialty sandwiches are what really elevates this place to epic status.
The Bobby is the standard Turkey Dinner sub including turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing.
Everything seems homemade and delicious and the price for what you're eating is really hard to beat.
The Cole Turkey and Slawbie(sp?
) Joe both have a base of Russian dressian and a really yummy coleslaw, the only difference being that one is Turkey and one is Roast Beef.
I wonder which is which?
Hmmmm  Anything you order here will make your stomach happy so go nuts!
Sadly, this location is run by young kids who basically get your order wrong one out of every 3 times so beware.
Capriotti's as a whole gets 5 stars but I'll knock off half a star for the haphazard service.

I think the staff is nicer at the other Capriotti's I've reviewed.
Also this one has a long and open layout where you can smell the food going a lot more....today it was kinda smoky.
Oddly, this one doesn't have a public restroom either so bring wipes if you get messy with your sammies.
There's not much to say that most people already don't know.
I like Thanksgiving dinner a lot and do have cravings for the Bobby and know it's pretty consistent.
I'll probably be back to this location since it's the closest to mom and grandma in laws house, but I prefer the location by home much more.

I gotta say the Bobbie has to be one of my favorite sandwiches ever.
I absolutely love all the componets that make the sandwich.
Especially the cranberry I appreciate the fact it's not the jello like stuff you get in a can.
For me it's what makes the sandwich.
The capstrami is another good sandwich.

The one by South Point was that I first I found & assume each is just as good since its cookie cutter.
LOVED the food.
Didn't get to order here because they wouldn't let me use the restroom first.
People are eating everywhere inside on tables and chairs and outside on the table and chairs so its obviously not a take out only establishment.
POOR POLICY.
Its not like its a store where I can steal in there?

First time here and ordered the Bobbie, Thanksgiving dinner on a bun (turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, mayo).
Bread was fresh and everything was seasoned nicely.
We got the medium size (12") and wow, it must have weighed about 2 pounds!
Plenty of food for myself and my hubby.
We were the only ones in the shop at the time, so our order was processed pretty quickly.
I don't know how busy this place gets, but I believe one should phone in one's order to save time.
Something I noticed: the floors were a little bit dirty, not so much to dissuade me from trying a sandwich, but just enough to wonder why it wasn't cleaner, especially when there was time and opportunity to attend to it?
I'll come here again to try a different sandwich....and to see if the floor's cleaner.

Cappriotti's would get five stars from me because they are super delicious however the problems with Carpiottis is that they are so friggin' slow I''m pretty sure they are like dry aging their ham for each individual order or something.
Trust though, I am not one of those reviewers who had one bad experience and suddenly wants to use yelp as my soap box to put a business on blast.
Every...time...I...order...it...takes.....f....o..r..e..v...e...r.
I'm down to wait like 10 15 minutes (ala In N Out Burger) but it seems like Cappriottis takes like 1/2 an hour for a sandwich like ever time.
I would say if you really really love their food definitely call ahead, if not you will be sitting around for forever.

Bad service, food is great

Top notch location!
Anybody who has lived here long enough and loves Capriotti's knows that this is a old school location.
Who knew it would grow to be so big and have locations all over?
I did!
Well, I dreamed haha.
It is nice to have a Caps nearby no matter what area of town I am working so I can grab lunch.
Always clean inside and the staff are very friendly.
I usually call my order in for convenience.This location can be so busy.
The "Capastrami" is my fav.
If you love pastrami, coleslaw, and thousand island dressing then this is the sandwich for you.
I love to stop by before heading to the nearby Doc Romeo park.
The paper they wrap the sandwiches in carries well.
My man tries the "Cheese Steak" and I sampled a bite.
It isn't a true cheese steak and would go elsewhere for that type of sandwich.
Good thing there is a variety of options.
They have vegetarian options too!
The parking lot is sometimes cramped but who cares when you know you're going to eat one of these delicious gems?!?

I have been to this shop twice.
The first order was a philly cheese steak, no onions, no peppers.
Got peppers and onions.
Strike one.
Yesterday Ordered two sandwiches, a 20" ham and turkey, got a 9' ham and roast beef.
Strike two.
second sandwich was an italian no peppers.
Got peppers.
Strike three.
Should be able to expect a simple sandwich order to be correct.
It's a sandwich shop, not a restaurant with 75 choices of entrees and salads, etc.
Go to Port of Subs just over the bridge at cheyenne and rainbow.
Faster service and the sandwich is correct.
Damn construction.

Just OK.
It used to be better.

I love Capriotti's in general, and you can find what I have to say about them here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/capriottis-sandwich-shop-las-vegas#hrid:L4A9oqiJjf3XwTohxPdN4A/src:self  For this location in particular...
I wasn't too fond of it.
We happened to be in the area and stopped for a quick dinner.
The employees weren't the friendliest, there are three tables to sit at, and the store seemed like it could use a good scrub (floors especially).
Bonus points for fountain drinks and free water.

Crappy customer service!
They were out of stuffing but didn't say anything.
After 10 mins waiting I asked what we were waiting for and they said the stuffing would be just 5 more mins.
Waited a total of 25 mins and they had forgotten my order.
Other people got their bobbies that they ordered after me before I did.
I asked for the manager and he had been standing there the whole time and didn't even offer an apology until I said something to him.
I don't care how far I have to go out of my way I won't be going back to this location.
This is a privately owned franchise location and I hope the manager cares enough to train his employees better and not lose money out of his pocket.

I really don't care much for this sandwich shop I think Jimmy Johns's is better, anyhow my fiance loves the bobbie and I get suckered into it every so often.
The wait is so long that you could almost buy a turkey cook it yourself and make a sandwich no kidding.
We ordered a large bobbie and it took 25 minutes to get.
Their excuse was they ran out of stuffing!
NO communication and when my fiance complained to the manager they didn't care.
I despise all the Capriotti's if they went bankrupt no loss.
Jimmy Johns's is way better!

I luv capriottis at other locations but the staff at this one is WEAK!
They are slow and unorganized.
The head girl who seems to be in charge most times I go doesnt keep things flowing well like the other locations around town.
Take some pride in the art of sandwich making and customer service!
Your customers are paying around $10 for a combo meal...You chose to work there, don't be miserable, gloomy, and lazy.
I hope they step it up cuz I love the location

If you feel like eating a sandwich you definitely have to come to capriotti's.. they offer several different options but their most popular are their capastrami and their Bobby (must to try it) the mix of the ingredients does not sound that good, but believe me once you put it on your mouth you will love it.

Good sandwiches but horrible service.
Staff of young boys are rude and unprofessional.

I was a bit skeptical of this little sandwich shop but a local friend of mine raved about it.
As far as a sandwich shop goes I'd say it's good.
The one thing I really enjoyed was the cole slaw on a number of the special sandwiches.
It added a lot of moistness and crunch to an otherwise standard sandwich.
Pretty good for a quick bite.
I recommend the Capistrami.
Very tasty!

I like this location.
It is close to home, always clean, and the staff are friendly.
That is my trifecta right there!
The sandwiches are huge and super tasty.
The Bobbie is amazing and everyone needs to eat it at least once in their lifetime.
If you don't, it's like a life half lived.
The cheesesteak is really good too.
My husband's favorite is the Capastrami.
Do yourself a favor and swing by for an awesome sandwich that will make your tummy happy.

Gave this place another shot.
1st time at this location.
Walked in and was greeted right away.
Got the grilled Italian.
Was better this time.
Good amount of meat.
Liked it grilled.
Would be better if bun was toasted too, because it got very soggy.
Went there about 3 o'clock and was the only customer.
There were at least a half-dozen employees there which seemed a little overstaffed for the time.
Overall I'm still not impressed with Capriotti's.
Idk what people are thinking when they rate this place the best for subs.
More and more I'm convinced people from Las Vegas are crazy.

The Bobbie, aka The World's Most Delicious Sandwich Ever.
That is all.

The bobby is the best sandwich ever made!
I love it.
$20 for a 20 inch sandwich is a great deal, half for now half for later.
Can never go wrong with a great pulled turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce, stuffing, and added lettuce.
If you never been you must go!

What can I say... the Bobbie NEVER disappoints me!
I love this place... what more can I say?

Got a Bobbie and Homemade Turkey, last customer for the night; they were delicious!
Consistency is key!

