They made us a nice design but obviously had no idea which plants should go where.
They put a drought tree in the middle of our grass which obviously needs to be watered a lot more than a drought tree.
Placed Palms requiring room for growth on top of eachother.
We had to replace most plants within 6 months.
The grass they planted was not properly installed so we still struggle to this day keeping it alive.
We were suppose to have a 1 year warranty on all plants.
When we called because plants were dying we never received a phone call back.
Now that we replaced most plants on our own they are growing beautifully.
I would highly highly highly recommend going with another company.

Living Water over-delivered on every promise and commitment they made to us!
They were flexible with their design and actually listened to what we wanted and needed in our backyard landscaping.
They even did a flexible design so that we could later add the elements that we really wanted, but couldn't afford at this time.
They were not the least expensive, but they were the only ones that we got estimates from who were consistently professional, on-time and delivered on their expertise!
The crew was polite, professional and made our patio and yard look amazing!
They finished in about 1/2 the time that they promised and even took care of approval from the HOA for us as part of their pricing!
As somebody who has been a customer service trainer for over 20 years, I can honestly say that this company knows how to deliver on customer service!
I can't wait to use them again for our outdoor kitchen and hot tub!!
Living Water was worth every penny we paid and we recommended them to all of our neighbors!!!
Kudos to Mark, Luis and team for a beautiful, professional, timely job on our patio design, installation and landscaping!
I could not be happier!

Great experience with LIving Waters!!
Living Waters (Mark McLoone) just finished an extensive landscaping project at my North Las Vegas home...re-landscaping the entire property, adding a walled courtyard and hardscape, a sidewalk from the courtyard to the backyard, and in the backyard, extensive hardscape and landscaping.
Specifically: Front of house -  * Re-landscaped entire front of house * Modified existing irrigation system and added an automatic fertilization system * Added boulders to the landscape * Wired and installed various 12 volt landscape lighting on a timer with a control box * Built and painted a three foot high, stucco courtyard with two entrances, pilasters and coach lights * Built a sidewalk from the driveway to the courtyard * Built custom half-circle steps with lighting from the street to the courtyard * Installed custom patio paver design with two types of pavers...one in a 10 foot circle shape surrounded by the other type of paver (see pictures) * Sealed all hardscape Side of house - * Installed and sealed a paver walkway from the front to back of the house  Back of house - * Installed extensive hardscape over much of the backyard * Installed retaining walls to provide a sculpted landscaping effect and serve as planters * Installed lighted waterfall with automatic re-fill * Installed a hardscape pilasters at the base of a large, custom awning (his partner, Ace Awning built the awning)  * Built a raised circular sitting area in front of the waterfall * Built a fire pit with a hardscape sitting wall with pilasters behind it * Installed and painted a large grill island with grill, side burner, refrigerator and seating * Built a concrete block snail wall to separate the living space from the utility area (air conditioners, etc.
) * Installed all landscaping including landscaping boulders, gravel, 12 volt lighting, drip irrigation, timers, decorative pots and automatic fertilization * Installed French drains and rerouted drain pipes * Installed natural gas line to grill, fire pit and two heat lamps * Sealed all hardscape   Details... We met Mark at a landscaping show and were impressed with his work and personality.
We bid out the project to two companies, and LW produced by far the better design.
We worked and tweaked the design several times to arrive at a design we really liked and could afford...and Mark worked closely with us making adjustments along the way.
He used a landscaping program that allowed him to create 3D movies of the landscape design and then uploaded to YouTube.
This was extremely helpful so we could view (and have friends and family view) the designs and evolve our thinking.
LW then handled all correspondence and approvals with the HOA...which was a huge benefit.
LW arrived to break ground as scheduled, with a crew of 6-8.
They came every morning between 7 and 7:30 and worked until between 4 and 5pm.
Very hard working guys...short breaks...no sitting around...no wasting our money.
We ran into several things during the construction that we hadn't thought about.
For example, just as they were starting installation of the pavers, we mentioned to Mark that we were thinking about putting in a spa on top of the hardscape under our balcony...and he suggested they run the conduit for wiring before the hardscape was installed.
So within an hour that was done and the hardscape was underway!
The LW supervisor was great and very accommodating.
Mark was on site every couple days to inspect the work and usually was more critical than we were.
He has a very high standard that he expects his projects to meet...and boy did they!
The nice thing about working with LW is the personal touch they provide.
When I visited some of the projects they had done, I noticed that these customers dialoged with Mark like he was their friend, not just a supplier.
That personal touch is what sold me on working with them.
He probably isn't the cheapest (although certainly very competitive), but he produces high quality work that he stands behind and will fix any problems long after he has received his final payment.
He worked with us very closely, helping craft the design that met our dreams AND our budget.
It turned out GREAT!
I would highly recommend Living Waters.

