Like most Robertos this place was very dirty, and they tried to rip me off $10 in change.
The food is quick and reasonable, which is why it gets two whole stars.
But the food is half rate and its not an amazing atmosphere.
Let's just say you should wait until your drunk to visit this place!

Super clean.
Friendly service.
If you're looking for all that faux Mexican ambiance, look elsewhere.
This is a taco stand,  cheap tables and chairs.
I didn't come for atmosphere, I came  to eat.
My chorizo & egg breakfast was flavorful.
Rice had good texture and flavor.
Beans were delicious as well.
My breakfast companion had hard shell chicken tacos, and she thought they were extremely tasty.
Good (and cheap) food, clean tables.
I will definitely be back.

I came here one wed night for the 99 cent tacos and the night crew was way too lax.
They were unfriendly and unsanitary.
This guy comes from the back washes his hands for 2.5 and proceeds to make my tacos.
I looked past that.
He gets an order for six carne asada tacos, this is where it gets interesting.
He reaches in a metal drawer, pulls out a scoop full of raw carne asada, drops it on the grill, drops the scoop back in the drawer and lastly proceeds to put lettuce and cheese on my tacos.
Gross, que no?
So I address him about it and he looks at me like I am crazy.
The cashier approaches me asking what's the problem, I tell him what's up.
They have words, of course in Spanish.
He then tries to convince me that the tacos are OK because he used a scoop not his hands.
(the same scoop that was already in the meat and he dropped back into the meat) I told him that was unacceptable.
He looks at me and say's, "so you want your money back?"...
Actually no I wanted some clean dang tacos.
But whatever.
I took back my money and got outta there.
I have yet to return there are too many Roberto's out here to have to deal with negligence.

This is one of the nicer Roberto's I've been to.
I usually order carne asada fries or the California burrito, but the other day I saw my co-workers eating some taquitos and that made me crave it ever since.
So since I was determined I came to this location on a Wednesday night.
As I look at the menu I remember they call their taquitos rolled up tacos instead.
I order the special that comes with guac and beans as well.
I get excited when I get my food and dig in.
The rolled up tacos were rather dry?
The beans were decent and the chicken taco had a whatever taste.
I do like the fact they put cheese all over the servings.
I don't think I will order this again and stick to my usual choices of fries or California burrito.
Although last time I had the fries I wasn't that impressed either?

I am not really reviewing the food per se...everyone has had Roberto's, and everyone knows you can find better Mexican food elsewhere.
But when Tacos El Gordo is closed at 3am, this is the first place some people think of when they want salty mexican food lol.
We ordered the old favorite, the carne asada fries...which come in a huge tub for about $7-8.
They are huge, and two hungry people can pound em out and not need more.
The restaurant wasn't busy, so the food came out fairly fast, but their was a little bit of food on the ground and the bathroom was a mess.
They probably run a thin crowd at night, but somebody trashed it and it wasn't cleaned by the time I got there.
It is a solid place to eat late, but if you are coming down here during the day time, you can do a LOT better

This Robertos location hovers between 2 and 3 stars.
But, because it has on occasion sunk to 2 I'll have to go there.
Why ?
I've had to ask a worker to please not mop the floor with bleach while I'm  eating at table.
You'd  think that would be common sense but I guess not.
I hate to be an asshat but I just dont find clorox appetizing.
On a recent visit,  I ordered 5 rolled tacos with everything.
Usually pretty dang good for a quick lunch -- well these rolled tacos had a noticeably fishy odor and taste to them so I'm assuming they were deep fried in oil used for fish,  instead of dropped in his ( the cooks ) gf 's panties.
I did not finish the tacos,  but the dogs loved them.
Later,  I had a hellacious case of the squirts.
Explosive.
Smelly.
And dangerous.
I've  sworn off Robertos for awhile,  but I know I'll  be back at some point,  sorta like that nasty sexy booty call at 2 am.
Lots of things sound better at zero dark thirty than they do in broad daylight.

This is one of my two Go To Roberto's.
Good consistent, and always polite.
Thus one does get very crowded.
Make a new fiend so you can share a table crowded.
But....
Rolled Tacos.
Nuff said.

No complaints about the burrito I just ate, it was pretty good!
But, one thing I noticed on my way out that bothered me is that the cook didn't wear gloves, that's so so so unsanitary and it made my stomach turn :(

I love this place every single time I come they have always been consistent the amount of money that you spend at Taco Bell you get double the food and have leftovers for the next day.... Worth every penny!

First and last time coming here.
Uncle lives just up the street so I figured we stop by for some tacos.
Food was okay.
No complaints there.
Now the cashier taking our order was absolutely rude.
I'm sorry if you dislike your job but don't take your frustration out on others .

I don't know about the night crew.
I order chicken tacos.
The cook dropped my tacos in the grease and proceeded to scoop raw carne asada from a drawer that had the metal scoop already in it.
After butting the scoop back in the meat and placing it on the grill he starts putting lettuce and cheese on my tacos.
Uhhh.
No.
No.
No bro.
That's not gonna work.
I told the person behind the counter and rather than address the issue and offer to make it right he flat out asked if I wanted my money back.
Rude!
I sure do tho.

