I know I'm going to lose any credibility I've built for this review but I don't care.
Why a 5 stars?
Because I can't give six stars for my beloved 99c soft serve ice cream.
It's the best desert I can think of after any meal.
If I could purchase their machine and recipe for the ice cream, It would be sitting in my kitchen this minute.
99c for 99 calories of perfect treat.
I know there are tons of soft serve ice cream out there but Micky D makes it just right to my taste.
Packed at least 6 inches high on a tiny cone.
It's not to watery, not too creamy.
Not too soft and not too hard.
Not too sweet.
It takes me 10 minutes to get through the whole cone and I do savor those 10 minutes.
How many deserts can you think of that takes more than 3 minutes to devour.
Pies, cakes, puddings, cookies nope!
Ah..If only I can have a cone now...  (Note: That's why I befriended Mike P. He's standing next to my perfect desert ) http://www.yelp.com/user_photos?userid=jo8vV5iUZLHp617cTKZ7mA&select=DVKynf25Qs0KCXhXbtPrDw&return_url=/user_details%3Fuserid%3Djo8vV5iUZLHp617cTKZ7mA

It's McDonalds.
Cheap, quick breakfast.
That's about its use.
They have free wifi if you like this place.

Love McDonalds to the end.
Review based on location.
Star 1: Right inside the Boca Park plaza.
Hungry after window shopping or messin around at Guitar Center?
Come on down!
Star 2: The parking lot is spaciously awesome, and the location feels safe.
Star 3: The seating is roomy.
Had a party of 9 for a meeting.
It's pretty chill on Monday nights.
Star 4: It's McDonalds man.
Who can beat the dollar menu?!
I love it when the fries are still hot when you eat 'em..
They weren't this time..

When all you have to do is select an icon to complete a patrons order one should expect that service would be good.
Somehow they never seem to get it right.

Rude, sloow crew.
You would think that when the place is empty you could run in and out.
Instead employees ignore you, even if you ask for service directly.
Stay away.

exactly what the stars say.
MEH.
i realize that it is just mcdonalds, but i have definitely experienced better.
everytime i come through here the employees are very monotonous and the fries are cold.
seriously, the fries are the best part of mcdonalds; the least you could do is give me a decent order of hot, salty deliciousness!

It is scary when they know what you're going to order as soon as you walk in?
Yes, I've been here more than a few times

I work in this area, and so sometimes I'll stop by here to get food when I haven't brought anything from home.
Gotta say, they have gotten a lot of new staff and it's really nice now!
Clean, fast, and satisfying.
I usually do large orders because I order for myself and some of my co-workers.
The employees are patient and usually try to tweek my order so that I can get the best price for my food.
Everyone's pretty nice, too.
Their drive-thru is really busy around noon, and totally not worth using.
But in the mornings and late at night, it's super fast and no one has ever forgotten my straws, napkins, or ketchup.
I'm lovin' it!

I stopped in to pick up a side salad to take home rather than make a salad from scratch.
The line at the drive through went very slowly.
I should have parked and walked in.
The salad was fresh and with my own dressing it made a great addition to my meal.
The only problem I have with this McDonald's is the ease of getting in and out.
It isn't easy.
because of the way it sits in Boca Park, the drive through is in the back and you need to watch traffic going to other stores in the next section.
It's not the most easy space.

This place is crazy busy ..
I guess bec of the location and they have that kid playland thing.

I payed a visit to this location's drive thru today and really wasn't impressed.
When I arrived at the window to pay for the order I placed the guy opened the window and just stared at me.
I had to ask him how much I owed so that I could pay for my order.
I guess he just assumed I could understand anything he might have uttered through their high quality drive thru speakers.
The drive through service was extremely slow.
This is one of those places that make you wish you would have parked and walked in because you probably would have gotten your food faster.
The food was typical McDonalds...nothing special.

Disappointed.
Again, another Summerlin McD's just doesn't cut it.
The burgers were tasty (and at least not dry) but not hot.
They were just a bit over room temperature.
Granted, business was slow when we arrived, with only two other guests.
Not sure if we will come back here again.
If we do, maybe we should take our food home and microwave it just a bit.
Ugh.

McDonald's is my go to breakfast joint when I go golfing in the morning.
I grab a couple of Sausage McMuffin's with Cheese so I can fill up before a round of golf.
Since I was golfing at the Badland's Golf Course nearby, I dropped by this location.
I went through the drive thru and it was very fast and efficient and they got my order correct.
Overall, A-OK for a fast food joint.
Return Factor - 50%

It's a McDonalds, not good, not bad.
Playplace was clean, and the people were nice.
I iwsh I could say more about it but nothing stands out, just food, typical temp, typical employees.

It was ok.
It was dirty, and the staff was kind of rude.
Other than that, it was ok.  lol

For some reason everything time I come through the drive threw, they are slow and rude.
Wonder what's happening inside smh

If I could give zero stars I would!
this is the worst location for McDonald's ever!
they never get the orders right

