Just got back home from getting my 30k service on my car here.
My third or fourth time going here.
The past couple were for my oil changes.
The guys seem honest to me and they are very friendly.
It cost a little less than what I had originally expected thanks to a sale they had going on and a LOT less than taking to the dealership.
Would definitely recommend this place and will continue to go there for my service.
FYI - they had oil change on sale for 9.99 Can't beat that!

Shady.
Shady.
Shady.
Went to get my smog inspection first thing asked to pop the hood while still in the parking lot.
Told I have to do all these repairs in order to pass inspection.
Right.
Drove to other inspector's and passed with flying colors.
I maintain my '02 Mercedes C240 diligently so I know there's no engine repairs needed.
Reminded me of the days back in NY where there are no inspection stations and you have to bring your car in to a shop for the day, where they ALWAYS find something wrong with your car before passing the emissions test.
BOOOOOOO!!

Did my oil change for $10 today (incl.
oil and filter).
My total bill was $12 ($2 hazardous waste fee).
Fast service and nice people working there.
Smog test incl.
certificate is also $10.
Will definitely come back for another oil change and future smog test.

Cant beat a $10 smog check.
They try to hit you up for more "services" but you can always just say no.

Our family has been bringing our cars into this place for years, we always felt like they did a good, honest job.
Lately they have really tired to screwed me over.
About 6 months ago my car would shake at high speeds so I brought it into them and they told me I needed new struts for $950.
Luckily my new boss used to be a mechanic, he took a look and said there was no way my fairly new Toyota would need struts this soon and that all I needed was new tires and to have them balanced and rotated.
I took my car in to another shop and that is exactly what they recommended and said my struts were fine, saved me $550.
Then a couple weeks ago I went to get an oil change from Purrfect Auto (I figured there wouldn't be any issues from just getting an oil change) and they had written on my invoice 'Needs new oil gasket $450', but they did not tell me this, it was only written on my invoice.
I was already home when I noticed this on the invoice but didn't call to ask, I just figured they were trying to sell me on some new parts.
So come yesterday my car is leaking oil, my car has never leaked oil.
I had my boss look at my car again.
He lifted it up at his house and we saw that it was the way the guys at Purrfect Auto did my oil change, the oil pan was cracked and they used tape to tape up the hole!!!
And the oil gasket was fine.
I'm having someone else fix the oil pan for $50.
I am never going there again and have already told all of my family members who have went there to never go there again.
My mom was actually on her way to get an oil change from there today and she went somewhere else.

Needed a smog check and saw them off 215/tropicana while driving.
No appointment necessary AND it was done in less than 15 minutes!
Only $15.... And all this time I was going to Jiffy for $20+.
No coupon needed here!

I never go to a business without checking the yelp reviews.
This was the highest reviewed auto service joint around my area so i came here when my a/c crapped out.
Was told I had to pay a $45 a/c check to see what the problem was... paid the 45$ no problem, and of course... the labor for that time as well.
They came back and said that my ports needed to be changed.
At 18$ per port I was fine with that as well.
Apparently there was a leak that needed to be fixed and they'd fill it again no problem... with a charge.... somehow, after the 45$ a/c test and the 2 $18 ports ...
SOMEHOW with labor it came to $260... which I mauled over for an hour whether i wanted them to go through with it or not...
I decided i was already in this deep so i might as well get it all fixed.... my a/c worked for a week then randomly stopped again one morning.
went back in bc of the 10 year warranty... apparently there was some other leak they hadn't 'NOTICED' before... and refuse to give me any compensation or refund or anything without paying more.
THIS PLACE SUCKS.
they told me they 'overlooked' this leak of mine, so basically i gave them $260 for a weeks worth of A/C.

I needed an oil change on my car I so lovingly named Carl yesterday.
I saw a sign advertising a 9.99 oil change so I thought oh why not..Kind of hard to mess up something so simple right?
Umm sooo wrong!
Not only does my car now shake while I drive it I had to take it back because they didn't reset my change oil light.
Trip back to purrfect auto #1(same day) Change oil light is still on so a mechanic comes out and tries to reset it for about 5 minutes with no luck so he says' well I don't know how to reset it' and walks away.
Well ok I Google it and a friend that was with me was able to do it in 30 seconds how ridiculous!!
Trip back #2 (still the same day...) I'm driving down the street and hear a strange noise what could it be you ask??
Well my hub cap cover and a lug nut of course!!
So I take it back and inform them what happened...Any apology or acknowledgment of fault Hahaha Hell no!!
They looked at me like I was crazy!
I'm too afraid to take it back for the shaking it is now doing!
So all in all this was the absolute WORST experience I have EVER had with an auto shop and I will NEVER return and since I work across the street and customers ask me all the time about them I will tell my story and steer everyone far far away from this awful place!

fuck this place.pussy ass chris didn't want to look at my truck today cause excuse was my truck is too old and had problems .i have a 1992 toyota pickup 4x4.well they are mechanics and that bitch refused me cause he fucked my truck up before by tweaking my distributor and causing my truck to overheat.what a pussy bitch whiteboy

Took  my car in for some maintenance issues.
Chris quoted me $450.00 for the repairs.
Parts & labor.
Went home and did a little research.
Ended up repairing it myself in about 20 minutes for $130 in parts.
Doing a little math here, that puts the shop labor rate at $960 per hour.
There's a big difference between running a legit profitable business and fucking your customers.

We get our cars oil serviced here.
They have a fair price and get the job done quickly without any problems.
I have a 2010 Mazda 3 and they did my brakes very well.
I've had no issues.
I definitely plan on going back soon for my 50,000 mile service.

Best prices and superb service.
Got my oil changed in 15 min!!!
Most trustworthy shop.

I got a smog check here for a deal of $9.99, and didn't realize they could do my 90k service here.
$100 out the door.
My car feels good and the customer service was superb.
The girl at the front desk was really outgoing and is super knowledgeable about cars.
The guy who told me about my 90k service was really nice about it too and didn't seem sketchy.
He gave me the opportunity to call my dad and ask if I should get it there or not.
Had a great deal and service from them that day, so they deserve 4 stars.
I'll update my review if anything happens or occurs with my car (knock on wood), but so far so good.

