It's difficult to screw up a blizzard, but this location did.
Lots of vanilla soft-serve with a miniscule amount of mix-ins don't make for a good blizzard.
Especially when I ordered a strawberry cheesequake.
If I only wanted vanilla I would have ordered that.
Major disappointment.

Service was worse than bad.

If could less than one star I would!
A little more than half full, all vanilla for half of that!
I did not get the extra add in I paid for, and it was mostly melted when I opened it.
When I complained the girl told me was the manager and SHE made it.
When I pointed these things out she said she didn't know, she didnt make it!
I will never go here again, and really might skip ALL Dairy Queens.

3 stars breakdown: ~I've been here maybe 7 times and have never got a messed up order or unsatisfactory order ~service at drivethru, night time has always been awesome ~service inside has always been subpar ~and the hours here are ok.
The one on rainbow and charleston had later hours,but it had a massive fire two days ago :(  the negative things could be offset by publishing more coupons/ weekly deals ;)

If it was possible to give 1/2 a star I would.
The staff (all look to be teenagers) could have cared less about the customers.
Two employees were complaining about another employee coming in late.
The sundae I ordered looked like it was slapped together.
My husband said his blizzard was fine.

I know how can I give D.Q.
1 star well if you experienced what I did you'd give em 1 star too.
They had 2 teens workin behind the counter that could've cared less about customer service and making D.Q.
's product the right way / following their recipe.
I ordered 2 medium blizzards (1 for 99cents).
One was the chocolate truffle and the other was their oreo mint.
and they were out of medium cups, the 2 blizzards came out so thin like it was softer then soft serve.
There was NO way I could've turned my cup upside down without it falling out of the cup.
It's ALWAYS been a standard to turn the cup upside down in front of the guest to show the thickness of a blizzard and this was not done.
I felt that because he used a large cup that was HALF full (since they were out of medium) I didn't get the full portion that I paid for either.
I was never offered whip cream on top or a lid or a cup carrier.
I was by myself and had 2 blizzards and a burger and had to carry it in my arms and he looked right at me too.
While I was waiting, there was someone next to me ordering and they were out of walnuts for the ice cream bowl that she wanted, the girl at the register suggested spanish peanuts and the customer didn't know what spanish peanuts were.
The girl LITERALLY rolled her eyes walked over and put a spanish peanut on the spoon and BARELY turned to face the customer to show her.
I almost spoke up at that point since I'm a restaurant manager.
These idiots behind the counter are RUINING this place and I will NEVER go back to this location again.
This was not the D.Q.
experience that made this place famous and if I was the manager/owner I'd fire them immediately and find new applicants and explain to them YOUR expectations as the manager of this business because you are losing customers.
Look at your reviews...
They speak for themselves.

I have been to this dairy queen a handful of times and upon reading the other reviews I was highly disappointed....i just came home with my food the other day telling my hubby how incredibly nice they are at this location...my order is always fresh and so flawless (considering I don't really eat fast food to watch my boyish figure that's a compliment ) i can hardly go pick up food for others from here without ordering my own.
They always make my blizzards that are full of all my add ins (i never feel ripped off) last so they are nice and thick one of the gentlemen working offered me tons of condiments at no extra charge and the "teenagers" actually were respectful enough to offer me help to my car with all my bags i have no complaints and think the other ratings are kinda harsh

No bueno.
The service was okay, no smiles or friendly attitudes.
The cashier was more interested in talking to some guy (i assume a friend) who had showed up.
I can't stand when people don't do their job and would rather socialize instead your getting paid for a service so give it!
The blizzards were delicious, like always.
Got to love the buy 1 get the 2nd for 99 cents!
We also got the new strawberry chocolate sundae which was heavenly.
Not coming back to this DQ.

No problems here!
Service was friendly, and a small Banana Cream Blizzard and medium Chocolate-Dipped Cone were well prepared.
Sometimes nothing satisfies better or refreshes more for dessert than Dairy Queen ice cream.
This was one of those times!

Never had a problem with this DQ.
Great blizzards.
Food took a little while but that's common when you order the chicken strips.
Service is always prompt and pleasant.

TERRIBLE!
I called them to ask their hours and the girl on the phone told me 11.
I pull up at 10:15 and the store is locked up and the manager come out and shouts at me that they are closed.
The service has always been terrible.
I would avoid this place at ALL COST.
The kids working are always way too interested in talking to one another as opposed to working.
Blizzards never come out the way they should.
Nothing but bad things to say about this location.
IT DESERVES ZERO STARS!

I love DQ, specially the one's with the full menu!

This is the closest DQ to my home and my wife loves DQ but we won't be going back to this one.
First off they proudly boast that they make their own Buster Bars as opposed to "the factory made ones".
Well their home made Buster Bars are substantially smaller, have little fudge and about three peanuts; a waste of money.
Next trip we ordered dip cones.
You wouldn't believe how fast they melted.
It was like trying to eat a pint of milk.
All three of us could have used a shower.
Most recently we ordered Blizzards; one cookie dough, one snickers and one banana split.
They were all like chilled soup.
I went to the counter and described our experiences with the quick melting cones and soupy Blizzards and was told "that was normal".
Normal for who?
We'll still be visiting DQ's, just not this one.

