Detailed work!!
They have stuff I hadn't seen anywhere else like gel nail laquer that is much more durable than regular polish.
I like the LIQUID gel fills.
I always have a problem with lifting & cracking when I get powder gel or acrylic nails but the liquid gel is fantastic.

I have been getting my Nails done here for the last 3 years.
Twee is the only one I will let come near my nails, she is the best.
You will not find anyone better than her in Las Vegas.
I have tried all kinds of different nail places and none of them can compare to the work that Twee does.

Clean, precise, and professional!
What more can you ask for?!
Donny was amazing!
I've never had my nails shaped and cleaned this perfectly!
Everytime I'm in vegas, this is where I'm going :)

In the spirit of helping weed through the overwhelming number of nail salons in Vegas -you can cross this one off the list.
Decided to pop in here for a gel mani.
Salon decor less than pleasing to the eye, mainly because it felt/looked dirty.
Dark, many lights were off, just not a pleasing ambiance.
Salon tools used on my manicure were taken out of a box in a drawer, NOT out of a sanitized enclosed pkg as I am used to from the salons I frequent.
The technician did a satisfactory job, though rushed thru the trimming, filing part (as only 2 techs working and had a pedi customer waiting), so consequently my nails are all uneven lengths-ugh!!
If I wanted that I'd do 'em myself.
Will try somewhere else next visit.

1 person working when I came there at 10am on a Thursday morning at 10 am.
No hello or anything.
I was the only person in the place and she was rushing my pedicure.
Twee was extremely rough on the filing (painful).
Oh and after telling her not to use the cheese grater or the pumice stone she still went ahead and said she must use the pumice stone or she can't remove any calluses.
The massage part I know you were wondering well.... Also lacking spent about 20 seconds on each leg no pressure, just slapped on some cream and went to feet.
The feet she spent about a minute each on both feet no pressure once again.
The absolute best part when was when she was massaging my foot and was putting herself to sleep.
Wow Reallyyyyyyyyyy?
I was still kind enough to give her a tip she did not deserve of $5.00 for the $25.00 pedicure.
The whole thing from start to finish was 30 minutes.
Every other salon was always an hour.
Let's just say I will never return!
I will find a great nail salon someday I am sure.
I might have to go to an upscale place like a hotel to get the quality I am looking for.
I mean is clean, no pain and nice staff that hard to find in a business anymore?

This girl that did my nails is a real professional and made my nails look good.
But... She never smile, never say hi, doesn't contact the costumer and doesn't try to make you feel comfortable.
This is why I gave 3 stars.

Twee is AMAZING!
My gel manicure lasts so long and they always come out perfect!
She definitely knows what she's doing when it comes to nails.

Thrilled with our lucky last minute pedicures but we were done in 12 minutes flat since checking in.
Since i didnt want color i expected a longer foot massage.

