Very helpful gentlemen work here!!
I highly recommend this place!

I used this place for years.
The staff is friendly.
The prices are pretty decent.
I felt like my stuff was safe and secure.
I have used their small inside units and their large outside units and liked them both.

Always helpful they check to see if you need help, or extra moving supplies.
They keep the place clean to were you dont worry if your belong will get ruined.
Im a happy renter!

My husband and I have had a storage place here for a year now and we are very satisfied.
They keep it well maintained and don't charge much.

I've been renting here for about 2 years.
If you're looking for a place that is clean, affordable and gives you peace of mind for your stuff, this is the place.
I have looked there's no other storage that is this nice and secure.
The staff is great and the whole place is always clean.
If you want a place with great security, Look no further, this is the only place that I would ever rent from.

This place has great prices, a friendly staff, air-conditioned units, and clean facility.
I was nervous about my first time putting valuables in storage, but I am really impressed.
Getting in and out is really easy and they're just so helpful.
I definitely recommend it.

I simply can't give them enough good words and praise.
They are extremely friendly and stand up people!
I made a mistake and fully assumed they would throw the book at me with fees and the such but they didn't and they had all the right to.
I have dealt with many storage places in the Valley and this is by far the best place and people I have come across.
The storage areas are always clean and kept up well.
Never did I get the impression that it would be a gamble leaving my stuff there as I have with numerous places in the vicinity.
I would do business with them again without hesitation.

This is a great place!
Clean and management is very friendly and professional.

I just signed up for my unit today and so far I am highly impressed.
Frank and Dwight were extremely friendly, helpful and professional.
They even offer a teacher discount amongst others and are one of the more affordable in the area.
I haven't even moved my items in yet and I already have a great feeling.
I definitely recommend based on first impression alone.

