Dr. Hammes is amazing.
I always trust my beloved Yorkie with him.
His prices are very reasonable and he cares about each and every one of his patients and have no problems answering any questions that pet parents have.
He never overcharges and will avoid unnecessary procedures and tell you straight up that they're unnecessary.
His wife, Toni, is very nice too.
I love this Ma and Pa shop.
My Yorkie always had to be muzzled at other vet b/c she snaps when getting shots, but not with Dr. Hammes.
I think she knows that he really care about her.

I recently moved to Vegas and of course besides doctors for the two legged members of your family you need one for the four legged members.
The facts are:  I have one that needs her anal glands expressed every two months.
This was accomplished at this clinic.
I took the little one to the dog park.
She passed blood in her BM.
It has never happened before.and she is 7 years old ...so 42 times never happened...just saying

I've been taking my dog to Dr. Brian Hammes for over 9 years.
He always takes great care of my dog.
He's extremely knowledgeable and has earned my trust years ago with the care he takes for my dog.
Toni is always friendly and helpful with scheduling and checkups.
I'd recommend Buffalo Alta Animal Hospital to anyone who cares about their pets!

today was my first time going to that clinic, I was surprised with how gentle and hospitable both the nurse and doctor were when interacting with my puppy.

Dr. Hammes and Toni are the best.
I can call in on Saturday afternoon and be seen the same day.
I've been taking my Dog to them since he was 6 months old.
They truly care.

I first met them when my young dog passed literally in our hands there.
I have had dogs for four decades, am from Chicago, my father was a physician,,,,so we've seen the best.
Toni and all at Buffalo Animal Hospital are like family.
I've never met such warm wonderful people as them.
Thanks for being you!

Dr. Hammes and Toni are the best.
They are respectful to you and your pets, they listen to you, and are prompt in getting back to you with test results or whatever it is that you need.
My little boy had to be put down 2 years ago and they gave me all of the information I needed and gave me as much time as I needed to spend with my kittie before it was time to say good bye.
I highly recommend this place for your furry loved ones.

