My friend told me that Glen Lerner (well, his firm anyways) handled tickets, which was news to me since I thought they were strictly personal injury attorneys.
I was worried about getting stuck with an unfair ticket, so I figured why not?
It turns out that, despite the catchy jingles and the quirky sense of humor shown in the commercials, the firm is extremely professional and handled everything really well.
Great communication- and I asked a LOT of questions.
My ticket was reduced, and I really couldn't be happier.
If I'm ever in an accident, I'm sure their number will still be stuck in my head.

By far the LAZIEST, most unhelpful front desk staff imaginable.
I was ignored when I walked in since they were busy chatting, then told to sign in.
I signed in at 2:09 and was told they'd tell Mike I was here.
I had already spoken to him so he was expecting me.
20 minutes later I approached the desk to ask how much longer he would be.
The girl says, "I emailed him but he hasn't written back.
" REALLY??
Get off your butt and go tell him OR god forbid you pick up a phone and tell him!
Mike came out and had no idea I was sitting there.
Mike, the case manager is great.
Apologized, was thorough with our meeting and incredibly helpful.
And I love the office decor.

My case manager was easily accessible and responded to my questions promptly.
My attorney sat down with me, went over the circumstances surrounding my case and took the time to answer all of my questions.
Very helpful and courteous.

Well, today is my first day at Glen Lerner and Associates law office.
The customer service here is pretty good, and they got me in relatively quickly after my accident/injury.
The associates are all very helpful and very calmly and will keep in touch on a daily basis.
I feel comfortable that they're not just taking my case Because they are money hungry.
They know what they're doing and seem to be able to do it to the best of their ability.
I have had a lot of people use this lawyer before for injuries and it had great experiences as well.
I hope that I can trust them until the end so I can refer them to people if needed.

I'll update my review when they settle my case.

Still waiting to be contacted by my third case manager.
I was told a new attorney was taking over the case and my new case manager would update me.
It's been two weeks since that was told to me.
I guess I will just keep waiting.

Communication is better now.
My case manager has updated me periodically.
My attorney has also returned my phone calls.
Hopefully I will be be giving them 5 stars soon.
I'll update my review when they settle the case.

I called the Glen Lerner office on Monday and they got me in the next day for an appointment.
Everyone was very friendly and helpful when I went in for my appointment.
I feel very comfortable that they will be able to help me with my case.
I'm just glad I don't have to deal with the insurance company.

I was very very unsatisfied with Glen Lerner and Associates.
The entire year they had my case, I never once spoke to an attorney.
Receptionists and a case manager spoke to me.
Then I was assigned a new case manager who had basically no information about the history of my case.
I would email and ask what's going on with my case and a receptionist and/or case manager would tell me it's being reviewed.
That's it.
Feeling like they were just very busy 'fighting hard' for their clients, I was patient.
Then I get a bill in the mail from a place I've never heard of saying that I owe them $2100 for an MRI and Xray that Glen Lerner and Associates told me to get.
I was shocked.
I had insurance up the ying-yang both car and medical.
However, the current case manager told me that the former case manager failed to tell me to go through my medical insurance for billing, and not my car insurance.
So now I'm slapped with a $2100 bill that Glen Lerner and Associates won't even take the time to submit to my medical insurance.
I have to do that on my own....to an HMO no less, and it was the medical billing company that told me that Glen Lerner and Associates was no longer my attorney.
They didn't even tell me.
I'm just sitting around waiting for them to contact me to tell  me how my case is going, thinking that they are giving me all the information as it happens, and they have dropped me, unbeknownst to me.
How's that for ethical treatment!?!
I would have been better off just going to my doctor in the first place and not have worried about the fact that I was rear-ended, with a police report, and the other driver had no insurance.
Still I would have been better off just not pursuing a lawsuit and just going to my own doctor.
Going to Glen Lerner and Associates cost me $2100 with no results in the end!

I retained this firm in April of 2013.
My file has been moved around to numerous different people...no one ever calls.
They do not return calls.
I am an attorney and I can tell you that if I ran my office in this manner, i would be out of business.
I met with my attorney in november...he was going to make a demand to the insurance company and get back to me after the first of the year....8 months later and several calls later...NOTHING!
I do not have one unsolicited call form them and I do not have ONE copy of a letter from them.
They are a disgrace to the legal profession and I am considering ethics charges

