Writing about Papa John's is pretty lame.
It's the same corporate pizza wherever you go.
The service may vary but that could even be debatable.
We order it because of the fact we know what we are going to get and we had to adapt to this because we left NY at various points of our lives.
With that being said, Our Ft Apache Papa Johns is pretty good with there service.
We stick to the same toppings and it's solid.
However, we tried the whole wheat pizza.
Holy crap!!!
TERRIBLE, like, they should warn you how awful this is when you order.
I actually logged on and sent an email to corporate and received a generic email.
The email told me someone would get back to me in regards to this matter.
No one has replied.
So, I yelp.

I did nastygram via email the Corporate office.
A few das later I recieved the generic response from corporate i kinda thought that was lame.
a few weeks after that The Ft. Apache manager called and she hooked me up with a credit.
It took a minute but i got a refund and that's cool.

It's Papa Johns... standard as you can get.
Delivery is fast, people are friendly, food is hot.
That's all that matters, right?

Typically we like to try the mom & pop traditional style pizza places but last night was a PJP delivery night.
It was a Netflix night and we didn't feel like driving anywhere so we opted for pizza delivery.
Fast delivery and friendly guy to boot.
The wings are pretty good and I would order them again but I liked the old style a little better.
Pizza was starndard PJP's pizza.
Out of the big chain pizza joints we think PJP beats out Domino's and Pizza Hut by a mile from a taste and quality perspective.
I really like the online ordering feature.

Prior to my 1st review this PJP had very erratic service and quality of food on several different occasions, prior to Yelping.
With that in mind we tried them again and were left with an OK impression.
However, we did carry out there this evening and were worse than disappointed.
I waited at the counter for 5 minutes with several employees walking by without so much as a word.
When I finally got someone's attention the guy was half ass in his attempt to act like he even cared.
After paying for the wings & pizza we ordered he tossed the wings on the counter and walked away.
I had to flag him down and tell him we ordered a pizza as well.
We got our food home to find the pizza miserably cold and the wings to be incredibly over sauced.
I will NEVER go to this PJP again!!!
If you want a great PJP experience I suggest the one on Blue Diamond, we've always had great customer service and quality of food at that location.

The best of all the pizza chains.
I have a confession to make, I just recently started actually getting into pizza.
Before I reached 16, the only pizzas I ever ate were from chains, restaurants/buffets that don't specialize in it and frozen.
Although I am seeking to expand my pizza horizons, I still love my Papa John's.
I haven't had it in a while though, money is tight, Pizza Hut has that $10 deal and a Little Caesars is practically next door to where I live.
(I love pizza regardless, but still...)  The sauce is always bursting with flavor, the toppings are awesome(I love their Italian meat pizzas so much) and they ALWAYS give you garlic sauce.
Also, the breadsticks are to die for.
I may become a total pizza snob one day, but I'll never have too sophisticated a palate to enjoy a slice from Papa John's.

Bad service, ok pizza.
Other locations are better.

Why the hell was there bits of pineapple in our non-pineapple having pizza?
That was weird.
Also, the people who work there seem kind of shady.
The girl at the counter was covered in flour.
It was on her face, her arms, her hair, all over her clothes...it was weird.
Not sure I'd use this location again.

I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to home delivery, fast food pizza.
As long as it's cheesy and bready I am usually OK. We discovered last night that Papa John's actually delivered to our place, even though they are over on Ft Apache, so I thought we would give them a try.
I should point out here that up until last night I had never sampled a Papa John's pizza, however I have often heard them compared favourably to Pizza Hut or Dominoes.
I ordered a Ham and Pineapple pizza and a serve of wings with ranch dip and garlic dip.
The pizza arrived more promptly than the 65 minute estimate and the driver was friendly enough.
When I opened my pizza box I was greeted with the sight of something that looked like it had come straight out from under a heat lamp at a food court.
Upon eating a slice it turned out to be fresher than it looked, but it was a bit greasy and the sauce was overly sweet and unusual on a pizza outside of the frozen section at a supermarket.
The pineapple on my pizza really didn't work well with the already very sweet sauce.
I ate a couple of slices and consigned the rest to the fridge for more desperate times.
I found myself eating for the sake of eating.
Next I moved on to my wings.
I think they were honey chipotle or something very similar.
They tasted pretty decent but were extremely gloopy and difficult to eat.
They could have done with about 70% less sauce.
The garlic dip in particular was a bizarre concoction.
It looked like clear, melted butter and tasted weird.
Probably not meant for wings, but I'm not sure what it would go with.
Sadly, I think Papa John's is going to have to be given the big miss in future.
Of the low-end pizza chains I would have to say that it is easily my least favourite.

Fast, fresh, hot, friendly

Didn't disappoint!
After a long day it hit the spot.
The cashier was kind of rude though.
I also ordered an extra garlic butter they forgot to give me so check your box.

I haven't had delivery from here, but pick up service is good.
Their pizza isn't great.
Their service is good.
They gave me a 50% discount just for asking.
I've had better pizza for sure but I'll go back.

Used to love the quality of pizza here.
But my last two experiences were horrible!
I had a pizza arrive over an hour late and lukewarm with the cheese already cold and firm.
The driver gave me some excuse about "training someone new".
When I complained they gave me a free coupon for a pizza.
I had ordered a second time from the before I got the coupon and this time it came in 30ish min but same deal, it was dry and not so fresh looking.
I eat pizza as a cheat meal so when I do have one I want it to taste good!
So I will not be ordering from here again.
Dominos and Marcos also delivers to my house so going to have to go with them next time.
Disappointing, used to love Papa Johns!

Sorry Papa John's, but my experiences here have left me really, really disappointed..   My first experience with them was about a year ago- I had a coupon for a free small cheese pizza.
Okay, it's a free pizza, so I didn't expect much.
Except when I got home and opened the box, there was a SLICE missing...
I call them up and they had me come back & upgraded me to a large cheese pizza.
Alright, so I decided to give them another try yesterday, since there was a Memorial Day deal.
Ordered a large pizza with 16 wings for carry-out.
Said it'd take 15-25 minutes to finish.
I arrived there a little over 20 minutes after I placed the order and as I walked in, I get a call from an employee there telling me they did not have any wings and that they had been waiting for over an hour for them to be delivered.
Thanks for letting me know earlier!
It wasn't until I paid for my pizza that they actually even put it in the oven.
As I waited for my pizza, I saw a huge COCKROACH the size of my thumb near the drink cooler.
But hey, at least it was dead.
They sincerely apologized many times and the manager (I believe) gave me a free order for next time.
After seeing the cockroach though..
I don't know if a free meal is worth it.
So 1 star for making up for mistakes, but they shouldn't have to be giving me upgrades and free orders in the first place.

Good pizza, sometimes the service stinks, but I suppose they make it up with fresh ingredients.

Horrible

We can usually count on Papa John's for decent to great pizza no matter where we are in the country.
This was not the case with this location.
The pie was late, the delivery driver was suspicious and borderline rude, and the pizza was terrible.
It was cold and one of the worst pies we've ever had.
You know the saying, "pizza is always good even when it's bad?
"  This wasn't even true.
Instead it was a waste of out money.
Bleh.

I haven't actually eaten my pizza yet but I'm giving this place a 1 start because it is utterly disgusting that when I pull up there are 4 employees standing directly outside the door smoking, with their apron and uniforms on.
The owner of this franchise should be embarrassed.....

Terrible staff n service!!!
At least for tonight.
The gentleman did not wash his hands after handling my cash before touching raw chicken and then cutting pizza after that.

I ordered a pepeoni pizza and they brought me a supreme with nasty peppers olives and stuff all over it.
I threw it in the trash.
called them to complain but they don't answer the phone

