Cead Mille Failte!
One thousand and one welcomes meet you here along with everything Irish.
Cozy warm place with good food and pints.
You will leave with an Irish brogue.

Faux-exposed brick?
Fuck you, Brocach.
Small menu but the food's pretty decent.
update: I can't get an appertizer at 4 PM?
As the kids say "omgwtf?!

I wasn't all that impressed with this place.
The atmosphere seemed alright, but the waitstaff seemed uninterested and slow moving.
That and it was rather expensive for just a Spotted Cow.
I don't live in Madison anymore, but when I do go back, I doubt I'll come here.

i'm mostly judging brocach on its ambience since i've only eaten there once and hardly touched my meal (just wasn't too hungry that night).
but this is definitely a place i love to come and meet up with friends.
the booths are upstairs are big enough to sit 8, and when the rest of the group joins, there's plenty of room to grab a bigger table or just stand up and mingle.
i love the dark wood, the noise level (loud from voices, but the music is at the right volume), the beers.
definitely my idea of a good bar.

good food and great atmosphere

Been here several times, they did a really good job of getting the big city Irish pub thing right.
Great choice of the usual Irish beers and whiskeys and a few surprises.
If you are getting ready to go out for a night of drinking and need to fill up the stomach, nothing will do you better than their Bangers and Mash.
If you finish it, you have accomplished what many cannot, and you will have a satisfied smile on your face to boot.

Irksome gimmicky pub atmosphere, like a classier Bennigan's.

Who does not love a cool Irish Pub?
The decor on the inside is amazing and that is why it gets five stars.
The inside is much larger than it would appear from the outside and the food and beer is pretty good.

Grade: C-  Sub par food.
Good service and decent prices.
Think about it: Irish "cuisine".
Yuck.

My wife and I have returned to Brocach's because of the fine ambience and customer service.
This time we sat outside with a glass of wine and took in the beautiful view of the capital and all the activity on the street.
Our waitstaff was friendly and helpful.
A bit slow but they were busy and we wern't in a hurry so really didn't matter.
Inside is pub like and cozy.

Right on Capitol Square.
Real nice Irish pub, the name means "badger den" in Gaelic.
And if you don't know my now the significance of the BADGER in Madison, well then, I suggest your brush up on your history, or suffer the consequences at the next Wisconsin football game.
Didn't go here, but I have coworkers who have, and raved about it.
Wide selection of ales, single malt Scotch, and Irish whiskies.
Here they have pretty good pub food, and no matter where you are on the Square, this is not far from you.
Sits directly across from the capitol.

Great food!!!
One of my favorites in Madison!
I always get the meze platter and caeser salad but everything else i've had there has been great.
(And the baileys cheesecake is the best dessert you'll ever have)

At first glance, this place is your typical Americanized-Irish pub.
You know, the gaelic phrases on the wall, Guinness and Harp signs hanging on the wood-paneled walls, and a roaring fire.
But upon closer inspection, this place is actually pretty cool.
The bartenders are personable and remember repeat customers.
The atmosphere is warm and inviting - the kind of place full of good people, good beer, and good times.
So, stop by sometime, put your feet up, and enjoy a night out amongst friends.

Ahhhh, Brocach.
The place with the funnest name (which my friends and I usually yell out as "BREAKAGE!").
I guess it's not entirely fair of me to not rate this place higher, but I just wasn't impressed by their food the time I ate there.
It was passable, but just not anything spectacular.
I *do* like their bar upstairs for when I'm feelin' fancy.
They have excellent champagne cocktails on their menu (and if you know me, you know how I love to indulge in one of those).
The decor in the upstairs bar area is gorgeous, and is completed by quite the view of the Capitol building right outside the windows.
I'm never bothered by the clientele or the waitstaff.
The only problem is the steep drink prices!

I think I'll hold all Irish pubs to this standard.
I had an excellent time, and an excellent dinner of bangers and mash.
Excellent decor... it felt historic.
Great service, and the other patrons (looked like it attracted many of the suit-wearing capitol types) weren't loud or obnoxious on a Wednesday night.
I know I'd stop in there at least a few times per year if I still lived in Madison.
It's in a pretty convenient location downtown.

This is a 4 star drinking experience.
Comfortable tables, booths, and chairs -- great pub-like atmosphere reasonably priced beverages.
(compared to the establishments nearby)  Also there's a distinct lack of hipsters and wasted fratty college students.
Most of the time the staff is extremely personable and friendly.
(and the rest of the time they're nice.. never had a problem there!
)   I had to subtract a star from the 4 star drinking experience because the food (coming from a pescatarian) isn't really that great, but then again it's Irish/British food -- two cultures not really known for exotic or savory flavors.
However, if you're around the capitol stop by for a drink!

The food here is pretty darned good for a "pub".
I've had some great risotto and a darned good fish fry at Brocach...which are two things that don't normally come from ONE place.
If I was a beer or whiskey drinker, I'd be a happy camper, for it looks like there's ample choices in both.
It's actually nice decor, themed without being too campy.
It does get pretty loud in the downstairs bar area, so I favor being upstairs.
The view of the capitol from upstairs is breathtaking, anyhow.
I'd sit at that window all night...if it weren't for fear of becoming "that weird window-lady".
If anyone were to wander up to me on the street and ask "Where's a good pseudo-Irish-pub, lassie?
" I'd point my finger in Brocach's direction.

I'll have a Guinness, please.
This place is great.
I love the fact that you can come here and be social and chat up new friends, or stick to the blokes you came in with.
The main-level bar area has always seemed to me to be more conducive to socializing among the crowd, whereas the bar upstairs has seemed less so.
And, if you're really looking to isolate your crew from the crowd, there are plenty of large (high-backed) booths to choose from too.
I imagine if there's any bar in town where you can get a Guinness mixed drink that goes beyond the cliché Black & Tan, this would be the place.
The one thing that really needs the management's attention is the one-holer men's room.
I'm not sure about the ladies facilities, but it's got to be the most awkward men's room I've ever used.
Now, about that Guinness?

Brocach has earned the extra star mostly due to ALWAYS fantastic service, excellent drinks, and the perfect setting for my department's Christmas party.
The food was fantastic!

Old Fashion was the non-dive go to bar of 08.
For 09, I'm choosing Brocach.
Tuesday night in January was empty, but the emptiness has its nice side.
I got to explore everywhere in the bar without hesitation.
This place is beautifully constructed.
Love the sofas, and booth throughout the bar.
Nice.
I can appreciate the grown-up sophistication while sipping on French 75.
Ladies, if you have to go to the rest room, go to the 1st floor's.
The upstairs' door doesn't clothes completely.
Unless you are a fervent fan of 1920 deco, I'll stick to the pretty, auto-flushed down stairs one.
I want to try the food next time with a pint of Guiness.

Very interesting atmosphere here.
Super dark, tall ceilings.
We had a friendly server (totally bored because the place was dead) and my husband and I both ordered the salad special.
It was yummy, and huge, and the drinks were strong (like everywhere else in Madison).
It was the middle of the week and were practically the only patrons.
I'd be interested to see what they are like on the weekend.

Food is good, drinks are normal-priced, and it is a good place to go with larger groups because they have such large tables- the best part, though, is the happy hour!
Half-price on all whiskey/scotch over $7, Guiness and a shot of Bushmills for $6, and buffalo wings for 25 cents each- unbeatable!
only drawback is that happy hour is only from 4-6pm, so plan ahead to get there with enough time to enjoy this!

One of the first things that overwhelms you when you walk in the door, is that is actually resembles an Irish pub without being a cheesy impostor.
There are comfy, oversized booths as well as some of the largest wooden tables/chairs.
The menu is inventive and every time i've been there, all diners have been satisfied with their choices.
Whether it be the fish n chips, salmon, or dublin city burger (topped with the besssst onion rings) Brocach knows how to please their guests.
There is often irish bands playing, or at least a harp and bagpipes.
The upstairs boasts a swanky lounge/bar that also offers an awesome view of the capital.
Prices are bit steep for drinks if you are a student, but compared to other nicer places near the capital, Brocach is a great deal.

Great place for dinner and atmosphere.
I was doubtful of the possibility of eating healthy in an Irish pub (or in the midwest, for that matter) but they actually had a good selection of creative, fresh salads, in addition to yummy looking meaty pub fare.
It felt immediately authentic as the host who seated us talked with an Irish brogue.
The large stuffed chairs and decorations on the walls made it feel as if we were in someones home (or castle.
)  Great place for an out-of-towner to stop!

Big portions, great great great waiter service.
Ordered a roast chicken with sweet corn stuffing.
They gave me an entire chicken half.
The leftovers lasted two more meals.

Top rating for one reason only:  Wednesday nights + incredible musicians gathered around an upstairs table playing Irish music + two Dark and Stormy cocktails = a stellar way to end your Hump Day.

Had a late dinner here friday night... it was alright.
The atmosphere was pretty lively, with lots of dressed-up young ladies, gangs of dudes, bachelorette parties, and the like.
Husband and I got two salmon dishes - BBQ salmon salad and a grilled salmon entree.
Sad to say, we should have ordered two salads - it was about $5 cheaper and far more satisfying.
I have a problem with dishes that don't warrant their price, and I definitely felt the salmon entree suffered from this condition.
The sweet potatoes were fine, not noticeably sage-roasted, and the apple slaw was minimal and without dressing.
The salmon salad was bountiful with a surprisingly spicy vinaigrette.
The service was mostly inattentive.
My noble rogue cocktail was the highlight of the meal.

In my crusade to find the best fish fry in Madison, my partner Jason O. referred me to the Brocach's Friday Fish Fry Special.
For a mere $14, they serve an all-you-can-eat fried fish special.
As soon as you walk into this restaurant (especially on a live music night) you feel like you've just walked into some Lord of the Rings tavern expecting Aragorn to eye you as you are seated.
The atmosphere is very warm and very stereotypically Irish.
Although the service was a bit inattentive and slow, when the fish came out, it was fantastic.
The batter was well seasoned on these generous planks of fish.
The chips portion was good as you didn't get completely full on potatoes so that you could have more fish!
The coleslaw was interestingly different as it was seasoned with some curry powder and included raisins mixed into the cabbage and mayonnaise mixture.
I didn't really care for their tartar sauce as it seemed lacking in flavor, but that missing flavor was made up by the delicious fish.
If you're hungry and have the appetite for a huge plate(s) of fish and chips, I would highly recommend this restaurant.

Very nice staff and reasonable variety of menu.
I dream about their beet salad - SO good!

I had to spell this about 6 different ways before I found it - and I've been here probably 10 times.
Eep.
Anyway, onto the review.
We came here on New Year's Eve with a party of 8.
They shifted uncomfortably, said they would look around, then took us upstairs to a nearly empty bar.
Seriously, I know a party of 8 without reservations is a faux pas, but don't feign busy-ness just to make us feel bad about patronizing your business.
I started out with the potato leek soup which was very tasty.
Definitely recommend.
For dinner I had the Shepherd's Pie, which was delicious - though a leeeetle dry and a little too salty in the meat.
The meat was traditionally mixed with peas, with a big pile of mashed potatoes on top.
Somewhere in there either I needed a side of gravy (yes, I'm a fatass) or it needed more butter - but nonetheless, meat + mashed potatoes = mmmm.
I complemented my meat pie with a Stella, about which there is nothing to rave or complain.
Most of our table either had the regular Shep, veggie Shep, or fish and chips, and we all left satisfied.
The fish and chips looked awesome - crispy, thin batter, served with steak fries.
The veggie Shepherd's Pie was also reportedly good, with our veg friends saying it tasted just as good as meat... which I suppose is a compliment to fake meat, since I think it usually sucks.
Why you wouldn't just eat meat then, the world may never understand.
Our waiter was pretty good - he even kept separate checks for each patron, which was nice.
He kept messing up the names though, so I was like, "Either don't try to remember our names, or put the tickets in some sort of order, because we just have to correct you each time.
But really, thanks for splitting the checks...it's a big pet peeve of mine when you don't do that.
"  Anyway, despite the "we're so busy" shenanigans at the beginning, I was really happy with dinner.
It gave me a fabulous base for all that New Year's drinking, and it wasn't too pricey either.

One thing you need to know about me - I don't like Brocach.
Like for real.
It's pretty boring, and feels so manufactured- maybe its the stucco on the walls, the fake irish decor, or the $6 Guinness', but I sigh every time that I get suckered into going here.
Give me a break.
Two redeeming qualities: they have a scotch egg on the menu :) and their brunch is fairly legit with BOGO bloodies on sundays (I think)

Try the Bangers and Mash...they make it with an apple sauce that is really good!

Worst Bar Bathroom in Madison  It's upstairs in a back hallway.
Supposedly, the lesser known louvre.
More like the louvre that not even the owner knows about because it's f-ing disgusting.
There's one stall for an entire floor of intoxicated chicks.
The door kind of closes, so you have to meet it just right with the door frame or it'll only close partway, making it look like nobody's in the stall.
Not good on period nights.
The toilet isn't fastened to the floor, so it tips when you sit your drunk ass down.
No idea why no one got around to bolting the toilet to the floor.
Seems like a given, but, hey, this is the worst bar bathroom in Madison.
Anything goes.
Seriously, though, customers shouldn't be able to tip your toilet like a friggin' cow.

Went here on a Friday night, wasn't too packed that it was hard to move around or find a seat.
Just the right amount of people!
Didn't come for food, just some good ol'fashioned drinking which I found to be quite expensive.
Typical stocked bar and nothing extra special on tap, unless your totally in love with Irish beers.
In my opinion this place isn't anything special, especially being located on the square.
Better off just bypassing.

love this place.
Relaxed and classy.
Best Guiness around.
They also have the best burger I have ever eaten.
Little spendy at over $10 but... Wow!

Has anyone ever been to an irish bar that didn't seem priced beyond what it should be?
What is it about "irish bistro" that warrants doubling prices?
I mean, its meat, potatoes, and cabbage....seemingly always for $12 and up, washed down with a $6 and up beer.
I'm not even too sure there is a defining "irish" thing about the the irish bars except for a little more woodworking and high prices.
Disclaimer: I rarely like irish bars, in case you couldn't tell from the above.
Disclaimer aside, brocach is actually one of the better "irish bistros.
"  Food is decent, but not worth what it'll cost you.
Has a decent irish beer selection, but it's probably also not worth what it'll cost you.
Especially when you can get the same beers elsewhere for less.
Nothing has really stood out to me that I've eaten.

While I still cannot pronounce this place- it doesn't matter as all you have to say is that you are going to the "Irish place" and everyone pronounces it for you.
But if you are a trivia nut like me- Brocach is Irish for Badger Den- now how appropriate is that for a bar located in downtown Madison home of the Wisconsin Badgers??!
On the night we were here -it was hot and humid.
We opted to sit outside with an excellent view of the Capital but until the sun went down, it was pretty warm.
The patio consists of 6 or so bistro tables but check inside with the host first if you plan to sit out there.
Inside- there is a long, dark wood bar and plenty of tables between the two rooms.
We ordered beer and a Meze platter which was basically two kinds of hummus, warm pita points, feta cheese and a small artichoke and tomato salad.
Perfect for a hot night although hardly Irish.
But if Irish food is what you want- they have it here.
Shepard's pie, Fish and Chips, Bangors and Mash, Irish stew- all the favorites are on the menu.
They also have a wide range of imported beers, and a good selection of unusual Irish and Scotch whiskeys.
According to the bartender- they also have Irish music on select nights.
So the next time you are little for a little "green" on the "Square"- check out Brocach.
Best Badger Den I've ever set foot in!

Had the Fish and chips, wife had the Shepard's Pie.
Food was great.
the NE Clam Chowder is awesome.
We were in late, and the service was ok, but not fantastick

To the people who sat by my significant other and I last night in Brocach,  I apologize.
You see, we were both starving.
I'd just gotten done taking the LSAT and he was--well, visiting his old fraternity.
Both of us just wanted good food close to our hotel.
And when we got our food (I, the Brocach Burger and a Pinot Noir, and he, the corned beef and cabbage with Cap Brewery's Oktoberfest) and had it, well, I imagine the moaning sounds were probably off-putting.
I apologize for our dramatics over how good it was, but it really was worthy of all that indulgent noise.
If I may make it up to you by suggestion, try the Brocach Buger.
You'll come to understand why.

I think Brocach is a solid option in Madison.
The menu is pretty diverse and the food is quite good for a pub.
Price are decent, maybe a little high.
I would say dinner entrees range from about $9-17 or so.
They have more traditional Irish options, like sheppard's pie or bangers and mash, as well as roast chicken, burgers, pasta and a few vegetarian choices.
As you would guess, they have a number of good beers, as well and wine and cocktails.
Their brunch is actually good too.
I don't think that many people realize they serve it, because it's never that crowded.
The place is large, so there usually isn't a terrible wait.
I don't remember every having a problem with service.
Atmosphere is nice.
They have typical Irish pub décor, and the inside is well-maintained.

I went to Brocach with a friend for lunch on a Thursday afternoon, and it was great!
The atmosphere was inviting and warm, and created an idea of what the style of the restaurant was like immediately.
The restaurant wasn't crowded, so we sat down right away, and our waiter was friendly and prompt.
We both loved our wraps and sandwiches, I will definitely head back!

Holy Fish Fry, Pacman!
A friend and I were in Madison for a concert a couple of weeks ago and were walking around the square trying to decide where to eat/drink.
We stumbled upon Broach and both had the all you can eat Fried Haddock.
It was very very good!!!
Nice flakey breading and the tender juicy meat inside cooked perfectly.
Being two hungry boys after the drive from Chicago, we must have eaten several pounds of fish.
The fries were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, done right.
Atmosphere?
Easy to be in no bullshit Irish pub with good food.
Were I living in Madison, I would try some different dishes as they have a good variety.
But if/when I'm ever back on a Friday, I'd probably opt for the Fish Fry again.

The main entrees I've had tend to be either served cooler than I'd like or are a bit under cooked.
Their prices are also a bit steep for the quality of the food.
(Bill for one with dinner, two drinks and dessert =  $35) The exception is the Bangers and Mash, which has always been excellent.
Their desserts are pretty good.
The Bailey's cheesecake was delish, but the Guinness chocolate cake tasted like a frozen bake & serve that had been baked a few days ago, then popped in the microwave for a while to make it warm.
The main things I like here which also give my rating a boost are: The service which is always really good, interesting Irish themed drinks and the fabulous live local Irish bands.
The live music tends to get pretty loud, so if you want to have a conversation over dinner, get a table in the upper area.

Very good food and nice ambience.
I recommend the scotch eggs.
So good!
Great location too.

I can't say much about the food, but the bar is cool as hell.
The service was impeccable and the waiter kept the black and tans coming all night.
He also had some good suggestions for microbrews as well.
Knowledgeable staff and good service = "Yay!
I'm a fan.

I had a Dublin burger, and a Steela beer.
Food and drink  was Ok.
The enviornment is great!
The people, the decor and my waitress are friendly.
Just feel comfortable to be there.
Certainly a place to drink again!!
hahaha..

Very cool Irish Pub atmosphere.
In fact, probably one of the best irish pubs in Madison.
I've been here for lunch and occasional happy hour after work and never been disappointed.

I was very pleased with this restaurant.
In contrast to my recent visit to another restaurant on the square this place really met my expectations and then some.
The staff was very nice, there was plenty of seating with a lot of room between tables, the menu was simple and straightforward.
I ordered the Irish Stew which was delicious with perfect portions of mashed potatoes and bread.
The price was appropriate for an excellent meal.
I was a little disappointed that my waiter didn't ask me if I wanted more to drink because I did.
He put my bill on the table as if he was saying, "time for you to leave".
But this poor finish was not enough for me to lower my rating.
I look forward to going back with friends and/or family with hopes of having just a little bit better service.

Great place any time, but especially for happy hour.
Burger or pork sliders are fabulous and adding 12 wings is the topper.
The drink specials are great and are a super time to try higher end whiskey or Scotch, not to mention a good old Murphy's stout.

This is what I always hope to get when I wander into an "Irish pub," but have been conditioned never to expect.
While other such places demonstrated the extent of their Irishness by hanging up a couple paper shamrocks and serving Guinness (I'm looking at you, Monday's), Brocach's has gone all-out with it.
The entire exterior and interior has been intricately molded to look like an old Irish pub, minus the "old" part.
They've also managed to go all out with the menu.
If you're looking for corned beef and cabbage or shepherd's pie in Madison, this is the place to get it.
It was unbelievably crowded in there when I walked in, and I figured it would be a nightmare in here.
But I was then lead upstairs to a room lined with couches, tiny red chairs, a full bar, and people giving away free food to protesters.
The table that sat down next to mine started playing Irish music.
I ordered myself a Harp's from the tap and a Kilkenny Burger.
Egg, red pepper cream cheese, bacon, and onion rings; it speaks for itself.
I love when a pub comes up with an original burger that actually works.The most memorable thing about that burger was the quality of the ground beef they used.
It was perfectly juicy, almost like a steak.
Dinner and drinks for two cost about $40 after tip and tax.
Not the cheapest burger I've ever had, but for this quality, it was more than worth the price.
I'll certainly be returning here, but I'd avoid the bar rush considering they packed the first floor on a Wednesday.

Quick review: solid pub-fare food, better than most offerings.
A bit pricey, but atmosphere is wonderful.
A good place to meet for an informal dinner with friends when good conversation, good food, and a cozy environment are required.
Detailed review: We stopped here on Sunday night, after spending the day in Milwaukee at the Bucks/Knicks game.
Arrived at around 7:00pm and we were starving, so when the host was able to quickly seat us, we were more than pleased.
I was immediately struck by the vibe and feel of the place - cozy, but open; a mix-mash of furniture; ornate/medival hardware; some dark wood; and lots of faux finish.
Curtains served as dividers and a large, dark wooden bar looked inviting.
We promptly ordered a round of drinks, and two appetizers: beer cheese dip and the Lounge fries (essentially loaded fries).
Drinks arrived after a short wait; appetizers arrived within 10-15 minutes.
The fries were excellent - crispy, with hints of bacon, scallion, tomato, and a respectable amount of cheese.
Ranch and barbeque sauce (Sweet Baby Rays?
) were served on the side.
The beer dip was great, and came with a soft pretzel and sliced veggies (carrots, celery, and bell peppers).
Could've used another pretzel or two, especially for the $10 price tag.
We ordered a round of burgers - the Kilkenny and a Guiness burger, and an order of the peppered pasta with steak.
The food arrived within 20 minutes; our server was scarce at best.
Thankfully we didn't need much by way of refills.
When the Kilkenny burger arrived, I discovered three perfectly cooked onion rings sitting on a bed of red-pepper cream cheese spread, a burger (featured a nice char, but was over-cooked...
I requested medium-rare and received well-done), a slice of bacon, egg, and a nice roll (sourdough?).
Despite it being over-cooked, I dug-in.
The verdict?
Underwhelming.
I never really tasted much of anything... the bacon didn't jump out, nor did the egg or the roasted pepper cheese.
It was... well, just a burger.
:-(  After reading the rave reviews for this thing, I had much higher expectations and hopes.
I ate half of it, along with a few more fries, and then called it quits.
I was bordering on full, and had the burger been "to die for," I would've finished it, but alas, it wasn't worth it.
I felt bad only eating half of a $12 burger, but it is what it was.
We saw our server for a minute or two as he dropped off and picked-up our checks.
And with that, we left.
I'm told the pasta was good and that the Guiness burger was decent.
Brocah = MEH  Value = 1.5 stars (over-priced, but decent food) Food = 3 stars (better than standard bar fare) Service = 2.25 stars (scarce) MISC = 4 stars (great atmosphere)  The funny thing is, I find myself wanting to return - I'd like to go grab a beverage here again and give them another shot.
I guess that's what good atmosphere will do for a place.
It's not bad, just don't go in expecting a "top 5 burger" - upon further review, I'd have enjoyed a Culver's burger more.

What Can I say about a True Irish Pub that brings you joy in the mouth, fullness of the tummy and keeps your wallet still intact.
I have frequented Brocach several times over the years, discovered impeccable lunches, celebratory dinners and outdoor patio adventures in the warm months.
Brocach is a "have to repeat that" kind of pub.
Personally I do love the Roasted Beet Goat Cheese salad with the Pistachio Vinaigrette .
OMG   We (meaning son, friends  etc) have experienced so many incredible dishes, fine Irish Whiskeys,true Black and Tans and some of the most Authentic Irish Cuisine this far from the Isle itself.
Love the bartenders (some of the more fine things to behold in my opinion)  oh stop...and the Music..ambiance is unbeatable.
You must visit and experience.
I insist.
I leave you with this...
Some Guinness was spilled on the barroom floor when the pub was shut for the night.
Out of his hole crept a wee brown mouse and stood in the pale moonlight.
He lapped up the frothy brew from the floor, then back on his haunches he sat.
And all night long you could hear him roar, 'Bring on the goddam cat!
'  Sláinte!

This is a 5 star review for the fish fry, which was melt in your mouth delicious.
Had to slooww it down on the walk home after eating because we were so full of fish, in the best possible way.
Don't miss out on the marble rye bread!
And curry cole slaw was a nice touch, too!

Being from the UK, I find the concept of Irish themed Bars a little baffling, but really liked this one!
They didn't only serve Irish beers, but had a nice little selection of local brews, which made it all the more unique.
It was a very dead night in Madison (we think all the students must have gone home), so we sat outside and enjoyed wonderful views off the capital building, which was all lit up and only steps away.
All in all a pleasant evening with great drinks, decor and service!

I love this place so much that my fiance and I chose to have our rehearsal dinner upstairs in the lounge (reserved for no fee).
The atmosphere is so unique and cozy.
There's really no place like it in town.
The food NEVER disappoints.
Their chefs must really know what they're doing because their food is the kind that makes me say, "This is soo good," after every bite.
That's how you know I really love something.
For brunch try the corned beef and hash--to die for!

Food wasn't exciting, but at least I could buy a Magner's Cider.

visited this spot on the spur of the moment because it's directly across from the capital where they do the concert on the square with a colleague and her dad from out of town.
i love irish pubs.
my staple is to immediately go for the fish and chips.
i seem to judge a pub on this dish, aside from any ales they make on tap (if it's a micro brew).
but my eyes scanned the menu and i got caught up with some very uncharacteristic choices.
we ordered the sweet chili shrimp for starters.
very nice skewer of large shrimp and who can resist sriracha sauce?
for an entree i ordered the lemon pepper fettuccine in an olive oil with mushrooms, leeks and parmesan.
you have a choice of chicken, steak or salmon, but because i was such a fan of the shrimp, i asked my server if i could order it with shrimp instead.
she told me they didn't serve shrimp... huh?
i reminded her that i just had shrimp for the app, and she goes, "oh!
no, those are PRAWNS.
" i couldn't help but laugh at this.
nonetheless, i asked her to check with the kitchen to see if that would be possible.
when she returned, she said they couldn't do it.
funny.
how hard is it to sautee a few shrimp and toss them on some pasta.
right about now i'm regretting not getting the fish and chips.
but i simply order another shrimp app with the meal and tell her i'll put the shrimp in the pasta my damn self.
sheesh.
food is good though.
a little heavy handed with the oil, but the texture of the noodles was good, the flavor was pretty nice and light, and of course the shrimp set it off.
place was noisy like a pub which i liked and expected, happy people having a good time.
good beer choices as well.
i'll be back for the fish and chips.

Great Irish pub in Madison.
Love the decor inside and out in the front patio.
You don't feel like you're in Madison anymore.
Excellent fish and chips here, BUT I have noticed that over the years, the portions for fish and chips have gotten smaller.
It makes me want to come only on the days when they serve all you can eat fish and chips.
I think, Fridays???
The roast chicken is another one of my favorites at Brocach.
yum.
If you want something on the healthier side, order the greek salad with chicken.

A fun place to hang out, especially when the bars further down State Street are crawling with students.
Good beer selection and pretty decent food.
Oh, and Brocach has the most amazing black bean burger I've ever tasted.
Seriously.
I don't care if you're normally a carnivore, order the black bean burger and cherish every bite.

Ate lunch with my wife here.
The food menu is not very large (one sheet - front and back), but it has a lot of traditional items on it, and they offer a daily special if you feel like saving some cash.
The drink menu was quite a bit larger than the food menu (part of being a "pub" I suppose), but I was unable to sample off of it due to having to return to work.
Food was surprisingly very good for the simple dish that I ordered.
The environment definitely works - it's basically what I imagined in my mind's eye of what a traditional Irish pub would be, which I (sadly?
) picture being like The Prancing Pony from the Lord of the Rings.
Large wooden booths, dimly lit, a little dingy, almost castle-like.
At first when you walk in it seems almost *too* dimly lit, like a dungeon, but eventually you adjust to it and it normalizes.
Will probably return sometime in the future to try some more traditional items off of the menu.

The food was excellent and our large party enjoyed the variety of beers on tap.
As a vegetarian, I had many options, two of which proved to be delicious: the potato leek soup and the cheddar melt.
Our waitress, Tasha, was pretty rude though.
I'm guessing she ignored us and gave us terrible service because she knew she was guaranteed the 18% for our group of 8 or more.

My husband and I started out with the beer cheese dip appetizer.
It was delicious.
It was 4 generous pieces of amazing pretzel bread accompanied by slices of bell peppers and carrot sticks.
The beer cheese dip was great...I maybe could have used just a little bit more though...we ate every last bit of the dip.
For dinner, my husband order the corned beef and cabbage entree.
After insisting to him that I do not like corned beef, he finally got me to try it.
I bet he wishes he wouldn't have...because after that I was sneaking bits of meat off his plate for the rest of the meal.
It had so much flavor and it almost melted in my mouth because it was so tender.
I would highly recommend trying it!
I ordered the shepherd's pie which was also delicious.
It's the perfect comfort food...meat and veggies topped with delicious mashed potatoes.
It's a very hearty meal, and I thoroughly enjoyed my leftovers the next day.
They also had live music which was very nice.

I went here with a large group of my family (a party of 8), and was pleasantly surprised when they were able to immediately accommodate us at 8pm on a Friday night with no reservation.
The décor isn't that great, but I am willing to overlook it because of the fact that we had couches to sit on at our table and the food was, with a few exceptions, pretty good.
With a party the size of ours, we tried a fair amount of the items on the menu.
Their loaded fries, or whatever they call them, are awesome!
They were immediately demolished by our table.
The beer cheese was also delicious, and the steaks we had were perfectly cooked.
My two complaints about the food were 1.
Their fried fish was bland (my party concurred) 2.
Tooooo much pepper in some dishes.
Their potato leek soup tasted like the cap fell off the pepper while the spice was being added and they just went with it.
It was just too much.
This was echoed in the lemon-pepper fettuccine alfredo, but was still a pretty solid dish even with the peppery burn to every bite.

We just moved to Madison and are SO HAPPY to have found Brocach.
I have never been impressed with Irish pubs, so for me to say this is pretty big!
We went once for brunch, and I got a delicious yogurt parfait.
The yogurt was done very well -- not too sweet, not too tart.
They also put in some dried fruit to give a really interesting texture next to the fresh fruit and granola.
Derek got the crazy crazy dish -- fries with cheese curds, beef brisket, poached egg, hollandaise sauce.
He couldn't finish it and was so full for hours.
I also loved my cocktail - Irish lady!
Last night, we went there for dinner.
We started with the beer cheddar cheese dip.
The pretzel breadsticks were absolutely heavenly.
The cheddar tasted great with the raw veggies, too.
Derek loved his burger, and his beer, and found that part satisfying.
I got the black bean burger ... it was eh.
I liked the pretzel bun, but the black bean burger was quite dry.
I put a lot of mustard on it to moisten it up and then that flavor took over.
I wish they'd work on the recipe a bit there because I know it could be so much better!
I did enjoy my strong Paddy Mint, though.
Dessert?
Astounding.
Cheesecake flavored with a bit of Bailey's.
YUM.
Also -- great seating and great decor.
The service is pretty nice, but we did expect more niceness from Madisonians.
Music was well done and very fun!

Delicious wisco fries (chili, cheese curds, and spinach)and pretzel breadsticks.
You also should try the scotch egg, which is a hard-boiled egg in wrapped with sausage, which is then breaded and fried.
It sounds scary but is actually pretty good.
Bar service is great and they have fantastic late night drinks specials.
$5 glasses of wine and stoli doli martini.

I'm a huge fan of this place.
The Irish food at this place is absolutely fantastic and definitely holds a candle to the food I've had in Dublin and Galway.
The atmosphere is top notch, and they have a decent selection of beers on tap (I think it was 12ish?).
Price is more than other places in Madison, but it's not outrageous since food/drink seems to be cheaper in the area overall!
$12-15 for a main dish.

We just went for brunch again today ... and sad to say, we were disappointed.
:( Maybe it's because the first two times were such a success?
Mostly we wanted to point out that the $3 side of asparagus was extremely disappointed, laughable, and totally overpriced.
It tasted okay but I assure you, you can do the same thing at home with an oven and some olive oil.
They gave us about 6 pieces and just threw them on a plate without any thought for presentation.
I felt quite cheated -- it should've been a dollar at the MOST.
Boo.

After walking around Madison for a while, I decided to give this a try for dinner - and enjoyed it enough that I went back a second time a few days later.
Great beer, good service, and tasty food.
Nice atmosphere, too.
There are lots of interesting restaurants in this area, and this is one of the tops.

Brocach was just what I needed to satisfy my fill of Irish ambiance.
Thankfully I had Yelp to rely on while searching for Irish grub last week.
Carol K.'s review peaked my interest and did not disappoint.
Thank you Carol K.!
We were there on a Tuesday night hoping to enjoy good Irish food and traditional Irish music.
We didn't get the live Irish music (not surprising on a Tuesday night), but we listened to Irish music piped throughout the restaurant while enjoying our Irish dinner and traditional Irish beverages.
Cait was our waitress and was on point with her recommendations and timely check-ins.
Cait shared the drink specials which allowed us to have more of what we originally requested (plus an extra shot of whiskey for another $1!).
This was such a good deal that I'm sharing the breaksdown of this special.
DRINKS: Husband's Irish beverage of choice:  -Guinness - reg.
$5.25 (half-pints available for $3.75)  - John Powers - reg.
$5.25 (2 oz.
shot of Irish Whiskey) *Special = $6.25 for a pint of Guiness and shot of John Powers  Wendy's Irish beverage of choice:  - Jameson and coke is what I requested; however, Cait's recommendation was to take advantage of the *half-priced Irish Whiskey & Scotch special and upgrade to the 18 yr. Jameson with a coke on the side.
It was perfect...and I only had to cough up $6.00!
FOOD: My husband enjoyed the shepards pie and said it was good, but needed more meat, veggies, and gravy to go along with the heap of mashed pototoes.
He can't wait to come back and try the Irish Stew.
I ordered the fish and chips.
You can't go wrong with Harp battered haddock filets.
Everything was very fresh and with just enough fish and a good portion of "chips".
I probably ate too many of the chips since they were really good and I can't stop once I start eating them with the malt vinegar.
Certain meals are served with brown bread and I think it would be a nice touch for them to include Kerry Gold butter on the side.
It's from Ireland and it's good...no need to elaborate.
MUSIC/AMBIANCE:  - Music lineup is good if you can catch them on the right days and times.
- Live Irish music on various evenings...approx.
7 nights per month.
- Great ambiance with traditional feel throughout the restaurant and pub area.
- There is also a second floor (which I did not go up to) and you can view an interior balcony area from the first floor of the restaurant.
TIPS:   - Check out the music lineup on my photo (as of Nov. 2011).
It is not on their website.
- Happy Hour is every day 3-6PM and 10PM - Close  - All you can eat Fish Fry on Friday's.
$15 from 4:30 - 10PM  - I saw a sign in the restroom that promoted Private Parties with no party room charges.
- Trivia night: Sunday @8PM w/ drink specials and prizes  - Brocach is pronounced BROH-kaw  - Parking can be tricky.
Some meters have 15 min limits or 1 hour limits, but will take all of your coins if you drop them in the meter.
I was a little confused since our meter indicated a 15 min limit with a 1.5 hour max time.
I will definitely be returning to Brocach whenever I'm in Madison.
Hopefully, the Irish bands will coincide with my schedule.
I'd also be interested in trying them out for breakfast sometime.
My standards are pretty high for a proper Irish breakfast...so Brocach, I hope you're ready!
Sláinte!

The last time I went here I was served sweet potato fries that gave me and five of my friends horrible diarrhea.
Instant one star for lack of proper food safety.
They were delicious though.

New to  Monroe Street this Irish Pub has the atmosphere of Ireland without all the smoke.
Great service, food and from what it looked like from a teetotaler, a good supply of Guinness.
The Fish & Chips, and the Mac & Cheese were hot & tasty.
We'll be back.

Had brunch here on Saturday.
I decided to try the fried chicken Benedict.
It was splendid.

I've been to Brocach for the past few weekends and keep wanting to come back!
It's got a great vibe and is full of a variety of people- from the suits enjoying the end of their workweek to older students in jerseys and jeans.
Last night, I ordered a drink and didn't realize it came with a cherry (which I'm allergic to).
I mentioned something to the waiter and he immediately went back to the kitchen to check the cherry type, then remade my drink and brought it right back.
The entire time, he was super nice and even apologized for not mentioning that it came with a cherry, even though I should've been the one who asked him!
He served us with a smile and was very accommodating, even though the place was pretty crowded.
I definitely recommend it as a great place to relax and be around a bunch of welcoming people, customers and staff alike.

Food was just overcooked and sat in the window for too long.
The Irish coffee is usually good, but sucked when they were busy.
They took the stuff we didn't eat and drink off the bill.
Everyone was awkward and didn't know how to handle us.
And we got walked past empty tables and sat at some tiny table next to the kitchen

In full disclosure, I have been boycotting this place since they botched my wedding rehearsal party 2.5 years ago.
A bride never forgets.
However, I was forced back there this week with co-workers.
I was seated in a booth with an enormous hole in the center (think toilet).
The black bean sliders were bland and mushy, served on a dry bun (guacamole was promised, but not delivered), with the tiniest shred of rubbery cheese on top.
Two of us ordered this and both of us agreed - never again.
I tried a bite of the truffle fries and they were pretty good.
Although, I would eat cardboard if you drizzled enough truffle oil on it.
The Guinness is solid, for America.
The kicker.
They inquired about whether they could seat another party in our booth - like, with us.
It took everyone by surprise but me, since that was the same thing did for my wedding rehearsal dinner.
Two parties in the same room.
But that time they didn't ask.

Went there on a Tuesday night and while place was empty, they sat us in booth towards the back next to the service bar and near the restrooms...sat for 10 minutes for a drink order, mind you the manager was sitting at the bar with her back to us just talking to bartender.
Finally, the waiter gets there and we give him the full order (drinks+meals).
Drinks and food came promptly...the Ruben was very tasty.
Overall food quality is good, however service was seriously lacking!
Staff including manager should be more aware their guest!

Friendly staff.
Good Irish brews and food.
Had breakfast here with a friend.
The sausage with the bangers and mash was excellent.
I had the lox which was pretty great too

Is it too late to sign up for the Crazy Lakes run?
Because all these extra calories need to go somewhere!
My friend and I both ordered the all-you-can-eat fish fry for $15.
The price is a little steep for what basically is fish and chips, and after ordering, we realized that we should have probably ordered only ONE all-you-can-eat to split and ordered another salad/side...but I guess there's always next time, because i KNOW i will be back for their fish fry Fridays...sometime in the way, way future when my body has finally finished detoxing/processing all of the oils I just consumed..
The fish fry came served on a bed of thick cut french fries, with a side of curry slaw and some sort of marbled rye bread.
The fish was well cooked - flakey and tender - and I thought the beer batter added the perfect crunch to the filets.
YUM!
The tartar sauce that came with the fish was  delicious as well!
Although the fries were amazing piping-hot, as they started to cool down, they started to taste kind of bland... but no matter, the 5 stars go entirely to the fish fry.
DELISH.
Madisonfishfry.com, you've got to add Brocach to your top 10!

This past March, on my our very first trip to Madison, (from Chicago) my partner and I decided on food and a Pint at Brocach's.
Even though it was a little chilly that day, we had a couple pups with us and decided to brave the elements and sit outside.
The vegetarian Sheppard's pie was amazing as well as the Guinness, but that is not the only reason we fell in love with this place.
A homeless man, who appeared to be under the influence or living with mental illness, decided to claim a table at the outside seating area and disrupt other customers.
The manager, (do not know her name but she appeared to be in her late 20's with blond hair, came to diffuse the situation.
I have never seen such warm and beautiful treatment of another human being by restaurant staff.
I'm sure it happens, but I think our first instinct is to yell and scream and call the police.
This manager asked the man to leave, allowing him autonomy to do so.
On the third attempt she helped him over to the bus stop, entertaining his ramblings and protecting him from the hard concrete that he was destined to fall to!
When she returned, I praised her actions and she said it was nothing as she retrieved a glass of water for this gentleman to rehydrate with.
While trying to run an establishment, this amazing woman took the time out to help a fellow human being, and treat him with the respect that I am sure not many give him.
So to you blond manager, thank you for being a wonderful human being!!
Everyone should visit Brocach's if in Madison not only for the warm service, but for the food too!!
For a couple vegetarians at an Irish pub, our meals and beers were amazing!
Vegetarian Sheppard's Pie and Guinness ftw:)

Quiche is huge and delicious!
Changes daily.

Alright so this place was probably my favorite of the whole trip to Madison.
First.. Murphy's.
That is a DELICIOUS beer!
Second.. Sheppard's pie.
Awesome!
Service is awesome, place has AC, great location..
Wish I could try more but alas, time limits.
I had several delicious beers here that I will definitely remember!

I have eaten here several times while staying at the Inn On the Park nearby.
Tonight I ordered a "Dublin" burger.
It was kind of terrible.
Meat was cold, sauce was colder and overly sweet, and it was missing the mushrooms and bacon advertised.
Just...nothing.
Had a salad with it that included fishy-tasting Caesar dressing.
One of my friends had shepherd's pie which he described as tasting "like a hamburger with peas in it.
"  Service was adequate.
Overall, not impressive.
Dunno if I'd willingly go back.

Ok, here for an event and nothing was open.
We were parked right in front of the Brocach on Main.
Checked out the menu, it sounded good.
Went in, placed an order for two salads.
One Chicken Ceasar and one Southwest with a crabcake.
So, the Ceasar....incredibly disappointing.
Bland.
Runny dressing that didn't taste like Ceasar.
Iceberg lettuce only.
No romaine or anything.
They even forgot the cheese on it.
The chicken was actually tasty but very small in portion considering they charge an extra 4.00 for it.
So 12.00 for a very boring salad and an extra 1.00 for an extra side of dressing.
Pathetic.
The southwest salad, the guy who had it said basically the same thing.
Very bland and boring.
The crabcake, pretty good was the answer.
All in all, way over priced and bland.
To somewhere else.

I held my wedding reception here for about 40 people and was given the run of the entire upstairs for the night.
We had a great time and the service was wonderful...we hit a few snags but were always able to work it out quickly and without any of my guests being any wiser :)  I would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a laid back but still classy place to have a private party and especially to the budget bride who doesn't want to pay thousands of dollars just to rent a reception venue.
They even recommended a cake maker who turned out to be an excellent choice, she did an amazing job on our cake and really contributed to some beautiful memories.
We had our own wait staff and bartender and all of my guests told me how much they enjoyed the intimate atmosphere...not really any room for dancing (although we did use the small area near the front as our private "first dance" area) but neither one of our families are the dancing type...although if they had been, there certainly would have been room if we had wanted it.
We used the private party menu which had some very good choices available and at reasonable prices too.
Overall the ambiance was intimate, the staff were very friendly and attentive, and we had a great time, as did all of our guests...and the best part is that I was able to arrange all of this by email as I live in Portland, OR!
Caitlyn and Sam were both very helpful and gave me some great advice on how best to use my limited budget and it turned out beautifully.

Let me start by saying... We went on the best night on the best day with the best weather.
This place was awesome.
Live irish music on fridays, phenomenal bangers and mash!
The shepherds pie was pretty good.
The sweet chili shrimp was yummy, but just as expensive as my entree, so I didn't think it was worth it.
Overall, apps are way over priced, but the beer, irish dishes and atmosphere totally made the place.
I drank a delicious snakebite.
But the bangers and mash had this apple saute on top that blew my mind.
GET THEM.

Visited on a Saturday during the Farmer's Market with family, and so glad we did.
The Restaurant has so much character and ambiance, the Menu is a traditional Bar/Irish pub menu with lots of options.
My father in law had the fish and chips which looked great and he raved about.
My wife and I shared the poutine which was great.
Service wasn't great but wasn't terrible either.
We will definately come back.

Both my husband and I grew up in the restaurant industry.
We are very critical of where and what we eat.
This is my first, and will probably by my only, 5 star rating.
We have been to Brocach many times.
Each time we are impressed with the food and the service.
We generally go to dinner on a Friday, Saturday, or Sunday evening around 7-8pm.
We've always been greeted and seated right away.
The salmon is unbelievably good.
Most places dress salmon up with a sauce because it can be a fickle fish to prepare.
it can be underdone, or overdone.
The Broach's salmon was prepared perfectly!
They are so confident in their ability to cook a good salmon, that it is served minus a sauce.
Superb all around.
My last meal was the Berkshire Porkchop.
I took one bite and had a religious experience.
Definitely recommended!
Besides the food, the service is great.
Management has always been present and our servers have always been exceptionally knowledgeable and polite.
In fact, our server last night, Zack, actually ASKED if he could take our plates when we  were finished.
That is a level of politeness rarely found in these days of 'feed 'em and get 'em outta here' mentality.
We never found ourselves waiting for a server, our food was served quickly, efficiently, and was excellent.
The management and servers are warm and inviting.
Because of the prices, this is often a once month or every other month splurge for us.
But the cost is worth how delicious the food is!

The best Fish Fry I have had.
Good pieces of fish with a thin crisp coating.
No skipping on the fish part.
On Friday you can get All You Can Eat.
The service was excellent and a great Irish atmosphere.
Was dark and loud music is playing FYI.

Stopped in out of the rain on a Wednesday night on my way to local recommended, Graze.
Wish I had brought an umbrella.
Don't get me wrong.
I like irish pubs and this one is not bad.
The Brocach's beer was good and the irish whiskey collection tempting.
The brats that I ordered were also good, though if I was to do it again or offer any recommendation it would be to ask for the apples and sauce to be on the side as it overwhelmed the other flavors.
Just the same for $13, I can forgive quite a bit.
Then again, I would have been happy to pay more should it have inspired the wait staff to be more welcoming.
College hang out + college age wait staff = college age disinterest in "customers" or "trying to do a good job".

We stopped at Brocach for dinner one Saturday night after walking around the square and being met with long waits at several of our other dining options.
Brocach had available seating and we jumped on the chance to avoid a wait.
Normally, the lack of a wait would make me nervous, but we went with it & I had heard good things about Brocach in the past.
I shouldn't have worried, though.
The restaurant seemed to fill up within minutes of our arrival and there was a crowd of people waiting to be seated when we leave about an hour later.
Enough about the wait or lack of it - on to the food!
My husband was "starving", so we got an order of lounge fried immediately.
SO GOOD.
Although how can fries smothered in melted cheese + bacon be bad?
Yep, it can't.
I ordered a salad and a cup of potato leek soup for my meal.
The soup was delicious, the salad was just ok.  My husband ordered Bangers & Mash at the recommendation of our server.
He really enjoyed it.
I tried a bite too, and LOVED the added sweetness from the apples.
He also ordered a couple of drinks, and enjoyed the large & creative drink menu.

I love me some good Irish pub food, and Brocach fits the bill.
As a fan of the Milwaukee location, I was glad to see that the Madison spot offers equally tasty fare.
They accommodated our group of 8 with reservations during a busy conference in the area, which was great.
It was a slight headache to explain split checks to the waitress, as they have a policy against splitting beyond a certain number.
Thankfully, it worked out easily enough.
I ordered the potato leek soup, which was surprisingly delicious.
I probably could've made an entree out of that alone.
However, I paired it with the Rachel (turkey Reuben), which was so, so, so good.
Great food, beautiful location right on the Capitol Square, and helpful staff.
Worth visiting again.

Dude... for a pub, the food here is superb.
No joke, I have had every single one of the Irish specialties on Brocach's menu, even the vegetarian shepherd's pie (and I'm a meat lover).
They are usually both quality and quantity.
So if you go to here, you can probably pick anything in that section and it'll be a safe bet that you'll be satisfied (maybe not, since you'll probably want to come back and try the other stuff).
I'm also a fan of the Irish Stew.
It's an interesting and original dish, with beef, lamb, and veggies cooked in Guinness broth.
Give it a shot if you're brave.
Sadly, I haven't had anything other than the Irish specialties, but I'm sure the other stuff is good too.

We went to Brocach's during the last day of restaurant week and were seated right away!
I had the Beer Cheese burger and it was really good!
The atmosphere was fun and it wasn't too loud to hold a conversation.
There's a ton of delicious sounding food on the menu, so we'll definitely be back!

Their burgers... yuuuuuum!
You honestly can't go wrong with any of their burgers.
On top of that, they make a mean Shepard's Pie, do a great Fish N' Chips and serve some delicious soups.
Oh, and not to mention, they have a pretty extensive drinks list.
I get it, Madison, you have some amazing pub food.
Now if only there were more Chinese options...

Delicious food - lots of vegetarian options.
I highly recommend their vegetarian shepherd's pie, which is nearly impossible to finish.
Perfect comfort food.

Eh.
For the big Irish pub on the square, this is just average.
I like the ambiance.
It is a place to sit and have a pint while chatting with friends.
It never gets too loud.
Upstairs, the couches are fun, almost Alice in Wonderland inspired.
Prices are a bit high, but if you happen to luck out for happy hour then you are golden.
They have happy hour everyday from 10pm to close.
It is a nice place to end your day and get a deal.
I have had their food a couple of time.
It is ok.
I am just not overly excited about this place.
They always card.
ALWAYS.
Kind of annoying because I am obviously over 21 and there creates this HUGE congestion at the door.
I do not hate this place but I do not love it.

BURGERS.
Burgersburgersburgers.
Eat them here.
Especially the Dublin City.
I don't like Guinness at ALL, but I loved the Guinness Stout sauce on that burger.
Everything on it was cooked perfectly (fried onions, bacon, the burger itself, and there were no green vegetables involved--but sometimes it's just good to have an honestly unhealthy burger, you know?
I also tried a bite (or two...or five) of my friend's roasted beet salad, which was SO delicious.
I love a good goat cheese/fruit salad, and this one was awesome.
The pickle that came with my burger tasted more like a cucumber than a pickle, but other than that, the food was amazing.
Service was great too.
Our server was friendly, quick, efficient, and got all our orders right with no problems.
I was also really impressed with the host staff--we came in at about 8 on a Friday night with a group of five, told them we were expecting to have seven of us, and they seated us right away at the couch-booth-table-thing!
So great.

I've been coming to the Brocach for seven years, since before they even employed "Sinjin," everyone's favorite con artist (http://tinyurl.com/m8mer6t - for some reason, the article confuses the Brocach with the Claddagh; no wonder people aren't buying newspapers anymore).
It's now my favorite place for bar trivia in Madison, though the drinks and food are fairly average.
First, the atmosphere.
The bar has two stories, with several different seating areas and table/booth options, and an outdoor patio.
It's a little dark, as a proper Irish pub should be, with heavy dark wood and plush padding on the seating areas.
It can get loud on the weekends and during St. Patrick's Day, since there isn't much on the walls or ceiling to absorb the sound.
The bathrooms are kept clean and well-stocked, and they even (finally) fixed the lock on the stall in the upstairs women's bathroom.
The patio area is small and can sometimes seem cramped, and drunker patrons will sometimes smoke out there.
It's normally not too bad as long as you're sitting indoors, but sometimes it wafts up and in through the second-story windows (which are open during nice weather), which is fairly unpleasant for a non-smoker like myself.
Second, the staff.
They're great, absolutely one of the highlights of going there.
They're very capable, and enforce certain rules when they need to do so.
Marcos and Sam currently run Sunday night trivia, though Sam will be departing soon, and will be replaced by a long-time trivia regular.
They're funny, friendly, and conversational, and they're great at knowing the regulars - Marcos always remembers to talk to me about the latest Lifetime Movies (a shared campy obsession of ours).
The other night, I asked for a Diet Coke and Sam gave me a regular.
I noticed immediately, and he profusely apologized and rectified the mistake right away.
They also give great advice about the beer and scotch selections, and will pour beer samples if you're interested but unsure.
Sam and Marcos do a phenomenal job of juggling trivia questions and answer grading, pouring drinks, taking orders for food, running out plates, and clearing away empty glasses and dishes, all at the same time - not easy!
I've never had bad service here.
Third, the entertainment.
Trivia is on Sundays.
The teams with the best names each week get free whiskey shots for each of their players, and the names are one of the best parts of trivia night.
The Brocach staff write their own questions, a welcome difference from the dreaded Team Trivia WI with its incredibly stupid 15-point final question.
Their questions are interesting.
Some rounds are weekly fixtures: current events, a picture round, a matching round, potpourri, and occasionally literature.
They announce two of the trivia subjects each Sunday afternoon on their Facebook page, which is nice.
They're also really responsive to questions posted on their wall as to whether a usually-scheduled event will be taking place on holidays.
They do take requests for round topics, which is great!
There tends to be more of an emphasis on pop culture and media, and somewhat less of a focus on sports, which my team loves.
I've also been to open-mic nights, which are great.
They do a great job with the artists; nothing too loud or grating.
When one regular open-mic performer had an album coming out, the Brocach did a mini-album release party for him, which was great.
Live Irish music nights are fun as well, though it can get fairly loud pretty quickly if you're near the band.
Fourth, the food and beverages.
Both are somewhat overpriced, although the happy hour deals aren't bad.
The potato leek soup and Greek chicken salad are fairly good, but not standouts.
The lounge fries are addicting and delicious, and they're great for sharing in a group of 4-6.
The beer cheese dip is pretty gross; I'd recommend avoiding it.
Their corned beef (in both sandwich and with cabbage) is pretty knockout, as it should be at an Irish pub.
The reuben is delicious, although a bit greasy.
The thick-cut fries are great!
The Brocach burger is serviceable, but the black bean burger can get pretty dry.
My boyfriend is a big fan of the fish fry.
Another favorite of mine is the shepherd's pie.
I've never tried the main courses, though - they're comparatively very expensive.
The servers are excellent at listening to order modifications.
I have a friend who despises pickles, but I love them, so every time we go together, he asks to have his pickle put on a separate plate for me, and the server remembers!
The tap beer selection is diverse and seasonal, but quite good, and there's always a beer on special for trivia nights.
The scotch and Irish whiskey list is phenomenal (Old Midleton is insanely expensive and worth every penny when you drink it neat).
The mixed drinks are fantastic, especially the Irish coffee, but a bit expensive for a regular night.

I met a couple folks here after dinner to watch a game.
Although the crowd is much older than what I'm used to at the other establishments around the capitol, it was a nice reprieve from the college bar scene.
I wasn't in the mood for a beer, but they did have a delicious pineapple infused vodka sitting in a water dispenser on the bar that caught my eye.
Get it on the rocks or in a martini, either way, there is more than enough pineapple juice to cut the taste of vodka.
Dangerous.

Full disclosure: I don't think much of UK cuisine.
It's always struck me as bland and obvious, both in conception and execution.
Maybe that admitted bias is why I ordered the Reuben Breakfast Burrito for my first visit to Brocach.
The contents itself were done fairly even if the corned beef was (deliberately?
) over seasoned.
The eggs could have used some pop and suffered from the same overcooked problems most scrambled dishes do.
I also wouldn't have minded some more kraut.
The burrito's dough was tremendous however, light and flaky yet miraculously able to contain its contents.
The potatoes on the side were also well cooked and not overly salty.
The service was excellent, I might add.

Got ripped off majorly here.
Unprofessional service and indifferent staff.
Disappointed because of nice ambience.

Great atmosphere reminiscent of an Irish Tavern with traditional Irish food nicely presented in good size portions at a moderate price

We have been to Brocach on a few occasions in both locations.
The staff are good and attentive.
They can cater for celiac and have a list that can help you decide.
I always like the full Irish breakfast.
My wife got a biscuit with egg, cheese and rasher with a side of breakfast potatoes and fresh fruit.
They changed our order because it had a sauce we did not request, so a whole new portion of potatoes and fruit.
I think it is priced fairly well.

Man, other people really love Brocach on Yelp, huh?
It's fine, if you invite me there I will totally go with you (so, not 8 Seasons Grille.
I will not go there, no no no, you can't make me), but it's not as good as other places in the same price range in Madison, so why?
Why are we going to Brocach?
I've been there a bunch, to both locations, but I can't remember what I ate, what I drank or the servers.
Because they were meh.
I guess you want meh sometimes, so in those time, this could be a good choice.

First off, I am an Irish born (Tuam, Co. Galway) Irish-American.
This is one of the worst FAKE Irish pubs I have ever been in, reminds me of an Irish themed Chuck-E-Cheese.
The management was rude, wait staff was rude..food and drink far to costly.
$12 for a bloody shot of Redbreast, are you freakin kidding me.
I ordered the Salmon, cuz its hard to FU fish, but they did.
The salmon was over cooked, very small, and very costly.
DO NOT GO TO THIS FAKE IRISH PUB.
have been in Irish pubs all across Ireland and the world and trust me when I say this is as fake as fake gets.
Stupid Yanks will pay almost anything to think they are in mt country.
Wake up America, don't go into overpriced fake Irish pubs.
Take the money you would spend in these places, save it an go to Ireland.

I really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really like this place.
I'm not one for Irish Pubs, really.
I mean Guiness is alright and everything, but I much prefer an American craft stout generally speaking.
And Irish food is pretty straightforward, right?
Root vegetables and beef.
That's what I thought.
I don't know how, but Brocach has completely changed my view on this point.
Their bangers and mash were downright dream worthy, and the cool cave-y ambiance really struck a chord with me.
It's got a nice location near the capital and they have a big projection screen so they can show movies for parties and whatnot.
It's a good setup.
Service is prompt and prices are only slightly more than what I want to pay.
Given how the bangers and mash were so darn inventive, I don't even mind the slightly above-comfort cost.

Great beer cheese dip.
Irish Stew and corn beef and Cabbage were wonderful.
You know how some Irish-American restaurants "americanize" their Irish food?
That is not this place.
Very authentic flavor and presentation.

Cold as hell and overly sweet would sum up my brunch experience today.
I wouldn't say I had a stellar first time at Brocach.
It was literally the coldest restaurant I've been in-we had a group of 18 people and every single person was unimpressed with the temperature of the restaurant.
If you have a warehouse of a restaurant, you really should be prepared to ensure your customers are not wearing their coats while eating.
Additionally, by the time food gets to your table, its cold too.
No one seemed to complain because I'm guessing at that point, we'd burned so many calories shivering that we were desperate to eat.
I ordered the carrot and ginger soup-thank goodness they forgot to charge me for it because it was so sweet that I seemed to be able to taste the sugar granules.
I'm not interested in food that a restaurant has to make so sweet that you can't taste any other flavors.
My quiche was huge...quantity over quality.
The crust was soggy and really just not very good.
The salad had a dressing that seemed to be sprinkled with sugar dressing.
The servers were nice and the restaurant itself is beautiful but that was about it.

The ambiance is Ireland-touristy rather than authentic Irish pub, if you've been lured into Bunratty Castle soon after landing in Shannon Airport, you know what I mean.
We came here after being discouraged by the disorganized looking long wait at a very nearby highly rated breakfast place one Sunday morning after checking out of the Madison Concourse.
This place had no wait (Sunday morning at 11) which raised suspicions, but I had high hopes for Irish breakfast.
Then I saw that they have poutine!
If you've never had poutine, it's a Canadian way of getting high cholesterol and dying early.
I wouldn't even know what poutine is if it weren't for Mayor Rob Ford of Toronto's antics, but now that I do know, I prefer my poutine without cocaine.
Here, they serve it with their Hollandaise sauce, which isn't quite right, ask to substitute their brown mushroom gravy instead, and that is the best way to undo any healthy diet you may be trying.
The Chief of Staff tried their biscuits and gravy which was okay, I think the way to go here is poutine plus Guinness on draught (is there really any other way?).
Service was good, really much better than what we saw around the corner at the top rated brunch place, next weekend morning we're in Madison, we're coming back here.

CORNED BEEF HASH.
It is good and you should get it.
And on that note, I would like to state that I experienced one of the best meals of my life in Madison at Brocach for their weekend brunch.
Yes, it involved the hash.
The slow cooked corned beef, caramelized onion, and house potatoes are all just beautiful.
Add some egg whites, wheat toast and asparagus and life is good.

Wow.
This place is a delicious cure for a hangover.
A group of 8 of us came here for breakfast on New Year's day and all of us left stuffed and satisfied.
We came a little after noon and they were out of biscuits, but since 5 of us had planned on ordering them, the cook said he'd make us some more.
Well worth the wait... they were fluffy clouds of excellence.
I had mushroom gravy with mine and it came with 2 eggs (your choice) and a mountain of potatoes.
My husband had the Brunch Poutine with fries covered in cheese curds, eggs, corned beef and hollandaise sauce.
He said it was fantastic.
We had bacon, sausage, and a fruit plate while we were waiting for the biscuits to be made and all were good.
The fruit plate came with granola that was super tasty.
I had a mimosa that was pretty good, but in hindsight I probably should have avoided because it tasted a little too much like the night before.They had a special buy one get one free bloody mary and they were definitely the better choice.
They were garnished with a pearl onion, mushroom, olive, and a pickle spear.
Our waitress was amazing, and the hostess and manager (?
) were super accommodating.
They made us up a table and put us right in front of the fireplace.

Brocach is great for dinner, private events, or a weekend night out.
There are two bars (one upstairs and one downstairs) and the place is big, so it is easy to find a table even on weekend nights.
The "Stoli dolis" (vodka that has been soaked in pineapple!
) are on special late at night and are AMAZING but beware they are way stronger than you would think.
I have been to a few private events in their upstairs area and the space is great for about 25 people.
The food is traditional irish fare (not my favorite type of food but they do a nice job) and the service is always great.

Had some cocktails here during the winter festival.
The atmosphere was great.
We didn't eat so I can't comment on the food but the service was very good and we will be back.
I'd recommend as a nice bar to gather at and I know they have live music as well.

I don't know if I went on a bad morning or what, but my brunch was just barely edible.
It was served only lukewarm, the eggs were soggy (not exactly sure how to describe them?).
The whole thing was actually pretty forgettable except for my disappointment in the food and my annoyance with the slow and pretty dismissive waitress.
The place wasn't even full and she took forever to come around to us again.
Also, I gues I would have thought most prices were overpriced for that food - but I really did not appreciate paying so much for soggy eggs I could have made better at home.
Only the company (a good friend) saved the day!
Not a fan.

Great bartenders, wonderful service, and OH MY GOD, their bangers and mash will blow your mind!
They are very well staffed, and table waits are never very long.
And although the food menu is not terribly extensive it is full of authentic, delicious Irish food.
And if you want a big menu to look at, they have an insane variety of whiskeys, all of which the servers and bartenders are very knowledgable on.
Easily the most underrated restaurant on the square.
Most definitely worth a visit.

Great atmosphere.
Great food.
Great price.
If you're looking for a delicious and interesting place to eat around madison i would definitely recommend this place!
I had the bangers and mash and it was very tasty.
Mashed potatoes all day erry day

Shame when a pub uses cheater pints.
Cheater pints being the industry term for 14oz glasses, and advertising pints.
OTOH, service was prompt, food was great.
Braised beef, house IPA.

Today at Brocach was a total miss.
My boyfriend ordered the poutine with corn beef which came out so cold the cheese curds didn't melt into the fries.
Corn beef had great flavor though.
I ordered the crab cake eggs benedict.
It was served barely warm and one of the crab cakes was about half the size of the other one.
I later ordered a pancake from the menu and was told they took pancakes off the menu.
When I asked why they were still on the menu if they weren't offering them anymore the server checked with the kitchen and they made the pancake.
I was grateful but when the pancake was served it was half their normal size.
Don't know what was up with Brocach today but they had the B or C Team working the kitchen.

Sadly, this is just not the place for me.
I usually give a restaurant at least three tries before they go on my "never to return" list.
This one is on that list.
I don't know if it is just the deeply irish menu or what but I was never able to stomach anything I ordered.
Understand, many of my mates who dined with me liked it and return.
The atmosphere is great.
Decor, inviting.
Service and staff were fine, but nothing I remember as being mind blowing.
It really just boiled down to the food that was either cold, bland or fatty.
It was unappetizing to look at much less eat.
Oh, and as much as I love being culturally minded, the bag pipes really do set my teeth on edge.
lol  Having said all that, this is a very personal review and one that simply means I won't be going back for a fourth visit.

Bangers n Mash.
AMAZING.
This is my first experience with Irish cuisine and I most certainly approve of Brocach.
I will most definitely be back!

I went here with some friends on a Monday evening and we all really enjoyed the food.
Everyone started with the potato leek soup.
It had a nice, light flavor and while it didn't necessarily stand out for me, it made for a nice start to my meal.
I also sipped on a Manhattan and a Cha Cha Cha while I waited for my entree, the bangers and mash.
I had to order it after reading all the positive reviews on Yelp and I was very pleased!
Each component of the dish tasted well on its own and came together for a very flavorful, well balanced meal.
Everyone else was happy with their orders, which were the Irish stew and fish and chips.
The service there was pretty spot on, but it wasn't too busy either considering the day.
Either way, I will be back again for sure!

Wooohooo absolute incredible Irish pub!!!
The bangers and mash are a must!!!!
I love the whole vibe of the place.
Order a Guinness (or 3) and some whiskey.
I can't believe I haven't tried this place yet.
Again the food alone will have you coming back

