Not as good as PF Changs, but still a really quality restaurant.
Pretty cheap prices as well.
I love the atmosphere at this place, good for dates or for just going out with friends.

Hands down the best quality Chinese restaurant in town.
Yes, PF Chang's is nicer inside but you would be better off going to Pei Wei for less than half the price.
Bamboo Club has many great dishes to offer including Mandarin Orange Chicken and Mongolian Beef.
No other restaurant uses fresher ingredients and tastes better.
The pieces of chicken are as white as can be and never have any grissle.
The desserts and specialty drinks are also worth coming for.
Bamboo Club is reasonably priced and has a very diverse menu that anyone can find something one.
Please consider going here if you are just thinking about it, you will be very pleased.

I wouldn't classify this a Chinese restaurant.
They serve (like their counterparts in other areas of town) a feaux-asian cuisine, highly americanized.
But I like that cuisine.
I just felt this restaurant (which I've been to twice, since I couldn't believe how whatever the food was the first time I went - but it was just as whatever the second time).
The service was good, and the outside seating was nicely done.
It doesn't have the parking issues of it's Tempe location.
But from now on, if I'm in the mood for this cuisine, it's Pei Wei or PF Changs (as if that's not redundant).

This is more of an Asian fusion restaurant, and very good.
The food is a little greasy, and a little bit pricey but worth an occasional visit.
Some of my favorites are the lemon grass chicken, spicy crackling calamari salad, and the sizzling spicy  tofu.
I personally think this place is better that PF Changs.
Mind you, it is still a chain, just a much smaller one.
Try it out, I don't think you will be disappointed.

I love this place because I can eat healthfully.
Steamed chicken and veggies...also it's nice they offer brown rice.
The ambiance is nice and almost always get seated right away.
The waitstaff is a bit inconsistent but overall, I come here for a healthy big plate of steamed food!

This place is over rated and I thought  the food was not good.

Overrated, food was just ok, service was spotty.
We had a large party (which increased in size by the time we reached the restaurant on a Sunday night) but the staff was friendly and rearranged things to accommodate our larger group.
With table shuffling and ordering tea (interesting variety of teas are served), it was more than an hour before our order was taken.
The food was uninspired and the serving size was average for a Chinese restaurant.
The restaurant managed to mess up several orders; one problem was solved quite nicely but another was not.
As we were leaving, a bordering-on-rowdy crowd was blocking part of the restaurant and entrance/exit and was drinking and smoking in front.
To their credit, the staff warned us about the problem, but it wasn't pleasant and it seemed like the staff had no control over the crowd.
This review is based on one visit while we were vacationing in Scottsdale.

This used to be one of favorite places to eat when I lived in Phoenix.
The fried rice, lemongrass chicken, spicy tofu, and calamari were all tasty.
The drinks were great too.
It is along the same lines as PF Chang's, but the dishes are different.

I LOVE the Bamboo Club - hands down the best Asian restaurant in Scottsdale.
Not only is the food absolutely delicious, but it's affordable.
In addition, they have a fantastic wine list - and a very knowledgeable and friendly staff.
One of my favorite places to eat in Scottsdale.

"Happiness comes in small doses, folks," as the venerable Denis Leary once touted.
Happiness comes in small doses at the Bamboo Club, as well.
You have to give them happiness kudos for doing something that no other food purveyor in town does: an 8 hour happy hour with a flurry of food items from $2-$6!
"Happiness hour" is every day from 4p-close.
I have had more than half the items here, and it is decidedly so that they made my happy.
The following appetizers are $2: Macadamia nut chicken skewers Fish taco $3: Sesame honey ribs Asian BBQ pork Edamame Halibut skewers $4 Coconut shrimp Seared Ahi tuna Asian shrimp cocktail Steamed mussels Crispy crab wontons Pot stickers.
Select martinis such as the Ginger cherry tini are $6  Lunch has amazing deals as well: From 11a-4p $9,95 gets you soup or salad, appetizer, entrée, and rice  The menu of food looks overwhelmingly light and healthy, offering something for every taste bud.
You can order sizzling, flaming, wok'd, and steamed here.
For the health concscious there are salads such as the strawberry chicken.
Halibut, sea bass, steak, tofu, peking duck, and curry all come together on this menu.
I come here solely for "happiness," as Asian Cuisine is not my bag.
I recommend it as a good spot for lunch and "happiness.

Consistently good food & service.
Modern Asian Fusion in case you don't know what they do.
Healthy options available, lots of great choices in both meat and vegetarian dishes.
This location is owner managed which always makes me happy and heopeful that somone is paying attention to details.
They apparenty have a pretty great happy hour and small plate program as well althought I go there and order full meals.
They also have a nice private room for meetings with AV set up and etc.
I can only hope that Brenda, the owner, will re-open the Biltmore location that somone else had, I'll come at least once a week - promise.

The Bamboo Club was a great evening out with wonderful food, great seating and crappy service.
Seriously our waiter was a total douche bag.
But looking back now, he couldn't have ruined the evening even though he tried.
We got there late (about 9:00 P.M.) and sat outside.
Love the décor, nice overall theme.
If I lived in Scottsdale, I would definitely be hitting up the bar from time to time- dark wood, good lighting, and a little lively!
The food was good, had the Pad Thai and some appetizers.
Good stuff, well, except one...
I don't know what kind of crack I was smoking that night but I wanted some tuna, since I hadn't had sushi in a couple of days.
What the hell made me order fish in the desert?
I have no effin' idea.
Of course the seared ahi tuna was frozen and it was horrible.
Not their fault, my bad.
Well maybe their fault, I hear (maybe a tall tale) that you can get some flown in, fresh, not frozen fish in Arizona...
So in recap- great place, cool ambiance, good food, awesome orange chicken, stay away from the seafood and that waiter needs a swift kick in the nuts.

In AZ for a few days holiday -- concierge at the Westin Villas told us about restaurant week.
What a deal!
We called Bamboo Grill for reservations -- and asked about the dress code.
Took several tries before they finally said "formal".
Then asked about a corkage fee--couldn't get a good answer.
Called back -- asked if there was a corkage fee and they said no.
Asked if we could bring our own wine -- and they said NO!
Then asked what the dress code was, and they said CASUAL.
Not sure about the corkage fee, but the dress code was casual and the in-restaurant service was terrific.
John was attentive, enthusiastic, and described the menu very well.
We enjoyed the coconut shrimp and seared ahi followed by the halibut and lobster.
Extraordinary halibut - so moist and flavorful.
The lobster was nicely done with just the right touch of chili-spice hotness.
And while the included wine wasn't a Merry Edwards Sauv Blanc or a Kistler Chardonnay, the Hope wine was tasty and matched the food quite nicely.
We are saving dessert -- cheesecake and ice cream with berries for a later tonite but I've no doubt it will be delightful.
A great value for AZ Restaurant week and a place you will want to return to when you are visiting the Scottsdale-Phoenix area.

Had never eaten here before but due to seeing an amazing coupon deal decided to try it out.
For two people you can get 4 courses for $29!
Basically you are only being charged for the entrees.
The good was the appetizer of Coconut Shrimp, the entree of Sizzling Saigon Shrimp was really tasty and we shared a very original dessert of White Chocolate Champagne Cake which we both enjoyed.
The only complaint was the beef which was a little chewy and flavorless and the decor could also use a little updating.
The service was awesome though.
We will be back for the shrimp and to try a few other things.

The Bamboo Club has an interesting history.
It was at one point, THE restaurant to dine in the Phoenix metro.
The first was orginally located in the Biltmore and I have fond memories of dining there.
Unfortunately, it expanded too fast and there were multiple locations that were forced to shut down including its vaunted Biltmore location, the Mill avenue restaurant and the Desert Ridge location.
I would describe it's cooking style as a fusion between Americanized "PF Changs" style food and authentic Hong Kong style Chinese fare.
This fusion is wonderfully balanced and it still makes the best orange chicken I've ever tasted.
The environment is purely Scottsdale.
It's very trendy with contemporary finishing and mood lighting.
Unfortunately, you also have the 30K millionaire waiters with their black t-shirts, model-wannabe good looks and arrogance serving you.
I remember one waitress told me that my choice wasn't "the most daring decision" regarding my ordering the orange chicken.
It was so funny because she had no idea how many time I had been into the restaurant and she was talking down to me as if I was some teenager.
Nonetheless, the hit or miss service and the price is what has always kept the Bamboo Club from truly reaching that next level.
That being said, don't let the critics disuade you from trying this amazing restaurant.
Yes, it isn't like eating in Chinatown in SF but only a moron would compare the Bamboo club to a restaurant like that since it's approach is completely different.
I've been to Honk Kong and have dined at the finest restaurants in NY and SF and trust me, the Bamboo is definitely worth checking out.

Had dinner there with Wifey last night, never been here before.
Very nice dining room, lovely decor, spacious & roomy.
Bar looked fun as well.
Had some low mein and a spicy chicken dish, asked for brown rice and the waiter brought both brown and white.
Nice.
Lettuce wraps were OK, not as good as Pei Wei or Flo's.
Service was impeccable, just perfect.
No 4 star rating because everything was great, just fine, just not that out of the ordinary or spectacular.
Kind of on the expensive side as well.

A previous reviewer gave them 4 stars despite being served fish that was still frozen in the middle, I'm giving them 1 star for that reason (primarily).
I've eaten fish at several Scottsdale restaurants without a problem; in fact, just last night I had halibut and my g/f had seared Ahi Tuna at 'The Bungalow' in downtown Scottsdale; there is NO excuse for serving badly cooked fish.
This WAS on a Monday, and the place was a bit dead, but - still no excuse.
The Halibut was dried out on the outside- over-dry (and I'm not talking about that nice crispness you get on the surface from grilling; this was just plain 'dry' below the surface) - and still raw in the middle.
It was probably the worst halibut I've ever had.
The place looks nice, and the other dish we had was 'ok'.
Our waitress was not great, though I wonder if in part she's doing what the 'corporate' guys want ... overly stressing how their menu identified items that might cause allergic reactions ... (yawn) ... reaching over the table and then saying 'pardon my reach' (if it's a problem, don't do it - there were 2 accessible sides to our table, so it seems like they are looking for things to apologize about ...)  This place is not cheap; for the price they charge, the food should be top-quality.

This place is amazing!
I'm sad that this is the last Bamboo club, because it has the Best Phad Thai noodle dish ever!
They also have good appetizers and other dishes.
You get a lot of bang for your buck when it comes to the entrees.

My friends and I eat here on occasion.
It's very good.
The service is fair, as I've never had to look up and wonder where my order is.
The staff come by often to see if we are OK or to give us updates.
The meal size is just right.
Have you ever had crunchy spinach?
It's pretty good!

My friends and I decided to try something new and headed to Bamboo Club since they advertise the "best asian" food in Phoenix and we had a coupon from Groupon.
The service was good.
Our waiter was very nice and attentive.
Always had a full glass of iced tea and the food came quickly.
However, the food was not what I would call "the best of Phoenix.
" My two friends and I ordered off the lunch menu.
We all ordered Hot and Sour Soup and let's just say that after a few sips we all pushed our bowls toward the center of the table.
Not edible ... had a bad after-taste and was gelatinous.
My meal was their version of the Kung Pao Chicken.
It tasted fine but I asked if they could make a healthier version and not saute it in a lot of oil and they were not able to accomodate that.
Overall, glad we tried something different ... good service, nice atmosphere, but the food was only "so-so".
Would recommend Pei Wei or PF Changs for better tasting food and they are able to accomodate special requests such as sauteeing in chicken broth instead of oil.

The only reason we ended up going here was due to a fabulous deal on Groupon, and it was quite worth it.
A little overpriced in my book, it was still fabulous.
The atmosphere was great, what with trees indoors, and fire tables, and more.
I like fire, ergo, I liked this place.
We'd made our reservation online with Open Table, and got there 7 minutes early.
We were told we'd have to wait, despite there being multiple open 4-tops.
Finally, 5 or 6 minutes AFTER our reserved time, we (a group of 4) was lead to a 5-top.
Um, ok?
Menu was awesome.
I liked that they had a vegetarian section, and that they mention they can use tofu in many of the other dishes.
However, please note that having tofu = $3 extra.
Yeah.
I was pretty pissed.
Drink menu was also good; a friend had the mango mojito and it was DELICIOUS.
Food wise, everything tasted good.
Not amazing, but good.
My partner had the sizzling chicken.
Enough to eat and take some home (with a wonton soup, which she said was ok).
Our friends shared the duck and the miso steak.
The duck was deemed to be tasty, although on the steak dish, they said the rice underneath was better than the steak itself.
All in all, 3 entrees, 1 app (egg rolls), 1 small soup, 1 lettuce wraps (plus $3 tofu), 2 iced teas and 1 mojito = almost $100.
That, to me, is pretty high priced, considering my meal alone was less than $15.
But that's what you get in Scottsdale I guess.
I'd come back with another coupon, or perhaps for dessert and drinks, but not for a full price meal.

The owner/manager had contacted me via email and asked if we would revisit Bamboo Club so that they could show us a more accurate representation of their food.
I was very impressed that they care about the opinions of their customers and thought that was great!
As in my previous review, the service was very good during our first visit and was just as equally good, if not better, this visit!
The customer service was great, recommendations were given for entrees, and they easily accomodated "no oil" and a healthier version of my entree.
My girlfriends and I ordered off the lunch menu and the food was so much better this time.
I ordered the cucumber salad which was great.
Tasted just like my mom's and was cool and crisp.
My friends had the Strawberry salad and it was so tasty ... the dressing was great.
We all ordered the Sizzling Saigon Shrimp with brown rice and it was fantastic.
Just the right amount of heat :)  We were very pleased and will be back!
Oh, almost forgot!
Even if you don't usually get desert you have to get the Hawaiian Macadamia Nut Cookie!
It is sooooo good :)

Went for a lazy Sunday afternoon late lunch/happy hour bites.
We chose to sit outside to enjoy the fantastic weather (ah yes, APRIL is why we live here!).
We also thought patio seating would be great if we decided on appetizers instead of a full meal.
Here's the one warning for everyone: Happy Hour on the patio is only good "on the cushions" according to our waitress.
If you go in and say patio and get seated by walking around the bar, forget getting HR.
If you walk through the bar and say patio seating and sit on the cushions - both menus are open to you...OK...
The service was good, the food tasty as usual.
Two gluten-free eaters in our group were extremely pleased.
Those of us without restrictions still opted for healthier options and enjoyed them all thoroughly (Pot stickers and strawberry salad for me - salad rocked!).
Everyone left full, but not overstuffed and very happy.
Will gladly return (though I will be sure to sit on cushions as I love their fish tacos and those are only available on the HR menu).

I used to love this place, and have been dining there since the location at the Biltmore Fashion Park was opened.
I took my Granny here the other day, although I hadn't been there in over a year.
It was just after 12:30pm, and we were one of 3 tables.
The music was horrid, loud techno, and our waiter Tomas had no knowledge of the menu.
I asked for the spicy tofu, even though he couldn't tell me what made it spicy or if there were animal products in it.
It came without any sauce at all!
Very bland, although everything was cooked well.
My Granny wanted orange shrimp from the lunch menu.
When we received the bill, we were shocked to see that they had charged us $17 for 7 pieces of shrimp!!
Apparently the shrimp wasn't on the lunch menu, so he charged double, without telling us first.
I understand why they are going under, a $40 charge for two lunch entrees is ridiculous.
We wont be back.

Seriously.
Meh.
I've experienced better.
Good service.
Very attentive.
We had three people taking care of our group of 10.
Pretty cool.
We ordered the sampler appetizer platter and some edamame.
Just ok.
I sampled one of the huge fried shrimp on the platter and it was overcooked to the point that i thought it maybe was chicken with a shrimp tail on it.
Ordered the won ton soup with dinner.
The broth was dark rather than the light broth that I normally expect.
Again, it was just ok.
Sort of tasted like a soy sauce mushroom water.
Strips of bbq pork were good, and the won tons were good.
Just gross broth.
Ordered the asian shrimp and filet skewers.
The filet skewer was cooked perfectly, but not hot.
I wouldn't even say lukewarm.
The filet was plain, even though there was supposed to be some Korean spice rub.
I really didn't mind because I don't like a lot of seasoning on a good piece of meat, but whatever.
The shrimp skewers were plain as well.
They were also ICE COLD.
Like they had been cooked an hour or two before and were just sitting out waiting to be plated.
The dish came with a salad...again, just ok.  Got a free dessert for Mother's day, so we ordered the meltdown chocolate cake.
It was supposed to be served with warm caramel and hot fudge.
So I expected a gooey melty chocolate cake.
Nope.
Just an ice cold piece of chocolate cake that may have come from Frys.
Too pricey for what we got.
Would have given it 1 star but the service was too good to not be acknowledged.
Next time, we'll go back to Golden Bhudda.

Food was ok, not great.
It seems like they're trying to be a Pei Wei/PF Chang but aiming to some better food.
They have great value lunch combos every day.
I ordered a combo that had wonton soup (avg, had too much soy Sauce), and then an eggroll (which was really good) an a shangai shrimp plate that was good, but nothing specisl, with fried rice, which was pretty good.
My gf had the pad thai, and she found it good, but not great.
The potstickers we had for appetizer were ok.  That being said, prices are very reasonable (especially the lunch combos at 10 dollars) and the service was good.
You could do better, but you could certainly do worse.

Though there are a number of excellent Asian food options (Thai, Vietnamese, and fusion) in our South Scottsdale neighborhood, we chose to venture north to dine.
I had actually been curious about Bamboo Club for a number of years, because both the Scottsdale and the Tempe restaurant have a nice looking ambience from the outside.
I had avoided it, however, because I heard that the food was overpriced and only average quality.
That assessment turned out to be spot on.
Bamboo Club is a restaurant that appears to be fully committed to emulating P.F.
Changs, while charging a higher price per plate.
My girlfriend had the honey sesame tofu and liked it.
I had the Hawaiian Macadamia Nut tofu and thought it was mediocre at best.
It lacked any real flavor, which could admittedly be in part caused by the tofu substitute for chicken.
However, I regularly substitute tofu for meat in Asian restaurants with a much more flavorful success.
The incorporation of the macadamia nut into the dish was interesting and proved to be the most flavorful part of the meal.
The brown rice was bad though.
I am not sure how a Asian Bistro messes up rice, but they did.
Plates at Bamboo Club typically price over $15, which makes for a dining experience whose cost far exceeds satisfaction.
Do yourself a favor and check out the Asian dining options between Camelback and McDowell Road in Scottsdale.
You will have a better dining experience.

I attended a happy hour at Bamboo Club and was not very impressed.
The happy hour prices were nice and they had both veggie and meat-dishes on the list.
The food was plated nicely and was relatively tasty.
HOWEVER, the service was not great.
The Bamboo Club is one of these annoying restaurants that throws out these happy hour specials that bring people in, but then do not provide enough room or staff for people that just come in for drinks and nibblies.
There were probably 40 customers in the restaurant when we were there.
I would say that about 35 of them were crammed into the tiny bar area set aside for happy hour.
We had a group of four people and asked if we could use one of the many, many vacant tables on the "restaurant" side, but were declined.
Then we tried to move a chair over to a table so that all of us could sit together.
Again, a server came over and told us that we could not move chairs.
Eventually someone got up from a 4-seater table and we could sit down.
I understand that the restaurant wants to provide some incentive for people to eat dinner there, but seriously?
The entire restaurant was almost vacant except for people crammed into the bar area.
The servers were not very accomodating about splitting the check either.
Overall, I would say that the not-so-nice service did not make up for the deals on happy hour appetizers.

You guys!
You can do so much better!
Way back in the day, your happy hour used to be amazing: top shelf pours @ Martinis were 50% - this was back when I don't recall a heck of a lot of places offering top-notch food & drinks at half-off.
But now?
EVERYONE is doing it, but not you - anymore.
That's why we had not been back here in 2 years.
Since we had something else in the area to do, but had to wait 30 mins, we decided to pop in and see if indeed you had stepped it back up.
NOPE.
Your appies were ok, so were the prices - fast service too!
BUT all your martinis were low grade spirits.
I hate that.
Also, because we were the only customers in the bar area, the staff thought it was ok to hang around, lean on the bar, gossip.
Then 1 was off duty but proceeded to yap about who was meeting whom and where.
As she stood.
At the door.
To the 113 degrees outside.
Holding the door wide open.
So the heat came in to us - for 5 mins.
DUH.
Sorry guys, but with the huge amount of specials out there, with much better venues, social life, presentation, location, ambiance, ect.
I can't say I will be back in the near future, if at all.
Wonder why the desert ridge location closed?

Decided to try Bamboo club today - hadn't been there in years and we were looking for a close by place for a family birthday lunch.
Service was really really slow - we were seated and had all decided on what to eat before we were even asked about drinks.
Then once finished I finally had to flag down someone to get our bill and it took them a few tries to get us our bill and credit card back.
Not impressed with the service and it wasn't very busy.
Chicken lettuce wraps were great.
I ordered the lemon grass chicken which was good but a lot spicier than I thought.
My husband's mongolian chicken was over sauced and it tasted like a jar sauce.
Food was ok, but nothing special.

We tried this Thursday.
We chose to sit outside and enjoy the evening.
It was quieter than I thought, given the location.
We opted for a table near the fire and it was very comfortable.
The service was great--Kenley did a wonderful job taking care of us.
For appetizers we had lettuce wraps and coconut shrimp.
My husband, who doesn't like coconut shrimp loved the way they prepared them.
The lettuce wraps were ok. My husband had the steak flambe and it was terrific.
I had the apricot glazed pork chops and couldn't eat them.
They were dry dry dry.
We finished our meal with chocolate cake that was pretty good.
Portion sizes are generous (including the wine).
It is also across the parking lot from the PGA store so be sure we will go back next time we are at the PGA store.

Love this place...happy hour is always good...with a good choice of house wines...nice to have healthy eating options in a festive setting.
Bartender always engaging and right on...you go Nick and Mary...love being a regular here....

Your typical overly-sweetened Americanized Oriental food.
Everything tastes kind of the same and it's all sweetened to a terrible level.
Pricing is high compared to the food quality and portions--typical of the Scottsdale fake Asian restaurants.
Drive down the street to one of the many available small Oriental restaurants to get much better food at half the price.

This is one of my all time favorite restaurants.
The food is always amazing.
They have the best crab wontons I have ever had.
The orange chicken is always very good.
Great service and atmosphere.
Never dissappointed!

I went here for a birthday celebration and had a nice dinner with family.
The atmosphere is fun for a evening dining experience.
The food was good, but the prices where pretty pricey in compared to Pei Wei.
I would recommend The Bamboo Club to you if you want a nice sit down restaurant where you can have a nice conversation...Oh, and don't forget to order the chicken lettuce wraps!

Very bland food, an incompetent waiter and dirty dishes and flatware.
The draft beer was totally flat.
Pretty awful.

One of our all time favorite places to meet friends for a drink over happy hour.
Bar area fairly small so get there by 5ish to get the best tables.
Happy hour lasts ALL NIGHT!
Outdoor patio very large.
Not sure happy hour applies there though.
Great beers on tap, also good wines by the glass on HH.
Many items on HH menu, varies from $3, $4, $5, $6.
All are good, their strawberry salad a must for starters.
Good bar staff, food comes up quick too.
Dinners are good too.
Nice for lunch too.

Not good for large groups due to their policy: We had a large group on the patio.
We had over 80 confirmed guests in our group and the Bamboo Club was aware of this.
They were kind enough to dedicate 2 servers to us.
Seriously?
To make matters worse, when I attempted to just order and pay at the bar, the bartender refused me service as I was part of the group.
We had over 80 people paying separate tabs with only two servers.
The servers were working the butts off, but it they could only do so much.
I arrived at 5:15 and didn't get my drink order taken until 6:03 so I had to pay full price and not the happy hour price.
Oh well, I had a great time with my new friends but I would prefer if we held future events at another venue.

We went with a large group (about 20) for happy hour.
The food was decent and reasonably priced but a lot of the people in our group complained that the waitstaff AND management were rude to them.
It was bad enough that some of them refused to get a drink there and headed over to Chili's.
Another thing to note is that the happy hour space is limited in the patio area, even though we were there around 4pm and no one was occupying the "dining area" tables, they refused to let our party sit in any tables not designated as the bar area.
I guess my whole thing is don't tout your happy hour and have it last all night if you don't appear to like/welcome happy hour customers...

BEST LUNCH DEAL IN TOWN!!!!
In the past few weeks I have paid $10 for a regular sub at Jersey Mikes.
You pay almost $10 for a sub/chips/drink at Subway.
I had a sandwich, soup, and drink at Jason's Deli and it was almost $14 dollars.
Bamboo Club has delicious Asian fusion cuisine and their lunch special is absolutely the best deal that I can find.
For $9.95 you can get one of their lunch bundles which includes your choice of soup/salad, plus appetizer, plus entree.
I ordered the hot & sour soup, the pot stickers, and the orange chicken with fried rice.
If you think you've had orange chicken you haven't until you've had it here.
The food is excellent.
With an iced tea I paid under $13 not including tip for a really good lunch.
The place is clean, with great atmosphere, and a very good staff.
There is plenty of space with no wait.
If you work/live anywhere near Shea & 101 and you're not having lunch here regularly you need to start.
Downside is the dinner menu looks pretty pricey with dishes reaching the $30/ea range.
Enjoy.

Wow...the only thing asian about this place is that they give you rice and fortune cookies.
So lets start with the service...horrible.
Our server first forgot to bring my wife her drink...was going to bring it up except she was MIA for most of the meal.
Then halfway through our meal she asks me if I would like some hot sauce...I say yes please....Never came and she was never to be seen again until we were done and she was bringing out our check.
On to the food...We order their signature app and their special app of the night...a crispy calamari salad and Hoisin spare ribs...both were so salty and totally underwhelming.
Entrees were a mongolian beef and Vietnamese style chicken and shrimp.
Again both were so salty and just plain uninspired.
The beef was cooked and then thats where it ends...the sauce lacked any imagination.
The chicken and shrimp...so bad!!
Both the chicken and shrimp were so overcooked...could have stir fried cardboard and rubber erasers with some veggies, tons of salt and pepper and you would basically have recreated this dish.
The best part of my meal was my Diet Coke and that it ended.
If you remotely enjoy real asian food...this place is not for you!
If you enjoy insired and creative dishes...sorry, not at The Bamboo Club.
If you just like to eat good food...you won't find much of it here, unless you just drink a Diet Coke.
If you are just plain starving and don't care what your food tastes like...there is a Chilis right next door.

I started going to the bamboo club in high school.
They used to have more locations but now this is the only one left in AZ.
I absolutely love their crab won tons.
They serve them piping hot with this magical strawberry dipping sauce.
I know, sounds odd, but it is amazing.
I love their Orange Chicken with crispy spinach, but if you take any leftovers home it doesn't re-heat well so either split it or eat it all there.
It can get kind of pricey so you may want to stop in while they have thier lunch specials running!

I visited the Bamboo Club with my colleagues for lunch.
It was a decent experience...not something to write home about, but it hit the spot.
There was one server delegated to our table of 15  but he was incredibly efficient and personable.
Lucky for us, he was on his game: speedy, energetic and attentive.
I wasn't blown away by the food.
My heart was set on the lettuce wraps for an appetizer.
They were the biggest disappointment of the meal.
Maybe I set my hopes too high because I was expecting some veggies alongside the chicken...maybe some crisp carrots, bean sprouts and broccoli?
Nope.
Just a chicken "scramble" and dehydrated soba noodles.
Not enough lettuce to go around, either.
Most of us ordered the lunch bundle:  appetizer, soup/salad and an entree for $11.99 or $9.99, depending on the entree.
I had the cucumber salad, edamame and steamed mandarin orange chicken (steaming is Bamboo Club's healthy version of their dishes).
The salad and edamame were very fresh, but the chicken was underwhelming.
It was atop a bed of flash-fried spinach, defeating the purpose of a "steamed" entree.
Everyone in our party seemed to enjoy their meals.
Maybe if I ordered something different I would have a different view of this place.
I could give it another shot, but I'd have to be in the mood to "let loose" and eat the fried dishes.

Yes ......... its better than Panda Express.
No ................ it dosen't come close to Jade Palace.
Have never been there for Lunch, just Dinner.
In my visits, we were the only diners in the Dinning Room.
On both visits, I used Groupon or Local Dines offers.
$40 in value for $20.
If not for the coupon, I would never visit ANY Bamboo Club location, as they are over priced.

Best egg rolls Brumm has ever had!
Great service, the waitress checked on us frequently, our drinks were always full and everything was brought out with perfect timing.
The food was wonderful and the drinks were unique.
I am glad it is close to home, I can definitely see us frequenting the Bamboo Club.

Went there on a local dines coupon last night.
The atmosphere is very nice with good decor.
We were greeted by a friendly hostess who seated us right away.
Our waitress was helpful and attentive.
But the food was not good.
I ordered the tofu veggie sizzling platter and the menu said it was seasonal veggies.
I did ask for asparagus.
If I had not done that, I would have had carrot shreds, onions, green onions, some sort of bean, and that was it.
No other color or veggies.
Very drab and what little asparagus I got, they charged me an extra $2.
Very disappointing dish, with too much salt and heavy flavorings.
The tofu was steamed by itself and had no flavor as well.
usually tofu will take on the flavor of whatever it is cooked with.
My husband had the sweet and sour chicken which he found to be very boring and bland.
Our salads before the meal was a non event as well.
The cucumbers were in a state of being overdone and mushy, mixed in with ones that were too ripe.
The sauce was way too sweet and my husbands salad was not worth mentioning as well.
We will not return there.
If we want good Asian food we will go to Flo's next time.
I will say the outside patio looked very attractive with cushions on the seats and neat flames for atmosphere.
Wish the food was better, because the decor is well done and attractive.

Went here for my birthday back in September, there was about 17-20 of us and the service was excellent.
I am a server myself so I tend to notice everything and anything and I had no complaints.
The food was good but when you have a party that size, service is most important.
Regardless, if the server messed up it would've ruined dinner, but he did not mess anything up and I'm grateful for that.
I would definitely come back again, anytime.

Outdated decor and food not great.
Service was okay.

It's sad that this is the only one left.
Love this place.
Orange Chicken is to die for.
My Friday night spot if I'm lucky.
The coconut shrimp are really good too and the wonton soup.
Been coming for years!

Super solid happy hour after 6pm every day.
The BC spicy soup is a favorite, lettuce rival PF Changs and the kobe sliders have a great char on them.
Just don't try and get happy hour at the lower tables outside on the patio, they only do happy hour at the high top tables.
The bartenders (there do not seem to be servers for this area) are usually busy but the service only occasionally falters.

*************Do Yourself A Favor***********         ++++++++ Go 2 blocks East to Jade Palace +++++++  Bamboo Club's take on Asian Food ......... is not a good experience.
The quality .......... is okay.
The quantity ........ is okay.
The FLAVORS .........
NON EXISTENT .........
BLAND SAUCES The menu choices have shrunk......... since we were last here.
THE PRICES HAVE RISEN...............since our last visit.
Yes, I used a LocalDines coupon...if not for the coupon...I never would have returned.
************Nothing in the Future would induce me to ever return here**********                In short, if you desire BLAH ASIAN at VERY HIGH PRICES.

Everything was good with the food.
While still finishing up with food, a lady came up to us and said :" we have a reservation pn this table.Is there anything that I can do to help you move along?".
It was surprising because the place was empty.
Another recommendation would have been to move us.

I've been here twice now and have had horrible service both times.
This most recent time I ordered the sea bass which was very good but not worth the over hour wait for it.
The rest of the table was served and my entree was forgotten.
The waiter blamed the kitchen and the food runner, the food runner blamed the server - but nothing irks me more when people don't just take responsibility for messing up.
If you don't mind horrible service, wait staff who doesn't clear your plates, and waiting over an hour for your food while the rest of the table eats then go to the bamboo club.

Our waitress Becca was amazing.
She was friendly, attentive and provided us with the best service.
She promptly cleared our dishes, constantly refilled our water glasses, and always replaced our silverware.
The food was ok.
The sampler appetizer was legit and the portion was quite generous.
I would not recommend the Saigon Beef there was nothing Vietnamese about it so don't get confused.
The beef was tough and the dish really lacked any flavor.
Next time I would order the Sampler as my entree.

One of my favorite spots to meet clients and friends.
Cody and Nick are friendly fun.
Love the orange chicken and that wonderful crispy spinach.

Great happy hour.
Excellent job with the scallops w/crispy spinach!
Friendly staff and pleasant surroundings.

I just had a great lunch at the Bamboo Club.
Everything was wonderful.
The food, the service and the atmosphere.
I had not been there in a while and it reminded of what a great place it is and how close it is to my home.
I am a placing on my list of favorites.

I had lunch today with a friend of mine and we met at 12:30 PM and they were busy so we sat at the bar and had Nick the bartender served us lunch and a ice tea and the lunch  was great I had  Mongolian Beef and it was great.
The service Great, the Food Great and the Price Fair.
What  more  do you want froma resturant with lunch being fantastic and then the boss came by and make sure that every thing was OK.
I  drop by there a few times a month and I have never had a bad experience.
Sooooooooooooooooooooo Try it.
Larry C

Have been by here many times and finally decided to have dinner here recently.
Nice atmosphere although we were seated in a very dark area where it was really hard to read the menu (by design perhaps?).
I noticed other tables had lights over them, this one did not.
A screaming child or two did not add to the ambiance.
We ordered crab cream cheese wontons (there might have been crab in there somewhere), sweet & sour chicken and pad thai noodles w/ shrimp & chicken.
Both entrees came w/ salad drenched in a vinegarette dressing.
The food just wasn't that good, uninspired passing for fair at best, and when we received the bill I decided it was less than good.
$62+ for 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and a soda.
Seems like the emphasis was on quantity over quality.
Service was just downright strange - waitress cleared dishes before we were done with them, then ignored empty glasses, didn't return with clean silverware (I finally snagged another set off an empty table nearby), and seemed to be on auto-pilot with a very poor sense of timing.
Maybe it was an off night for her too.
I could hope that lunch is better?
- but considering the food is going to be the same, I think I'll pass on a return visit here.

3/27/2012: It only gets 3 stars because I'm feeling nostalgic for when their food was better quality.
Egg drop soup had tofu and too much pepper.
Macadamia nut encrusted halibut wasn't impressive either.
First few bites smelled fishy so I'm not sure it was fresh.
Veggie rice was mostly rice with a piece of a sugar snap pea.
A friend of a friend owns this restaurant, and I don't know if I'll be back anytime soon.

This place was great.
Our waitress, younger gal, was absolutely amazing.
Would recommend this place!
Customer service is definitely a great quality there.

We had dinner at Bamboo Club on Saturday night.
I should have read the earlier reviews on this restaurant before we chose to go there.
But, so goes life.
Only 1 real positive about the entire experience: beautiful ambiance in the courtyard area outside.
It sits in the parking lot, but you'd be surprised how serene the environment is.
Now for the negatives, there are plenty to run through: Exremely slow service.
We waited 5 minutes to be seated and another 15 minutes before a waiter showed up to our table, and yet another 10 minutes before we received ice teas.
Restaurant is dirty in general (the black carpets that lead to the courtyard outside were absolutely filty, our table wasn't clean, it also wasn't stable, the general demeanor of the place feels unkempt).
The food was very mediocre.
We won't go return that's for sure.
I hope the management of the restaurant reads this review and pays heed.

Everyone in our party enjoyed their meal.
Thai curry chicken and shrimp, pad Thai noodles, and kids version of the Mandarin Beef.
The Beef was the big winner though.
Definitely getting the entree version next time.

Good food, very poor service.
As usual the food was delicious, but the service just killed the meal.
Worse yet, the restaurant was empty and the waitress was aware that things were just not right offering nothing to rectify the situation.
Very uncomfortable meal.
If you are looking for consistently good food and service try PF Chang's or just skip Asian Fusion and go elsewhere in the valley.
With so many other choices in Scottsdale, there is no reason for such poor service when you have good food.

Just stopped in for an hour but had descent but very friendly service.
One guy to service the entire bar.
He did well but seemed understaffed.
Appetizer was good.
Had the sliders which were good.

Food was great and the atmosphere was lovely.
The drinks were a little pricy, even tho it was happy hour.
service was a little slow tooo.

My favorite restaurant.
The food is always perfect.
Service is great, atmosphere excellent.
The orange chicken with the five vegetable fried rice is my favorite meal anywhere!
They will email you specials and coupons if you sign up.
For dessert, the berries flambe are really good and of course it is fun to watch them set it on fire table side!

Awesome lunch specials.
Dinner gets a bit more expensive, but their lunch specials are great.
You get an appetizer and several selections for entrees for around $10.
Ish.
$10 isn't a cheap lunch, but its good for how much food you get and how freaking delish it is.

3+ Stars!
Good but not unusual American-Asian dining in a pretty setting, including a bar and a great outdoor experience.
A cut above PFC.
The menu is mostly chicken, beef or shrimp and costs in the high teens.
The bar food is inexpensive but mostly fried, sweet, salty or all three.

I thought I would update this review because after over two years, this is still one of my favorite restaurants.
I have never had a bad or eh meal here and I have always had great service.
My favorite is still the orange chicken.
The crab wontons are still amazing.
I also now have a few new favorite there.
The sweet and sour chicken is actually pretty good and I am not usually a fan.
The five vegetable fried rice could be a meal in itself!
The berries flambe for dessert are really good.
The duck is good but not fantastic like the other dishes.
I also like the wonton soup.
It always has enough pork and wontons in it and has a nice kick.
If you sign up for their newsletter, you do not get bombarded with emails but will get a coupon for your birthday and emails with announcements for holiday specials about 3 times a year.
For the holidays they also offered a gift card special.

Great outside and a happy hour from 4-11 in the bar every day!

Having just moved from Boston to the Phoenix area, I have been exploring restaurants and heard about Bamboo Club from an acquaintance.
As a frequenter of Boston's Chinatown as well as fine dining establishments throughout the city, I'd say the food is on par with a food court.
A highly Americanized version of Asian cuisine, the food did not match the quality of a P.F.
Chang's and was overpriced.
Just as we were finishing our meal, the waitress was rude to my mother, a senior citizen who rarely visits restaurants.
It takes a lot for me to decrease a server's tip under 20%, let alone under 15%; however, this young woman's service warranted it - rarely have I witnessed treatment so insulting in my life.
I felt terrible that my mother was treated so poorly on her vacation to visit me.
The ambience and decor attempted to come across as sophisticated, but did not mesh well.
The music was out of place - a loungey remix of Madonna classics - and the decor had the feel of an amusement park to me.
Granted I work in the architecture industry, studied interior design, and am used to dining in restaurants on the East Coast primarily, so my perspective on the expectations in the southwest may be skewed.
However, those restaurants I've been to in the downtown Phoenix area are superb all around in terms of food, decor, and service - Bamboo Club couldn't hold a tiny birthday cake candle to them.
All around I would say this experience was among the worst I've ever had and I'd recommend trying someplace else.

Needed someplace to eat lunch that was not fast food.
Saw the Bamboo Club & decided to give it a try.
Nice clean place with modern decor.
Waiter very friendly & answered all questions with ease and understanding of menu items.
They have a " bundle" package where you choose 1 appetizer, 1 soups/salads, and 1 main item for either $10.99 or $12.99 depending on main course item you choose.
I chose fried coconut shrimp, cucumber salad and orange scallops.
Scallops were recommended by waiter.
My wife had Cesar salad, egg roll, & orange chicken.
Salads were fresh & very tasty, shrimp & egg roll a tad over fried but otherwise good.
Both the scallops & chicken were excellent.
When I checked Yelp there was a $20 coupon for $10  which I purchased and paid $20 for a $30 lunch.

I can't believe I just recently discovered this place.
I just love the outdoor patio bar area.
Really good service from the hostess, bartender and wait staff,  our eccentric and energetic waiter sounded just like Joe Pesci.
People this place has happy hour everyday from 4pm until closing!
Can't beat that.
I suggest the orange chicken.
Oh, and take advantage of the Yelp deal when using Yelp App.
Ya, you're welcome!

Place could use a thorough scrubbing and updating of decor.
Service was very good, but only about three tables of customers as we went in during late afternoon.
The food was just okay and certainly not very good like it used to be there.

Stuck in North Scottsdale at 4:30 when you live on the south end of the 101 is not a good place to be.
Rather than fight traffic, we opted for an early dinner.
After driving around for entirely too long, we settled on Bamboo Club, which I had passed by several times and heard good things about, but never actually tried.
Plus, there was a $10 for $20 worth of food Yelp deal, so we went for it.
The restaurant is a bit upscale, not your typical fast food chinese.
We were sat in a booth and our waitress came to take our order.
Since we were starving, we had already decided on an appetizer as well as drinks.
This seemed to confuse our waitress, along with several other things throughout the meal.
We ordered the sampler and everything on it was good, but the honey chicken was amazing!
It made me wish I had ordered it for my entree.
What I did order was very good, but that honey chicken sure did stay with me.
I actually ordered the Hawaiian macadamia nut chicken, which was in a type of brown sauce with a nice caramel finish.
My boyfriend ordered the Mongolian beef, which is lightly fried and served with a side of crispy spinach.
I did really like both dishes, but I secretly wish I had stolen more bites of his.
The food was good, but the service was weird.
Our waitress just seemed very strange.
She would walk all the way to our table, then look alarmed and turn in another direction.
When I tried to use the Yelp deal, she wasn't sure what to do.
It might have been the first day of the deal, but the rest of her behavior was really just....strange.
Maybe it was just an off day for her.
The restaurant was good, but I'd say I'll probably just go back for happy hour and that sampler platter, rather than a full on meal.
It was a bit on the pricey side even with the deal (not surprising as we were in North Scottsdale), but I'm not entirely sure it was worth it.

Not my first review, certainly not just my second visit!
Enjoyed (as always) the lettuce wraps, so tasty and abundant!
We also ordered the BC Spicy Chicken, lovely dish, needed more heat for us, a kung pao dish.
Restaurant still presents a comfortable and elegant environment with excellent service and moderate prices.
Using the groupon just added to the value.

You can't beat the deal on Local Dines (http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ )!
A $40 certificate for $20.
This was my first visit to this location because I always used to go to the one on Mill.
I LOVED going there and it is a shame they aren't there anymore because the place had a great vibe to it and had excellent food.
This Bamboo club has the same great food, but you could tell the place is getting pretty old and needs some updating.
None of this mattered to me because I was there for one reason:  the orange beef with that crispy spinach.
Soooo frikking good.
Its like candy.
I also love the fried rice because it is full off good stuff.
The service is also pretty good as are the martini pours.
I will return hopefully soon.

Ho hum Mediocre food mediocre service.
Glad I had a coupon.

I have always loved eating at the Bamboo Club when it was located in Tempe near ASU.
So for my 35th birthday looking for a place with a private dining area, the Bamboo Club in Scottsdale was my first choice.
I was happy.
The managers Dereck and Brenda accomodated to have the space reserved.
On the night of my bday party, the restaurant offered great hospitality and my guests really enjoyed the food and the ambiance of the bamboo room.
The servers were very well mannered, patient, and catered to our party needs.
The projector hookup in the bamboo room helped as I was able to entertain my guests with a video I put together of my bday trip to Maui.
If I do another social gathering, I will definitely look into booking with the Bamboo Club again.

Over all a nice place to go.
A little far for me so I wouldn't return, but that is just because there are other places of the same quality closer by.
Interior: a little small, but very nice bar and patio area.
Food: tasty a little over priced, but served efficiently and with no mistakes.
Service: About average.
What is it with Arizona restaurants that don't teach their servers how to split bills?
I have never had a problem splitting a bill in any restaurant anywhere else.
The Bamboo Club like so many other Arizona restaurants for some reason convince their servers to treat splitting a bill like it is building a space colony.
Handled my large group well... then again I think my group was one five tables in the entire restaurant.
This was my first trip there and maybe would have given it a second chance if it wasn't so far away, but I will likely not return.

It was good, but a bit expensive when there's so many places around town offering the same thing.

This is not the ideal location for a desired private atmosphere.
It was a noisy, our table was sticky and unsteady, service was slow (though friendly), and food was just okay for the money spent.
We will likely not return unless for the Happy Hour atmosphere and prices.

It was not that busy on a Friday night at 9ish during spring restaurant week,  Food was ok.  First few bites of calamari app were good but the rest was doused in the sweet glaze that ruined it.
Scallops were good but were served with a crispy seaweed side that was terrible and inedible.
Server said the dessert was some kind of fried cheesecake but there was a server switch twice during the dinner and the other server brought us some choc cake that was fine.
Nothing special.
The wine was brought in a nice sturdy tall wine glass but the second glass was brought in a smaller one.
Upon tasting it I realized it was the wrong wine.
Serving staff was nice but seemed unorganized and unfocused, food was a little disappointing.

When I first moved to Arizona in the late 1990's, the valley's foodie community was even smaller, and there were fewer websites to help us discover new places.
That was when The Bamboo Club was my little secret.
I would take many dates up from Tempe to a restaurant in Scottsdale that served a style of pacific rim which was much better than anything at PF Chang's (which was sadly popular and considered a standard at the time).
Bamboo Club then had a meteoric rise and fall, opening then closing several locations around the valley.
In a strange way the failure worked out for me, because Bamboo Club is once again my little secret.
While The Bamboo Club isn't quite as vibrant as it was back then, the food is still fantastic.
The mandarin orange chicken with crispy spinach is by far the best you will have in the valley.
The Macadamia nut encrusted halibut is also delectable.
Prices are a little high, but there's a great deal on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).
A $40 for $20 gift certificate.
Totally worth it.

I have been going to the Bamboo Club since the late 90's.
although I used to go to the one at Camelback.
The food is great.
They were doing this before PF Chang's and they do it better.
The Orange Chicken and pad Thai are my personal favorites along with the spicy calamari which is to die for it's so good.
The service is always good and the prices are reasonable.
I would highly recommend this place.

This place is a dump.
What happened?
They could not even provide salt and pepper shakers.
Seriously!
And the bathroom stalls did not lock.
Gross.

Hadn't been here in a while but now I know why, what a faded glory.
The place is tired and dated.
The food while quality has also faded.
Spring rolls under cooked, sesame ahi was tasteless and how do you run out of spicy mustard.

Met a colleague here for lunch recently.
I've been dying to give this place a try because I pass by it frequently.
After browsing the menu, I decided to order off the lunch special menu where you can select a salad, appetizer, and entree for $12.95 or $14.95 depending on the entree selection.
I ordered:  Pickled Cucumber Salad Pork Potstickers Orange Chicken Fried Rice  My order totaled $12.95 for those selections, which is a pretty good deal considering the amount of food you get.
The Pickled Cucumber Salad was pretty good....it's very sweet and has a little sour flavor to it.
A nice start for lunch.
The Pork Potstickers were just OK.
They were kind of hard on the edges, which means they were left out under a heat lamp too long.
The Orange Chicken was OK....very sweet.
The Fried Rice was very good....it helped to lessen the sweetness of the Orange Chicken, so it complimented it very well.
Overall, it was an average lunch.
I'd consider coming back again.
Return Factor - 70%

Don't waste your time or money!
Horrible service, and as a former server I am usually very forgiving.
Forgot our appetizer, 20 minutes for a refill, 20 minutes for the check and we were one of two tables in the restaurant.
Plus there was an auto gratuity added, which frankly was not deserved (and I ALWAYS tip 20%).
There are so many other Asian restaurants that have better food and service don't bother with this place.

Definitely not a fan.
The food was so so.
Not worth the price IMO.
The service was also extremely lackluster.
For a Sunday night with only 2 tables it sure did take an awfully long time for our food to come out.
Our appetizers also came out after our entrees.
My glass was empty about half the time.
Even with a groupon I feel like we wasted money by eating here.
I would go to PF Changs instead.

Great spot for lunch or dinner.
Great happy hour too.
Nick in the bar always provides excellent service.
Recommend the lettuce wraps and the Mai Tai's.

I have been reading the reviews of Bamboo Club on this site and I think they are very interesting.
Some of the comments make me wonder if the reviewer actually visited the restaurant.
Granted the facility looks a bit dated, however that's part of the atmosphere.
Under different circumstances, a new restaurant would have to pay dearly to build a place that looks like it has weathered many years on a tropical beach.
I think the building has character.
The most prominent complaint appears to be price.
If you consider the size of the portions and the fact that only fresh ingredients are used to prepare each order individually I don't think the price complaints are warranted.
Perhaps they ars comparing the prices to the Chinese buffets that use frozen chicken and fish prepared ahead of time and kept warm until someone orders a dish with that ingredient.
Additionally the portions are very generous (as many people commented).
I had a halibut dish last night and I was quite surprised at how generous a serving I received.
Admittedly there are server issues from time to time but that is a common problem in that industry.
Good restaurant servers are difficult to find in any city.
My suggestion is to tip accordingly and leave constructive and appropriate comments for management.
Oh and don't forget that Bamboo runs happy hour 4 to closing.
How many places have that policy?
One suggestion for those of you using coupons (and don't we all) be certain you read the terms.
I have observed many incidents where people at the next table get upset because they aren't allowed to violate the terms of the discount deal.
We all like a deal but remember that these restaurants are trying to make money for the employs and owners.
No business can make money giving their product away.

back when they first opened I loved the bamboo club, but over the past 15-20 years they've lost their shine.
the food is OK, but for the prices OK is not acceptable.
every time i go the restaurant is empty, not a great sign.

Great service and fast!
You can always grab a seat without a wait.
Saigon anything is great.
Good happy hour prices.

This is a pricey place with good appetizers only (food was bad).
The hot n sour soup was ok but tasted nothing like the Chinese version.
Pot stickers were good as was the sampler appetizer dish.
The scallops I had reeked of fish sauce which I dislike and the spicy shrimp dish was ok.
Even with a Groupon, I will not return (well only to try happy hour) - I will go to the outstanding Jade Palace just down the road instead.
They ripped me off by charging the adult price for the $1 kids drink and the waiter Christopher said he would adjust the price.
They brought back my credit card receipt w/o the adjustment - wasn't even worth the $2 they overcharged as I just wanted to get out of there.
On the positive side, it is a nice indoor setting and the outdoor patio looked nice.

This was my last visit to this place.
It is not because of the food, it is because of the managment.
I have eaten here many times and have had good service and marginal service.
i have now had three bad experiences with management.
I ordered a to go order - was not told that they did not offer a lunch portion, was not told there was a major upcharge for rice and it was not included, and my to go order was all of a sudden $35 and I had no idea.
So I told the waitress that she really should have let me know as now i was in sticker shock and had to pass this on to someone else.
She was nice, apologized and said she would talk to her manager.
So the manager came over, was extremely rude - made it sound like it was completely our fault and we were looking for a free lunch.
She cut us off, said she would take off the rice charge and walked off.
Not once did she apologize, this is clearly a training issue on her part.
We were immediately offended by her attitude and the way she handled everything.
We were there on a Friday lunch hour and there were 3 tables full, you think you would try to be nice and get repeat business.
Please try to remember you are in a service industry.

Oh Bamboo Club...what happened????
We haven't been there in about three years, but it used to be our absolute favorite.
The orange chicken USED TO BE crispy and sticky with orange slices...really, just divine.
Now, it's like you'd get at any Chinese restaurant.
Just chicken with sauce thrown on it.
So average and SOOOO disappointing.
(Why do restaurants insist on changing the recipe for their signature dishes?
Is it to save money?
So short-sided and just not very smart).
The service was just weird - the server said he'd been there 14 years, but we'd never seen him before.
He talked a mile a minute and it seemed like he'd sucked some helium before coming to our table.
Seriously, we could barely understand him and he kind of creeped us out.
Otherwise, the food was good (not memorable).
The crispy spinach is still great.
But it used to be THE PLACE to go.
Now, it just seems like any other restaurant.
And it's starting too look a little worn down.
Next time we're in S'dale, we'll pass.
Sorry to see ya go, B.C.

Horrible service.
Our waiter forgot one of our dishes and was rude.
The food was mediocre.
Do not come here!!
Worse experience ever.

Ate here last night.
My son had the orange chicken and I had the lemongrass chicken.
We both ended the night with upset stomachs and painful trips to the bathroom.
We both had sweet and sour soup which was funky tasting as well as the crispy bean appitizer.
Our server was nice (her first day of training) but the service was so slow.
We were there two hours.
They also did not clear the table after each new meal delivery.
I can't return to this place

Very high end & tasty food.
Complements to the chef.
Attentive service and no hesitation by server to apologize for having to wait for coffee and not charging for it.
Glad to count this place as a new hot spot for special occasions.

This is one of my favorite places to eat.
Better than some of my other favorites like pei Wei and Panda Express.
It's well worth the drive even though I'm more on the west side.
Service is fast and friendly and the food is consistent.
I love the pineapple Hawaiian chicken and the orange chicken with crispy spinach is awesome!
Also enough the coconut shrimp appetizer.
The shrimp is large and the portion is generous!
Also happy hour is a blast!
Love the Martini I ordered.

I have eaten at the restaurant multiple times.
The lunch specials offer a great value.
The service team is friendly but could be quicker during lunch hours.

A couple of friends and I went to Bamboo Club on Tuesday, January 7 for happy hour.
We sat in the bar.
We were greeted by the bartender in a quick timeframe and he took our drink orders and an appetizer order.
The first drinks and appetizers came out relatively quickly.
However, when another friend joined us, we ordered another appetizer.
After about twenty minutes, we asked the bartender about our appetizer and he apologized and said it was his fault.
At this point, we went ahead and ordered another appetizer because by now the original two appetizers were all gone.
A short while later, a server/runner brought the appetizer to us and then our second appetizer.
He didn't bother to take the two empty dishes from the table even though we had moved them to the edge to make it easy for him.
The restaurant was pretty empty, but the bar was pretty busy - however the bartender just couldn't keep up and the people bringing food weren't very friendly nor did they seem to care about taking away dirty dishes.
It was a good night to catch up with friends, but the service was just horrible.
Based upon other reviews I've read tonight, it seems like poor service is the standard at this location.

We haven't been here in awhile.
We first noticed that the prices have gone up.
Our server was pleasant and had been employed there for some time.
He was very informative.
We got there around 5:30, ahead of the crowd.
I went on YELP and checked in and found a coupon for any appetizer so we chose the Coconut Shrimp.
It was definitely tasty and the bed of slaw was also appetizing.
I had the Cantonese noodles which I thought were too thick, almost like the Yakisoba noodles.
There wasn't that many noodles with the dish I prefer the thinner ones.
There was lots of veggies and mixture of meats which overpowered the noodles.
We also shared the Hawaiian Macadamia Nut Chicken which had the same ingredients as the noodle dish except for the nuts.

Gotta review this place so that it NEVER EVER closes.
I'm sitting here at 10:00 at night living in San Diego the last few years craving their orange chicken and crispy spinach.
I think this place is great.
Pricier than I'd like, but worth it!
When I'm back in PHX I always have to grab takeout.

I hadn't been to a Bamboo Club in awhile - mainly because they closed the one in Tempe and the one at the Biltmore, and this one on Shea is so far away from me that it's pretty darn inconvenient to go here.
However, my mom was in town, and remembered how much she liked this place in the past, I had an expired Groupon with the cash value on it and time to kill, so we went for a late lunch.
We both ordered the lunch specials.
What a great deal!
$9.95 for 3 items.
I got the wonton soup, crab puffs and the BC Spicy Chicken.
The wonton soup's flavor was perfect (although the spinach in it could have been wilted a little more).
The crab puffs were out of this world - filled with cream cheese and a ton of crab.
I guess I have gotten used to sub-par crab puffs (or more often than not these days, they are just cream cheese puffs) - and these made me remember how to do it right.
Lots of crab, and lots of cream cheese, and perfectly crispy on the outside.
The BC spicy chicken was flavorful - I would say it could use a little more spice - but that's probably just my preference.
While the place was completely dead - some locals at the bar - the service was attentive and generally good.
I'm not sure what happened that they lost such a big following when I moved to PHX 10 years ago - but the food is still very good.
I will definitely be back.. if I am ever again at 86th and Shea.
It was a great deal for a delicious lunch.

I don't even care if the end result was as tasty as it was ten years ago.
Over it.
The free app I asked for via the yelp check in had apparently just run out.
Doubt it.
It was also the priciest and the only one I wanted.
I have been here at least a half hour waiting for the food to take out and no one has asked me if I want a drink (literally seated at the bar) and I have been told three times it's almost ready.
Shitty, never again.
Probably didn't help that neighbor stein marts two day deal was horrid with the worlds least helpful and most mean spirited employees.
This mini mall can suck it

Terrible service, the waiter couldn't recommend anything on the menu.
Took 15 minutes to get the waiter at our table before we asked the hostess where he was.
Shanghai Shrimp was gross, and not spicy as it read on the menu.
The hostesses were yelling at each other over how to seat the tables, and the manager was arguing loudly with the waiters over clearing the tables.
We had dirty silverware, Bad atmosphere, bad service,  will not return.
Do not know how they're still in business.

I as a somewhat regukar diner her.
I drink mo stly ivlse tea but i am very knowledgeable about that wines they serve.
Love the hot and sour soup and i highly recommend it.
There fresh seafood dishes are unbelievable.
Unfortunately there are  not many nice white wines  to go with there food but they try.
There are some red wines at the bar but they typically don't complement the asaian flavors, so you.
drink or eat!
While i highly recommend the food the service is lacking because of the young waitstaff.
This restaurant attempts to be of "fine dining"qualty the young servers are Scottsdale bar servers.
This a fairly common complaint in scottsdale.
The owners are very good friends of mine and all the comments are meant to be consrtuctive  the fresh seafood along is worth the visit!!!
Furthermore, if something is not to your liking the problem can usually be resolved quickly.

They are currently serving fresh halibut here and it is outstanding.
I usually get the sea bass but I had the Tokyo style halibut last week.
All I can say is WOW!
It was prepared better than any halibut I have had in ages.
It was prepared with a mildly spicy sauce and it was delicious.
If you enjoy fresh halibut you've got to try Bamboo's halibut.
My favorite items there are the crab wonton, the hot and sour soup and the sea bass (also known as Patagonian toothfish) or the halibut.
Give them a try.
You won't be sorry!
7/4/14-This review is no longer valid.

Thank goodness we used a Groupon..horrible, terrible, no good, very bad...should of gone to Flo's.
I ordered the Lemon Grass Chicken FIRST!!!
I preferred it not fried..it came swimming is a light liquid that was so salty.
I never, NEVER, send anything back, however, this was horrible.
The waitress was cordial, went to manager and came back and told me the item is "hit or miss"???
the "fish oil"??????
can make it salty?!
IF this is the case, adjust the soy?
No layers of flavor, just salt.
I re-ordered Mongolian chicken..simply not my night...this was in a sauce that tasted like straight sweet Hoisin sauce right out of the bottle..rather than complain, I asked her to box it up so I could throw it out at home.
The prices simply were not reflected in the quality of the food..a bit on the high side, could go the local higher end chain or Flo's...

This is a great restaurant.
This is our second time to this location and John has waited on us both times.
He's been there since the restaurant opened 16 years ago.
He's knows the menu front to back!

We had an awesome lunch here!!
You get a 3 course lunch for $9.99.
It includes soup OR salad, an appetizer and an entree.
You can choose, brown rice, fried rice or fried  rice.
I had the wonton spup, best I've ever had.
The broth was delicious!
For an appetizer I chose the crab wontons.
I could make a meal of these.
My entree was the Thai shrimp.
Nice spicy sauce and I believe it was 8 nice size shrimp.
I opted for the fried rice which was fantastic.
They give you a nice size portion on everything.
Service was EXCELLENT.
Cory was our server and he was great.
Will definitely be back again!

Very good.
Nice staff and attentive.
Clean bathrooms.
Used my yelp cupon which was amazing calamari.
Ate tofu cooked diffrently but i really liked it.
Price range was decent in my opinion.

My daughter talked me into having dinner here on a Friday afternoon in January 2014 about the time the Waste Management Open was going on.
The ambiance reminded me of Gilligan Island meets Star Wars Bar.
Except the bar area had the 50 plus retired Scottsdale Match.com hopefuls wishing they were millioniare Mr. Howells, holding down the seats.
That sort of creeped me out, but I digress.
The waiter was an exuberant fellow, and I guess he needed to be, because I took a gander at the prices and was a bit blown away.
This place sits in a strip mall with Culver's and I guess they are banking on their business during the high season when the tourists don't know any better.
I had a chicken dish that was a bit bland and oily.
Needless to say, I do not recommend unless you are looking for a Mr. Howell wannabee and a free Mai Tai.

Food is good here, and the price is reasonable.
I meet here a few times a month for a networking group I'm a part of.
The have a nice room in the back for large groups to meet.
Service and selection of always good.

Non event, not worth the time or the money, just mediocre food.

Food is very delicious, however this last time we noticed that portions were smaller, way smaller.
We usually order 2 entrees to share because it was very well served, however this time we had to order an extra one because what we usually order was not enough.
I am not complaining, we actually got to try a new dish and it was delicious!!
Enjoy!!

This was at one time a great place to eat.
Now, the food is average at best, but the prices are over the top.
The fact that the place was basically empty is no surprise.
Don't bother.

I like that you eat clean if you want to.
I get steamed veggies and chicken or shrimp with the sauce of my choice.
My belly and pocketbook thank you.

