Expect to spend about $10.00 per person.
Nice food.
Filling.
Great price.

I went to this Pei Wei a while back.
it was crowed and the foods taste good.
I stop going there after I saw the bad reviews on TV channel 5 in 2005.
There were 8 violations regarding to their kitchen.
I still like the Pei Wei at other locations though.

The honey seared chicken is particularly tasty and a favorite.

Pei Wei is a family favorite, especially for take out.
I can call Pei Wei while I leave the house, order my food as I drive, and when I arrive 9 times out of 10 the food is hot and ready to roll.
The food is always tasty and at a fair price.
We love it.

To be simple it's a fast version of PF Chengs taste great cost about the same as panda express and everything is made to order fresh definitely worth trying.

Da.
Bomb.

I don't know if it's authentic or not because I'm just a white dude from Phoenix.
"Pei Wei" could mean "American Sucker" for all I know, but I know it's damn tasty and kids like it too.
It's fast and the food always tastes fresh.

I always feel like I am one dinner away from finding something incredible at Pei Wei.
I never feel like I pick the right thing to order.
After all, we stood in a line last night that went out the door.
I thought this might have been free food night but no, it's just a really popular place to eat.
We sampled the 2 promotional Korean dishes, the Korean BBQ ($8.95)and the Sweet n Sour ($8.95), both served with your choice of either steamed or brown rice.
The food was served fresh and hot but I don't think I would order either again.
Both dishes were swimming in a sugar filled sauce.
Don't get me wrong, I did eat my share of the dishes and did not spit the food out but again, thought I might have ordered the wrong thing.
The very best part of the dinner was the self serve soda fountain.
Each machine can hold more than 100 soda flavor combinations.
I have been told the new fountain works something like an ink printer with space for flavor cartridges.
Each cartridge contains a concentrated formula of ingredients.
When you make your selection the fountain mixes your drink making some 100 drink choices possible.
I picked the raspberry Sprite and finally, I think I picked the right thing to order at Pei Wei.

I was excited to give Pei Wei another try after writing it off years ago.
I was under the impression that there was a Coke Freestyle machine at *all* Pei Wei's... (not most, lol).. but noo.
No such luck.
I ordered the Chicken Coconut Curry with brown rice.
While I'm not expecting Pei Wei to serve up the most authentic grub, my meal felt haunted by overtones of a Stouffer's TV Dinner, circa 1989.
Unacceptable!

This is the Pei Wei location I go to the most and it just so happens to be my favorite as well.
Why?
Well I will tell you.
They have THE best tofu out of any of the locations I have been to.
I don't know why the way it is cooked is so much more different here than it is at any of the other locations but for some reason it is.
It almost has this crispy texture and is not white and slimy like I have experienced at other places.
I usually either get the Japanese Teriyaki or the Thai Dynamite with the tofu and vegetables and brown rice.
My only complaint about either one of these is they don't put more tofu!
Occasionally there will be a bit too much sauce and my rice will be swimming in it.
There is always a large amount of vegetables that are always crisp and green.
This place is close to my work so usually when I forget lunch I hop online and order my lunch for the time I want to pick it up, and probably 9 times out of 10 it will be ready before I get there.
I don't think I have ever eaten in the actual restaurant before so I can't comment on that, but the take out is fast and efficient.
See you on my next lunch break!

I don't know why so many restaurants are determined to make me take my takeout business elsewhere, but now Pei Wei is on that list.
Maybe people have forgotten what the point of take out is, convenience.
Ordering my food more than an hour before I need it, then waiting 40 minutes after the promised time to get it is ridiculous.
All the girl taking orders would say is "I'm sorry, I don't know what happened.
" Perhaps this wouldn't have been so bad if there weren't like 25 other people in the same boat as me...waiting for their takeout.
I did notice that there was no back up in the dining area of the restaurant.
They were all getting their food on time, eating, and leaving as I continued to wait.
I wasn't offered a discount, or a gift card, although I did notice that many people around me had been comped or given a $10 gift card for next time.
Apparently Pei Wei doesn't want me to return.
Consider it done, I will be taking my money elsewhere.

This was my first time eating at a Pei Wei and I have to say that it lived up to its expectations.
When we first came in the door as saw the long line I was hesitant but the line moved quickly and we were soon seated.
The food was fresh and everyone in my party loved what they ordered.
I only wish that I had a Pei Wei closer to my house so I could come here more often.

So, Pei Wei is still what it is.... fast food.
That being said, I liked this location a lot better than the Guadalupe location.
The BF got a gift card for PF chang's, so we decided to get pei wei tonight, as it is cheaper and PF chang's is not so great....
Anyway, I ordered the Chili Ramen and it was one of the better things I have gotten at pei wei.
I ordered it extra spicy and it was spicy.... not crazy hot, but it had a little kick.
The BF and I shared the potstickers and they were fried to crap.... not my fave.
Overall, it was fine, not great, but not bad, which is a plus for this chain.

My kids like that they have the chopstick helpers, most places don't.
My husband ordered the heavily advertised Carmel Chicken and was less than thrilled.
The kids meals were big in size, but it was basically all rice.
Very little of the meat and sauce.
I like it because it's fast, fresh and yummy.

When I need a quick delicious bite to eat, I head out to Pei Wei Asian Diner.
I know that I will get quality food and excellent service.
I love the lettuce wraps here!
The Pei Wei spicy chicken is one of my other all time favorites.
It comes out with just the right amount of crispiness.
I have tried to duplicate this recipe at home and can never get it quite right!
It is much easier to head to the restaurant to have it served to me!
My food always arrives very warm, and I usually find that this restaurant is clean.
These are two things that are very important to me.
If you have never tried this restaurant, you have been missing out!

I personally love Pei Wei.
It may not be authentic but it is delicious!
This location always has helpful staff and consistently well-made dishes.
It can be hard to find a table during peak times, but the staff is good about clearing tables quickly.
I find that Pei Wei offers ample portions (more so when dining in) and quick take-out.
You can call ahead or order online.
I highly recommend honey seared chicken on white rice with extra sauce (no charge).
The spring rolls are also a favorite--love that chili sauce!
The only downside to the spring rolls is that they don't do too well after being refrigerated.
Eat them while they're still warm!
My parents and brothers are all vegetarians so we always get tofu when eating as a family.
Lately, the tofu at this location has been sub-par.
They don't seem to cook it quite long enough, and that has definitely cut back on the frequency of our visits.
Hopefully this changes, because the tofu here is usually amazing!

Spicy and good.
Love the Thai green curry.

Great food for a great value.
We come here often and the key is consistency, the employees here have it.

Always good food, affordable and clean.
Their new coke machines are min blowing.

I realize this is a chain, but the food is tasty and different for the usual chain fare.
A real value

If you want something fast, this might be the place to go.
Somewhere between fast food and a buffet .
except you can't drive through and the servings are small and expensive for what you get.
Food was OK, nothing to write home about.
Restaurant was clean.
Still on my list, but way down near the bottom with all the wonderful choices the greater Phoenix area has to offer.

This is our go to spot.
The young staff here is great and we seldom notice turnover.
The food is always excellent and the quality is consistent.
The menu offers great variety with healthy and unique choices.
Even if the restaurant is busy with a line hanging out the door, it's still worth the wait (and it's usually a reasonable wait).
I love that when the place is busy they'll ensure you have a spot to sit before they take your order.
Nice patio seating on the east side of the building.
This is our fave Pei Wei in the area.

Fast service...consistently good food.

Came in looking for something quick but tasteful.
Was on a quick lunch date with my girlfriend Jessica A. and Asian was what our taste buds wanted that day.
She ordered the honey seared shrimp while I ordered the Pad Thai noodles.
Her's was decent to say the least, when I tried it I expected something a little sweeter but her shrimp was rather on the tangy side.
Not sour, just "citrusy" My pad thai was almost on the sour/tangy side when I was expecting something a little spicier and a little sweeter as well.
It wasn't bad but it's definitely not the greatest.
I'd recommend Pei Wei to anyone that wants a quick taste of Asia but not a place where you go for the full out experience of Asian cuisine.

Stopped in for a quick meal before bowling league that was healthier than fast-food.
The larger percentage of the menu is designated as "spicy" just ask and they may be able to tone it down if you prefer a less bold taste.
Decided on the Spicy Chicken salad with the dressing on the side.
Service was quick and friendly as it usually is here.
My salad arrived as requested with the spicy dressing on the side; however, the chicken and greens were drowning in a cloyingly sweet saute sauce used in the preparation of this dish.
By the time i was halfway through the salad there was nothing left but what can be best described as cabbage soup.
Not sure if this is the usual for this salad or just a heavy-handed use of sauce by the chef.
Either way it's too much.
some very good flavors but specify light sauce if you order.
Prices are very reasonable here and there is a good variety of menu items to choose from.
Can get very noisy during peak hours.

Went to pei Wei the other day.
Honestly service always is accurate, quick and efficient.
Food is also good, spicy chicken, honey seared chicken, fried rice all very good...
This fast food is so much better than others.

I like their Caramel Chicken.
I think its the slivers of cucumber that make me enjoy this dish.
It's a little freshness and crunch that adds nice contrast to the sweet fried chicken.
Mongolian Beef is pretty tasty also but can be a bit heavy.
I've tried a few of their lettuce wraps also which were just okay.

Our food was served Luke warm.
The sweet and sour chicken was terrible.
I ordered Brown rice which was not cooked completely

Best Asian service around!
They make any change I want to my meal with a smile every time.
I eat here every week.

I ordered two Pad Thai this afternoon.
One for me and other for my 8 year old grandson.
I wanted them to be mild.
They ended up being extra spicy and hot.
My grandson, who loves Pad Thai simply cried.
The taste was not good.
Chicken was old and smelly.
I immediately phoned them.
The man was so rude at the other end, he simply said thank you and cut the phone off.
We made a mistake of going there again after six months due to bad experiences in the past.
But not any more!

I am a full time regular here.
I also am gluten free.
They have a wonderful menu, well educated staff and I'm always greeted with a smile :) I prefer this one over the Val Vista one ANY DAY.
My food comes out consistent and within a few minutes.
Great place to go!

I went here with my wife...we ordered the new sushi they were advertising, edamame, sesame chicken and drinks.
I received the sushi and it was ROTTEN!!!
It tasted like it had been pre made and sat in the cooler for a few days to spoil.
I notified the manager and told him that it looked like it had been sitting for a few days...THE MANAGER TOLD ME "YES, IT ACTUALLY WAS MADE A FEW DAYS AGO" OMG!!!!
Are you trying to kill me?
Needless to say..I will not go back...

