This is the best Mexican food ever.
Really cheap too.
Just go and get the Mini-Chimis, they are an appetizer, but all you need.
Margaritas are excellent as well.

I find they're gringo, faux -Mexican food, heartburn inducing and unimaginative.
Why would anyone eat there when they're are far better and more authentic choices for Mexican food in the Phoenix area?
Try Los Sombreros as an outstanding alternative to a huge disapointment.

Having spent quite a bit of time eating in Mexico, the menu at Macayo's is definitely Americanized... but that does not make it bad.
The food is pretty good, and the margaritas are to die for... fun casual atmosphere... people do bring families, so it can get distracting with crying children in the next booth..

This place is one giant meh, especially so when put up against all the actual *good* Mexican places in the valley.
This place is to Mexican food what Olive Garden is to Italian food.

Good food, even better Margaritas.
Invest in Senor Bob.
Margaritas go down smoother when they are just over $3

I'm from Vegas, and growing up we used to visit MacAyo ALL of the time.
It was amazingly good mexican food.
On a trip to Scottsdale over the summer, my mom insisted we give it a whirl.
I thought it was very basic, quick, chain mexican food.
Not horrible, Not great.
It was decent, especially considering it's pretty cheap.
The manager said the one in Vegas is a lot different than the one in Scottsdale.
Next time, I will definitely go somewhere else, somewhere more authentic.

I was supposed to meet friends for margaritas at Macayo's about a year ago... but we couldn't find parking on a Friday night.
Tonight, when my roomie said she was up for Mexican, I couldn't even remember what the place was called, just where it was located and that I had been meaning to try it for quite some time.
The decor of Macayo's is bright and colorful.
With all the porcelain looking animals, including a large number of birds and frogs it felt almost Caribbean.
While it didn't feel upscale, this is far from a hole in the wall place.
Macayo's is relatively large, which explains why I had a parking problem a year ago.
This time around (about 8 p.m. on a Wednesday) parking was no problem.
The restaurant wasn't completely dead, just relatively quiet.
When dining at a Mexican restaurant for the first time, I stick to the basics.
For starters, I wasn't impressed by the salsa and chips.
The salsa, although seeming homemade, was fairly standard restaurant style... and heavy on the cilantro.
It wasn't watery or chunky.
It wasn't particularly spicy or bland.
The chips weren't warm and sorta tasted like they came out of a bag.
We also ordered the bean dip for an appetizer.
While the bean dip was better than the salsa, it still wasn't very impressive.
The "creamy" refried beans bordered on watery and most of the dip tasted bland until you hit a jalapeo or cilantro leaf.
For the main course, I ordered the Sonoran Enchilada Sampler, which includes a beef enchilada with green chile sauce, a chicken enchilada with Baja sauce and a cheese enchilada in red sauce with black beans and rice.
This was the highlight of the meal.
The rice was excellent.
The cheese enchilada had a little bit of zing to it which was a nice surprise after the salsa and bean dip.
The chicken enchilada, in addition to the green chile sauce was covered in a spicy jack cheese that complimented the chicken.
The beef enchilada... is sitting in my fridge, as the portions are rather large (standard for most Mexican resturants in the area).
I found picking a star rating for Macayo's difficult.
I usually reserve three stars for restaurants to which, while I would return, didn't have many other redeeming qualities.
On the other hand, I usually reserve four stars for restaurants that, while they have great food, still have flaws.
In other words, I'd give Macayo's a 3.5 stars if it were an option.
There are definitely other things on the menu that caught my eye... and due to the location, I'll probably eventually end up back at Macayo's meeting people for margaritas.

Hmmm...
I should probably leave the review there, but there is just too much to say.
Is a margarita up an uncommon term?
I use it all of the time at home and everyone seems to know what it means.
Tonight the waitress looked at me as if I had 2 heads when I said it.
Do not serve me chips in a metal kitchen bowl.
They were cold and oily and just not good.
I like cilantro just as much as the next person, but when the only thing I taste is cilantro... again, not good.
Mom ordered the baja chicken salad, which has to be the nastiest salad I have ever tasted.
Too spicy and too much cilantro.
The good news is, that I do not live in Scottsdale and NEVER have to eat here again.
Next time, I will go to Del Taco.

I've been to Macayo's once before a couple years ago, and it used to be a lot better.
I went on a saturday night at around 8 o'clock, and there was no one there, kind of odd.
We all had margaritas, which were pretty good.
The food was over-priced for what you got, since it was pretty mediocre.
I ordered the same thing I did last time I came and I remember it being way better before, I think they changed the recipe, bad decision.
Overall, I probably would not come back here again, unless they lowered their prices.

My last night in AZ I thought it'd be good to attempt to get good Mexican food again.
While this was definitely a step up from the last place Los Sombreros or whatever, it was pretty standard (definitely better than many E. Coast options, though).
We started off with some chips and salsa - what better way to whet an appetite while filling yourself up before you get your food so you realize you ordered too much after it's too late?
(always the case w/Mexican!
) The salsa was pretty tasty, so a plus there.
Dad and I went ala carte; he got a cheese enchilada and I got a tamale with 'lite' white sauce.
FYI 'lite' still means 'brick of fat melted on your tamale'.
It was good, but I felt like I was eating...a brick of fat.
We also got a large order of guac which was a mistake, we were way too full by the time everything came out!
The margaritas were ok.
I thought mine was pretty sour, and my dad got this kind with a lot of juice in it so it kind of tasted weird.
They were also retardedly huge.
Unnecessary to waste that much liquid!!
We could only finish half.
Our bill was fine although it was doubled by the cost of the drinks, booo.
Would come back to a place like this if I needed a hangover fix, but otherwise....meh.

This was one of my early favorites when I first started living here two years ago.
I love their chips and hot sauce.
Some of the best in Phoenix.
Last two visits really missed the boat.
This last time the service was so bad that I had to chase my waiter down just to get my order delivered correctly.
Food is pretty good.
Love the Baja Burro.
But, two less than great service experiences--I won't be back.

3 minutes to 9pm on a Tuesday night, starving after a movie, what's open?
Driving down Scottsdale Rd and needing to have something we have not had yet (needing more to review, of course), what the heck, we can check out Macayo's.
Sadly, staving off a low blood sugar headache, we just did not have time to consult Yelp.
We were seated right away with only 4 other parties in the restaurant and not a soul in the bar.
Chips, watery salsa and water came right away.
Is this really salsa?
Seems more like tomato soup.
The chips, very thin  and cold.
I like them thin, but warm would be nice.
We scoured the menu and went with veggie fajitas and a green enchilada from the light menu.
The food arrived.
The veggie fajitas sizzling away.
A good selection of broccoli, squash, peppers, zucchini, mushrooms, and carrots.
Fairly fresh seeming sauteed veggies.
A separate plate with some guac, refried beans and sour cream.
A new approach to the tortillas, 2 large ones.
Not what we expected, but the fixins do not fall out that way.
The enchilada was tiny.
I found the little tortilla.
One small corn tortilla with some chicken in it.
Some good spiced black beans.
And some sauteed veggies.
Ok, more shrooms.
Overall, just nothing to write home about.
Just another mexican place.
Our waiter was very nice and very attentive to my water (I went through 4 glasses).
But, it just seemed like this chain is trying unsuccessfully to be like Chevy's.
It did it's job to get us some food.

Mini chicken chimmies with extra guacamole and sour cream plus a  frozen canyon three tequila margarita with salt.
Muy Bueno on the patio in the late afternoon on a relatively cool day without the misters to soak you.
In the morning I felt I had to go back to oatmeal and berries (red, black and blue) to counter the dairy products and alcohol from the day before.
Works for me...

I really like this place.
I am not from Mexico, so it may not be authentic at all.
But hey, it works for me!!
The margaritas are great.
My husband got me one of those big senorita cups & now we can get those lip smacking margaritas for $3!
Can't complain :)  The chips & salsa are great too.
Always helps when you are super hungry & want something for a quick fix before the dinner arrives.

Yes I know Macayo's is a chain....but I like it...so sue me!
They do a good job with the classics and it is fairly consistent.
I go there for happy hour once a month with a group of people, and we always get great service.
The salsa is addicting and the half price appetizers at happy hour are a great deal!
The mini chimis, the spinach con queso and the cheese crisp are my favs.
I usually just end up getting a cheese crisp with a side of beans...and it comes out to like $6!
I also really like the Baja Shredded Beef Chimi....the meat is really tender and flavorful, and then it is covered in the creamy baja sauce...heaven!
I like to go for lunch during the week too because they have great lunch specials....I am a fan of the Tostada Grande...which is basically a tostada the size of a dinner plate!
So if I am in the mood for a classic standard...Macayo's fits the bill.

So I dont live in Phoenix but I have family out here so I visit when I can and when I do I ALWAYS make sure I stop at Macayo's it is soooooo DELICIOUS!
I love their Baja sauce - its like a cream cheese jalapeno juice concotion of blissfull deliciousness and this time I got the "California" burro which being from CA I thought would have Carne Asada and Fries but did not instead it was fillled with beans and guacamole sour cream cheese and pico on the side with an opt in of Chicken for a dollar more and it was so very good I would reccomend it highly!
Any time you are in the Phoenix area please make a stop to Macayo's it will certainly be worth it!!

When I moved to Scottsdale from SoCal, one of my BIGGEST fears was that I wouldn't be able to find the kind of Mexican food that I like (seriously).
People are always super opinionated (myself included) about where to go for the best Mexican food and in the past I have been disappointed in most of the recommendations I have received.
While I have yet to venture out and find a taqueria worthy of replacing Taqueria de Anda (Santa Ana, CA), I have found a good substitute for my beloved La Capilla (Huntington Beach, CA).
When you walk in, you are greeted with kitschy "mexican" decor.
Their hostesses are efficient and we've always been seated quickly.
The food is great.
One of my biggest pet peeves is when restaraunts lack consistency.
When I go to Macayos I know exactly what I am going to get... every time.
Everything that I have tried (so far) has been great.
My favorites: Grande Chimichanga de Macayo with chicken or carnitas, tortilla soup and their green chili corn tamale... mmm  They also make great drinks and have a great happy hour, all their apps are 1/2 price.
My fave is their green chili corn tamale bites, served with a side of baja sauce.
Have you tried the baja sauce people?
It's (jalapeno cream cheese I think?
) soo bad but soo good.
I know a lot of people probably have mixed feelings about this place because it's a "chain" restaurant... but to me it just doesn't feel like it.
It's nowhere near what I would consider "chain" Mexican food to be: El Torito...
They aren't in the same category.
All I have to say is don't knock it til' you try it.
My only complaint would be the wait staff (the bartenders are great)... Don't get me wrong, the service has (almost) always been WAY better than average.
However, most aren't too friendly and a few are just downright odd.
But, I won't hold that against them or the restaurant.

Macayo's is yet another Mexican place in the valley which is just right there on the line with what I consider "average" Mexican food.
There's nothing wrong with being average; it just isn't something I'd want to be known for.
It's the type of place where, if you live close by it'll probably work in a pinch if you're in the mood for Mexican... you just won't leave wowed.
There's nothing wrong with the food, it's alright... just not unique or fresh enough to really cause you take notice.
Comparatively there are places like 'Rosas' in Mesa which have flavorful dishes that actually stand out and make you want to go back.
This location has been pretty consistent, and the wait staff are fine; I just can't justify going here more than once in a blue moon when there are quite a few other Mexican places that have much healthier and flavorful options for about the same price.

I am so dissapointed in this Macayo's!
I want to love it because they have a great street taco special on Thursdays (and it is within walking distance from my house) but service in their bar area does NOT exist!
We went there twice and waited for at least 10 minutes before even being greeted by a server.
Staff looked at us and most tables around us had food and drinks but for some reason both times we had lousy service.
One of my friends with us made two trips to the bar to get drinks before our waiter brought our first one we ordered!
I won't return.

If you've been here and didn't like it, go again and try anything with their BAJA SAUCE.
It is one thing that is AMAZING.
(Shredded Beef Burro with Baja sauce or Green Corn Tamales with Baja sauce are top pics.
) Tried Baja sauce at other places in the valley, and nothing compares.
The place has Bright Mexican decor.
It's not fine dining, but it's not meant to be.
Comfortable and casual.
Salsa is ok - but ask for the hot and it's even better.
Service may be spotty, but the $3 margaritas (when you bring in your Macayo's glass) are a deal... Oh and the stuffed animal grabber machine at the front door is a rip off - no grip - just eats your money so avoid it!

While visiting Arizona we were told we must try Macayo's.
The margaritas (fruit flavored and blended) were a bit on the sweet side- to the extent that I was worried I might get a tooth ache.
The prices here are very reasonable.
I had the fajita quesadilla, delicious- I cant stop thinking about it.
The service was friendly and somewhat efficient.
This isn't a place you go for decor and ambiance- but they do have outside seating, always a plus in my book.

I managed to fish the first bug out of my margarita, but when I saw the second one floating there, enjoying my much anticipated beverage, it had to go back.
Don't get me wrong, I appreciated the fact that they added a free protein boost to my drink, but I like to enjoy my margaritas on my own, thank you very much.
There's something that's just not right about this place.
The service is very friendly, but my menu was wet and smelled like someone had tossed their cookies right on it.
My friend's nachos just tasted...funky and the vegetables that came with my bean and cheese burro were so dry, they were cracked.
Combine that with the fact that everything tasted oddly like cardboard and I was feeling like I was on an episode of Kitchen Nightmares.
I'd say that maybe this place is great when you're hammered, but yeah, I really wouldn't want to be there then either.

I used to come here literally once a week.
My staples were the cheese crisp, chips and salsa, Red Corn Chicken Taquitos, Cheese Enchiladas, Chicken Maxamillian and I have tried just about everything on their menu.
I was here opening day at this location.
I used to LOVE and adore Macayos.
Until about one year ago.
They hired a new manager.
It started with a lot of great waiters who knew me by name dropping off like flies.
Still, there were a few left and I perservered through crappy service to get the food.
NOW every SINGLE time I go the soda is flat, the cheese crisp is not cooked correctly, and the service is aweful.
It has steadily been becoming worse and worse since Anne, the manager started.
I'm not trying to attack her personally but clearly she is not doing it right.
My chips are always cold and I have even walked out because it was so crappy.
This is coming from someone who has gone to Macayos since BIRTH.
For 23 years I have been 'frequent' and since age 18 I went literally every or every other week.
I LOVED Macayos, it was my FAVOURITE in the world, and now I cant stand to go.
It used to be a friendly, happy family atmosphere, with good food, awesome service and bubbly fizzy soda.
No longer.
Not since.
I have tried and tried again to relive the glory days, but I think it has seen and passed them.
I went to Macayos in Tucson and it reminded me of when this location was great.
Sad times.
I have literally spent THOUSANDS here.
But now I wont spend a penny, unless I hear management has changed.

As a self professed "foodie" I have had and know what it takes to prepare authentic and delicious mexican food.
Of all the genre's of cuisine, it is by far the easiest to execute well, so when I go out for mexican I expect a certain level of quality to the food.
Needless to say I wasn't impressed by anything at Macayo's.
The chips and salsa were mediocre at best, and the main courses sadly followed suit.
I am oblivious as to how places like this have more than one location.
If you are truly looking for a great experience check out Gallo Blanco over in phoenix.
Definitely worth the extra drive.

4 stars for the chips and salsa... and then we can tack on the green corn tamale in baja sauce to the list of yummies.
Yes... a chain.
But it's pretty darn good for a mexican fix.
Have never had problems at this location.
I saw the patio... they have a nice fire pit to keep the peeps warm.

This is not my favorite Macayo's location in town, but it is a solid choice for a quick lunch in the area.
Easy to get in, great lunch deals, good service, and a dark relaxing atmosphere.
The chips and salsa are particularly good too.

Macayo's is ok , most dishes are well done, but very typical - nothing memorable.
One of the few Mexican places that serve chips out of a bag, salsa is below avg.
also.
Wait staff is almost always amateurish.
Also- why is there always a wait when a third of the tables are open?

The ONLY Mexican chain I like.
It seems like Macayos has been around forever.
Sort of a Phoenix area landmark.
The salsa is okay.
A bit mild and tomatoey for my taste.
The "hot" salsa is a joke.
It is not even close to spicy.
To me authentic salsa ALWAYS has a bite.
Most of the food here is mediocre.
What stands out to me and allows me to give it 4 stars are the tamales with the baja sauce.
This baja sauce is amazing.
Creamy and spicy, the perfect match for their slightly sweet corn tamale.
The margaritas are pretty good too.
I like my margaritas strong and was at first disappointed that I couldn't taste the tequila.
Halfway through the drink it hit me like a freight train.
It must not have been mixed properly.
Macayos is a good place to take out of towners.
They will get a kick out of the kitschy, slightly tacky decor.
And the food is suitable for gringo tastes.

I'm deeming this an oldie but goodie.
If you've been a frequenter of Phoenix for over 15+ years, you've most likely paid at least one of Macayo's locations a visit.
The food is run of the mill yet decent Mexican food.
The portions are hearty and the food is cheap.
The margaritas are above average and if you invest of one of their margarita glasses, you can get margarita refills moving forward for just $3.
Not a bad deal as long as you remember the glass!
Macayo's is a solid choice if you're hungry and want to get in and out in a relatively decent amount of time, if you have children who are a little loud and yet you want to take them out to dinner, or if you just feel like a good margarita after a long day at work.
That's it!

Happy Hour margs are perfect and all appetizers are half-price!

I've eaten at this Macayo's three times, and each time I leave unimpressed.
The service is ok, the food is ok.  That's about it.
The plates I've ordered were drowning in cheese - now I love cheese, but I almost need a spoon to eat these meals.
I know some people have raved about Macayo's, but I'm not thrilled with it.

Wanted some mexican that wasn't taco bell.
The hotel recommend this place.
The restaurant smelled like the inside of a tomato sauce can.
I was turned off almost immediately.
I decided to sit on the patio and try it out anyway.
I ordered the Chipotle BBQ Chicken Chopped Salad with a light cilantro lime dressing.
It was okay.
The chips and salsa were okay too, nothing to brag about.
The salsa tasted like it came from a can.
I'm happy I ordered a salad.
The redeeming factors were the Arizona Sunset Margarita and the good service.
I think once restaurants turn into chains, they seem to lose their original character.

Poor service and very poor food.
Chicken in the fajitas tasted expired.
Would never eat here again.

Baja chimi...
yum!!

We have eaten at Macayo's many times over the years.
We have always found the food to be fresh, perfectly prepared and the service fast.
We have our special Macayo's beer glasses that we take for refills that are cheaper than the the bar prices and they always clean them before we start and after we are done and wrap them up for us to take home again.
I would say this is the best, most consistent Mexican place we have found nearby and have never had a bad meal here or bad service.
They do a great job and we find at times we need our Macayo's "fix" and are never disappointed.
If you are there.......ask for Clenard, he is a fantastic waiter and just an overall great guy.
We bring visitors here and will continue to recommend it.

The good: Great service, nice decor in the seating area, very colorful n peppy place, okay food.
The average: I won't call anything bad here but certainly average.
I found the food not too flavorful and more saucy than I have had at other mexican places.
They serve nice hot chips and salsa complimentary but again the salsa was bit less spicy for my liking.
The fajita had big thick slices of veggies like squash n zuchinni - too thick to wrap in tortillas, not grilled well n not seasoned enough.
All in all, good place to catch a few drinks and appetizers but not so much for a tasty hearty meal.

It seems the description that fits Macayo's is "average".
I have been here on several occasions, but only for lunch and Happy Hour, and have only eaten in the bar.
It always seems like it is a spur of the moment decision, when I am hungry or thirsty and passing by.
The interior is dark, although they do have a nice patio looking over the parking lot.
The staff is friendly and efficient, and if you have a specific request, they have always provided it.
That said, the food is average, not great, but not bad.
The prices are reasonable and the portions are large.
The chips are above average, and the salsa (the hot one) is delicious.
That seems to be why we eat in the bar - they are very free with the chips and salsa.
This is not a destination restaurant for me - but if I am thirsty or am hungry for their chips and salsa, I will stop by for a few drinks.

If this place is average it's only because you've lived in Arizona your whole life and have been spoiled by great Mexican food.
They have the best salsa HANDS DOWN!
The bean burro enchilada style is awesome and so is the green burro.
It's old school though and not a hipster place.
If you want solid Mexican food at a good price this is your place.

I have been eating at Macayos for years, and I have always been pretty satisfied with the overall quality of the food.
The indgredients are fresh, and the food has an appealing presentation.
The chips and salsa are some of the best out of various Mexican restaurants that we frequent.
The real issue with this location is that the staff is really inconsistent.
Occasionally, we will get a competent, friendly server, but for the most part, the service leaves much to be desired.
The servers tend to give the impression that they are annoyed to be serving you.
Other than that, the restaurant is fine - we continue to return even with the spotty service.

Have not gone to Macayo's in a long time so thought I would try it out on Valentines day.
It was one of the only places I could make a reservation and get seated early in the night.
The reasons I had stopped going here all the time still seem to be apparent.
The server was nice but not very personable at all.
Just going through the motions.
Was never offered more chips and fresh salsa..or another beer.
ordered a salad to share.
Not even halfway through our salad the main courses showed up.
Not very happy with that.
The food is very bland tasting.
I used to think Arribas was mediocre, this was a step down from that.
The brava sauce and the salsa with the chips was very watery and bland.
No flavor.
I think something was wrong with the sour cream on the side we shared because we both had unsettled stomachs later in the night.
Everyone working their seemed to be in a state of mind of rather being somewhere else.
Over heard personal conversations, the hostess stand was a gossip station.
I still tipped the waitress well because it is not necessarily her fault she was trained to just go through the motions.
And when you ask someone if they would like their burrito enchilada style, pls mention there is a charge for that.
Our waitress made it sound more like an offer.
Sticking with Manuel's from now on

I had a craving for Mexican- American type food, and since there is no longer a Chi-chi's around my friend suggested we go here since I was visiting the area from out of town.
She is a frequent diner here, and loves it.
I really enjoyed my experience as well.
I love a great Chimichanga along with  re-fried beans and ordered a much  needed strawberry  Margareta.
So lovely!!!!
I enjoyed everything on my plate!
I Loved it so much I suggested we come back my last night in town for drinks and appetizers.
We decided to order the  Mini Chimi Sampler, Macayo's Famous Cheese Crisp that I ordered with ground beef (it almost looked like a cheese crisp pizza),Guacamole Dip with chips.
They also offer free salsa and chips every time you arrive.
Like my friend- I would be a regular here.
I know when I visit my friend that she and I will go back- at my suggestion and to  her delight!

Sometimes, the best way to feel good about your life is to see how bad off others have it.
This is why I propose you take a trip to Mexico this weekend.
More specifically, Rocky Point.
Just a short four-hour drive from Phoenix, it's there you'll become acquainted with what a real shit-hole existence looks like...up close!
Unfortunately, that's not the only perspective you'll gain from your travels.
You'll also have the added pleasure of experiencing what real Mexican food tastes like, realizing how the watered-down, Americanized version of what you've been eating all these years is anything but Mexican.
And that brings us to Macayo's.
You'll like Macayo's.
Do you know why?
Because it's safe.
Not too mild, not too spicy.
Perfect for your white-bread, milk-toast, American tastes.
See, Macayo's has been around for over 60 years.
Unheard of in the restaurant business.
And they didn't do it by frying your taste buds, or making you shit like a sick goose the next day.
They did it with consistent menu items, like their red and green chile, or their chicken poblano...perhaps their most flavorful items.
And their spectacular margaritas, chips, salsa, and chile con queso are also honorable mention.
In short, while it may lack authenticity, it's certain to tantalize your taste buds, just enough to make you come back for more...next week, the week after, and the week  after that.
Added note: Economic times being what they are, a trip to Mexico may be out of the question for some.
Even if you do have the money, there's always the prospect you'll never come back alive, dying in a hail of some drug overlord's wayward bullets.
For this reason, I recommend South Phoenix as an alternative to Mexico, where I'm sure you'll find a place that'll give you Montezuma's revenge, burn your mouth and bum, get your car stolen, and leave you in the street sobbing like Mo'niique did in "Precious" after her mom beat her with a shoe.

We were here for AZ Bike Week.
We stopped by about 9 PM and there was still a good crowd here.
We had an excellent server who made good menu suggestions.
The Margaritas and the Fahitas were excellent.
I am surprised this place does not get higher marks.
It was our first time there, but I would certainly return when back in the area.

Had a great server and warm chips and tasty fresh salsa.
I had really good chicken enchilada with green chili sauce and Boyfriend had a good carnitas pork enchiladas.
Good Mex-American place w/strong drinks.
Try for quick lunch or weekday dinner.

We hadn't been to Macayo's for awhile and I remember them being better than last night.
Both of our foods, bean burro and chimi, were completely tasteless.
Probably the worst burro or burrito I've ever had.
Although, our server was great and the tortilla soup was good.
We usually have Mexican food 2-3 times a month and with how many mexican restaurants there are, we have many to choose from and Macayo's will not be one we return to.

Love this place bring my Macayo's mug for cheaper drinks  Spinach con queso dip and Chimis YUM The manager is great it's so nice to be remembered &  recognized when you are a regular customer

Was excited when I moved here from Vegas to find a Macayos.
Easily the best smooth salsa around.
I will say while they get four stars for the salsa I prefer the food of the restaurants overall in Vegas.
Menus are slightly different here in AZ.

Best Mexican food!
My favorite is the carnitas quesadilla w/ a side of baja sauce.
The baja sauce is amazing!
It is a cream cheese/jalapeno sauce.
Your taste buds will thank you for trying this.
I actually used to work here years ago but I still go here to eat all of the time!
I am telling you all that I used to work here b/c when you work at a restaurant you see everything that goes on behind the scenes.
While I worked here I never saw anything bad.
Everyone washed their hands, everyone had great personal hygiene and everyone helped each other out.
We were like a family; I loved working there.
I gained about 10 pounds while I worked here because the food was just fantastic so I always ate there.
No matter what your diet is they have something for you.
From salads & calorie watchers, to vegetarian, to meat lovers, to I don't care how fattening it is I'll eat it!
There are Macayo's all over the valley so go find one & enjoy their wonderful food.
OH and they have amazing drinks too!
Their margaritas are delicious.

Macayo's has been a family favorite for years!
There staff is always prompt, friendly, and courteous.
There food is nothing extroadinary, but is always consistent (you always know what you are going to get each and every time!).
They are constantly bringing back chips and salsa, where as other mexican restuarants seem to slack off a bit in this area.
Their margarita mugs are a good deal, you can bring em back each time for a $3.99 refill and then upon departure they will rinse out and bag up for you.
Overall I reccomend this place.
Side note:  I attended a rehersal dinner here and they were great!

I'm a regular.
My 5 year asks to go here all the time.
This is the extended family meeting spot, as well.
It is a great "go to" spot for Mexican food.
The service is always friendly, the food is always good, and the atmosphere is great.

One word, Nasty.
I came here with a large group on October 4th.
The service was pretty poor (he did not clear dirty plates and kept on bumping me when handing over plates, drinks, etc).
He also left our table halfway through taking orders to get drink refills for other table.
The worst part was the food, bland, odd textures and just overall yucky.
My friend and I both had food poisening and others felt really sick.
Yuck, yuck, yuck!

I've been coming here for years.
Unfortunately it has been progressively going downhill.
Last night was probably the final time I will go there.
It was a bit slow and I came in with a party of 6 around 845pm.
The staff was very detached, we had to beg for everything from water to cocktails.
It was so bad that I went hunting for help and wound up in the bar to ask for the manager.
Both the bartender and hostess (who were watching tv) told me the manager would come to our table....
He never showed up.
So sad to see a place go downhill because of a loose staff and management.
It's also been feeling dirty in there too.
Didn't seem like they care anymore.
Food was still good though, but with all the other issues I don't trust that they are handling it well.

My wife and I went here for dinner last night.
It was a Thursday night at about 7:30 and the place was pretty dead which was nice.
Somehow I've never been to this location before and it is pretty run down and old but you still get the good ole Macayo's charm.
There are signs all over the place saying they are going to remodel the place this month so that will be nice.
The food was pretty good and exactly what you'd expect.
Not the best, not the worst.
You get some decent Mexican food at a decent price.
The best part is that I scored a Local Dines gift certificate ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ) and my meal was basically free.
Our waiter was very good, fast, and friendly.
He kept my diet cokes coming like clockwork which was awesome.

It is possible to get really bad Mexican in the SouthWest.
I rarely ever get burned with my food choices, but score one for Macayo's Mexican Restaurant.
I was in Phoenix for five days and had three incredible mexican meals so just figured the odds of getting bad Mexican where similar to the odds of getting a bad slice in NYC.
As a result, I let my guard down and went to Macayo's for no reason other than that it was close to my hotel.
I'll never be that careless again.
I knew I made a fatal mistake when I walked in the door: The place was huge and there were only people at five tables.
The atomosphere was that tacky overdone carribean mexican feel with lot's of turqouise and other clashing colors combined with busy carpet.
The gringo that took the order was another sign that this place was about as authentic as a made in china sticker.
The salsa quite frankly was the worst I ever tasted.
I would have begged them to bring out a bottle of Pace if I thought they had it.
The chips were equally bad.
The menu was completely unimaginative.
I ordered a pork burro which came with absolutely nothing in it but bland laying in the pan pork.
I paid $2 more for enchilada style which was supposed to come with sauce and melted cheese over it.
In places where that kind of things worked the sauce is usually a deep red, here it was a depressing rust color that lacked any flavor.
If there was melted cheese over it, there was so little it dissolved in the rusty sauce.
My girlfriends Chile Relleno, which I didn't taste, was the worst she ever had.
In a place where incredible mexican is the rule, I would venture to guess the over/under for this place staying in business is hours, and if it's not it deserves to be.
AVOID!!

Service was great.
It was busy yet we were seated quickly and our waiter was always on top of things.
My tortilla soup was good but nothing wowed me.
If you want average run of the mill Mexican food here is the place.

Fajitas enough for two to share, and really good

Ate here on a Friday night about a week ago.
Place was busy but we were seated in just a few minutes.
The good - service was great.
The bad -   the Chimichanga de Macayo tasted as if it was a frozen mexican dinner and the salad was a bunch of shredded lettuce with little else.
Will look for a different restaurant if the urge for Mexican food strikes again.

Good food and service.
Have a menu for gluten-free options which was great,

Stopped at Scottsdale location for a chicken California burrito, tasty.
Location is OK but once again another location needing to update its dining rooms.

Another great meal today!
The food is always good & you can count on that ever time!
Great quality, consistent & great service.
They know how to do it right!

Meh.
There's a lot of great Mexican restaurants in Arizona.
This one falls into the Mexi-American category which isn't a bad thing unless you love authentic Mexican food.
Even the guacamole here left something to be desired.
Still, the servers are always friendly and it's a fun environment.
I love the interior booths and the wall decorations.

We come here on an average once a week and always leave feeling wonderful.
The food is great.
I think one of my favorite things here is that along with the salsa they also bring out hot sauce for the chips.
Sometimes they forget, but you can ask for it.
It's the tastiest stuff.
Cant get enough.
My girlfriend and I usually do the baja chicken burro but have also recently got the mini chicken chimis.
holy deliciousness batman!

The food here is your average American-Mexican food.
There are always Chips and salsa.
If you're lucky enough to get a fresh batch they are wonderful.
I love that they don't cake them with salt.
The food is consistent and spicy.
Their carne asada is my favorite.
But the reason we continue to visit is a certain waiter named Kevin.
He is exceptional.
Upbeat, enthused and never ever let's a cup run dry.
He makes you feel special and continues to provide excellent service.
He deserves a raise.

I should have gone to the Central Ave location.

I have lived in Phoenix/ Scottsdale for 33 years.
This used to be avoid restaurant but the last two visits have been disappointing.
This week not only did the 2 of us wait over an hour to get our food, but the food is only marginal.
Very basic, bland flavor on the chimichanga, but soggy, how can you ruin a quesadilla ?
This one was over cooked and the cheese was hard.
I guess this is my last visit.
I know that Nando's is out in the East valley and a drive but their food is so superior.
I noticed that this has become a snowbird hang out.
I guess they do not know good Mexican food.
The chips and salsa...pass on that, stale chips and no flavor salsa.

As being a fan of Macayo's for 43 years this is the worst experience I had.
Ordered a Carne Asada Burro and there was very little steak.
In fact, not much of anything in the center.
Very disappointed in the quality of this product.
Will not go back to this store again.

Salsa is key at a Mex restaurant - we got a soupy tomato mixture with some pieces of canned tomatoes in it.
We ordered skinny margaritas, which are typically less sweet than regular ones.
We got overly sweet margaritas and they were not at all generous with the tequila.
The finale was my stacked enchiladas, which consisted of three tortillas SWIMMING in a gooey mixture.
They were horrible and I sent them back.
They did bring another order with sauce on the side but we'll never return.

Not a Monday night football destination, but clearly a destination for the make your own guacamole.
At HH, all apps are half price and the guac was about $4 for a giant portion with five individual serving cups to make it my way.
The pepitas seeds are unusual and spicy and I liked the chopped red onions and cilantro as well.
They also had $3 Happy Hour margarita's, but the mustached bartender kind of ripped me off by giving me a larger size without permission.
He paid for that during the tipping process.
The TV's at the bar stink and the place was virtually empty for a big MNF game.
Be back for the guac, but not for sports.

Well, they got my order wrong, but were very good about making amends and serving me a piping hot new (correct) plate.
It was delicious.
And the margarita's were excellent as well.

With so many mexican cuisine choices...don't ask me why we chose to eat at Macayos.
The food was bland and the service was so so.
No reason to rush here for dinner or lunch.

chicken pablano and baja sauce are the bomb.
I've been to Macayo's well over 100 times and NEVER had a bad meal.
Fairly priced, good food and good service.

Growing up, this was a restaurant that our family avoided.
Now we're older and our tastes have changed.
Macayo hasn't.
It's bland, boring Mexican food with watery, flavorless salsa that my now elderly parents can't get enough of and I go along for the ride.
If you have snowbirds to entertain, this will surely do the trick.
Nobody will get something too spicy.
Otherwise, there are better choices in town.
But if you enjoy the culinary time warp and your stomach can handle heavy, bland Mex, have a seat, as these recipes haven't changed since 1948.

OMG I Love this place!
It's been my cousin and my go to fav place for sooooo long!
The food is soooo good!
The chips and salsa are so freekin fresh!
I CRAVE them!
And the service has always been on point!

My boyfriend and I visited Macayo's for dinner and we both where impressed by our waiter.
(I wish I remembered his name) He was on top of everything despite it being a very busy friday night rush.
He brought us waters right away and was very attentive throughout our meal.
The food was delicious, I had the chimichanga and my boyfriend had a shrimp burrito.
The shrimp burrito is not on the menu but our waiter said he would make it happen.
We where very satisfied with our experience and will for sure be back!

First visit - last visit.
I spent the last 40 years in NM and find the AZ version of Mexican food to be very bland.
The salsa is very watery, the food is dry, the chips were blah.
But what will keep us from going back is the $6.25 charge for a tiny glass of what they called 'sangria'.
It was white wine with ice and diced fruit in a small wine glass.
Could not have contained more than 2 ounces of wine.
We were never offered a drink menu so we were ordering blind.
My husband and I were astonished.
I mentioned the problem to the hostess as we were leaving and she said.....nothing.
Not one word.
We had a better meal last week at Rubios at about 1/2 the cost - including a great glass of sangria.

Very authentic.
Large and decorative interior.
My favorite was the porch where we decided to sit.
The food was phenomenal, almost as though I were eating an actual fish taco made in Mexico.
Fresh homemade salsa and chips beforehand were a nice way to welcome us and allow us to stay awhile.
However, giving us all our own salsa dish made me not find it desirable to order an appetizer.
I certainly don't mind though as they get plenty of service and guests.
They seem to know where to get their money.
The only improvement I can see is the decorations.
While the environment is comfortable, the authentic food didn't seem to match the décor.

Once my plane landed in sunny Arizona my friend knew without question where I wanted to go for drinks and food.
The food is always great and I love that they bring out warm chips and salsa made two ways- mild and spicy.
We ordered appetizers as well and it was all great.
In the two times I visited I would say during this visit that the service was on the slow side, but a problem with my meal was addressed by management efficiently.
I would not hesitate to go again and I hope this won't be my last visit.

Go way backwith the Macayo experience  to El Nino (sp?
) on McDowell Street in Phoenix in the 1940s.... now live in Chicago...winter in Scottsdale...Macayos on Scottsdale Road is my local favorite for dinner about three times a week.
Love the food, love the burrios enchilada style, love the shedded beef tacos and enchiladas.
Great quick service.
Take out is also convenient.
Love this place.
Counting the days until the next stay in Scottsdale and many many dinners at Macayos.

I like the charm of this particular Macayos It is dated but I'm pretty sure all the Macayos are...
It's part of their own history and adds a lot to their uniqueness  This restaurant is huge, inside and outside  I was really surprised at how big it was haha On our dinner stop the restaurant was pretty empty which was great because we were starving and had already drove all the way up from Tempe  The hostess seated us upon walking in and our server was very prompt as well  She was nice and very knowledgable of the menu  After looking at the menu I got the enchiladas and refried beans Well That was after I devoured the chips & salsa  We put our order in  And Our food came out in about 10 minutes Maybe even quicker  And then I finished my food in maybe 5 minutes haha I was so hungry One of the managers brought our food out and she was very, very nice   Overall it was a nice meal and nice ambience   I kept looking at the bar and thinking "how drab" but I'm sure their happy hour prices make up for it :)

We ordered take out tonight and got home.
First bite into the Baja chicken burro there were 2 chicken bones.
Although that is absolutely disgusting when I called them they offered to replace them and give me a credit in which they did.
I did have to drive back and go pick them up which sucked.
But great customer service, just a surprise with having chicken bones.

I was in this place for lunch today and had the chicken fajitas.
They were great.
But what really impressed me was my server, Fernando.
He was did an excellent job on all levels.
Greeted me warmly and promptly, served me promptly, used my name and told me about the lunch card and brought it to the table.
(Which I hadn't known about) after 5 lunches the 6th is free.
I would definitely return!

Oh this is a tired place!
The food is blah, the decor is straight from Party City, and the service is average.

