Perfectly located up on the capitol square, where else, other than Wisconsin can you get a grilled cheese, ham and cheese sandwich?
Perfect spot to go drinking during your lunch hour with the friendliest bartender around.
And where else can you get your lunch hour Strong Man Competition fix?

I once hit three bulls eyes (one a double) at this bar.
It therefore comes highly recommended.

LOTS OF VEGETARIAN BAR FOOD!!!!
Nice place to hang out w/ a large group.
Food is good, not awesome.
Service is pretty good.
Decent drinks ($5).
Good beers.
A little overpriced, but overall you will have a good time with many coworkers or friends.
Good place to watch a game, but they are not open on Sundays.
The veggie ruben is my personal fav although a close second is the California fiesta.

I had the usual 5-8 happy binge+hoot with close friends.
Had a really good time.
Nice casual bar with a friendly bar tender (thanks for putting up with us).
Pretty good bar snacks (still prefer the Plaza).
We ordered the classics: wings, fried curds, french fries, and onion rings.
Thought the dice's french fries are far better than Argus'.
So why the 3 stars?
Because I got the hangover the next morning.
This doesn't usually happen to me at other places - what were they pouring in my glass?
and I consider myself as a pro on binge.

The Argus is "my" bar.
They have a great happy hour.
I love their vegetarian sandwiches (separate section on the menu), and they make great long islands.
The cheese curds are pretty good, too.
The lady who (I think?
) owns the bar with her husband is awesome.
She remembers your drink, remembers which sandwiches you like, and always makes you feel welcome.
I hang out on their patio and read with drinks and dinner in the summer, and I spent election night there.

The location right up by the capital is great, they usually have somewhere to sit, and the owner is always there and seems to remember people and what they drink- definitely a unique atmosphere compared to most of the bars in this area.
Food is mediocre, but cheap, so I never feel particularly good or bad about eating here...this is a great back-up bar, at the very least, but also certainly an easy place to become a regular at...which is always a nice assurance.

We've some stuff on the menu - burgers, a wrap, onion rings, fries, etc- and it was all fairly mediorce, but reasonably priced at around 7-8 bucks for dinner.
But hey - the hot wings here are amazing.
No complaints.
They're perfect.
ORDER THE WINGS!!

We're always taken care of when we go here.
Burgers are good, the fish-fry is so so, and the drinks are nice and stiff.
The downstairs dungeon thing is perplexing, but adds character.

The waitress was a little surly, but other than that this place is great.
Nice atmosphere, good location, great beer selection and wonderful food.
I had the Barbara's Garden sandwich which was delicious.
I am a huge fan of avocado on a veggie melt.
My friends got the patty melt and the pesto chicken sandwich and they both raved.
Go for the fries.

Downstairs has a great venue for bands, it's kinda hidden away.
Little pricy for the average ambience they offer.

Its a great place to spend the afternoon for a drink and lunch on the patio.
The inside of the building is also very historic.
I would highly recommend the jalapeno cheese curds.
I think they are super delicious.
They are not too hot and come with a yummy ranch dip.
I also love the wrap I believe is called RC's Identity Crisis!
Its a buffalo chicken wrap with bacon, bleu cheese (I love bleu cheese).
Every time I have been here the wait staff has been very friendly and quick to help us out.
They have quite a large menu which I don't think is overpriced.
I'll be back.

The Sandwiches are very reasonably priced and decent.
Certainly not amazing, but I was not displeased when I left.
The chips that come with the sandwiches, though, are clearly normal potato chips from a bag, so next time I'll opt for the fries instead.
The beer list is pretty good and reasonably priced, and the atmosphere is cozy.
I'll probably be back.

Argus is where it's at!
They're menu is never-ending, with a wide variety of vegetarian options to choose from.
Exceptionally friendly interaction between the employees and their patrons.
Argus has a sort of Cheers feel to it.
They could use a bit more space to accommodate such a fantastic crowd of people, though.

I keep waffling between three stars and four on this one.
On a good night, I really like Argus.
It's generally not too crowded, prices are average, and on warm nights they have one of the more comfortable options for seating.
The music is usually pretty good, and at the very least it's interesting - not a lot of Top 40 or classic rock.
Some nights though, the lack of a crowd works against the atmosphere, and the food (in my limited experience) was fine but nothing stellar despite their large menu.
It could have been an off night, and maybe my particular sandwich isn't indicative of their other offerings.
I always enjoy Argus, but there's not anything that's yet to tip the scales permanently from "A-OK" to "Yay!

The Argus and I have a relationship.
I worked at La Mestiza (which has since closed) next door for a few months while in Madison.
I was originally drawn to the Argus by the very handsome man who works there named Davin.
(He is still there, go visit him!
)   The offer live music, pool tables and great food.
The best sandwich in Wisconsin exists here: The LGBTA  Lettuce, gouda, bacon, tomato and avocado.
And you get fries...but not just any fries, sexy fries.
Reasonably priced, clean and always friendly, the Argus is one of the best casual restaurants to go to in Madison,

Argus is a fun, tasty and reliable lunch choice on the Capitol square.
Especially if you are with a crowd because Argus has something for everyone, including vegetarians and the gluten free.
But the main reason I love Argus is because ordering can make you feel just a little dirty, as in "I'll have Dick Frank's super sub and the lady will have Barbara's Garden.
" Add a side of sexy fries to the order and you get the feeling that this might just turn into a long lunch.
Nooner, anyone?

Went here to drink and play Scrabble.
Very stiff double jack & coke so woohoo!
Got my buddy drunk for the first time in his life!

This is a great place to unwind and have a great meal!
Best fish fry on the square!
Their outdoor seating is fantastic, so if you aren't in a hurry and really just want a place to relax and enjoy a drink with a friend, its a great spot!

Came here late, late night.
Loud and dark.
I didn't get a drink (as I did not need ANYmore), but it seemed like a cool atmosphere.
Younger, a little hip.

One of Madison's best, most consistent least appreciated Downtown bars.
Right off the Capital Square but well above the pricier spots that serve up less value than true substance.
Great food good service and authentic Wisconsin hospitality.

Argus is right off the Capitol square, which is convenient for some people.
They have happy hour from 4-7 ($1 off taps, rail drinks and wines, I think).
They also have some tasty buffalo wings and a host of delicious sounding sandwiches and burgers with clever/punny names.
I split an order of wings and the LBGTA (Lettuce, bacon, gorgonzola, tomato, avocado) sandwich with my boyfriend, and they were gone rather quickly.
The fries are thick cut and salted just right.
Yeah, I'll be back for sure.

I went here for their open mic, and discovered their sandwich menu.
If the comedy sucks, go upstairs and sit at the bar- then order any sandwich off their menu.
Add a spotted cow, a shot of whiskey, and VIOLA!
Night saved.
Perfectly toasted french bun, melted cheese, avocado, portabello mushroom, onions, and chipotle sauce.
If you like meat, there's options.
Bartender is perfectly friendly.
One of the few things I liked about being in Wisconsin was this bar.

Dude.
Why didn't anyone ever tell me that the downstairs turns into a BUMPIN nightclub on the weekends?
While it's a little dungeon-y, it makes for a hilarious mosh pit of action and grooving.
Their was a great combination of above 40's and college frat bros that somehow managed to work.
The bar upstairs was being flogged, but the downstairs one was manageable and I snagged a Ballistic for a reasonable $3.75.
The whole scene was hilarious; I recommend it if you're up for a night of raging.

This is city bar with patio seating, it's not very big but does have good tap beers.
We sat on the patio seating like everyone else was doing.
They have food service to the patio as well with the spirits.
People were having the food but we had drinks.
The service was slightly slow because they were trying to work the inside and out but she kept up.
It was a nice casual place to sit out.
Side on a nice day and relax.
The street was king of noisy but that was to be expected.
This seems like a neighborhood because every one sitting there was bumping into people they know and talking.
Staff was friendly and pleasant.
This looks like a nice hang out place.
I would go back again.

I don't think people rush to Argus to eat salad, but I do.
Three times this month in fact.
There's just something about blackened chicken on a bed of greens that gets this guy going.
But they have 153 sandwiches if that's more your thing.
Ok... maybe not THAT many, but I'm always surprised when I pick up their menu after a while and see the plethora of burgers, sandwiches, wraps and yup, salads.
And now that Main street is open again, it's quite lovely to score seats on the patio and watch the cast of characters drift by.

I'm new to area always looking for new places to eat.
Ok so I picked this place on the hot guy review lol.
So not disappointed, food is fantastic, love people watching while I get my grub on.
I went with classic sandwich, next time I'll try the salad.

