Sophia's is like that girlfriend you broke up with last month.
You know the one that you can't stand but keep going back to because the sex is so great?
That's Sophia's: great food, questionable execution.
The bakery items are bar none and the ever-changing menu is filled with all sorts of organic breakfast goodness.
However, the dining room is tiny.
No waiting area to speak of (unless you count the sidewalk) and only four tables.
You often will have to share your table with one of your fellow Madisionians.
This can either be an interesting way to start your Sunday morning or  really, really awkward.
Also, the hours are hinky.
Only open weekend mornings and even then, Sophia's closes randomly.
Despite all of this, it's worth it.
Sophia's is a hidden Madison gem that shouldn't be overlooked.

Small place with a lot of big tables jammed in.
You will most likely be sharing your table with other people.
You pay after you've eaten, which is strange since you order at the counter.
The food takes a long time to get.
Despite the negatives, it is one of my favorite places to go for brunch.
The food is always excellent, and this place deserves 5 stars.

OMG, the BEST place for breakfast in Madison.
Omelet is perfect.
Coffee is brewed perfect.
And their pastries (croissant, blueberry coffeecake, scones etc) are so good.
I kind of want to keep this place a secret to avoid the overcrowding that they're already experiencing, but oh well, I want everyone to know what good food (and atmosphere) really is all about!

Yes.
Yes, please.
In-f'n-credible food.
I'm so sad they're not open every single day.

How did I live in Madison all my life and never go to Sophia's until 2 months after I moved away?
My loss obviously!
This is hands down the best breakfast I have ever had in Madison.
The pancakes were generously sized and not too flour-y and slightly sweet, but not overpowering or anything.
My companion ordered the basil/mozzarella/tomato omelette and it was so delicious I couldn't even believe it.
The fried potatoes were delicious as well.
Everything was fresh and just so tasty.
All of the baked goods looked yummy as well.
I wish my stomach held more!
The atmosphere was very cozy, and the people working were friendly.
At one point, Sophia herself called the staff to ask how it was going, and all the patrons said "hello" over the phone.
The hours are odd, only being open till whenever (noonish?
) on Saturday and Sunday, but it really only adds to the charm.
I will forever kick myself for so many drives past Sophia's without going in.

some sort of magic is going on back there.
there's simply no way to recreate this stuff.
and the baked goods!
oh my god!
plus, they make you feel like family.

Best breakfast ever.
I wish we had a place like this in Minneapolis.
Well, maybe we do, but I don't want to search the city trying to find a suitable replacement for Sophia's - I just want Sophia's to be here.
I had the butternut squash omelette with the roasted potatoes and I've been dreaming about it ever since.
I tried the cherry crepes and burritos (with black beans, I think) and they were both amazing.
I stopped back before leaving Madison and got a couple of baked goods for my mom.
I consider myself a pretty good baker but Sophia's pastries are the kind of baking I WISH that I could do.
So good.

Thank goodness more people don't know about Sophia's (or don't wake up early enough to eat there), but I fear the word is spreading!
It's already too popular for its own good (size), so you should try to arrive when/before they open to get a seat.
Everything you could order would be delicious.
I used to down a gargantuan breakfast at Sophia's and then I would order pastries (croissant, coffee cake, etc.
) to go - joy!
The owner/staff were all really friendly and made me want to support this local business regularly.

I feel like an update is necessary here.
I have been to Sofia's many times now in the last couple of months, and I have to say it never disappoints.
The squash omelette is like the best thing EVER, and their cinnamon rolls are just perfect.
The black bean tacos and cherry crepes are pretty delish too.
Some small criticisms are that the egg on the croissant sandwich is kind of too much, and the ginger pear waffles are pretty heavy on the ginger.
i finally got to sit with some of my "fellow madisonians" and we talked through breakfast, and it was super nice.

I love Sophia's but she's a bit of a handful.
So, here's the gameplan: in an out prior to 9:30 a.m. OR get the bakery to-go.
Then, if you live two blocks away (also part of the gameplan) you can get it all done on your dogwalk and (assuming you queued up ahead) the coffee'll be ready just in time when you get home.

Get there early.
I mean, really early.
I mean, when they first open the doors kinda early.
There aren't many tables and it's tiny inside.
The boards show what they have to offer everyday.
I hear it changes so they keep the menu fresh.
Be polite, the peeps here are good ones.
If they happen to have the Asparagus, Smoked Salmon, Cream Cheese, Dill Omelet.
Get it.
(pic posted)  If there are 2 people in your party, have your other party order the Cherry Crepes (if they're up on the menu).
(pic posted)  Yes, get coffee.
Go halfsies on your breakfast.
Put your plates and cups away when you're done.
Get a cinnamon roll to go, for later, when you will definitely want more deliciousness in your stomach.
Lather, Rinse.
Repeat.

Sophia, I still want to have your baby.
I'm not the kind of person who enjoys sitting with strangers and making small talk but, if you put a plate of anything on Sophia's menu in front of me, I will shut up and take it like a man.
Err....yeah.

This place was great.
Hot, busy and crowded, but great!
It's teeny tiny, but people are willing to share tables inside, and outside my sister and I set up on a little bench with no-kidding- little TV tables that worked pretty well!
Do-it yourself coffee, and fantastic breakfast.
I had an omelet with grape tomatoes, mozzerella, and some other veggies.
It tasted like everything was bought at the Farmer's Market the day before.
My sister had the chocolate chip pancakes with orange sauce-a little too sweet for me-but still fabulous.
The strawberry waffles I saw other people eating looked amazing-and very seasonal!
Great breakfast before we headed back to the Twin Ciites.

I really like Sophia's.
The pastries and the food is all delicious.
I love to stop in for a muffin or a croissant and take them home, because the restaurant is super-small.
I love Sophia's when I'm one of the first people in the place, before it gets really crowded.
Go early, and make sure you get some pastries to take home with you, because you'll think about them later.
I would probably give Sophia's 4.5 stars if that was an option, because sometimes they leave things to be desired, but the food is just THAT good.
I've eaten-in at Sophia's a few times, to varied results: I wouldn't come here with a hangover or if you are extremely hungry, because the wait can be really long and the restaurant can get really crowded really quickly.
I think the inside seats like 16 people, to give you an idea.
The food is really amazing, though, which makes the wait worthwhile.

I checked out out Sophia's based on the rave reviews I read on Yelp and was not dissapointed!
The food was fabulous and I personally enjoyed the atmosphere.
If you're not a people person you might not enjoy Sophia's as much though as a lot of people pack into their small dining area and most of the time you have to share a table with other patrons.
Also, keep in mind that they take cash only!
The food is great though and it's a perfect saturday morning breakfast stop!

It's frustrating that this place is only open for breakfast on the weekends and that there isn't more seating indoors.
However, operating on a small scale and strictly on its own terms allows Sophia's to truly excel at being, for a couple of days every week, by far the best breakfast experience in Madison.
The pastries are outstanding and there's a different selection each time.
I usually go with one of the omelette specials, all of which are made with fresh, locally sourced ingredients.
This place makes living in Madison worthwhile.

this is the best breakfast place in Madison (and this town is full of awesome breakfast spots)....or anywhere I've been.
they're only open on the weekends so you spend your weekdays longing for the amazing cottage cheese pancakes with fresh boysenberries on top, the omelet specials (usu.
3 different ones)...like caramelized onions, roasted grape tomato, fresh basil and mozzarella.....very very awesome.
their home fries are fresh, good , and not swimming in oil (much better than lazy janes  or even marigold in my opinion).
the pastries are among the best i've had, close to the polish ones i get on the east coast...not overly sweet!!
(most Americans do not get how to make pastries)...get the berry crumb cake which is unlike any crumb cake you've had, the bundt cakes are great too.
the place is very cozy and very small, but i'll gladly stand on the sidewalk in the madison summer heat to eat sophia's cooking.

My boyfriend and I just moved a few blocks away from Sophia's, so we thought we'd try it out this morning.
I am SO glad we did!
I had the ratatouille omelette: grilled zucchini, eggplant, and red peppers, with caramelized onions, basil, and asiago.
Oh.
My.
God.
It was fantastic.
The asiago really set off the earthy flavors of the grilled veggies.
The potatoes on the side were tasty as well... nice and brown.
My boyfriend had the sweet corn and chorizo omelette, with leeks and cheddar jack.
I tasted it and was sort of jealous!
It was that good.
He told me that it was the best omelette he has ever had.
On the way out, we picked up some croissants and a blueberry muffin.
The croissants were, get this, WARM FROM JUST BEING BAKED.
It was such a happy thing, to walk home while munching on a fresh croissant.
If you don't have cash, no worries: the grocery store across the street has an ATM.
And get cozy with your neighbors!
It's more fun.

If you can get in the door...go!
Go immediately.
Everything here is good.
Literally, everything.
Cute little neighborhoody spot with excellent homemade food.
What more do you need?

Visiting from SF.
Checked yelp and found this place.
It is very small -- a converted house.
As you sit in it you can watch the kitchen.
The food was excellent.
We had an eggplant/red pepper omelet and peach waffles.
The waffles were light and fluffy with fresh whipped creme.
We got pastries to go, which were also good, in particular the chocolate croissant was unique.
Great place for an informal breakfast.

Probably one of the most delicious breakfast spots in Madison, hands down.
The bakery is is also amazing!!
Unfortunately they only take cash, so make sure to hit up the ATM before.
Once you order one of the delicious omelettes or pastries you wont be disappointed!!
The sitting arrangement is shared community tables, which can make for some interesting eating partners but also good conversations.

Fantastic breakfast.
Crazy cute staff.
Can't beat it.

Not wild about the cramped quarters, but we got there at about 9:15 on a Sunday and while waiting for our food we were able to get a table that just accommodated our group of three people, so it wasn't too bad.
Also, the food was fantastic.
I tend to be tempted by sweet breakfast items but almost always end up finding them unsatisfying if I actually order them.
Not here!
I got the croissant french toast with cherries, and it did not suffer at all from the cloying sweetness that's often a problem with such breakfasts.
The cherries were pleasantly tart and the french toast's texture was absolutely lovely.
I also had a bite of my companion's spinach & feta omelette, and it was very good.
The bacon was great--thick-cut and cooked to satisfying crispness, but not overdone.
The only thing that didn't wow me was their breakfast potatoes, which I found rather bland.
Still, I look forward to going back and trying more menu items; it was very difficult for me to decide.

Amazing.
Finest ingredients and everything is made from scratch and cooked to perfection.
There's no reason for me to describe the food because when I say perfect I mean it.
You need to try it if you are in Madison, but good luck since the restaurant has very limited seating.
Brunch food at it's very best.

4 out of 5 stars due to the physical logistics of the space alone.
otherwise 5 stars.
the food is always fresh & tasty.
the bakery is delish!
if it wasn't such a frustrating & cramped place to get a table and eat at - it would be perfect.

Overally, a totally great experience!
We did not experience much of a line.
We ordered a chocolate croissant and sat down with some tea.
The croissant was heavenly!
Perfect buttery croissant, with creamy, rich chocolate inside.
I got the cottage cheese pancakes with boysenberries, and they were super delicious.
The cottage cheese gave the pancakes a different, good texture, and the combo with the boysenberries was perfect.
The atmosphere felt very home-like, which I liked.
I also liked being able to see into the kitchen.
The "spoon curtain" was also cool.

How DARE I not give this place all five stars, right?
Ok the food is great - I got it, tried it myself, and confirmed those findings.
But minus one star for a strange experience: The young niece or granddaughter (not sure) who would not let us sit down at the table we wanted to initially and then proceeded to question us about what we were ordering, why, where we're from - like she was interrogating us.
It was strange and unwelcoming.
Perhaps I'm being insensitive here about a child with special needs or a personality disorder, but I'm not sure that's the case, and I'm posting it anyway.
The ambiguity makes me feel like a horrible person!
Crap.

Is it cramped?
Yes.
Can you be assured of a leisurely breakfast without feeling rushed to give up your seat?
This is not likely.
However, I have found that the best time to go to Sophia's is after 1 pm (they close at 2) when you can almost always find a seat and sit as long as you like (they do not kick you out promptly at 2!).
This is my Sophia's strategy and if you hate being rushed or being forced to squish around a small table, try it.
As others have said the food is fantastic.
I've never had an omelet so fluffy.

Tiny as shit.
Like, you're sitting on top of tables.
Like 100 sq ft for dining.
As in claustrophobia, well don't even think about it.
Why is it getting all these 5 star reviews?
Well, it is charming I have to admit.
The diminutive size gives a folksy, hippie-hip, ambiance.
Men with beards, you've got em.
Thrift store sheik women, of course.
And, as is almost always the case with such a clientele, everyone is overly nice.
The food, can't speak to it as we couldn't fit inside to wait.
I'd be fairly certain it would be good wholesome fare (how could it not be with such a small dining area?).
But, then again, I'd bet my left nut that people would rate this highly even if the food was nothing special.
People are rating this because it's everything an Applebee's isn't.
In all, I came away disliking the place.
I mean, it's one thing to be cute, tiny and all that, but for god-sakes this place is asinine.
Stick to being a bakery.
Oh, and how the eff can this place claim to be handicap accessible?
Maybe they mean if you stay out on the sidewalk, they'll run you out your order.

Their potatoes are amazing.
Their croissants and baked goods are deliciously melt in your mouth buttery.
Their breakfast menu changes on a weekly basis and they're only open on the weekends.
The only thing I dislike about them is that when what dominates their breakfast menu are omelets, and I dislike omelets.
However, everything else is delicious that I always walk away enjoying my meal.
The place is tiny, but I am usually able to find a seat by the time my food is ready.

Simply the best.

the most heavenly brunch everrrrrrrrr.
sophia's is that cool artist girl that everyone has a mini-crush on b/c she's soooooooooo incredibly sweet.
sure, a little on the absent-minded side but she has such infectious enthusiasm for life that all your hair-brained poor life choices totally seem feasible.
ahhh heart heart heart!
also.
what is with the dbag writing a review w/o eating here?
stop hating FIB!

So amazing and delicious!
The seating area is small, but not a problem.
Didn't you learn to share in kindergarten?
Delicious brunch, and amazing pastries.
I had the waffles with whipped cream and strawberries, and a berry cheesecake crumbcake.
Amazing flavor.
Go go go!

i haven't had their brunch, but the baked goods are to die for.
i will definitely have to come back.
i would give this place five stars if it weren't for the super tiny dining area and the rude clientele.
(everyone repeat after me - "excuse me!

this is the most enchanting place in all of madison.
i solely wish i lived in madison for no other reason than i could come here every weekend for brunch.

Food is good, but the place is tiiiiiiiny.
That adds to its charm, however.
I just hope you don't end up having to share a table with an unwashed, wanna be madison rasta kid that wants to talk the entire meal.
Unless of course, you're a fellow unwashed madison wanna be rasta who wants to talk about bringing down the establishment.
It's really like you're sitting in someone's kitchen.
In fact, when you order, you look right into the kitchen before you have to pirouette on a dime to turn around and search for a seat.
There's about 8 seats in the place.
Truly enjoyed the meal, but I'm just not sure i'm patient enough to go here often given the wait and cramped space.

MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmm!

The Power of Yelp brought us to this jewel.
My wife and I were in town with our daughter for registration at UW and we had the opportunity to experience brunch on Sunday.
We arrived at 8:15 and were the first customers, lucky if you have read other reviews on how busy it gets.
Yeah, the place is tiny and that is part of its charm.
Friendly people working in the open kitchen, made from scratch bakery items (the blueberry muffin had so many juicy berries my fingers were stained), and the omelettes we had were perfect.
For all you UW parents, make this your brunch destination.

My brunch buddy and I have tried other brunches in the area, but after a few that just didn't live up to Sophia's quality and taste, we gave up searching and come here nearly every weekend.
The omelets are always made with inventive combinations of veggies, herbs, and cheese; the ingredients are consistently amazingly fresh.
The baked goods are nothing short of magical (I can never leave without trying at least one), the coffee is always hot, and all the pancakes I've tried have blown me away.
Seriously, I can think of no reason not to go here for brunch on the weekends.
I just wish it was open all week.
And yes, it's tiny, but once you sit down with a scone and a cup of coffee to wait for your food, you don't even notice.
The size is good for me, because instead of bringing all my friends at once to support Sophia's, I have an excuse to come back over and over, to bring them in ones and pairs!

Best waffle.
Ever.
Almond crosant wasn't like a traditional crosant, bready- not as flakeh, but it was still delish.

No time to write much here.
I was in Madison for Ironman 2010, and I went there with a woman that I was having a fantastic weekend with.
We found Sophia's via Yelp, and the reviews encouraged us to try it out.
The first thing that hits you when walking in are the amazing smells.
The whole cafe is a delight to the senses.
The food was wonderful, with great options.
It's the sort of place where you hate having to choose just one dish, and you want to come back as soon as possible to try something else.
The people were very friendly, both the staff and the people in the restaurant.
I hate the fact that I don't live in Madison so I can't go there again anytime soon.

Excellent local breakfast restaurant.
Too bad it's only open on the weekends.

Food is SUPER FANTASTIC.
It's cute and cozy.
Has a lot of charm and unique old atmosphere.
Downside - super tiny.
Although this can add to an interesting experience.
We shared a table with 4 other people.
I can't think of the last time I went to a restaurant and shared a table with complete strangers.
But we had an interesting chat.
My suggestion - Go early!

Don't come here.
Really.
Please don't.
Because the food is delicious and the atmosphere is homey and cozy and warm and if you come one time, you're just going to want to come back again and again and then I will have to wait even longer to eat my delicious chocolate croissant or my squash omelet.
Or at least have the decency to wait until I'm out of town.

See below from Martha ...
Please make my life easier - go somewhere else.

AMAZING breakfast on weekends only.
Expect to share a table though!

This place is absolutely worth the cramped dining space, the lines, the (often) long wait, and odd hours.
Why?
The workers are super friendly, the coffee is hot, the pastries are delicious, the prices are fair, and every single time I have been here my food has been amazing.

Yumm.
Had the squash omelette.
So good.
Very tiny place and they only take cash or checks.
Service was fast and friendly.
Can't wait to come back.

I not only ate a chocolate croissant while sitting there but exported several to share with my sister-in-law and brother in Milwaukee and I froze one to eat on New Year's Day when I returned to NYC.
What can I say?
It pays to start the year out on the right foot!
What wonderful food, comfortable vibe (though very small) and beautiful people.
Sophia's!

My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place last weekend and I am already excited about going back.
This cafe was awesome!
The space is very tiny with lots of mismatched chairs and tables, plates and coffee cups.
The kitchen is small as well, and was stacked with trays of freshly baked croissants and pastries which looked delicious.
Be prepared to bus your own table!
Coffee is self-serve, and the space is so small that you may have to share a table or wait awhile for your own table, but it's completely worth it.
The whole menu looked absolutely delicious, and our breakfasts were great.
The croissants are amazing, as are the potatoes.
Not a great place for groups, as the space is so small, and it's only open on Saturday and Sunday from 8-2.
The prices are very reasonable for the quality and quantity of the meals.
I would highly recommend this cafe for a weekend breakfast/brunch!
It's a great place to come and have a delicious home-cooked breakfast.

cute tiny place.
delicious breakfast.

This is my favorite place for breakfast, especially because it is so close to my house.
You will have to wait in line and share a table after about 8:30, but the homeyness and yummy food/coffee make it an experience

I lived a block away for 4 years and visited the place twice I believe, once for take out and the other intending to eat there, which is saying something as I like to frequent my neighborhood places.
Food is decent, had a nice waffle.
But Madison has a lot of excellent breakfast/brunch places (Lazy Janes, Manna are within biking distance and come immediately to mind) that might be a slight headache to get a table at but are nowhere near as much trouble as Sophias.
My wife and 'Is verdict were the same, fine food but so very not worth the hassle.

Delicious, and lively.
The only way you can complain about this is you are a stickler about personal space.
We had to share a table but the couple was very nice!
BEST WAFFLES!

The smallest and most amazing breakfast place in town!
My absolute favorite in Madison.
Warning - you may have to share the table with strangers, since there are only 4 tables there - but that is part of the charm here!
If you love hole-in-the-wall places that serve up other-worldly food (and I do :-)), this is the place for you!
Made fresh to order with organic ingredients.
Try their omelet specials, and save room for their pastries!
Yummy!
Go in the summer -you can sit in one of their tiny sidewalk tables and take in the sun while enjoying their amazing meal.

I'm writing this 5-star review mainly because the current 4.5-star average doesn't do this place justice!
There are already enough other reviews to convince you that Sophia's has DELICIOUS food - both the bakery items and the prepared entrees.
Yes, it's only open weekends, and yes, the place is tiny and you very well may have to share your table with a stranger.
But that's all part of the charm!

Best breakfast spot in Wisconsin!

I love coming here for brunch on the weekends.
The breakfast tacos are great.
The baked goods are great.
The only thing to warn people about it how seating and paying works.
I joke that getting a table can be a contact sport but everyone is willing ot share a table and it all works out.
I've walked out of there and got a block away and realized I hadn't payed but they were sweet about it.

I almost don't want to write a review for Sophia's because I'm afraid it will evolve past its awesome current neighborhood hole in the wall.
But I can't help it - it's too good to be kept a secret.
The pastries are amazing, the pies even better (if you call ahead, they'll set aside a few of their individual-sized pie/tarts for you).
Strawberry-rhubarb are ridiculously good, as are peach-blackberry and probably just about everything else.
Breakfast/brunch foods are also great, just the right mix between super-fresh ingredients and a little grease for your Sunday morning.
The omelettes and savory crepes are especially great, although every once in awhile I'm partial to the Belgian waffle with fresh fruit.
Sophia's is only open Saturdays and Sundays since they spend the rest of their time supplying other Madison eateries with their goodies, so to get the real deal right out of their ovens, hit it on a weekend - the earlier the better since they do get busy!

Sophia's has by far the city's best brunch.
It manages to have a dedicated following, despite only being open on Saturdays and Sundays and being the size of a walk-in closet.
Caveat: if you hate small spaces and hate having to share tables with others, and if you hate having to fight for seating, do not eat here!
In my experience, the people who have negative feelings about this restaurant always have them because of the space, not the food.
The restaurant is also sweltering in summer.
My favorite thing to order at Sophia's, actually the only thing I tend to order because i'm addicted to it, is the egg and cheese croissant.
It is delicious.
You can get it with bacon.
It comes with a plentiful serving of fruit (and the earlier you get to Sophia's, the better the fruit is, as they tend to run out of the good stuff).
The omelets also tend to be delicious.
The baked goods are stellar.
If I were going to deduct stars for this place, it would be for a couple of things:  -The ordering policy is really stupid considering what rigmarole there is to get seating in this small, crowded restaurant.
You stand in line to order, then fight for seating, and then in order to pay, you have to go up to the counter again.
Tip: do not wait in line again!
Stand to the left, and the counter person will take your money.
-The second thing is more particular.
I had always thought Sophia was committed to local/sustainable foods.
I recently asked where the bacon comes from, and it is factory farm meat.
I now question the origin of the eggs as well, though Sophia's is one of the few restaurants in town that uses real eggs in all of the dishes, and not Sysco egg product.

OVERRATED.
I made my way over here on a Sunday afternoon to see what this buzz was all about.
And really, there was no way Sophia's could have ever lived up to the hype.
The way people were talking about it, I expected to fall out of my chair in some kind of taste-induced seizure.
What I got was a pretty standard brunch, in a pretty uncomfortable chair positioned awkwardly on the curb, 5 feet from trucks and mopeds hurling by and drowning out my conversation.
I do remember the croissant & cheese being excellent, but I can hardly even recall what else I ate - never a good sign.
The black bean tacos were good in the sense that they were authentic, but they were seriously lacking something to give it a little more flavor.
Juice was not really that outstanding.
Potatoes were just...potatoes.
Nothing about them that made them special.
All in all, I had a pretty decent meal for an an acceptable price.
I just fail to see why I should pick it over Marigold or Sunroom or any other place that has a respectable dining room.
You don't exactly look like you're lacking in a fan base right now, so why is it that you can't put a little more money into this place?
Sophia's is every wannabe hipster's wet dream, and East Johnson isn't exactly the most diverse neighborhood in Madison.
As for me, I don't much enjoy eating in an establishment whose every aspect of outward appearance and service indicates that it thinks it's better than me.
I'm much reminded of The Oatmeal's "how to make a restaurant insanely popular in a big city.
" And based off of the Sophia's model, I've decided to put a little guide together that works specifically for Madison.
See you on the cover of Forbes.
Only accept cash.
If your customer asks whether you accept credit, look at them as if they just asked you for a milkshake made of liquefied puppies.
Pick a ridiculously small venue that could not possibly accommodate the amount of customers you have.
Make them wait in a line out the door to get their food, and have them fight over and share what little table space there is.
This will give everyone the impression that they need you, not that you need them.
Keep your restaurant open for 10 hours a week, it maximizes the lines.
Open and shut your doors so quickly that you'll be the envy of every bank and post office in town.
Air conditioning in 100-degree weather is for pussies who think a restaurant owes them something.
Your customers are only giving you their money, not their first-born children.
45-60 minutes is not an unreasonable amount of time for them to wait for your food.
Delicious food takes time.
So what if every upscale five-star restaurant in town can get a full meal on the table in the duration of twenty minutes?
If there are 4 customers in the front waiting to place their orders, and an interesting conversation going on in the back, remember where your priorities lie.
That cheese plate appetizer that's been sitting there for the last 25 minutes will still be a cheese plate if you bring it out with the main course.
So if you like your breakfast as pretentious as you like your music, your clothes, and your one-gear bicycle, you're going to fucking love Sophia's.

This is a fantastic neighborhood spot, and I'm glad to live near it.
Until this morning, every time I'd walked past Sophia's it had been closed.
A friend and I went to get some late breakfast ("brunch"), and it was definitely worth waiting in line.
I got cheese blintzes, which were nice because it isn't something I see on a lot of menus.
They were pretty great, and came with a little jelly on them (I'd guess apricot).
My friend got the "special waffle," and I guess it was actually pretty special, since he finished it pretty quickly.
The most unusual thing about eating here was how you have to go back up to the counter to pay after you're done, which might be a good business strategy, since we both ended up buying baked goods to bring home.

Absolutely the best brunch/breakfast that I have had in Madison.
The baked goods are to die for, and the eggs are very simply cooked the way that eggs should be cooked.
Homemade blintzes.
Yes, the place, itself is way too small, and it WILL be difficult to find a place to sit.
(You'll most likely wind up eating sitting on the curb outside.
) Still, do yourself a favor, if you are looking for breakfast on a weekend in Madison, get off the beaten path, a couple of miles from the Capital, and find this tiny little place.
It is wonderful.

The cheese blintzes are to die for.
I also got to try the Egg and cheese croissant, which was buttery and light.
Yum!
Cash only and very crowded though so be forewarned.

This is my single favourite Brunch place in Madison.
Almost everything is local, organic, and home made.
The menu is small, but every thing on it is incredibly delicious.
Its small atmosphere makes it very intimate, don't be scare to cozy down and sit at a table with other people!
The service is kind and courteous, and Sophia herself is a delight.
The pastries are her specialty, and her croissants are world class.
And that means a lot coming from a French guy.

Cozy atmosphere.
Good food.

I'm tempted to give this place one star and tell you it sucks just to keep all the amazingness that is Sophia's to myself.
The only thing I am ever annoyed about is the service.
I don't know why they don't give you the juice and pastry when you order it at the counter.
Last time I was there the counter person/server forgot our pastry order until we already had our egg-dish.
Kind of a lame complaint I know, but it's details like this that get me.
I want my croissant while I wait for my omelet.
I don't want to wait 5-minutes to get my OJ.
You could have handed it to me when I order.
I don't understand how Sophia's hasn't thought of this...but still 5-stars for the amazing food, organic eggs and coffee, and the pastries.

I'd heard they have one if the best breakfasts in Madison, and I have to agree.
It's an adventure too.
The space is tiny, the tables are cramped, and you get to share a table with strangers.
That's part of what makes it great.
I loved the atmosphere.
The food was fresh, hot and delicious.

So good!
I'd give Sophie's 5 stars except it's only open on weekends, is uncomfortably small & they only take cash.
Their bake goods are amazing!

You know a place is good when it's at capacity and a there is a line.
Although seeing as Sophia's only has 3 tables, it's not hard to reach capacity.
There was a steady stream of customers the whole time my boyfriend and I were there.
The menu is short and simple.
There are omelets, pancakes, bean tacos, and you can order a la carte and get eggs, bacon, sausage, and they also have pastries.
We ordered the sausage and red pepper omelet, as well as a savory mushroom pastry.
The pastry was mind-blowingly delicious!
The filling was a pate-like mushroom paste, which doesn't sound that great but tasted like heaven.
The omelet took a while to make because there were so many orders, but when we dug into it we felt the wait was justified.
The omelet was fluffy and cheesy and every bite was full of flavor.
The lack of tables means you will probably have to share with strangers, but everyone was super friendly and somehow it all worked out.
If you order something that isn't a pastry, you pay for it after you eat.
I'd love to come back and try one of their croissants, or perhaps some pancakes.

The place was a second resort.
The first stop was at Mickey's.
And lets say it was extremely packed!
So we headed over to Sophia's.
After hearing so much about it, we had to stop by and give it a try.
The atmosphere, as I feel was cramped.
There's not much dining area without sharing a table with a stranger.
Anyhow we ordered: Special waffles, Chorizo omelette and may I say that the omelette was excellent!
It had a kick to it with all the spices within it.
The waffles, it was crispy.
Maybe the batter could of been a little sweeter, the strawberries really compliment the waffles.
I would diffenitely come back, this place rocks!
And not to mention bring with you some loot as this place do not accept credit cards!

It's very small and crowded but there food is amazing and the staff is super friendly!

Amazing omelet!

This place is overrated.
I have been here several times, hoping to get the type of food everyone is raving about.
The omelets were okay, the pancakes were okay, the bean tacos were fine.
I really do like their morning bun topped with lemon curd though.
Maybe I am missing something.
Otherwise, I think the food at other breakfast places are comparable and you don't have to deal with the cramped eating space.

This place is amazing.
Wish it was open more days out of the week.
Try the cottage cheese pancakes and the omelets.
The cottage cheese is mixed into the batter and topped with boysenberries.

Amazing breakfast!
Line out the door and many happy people

Disappointed.
Probably a comfort food place reminding of your mom's omelet?
Sadly, it didn't appeal to me.
But I wouldn't say it's bad.
Just an okay place.
Truly believe this place is overrated.

I've never seen a place so small in my life.
It is beyond quaint and just plain ridiculous.
When you walk in they just look at you dumbfounded.
A "restaurant" that is actually not even that busy but so small that they can't even get to you is a major problem.
And what are they doing serving such large parties.
One table took up 1/3 of the whole place.
It was nothing but mass disorganization.
I'd love to comment on the food, but I can't even imagine how people get to it.

I went here a few years back while on a business trip.
I loved this little place.
The food was fantastic and the crowd was awesome.
Places like this is the reason that I have debated on moving to Madison.
I can't really remember what I had exactly but I was mismerised with waffles and crepes.

The game plan for this place is usually to party all night and get here after storming the Farmer's market while it's still being set up.
Then eat a ton and go home and have a nap.
You know how you hate that most food that you get when you eat out is the carbs and not the fruits/veggies/meat?
Not here.
And that is why it's awesome.
THIS IS HOW WE DO IT.

Sigh.
I really, really want to call Sophia's a hidden gem...but that would just be a terrible, terrible lie.
The restaurant has enough space for 10 people...if you're lucky.
Get there early and be prepared for a looooooong wait.
It's always crowded, but that's not the metric, is it?
No--the metric is the food.
This is the best brunch in Madison, bar none.
Keep Marigold Kitchen, Mickey's, any place on the square--Sophia's blows them all away.
From the black bean tacos, to the waffles with fresh peaches and homemade whipped cream, to the amazing, amazing omelets--you really can't beat Sophia's.
Get there early.
Be prepared to wait.
Then, have the best brunch in all of Madtown.

Holy smokes, I've never been to a more over-rated restaurant!
I went with one other person on a Sunday at about 1 pm.
The place wasn't remotely crowded, so I'm not just annoyed that I had to stand in line or share a table or something.
Menu: I guess from the reviews and the ambiance I expected this place to have food that was fresh or seasonal or something?
Nope.
It was November and the omelets featured asparagus and tomatoes.
Ew.
Service: Non-existant.
It was actually kind of funny how whenever someone walked up to the counter to order, the woman looked totally surprised to be interacting with a customer and had to look around for a piece of paper to write on.
There were 8 customers and 4 employees while we were there.
You'd think with a ratio like that, you'd see something get accomplished.
Wrong.
Here are some things I watched the cook do while we waited and waited and waited for our food: look around for a plate like she'd never been in this kitchen before, make breakfast for 2 other employees, send a text message, use the bathroom.
Look, I slack off on my job sometimes too, but if you're going to have an open kitchen, you need to make an effort to look busy, or else the customers feel like they've been waiting even longer than they actually have.
Food: Barely mediocre.
Both of our meals were lukewarm and seemed like they'd been sitting around a while.
Potatoes were well below greasy-spoon average and completely unseasoned.
The blueberry pancakes were undercooked to the point of being gross.
We only didn't send them back because it had taken 20 minutes to get them in the first place.
Never again, Sophia's.
The rest of you people can enjoy standing in line for bad food.
I'll be at 4&20 or Madison Sourdough.

Transcendent.
Maybe the best breakfast in Madison.
CONS: absolutely packed all the time.
You'll share one of the three tables with two or three other parties on a first-come first-seated basis after you wait in line to place your order.
PROS: everything else.
Awesome coffee, friendly staff, and breakfast foods so good you won't believe it.
The croissant french toast is brilliant.
Last time I went I had a waffle with spiced pears -- indescribably tasty.

Wonderful food, love the atmosphere of sitting and dining with neighbors and meeting new people.

I like the bean tacos, coffee and baked goods.
I do not like eating here.
Gotta take it to go, or be forced to listen to everyone's conversations and smell their body smells.

Food is good, but not good enough to overlook such a tiny space.
It is cramped.
The food is also a little too expensive for what you get.
So, if you are willing to share a table and apologize for your elbows, then it might be worth it.

Good food but, as always, very crowded.
I wish they'd open for bakery service during the week and use the profits to expand the seating area.

This place is such a unique treasure.
I do not get to come here very often due to working on weekends most of the time.
In fact I am owner of a competitor of this place, but I would eat here at least once a month otherwise.
I have never had the same thing twice in all the times that I have been here.
I always get the specials and maybe a pastry.
Ingredients and flavor combinations are top notch.
Doing the quality of work that they do in such a small kitchen is quite an accomplishment.

The place sits around 15 people, and it has a cozy feel.
It's cash only and since we only brought $10 we ordered a slice of the blueberry coffee cake and two cups of coffee.
The coffee was good and the coffee cake was perfection - a layer of berries, a creamy center, and a fluffy crust.

Insider tip (just learned this one this week): You can ask them to do up a half and half omelet if the choices on the wall look too darn tempting.
So there's typically three and if you can ditch one you're left with a delicious blend of the remaining two choices.
Don't use my name though lol, a friend that frequents the pace told me this but it's worth asking about... right?
Also worth noting, their pastry is off the hook good!
Seriously, everything I've tried.
The raspberry cornmeal muffin, the cinnamon roll, the ooey gooey orange roll... it all rocks.
Don't plan to go in a big group unless you're ok splitting up.
Some of my favorite encounters there have been posting up at a random table and making new friends.
Now, how about opening up during the week guys!

It had been years since I had dined at Sophia's.
No good reason.
We arrived around 9 and there were quite a few seats available.
We shared a portobella, Gorgonzola omelet and grilled potatoes as well as a generous slice of a cherry sour cream cake.
I had coffee and my partner had tea.
Everything was absolutely delicious.
The omelet was light and fluffy with a creamy fillings.
the potatoes were charred just as I like them.
The cake was moist  and not overly sweet.
All and all a perfect meal.
Towards the end of our stay we were joined by a lovely couple which only served to enhance the experience.
I plan to return to Sophia's again soon.

Oh Sophia's... my only regret is not having discovered you earlier.
I woke up early (10:30ish) on a Saturday morning just to try your coveted brunch, and boy am I glad I did.
We got here at roughly 11 and were immediately treated to a battle of aromas.
Savory scents blended with sweet fragrances, and made our decisions that much harder.
After internally debating with myself for a while, which was convenient, because you will most likely encounter a line and it will most likely be long; I was able to settle on a choice when it came to my turn to order.
I ordered their Croissant French Toast with raspberry sauce, which was absolutely beautiful.
I didn't even need to instagram it!
That's how delicious it looked.
The French toast was cut up into bite sized pieces, with pureed raspberry sauce drizzled over the top, all sprinkled with powdered sugar.
My fork cut through the warm toast like butter, and the soft pieces of dough practically melted in my mouth.
I loved the soft consistency, because it soaked up the sauce so much easier.
The raspberry sauce itself wasn't too sweet, which is definitely a plus, as the powdered sugar will more than satisfy your sweet tooth.
If that's not enough, you could always ask for freshly made syrup :)   Oh, and all of this came out to like $8.
I'm kind of disappointed that I will have to start waking up earlier on weekends now, but at least I won't be going hungry!

OK, it's nice for a room to be about 90 degrees if you're doing yoga.
Not when you're trying to eat breakfast while crammed into a corner with a bunch of really pretentious hipsters breathing down your neck.
LITERALLY breathing on your neck.
That's how small this place is.
I won't complain about the quality of the food but they did forget to bring me what I ordered.
Anyway, if you don't like hipsters, and you are in NO WAY claustrophobic (which I am not but in here I felt like I could be), try it out.

We stopped in here for a Saturday morning breakfast, and arrived just in time to beat the rush!
I had the breakfast croissant, which was basically an omelet on a croissant, and it was delicious.
My partner had a scrumptious veggie omelet, and we split a cinnamon roll the side of our baby's head.
All delicious!
Very little seating, but we were able to share a table with another group, family style, and ate and people-watched in the cozy environment.

I think this place thinks it is cooler than it is, which is why they give you snark at the counter, don't take card, don't have coffee refills, make you bus your own table, and don't take out dill from the omelets.
(Tangent: who the fucks like dill?
Really?
It's so, so awful why would you ruin what looked like a perfect mushroom/asparagus omelet with dill?
) I realize the restaurant is small, but only having a premade omelet mix?
Really?
Pastries were good, but not heavenly.
Is it really that hard to do a great croissant?
To improve:  1.
Be nicer to customers.
Allow substitutions on omelets.
Take card, I'm sorry it's 2013 time to ditch cash only everyone knows it's just to under declare your income anyway.
Bus tables.
You are a restaurant, not a coffee shop.

THE BEST.
I'm sooooooooo glad we came here the other day.
It's the type of place that you'll drive right past and have to circle back around because you missed it as it is pretty inconspicuously-situated and the store front is rather hidden.
And though it is quite a tiny shop, the place is super homey.
There are only 5 tables if I recall correctly: 7 people can squeeze in to sit at 2 of them and the rest seat 4ish, plus there's a small counter/ledge with a few stools.
But don't fret - our party of five had no trouble finding a spot together.
So the menu is up on the wall as you come in and you order at the counter, then wait for enough seats to clear up (you sit wherever/with random strangers).
Once you have a seat, the kitchen will start cooking up your food that you ordered.
Don't be scared away by the strange arrangement, the sitting with others is what makes the experience here.
And maybe it's just me being weird, but there's something about this place that is so charming that nice, friendly, and down-to-earth people gravitate to Sophia's :)  Anyways, the coffee is serve yourself: there's a cute little station with a bunch of random coffee cups and you choose your cup and make your own coffee.
Now for the food...everything was wonderfully delicious.
First off the pancakes were incredible.
The breakfast potatoes of baby reds + some sweet potatoes were ever so scrumptious and had such a great taste to them.
The eggs and omelets that we ordered were perfectly prepared.
And the BACON was awesome!
They give you so much as in like 4 pieces/order.
Not only that, but these were some pretty big pieces of meat that had a nice peppery + mapley taste to them with just the right amount of sweet.
Can't wait till next time.

Okay, I'm probably going to get some flak for this one, but really..what's all the hype about?
My gripe wasn't with the cash-only policy, the hours, or the need to share tables with complete strangers.
Plain and simple, the food just didn't have that 'wow' factor I was expecting.
My friend and I split a half-n-half omelette: half caramelized onion/mushrooms & half sausage/poblano, and it was...fine.
I thought the home fries with sweet potatoes were a nice touch, but that was it.
I've been told that Sophia's is known more for their sweet pastries than their savory dishes, but brunch food is brunch food, and I was not impressed.
All in all, it just wasn't a very comfortable dining experience.
IMO, Sunday brunch is supposed to be a pleasant, gentle awakening from the weekend hiatus.
Instead, I felt like my whole brunch experience was overshadowed by the extremely cramped, dirty, and stuffy dining area.
No thank you, Sophia's.
I'd rather be across the street at JPH.

Overpaid for juice expecting something good and fresh, she literally pulled out a ocean spray bottle from the fridge right in front of me and poured it into the glass.
I thought I was on candid camera.
next time I'll save the cash and just go to copps for my "fresh" juice.

I've been here twice.
I definitely prefer to take the food to go, especially since I was staying just a quick walk away from this place.
The place is small and usually packed, and the tables are more like small dining room tables than restaurant tables.
If you like meeting new people, it can be a nice experience to sit down to eat with people you don't know.
I liked the food, especially sweet dishes like blintzes.

We'll def.
be back for their chocolate croissant!
Since the first time I had them two weeks ago, I've been haunted to have it again!
What's holding me is only my prelims!!!
Once I'm done with this deadly exam, I will give my self a treat and a delicious chocolate croissant will not be too  much to ask.
Hubby loved his omelet and I also loved my pecan belgian waffle.
Glad we finally tried this place so we know where to go to find some weekend treat!

Finally experienced my first meal at Sophia's, and I have to say it was quite, quite awesome.
I've driven past the place 50+ times without ever knowing it was there; it's really that small.
I browsed the menu for about 30 seconds before deciding to order the croissant french toast with raspberry sauce.
I was there with our very own Corey D (he's helping me with a project) who decided to go with the special waffle (peaches and blueberries).
For those not familiar with Sophia's... a couple of heads-ups:  - Cash/check only, and you pay after you finish your meal by returning to the main counter and telling them your name  - Communal/Family/European-style seating - you'll be sharing one of three tables with several other strangers/fellow diners  - Bus your own table when finished  - Arrive early if possible; by 10:15am, the place was slammed and had a line  We scored a couple of seats at the table in the back.
We shared our table with an older woman who drives 40-miles for breakfast here every Sunday.
She was an absolute darling lady; we talked with her about home projects and all sorts of other things - she was such a fun person to chat with.
She even shared her artichoke/tomato/feta omelet with me, and I have to admit I liked the omelet better than my plate... next time, I know what I'll be ordering  Our plates arrived; they were as gorgeous as they were delicious.
The croissant french toast was superb - a perfect mix of dense and fluffy; the fresh raspberry sauce was thick and fresh.
No butter with it, but it didn't need it, as it was plenty moist and tasty without it.
Corey let me sample a square of his waffle and even handed over one of the fresh peaches and a blueberry.
I couldn't agree more with his assessment of the dish - simplicity rules.
Indeed it does, especially when the ingredients are as fresh as they were.
We chatted some more with Shirley (the lady at our table) before deciding to head out.
I almost walked out without paying; there was a huge line to get in, and I was focused on getting out without running into folks... whoops!
The meal was more than reasonable.
So - definitely check this place out, and if you're a fan of pastries, scones, or cinnamon rolls, save room because they all looked incredible.
I would've grabbed one to enjoy later at home, but I was stuffed.

Just had the most disappointing breakfast ever at this place.
I knew I shouldn't have bought into the Madison hype.
This city doesn't know good food at all and Sophia's just proves it.
Before I get to the food, let me describe what you are getting into.
It's in an annoying location on Johnson with no convenient parking.
But fine, a little walk won't kill us.
Then you get there and it's a tiny place with mismatched tables and chairs crammed together.
It's loud and uncomfortable as you jockey for a seat with other patrons and maneuver around them to serve yourself some water or clear your own table.
I wouldn't be surprised if the place should be shut down by the fire marshal.
Oh and they only accept cash which is an increasingly obnoxious practice in a mostly cashless society.
Now onto the food.
In one word: abysmal.
The couldn't cook a pancake or a waffle to save their life.
Eggy and probably made with batter that was overwhipped.
We can whip up better waffles at home with ease and Bisquick has churned out better pancakes.
The waffles had pear ginger fruit on top, but neither of us like the flavor and they decided to drown it in a huge amount of whip cream.
I guess that was an attempt to hide the mediocrity of the food under it.
The pancakes had decent cinammon apples on top, but the apples in the pancakes were bland and neither of us could detect the cider reduction that supposedly accompanied it.
I think the worst condemnation of it was that both of us left hungry because we left at least half of our breakfasts on the plate.
Yes, it was that bad.
Also you can shove your tip jar up your ass.
The gall of asking for tips when I have to fight for a table, get my own drinks and clean up my own food?

Since I live about 4 blocks away, I've stopped by Sophia's on many a weekend morning to grab a croissant, sticky bun, slice of cake, etc.
to go.
Their pastries are fantastic.
Their croissants are flaky, buttery, savory...in short, proper.
I had never had an actual sit-down experience until last weekend, because, frankly, I had been intimidated.
It's such a tiny space, and it's always been jam-packed, with people waiting outside to have a spot to sit and eat.
I've seen people in warmer months sitting outside on chairs with plates on their laps for lack of tables.
My boyfriend and I got lucky last Saturday and beat the rush.
There were actually TWO free tables when we decided to actually sit down for breakfast.
Some highlights:  -AMAZING coffee.
And it's a refill-yourself kind of system, which I love.
-Croissant sandwich with ham, cheddar, and fig compote was to die for.
Sweet, savory, salty...YUM.
-Omelette with chorizo and mushrooms was super savory and rich.
Delish.

hole in the wall hipster breakfast place.
none of the plates or mugs matched, which gave a homey feeling to it.
the menu was pretty small, so there weren't too many options, but the two omlettes we tried were delicious.
the sausage in one of the omelettes were surprisingly real pieces of cut sausage links (yum) and not the kind of sausage you would get on a sausage pizza.
the place was a little too small for my liking though.
i would come back if they had enough tables to have your own table and not have to share tables and be uncomfortably close to the people next to you.
so, 4 stars for just the food itself.

The chocolate crossaints are made differently here.
More chocolate and less fluffy, but still very yummy.
Come in early by 9:30  to beat the crowd.
By 10 the place is usually pack and there will be a wait.
I like the breakfast selection.
This joint has a cafe next door feel to it.

Best waffle in town and lovely employees.

Nice variety of dishes-new & different things in addition to breakfast standards.
Went for Sunday brunch & space is very tight which took away some from the atmosphere when you're getting bumped repeatedly.
Be open to sharing a table with other guests, too--which is fine with me generally.
(Ok the loud young women detailing their relationship statuses got old--much more peaceful when they left!).
Would definitely eat there again though!

The best brunch in Madison!
The hours can be a bit weird, but (if they are open) the food is always delicious!

totally love that you feel like you're in a friend's living room (read: SMALL, cozy space).
the open kitchen adds to the vibe.
a gem.

If I thought they would let me set up permanent residence here, I wouldn't think twice about dropping my mattress and rolling out my comforter.
At Sophia's, they put the word "cozy" to shame.
It's more how I imagine being in a cocoon would be like, except everything smells like fried potatoes, fresh coffee and love.

Finally, i made my way into this top selection on Yelp Madison's homepage.
Delightful, cozy spot for comfort food.
I can't say that it is my favorite brunch place in town, but the great vibe of communal tables, pastries, homely decorations and comfort food will definitely bring me back another day.
It is a small place, probably fits only 15 people at a time; there's not much place to even stand and wait, but luckily, customers are all aware of Sophia's popularity and get out as soon as they get done.
So yes, big groups of old time friends, bring your conversations to nearby cafes like Johnson Public House or elsewhere.
Pay in cash or check, and pay when you're done.
I was really puzzled why the receptionist left after I gave my order.
Why didn't she want my $$?!
Indeed, as predicted by Yelp reviews, croissants are a great get at Sophia's.
However, despite the great buttery flavor, they are not as crispy as I would like.
I would say no on the croissant french toast, as much as it sounds awesome.
The soft croissant texture just makes the french toast too soggy.
The cherry sauce was really good though!
I also got the ham and cheese croissant, with the fig sauce on the side.
I wasn't keen on the fig sauce.
It was good, but too sweet for my savory taste buds.
Again, I wished the croissant might be toasted or pan fried, cos it was kinda soft.
But the generous serving of melted cheese and delicious ham slices were enough to make up for the not as favorite croissants.
Potatoes were alright, i wish they were more flavorful.
The apple slices or fruit bowl makes me feel extra healthy!
I will be back, to try the chocolate croissants or other pastries.
THEY ARE GIGANTIC and look like they can feed 2 or more.
And the chocolate croissant looks more crispy.
And maybe omelette or pancake next time.
Sophia's bakery makes you feel like you are coming home or at a bed and breakfast - relaxing and pleasant.

Sooooooo good.
Tiny place with community tables.
Cottage cheese pancakes with raspberry sauce were a real treat.
Everything on the board looked good, so I'm definitely planning on coming back.
Quick & efficient & friendly service even at a busy time.

Follow-up visit still warrants 4-stars, but just barely.
Here's why:  - Dark French Roast coffee, while from Colectivo, tastes like burned road tar.
Holy cats was it dark...and this is coming from a dude who likes dark coffee.
I had to switch to the much more palatable decaf (oh the humanity)  - We arrived around 12:30pm, placed our orders, and took a table.
After 20 minutes or so, we were informed that the kitchen had run out of potatoes.
No biggie - they offered to substitute fruit or a croissant.
Neither sounded all that great, but I went with the croissant.
Just before we got ready to leave, we saw several plates leave the kitchen... with potatoes on the side.
Not quite sure how that happened.
+ Side of bacon is only $3.50, and includes 4 generous slices.
We'll know to split an order next time (although it is *quite* delicious, so maybe I'll be a glutton)  + Ordered an omelet with Cajun sausage, caramelized onion, mushrooms, and fresh asparagus - it was *perfect*.
Their omelets are served "folded" - the ingredients lie nicely in the middle of the omelet.
The eggs were fluffy and not overcooked.
Superbly executed.

The cutest brunch place in all the world.
I only wish it were open more than saturday and sunday  WHY SO MANY STARS:  1.
The cafe is in the downstairs of a house and it feels like you are in your grandmother's kitchen.
You can see them make all the food.
The coffee is delicious and plentiful.
You grab a mug (all different varieties, non-matching, so charming) and fill your own.
The seating forces you to share tables with strangers giving it a communal atmosphere  3.
THE COFFEE CAKE!
I've never had such a simultaneously creamy, fruity, tangy, crumbly coffee cake.
INCREDIBLE.
The omelets are so delicate and rich.
Ever-changing ingredients--fresh mushrooms, fancy cheese, arugula, chorizo.
mesmerizing.
It's off the beaten path a  bit so you get a different crowd/feel than a lot of places in madison.
They are expensive but well worth it for a weekend splurge

New to Madison and went to trusty yelp for a great Sunday breakfast spot.
I am unsure how this place is so well rated, and hasn't been shut down by a health inspector!!
The food was average at best, had an omelette and pancakes and neither were good enough to make up for the horrible environment.
Trying to create a shabby-chic and quaint space is fine, but that doesn't mean that you can slack on cleanliness.
Everything was sticky, the spoons above where you order are coated in thick dust, and there were gnats swarming everywhere.
Overall, it was an experience that I will not be having again!

