Watch out for the junior high and early high school kids at this location.... it's right by the movie theater, which means they all hang out here before and after the movie.
The coffee isn't especially bad...but it's not especially good either.
Fine if you're in the area.
If not, it's not worth a special stop.

I'd have to agree with Jane... but if you are going to the movies at the cineplex it's not a bad stop for a cup of coffee... but not worth going out of your way to grab a cup, far better places to go around town...

This place is full of interesting people that is for sure.
Often a cop hangout when I have been there.
It is also full of teens on the weekends or poetry slam folks on certain nights.
The coffee is average.
Good but not amazing.
The staff from what I recall has been really nice every time I was there.
A better hang out than a Starbucks, but I would avoid it on the weekends when it will be packed with a movie crowd.

Wow -- finally, I've found a coffee shop in Scottsdale with more than 4 tables.
Seriously.I haven't been able to find anyplace within a half-hour of my apartment that has:  1.
Enough tables 2.
Decent-ish coffee 3.
An absence of blasting rock music  And now I found this place.
Even better?
Free Internet access.
Why don't more place in this town have it?
So, yeah, I know CP is a chain.
I know the coffee isn't fabulous.
I know it's in a strip mall.
Sure, compared to coffeehouses in college towns, it would suck.
But, for Scottsdale, it wasn't bad!
And the cappuccinos were pretty good.
Also, I know other posters have complained about a loud, high-school crowd here.
But, at least on a Sunday, I didn't experience that.

I always feel a little weird entering an establisment with the word "Plantation" in the name but Dave said the coffee here is bigger and cheaper than most coffee spots so in I went.
I'm sipping on the iced Americano I got from the joint right now.
Decent.
It's allllll good.

Every so often there's a place that I'll visit and not return to for years.
It's a weird occurrence where you don't realize at the time but the place you're in somehow becomes a regular stomping ground.
For the past several months I attend a writers meeting and our fluctuating group of three to eight or nine are well received and accommodated.
The servers chat with us and if they aren't assisting a customer they're cleaning, refilling the complimentary water (+1 in my book) or doing something productive, rarely have I seen them just stand around.
The Coffee Plantation is located at the end of the strip attached to the Gelato Spot and a Pita Jungle.
In the past few years a lot of the shops' patrons were people from Gelato Spot needing a place to sit.
Now the Coffee Plantations seats (inside and out) are filled with young adults sipping iced coffees, munching on croissants or sipping lazily on a whipped cream concoction.
Like my group a lot of customers are there in groups doing homework, attending a study class, hanging out with friends or conducting business.
Over half will have their laptops and are hooked into the free wifi.
I would choose this place hands down over Starbucks... their coffee has a lighter flavor and slightly sweeter, their tea is always yummy, pricing is more reasonable & their baristas seem more genuine (sorry Starbucks but your people seemed to be trained to be a little too peppy.
I just want my tea, not some tea and a shot of guarana).
A coffee joint wouldn't be my first choice of a hang out, but for meetups and meetings this place is great.

Coffee is pretty good   Service is (from what I am being told) normal for AZ   But.... and that is a big butt.... the big brown chair just inside the door?
OMG!
THAT S.O.B should be a national treasure.
I could eat, sleep, read, and poop my life away in that amazing warm hug of furniture.
If that chair every goes away, I will never go back.

Been coming here for-e-ver!
Staff has changed over the years, baked goods have switched out good and not as good, but with the recent remodel and the lastest baked good selection, I think they have it down.
We're regulars on our 25 mile bike ride here, so they know our needs and sometimes even have them ready before we sit down, so check it out, you will LOVE their coffee drinks.
Sometimes it gets a bit noisy inside but now that the weather is cooling off, the outside patio is really nice to hang out at.
Only recommendation for them is get new inside chairs!
The rattan ones have seen better days!
;) LOL!

Cleanliness is not on their radar.
Outside patio was filthy, server kept running his hand thru his hair.

Really nice workers.
Sandwhiches and smoothies are fantastic.
Coffee is pretty good.
Very comfortable and relaxing enviroment.

Free Wi-Fi Internet access all day long.
I'm currently "working independently".
I've opted to hang out here rather than drive down to GangPlank (see gangplankhq dot com) to get work done, as it's not just closer to me here in N. Scottsdale but it's also kept clean and has a nice supply of incredibly delicious food and beverages.
The salads are delicious and healthy--I like to pair up 1/2 Chicken Waldo sandwich with 1/2 spinach salad for the best lunch I could ask for.
Oh, and the breakfast wraps .. *slobber* ..
The coffee is great, too, but try the Chocolate Obsession or one of the other fine treats and you might be hooked just for the beverages.
As for the dining area .. it's not just a dining area, it's a massive living room where you can watch TV, sit on a sofa, play chess with the chess meetup, conduct a professional meeting, or just chill out on one of the little tables with your laptop.
There's a power outlet near every table!!
What more can you ask for?

I grew up in a small college town that didn't have a Starbucks until 2 years ago.
I am pretty picky about my coffeeshops and have had trouble finding ones that fit my liking in the cities I've lived in over the past 8 years since leaving home.
But when I discovered the Coffee Plantation after moving to Scottsdale a few months ago I was instantly in love!
The vibe here is friendly and open and familiar--the owner and the staff seem to know everyone who walks in the door.
The bakery products are always fresh and delicious and a little funky, sandwiches are unique and good-sized (though I recommend to the taste the spicy tuna sandwich before ordering it, it is an interesting taste and maybe not for everyone.
)  The only thing I ever drink is a Chai Latte or a Berry Black tea but both of those are delicious as well.
Th overall volume is a perfect medium between the library-hush quiet of some coffee shops and the swishing hustle-bustle of others.
Wi-fi is free all day (and there are electrical outlets everywhere--an important but often-overlooked factor!
)  Chairs are very comfortable.
Every once in a while they do these really awesome events where they offer free Aura Readings by a local yoga studio =)  Highly recommended overall!

Good coffee.
Very large shop with lots of seating.
I had a veggie bagel sandwich that was very good.

Nice open place, large selection of drinks and food.

What's up with all the shouting and "confusion" ambiance?
I understand it was the film festival and there were more clients, but still no need to rush you in to order when you are barely looking their menu.
I had a roasted pepper panini.
The bread was tasty BUT who ever prepared has no clue how to cut a bread in HALF!
that SIMPLE detail ruined the whole experience.
Coffee was good and strong, and all the chess players make you want to sit and play backgammon instead.

I must say that I have never been a person to drink coffee every weekday morning.
However, every time I came in (usually between 8am and 10am) I was greeted with a friendly smile and an abundance of enthusiasm from Janee (aka "The Oriental Girl").
I always walk out of Coffee Plantation in a better mood than when I entered.
Although the coffee is always delicious, it is the fantastic service and funny stories she always has that kick starts my day.
This is why I have become a regular and what will continue to keep my coming back :)

The worst customer service I have experienced in a long time!
Go down the street to Starbucks.
I won't make this mistake again.

The Coffee Plantation is my "go-to" place for coffee....I personally have never had anything less than great service, the coffee is fantastic, free wi-fi all day, plenty of seating inside and out as well as bar-style stools to post up, numerous electrical outlets to plug-in, full menu for lunch and breakfast plus a display of sweet treats!
No complaints here, I have spent many full days working from here and enjoyed them all, a nice change of pace from the home office.

This is not a place for eating things.
It's more like a basic lounge with emergency food and drinks only to be consumed in the event of imminent death due to starvation.
I don't mind hanging out here and ordering a tea in order to say, "I respect the convenience of your establishment, here's two bucks so I can kick it for a while", but literally every drink or food item I've tasted is slightly worse than the memory of a  brownie I ate on an airplane two years ago.
All the food stuff comes from some external source, and the internal source of drinks does not give a single fack about you.
They don't have a kitchen, and the staff is pretty much just teenage girls who wanna talk to each other about hooking up 'n stuff lyk that, ya know?
Plus, I saw one of them sneeze on a sandwich, look around, and then pretend nothing happened.
That kind of irks me, considering "snot" has yet to be listed as a condiment option.
If you expect nothing besides a good location for gathering friends, or using wi-fi, you'll be satisfied.

Let me start by saying that I am not a coffee drinker and I prefer to drink tea at home.
I go to the Plantation with my husband who really likes their coffee.
The one thing that will keep me away from this place is the smoking.
We usually sit outside as do the other smokers as well as the people who like to hold loud conversations on their cell phones.
To be clear, I don't have a beef with the service or their food and beverage.
I actually find the staff quite pleasant.
I hate cigarette smoke and discourteous cell phone users.

The only dependable cup of coffee in Scottsdale.
A pre-church ritual, Coffee Plantation not only offers good coffee and a serviceable breakfast and lunch menu, but the friendly counter staff also provides great service.
Lots of conversation spaces and high-performing Wi-Fi makes the Plantation an ideal spot to hold meetings or book club and the convenient location near Scottsdale and Shea makes for a nice date stop before or after a movie or dinner.

I'm only giving this place 5 stars because of the memories associated with it.
I've been coming here with my Phx friends for as long as I can remember.
When we were younger, we used to go here several nights a week before officially starting our nights out to catch up.
My friends and I have gone through a lot together at this little coffee place.
I've even met boyfriends, gained friends, lost friends, and caught up with a lot of old friends that I miss dearly.
Even though it's super sugary, I usually order the peach italian soda, which is super good and simple.
Is it an amazing coffee shop?
Definitely not.
But it's a nice place to relax at, especially in a city like Phoenix.

Many Coffee Plantations seem to have closed, and there is a very good reason for it.
This one is large inside, but on a Sunday morning after going to Church, Butterfields across the parking lot was packed so we thought CP was a nice option for time purposes.
The place was mostly empty with one worker behind the counter, keep in mind that most places this size would have a minimum of 6 employees working.
CP does practically everything wrong in the restaurant business: employees who lack that "welcome" attitude, pricing, cleanliness (every one of the tables had some sort of residue making it hard to choose a spot to sit), the coffee was not very good and since it would have been $1 for a refil....OVERPRICED!
I threw 90% of it away which is rare for a coffee addict like myself.
I ordered a breakfast bagel which was very pricey and took forever to get made which was odd since the place was not busy.
I do not know why I care so much about this review as this Coffee Plantation will most likely close because they do not know how to run a restaurant.
Too bad, they once were the best coffee place I had ever been too, and this is coming from someone from Starbucks Country.

Always on the lookout for a different type of coffee shop, and stopped by the Coffee Plantation, after seeing it in a strip mall on Shea.
Large, lots of room, mostly business people when I arrived about 10 in the morning.
There was one person working the counter and being the barista, but it wasn't so busy that he couldn't keep up.
Not only was he efficient, but also very friendly.
I had a bagel with cream cheese, and coffee.
It was quite nice - gave me a chance to read my newspaper after golfing, and just relax.
It doesn't appear that they do any of their food preparation - so it isn't really a place to come to eat.
There are rolls, bagels, sandwiches, if you are hungry, but it is pretty basic.
It is different from some of the other coffee shops in the area, and they have free wi-fi, lots of outlets, and plenty of room.
I haven't been there in the afternoon, but mornings are very pleasant.
A nice option for coffee drinkers.

If your searching for coffee and don't want the typical Starbucks, then you've found your new home.
They actually cater parties as well.
There food is decent.
They have a wide selection from desserts to actual meals.
They catered my birthday party, and were very accommodating to me and my time.
Everyone thoroughly enjoyed the food, and were quite impressed it was from Coffee Plantation!
Nice work guys.
Not only do they have great service, but it is a place for memories, studying, and seeing familiar faces.
It's a definite go-to coffee shop.

Great coffee + love the Chai, this branch at shea & scottsdale rd is great, the atmosphere is just right & Omar runs the place is great with customer service!

Lots of seating, good atmosphere, good coffee, unobtrusive music, and free internet for customers.
Exactly as a coffeeshop should be.

Love the staff here.
They know my father and I very well as we are regulars on the weekends.
They give you a really good portion of coffee when you buy it, it doesn't take long to get it, and the selections for flavoring (sugar, cream, cinnamon, etc) are better than Starbucks.
I love it.
The best part about it is for the most part it's very peaceful, so I am able to get a lot of work I need to get done, done.
:) I wouldn't go on Saturday nights or Late Sunday afternoons.
It gets very busy.
But, of course, if you don't mind crowds, then go anytime!
Again, I love the staff there.
Chill and mild-mannered.
Kind of pricy on the baked goods, but all prices are worth it.
This is my main spot!

Went in to buy coffee and use internet.
The snot nosed child behind the counter informed me that they were closing in 20 minutes, mind you it was 940pm.
I informed her that the website yelp.com indicated that the hours of operation were till 10:30p and she might want to have someone update that.
She said :"I have no control over that.
"and went on about her business.
We specifically went to this place to drink coffee and use the wifi and I figured that helping them get IT right was the right thing to do so I said "I'm sure the manager can update those hours, you know the manager right?
" she said "Oh, do I?
" "I don't know you work here.
you know what?
we're going to skip the coffee we don't like this rude attitude goodbye" can't rate these asshole's coffee cause I didn't have any.
Skipped the wifi too.
It gets better.
After I leave I call up and ask for the name of the manager.
Its the child again.
I am told that I am rude and condecending.
Maybe, but I didn't ask for your opinion on the subject just the name of the manager.
They say something unfriendly and Then a dial tone.
Hung up on me.
I dont know about yall but next time I want  coffee I wont try to buy it from Cynthia.

Love this place - very laid back, with great super-friendly customer service and personable employees.
I come for the coffee and space to work using the free wi-fi, and I also really pleased to find that the food is quite delicious.

I would've been totally satisfied with my " to go" mocha experience if my bank statement didn't reveal that I was charged an additional $3.00 above the price on my receipt.
WTF?!
I will not be returning here for my coffee fix!
I would recommend cash only if you choose to go.

Great staff and a good place to get work done!

Love this place!
Great coffee, great food & great atmosphere!
Cord is my favorite barista, always greets me with a smile & makes sure my drinks are dairy free!
Thank you :)

I've tried Coffee Plantation twice.
Both times I ordered a vanilla latte, and both times the espresso was extremely bitter.
The first time, it was just bitter coffee taste + milk (no vanilla or sugar flavor whatsoever).
The second time, it was bitter coffee taste + vanilla syrup + way too much sugar.
No consistency in recipes apparently, but consistency in the espresso sucking.
The guy last night was reasonably nice.
The girl I had the first time was very short, impatient and seemed very unhappy to be there.
Menu is hard to read - sure, handwritten chalkboards are cute, but this one is a jumble and is hung way up and far back.
There is ample seating and it seems like a decent place to hang out.
Unfortunately the coffee is so bad I wouldn't bother.

Whenever I am in Scottsdale I have to hit up my favorite coffee spot!
The coffee is great and a wonderful break from Starbucks.
The breakfast wraps and pastries are delicious as well!
Be it morning or night I always receive great customer service which is an added bonus.

A great neighborhood coffee place!
Awesome location with lots of chairs and couches to just hang around.
The owner works hard and employees are all super friendly.

One of my favorite coffee places in scottsdale.
I like their smooth and dark espresso roast.
The atmosphere is quiet and casual.
Excellent place for my meetings.

My go to study destination in Scottsdale!
I love the layout/decor it is 100% set up for homework.
I come here regularly to study and always get iced coffee.
Their iced toddy is one of the best in town the flavor is amazing!

Only writing this review because of strange incident with counter guy.
I lost the grip on my debit card and I tried to catch it after I deflected it in the air.
After two deflections the card flew onto the other side of counter and in a crazy moment, he caught the card.
We both agreed that will never happen again and a knew we had shared a special moment.
The mocha freeze at 5 bucks for a small was nothing special.

Some of the baristas here are not the most customer service oriented.
But some of them are really wonderful....and their chai is beyond delicious!
Chocolate coconut macaroons are to die for.
And its a great place for a meeting or a quiet place to study.

Been here many times...would have given them three stars before..with there new remodel ..they get 4.5...always great drinks and personable service..now very nice ambiance

I go to Coffee Plantation at least four times/week and it always feels like home.
Our family loves their coffee, tea and delicious food!
CP is one of the few true coffee houses in Scottsdale.
It's open late, has a loyal following and feels unlike the chains that are everywhere else.

A place that clearly has a following and which has entirely "uped" their game lately.
New digital menu boards that boast their  coffee drinks (of all types!
), smoothies, and even the freshly made food they offer.
Customer service has done a 180 in the past couple of months and you can tell they want to help you and even see how you are doing.
All-in-all, it is a wonderful place to catch up with old friends, or even just be with yourself over yummy food and drinks.
Simple.
I like simple.

Try their mocha Mindfreezers - great taste and is mind-numbing.
Love their ample patio space as well.
Customer service is always cheery and full of sunshine.
Bathroom was so dirty yesterday, however, that it looked similar to a gas station's.
Blech!
Not to be gross, but toilet needed to be "bleached down" and the door lock (it was a "onesie") needed to be fixed.
I got caught w/my jeans around my ankles on the pot by a lady.
I think she was more embarrased that I was!
Also the bathroom sink was clogged.

Love that they have numi tea and wifi!
Don't love the parking lot so much.
And prices are kind of steep.
(4.50 for two small teas)

Iced white chocolate mocha was pretty good.
Not the best ice had but the atmosphere is nice.

Stopped in because a good friend told me it was a great place...
Tried the frozen caramel drink- yum!!!
Chocolate macaroon- which they teased me about it being my breakfast ;) - mmmm!
I even got compliments on my top!
Great start to my morning!
Thanks coffee plantation!

Was looking for a place to read and work on a project.
Great wifi, relaxed atmosphere, music upbeat but not invasive, comfy seating (inside, outside, couches, chairs).
Have only tried their hot vanilla latte, but have had it several times because it is delicious.
There is also chess and backgammon for the game inclined.
Basically now my favorite work spot.
No more Starbucks for me!
:-)

I was so happy to see that there is still a Coffee Plantation around!
They have the best iced cafe mochas!!

This place needs a face lift.
There is no better way to thank your customers than to make your establishment a pleasant place to be.
Seats were disgusting, and it's at least been a few days since someone swept the floor.

This place sucks.
When you pay by card the machine you sign asks you for a tip first.
I pressed no because I never tip at coffee places and the employees that work here are obviously money hungry because they are the type of people that are raised that way lol but anywho the dude did not even yell out that my bagel was done it just sat on the counter for 10 minutes getting cold.
What the eff?
Poor service and not returning.

Love the coffee here, but more importantly, the service is fast and friendly.
Have tried their oatmeal in the AM, and its good, you get a giant bowl, so be hungry.
I have also tried their latte and their mind freezes, which they can make with almond milk on request.
They are nowhere near our house, but we make the trip

