This is a really nice petco.. the workers are friendly and helpful.. i remember when i got my ferret when i lived in vegas and they were so friendly and helpful with all my questions.. i think i went back a couple of times just because of questions i had about my new pet.. if your ggoing to go to any petco go to this one cause they will be friendly and helpful with any questions you have..

When it comes to chain pet stores, I prefer Petco.
I would not eat junk food and processed foods everyday, why would I give it to the animals?
Natural, quality foods are important to me and they carry brands like Solid Gold,Halo, Natural Balance, etc which Petsmart hasn't smartened up to carry.
PetSmart have a limited natural food selection with Blue Buffalo, Avoderm and Castor&Pollux which Petco also carries.
I grab Blue Buffalo and Natural Balance kibble for the cat here and get my dogs food at a specialty store.
It makes a difference- my one senior pug (now passed on) came with issues, arthritis, etc....she gained strength, ran around and limped less by just giving her real foods.
I rarely went to the vet with our last dogs.
A lot will be surprised with whats actually in those big convention brand name pet foods....it's scary actually.
I won't get preachy, but I'll get humorous about pet nutrition.
This SNL spoof is really not far from the truth of whats in "by products"   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=za9_9N8MNuE   Shedding issues- brushing with a Furminator is a noticeable difference in shedding....adding Missing Link makes shedding significantly less and the supplements make sure to round out their diet with raw unprocessed nutrients.
I wouldn't neglect rounding out my health so why shouldn't they get every nutrient too?
I wouldn't put artificial, allergy causing beauty products on myself, so why should it touch the animals?
Select Petco carry Earthbath which is my favorite natural dog shampoos and grooming product line.... unfortunately not carried at this one but on Craig a few miles down.
This one carries Avoderm which is also pretty good.
I also love Natures Miracle Pet Wipes to wipe off surface dirt between washes if I can't find the Earthbath ones.
I want them to be happy too.
They also have treats that my dogs and cat will fight for- Dogswell dehydrated meat treats.
It's normal to see dogs grasp big chicken chews and chew on it, but it's pretty hilarious that the cat is into it too and finish a whole tender.
The dogs love natural bullysticks and it keeps their teeth nice.
The kittytap loves treats (which I find odd for a cat)...hes such a pigface from growing up with dogs.
Greenies Dental Treats, Wellness Jerky, Halo Liv-a-Littles, etc.
are all great kitty treats.
If you want the dogs to leave you alone- stuff some Kong toys with peanut butter or put yogurt in it and freeze it!
It's the effing desert- give that animal a drink!
Petmate and Drinkwell fountains are pretty awesome to get them to drink and provide fresh flowing water (important for cats specially!
)  instead of "bowl still" water.
Add the little cat grass/wheat grass planter into the water and they have indoor, healthy wheatgrass for the cats want to bite vegetation.
They carry a well rounded amount of good, quality items so I'm happy with them.
There's some items I can't get from them, but I like supporting the mom and pop Holistic pet food shop, Scraps 4 Pets, to round out the best possible food variety for the animals.
They are after all family so gotta care for them.
I have to give props to anyplace that makes it easier to be the kind of nurturing pug and cat parent I want to be.
UPDATE 8/15=  Crazy steals in their clearance baskets.
I got harnesses for $4 and $2 for the pugs....we're having custom handmade ones made, but need something for the time being.
With most harnesses at $20 and we just need them for the next few months, it almost seemed stupid to buy so that they can go out while their handsewn ones come in.
We also got a bath non slip mat for $4.

Petco is usually a nice chain to handle all of your Pet needs.
Went to Petco with Ashley D to purchase a birthday gift for her little sister.
The goal was accomplished and we were in and out of the store in no time.
A few notes on the store: - Seemed like there were only a few associates working, cutbacks - Store seemed a little cluttered and poorly modeled for the building space.
Overall, I'm a fan of Petco but this store needs a little work, especially in a fairly newer shopping center.

Hello vegas yelpers!
Stumbled upon this location about 9 miles from me.
Kind of far, but worth the drive.
I've never been to a Petco before but I've been to many pet stores and I was quite impressed with this Petco.
I've been coming here a lot recently picking up everything from harnesses, collars, leashes, dog treats by the pounds, natural dog treats and toys.
I don't think they carry the dog food my puppy is eating, Royal Canine... but they have a variety of other brands.
I'm taking my puppy tomorrow to their free puppy playtime and potty training session.
I'm excited for her.
I'm a fan and will be coming back often for all of my dogs needs.
Thanks Petco!
-Miss Yelp 2011

Despite being further away from my house I like this Petco better.
Their selection of gluten and grain free and limited ingredient diet products is far more fleshed out than the Petco on Craig.
Was very happy to see them running a special on the Blue Buffalo cat food.
I also like that they have the small cans of Nature's Instinct.
My kitties can barely finish half a 3 oz can in one feeding.
So even though the 5-6 oz cans are cheaper, I don't have to refrigerate them (the leftover portions) for as long if I get the small cans.
They also had a the entire selection of the Merrick 5 Star Entrees in the small cans.
However, like every Petco I've been in so far, it smells funny.
What is up with that?
Also, I don't know what it is about this store but the lighting seems dimmer.
In contrast, the staff at this Petco are quite attentive and they are very helpful and pleasant.

The other day I am in there shopping for some netting for my Praying Mantis habitat and what do my eyes spy.
A Chameleon who has ninja'd his way out of his cage, up a vine, slid the top open and was Dub Stepping across the top by the light bulbs...   That's right I hereby Claim that Chameleons are the Original Dub Steppers!
As soon as I told the staff the store basically shut down as everyone was trying to get the chunky guy back in his cage.
Once they finally did registers reopened.
lol  This place has pretty much everything you need for general and some not so general pets, with nice prices.
And they also have a discount club free to join where you save 5% off your purchases and get some nifty coupons.
The staff here has always been very helpful in my experiences and I have never had any problems here.

Nice location.
The store is the cleanest petco that I've been to by far.
Their doggy treats are in sealed containers.
The other petco has it out in the open.
I don't know if it effects the treats or not.
Their store is huge.
A lot of things to look at.
Customer service, no one has ever ask or greeted us.

A shout out to excellent customer service.
We came to get or dog food in a 30lb bag and they didn't have it (after looking in the back).
So the girl helping us gave us the smaller bag at a reduced price and was very apologetic.
Thank you

I hadn't been to PetCo in over two years and because of my recent visit, I will never go back.
I had a bunch of cat stuff, including a couple 40 lb boxes of litter.
I went to the checkout and was second in line behind a person with two bags of dog food thinking I would be out in a few minutes.
Wrong!
I ended up being in line for almost twenty minutes.
The other register that was open was still on the same order she had been on when I walked up, both were people trying to use expired coupons on premium dog food, which both cashiers let them use which I thought was really nice.
When the woman in front of me left, the cashier told me "I need to get crickets, go to the other line".
So the people behind me in line rushed to the other register while I put my stuff back in my cart.
Since I had been first in my line, I asked the cashier if I could go next since my fellow customers were being so rude (I omitted my opinion of them when I asked her if I could go next).
I was rudely told to "go to the back of the line and wait my turn".
WOW.
So I left my cart right there and announced "I'm going to PetSmart.
"  1 star for honoring their own expired coupon.
Hopefully the other customers that shop here aren't rude jerks like the ones that were there that day.

I've been going to this place for many years, from getting rats as pets, to toys and essentials for dogs.
I love that they have a biscuit bar where you can pick and choose different biscuits and bag them.
They always have a treat at the register for your dog!
The best thing about this place is that it has a better selection of health foods for pets than PetSmart.
They are the only store close by that sells Halo pet food.
Sometimes, though, they do not stock up on their products, so you are left scrambling for something else.
They have training, and adoptions, and if you get their card you get rewards- through email.

We needed to stock up on food and treats for our little chewbacca, and I was also surprised to see that they had Jackson Chameleons!
I used to raise these back home in Hawaii and they were so cool to have as pets, I used to get them to drink out of my hand using a syringe....Ahhh the memories.....
The price tag wasn't so cool though....$139???
Uh, no thanks....We just grabbed what we needed, and went to have lunch up the street...ALOHA!!

PETCO, great.
This specific store, not so great.
Just A-OK (if that).
They don't restock.
They just don't.
I love that PETCO carries holistic food like Halo®, because I will NOT feed my companion friend by-products or any other garbage that I find abysmally unethical.
But what is the point of being a loyal PETCO patron when every time you come to this store, one or more of the specific types of food that your little friend enjoys is not stocked on the shelves because of pure laziness/lack of preparedness by the staff?
I am not certain about the other patrons of this specific store but my experience has been that it is not unusual to have specific brand inventories completely depleted from a shelf.
Completely.
It is actually unusual to go to the Halo section and find every flavour available.
Very unusual.
Makes you think that they must have just hired someone new that does not know how things work around here whenever you see a section with shelves full of contents.
Unfortunately, slowly but surely they adapt the standing practice of failing to stock shelves of store #1105.
On a somewhat more esoteric subject than finding your favourite food when you go shopping for it, is the matter of the weasel ferrets they sell here.
DO NOT BUY THEM.
They are Marshall Farms ferrets and well ... MF has been an unabashed perpetrator of such massive wrong-doing with animals that there are not enough characters allowable in a Yelp review for me to explain why you should not buy Marshall Farms.
- E

There's just something about puppies that automatically draw me to them, and what was supposed to be an "in and out" visit because Dolce ran out of his favorite treats ended up being a good half an hour with PUPPIES!!!
These Shafford Terriers were up for adoption, but we have our ball of fur which is plenty for us...there were a few people who got to adopt a couple of them though, and its good to see that they are under great care in the right hands....ALOHA!!!!
YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(63/100) "Adopt-A-Pup"

I really only come here because it is the closest to my house and has a rewards program.
The cashiers care more about themselves than doing their job.
I've had one girl do the whole transaction for me talking to their friend only, she did not say one word to me.
I've had a cashier who just looked at me nasty the entire time like a with no thank you or have a good day.
Also, every time I have tried to buy a fish here, they are all sick and I can't buy one!!
Silly Petco, you could do better...you are lucky Petsmart is too far for my laziness!

Before going into my story, let me say that I know when going to this store that getting help from an associate when needed is pretty much impossible.
There's actually been many times I've helped people find things they need.
Anyway, I went into this location on my way home from the vet with my dog.
I had just gotten horrible news that she had terminal bone cancer.
The vet told me getting her a harness could help at home.
Since I've never purchased a harness and my dog was 120lbs, I took her inside with me.
She was a little tired from the vet, but I needed to fit her and I knew the harnesses were right in front by the door so she wouldn't have to go far.
When we came in there were 3 people in the front of the store.
When we got to the harnesses she laid down and didn't want to get back up on the slick floor.
So over the course of 15min or so I'm trying to get her up and check out so I can get her home.
During this time 2 employees walk by and 1 stays at the register closest to me, not one asking if I need help with my dog (mind you I'm 110lbs myself).
I finally get her up and get to the first register where the guy stood waiting for me.
He introduces himself as the dog trainer (I'm far from interested in that at this point.
I just want to take my tired dog home) and proceeds to ask me if my dog "had always been that stubborn or only since she got old" I was mortified....she was obviously walking with a limp and he just watched her and I struggle for 15min.
I looked at him and replied "No, she has bone cancer.
" He then had another girl ring me up, I guess he felt like an idiot.
My dog and I make it  out the front door and she stops again and lays down.
This time, I start to cry because of all the stress and just want to get home.
A customer and her husband walked past to enter the store.
He stopped and kindly asked me if I needed any help.
When I told him what was going on, he offered to carry her to my car for me.
I was so greatful and thanked him from the bottom of my heart.
He asked if anyone inside offered me help.
When I told him no and that the trainer had asked if my dog was old or stubborn his jaw dropped.
He told me that was horrible and I should call corporate.
I did so as soon as I got home.
They told me over the phone that what happened was unacceptable and they were deeply sorry for what happened in their store.
I was also told they would "handle" the situation and have the manager of that location contact me.
They never contacted me and I returned the harness for that reason.
I will never shop here again.

I only come to this petco because it is close to my house.
The customer service is absolutely horrendous!
I've worked in customer service for over 10 years and was a store manager for 8 years.
If I was the manager here I would be embarrassed.
The staff is very unfriendly and not helpful.
Every time I come here, checking out is a nightmare.
I honestly dread having to come in here but I like that they carry my dog food and I like the rewards program.

