Used to be Curve II (yes, there, at one point in time, were 3 "Curve" diners in Madison.
All equally greasy).
Now the new Willaby's.
I was nervous at first.
My experiences at the Willaby's on Willy St. have been defined by sour cream for my coffee.
Would the new location bring new dairy products?
Thankfully, all was in order.
Great food.
Cheap.
Cheerful and pleasant staff.
No wait.
No pretense.
Great food.

i'm biased (friends with the owner), and having been recently transplanted within walking distance of "the diner", i couldn't be more pleased.
the weekend staff (i haven't been on a weekday in a while) are always alert and attentive (which means a full cup of hot coffee).
they have huge portions (i never finish my omelet), and large cups of coffee.
the bomblet is my fave; it's a mix of melted swiss cheese, basil, onion, mushroom, and tomato.
or you can grab an egg sandwich (with a slice of american), or a huge fresh-blueberry pancake without breaking the budget.
one thing that can break an establishment is the lack of consistency, and the diner will never be in jeopardy of that.
no matter who's cooking, your omelet will always be the same.

When I used to bum around Madison, this becamse my breakfast retreat.
Generous portions.
Great omelettes.
Hot sauce on the tables.
Greasy spoon and a nice staff.
Simply put, I will always enjoy dining here.

Decent pricing on the Juice  Ok Pricing on the Breakfast  WAY TO much seating for the area that they have for my taste.

My wife and I attempted to eat at the diner at 11am on a Sunday and the best part of the visit was the parking spot, which was quickly ruined by my wife stepping in dog poop.
We grabbed the only available 2 person table, which had yet to be bused.
The frazzled 20-something server came over, apologized for the table and NEVER CAME BACK.
After 30 minutes of watching her frantically running around, people leaving and another "server" bringing out food one plate at a time, we decided to leave.
I'm still a bit upset that we didn't get to try the food, which seems to get good/great reviews.
But whadda ya gonna do?

I went there for lunch since it's close to work.
I have nothing against diners, I walked in and waited about 5 minutes for the waitress to stop by.
The place was not terribly busy.
The beleaguered waitress took my order, the burger special.
I mentioned I was on work lunch, so that usually means "I have limited time frame".
the waitress brought my orange juice.
i sipped and waited  5 minutes passed, the wiatress and I chatted 10 minutes passed, I sipped my juice 15 minutes passed, I became worried.
20 minutes passed, it was time for me to start heading back to work  25 minutes passed, I had finished my orange juice 30 minutes passed, I asked the waitress where my food was.
She wagged her finger, continued reading.
A minute later she, without word, walked in back.
Several minutes passed without response.
I walked out.
It does not take 30 minutes to make a burger unless the cook was incompetent.
Even if the food was the most amazing food ever, this was a terrible experience and I will never go back.

Awful food.
Awful service.
Awfully long wait for everything.
It was going to be an hour wait at Monty's  blue plate diner or lazy Jane's Café so we decided to go to the fair Oaks diner because it was empty.
We should have waited.
We had a group of 3, and sat down at the counter.
After 10 minutes of sitting there, the waitress comes over and says "A big order just went in ahead of you, so it's going to be a wait for the food".
I look around, and half the tables are empty, so I figure maybe it will be an extra 15 minutes.
I ask if I can just quickly get a cinnamon roll and a glass of milk.
Both are sitting in front of me behind the counter.
20 minutes later and having asked twice,  I am still sitting there waiting.
At this point, we have been waiting for 30 minutes in a half empty restaurant, and we haven't ordered, received menus, or gotten water.
During this time, I had some time to look around the restaurant.
It was filthy.
Clean glasses had lipstick or food still stuck on them.
Countertops and floors had ground in dirt indicative that they hadn't been cleaned in years.
The kitchen could be seen from my spot at the counter, and I watched the cook wipe sweat from his forehead with a towel, and then grab toast by hand to throw it on the griddle without washing his hands and changing his gloves.
MMMM, yummy.
I love sweat soaked toast!
I also love it when the sweat rag is used for wiping down counters.
We finally order, and I ask again if I can have a cinnamon roll and a glass of milk.
10 minutes later, and after a fourth request, it is basically thrown at me.
The milk is warm.
The cinnamon bun is stale and nasty.
I finished neither.
20 minutes later, I ask our waitress if our food was actually cooking yet.
If it wasn't cooking yet, I just wanted to leave.
She snidely responds, "I warned you that it was going to be a wait when you sat down".
I replied that I didn't complain about how long it was taking.
I simply wanted to know if our food was cooking or not yet because if it wasn't cooking yet, my family just wanted to pay for the milk, cinnamon roll, and coffee, and to leave.
Without checking in the kitchen, she rudely snapped back "it's cooking ok.
WAIT!
"       1 hour and 20 minutes after our arrival, our orders came to the table one plate at a time.
10 minutes after that, all three plates had arrived.
My scrambled eggs were completely overcooked and dry/crusty.
My hash browns, which were requested extra crispy were cold and soggy.
There was also a surprise chunk of mystery meat in the middle, which I surmised to be a stray bit of sausage from another dish cooked on the same griddle.
My toast wasn't toasted and was soaked with butter.
My father had oatmeal.
He said it was instant oatmeal and they did a bad job.
He could have made better from a packet at home in 5 minutes.
The "fruit" on the oatmeal was basically strawberry sauce.
His toast on the side was black.
My mother ordered a veggie scrambler.
The vegetables "tasted old" she said.
The eggs were way overcooked and dry/crusty.
Two pieces of her toast weren't toasted, and the other two pieces were black.
I paid $27 including a 15% tip that I left.
I deeply regret having passed on waiting an hour to sit down at Monty's Blue Plate diner.
I will never go back to the Fair Oaks Diner.
I urge you not to go either.

Fair Oaks Diner is wonderful and I always am extremely satisfied when I go there.
The cherry cobbler is amazing, and all the special omelletes are delicious.
The atmosphere is homey and feels warm.

