It's free, it's in a beautiful park, and it has white peacocks -- what more could you want?
Seriously, it's a really nice place to spend a lazy afternoon, wandering through the park, enjoying the animals and the trees, maybe having a picnic.

Better (and cheaper) than the traditional Sunday drive...  Madison offers a full size zoo.
It has the works, lions, tigers, bears, flamingos, monkeys, penguins and etc.
The park is well-maintained and a tolerable stroll (as opposed to the foot numbing extended walks of the Milwaukee County Zoo) without damaging your wallet.
The only difficulty is getting (and parking near) there.
Nearby roads have been pounded with construction for over a year.
Your car will feel the effects of half-finished roads and poor detours.
Parking is another problem, but since it is free and available to those that come early (and make it through the construction), that complaint lacks validity.
Visit the wonderful park, eat at their value-conscious (and adequate) concessions and stop over at the gift shop on your way out ... you will leave Henry Vilas Zoo as if you left the Fountain of Youth.

Five stars for the free zoo!
On summer and spring days where your agenda is wide open this is a fabulous place to check out.
A must for showing the city to out of towners.

Who wouldn't you give a free zoo five stars?
I completely took this beautiful place for granted when I lived in Madison.
Although I went occasionally, I didn't realize how special of a place it was.
Students and families frequent the zoo daily in the summer.
I can't wait to get back and experience how it has changed since I last went!

Even though I lived in Madison for six years, I only visited this zoo once.
I left the place so disturbed by the experience that I swore I would never return.
I don't think I will ever forget the sight of a group of about 6 chimpanzees living in an tiny, box like enclosure with nothing but tile walls and floors, with only some ropes and long branches to keep them occupied.
These chimps were going absolutely nuts, literally bouncing off the walls, screaming, as if to say "get me out of here!
"   I will never forget the sight of a giraffe, chained into place on a concrete slab caked with its own droppings.
I will never forget the sea lions swimming around in filthy, algae-caked water.
The Henry Vilas Zoo did not give up its elephants because Madison is so "caring.
" They gave up their elephants because they were forced to by the AZA.
The Association of Zoos and Aquariums told the zoo to let go of their elephants or face disaccrediation.
So much for "liberal" and "caring" Madison, Wisconsin.
I have heard that the Henry Vilas Zoo has improved in the last few years.
For the sake of these animals, I really wish it has.
It's nice to have a free zoo, but I think it's time for this zoo to start charging an admission so that the funds are available to give these animals clean, livable enclosures and a better life overall.
I am not an animal rights activist who is against all zoos.
Nealry 100% of the animals in a modern US zoo were born in captivity.
This life is all they know.
But I think all zoos have a solemn responsibility to give their animals as good of a life as possible.
The Henry Vilas Zoo failed to do that, and that's why I give it one star.

Very nice zoo for being free.
Lots of great animals - particularly enjoyed the polar bear, giraffes, and flamingos.
Could not find the lions or tigers.
Parking is inadequate but if you drive around long enough you'll find something.
Or just get there early.
My only real complaint was lack of signage throughout the zoo.
It made finding particular exhibits difficult.
I'm still unsure whether I saw everything or not.

This is the little zoo that could.
It's not a destination.
It's a place to go because you're here anyway.
But they are working to improve their exhibits over time and updating their enclosures.
It's just a very slow process.
The bear enclosures are the same I think from when the zoo was originally built.
The otter enclosure looks great.
So yes, it's a bit depressing to go here and see the sad bears.
Especially if you've been spoiled by other zoos.
But kids love it.
The staff does care.
And they're working to make it better.
We had a very interesting conversation with the orang keeper when we were there about the orangs, their personalities and what she was trying to do to improve their living conditions.
It made me want to whip out my checkbook right there and help them out.
Or maybe go to Home Depot and pick them up a swimming pool.
4 stars for free and a fun kid destination.

This is hard for me, I'm conflicted.
You walk in and are greeted by a plethora of flamingos.
Nice.
Some of the cages are like wrought iron bird cages, with bigger animals.
Not nice.
Creepy.
Free camel rides on Sundays - at least there used to be.
Yeah, nice.
They have those wierd plastic melting machines that make gorillas and other fine figurines, still warm when they plop out of the machine.
Cool.
Petting zoo/children's zoo.
Cool.
Right next to Lake Wingra.
I didn't see it but angry polar bears?
Scary.
Free zoo.
FREE ZOO.
Donate money or something, they need it.
It's a pretty damn great zoo for it's size and pocketbook.

I am always going to love anything that's free.
And the Henry Vilas Zoo is free.
The zoo has it's few problems, and I really hate the renovation and the stupid carousel/kid's zoo crap.
I also miss the wax animal machines.
I luckily still have several.
But, it's a zoo, there are sea otters there, so what else can I ask for?

The Good: -Free!
Freeeeeeeee!
-A generally clean and pleasant place to spend a sunny afternoon.
-The prairie dog exhibit.
Life just does not get any cuter than watching those little guys clean each other faces before they curl up for a nap.
The Bad: -Scary alpha male Chimpanzee who is constantly posturing and attacking the windows.
-Perpetually AWOL tigers.
Seriously, where are they?!
-The parking.
Oh, god, the parking.
The Ugly:  -Emaciated male lion.
-Too-small enclosures for the animals that need lots of space, like the polar bears and seals.
Is it really worth not charging admission?

Woohoo!
As good as it gets!
Especially for FREE!!
The variety of animals is pretty good (only missing my beloved elephants).
And for the past 20 years they've been updating exhibit by exhibit and have done a decent job, I believe.
It's a great place for kids, too, with being able to feed the goats, get close to the turtles, and blow off some steam on the playgrounds.

Free (even parking).
Clean.
Lots of cool animals.
The end.

I went here a couple of weeks ago, the zoo was very nice, although the bears didn't seem happy at all, their enclosures were very small and it was 90+ out.
Otherwise the zoo was great, free of course, parking wasn't too much trouble but I imagine it could be difficult.
The worst exhibit obviously was the one with all the small primates riding the carousel.
It's nice to be able to just walk out of the zoo and along the lake.

I've been going here since I was a kid.
Love the petting zoo and the prairie dogs.
If you go, hope that the badger is out because he is ADORABLE.
And the whole thing is free!
Can you believe it?
Very clean, very nice zoo.
An asset to Madison.
The beach and park across the street are very nice and clean as well.

Great little zoo.
Perfect for families with smaller kids- if they are having a bad day you can leave!
Love the carousel and monkey's

I wonder how the zookeeper has the nerve to passive aggressively tell us that it was wrong of us to have our coffee in the primate area.
Okay, so we didn't notice the sign on the door that said no food or drink.
However, I don't think our coffee is so much the problem as much as the pitiful conditions of the primate exhibit.
Maybe I would be passive-aggressive too if I had to look at myself in the mirror after working with those poor chimps in the primate exhibit or the flamingos in that pathetic looking room with water on the floor and some shitty painting of their habitat on the wall.
My son loves the place, but he doesn't know any better.
I'd rather they charge and keep the animals in better conditions, and maybe not have to worry about our coffees because the animals would be in a more adequate setting.
There are also nicer ways of addressing such issues than being a passive aggressive crumudgeon.
Honestly, I've worked in prisons and the conditions of the animals at Vilas seem more like a prison than anything that remotely seems like their natural habitat.
I'll go back for my son, but once he's old enough, I'll make sure he understands the difference between places like the Brookfield Zoo and Lincoln Park Zoo in the Chicago area, and pathetic excuses for zoos like Vilas.

Not sure what more you could ask for than a free zoo with free parking.
It's not the biggest zoo, but if you have an hour or two, it's really a great visit.
Madison, you are lucky to have this.

The Henry Vilas Zoo is a Madison treasure!
It is a free zoo--a FREE zoo--meaning free admission and free parking.
You can go there and not spend a penny!
It's small enough to be kid friendly in that you can see it all in just a few hours.
They are constantly updating and improving their areas and exhibits, and they offer amazing educational programs for school groups.
It's not only good for kids, it's also a perfect place to go on a date.
It is small, there is lots to see, its public, and its just a short walk from the UW campus and the state capital.
Plus it's surrounded by Wingra park, so you can do a stroll through the zoo followed by a picnic in the park.
The perfect blend of casual and yet intimate.

i absolutely adore this zoo.
it's free, which is awesome, and they have a ton of great animals, and even a few that i haven't seen at other zoos!
they seem to be working really hard to expand and re-vamp a few of their exhibits.
it also has a lot of little kid-friendly things, like a real handprint of a gorilla to compare yours to, face-in-hole type cutouts, a carousel, playgrounds, etc.
it's small enough to see in a couple of hours, but so much to do, you could spend an entire day with a picnic there.

I should preface this by saying the following: I'm studying to become a primatologist and focus in animal welfare law.
With that said, I'm actually super impressed with the Henry Vilas Zoo as a free zoo.
Since, like I said, my specialty is on primates, I can judge them the best comparatively to the other animals.
From what I could determine, the animals were in FABULOUS conditions despite being captive.
The orangutans and chimpanzees both seemed very cheerful and cooperative with their "buddies.
" When a lemur (yup, lemurs are primates!
) injured itself, they removed all the lemurs off-exhibit to continue socializing the injured one.
Since primates are VERY social creatures, this earned a huge amount of respect from me.
However, there are some negative aspects of this: there are a lot of people on a given day--which isn't surprising.
It's free, it's a zoo, and there's a lot of kids in Madison.
The parents can be pushy, it can be claustrophobic.
But it's extremely clean given the circumstances and the animals are in great condition.
If you're a parent, an animal-lover, or just bored--the Henry Vilas Zoo is a GREAT place to go to.

I really like this zoo.
It is free,  it is small, it has a lot of variety it is a great place to sit back and enjoy the beauty of of the animal kingdom.
Park next door for kids and picnic or flying a kite.
Go here.

Ok, I'm probably giving this zoo an extra star just because it is the zoo of my childhood.
Though to be honest, they really deserve all 5 stars.
First off, it is a free Zoo.
That is right, no admission fee, and they still manage to have exhibits and habitats being updated on the regular.
They have several donation boxes around the zoo, so anyone visiting and wanting to support the zoo may make a donation (many state how much it costs to pay for the animals' feed each day).
When you total those numbers up, it's actually pretty amazing to me that they have so many animals and can still manage after all these years (I am now 30) to remain free to the public.
They just recently had a new lion cub, and I'm a little sad that I was there a few weeks too early to see it.
One of my favorite things that was not there when I was young was the rainforest birds building.
So many beautiful birds, and you are just walking through a huge room full of them, no cages to ruin your photos--just be careful not to hold the doors in and out open and let any of them out.
My nieces were just enchanted by getting to be so close to the Macaws.

This is a great zoo for the price, FREE!
They've got plenty of exhibits on site.
It was still around thawing season when I went, but many of the animals were stuck inside because it was still too cold to leave them out.
Seeing the chimpanzee exhibit made me kind of sad, though.
I only saw one chimp and the environment was NOT natural.
It looked like they just put a child's jungle gym in a room with windows for the little guy.
The flamingos were also stuck inside a room with some water around it.
I wish the indoor exhibits were a little better for the animals, but this IS a free zoo..

A free zoo in a lovely setting with free parking?!
Sign me up!
Although I prefer the Milwaukee zoo and there are many others that have more animals and nicer habitats, I was really pleasantly surprised by my visit here.
I took my two year old and she had a great time seeing the animals and riding the little train.
I wish the signage was a little better though because it is hard to consult a map with a toddler pulling at your arm.

Henry Vilas Zoo is the perfect size for a place like Madison.
It has a little of everything- birds, fish, bears, marsupials, amphibians, giraffes, primates, otters, seals, etc....you won't be disappointed by the variety.
I grew up with the Milwaukee Zoo, and I still find the Vilas Zoo to be quite satisfactory.
I give it a four because I do believe some of the exhibits are a bit too small for the animals.
I know that the zoo does the best with the funds they have, being a free zoo and all.
Consider donating a small amount when you go, or plan to buy your lunch there as an alternative to donating.
To be honest, some of the food, like the corn dogs and fries, is quite bad, but there is a cart that sells some grilled food and salads- I would personally opt for this option if you decide to eat in.
There is a wonderful play area for kids with a tree house area and carousel, and an educational building as well.

Like they said, free zoo, free parking, and the animals are great there.
Some favorites are the badger, marmosets, and polar bears.
The 5th star comes from the unbelievable biology lesson we received from 2 giant tortoises, complete with incredibly loud noises from sometime in the future papa tortoise.
Beats the monkey house any day.

Henry Vilas Zoo is always improving.
I was super happy to visit on a recent trip home to Wisconsin.
Some of my favorite animals weren't available for peeking at due to ANOTHER new project by the zoo.
When I was a child, this place was sweet, but outdated.
These days, it doesn't let its size of free status keep it from being a cutting-edge, animal-based zoo.
The environments keep improving, the animals look happy and healthy and everyone leaves with a smile!

This is a great zoo!
For the size of Madison I'm surprised they have so many animals.
The best part is its free and very open!

I would normally give this zoo three stars, but I'm giving it four because it's a free zoo.
Some of the enclosures are outdated, yes, but the zoo is constantly working on improving the animal spaces.
It's amazing that they are able to have what they do for a free zoo.
It's a great place to hang out on a nice day when you have nothing else to do.
It's fun to take a picnic with to picnic in the park next door.
True, the parking stinks, but we're generally able to find parking after driving around for a little while.
For those commenting on charging admission:  what I was always told when I was growing up in Madison is that the zoo is never allowed to charge admission.
The Vilas family stipulated that the zoo need to stay free.
If the zoo were to start charging admission, then the land would go back to the Vilas family.
Then there is no more zoo for anyone to enjoy, good or bad.

I'm really disappointed with my most recent visit to this zoo.
Half the animals seemed to be off exhibit and the way the enclosures are designed make it difficult to see those that are available.
The only worthwhile exhibits in my opinion are the macaws and giraffes.
The zoo was crawling with kids, so I can only surmise it's a perfect free place to take the kids to tire them out since there's a huge jungle gym inside.
If you're from the area and have kids I'd say take them to this "park" and tell them they MIGHT see some animals, but consider it a bonus.
Visited: May 17, 2012

Henry's is not as large as other zoos, but big enough to actually see almost all their animals.
I spent $$ at the OR zoo and only saw 9 animals.
Henry's is free, but I bought some ice cream to help with proceeds.
I easily spent 3 happy hours admiring all the animals.
I do, however, question if the polar bear and penguins have been given the appropriate cage conditions.
Biggest WOW factor --  tiger and the black swan.
I was truly memorized by their beauty, and ad scared ****less of the tiger!
To the stupid 20 something girls who kept yelling "look here tiger...hi!
", he will eat you in 3 bites.
Don't taut the nice, soft kitty.
The fence does look a bit thin.
Bring quarters so you can buy food to feed the goats.
I got licked.
hee... hee...

We loved this zoo!
We stayed in Madison as part of our vacation this year.
This zoo has lots on animals and you actually get to see them.
We live near Lincoln Park Zoo and Brookfield Zoo in Chicago, not only are they crowded but all too often you don't get to see many animals.
My son loved the bears and the prairie dogs at this zoo.
The Children's area has a great climbing area, train, and carousel.

The zoo is really really tiny.
So, if you're expecting a larger zoo, you're out of luck and will have to go to a big city, such as Chicago or Washington D.C.. Also, parking is Very limited so you'll have to park on a street somewhere if you can find a spot.
The zoo shares its space with a recreation park so you're also competing for parking spaces with people going there as well.
I was really disappointed when I found many exhibits closed, and there were no capybaras out (my favorite animal) if you happen to be in Madison, make this a stop, it's free; but don't make a special trip for it if you're not close.

The zoo is definitely small, but it is free and their is a good selection of animals.
Don't expect this to be the pride of the United States, but if you or a person you know is into animals, check out the zoo.

One word....Free.
This is a decent zoo to spend half a day at.
Doesn't have a huge variety of animals but a nice place to go if you just want to take the kids somewhere without spending money.
They have a couple places to take some cute photos.
Gift shops have some cool stuff.

It's not the biggest zoo, nor is it the most diverse or fancy, but for a free zoo, it's a great asset.
We visited in mid-April, when the weather was less than ideal and the exhibits were still well populated and interesting.
Lots of construction going on (as usual); I guess that's a good sign for the zoo, its inhabitants and visitors.

Surprisingly nice for a free zoo!
Plenty of parking, a decent array of animals.
Unfortunately, many were not out because it was still cold outside.
I imagine that there are more animals lurking around in the summer months!
Nice way to spend an hour on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon!

This zoo is cute and it's free.
It's obviously not as fancy as the larger zoos in the world but it works.
And it's free.
So really what do we have to complain about?
It's very kid friendly and full of families.
On our recent trip we came on a Sunday when the weather was nice and it was crazy packed with families.
That didn't deter us though and it wasn't so crowded that you couldn't see the exhibits.
You won't find any elephants here (it's a small zoo) but they have two lions, tigers, polar bear and giraffe and many more smaller things.
It's a nice place to spend a few hours on a warm day.

If you go on a Saturday afternoon like I did, be prepared to get dizzy circling the lot and neighboring blocks searching for a parking space.
Be patient, though, because noon is a great time to go.
That's lunch time for the animals, and they're all up looking for their share.
I've never been to a zoo that had so many active animals.
For a free zoo, there's a surprising amount of animals.
There's a reptile exhibit, primates, tigers, lions, (no bears right now due to construction), various birds, camels, giraffes, and even a herd of goats that you can hand feed.
I was really excited to see the sloth in the rainforest exhibit, but he was either out of town or really good at hide-and-seek.
There were a bunch of families with small children, and it was cute to seem them engage with the "aminals.
" Although I don't have any children, I'm looking forward to going back.

I don't give out five stars easily, but this place is free and probably better than a lot of paid zoos.
They are building an arctic part, which should make it even better.
Here are the pros and suggestions for improvement:  Pros: -The animals had a lot of enclosure space.
If animals have to be caged for my viewing pleasure, they deserve to be happy.
It looks like they treat their animals fairly well.
-Almost every major animal is in this place.
-Very open, so that families are bumping into each other.
-Great kids park.
-It is FREE!
Suggestions: -Parking is a premium.
Be there early or you will have to park on the street.
-The gift store is very poor.
I love wearing lanyards and pins to work, but this place had plain lanyards and no pins.
If you need to cool down, the gift store is a perfect place.

A first rate way to spend an afternoon with the family.
This zoo is run entirely through endowment funds, and is free to the public--though donations are appreciated.
Great exhibits, with new ones being added.
The surrounding park and arboretum are beautiful.
Bring a cooler and a grill and make a full day of it!

They have lions, rhino, giraffe, camels, seals lots of birds and some primates.
It can get very warm when walking around so get there early.
It is free and parking can be a hassle, we were staying at hotel red so it was a 10 min walk.

A small and amazing zoo.
It's free, has lots of animals that people (children) like, and  is an easy way to spend a couple hours.
This easily beats Chicago's Lincoln Park Zoo.
A must-see!

This is a FREE zoo!
Donations are always welcome (any size) Also, make sure you stop by the gift and food stands (your purchase goes to help support the zoo!

Here's what you need to know: Its a Zoo.
It's Free.
It's do-able in an hour.
You can bring your own food.
Come and go as you want, no tickets.
Only thing they charge for is the Ferris Wheel and the train ($1 per person, no matter what the age.
)  Want to give a donation- go right ahead.
They are in the midst of still updating areas.
The newer exhibits are much larger and the newer thought method.
There's a huge new playground with rocks, trees, slides and a giant tower to climb.
Your kids will want to spend at least 30 minutes here.
Today's visit we saw a Tiger, Flamingoes, Camels, Giraffes, Tarantulas, sting rays, parrots, goats, etc...
They have a nice mixture for all animal lovers.
I love that it is open year round.

It's definitely not the most impressive zoo I've been to but it's free and it's great for kids!
Rarely crowded, easy to navigate, you can bring in food, and they have an awesome playground for kids with a carousel as well.
You can also pet/feed the goats.
There's a gift shop and food available.

I have been going to the Henry Vilas Zoo since I was a little girl, so to be totally transparent with my review, I have a special fondness for this place.
The HV Zoo is not the newest or most modern zoo in terms of presentation, but it covers nearly every animal you would want to see as a little kid (or at my age on a fun date).
They have a pair of giraffes, a tiger, a lion, otters, polar bears, penguins, flamingos and more.
They have a variety of indoor and outdoor exhibits, and most of the indoor offerings have lots of cool interactive games and learning activities for kids.
My favorite area would probably be the primate house.
They have cute little monkeys, big hairy orangutans and lots of funny little guys in between.
They also have a pull up bar that will count how long you can hang so you can see how you measure up to all the cool creatures in the exhibit beside you.
Its the best!
Everyone should give a donation when you go.
Its a wonderful place for learning and will always be a classic part of Madison.
I took a business class in college that did a small project affiliated with the zoo and it is struggling with finances.
Even if every person that went gave $1 that would make a huge difference to the funds that they have to sustain this zoo.
Everyone has $1 and everyone loves this place when they go.
Offering a "Free" zoo is generous to the public, we should be generous back.

What a fantastic place to take a child.
The giraffes, penguins and chimps  were awesome.
I see pictures of polar bears but didn't see any there.
There were a few exhibits that were empty.The bird aviary seemed to not have as many birds as I was expecting.
It was still enjoyable, but it was odd to see empty exhibits.
This the is only zoo where I have seen a red panda.
How coo!!
It is a free zoo, which is a rare thing from where I am from.
This great zoo is surviving on its donations.
I made sure to donate, because I definitely want this place to remain free.
I just hope any that go also donate so that it can continue to get better.

Coming from Milwaukee, one of our go to family places was the zoo.
I have to admit I was sad to leave Milwaukee zoo not knowing what the Madison zoo was going to be like, but I was wonderfully surprised.
Here is a list of what I love about the Henry Vilas Zoo:   - Its free!
-Its is smaller then the Milwaukee zoo, but that means we can see everything in a morning, this is a plus in my book.
-There are great parks nearby, we hit up the zoo in the morning and the park in the afternoon and we have a a whole day outing!
-It's free!
-It's well kept  -There are fun and affordable activities like the train and the carousal, both are only one dollar.
-There are "rodents of unusual size" there - any Princess Bride Fans out there?
My daughter doesn't get why my husband and I get so excited about these!
And lastly - It's free!
Parking can be a bit tricky, we always op for street parking a few blocks away.
I highly recommend the Henry Vilas zoo for a day outing in the Madison area!

This zoo is terrific for being free.
The only thing that will cost you is a buck a person for the merry go round and the train.
Next door is a very nice park for places for picnicking, relaxing, and a fun area for the kids to play.
The zoo has a lot of attractions, and they will vary according to what time of year you go.
I have found late Spring and early summer have the most attractions.
They have monkeys, giraffes, otters, penguins, lions and tigers and bears, oh my!
There are is something for everyone.
As a previous reviewer said, you could do it in an hour, but I think that would be pushing it some, especially on hot day.
There are plenty of places to sit and get out of the sun.
The only drawback about this place is the parking.
Don't expect to to get right up in front.
You will more than likely have to park somewhere in the nearby neighborhood and hoof it down the hill.
I think this is preferable at times because it can get nuts outside the gates and there is usually several unwatched kids running towards cars.
Overall, a nice place to spend a few hours.
Bring a lunch and enjoy.

While the zoo is cool, this place is all about the park.
With vast green spaces and plenty of room, Henry Vilas Park Zoo offers the ultimate summer afternoon break.
Come here to play some volleyball, or throw a Frisbee around.
Hungry?
How about some mid-afternoon grilling?
Lazy?
Bring a blanket, lay down and enjoy the fresh air.
I didn't have much expectations for the zoo, but was fairly surprised at the amount of cool animals here.
From giant tortoise to alligators, giraffes to tigers, penguins (!!!
) to red pandas, the zoo does a great job packing a lot of content in such a small area.
Got a free weekend?
Come here and unwind!

Very nice free zoo!
The animals are well kept and running around playing!
Free parking also.
Well worth the visit!

This a must place to visit.
For a free entrance and parking zoo is worth visiting.
It's great that you can bring your own food.
There is plenty of room for strollers, wagons etc.
Huge tip, arrive early.
The has a carousel, train rain for kids and a play place.
The zoo is almost at their goal to bring the bears back.
PLEASE DONATE: )

This is a great place to go if you want a change of scenery without having to travel far at all.
A free zoo right in town!
Finally it is getting warm enough to go again.
I love going in the spring, summer and fall seasons.
Despite being a free zoo, the animal exhibits are diverse.
You will get to see tiny frogs and bugs and everything in between to large bears, lions and tigers, and of course the Wisconsin badgers!!
The zoo is clean and well-maintained.
Do note that the polar bear and black bear are no longer on exhibit as they are currently constructing a new Arctic Exhibition area to house these animals.
I don't remember when construction is expected to end, so if you are interested do check with the zoo.
There is a nice play areas for kids, where adults and kids alike can feed the goats and take pictures of them coming up to you.
Lots of green spaces for you to chill out in the sun, grab an ice-cream from the vendors, or simply bring your own food.
There are endless possibilities if you choose to spend a wonderful day out here with your loved ones.

Pretty nice for a free zoo!
I mean, who gets to go to a free zoo?
It looks like there are some great additions and renovations underway.
Madison is lucky to have such a great spot!
And so easy to get to!
(I walked!

I'm from Indianapolis and had never been to anything other than their zoo or the big cat rescue in Indiana.
So keep in mind that everything I say is in comparison to that.
This place is so tiny!
I know it's free, but I just can't get over it!
I don't know what I was expecting when I first went here, but it was so under whelming.
After I put that aside, this place is adorable!
It's so great to just be able to spend a day strolling through here.
Something interesting always happens when I go (which isn't too often).
Last time my boyfriend and I stood there watching the flamingos have tiffs for a good hour.
The place is clean, which is not something I could say for the Indianapolis zoo.
The people are nice and friendly.
I would definitely recommend it for a date or a family outing.
It's really great when you can make it here on a day that's not busy.
I love going here, but it won't satisfy my interest in going to a zoo.
At least Chicago isn't that far away!

Henry Vilas Zoo spoiled me.
Seriously, how can anyone complain against a FREE zoo!?
It's amazing!
Sure, it's not the biggest place, but for its size, the place has a lot to offer!
Penguins, bears, turtles, rhinos, lions, giraffes, and even the adorable red pandas!?
Plus, kids have a giant playground to run around.
Too, there's a beach and large grassy areas right around the place.
I loved coming to the zoo on my off days when I lived in town, and it's one of the things I now miss the most.
Take advantage of it!

What a great place!
I couldn't believe that this zoo was not only FREE but also this big!
I have been to a handful of free zoos and a whole lot of zoos that you must pay to get in to, and the Henry Vilas Park Zoo ranks among the best, paid or non-paid.
They have  a variety of animals and specified exhibits such as the reptile house or the primate habitat.
It really is a cool place to visit.
My niece and nephew had a blast here.
Since it is free to get in, we were worried that everything inside the park would be grossly overpriced, but we were surprised to see that it didn't break the bank.
Especially when you factor in the free admission.
The snacks were reasonably priced, I believe we only spent about 3-4 dollars a person and the gift shop had a lot of educational toys for the kids to enjoy that didn't cost more than $10 or so.
It was a really fun trip and I would recommend anyone going here regardless of your age!

