This place could use a good dusting.
When it first opened everyone was amazed at how "real" the plants and animals look.
Now - they look dusty.
Very, very dusty.
Now I'm guessing it would take even more that a massive dusting to bring back the days of 2 hour long waits and lines to get in the doors (Yes, it was like that for a LONG time) but it sure would help.
I have a friend who loves the food, so I've only been there with a child once (sad I know).
Every other time it's been with all adults.
Yea, it's Disneyland cheesy, but it's also kinda Disneyland cool.
You have to appreciate the work behind some of this stuff.
And remember - it's a theme restaurant.
It's supposed to keep it's theme front and center.
And yea, it can get a little loud.
Especially if the gorilla starts going off on one of his long rants as you're trying to order.
But I've never really had a problem with it in hearing the group or giving our order.
My favorite part honestly is the archway between the restaurant and the gift shop.
It is a giant fish tank.
No animatronic fish here.
Real fish.
And it's pretty freaking cool.
But the star it might gain from that it immediately loses for the prices.
Just like many theme restaurants, they are overcharging you for the food.
Of course they have to cover the costs of maintaining that fish tank and all those animatronic animals.
So while I kinda get it, it's still too much for a regular dinner.
Their gift store is almost another review in itself.
Again, a bit overpriced, but they honestly do have some really cute stuff.
I've gotten a few small things here as gifts over the years for kids who are in that "I love animals" phase of life.
Always a hit.
When your aunt and uncle with kids come into town and want to go somewhere different that the kids will like - You'll get big bonus points for bringing them here.
Other than that, it has a fairly limited audience.
And dear heavens, don't bring anyone who is an OCD cleaner.
They may never leave.

I don't know why you'd come here without kids, unless you were just in town for a short period of time and trying to combine shopping and dinner with an old friend before you head back to the airport.
If you had kids, this would probably be great -- there's plenty to distract them -- animatronic animals and booming thunderstorms and drinks served in blinky rocket glasses.
You could probably even finish your overpriced meal and knock back a drink or two before the critters started actiing up.
You could even purchase a toy at the gift shop on the way in and hope to finish a dessert.
This will only cost you an arm and a leg, standard amusement park pricing.
If you're just 2 ladeez trying to catch up, this is probably not your venue.
There are kids and families all around -- happily, their ruckus won't be too annoying because all you can hear are jungle sounds and thunderstorms.
For a "save the animals" themed place, there sure was a lot of meat on the menu.
The only veggie options were cheez sticks or a veggie burger.
I guess I could've gotten the shrimp pasta sans shrimp, but I balked at the $17 price tag.
I did like sitting next to the enormous fish tank and having them peer at the progress of my dinner.
I was just glad I wasn't eating one of their pals.
I don't think I could've handled the bug-eyed gaping.

Take your money elsewhere, unless you've got kids.
I really try to like this place.
A family member signed me up for the discount card, so I've been going more often, but I just don't love it.
It's simply ok, but the prices are outrageous.
And the sounds and animatronics are a huge distraction from the so-so food.
The cocktails are alright, but, again, the price is not right.
The ony thing fun about the place for an adult is the gift shop and the light-up cocktail glasses (which cost extra.
)  I've seen a lot of happy families in here though, so I bet it's better if you have little ones to bring along.

I would rather be a freegan and dumpster dive then ever swing into the Rainforest Cafe again.
I would rather eat..... ....at the worst Applebee's in America ....vending machine food ....my own flesh  Now, Rainforest could be fun if you were 12 and drunk.
Then the overly fried foods and canned sauces could cure your munchies.
I would have rather had Totino's pizza rolls than the nasty appetizer combo we shared.
The plant and animal filled space could really use the services of Merry Maids.
Really.
How do you clean all that crap?
The rainforest "thunderstorm" is as exciting as the one in the produce section at Safeway.
So if you have kids who like to drink, you might have a good time here.
Otherwise I say stay home and check your trash like a good freegan.

I have two kiddies and they love this place.
I however, am not as excited about it as they are.
The food was so-so and still more expensive than I would've liked.
There's all sorts of "kid traps".
Light-up glasses and an entire gift shop full of more over-priced items.
On the plus side, there's a mechanical crocodile just outside the restaurant.
If your kid is young enough, you can always use that crocodile as collateral .
"If you don't finish your food, that crocodile will get mad".
"If you don't behave that crocodile is going to come over".
You know, things like that which we may or may not have said to our son.
- insert evil grin here-

Its a great place to take the kids, as the environment is very stimulating.
Although I was not too impressed with the selection of foods on the menu.
The seasoning of the food was "exotic", lots of lime and citrus-e- taste ( i guess that would be appropriate given the "rain forest" name ).
It has became a place for my family to go and enjoy a dessert and watch the animal show and the aquariums.
Beware of the enticing gift shop.

As far as gluten-free dining, this restaurant was decent.
There was no special menu, but at least the waitress was knowledgable (she was the bartender in the lounge).
I was able to have a decently tasty meal of chicken breast with toppings (although they left off the bacon topping - not sure why).
They also substituted saled and/or fries with very tasty broccoli.
I wasn't overjoyed at this restaurant, but it was fine.
The service was very quick - we requested a speedy turnaround to get to the airport and they delivered.

No, not a fan at all.
I gave this place two stars just because it kinda reminded me of going to chuck e cheeses with some of my wonderful childhood memories.. A lot of furry creatures moving around making noises and horrible food.
My husband ordered a burger meal, and I ordered some beef wrap.
Like someone said below, Apple bee's is a better bet for this type of bar food.
This place would be rad if you were a little kid, but I will never eat here again..   Oh and the food is way overpriced.
The two of us ate with tip for like $40, they charge you extra for their dry french fries 99cents, and a side salad $3.99.

OK, call me lame, but I actually enjoy this place.
I even go out of my way when I'm at AZ Mills to walk ALL the way around so that I can check it out.
Maybe it gives me just a little bit of that "over the top" VegasISH themed whatever (since I'm not popping for a trip to sin city at the present time), but it's certainly a kid friendly atmosphere.
You can't argue that it doesn't have much competition in the Valley of the Sun (and heat and dust).
So, I've perused the menu and would certainly not go out of my way to eat a meal here based on prior reviews.
I am, however, reviewing it based on my experience with a mid-day cocktail last week which was KILLER.
My partner and I ordered a large (21 ounce) Margarilla which is a frozen Cuervo Gold (I believe) margarita with orange sherbert.
It ROCKED and I had a serious buzz on the way out.
At $10.99 each, it's not cheap, however, the bartender did give us a souvenier glass to take home.
And, I got to sit on a zebra barstool :)

I liked this place, the food was ok, alcoholic beverages were big & tasty!
The atmosphere is loud because it's a very kid friendly place.
I think it is a cool concept for a restaurant but it could be done better        I will probably be going back now that my hubby & I have a toddler I'm sure he will love it.
Overall, if you take the kids & have a drink or two you'll have a great time!

My wife got a kick out of this place when she visited Phoenix for a debate trip in high school and thought we should try it while we were in town.
The lobster dip was great and the wife liked her steak and potatoes just fine.
My chicken & broccoli alfredo was great with an earthy taste added by the walnut pesto.
All in all, a good meal.
The atmosphere is a bit loud, but fun.
And you can always sit at the bar if you're not in the mood for the noise.
I appreciated the spectacle of the whole place, particularly the large aquariums scattered throughout the restaurant.

This place was a laugh!.....in a good way.....we had just ordered when a simulated lighting storm occurred....the lights were flashing, thunder was booming and all of the animatronics were screeching......We just had to try this place as I had never experienced anything like this in Australia....the restaurant came complete with a night sky with twinkling stars, a fog machine around the bar, huge tropical fish tanks and bar stools in the shape of animal rears and feet!.....Our waitress was great.....and the food was good.....we did not expect 5 star dining as clearly this is the last place you would go if you were feeling 5 star....it is essentially for children but we had fun as we still have a lot of child in us.
My husband had the coconut shrimp which was actually very good and I had the English style fish and chips which I have to say was not very English but the fish was very tasty.
Great for a casual bite and to entertain the children......not sure if you want to take very young young children here though as it can get quite noisy and some of the very young ones looked quite concerned!

The food was disgusting and made me sick.
The waitress had an attitude and looked like she'd rather be anywhere but there.
I will never eat there again.
Not worth it.
The atmosphere was OK, you get over it after 5 minutes.
I just wanted to leave.
Plus the food is way overpriced.
I would be happier eating a frozen dinner.

Average.
This experience was not better or worse than my last Rainforest Cafe moment.
The aquarium was nice; but the speakers for the thunder effects were way too loud and often interrupted, not complimented the experience.
Our server made four visits including to collect the check.
They were clearly understaffed on this Saturday night.
The food quality was again, average.
Overall the atmosphere was alive & well, but not as epic as a RF experience should be.
Love the other review that equated the thunderstorm experience to a Safeway produce section.
So true!

This is a cheap trip to Disneyland .
And like Disneyland, this is one of those places that everyone should see at least once as entertainment.
But certainly not for the food.
It's entertainment disguised as a restaurant.
Nifty fish and fish tanks,  mechanical animals that are better the Chuck-E-Cheese, cool rain and thunderstorms (way better than the produce section at my Safeway),  and booze to calm the soul as you know that you and your wallet are being shaken down.
The kids smile; you smile.
Mediocre to bad food that is WAY too expensive, but the kids love it.
Fortunately the kids outgrow this and quit asking to go so we all get to move on to better eats at a better price.

food was good and the portions were large good place overall but probably would have been better with kids.
good place thanks

We took the kids and great-grandma to the Rainforest Cafe after the Arizona Sea Life Aquarium.
The restaurant is fantastically decorated and has a great gift shop.
We signed up for the Safari Club card, it cost $10.00 for lifetime membership and we saved that on the gift shop and our meal, then we'll get a $10.00 gift certificate to use on our next visit.
The food was just average, nothing to write home about, but the decor was worth it!
The kids and I really enjoyed the animatronic animals, the inside rain, waterfall and lightning strikes and thunder.
Our services was average.
It was really nice that grandma's wheel chair fit nicely under the table and was comfortable.
We really enjoyed the total experience.

Rainforest Cafe is unlike any other dining experience that I have ever had.
It is a fun place to go when you are looking for an exciting night out, especially with families.
Personally, most of the menu doesn't interest me but their hamburgers are really pretty awesome.
Wish they had more locations in AZ.
Their location in Anaheim at Downtown Disney is way better of course :)

I found the Rainforest Store to be very disappointing.
I went in there with one goal: buy a mechanical parrot.
Man, they make the mechanized parrot purchasing experience a nightmare.
Aside from the fact that the roof leaks and you're constantly in danger of being electrocuted, none of the staff seem at all versed in the features or options of the parrots.
Are the roosts sold separately?
How much for the whole tree?
Can my parrot be "taught" new bawdy phrases to delight my friends?
And when you press them on the issue, they try to divert your attention away from your seemingly simple mission by plying you with alcohol and the shittiest microwaved snacks you can imagine.
I mean, it seems like a nice gesture to give you something to nibble on while you wait for a Senior Parrot Specialist to come to your assistance and close the sale; but in the end you just end up wet, hammered, food poisoned and parrotless.
[ UPDATE: When checking my online banking later, I noticed they charged me for the food and drinks!
I thought it was complimentary and they just wanted my credit card to put down a deposit on my birdie.
What a racket.

I would give it less if I could.
I have been here once before about 6 or 7 years ago.
At that time I thought I wouldn't be back, it was dirty and smelt weird and the food wasn't good.
Well a long time has passed and we went for a friends birthday.
We ordered apps and waited for a while for those.
They where decent not great but decent.
Next comes the food.
The waiter sets the food in front of me and on my plate of chicken parm there is a plastic bag with pasta and sauce in it.
The bag is marked Sunday and it was Wednesday.
I looked at it, laughed a little to myself then pointed it out to the rest of the table.
We flagged down the waiter and showed him the plate.
He took it back grumbled something and walked away with it.
Came back out 2 minutes later with the pasta dumped out of the bag onto my plate.
Being it was my friends birthday I didn't want to complain too much so I ate some of my chicken and didn't touch the pasta (in hind sight I shouldn't have eaten anything).
My husband wasn't happy with what happened and flagged down the waiter on my behalf to ask him how old the pasta was.
We wanted to know if it was good until Sunday or was it made on Sunday and are now serving it on Wednesday.
The waiter started talking about him being and pharmacy tech or something like that and didn't answer the question.
So my husband asked to talk to the manager.
The Manager comes back to the table about 15 minutes after we asked to talk to him and after everyone else is done eating.
He came up defensive and making excuses about company policy.
They make pasta 2 times a week and portion it in little bags add sauce and microwave.
It isn't like I expect to have great fresh food at a place like Rainforest Cafe but pasta 4 days old?
It isn't like it is hard to cook or takes a long time.
Needless to say I will never ever go to the restaurant again.
I am glad what I did eat didn't make me sick.
After my experience I checked the board of health sight and it is scary!!
http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=businessResultsDrillDown&mc_perm_id=51696&business=RAINFOREST%20CAFE&address=5000%20%20%20ARIZONA%20MILLS%20CIR&permitid=SG31025    Think  twice before going to this place.

We ate here for the first time a few weeks ago and it was really good.
The appetizers were good, the food was good, and the service was good.
Kids loved the decorations and all the theatrics.
We had a great time.

really convenient when you are starving after hours of shopping.
the decor is great.
its a great restaurant for kids because there is so much to look at.
it is a bit loud though making it hard to talk to whoever you are with.
the food is good.
the fries were amazing!
i love that they were thinly cut.
service was good.
they even have a little gift shop too.
it was like being at disneyland.

I ordered the Paella here and it was drenched in oil.
That dish sat in my belly and damn near immobilized me.
My kids like it in there.
My wallet doesn't.
All that stuff they've got going on in there is merely to distract you from the awful food they serve.

HORRIBLE!
Nothing on the menu under $10.
Nothing on the menu worth $3!
Cobb Salad = $12.99 Salad drenched in dressing.
A puddle formed at the bottom of the plate.
It could have saturated an entire roll of Brawny Paper towels!
Iced Tea $2.69!
WOW.
Wife had Turkey wrap, inedible as well.
Thunder and lightning not fun for kids under 5.
Overall Review.
SUPER overpriced.
Horrible food.
WIll NEVER go back.

Got drawn into this place mainly because I was hungry from walking around the mall and I don't recall seeing a place like this in Cali.
Being the tourist who likes to eat at places not offered from the home state, I dragged the BF in here.
The decor/atmosphere is pretty neat.
While standing in line to get a table for lunch, you might as well enjoy the fish tanks of real fish and amuse yourself with the gift shop.
I'd have to be honest, this is not a place for good eats--pretty average menu items with above average price tags.
Didn't need any kids to amuse since we humor ourselves.
+ Can be fun to thrill the kiddos--thunder/lightning & "rain in a forest" (hence the name) coupled with "animated" animals - Overly priced average food

Really neat scene for a resteraunt but everything is is separate on the menu so fries will cost you extra with the very expensive on tray.
Foods so so but not worth what you pay for it.

The food tastes good but the portions are small and the plates are expensive.
The atmosphere is "cute".
If you have kids it is hard to guess if they would like it or hate it.
(I've seen some kids get excited and others become frightened.
)  I've eaten at the Phoenix and Las Vegas locations.
Although I think the Phoenix location is more professional, the staff always seems lost or confused.... honestly, I could take it or leave it.

Chicken fried chicken almost gave me a stroke because it was so salty.
Bad service and poor management.

This is a great place to take children.
Large aquariums stocked with big colorful fish are everywhere.
A really big fountain inside the restaurant adds to the ambiance as does all the moving animal displays and the whole feeling of being inside of an actual rainforest.
There are even thunder and lightning along with shooting stars.
The food is good enough and the service is adequate.

First and foremost, for all the people saying this place is "Great for kids" and "Definitely a kid friendly environment" I have to completely DISAGREE with those statements.
Everything looks as if it would be kid friendly, the moving animals, the talking tree, pretty fish tanks, shooting star sky, monkeys swinging from trees, etc.
NO.
NO NO NO NO NO.
Do NOT bring your kids here.
I don't know how many times i've been here, but every time someone brings their kids here, they let their kids walk around the whole restaurant because their kid can't sit still.
I also don't know what the waiters/tresses are thinking putting people with kids next to the aquarium, banging on the glass like that.
For the parents who let their kids slam their head against the glass, SHAME ON YOU.
Shame shame!
Also, out of the many kids that do come to this place (let's say we have 10 kids in the restaurant as we speak) at least 2 of them sit there and stare in Awe, when the lightning/thunderstorm goes off, while the other 8 cry their heads off.
Sure, loud noises tend to make kids cry, it's a natural reaction.
How can we fix this problem?
Don't bring kids to this restaurant!
Plain and simple.
However, if you are a couple of love birds, or just want to go somewhere cute with your husband/wife boyfriend/girlfriend, this place is great to go when it's not so crowded.
I personally LOVE the atmosphere, and everything about it.
What I don't love is the high prices.
As someone else said, how they get away with these prices is beyond me...If my fiance' and I went with just ourselves (2 people) and got 1 meal each and a drink, it would most likely come out to about 40 bucks.
Basically, 20 dollars a plate if you want to round it up.
One time we went, and we ordered an appetizer and it (no joke) took us about an hour to get the appetizer.
Our food got cooked before the appetizers were done.
This kind of ticked us off, however, the lady was really, really nice and talked to the manager, and he told her to waive the price of the appetizer off the bill.
She explained to us and kept apologizing, saying that they had so many people and not enough cooks that day so they were taking it off the bill since we didn't get to eat the appetizer before the meal.
We gave her an extra tip for being such a nice lady and doing that.
Even after me complaining about little bratty children and their "i just don't care" parents, I have to say this place is such a wonderful place to go to if you just want to order a drink and enjoy a fake Thunderstorm.
I'm sure the waiters and waitresses probably get mad at us, but everytime my fiance, my friend and I visit The Arizona Mills Mall, we have to stop in at the rainforest cafe to order an ice tea, just so we can sit and chat and listen to the thunderstorm.
Luckily for us, we usually get seated right under the sky.
My favorite part of the whole Restaurant.
OH, and one more thing.
If they ever try seating you in one of the booths in the back that are big and rounded, don't do it if you're a bigger built person.
You will have a hard time squeezing in, an uncomfortable meal, and a hard time getting out.
I'm not a big girl, and it was even somewhat snug for me to sit back in those booths.
I could only imagine how someone bigger than me would feel.
Definitely need to make the booths have more room.
4/5 stars, If there weren't so many kids at this place, I'd have given it a 10 if I could.
Crying kids with parents who don't care about their crying kids tend to always ruin restaurant atmosphere, peace, and tranquility for me.

This atmosphere is great.
The dake rain huge fish tanks woldlife all around.
Really beautiful.
Service is a little slow cause its always busy.
Great place to take the kids though.
There smoothie I had was good.
There food is fecent a little pricy for the quality of food but still a fun place to go.

I don't go to the Rainforest Cafe for me, I do it for the kids.
They love it there.
We went there for a little trip to get out of the house for the day ( and If we are out of the house it also means I can't start the painting project I am supposed to do and it will have to wait until next weekend).
Anyway, We get there and the hostess tried to put us right next to the door so we asked for another table.
They put us next to an aquarium which was good for me because the kids left me alone, but bad for the fish because the didn't leave them alone.
I got a hamburger with guacamole.
the wife had an appetizer.
the boy had two mini hot dogs and the girl had a pizza.
the kids meals were the right size for them and my hamburger was pretty good.

Terrible and overpriced!!
Had to ask three people for a spoon, ketchup, and nobody came back.
Ordered a chopped salad...halfway through it, sans dressing because it was awful, I realized the chicken that seemed extra soft, had blood thT squished out of it when poked w fork.
Told waiter, And his First response was ...let me go ask the chef about this!!!
Elbe returned with my bloody chicken salad an place it down in front of me, informing me that he'd seen chicken do that at other restaurants in town, and the chef said it was fine to eat!
Ummm WTF kind of morons do they hire????
He even charged us for the thing!!!
I complained to manager and handed complaint cArd to him...and said we were not retiring!
What a disappointment!

Service was great.
Food is crap.
I'm pretty sure everything is taken out of the freezer and cooked in the microwave.

I thought I was going there for the kids fun and for good food...and I was right!
Yes it looks fun, yes it's great atmosphere, yes there's much to see, yes...yes... yes...  now!
food-wise...
I was amazed to have good food.
I had Chicken Alfredo and It was just right!
huge portion and what kick it up a notch was the HOT ROSEMARY FOCACIA BREAD!
we all won!
kids had fun and mom had good food.
I will come again for a special occasion since it is a bit pricey - I must say The end :)

I had never been to Rainforest Cafe and I'm glad that I got to try it because I love trying things at least once; however, this will also be my last time going there.
We'll start from the beginning:   The atmosphere was nice for the "jungle" but it was so loud that I could not hear my wife talking to me.
I felt that I had to scream at her to talk.
Our waitress was nice but didn't check on us often.
We barely understood her either because she speak loud enough.
We got our drinks (ten mins later) and my iced tea was good but my wife's chocolate shake was gross.
Too much chocolate syrup and it was expensive!!
We sent it back so she could get water another 10 mins later.
Food delivery was quick and my burger was pretty good but it was plain and $12!!
Jeez, so expensive for something so plain!!!
I got onion rings for an extra few dollars (they were okay but worth the extra few $$$).
My wife got an extra plate of fries and they were a few bucks but they didn't give her more than ten!
I like the atmosphere of the restaurant and the theme but they are completely over priced!!!!
Not worth it at all!
The food was mediocre but left me sick that night.
Not as amazing as I thought it would be after seeing it many times in Vegas...

Rainforest Cafe is a dream for kids and adults alike!
The store outside the dining area is full of cool toys and stuffed animals and the aquarium pillar is absolutely stunning.
The bar is incredible as well!
Seeing the fish swim around is fascinating (as well as a good distraction for the children).
If you're willing to lay down some serious money, this place is great.

Overpriced for what it is.
The atmosphere is great, which is why it still gets three stars.
The food is so-so at best.

This restaurant is more for entertainment than for grub.
I brought my four year old niece here after the Sea Life aquarium for more fun entertainment while attempting to get her to eat some lunch.
It was pretty empty and thus the hostess let us choose wherever we wanted to sit.
I asked for the best locale with the most animation and she sat us next to the elephants.
Once my niece's high pitched scream of "elephants, look at the elephants, Tasia, look at the elephants.
No, look there.
There's the elephants" stopped we were able to sit down and take a peek at the menu.
The restaurant offers a wide variety from a Chinese chicken salad to coconut shrimp, to a few different cuts of beef.
I opted for a side Caesar salad (minus the Caesar dressing) with a raspberry vinaigrette dressing that left the romaine lettuce looking for croutons to used as life preservers.
The only plus to the side salad  was that it did come with a very scrumptious rosemary infused roll.
I also split a burger with my mom that was okay.
The cook did a good job getting my medium temperature request right, but the burger just lacked flavor.
The burger usually comes with chips but we opted for  "safari fries" which again, were okay.
I guess being sprinkled with Old Bay flavoring qualities for the "safari" title.
My niece got the Mac n Cheese that she devoured pretty quickly which is rare.
My suspicion leads to the fact that she just wanted to run around the restaurant and look at the other animatronic animals as opposed to it being outstanding Mac n Cheese.
The atmosphere is pretty rad.
They really do a good job with the rainforest theme.
There are misters over certain parts of the restaurant (not directly over patrons), sparkling twinkling lights on the ceiling, a few fish tanks and many animatronic animals: elephants, apes, a cheetah, and an alligator when you first walk in.
Every so often (maybe ever 30 mins?
) there is a "storm".
The lights dim and flash and the sound system plays thunder while all the animals make noises.
It's definitely a great place to bring kids and definitely not a quiet restaurant.
Based on the food, I'd give it a 3 star rating maybe 2.5, but the atmosphere deserves a 5 for what it successfully accomplishes.
I also like the fact that they have a donation pond when you leave (or enter, but I missed that going in) to through loose change into.
That is where the animatronic alligator is located and it's fun to try and get the change in his mouth when he opens it.

You know, it would be awesome if the food selection was as good as the decor.
This place isn't that great.
If you have kids, its  worth checking out, but other than that... ehh.. go elsewhere.

Hmmm, always the same food at every location but the staff here was lagging and if they had been more attentive i would have ordered a volcano for dessert...

Um.
Not so much.
If you like a kitschy atmosphere and overpriced food that's not so great than maybe this place is for you.
I suppose it's worth visiting at least once just to see the decor, but if you want a quality meal....yeah.
No.
I had the Cobb salad which was not a wedge of lettuce, but mixed greens with iceberg.
The bacon was bacon bits.
I don't recall blue cheese so the amount was minuscule.
There was about a whole bottle of balsamic on it.
The egg was crumbled.
Anyway, kids would probably like the place....I will say the service was good.

Took my son here in 2008 after visiting one myself on a business trip in Kent, WA.
I knew he would go crazy in there and it was fun to see him so excited.
If you have kids this is a great place to take them to enjoy the sights and sounds of being in a tropical rainforest.
The food was not bad for the price.
I had the coconut shrimp and I couldn't complain.
The service was good and quick.
Like most folks say this is a place to go for the atmosphere alone.
Alot of greenery everywhere, mechanical animals, aquariums, dim lighting, and very misty.
I look forward to going there again because there is no place like this in San Diego.

The only reason to come here is for the scenery.
It's always nice to sit right next to an aquarium, but it's a little overpriced for food that isn't anything special.

This was our 4th rainforest cafe we have visited.
My son picked it for his 5th birthday dinner, worst rainforest expierence ever!
Our waitress was very rude, our order was incorrect twice, and she kept making it worse, by screwing it up more, I didn't realize a plain cheeseburger was so hard!
For a $200 bill I didn't realize we would have to beg so much for re-fills and correct food.
My son enjoyed it, and at the end of the day that was what was important, however next year I'll talk him into something else!

I knew I didn't want to eat there when my family said they wanted to...
Took forever to get our meal and 2 of us ordered medium rare.
when they came out the were well ,,, told the Mgr and he didnt to a thing about it,,, Fries were cold

I took my 3 yr old son here on Monday since we were in the area and wanted to take him some place fun.
I've been to the rain forest cafe in the past so I knew what to expect.
First its Monday afternoon at 1 pm.
Not busy but for some reason I had to stand and wait 10 minutes for the hostess to seat my son and I next to the rest rooms, best table in the house.
My son is a picky eater he chooses the mini cheese burgers and I'm not feeling that hungry so I chose the hot wings appetizer.
When ordering the wings I ask the waitress if the wings are they a mild flavor or hot.
She didn't know hmmm ok.
I like spicy food so won't bother me.
Food arrived rather quickly, the wings over battered and soggy.
Seriously after biting into the 3rd Wing I almost sent it back, but didn't want to cause a fuss in front of my son.
My son's mini cheeseburgers were actually full size cheese burgers, way too big for a 3 yr old.
So I guess the portion size for the kids menu is good.
I tried my sons min cheese burger, I can honestly say I know good cheeseburgers and I know when restaurants use frozen patties and this was a frozen patty, no flavor.
I didn't come to Rain Forest Café expecting good food and I didn't receive any.
I do like the atmosphere and my son really enjoyed it.
My suggestion to Rain Forest Café improve food quality and pricing.
Food way over priced for the quality.

I saw all the negative comments and had regretted getting a gift card before I even went.
But I was pleasantly surprised.
We went on a Saturday night and the place was all ours.
All the animatronic animals were up and running.
I love the jungle decor.
I just have one question: Why is there a Art Deco statue of Atlas holding up a neon-lit world in a primal waterfall??
Our server was friendly but I did have to flag him down for a refill of my drink.
(That's always a sign of attentiveness--whether or not you have to ask for refills.
)  I had the Pot Roast ($18) which was rich and savory.
The beef melted in my mouth.
The stew veggies were tender/crisp.
The garlic masked potatoes were comforting.
I ate the whole thing.
My wife got the Mojo Bones half rack ribs ($17) which fell off the bones and was very flavorful with crisp edges.
Both meals were piping hot with not long of a wait.
Yeah.
They were a bit pricey.
But you're paying for the atmosphere.
Overall good experience and I will come back.

Drinks were really weak, food took forever to get here, wasnt even that busy, kids runnin around everywhere.
Unclean dishes.... Never coming back...  For a touristy place I guess I should of expected this, but for the prices they were asking for...
I expected better.

Very exciting place for everyone to try and experience, but the kids really love it.
My little one had a great time.
We got there about 5 pm for an early dinner and it was not as crowded as usual.
The service was great and the food was once again amazing.
I went with a turkey wrap, which was very good.
I have tried many things there and everything is always great.
If you get a chance TRY the clam chowder.
EXCELLENT!!
I would go back just for the soup.
We also ordered the mushroom raviolis, which were also amazing and a must try,  I was upset I was not the one that ordered them.
All in all I cannot say one bad thing about Rainforest Cafe.
Final portion of the night that basically made our experience over the top was the fact that our waitress continued checking on our meal.
From what the manager told us and I failed to realize because we were having such a good time enjoying the scenery, was that our food was about ten minutes later then it was suppose to be.
The manager came out and apologized without us even knowing why and discounted our meal.
I would have been happy with him just letting us know that it is running a little late, but the over the top service and extra mile effort was fantastic.
I must have caught them on a great day from some of the reviews I have read.
5 stars for sure and a must Yelp!

I took my niece and nephew here for dinner.
Thank goodness for places like this, the robot animals and storm that happens every now and then really kept them entertained.
The food wasn't amazing, but it was good enough for a theme chain place.
They actually have some pretty good drinks for adults too.
The service was a little slow, but I couldn't complain too much since the atmosphere was really keeping the kids happy and fascinated - giving us time to talk and actually eat.
Of course you end up spending money in the gift shop, but I think it really gives kids an experience that they enjoy and they have enough choices on the menu that you don't feel like you are sacrificing too much.
This location is inside the mall, so parking can be a bear if you aren't planning to visit the mall as well as the cafe.

Wow, does somebody have a personal vendetta against the Rainforest Café or what?
After seeing many negative reviews, I really must compliment them.
I love them.
I don't have much money in this crappy economical climate or I'd go again for my birthday.
I've been here many many times.
Why do I love coming here?
Partly the atmosphere.
I love the animatronics.
It gets loud and dark when the lightning starts but it only lasts one minute.
A little more light would be good.
I love the fishtanks.
(On one trip, I saw a dead fish sunk at the bottom.
) I've never shopped in the store part because it's all cheesy, kid's stuff.
I also love the food.
The best thing and best deal on the menu would be the sampler plate with ribs, fish, shrimp and nachos.
Their spinach dip is addictive.
Split it with someone you love.
Their alcoholic drinks are good.
All their desserts are good.
They're priced well at $4 each.
I've never waited long for seating or service.
My husband and I don't have kids.
Some parents let their kids run around and some don't.
This place is either packed or quiet.
It's good for a date.
People are saying the environment is touristy.
That's not a bad thing.
My cousin from Germany says that it reminds her of Disneyland on account of the animatronics.
I take it as a compliment.

Messy set up- thought I was in line to be seated... no I was in line for the baby stroller drop off.
After getting out of that clearly unmarked line I stepped into the actual wait to be seated line.
The waiters and waitresses were dressed in safari gear which fit with the rain forest theme.
The restaurant is dimmed  so you can see the small star display on the ceiling and the trees are lit up with fish tanks randomly placed around the interior.
Personally I thought the menu was very over priced for the generic food that was served.
I tried to play it safe with a cheese burger and chips and that ended up to be $15.00.
Burger was dry and the bun was greasy.
The chips were tasty though kettle cooked.
I had my hopes on going to this establishment but I just wasn't pleased.
I think more exotic food items and semi lower prices or even a happy hour sort or menu would be a great idea.

This is only good to go to if you have kids.
Food is overpriced and they sure like to add too much pepper and believe its called flavor.
Only good thing is the atmosphere.

I give it a 2.
My kids give it a 4.
The food is passable, but I agree with all the other reviewers in that it's a theme park mentality...you're paying for atmosphere.
Been to the AZ Mall location a few times and I concur with my fellow yelpers on the "slacking service".
Last night we were a party of 8 for my son's birthday and the service was no exception to this...but!
No one had to send their food back and my sons left happy.
That's good enough for me and I think that's all the management shoots for as well.

Definitely paying for the atmosphere at this place.
I figured with all of the cool decor the menu would be a little more creative and expansive but I was sorely disappointed.
I thought something was up too when we were there on a Saturday afternoon over Memorial weekend and the place was pretty much dead.
The artichoke/spinach dip was pathetic, and actually tasted like they put a lot of pepper (ew!
) into it, and the chips were stale.
I asked for a medium rare steak, and it came out damn near mooing and running around the plate as well as smelled funny (my son ate most of his as we split the plate before I got to mine so I couldn't send it back).
I will say that the ribs were good though.
Food quality was NOT worth the price I paid for the food.
I paid $2.99 for a LEMONADE!
UGH!
Lunch for 2 - about $50 out the door tip included.
We got seated next to the large fountain, which at first I though was cool, and then I realized that my son and I could not have a conversation, and I was getting damp from the mist.
It is sooooo louuuuddddd in there!
If you are looking for somewhere to have a conversation this is NOT it!
Of course I got the usual crappy service after I told the server that we were going to split a plate (restaurant portions are too big,  so we always do this.
)  Will not return.

Definitely paying for the atmosphere at this place not so much for the food.
Fun and cool place for kids.
The only food I like here is the giant lava cake.
I had Rainforest Cafe at the MGM in Las Vegas and remembered how good it was but food here is overpriced and bland.

Don't go here for the food or service.
Food is outrageously expensive, small portions, no seasoning.
You don't have to actually eat in the restaurant to see all the attractions.
If you have kids, take them here, walk them around and then leave and go eat somewhere else.
$68 for 2 adults and 2 kids (no drinks or dessert and one less expensive kids meal) is crazy.
My fish tacos had one tiny piece of fish and tons of cabbage.
Bland, bland, bland.
Will never eat here again.

FOOD- DECENT CUSTOMER SERVICE- HORRENDOUS  The worst restaurant experience we've ever had.
We've been to Rainforest Cafe before.
We did'nt think the service was going to be this deplorable.
We ordered an appetizer that never came until we finally flagged down the floor manager 50 minutes later.
That's after he passed by our table several times as we sat with empty plates, no food, and with two hungry chilldren.
We were told the appetizers were never entered into the system.
The manager removed the appetizer from our bill.
After staring at empty glasses for an addtional 30 minutes, the waitress finaly arrived and asked if we were ready for dessert.
We asked for the bill.
After finaly filling up my wife's iced tea, upon request, she then spilled the entire glass into my wife's expensive purse.
(purchased just 1 month ago).
She then began wiping off my son's comic book,instead of the purse, as my wife pulled out her cell phone which was completely submerged in iced tea.
She said sorry and then gave my wife her rag so she could try and dry off her own purse.
We were then given the bill, which we paid, and left in disgust.
We immediately tried the phone and discovered it was ruined and not operational.
We went back and explained the situtaion to the manager who returned our money and reffered us to the district manager.
He in turn reffered us to corporate.
3 days later we finally recieved a phone call from Emily who stated we had to send them the old phone and they would only reimburse us for its original value.
We explained the phone is discontinued as cell phones typicaly are in a matter of months and we could replace it for much cheaper as she was due for an upgrade through our carrier.
Emily insisted the new phone was not her concern, only the replacement of the original phone.
It was also not a concern to her we were not seeking to have the purse replaced or cleaned just the phone.
One of the worst customer service experiences we've ever had.
Very minimal attempts to rectify a bad situation brought upon their own staff.

I really liked the atmosphere especially for kids!
The food was actually really good!
I got the spinach app and a salad!
I do agree with everyone else on yelp the service was lacking it was super slow!

I have been here way too many times but I am officially done giving them chances.
So frustrating that this place doesn't step it up!
It is pretty much an overpriced bar.
They have a large selection of just mediocre bar food.
I love the concept and it's tons of fun for kids.
But I can't bring myself to go here again because I can't bare the food.
They have no healthy options on their kids menu and it's not much better on the regular menu.
I consider this place a kid-friendly restaurant due to the atmosphere and concept.
But the service is way too slow!
The number one thing that I look for when bringing kids out to eat is fast service.
It's no secret that kids have no patience for waiting 15+ minutes for a check.
And happy kids equal happy customers.
Crying and winy kids equal annoyed and unhappy customers.
So speed it up at least please!

All I can say about this place is save your money!!!
If you are looking for ambiance and terrible food, this is the place.
I have waited a long time to try a Rainforest Cafe and I was really disappointed!
The food around us did not look appealing so we ordered the appetizer platter.
The artichoke spinach dip was so thick and overcooked that the chips kept breaking.
The mozzarella sticks were overcooked and the cheese was rubbery.
The chicken egg roll things were awful and had some kind of funky sauce.
The chicken tenders were probably the most edible thing on the plate.
I still think for $15.99 this appetizer plater was not a deal!
We had also called and made a reservation for a booth by the waterfall and of course when we got there there were no booths left!
So don't waste your time with reservations!
I really would like to say something nice about the place but between the food and service, I won't be back!

Horrible food.
Expensive.
Bad service which is surprising since there's 100 servers milling around.
Our order was simple - appetizer platter and side of fries.
Fries came out with someone else's order which they tried to give us.
They left the fries and 20 minutes later the rest of our order showed up.
I hate this place which is too bad because I like the idea of it and the potential.
But it always disappoints.

Came here on a sat afternoon and there was a decent line, so we sat in the bar area.
Took a bit for the server to come over, but he was friendly.
Ordered the food and that took awhile to come out also.
I got the nachos and was very underwhelmed by them.
A friend got the pastalaya and wasn't happy with it either.
Pretty sure I won't be coming back here for a long while.
And I forgot to mention the prices.
Ouch.

Great for kids.
But as a women in my twenties, I like to hear the person sitting next to me, not a mechanical monkey or faux rainstorm.
Food is a little pricey.
Everyone I have gone it takes forever to Recieve my food.
I love the giant fish tanks.
Fun unique dining experience, I guess I grew out of it.

I'm kicking myself for not checking the reviews before going to the Rainforest Cafe.
I thought it'd be a fun place to eat before I took my friend back to the airport to catch her flight.
We were seated quickly, which was nice.
But one look at the menu and I was already seeing a red flag.
$13 for a chicken sandwich!
A chicken sandwich!
Clearly I was playing for the atmosphere.
I finally decided on a pasta dish that the waitress recommended.
The place was pretty loud... and pretty dirty.
Trash was all over the floor.
Who knows?
Maybe they had just had a lunch rush before we got there?
Either way I was not impressed.
My food came out in reasonable time, and it did look good.
I wish I could remember what it was called, because I was not impressed by the flavor.
At all.
The only edible part was the sausage that came with it.
I finally got the nerve to tell the manager that it was terrible and sent the dish back to the kitchen.
He offered to make me something else, but by that time my friend needed to go back to the airport.
The only good thing is they didn't make me pay for it.
My friend says the chicken sandwich was okay, but I will never take a friend back there again.
Or myself.
If you're looking for a rainforest like place that uses mechanical animals to entertain/scare the children, go ahead and try it out, but If you're looking for a good meal I suggest finding some place else.

I wish I read the reviews before we went.
It is overpriced, mediocre food.
I got a "wrap" that was institutionalized and tasteless.
Server didn't even notice when he removed the 3/4 of the uneaten thing from me.
We weren't offered boxes for the kid's food.
The drinks were OK but not good enough to get me to go back.
Side note - I find it ironic that a place that is built for kids goes and scares the crap out of them every 20 minutes with a thunder storm.
I think my kid is scared for life.
$100 for lunch.
Jeez.

As expensive as this place is, the food was mediocre.
2 stars on the food, 3 stars for the service.
I got the Rainforest Burger with cheese and it was something that I could make and I have never made a burger in my life.
Flimsy on the fries, too.
Hubby got the turkey wrap with tomato basil soup.
The soup tasted like marinara sauce and the hubby said he was glad the waiter got his order wrong by only giving him half the turkey wrap.
He's usually easy to please.
My daughter barely had 2 bites of her mac/cheese.
Frame of reference: she devours the mac/cheese at Paradise Bakery  On the up side my daughter was entertained with all the sights and sounds.
The decor and ambience is fun for kids.
She really enjoyed the "experience" but I don't think we'd ever come here again.
Our meal ended up being $49 but that's with 15% gratuity and two drinks, too.
Pricey for a mediocre meal.
Come here for the ambience but don't expect much from the quality of food.
Meh, I've had better.
I really should've given this place 2 stars but I'm feeling generous today.

Service is alright, food is nothing special but not gonna lie I love going here every once in a while with my little sister because it is just so unique!
The place is decorated like an actual rainforest with fake thunderstorms, big moving animals, and gorgeous fish tanks!
Not to mention the fun gift shop!
So no, I wouldn't go here if I was looking for a high end meal, but yes I go here to spend quality time with my sister (I'd even go here with my boyfriend for a date one night) in a fun, kid friendly enviroment.
We love it!

This review is for the bar service.
While waiting for a movie we wanted to grab a drink 20 minutes before the mall closed.
We stopped by Garcia's and the bartender was so rude, we went over to Rainforest.
The bartender was friendly, fast, and even made a custom drink within 20 minutes.
Drinks were good and we were happy!

This place is so overpriced it isn't funny!
The food is sub par, the Rainforest noises are too loud.
There are kids running all over the place and the service sucked!

WAY OVERPRICED!
Went to dinner last night here and was shocked at the prices!
$9 for 8 cheese sticks!!
Our daughter ordered a slushy and we were shocked to find out they were $4 A PIECE and they kept asking her if she wanted a refill!
We won't be back till they lower their prices.
Food wasn't even that great!

Food was decent, as was staff.
Nothing really noteworthy.
Same as every other rainforest cafe.

They seriously have THE coolest set up & ambiance- but it ends there.
Food is overpriced.
Hardly any healthy options.
Servers were overloaded so it took forever to get anything.

The service here is so slow I'm not hungry any more.
I won't be back any time soon.
For what they offer I'd rather go eat at a Village Inn No one even came by to let us know there was a problem.

Ok i would totally give it 5 stars but its not worth 5 stars and i will say why.
1. its way over priced, but the sizes were pretty good for adult servings.
2. i was really on the fence about trying it because of some of the reviews on here and other websites.
our server was a tad slow but again we came on a Saturday at lunch time so its a given that it will be busy.
the food was good, what i don't understand is why does it take 3-4 people to bring your food out i mean come on whats the point of a waitress if she cant handle a table of 6. the lighting was a wee bit on the dark side.
over all its only a one time deal only once a year.
what ticks me off is that they have a kids menu but then they turn around and charge you extra for fries, when it states it comes with a choice of your side.
same goes for adult meals.
i was like WTF really charge 1.50 for a few measles fries, really ticked me off.
then at the bottom of the kids menu it says that they can get a water bottle but they don't tell you it cost 8 dollars!
good thing i asked about them.
i think they really screw people on the price and hide the fact they charge extra for fries or any of that on their menu, because when ordering they then tell you oh that's extra, grrrr, very poor business practice on their part, such a same because it could really be a good place if it wasn't for all the hidden fees and charges on stuff.
3 noise level was moderate to loud, it got loud when the animals were going off and thunder and all that, other then that a dark cramped seating area all the way around, we got seated next to a huge family in more ways then one, and they wouldn't even move an inch so we had to move and pull our tables so our lil kids could sit in the chairs.
4. my daughters "dino" shaped nuggets are the same ones i can buy a big bag for the same price i got stiffed with.
there were some deals in the gift shop and then even there they try to get you to sign up for their rewards thing, yeah right like I'm going to be back anytime soon.
I don't know i didn't have high expcations for the place so im trying not to get overly depressed on the 90 bucks i had to pay for 3 kids and 3 adults..........sigh the things we do for our kids!

This was much more than a restaurant.
This was one visual stimulation after another.
Each time you be ready to look on, some type of noise would intrigue you to see What's Next.
Elephants, Monkeys & Fish; Oh My.
The service was feiendky and informative.
The food was an 8.
All in all, I'm definately coming back.

The food portions were large and I couldn't complain about the quality!
The atmosphere is always fun with the occasional rain storms and animals that move and make noises.
My son had a great time.
The food is kinda pricey but it is a fun place to go once and a while.

It's over rated.
Thought my daughter would get a kick out of the place but she was over it as fast as we got there.

Great atmosphere but that is it, food is poor, service was poor until they found out we were Landry card holders.

OK, my daughter has been asking to go here forever, so for her 11th birthday we took her.
I have not been since 2006 at the Mall of America in MN, and previously in Florida.
I knew it would be overpriced, but it was so much worse than that.
First of all, there was not enough barrier between the seating and the mall, and as I watched the dusty animatronics I could see the shoppers strolling by.
The vines were so dusty, and have off the animation was not working right.
The rain used to seem so much more intense.
Next the food.
First - bring your own water - every drink tasted like sanitizer!!!!
We had the waitress rinse the glasses and bring more and it was better, but than the refills tasted like a band aid again.
Next, some of the portions were decent - my father in law got the fish and chips - it looked good, had cole slaw and fried.
I got the coconut shrimp - about $4 more - had mini scoop of cold icky mashed potatoes and 8 small shrimp stretched on a skewer.
Literally, my daughter's kid's plate had more food on it and that was other people's comments not mine.
The shrimp did not taste bad, it was just a sorry excuse for almost $20!
It should have had a veggie and maybe a salad or bread to boot!
BTW, my wife who is 1/3rd my size had the same meal and also walked away hungry.
So, ambiance was lacking -- it looked like a tired old carnival ride.
Food was way overpriced, food portions inconsistent.
Than, I said something to the manager.
I waited until it was over because my wife hates it if  I complain, and it was my daughter's birthday.
All she said was sorry.
I could tell she has heard it before.
There was certainly no customer service going on here.
For the next birthday I am going to blow the money on a birthday party instead of a nice meal, or else, go somewhere good for food and find entertainment elsewhere.

AMBIENCE: Very noisy.
Bring ear plugs.
Constant noise in the 80-90 Db range, spiking to 102 Db when the gorillas acted up or rain storm started (Decibel 10th app on iPhone 5).
FOOD: The food was only OK.
Nothing special.
The clam chowder was watery & the rest of the food lacked flavor.
Our 7 year old loved this place but did not care for her chicken strips or her Icee that arrived half melted.
SERVICE: Slow.
Glasses of water were not offered & there was a long lag between when my wife's ice tea & our 7 year old's ICEE & my lemonade arrived.
VALUE: The food was over priced.
Dinner for 3 was $77, this included an appetizer & souvenir cup.
WILL WE REVISIT?
Probably not.

Atmosphere will blow you away!!
Small children will be in awe!
Food is over priced, but pretty good.

I have been to the Rainforest Cafe when they first opened and went back two days ago since my daughter was visiting from out of town.
We knew it wouldn't be reasonably priced but what a sticker shock!
$66.00 for three people and no appetizers!
The place has seen better days.
Yes, it was noisy with the "rain" and the "animals".
The fish tanks looked nice though.
I eat meatless and had the veggie burger with onion rings, my other half had a cheeseburger and fries, my daughter had "rasta pasta".
The Rasta she said had a funny oil film on it, and my daughter thought it was part of the sauce so she mixed it in.
She said it tasted funny and kind of rancid.
My burger was ok but was a bit mushy.
The cheeseburger was average.
It was all over priced but the bonus from it all is that we all got sick from our meal there!
:(   I had a "sour stomach" (read between the lines) until this afternoon and hubby also.
I was the worst of us.
My daughter had an upset stomach but didn't get what  we were reeling with.. geez!
As for waiting for water and drink refills we had the same problem as others had at this location.
I was very disappointed and of course we will NEVER be back again.
What a shame.
If you go, beware!
It was suggested to me when I first did this review to contact customer relations , which I did,and have yet to hear back from anyone there.
Sad.

The Rainforest Cafe Tempe is awesome if you have a school group or birthday party.
I teach special education and visit this location at least once per year.
The staff takes my students around and teaches them about the various animals and locations in the restaurant.
The staff is so amazingly nice and always welcomes my group.
I typically am not a fan of Rainforest Cafe's because typically the food is just so so and the decor is the same at all the locations but this one is different because of the friendly and passionate staff.

I had the Mayan mushroom ravioli very good.
The lobster sauce put it over the top.

Over priced mediocre food, the atmosphere is novel with animatronic forest animals but blaring rainstorm and animal calls every 20 minutes scared more children than it enchanted.
Fail

After both (1) reading some of these negative reviews, and (2) having had our own mediocre experiences in Orlando, we were a bit concerned about taking our kids to the local Rainforest Cafe.
They love the "experience", so we went.
I'm pleased to report that the food was above average (including the fish-n-chips, which in my experience is often poorly prepared).
Portions were large, staff friendly, and the experience better than what we had gotten annoyed with in Orlando.

I was very sick when I went here so I had soup and a smoothie.
Everyone seemed to enjoy their food.
It was priced as you would expect at a theme restaurant, not insanely expensive, but not cheap.
My friend had a good experience at the one in Orlando, but said that the Disney World one was superior in terms of the Rain Forrest animals.
I was told beforehand that it was sensory overload so I was sorta disappointed.
I think much like the aquarium that it's fun for the kids and that's what counts.

Expensive.
This place is ridiculously expensive.
Horrible.
There are more spoiled little kids running around then chuckee cheese, service was not good and took forever on a slow afternoon.
Food was seriously lacking flavor.
They don't have prices marked for their booze so I ordered a beer that came to be in a 12oz bottle and was charged $5.
The only good thing about this place is the decor, if they replaces all the prices, ingridients, service, and spoiled kids it might be ok.
But if you go here with a 2 person party and get the cheapest burgers on the menu, you are basically paying almost $50 to stare at fish and robotic elephants.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE.
I regret everything about this place.

The place is nice as it is decorated with interesting fish in fish tanks all over the place.
The service here is horrible.
The waitresses are rude.
The food is nothing special and super expensive.
Do not recommend, especially if you have kids that hate waiting 30+ min for their food:/

Great way to end the day at Arizona Mills, good food at a good price with entertainment for the kids (me too)..lol A must after enjoy a day at the mall!

I took the kids to Rainforest Cafe today for lunch.
While I know they aren't know for their food, how in the world does any restaurant that serves food that bad stay in business as long as they have?
Our first clue should have been the fact that their chicken nuggets are dinosaur shaped chicken nuggets.
I guess I didn't realize there were dinosaurs in the rainforest.
No wonder I haven't seen a live one!
I order fish tacos and they were absolutely terrible.
I send them back and the waitress says they aren't a very popular menu item and that she doesn't like them either.
I then order a burger.
How can you mess that up?
Pretty easily, apparently.
It comes out lukewarm and grey.
I take a bite and it tastes like it is straight out of the microwave....ten minutes ago.
I comment to the waitress and she sends over the manager.
He comes over and tells me that 3 or 4 people have commented on them today and that they recently changed to a different type of beef and they now cook them on a flat top, no longer over open flames.
Enough said....thanks for the memories!

Well...take the kids...they will love the atmosphere.
Do not go expecting any more than 2 star food..it really is not good food at all.
The atmosphere is the only attraction..period.

This is a special place for the kids, if you want them to be entertained and not worry if they get a little loud and excited about something this is a great place to take them.
The food is nothing special (think theme park quality and prices), but it really is a one of a kind place.
The pressed penny machines are always a cool and cheap, $.51, souvenir, that should help you getting around spending money in the attached gift shop.
They have a full bar, and the kids can get a kid friendly frozen drink in a special cup.
Kids meals are about $6-$7, adults range from $15, for soup and salad combo, to $22-$30 for fish or seafood.
I wouldn't go here for the food, but go for that look on yours kid's faces and the cool parent/grandparent title for taking them there!

Went with my sister, son and niece on Wednesday for dinner.
We loved the atmosphere!
Kids meals are only $2.99 on Wednesday's, so we didn't get a huge bill.
My sister and I stuck with waters, ordered burgers and we had a $5 off coupon.
So we got a pretty good deal!
If I would have had to pay full price for everything, it wouldn't be worth it in my opinion.
Service was leaning towards the bad side.
They were definitely short staffed that day.
Food was good but nothing to rave about.
Great for kids and adults!

Okay, before I go into this review, when you go to Rainforest you are not going for the great food or for an economical and filling meal, because you will get none of that.
The food is good, but not outstanding.
It is not economical and you will likely leave looking for something else unless you order an overpriced appetizer.
It's basically like high end amusement park fare.
Sure it's entertaining that the animatronics and the simulated downpour every 10-15 minutes is fun but if I'm going to pay close to 50.00 for two people to eat, I expect they we should not be looking for something else afterward.
Okay so that out of the way...  We have one of these close to home that we don't go to, but we are on vacation and just got a gift card from the timeshare people for sitting through their presentation so we really had nothing to lose here  The food is actually good, there just isn't very much of it.
My wife and I each ordered the Mojo Bones which is St Louis style ribs we ordered the half rack because the price on the full rack was clearly out of the question.
It came with Cole Slaw and Fries.
The Cole Slaw was tiny and the fries were good but not many of them.
So on novelty I give it a five on value I give it a one on food I give it a three so then the average is three.
On a side note we probably would not have tried it if we didn't get a gift card for sitting through a time share presentation.
Novel yes, but personally for ribs I'll go to Chicago for Ribs.

Love Rainforet Cafe and even though this isn't the most exciting location, it's still a great rainforest!!
The staff is really nice and the food is great.
I wish they were a little more organized on the hostess situation.
Instead of using the elephant booth at the front, you just kind of wait around the fish tanks not knowing what's going on.
Other than that, you can't complain about this place.

This place is pretty cool.
We stopped by here really quick on our way out of the mall and decided to grab a drink and a snack.
I have been here before but it's been a few years, so I was excited to try it again.
I love the way this place is decorated.
It's all decked out as if you were in the rainforest.
Huge fish tanks, vines, leaves, trees, bushes, rain, even animatronics animals.
It's quite the place!
We sat at the bar and their barstools are actually formed into different animals, which is a very cool idea.
We decided on a few drinks and ended up ordering an appetizer to share.
The cheese sticks we had were very good!
Nice and crispy on the outside and the cheese was warm and gooey on the inside.
The marinara had a lot of kick to it.
It's a really basic dish, but I can't tell you how many places I have been to where the cheese sticks are hard, the cheese isn't melted or gooey and marinara taste like watered down tomato soup!
The staff was very friendly; the atmosphere was really cool, it was a nice place to grab a quick bite!
I can't wait to come back and try a main dish and sit back in the restaurant where all the action (animatronics) are!

It is a fun place to take kids but can be distracting for adults.
There are times when the animals move, rain comes down in one area as "lightning" flashes.
We had good service and the food portions were big.
The food was fine.
There are aquariums to look at while waiting for a meal.
It's a bit pricey for just a meal though not outrageous but if you want entertainment for the kids, the price isn't that bad.

Elephants

This place gets 5 stars for atmosphere and it is a favorite of my children for that reason.
However, the service always seems to be lacking in one way or another.
The food is ok and overpriced for what you get.
But, due to the fun environment, we will keep going back.

Super slow!
Just in case if u will have Charlie server, better refuse his service & ask for another one..... Brought just drinks in 15 minutes.....I asked for extra plate......
Yes, he brought .... way AFTER I finished meal.... Really?
But he immediately brought a bill!
He knew he screwed up!!!
I had to edit review .....
He brought a bill , yes without a pen!
Had to call near by server for a pen!

I'm giving the store only a one star because I decided to buy a couple of aquatic small fish toys.
The lady said they were $14.50.
So I bought two.
Later I realized they were apiece.
Currently I seem the same item being sold in another mall for half that price.
I brought those items back.
I refuse to pay double the price for anything.
I thought it was a total ripoff.
If a store who claims to support a cause decides to double the price should be ashamed for ripping people off.

The service by Cory was excellent..
But my burger was less than appetizing.
I asked for medium but received well done and the quality of meat was worse than McDonalds.
Shame on you Rain Forrest Cafe..
The cost if the burger was $13.
Oh and the nachos were rushed and all of the toppings were on one side.. Who uses processed cheese anymore?
Everything was over priced for the quality of food..
I would not recommend this restaurant.

My daughter decided that she wanted to come to the Rainforest Cafe for her 11th Birthday.
We arrived close to 5 pm on a week night and it wasn't very busy.
The atmosphere was super fun and kept the kids busy looking around.
We ordered an appetizer and the drinks first and received them pretty quickly.
The thunder storms reminded us of the Midwest.
Our food arrived in a fair amount of time and we all left full.
If you are looking for a fun place to eat with your kidos and are ok w some noise this is the place to go!!!

I am sad to report that their sampler platter has shrunk in size.
Now they call it an appetizer platter and it's still the same price but they took away the shrimp skewers.
Maybe they weren't popular with other people??
but I love my coconut shrimp on a stick.
They took away the ribs (I think?
) and replaced it with some dry breaded chicken.
However, the best thing about the appetizer platter is the southwestern eggrolls.
Also, the artichoke and spinach dip is super good just the bowl they give the dip in is a tad smaller too.
That's why I'm giving you Rainforest Café only three stars.
Boo!

I hadn't been to Rainforest Cafe since I was a kid...
I guess there was a reason for that.
I went here with work since the students were studying the rainforest and how to behave in a restaurant.
The service was sloooow, we were there for about 2 hours.
The food came out far apart...making some of the kids upset.
The food itself was nothing special.
I had some mashed potatoes and clam chowder.
Chowder was like the stuff you get out of the can... the mashed potatoes were ok, but gluey.
The main issue with this place are their prices.
They are insanely overpriced.
You can't get an adult meal for less than 12$ and those meals are basic sandwiches... the entrees were about 20$... even for pasta.... craziness.
Even their entree salads were 15$.
I would not come back here.

Such a fan of this place.
i wish my nephews were here so I could take them -- they would love it.
Its a great place for kids.
I wish they served breakfast or brunch.
I ordered the Cobb Salad and it wasnt the best Ive ever had and probably will not order it again.
It was an entertaining lunch with the apes making noises, the fish in the tank over looking our table, the elephants and other active animals.
Love.
Four stars because the mall of america in MN location rotates so guests can see all of the animals.
I know, I know... tough crowd.

Neat place to take kids for the atmosphere.
But...it's really over priced for the quality if food and the amount of time the food took to come out.
Food was bland and my pasta was cold by the time it got to the table.
Service was ok I guess.

I have been to the Rainforest Cafe quite a few times over the years and it's never that good.
The hostess was creepy.
Lol She got into our bubble of space to ask how many for our table.
We both sort of stepped back and she stepped forward.
She needs to learn space boundaries.
We got to our table and ordered.
Our sever was a bit obnoxious, nothing in particular, he was just kind of annoying.
The food was blah.
The menu itself is boring and like any other boring restaurant.
You'd think that they'd have more fun or exotic recipes being that it's the Rainforest Cafe but nope, they had a few sandwiches, some salads, a few burgers, some fish items, etc... pretty boring.
If it hadn't been for the free gift card we had we probably wouldn't be back.
Go elsewhere.
There are plenty of places that are far better.
Rainforest Cafe is more interested in the environment they provide than the food they serve.

I have been to the Rainforest Cafe quite a few times and also in Florida.
The food was always pretty good, a bit pricey but good.
The atmosphere is very noisy, but thats a given.
Very kid friendly.
My husband, 10 month old and myself went there yesterday and our food really wasn't that great.
We were greeted nicely and seated pretty quickly, however, we waited for some time before we were finally approached by our server and asked what we wanted to drink.
We started with the chili con queso dip and it wasn't anything special, it was good, but it could have used some sprucing up on the flavor.
I ordered my little one the pasta with marinara and applesauce and my husband and I ordered the chicken marinara.
We waited a long time for our food!
First of all let me say the portion for the child pasta was huge!!!
Even for an older child!!!
I could have eaten it myself and been full!!
The pasta was cooked al dente, which honestly I didn't expect, most places over cook the pasta which is good for my daughter as she doesn't have any back teeth yet.
I gave her two very small bites then had to return it for a grilled cheese because she kept gagging on the pieces since she couldn't chew them with the pasta being to al dente.
The waitress accommodated and even took the pasta off the check, yay!!
The grilled cheese took forever to come out, I was questioning how long does it take to make a grilled cheese, be it was good, I tried it myself ;)  Our food was ok.
The chicken was cooked perfectly but had way to much cheese melted on top for my liking.
There were two chicken breasts on the plate, pretty good size, for sure over the recommended daily protein intake.
There was a small portion of pasta also.
The sauce was kinda blah, tasted a little like jarred sauce and pretty garlicky..and thats saying something because I love garlic!!
Our bill was $70.00 with tip and all we ordered were our meals, two drinks, the appetizer and kids meal!!!
Way too pricey for low to mediocre food.
My daughter really seemed to enjoy the atmosphere and loved the opportunity to be loud, but I don't think we will be back anytime soon.

Waited an hour to get our food when the place was empty.
We were a party of 8 for a work lunch.
The drinking water tastes like it is out of the fish tank

THE SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!
I've been here an hour and a half and had only the appetizer because when they finally brought my food a minute ago it was cold and tasted horrible.
.. (beef lo mein) I made the mistake of bringing my mom on Mother's day now I feel bad cause this place sucks.
... Never again

Not impressed....
This place is obviously popular for the ambiance; if you like tacky decor and loud noises you found the right place!
About every 8-10 minutes there is a loud "thunder storm" complete with loud cracks of thunder that drown out your conversation and flashing lights.
The menu has good potential but the food you get is nothing like what is described.
Our waitress didn't write anything down, which isn't a problem if there are 2-3 people.
We were a party of 5 (haha) and I was nervous that things would get forgotten.
Things were forgotten.
I had the Chinese Chicken Salad and a "Cheetah-Rita.
" The margarita mix was WAY too sweet and I couldn't tastes the alcohol (I may also have a drinking problem....
Yet to be determined).
The dressing was about the only thing enjoyable.
The chicken was dry like it was from lunch yesterday and may have been overlooked then.
My best friend had the Chicken Parmesan and subbed mashed potatoes for the pasta but they brought out pasta anyway... Also forgot the applesauce that was to come with her son's pizza.
One of the other girls in our party ordered nachos and asked to have a few things left off as well as extra cheese.
The nachos came out with little cheese and all of the things she asked to have omitted.
My sister seemed to enjoy her lunch, or at least was not vocal about it.
Upon coming to check on us, the waitress asked if everything was ok and exclaimed "Oh no the cooks didn't read the ticket!
" Cooks are not stupid and were certainly not too busy to ignore special requests.
Waitresses who don't write anything down are prone to forgetting things.
Almost finished with our meal and my friend and her sister were not offered refills.
Regardless of how far into a meal you are, the waitress or another staff member should offer a refill.

My daughter is in love with this place.
It's great for kids, although when she was smaller she would get a little scared by the lightning flashes and thundering.
But now that she is a little older she loves it.
The food is pretty good.
I always just get the BBQ burger and my My daughter always gets the Dino nuggets.
We usually start with there sampler appetizer ( can't remember what it's called) which is pretty good and comes with chicken strips, mozzarella sticks, some spinach dip and chips,  and some mini chimi egg roll things.
Definitely worth checking out.
Cool rainforest scenery with  some nice fish tanks

Great place to go as a family.
Menu prices are a bit high, but you pay for your experience.
Tina was our server and she was great.
She was very attentive and provided great service.
My husband and I ordered the beastly burger and shared it.
I would definitely recommend sharing, the burger was huge!!!
The burger was salty, but I myself enjoy things on the salty side so it was perfect.
Overall, this is a great place to come for special family outings.

Headed here after seeing a movie at the Harkins located inside the same mall.
We were interested in checking out the menu first since we weren't sure if this one had the same offerings we were used to from the Orlando location we went to from time to time.
After looking over the menu we decided that we could all find something we wanted to eat here and we were brought a few more menus after a bit.
I ordered the Cobb Salad, he had the Turkey BLT Club and our friend had the Quesadilla.
The Cobb Salad had a lot of toppings on it and it was well-made, but it was really covered in dressing to a point that it was all you tasted.
If we ever go back, I'll definitely request that on the side.
The Club sandwich my husband had was sandwiched with bread that was toasted to a point it wasn't really edible, so he took everything out of it and at that, which kinda defeats the purpose of a sandwich altogether.
The insides of the Club were fresh and tasty though and the fries that came with it were good as well.
Took awhile to get things from our waitress during almost every step of the meal.
Which seemed a little odd considering we went during an off time and it wasn't too busy.
Overall: B- Probably wouldn't recommend it to people with all the other options in the food court just around the corner...but not a bad place if you are looking to entertain little ones.

Guacamole Burger is good, as well as Tomato Basil soup.
The kids ordered off of kid's menu.
The food they receive is just ok.
I am not impressed with the quality they serve to the kids.
Having said that, they enjoyed themselves.
Beware of the lightning storm that occurs every so often.
My 2.5 year old was afraid.
My bill came to 47.00 total (with tip), for 1 adult and 3 children.

Consider the destination on its own.
As far as food goes, it's decent.
Service about average.

