This Denny's has improved since Madison is now smoke free.
Before the smoking ban, this place was like eating in an ashtray.
Now, it's a good place to get what you'd expect from Denny's.

Oh Denny's.
You might be open 24/7, therefore being the only place to get some greasy grub after a Labor Day party, but you have done me wrong.
Why just one waiter for 12 tables?
Why Denny's?
Why?
And why was there a chunk of wrapper from a stick of butter in my eggs?
Why?
sad face.

Food is okay.
But the place is smelly.

The management is terrible!
Our server was really polite and nice - he was doing a great job.
However, his manager took him to the server area (right next to our table) and I watched as the FEMALE manager reached down at his groin, and proceeded to rip items out of his apron!
How she doesn't get fired for that, who knows.
Then, the food - I ordered a T-Bone w/eggs over easy, and grits.
I get a cold med-rare steak, and eggs that are way under done.
The whites hadn't even set up.
The grits were flavorless, and overcooked.
I don't expect a lot from Denny's, but man, this was just bad.
Well, we get the check - and the Manager saw fit to take the table away from our server.
I asked our server if he was going to get the tip, and he said "No, she takes my tips all the time".
I know that every restaurant I've worked at, CC tips were calculated by who the server was on the table.
Since the manager's name was on the ticket, I decided to give the server his tip in cash, directly to his hand.
I'll not be back to this location, ever.

The waitstaff are always nice and the food is ok.

This place sucks!!!
No manager working to resolve issue with my meal.
They could not cook a steak correctly.
Over cooked or under cooked.
Just want a steak medium rare.
Eggs over easy were greasy....yuck.
Hash Browns were burned.
Place is messy& dirty.
Stay away from this place.
Bathrooms are dirty & disgusting.

The ultimate skillet was more like vegetable skillet.
Barely any sausage.
Pancake is good.
Food is decent too.
Overall just an average.

