I reguarly recommend this as a great gym.
However, it's definitely only for folks who don't mind seeing everyone you never wanted to see again from high school/the bars while totally sweaty and gross.

My favorite gym in town merely because I can walk to it.
Decent equipment but it's pretty crowded at peak times.
Can hardly lift those 15 pounds without smacking some other meathead.
No pool or track either but nice flat screens on each treadmill.
G4 Tech TV makes running much easier.

This is my gym.
Classes are fun, and the personal TV on the cardio machines are awesome!
Sweating on the elliptical macine while watching Nip/Tuck is not so bad.
I think they did nice job planning the space.
I have yet to experience the sauna, but I'm looking forward to it.

I've had very good experiences as a member here.
One big positive are the classes, which are numerous and led by fun instructors who know their stuff.
Also, personal TVs keep me doing cardio way longer than planned.
As a rule, all the spaces are clean and well-organized.
The staff are polite and helpful.
The parking, if you need it, is cheap ($1 for 2 hours) and convenient.
My only gripe is that, from 4:45-6pm, Mon-Thurs, things get a little tight, but it's workable, and I've never been a member of a gym where this wasn't a reality.

I joined Capital Fitness for two reasons:  1. it is right downtown and easy to walk to,  2.
They have personal TVs attached to many of the cardio machines, making working out fly by.
Other than that, the locker rooms are always clean and empty, the staff is very friendly and helpful, there is free parking underneath the building, and it never seems packed or empty.
Additionally, you can pay month-to-month, which was unique to Cap Fitness when I researched a few places in January 2009.

I've been a member for about a year and a half.
Capital Fitness is the best option for me for a number of reasons: - it's conveniently located (at least for me) - cardio machines have TVs - lots of great classes included in membership - trainer was well informed, with a degree in kinesiology - never as crowded as gyms I have belonged to in other cities - not cheap, but a decent value considering the above  This isn't a luxury establishment, but it's fine for the price I pay.
I would say my only complaint is that they charge $2/day for parking.
If you go 5 times a week, that really adds up.
All in all, a good option for those who live or work downtown.

Its convenient if you live downtown but expensive compared to the other gyms in town (your membership subsidizes daycare and yoga instructions).
Also, make sure you read the fine print in their contract - if you try to end your membership, they'll charge your credit card an early termination fee.
Now I'm at the downtown Anytime Fitness and its a much better deal.

Not terrible.
I only go there because I live nearby.
Staff members are friendly and helpful, but peak times are cramped.
Also, they've been removing their normal exercise bikes and replacing them with these truly awful video game systems.

FOR ELLEN'S YOGA CLASS ONLY  I love Ellen.
I dream about Ellen.
I'm addicted to Ellen.
The unfortunate thing about Ellen is that I now find all other yoga classes subpar.
I've taken yoga classes in several different cities and sampled multiple different classes at Cap Fitness, but Ellen's tops them all.
I'm a fan of a very traditional, meditative approach to yoga practice, and this is what Ellen delivers.
She begins each class with a quote from the vedas or somewhere else to set the tone.
She then structures the entire class around that theme, and it is seamlessly aligned.
She spends an entire class working on one aspect of the practice which is awesome for someone who is constantly looking to improve their technique.
This class is rigorous but not in the faddy, fitness yoga way...
In the way that Ellen will tweak one thing about your pose and all of a sudden you reach enlightenment.
Not only is Ellen a genius where body awareness is concerned, she is a true teacher.
It's a rare and phenomenal combination.
She will also help you tailor your practice for specific goals (sore neck) or injury (ACL tear in my case).
I live in Chicago now, and I regularly consider driving back to Madison for yoga with Ellen.
This class is restorative, meditative, and intense.

Capital Fitness is a mixed bag of a gym.
They have plenty of decent classes.
They have a lot of equipment.
They have a monopoly on the Downtown workout market.
That being said, they: charge extra for "towel service" ( 50 cents a pop or $6 monthly for shower towels) which is pretty weak, they don't allow you to pause your membership, even though you're contractually obligated to complete your membership term of a year, and the yoga classes are gym yoga classes, not "boutique" yoga as the web site claims.
I've yet to have one teacher correct me on any position.
Now, I'm pretty experienced in yoga, but they don't really correct anyone else either, so I imagine it's across the bored.
When it comes down to it, I feel like Cap Fitness costs more than it's worth, but there's no alternative, especially during the cold cold Wisconsin winter.

Great gym.
I loved Becky's Zumba classes and the Functional Fitness 6am classes.
What really made it worth it was Cheri's helpfulness in regards to membership issues.

This is the first gym I've joined (and I joined before the New Year, so it's not just a flimsy "resolution" that I'll give up on in a week or so) since becoming a real adult, and it is one of the better options near downtown Madison.
It's a bit expensive (~$50/month for a half year's commitment and ~$40/month for a year's commitment) but you get some great perks.
First, the staff is incredibly nice and helpful.
You can always expect a "hi, how are you doing" when you walk through the door.
Second, all the classes, except for TRX and personal training, are free.
They offer an extensive list of classes, with some highly motivational and committed trainers.
Some classes offered are spinning, body pump, piloxing, boot camp, zumba, yoga, etc...
The hours for the classes are either early morning (think 6/7am) or at night (5-7pm), which is fairly accommodating for anyone who works 9-5.
Third, the locker rooms are extremely clean.
However, there's a fair amount of naked dudes, so if you're like me and haven't been inside a locker room for a while, you might be thrown off at first.
Oh and also the locker rooms also have steam rooms and saunas.
Fourth, this place has a wide range of equipment.
They've got free weights, kettlebells, machines, elliptical, stairmasters, etc...
Most of their cardio machines also allow you to plug in your headphones to watch TV.
Finally, you receive a free $45 coupon for a massage just by signing up, though I believe that's only available if you sign up for a year.
Only reason why this place doesn't get a 5 is because it's pretty crowded during peak hours (aka right after 5pm)

I love my gym.
I love the multiple levels, the friendly front desk staff, the MANY classes offered throughout every day, the hours that are perfect for me, the beautiful yoga studio and amazing instructors.
The online services and class registration is so convenient.
Their website is pretty great.
Sometimes it smells and sometimes treadmills will short, but those things are just occasional.
If you really put your mind to it, you can find free or cheap parking within a block or so (and walking is good for you, you're going to the gym!
) The parking doesn't really bother me and I'll bike during summer.
I do avoid going between 5 and 6pm, which I think contributes to my high opinion :)

Join CF because it's the only full service gym in the downtown Madison area.
I was attracted to the fact that they include a lot of free classes & all the yoga you could want, it is big enough to have your own space and it has a Kidszone.
Pros:    1.
As far as I can tell, I have always been able to get on equipment that I want.
I normally don't go at peak hours so I can't tell you if this is true all the time  2.
Locker room seems clean, has two saunas and a steam room if you are into that.
Plenty of lockers between the two in the building.
Doesn't have a smelly gym smell to the workout area or locker room.
Easy to get into classes if you plan just slightly ahead.
Some classes are more popular than others.
Over all very good yoga instructors.
Cons:  1.
Kidszone is a complete joke!
They either need to embrace the concept or give it up.
Right now, it's a poor excuse for a place to take your kids while you work out.
It would seem like the person who is responsible for managing the Kidszone isn't a parent or forgets what it was like to have little kids....
The kids play area is lacking any real activities.
I have a 5 & 3 yr old and they absolutely hate going there.
They say it is boring and I can't blame them.
There are a few mats to play on and not much more.
There needs to be something more to play with... ie: TOYS!
You know, those things kids love to play with...
They don't have to be fancy... a few books, some blocks, a few cars and trucks, maybe a small dramatic play area.....
It doesn't take much to keep a kid busy for an hour but they really need more than a few gym mats.
Also, they won't change diapers or help older children use the restroom...
What??
If you are going to have a kidzone, it comes with the territory....
Diapers, maybe but little kids & bathroom, you need to help them if they're toilet trained.
The restrooms are not equipped for little kids so it would be hard for a little kid to get up on the toilet.
Also, anyone who has little kids know that they may have to go 20 mins after they just went...
If you won't change diapers, you need to have a bathroom equipped to change diapers... diaper changing table would help!
Non-engaging kidszone employees.
Being so close to Univ of WI, you would think Capitol Fitness would have access to a ton of early childcare majors or even early education students who would like to have a chance and work at a place to gain some real work experience.
At least from the the few times I was there, there was no real engagement happening between the employee and the kids.
It's like my neighbor's kids are watching my kids.
On the flip side, if Capitol Fitness is just doing the kidszone so they can say they have one but don't really want to have kids actually in the gym, then they are very successful.
Parking is definitely a hassle during the week if you want to be close.
If you don't want to pay for parking, go after 6:00 pm when the meters stop or park a few blocks away in the neighborhood.
The interior of the gym is definitely looking somewhat dated.
It's dark and dim.
The atmosphere is sort of muted and not very motivating.
The gym is starting to show it's age.
Not a lot of sanitize wipes  / hand sanitizer around which is why I see people skipping off the equipment without cleaning it.
I've been in gyms where they are all over the place so it unavoidable not to clean the equipment after you are done.
Towels.
I know people already talked about this.
I will say that they do have a ton of hand towels and a limited number of small gym towels available to use without charge.
If you need to take a shower but forget to bring your own, you could make due with two smaller gym towel.
Overall, the gym is about average and you get what you pay for ($44 mth).
My old gym in DC was twice the cost but provided twice the service.
So for this price range and if you exclude the consideration of a kidzone, I would say the gym is average.
There are better gyms in the Madison which are probably a better value compared to service but, you have to drive out in suburbs to go there... if you live anywhere near west, near east or downtown, this is probably your only choice for a full service fitness center.
Until Capitol Fitness has a full service gym close by as it's competitive, we probably won't see much change.
The Bright Side!
There are a lot of new big buildings going up in the next few years on the E. Washington Ave corridor so it will be just a matter of time until we'll see so other gym move into the area...
It's up to Capitol Fitness Management to see if they can stay ahead and keep the gym relevant before people leave for something better...

Confession...I'm a gym rat.
Yep, six days a week, usually at least two hours of lifting and cardio, and lots of protein shakes.
An addiction?
Perhaps, but I'll take it over meth or alchohol or tobacco, although the latter are certainly easier.
Was in Madison for the weekend and, of course, needed to work out.
Checked out Capital Fitness on Saturday and found the place clean and well equipped.
My only beef?
No Life Fitness resistance machines.
Not sure what the brand was, but when you use LF you realize that it is the gold standard of resistance.
Even their cardio machines are well designed.
So...probably won't be back next time I'm in town, but to each his own.

Last winter I was in between gyms so thought I'd check capital out.
It wasn't too out of the way, had it's own parking, and they had a deal going for a cheap 2 month membership.
I did not renew that membership.
The good:  Even though they are downtown, they do have parking.
It's free early in the morning and later at night.
Since I tended to go in the morning around 530-6am, it was nice to have a free covered space to park.
In the mornings when I went there were always plenty of cardio machines available.
The downstairs weight lifting area had plenty of weights, squat rack, and even some nice heavier kettlebell pairs to use.
And you got to check out the shoes of morning commuters walking past the windows.
Most classes are included in your membership.
I tried several different ones.
The most interesting was the Trek class which was a guided running (or walking if needed) workout on treadmills.
It definitely made indoor winter running easier.
The bad:  They frequently have online specials on their website, but the front desk staff seemed pretty clueless about them.
No one gave me a tour or explained how anything was set up.
I had to wander around myself to find stuff.
The gym is spread over 4 floors, so it can be a bit confusing.
No one explained how their class systems work.
You have to get a pass for the yoga from the front desk, sign up, and then give the pass to the instructor.
I had no clue about any of this and the desk workers and class instructors did nothing to help an unfamiliar face figure things out.
They cancel classes quite frequently.
I've liked them on facebook and nearly daily there is some notice about upcoming classes being cancelled.
Sometimes the notification is on the day of which would suck if you were planning on attending that class in a hour.
Once I had figured the yoga classes out, I took a couple of them and they went ok.
I'm not great at yoga (tightest hamstrings and glutes in the world?
this girl), but I have taken many classes before at different gyms and yoga studies.
I didn't go to any advanced classes here, but only those labeled as good for beginners.
They had one morning class that was supposed to be gentle, easy, wake up and be refreshed class.
The first two times I took it, I felt great afterwards.
No pretzel-like poses, just nice opening things up for the day.
The third time I took the class there was a different teacher.
I don't recall what the guys name was, but I don't think he read the description for the class he was teaching.
It was much more intense flow with advanced poses.
Several of the students weren't able to even get into the poses, but he gave no alternatives at all.
The longer the class went on, the more frustrated I got.
When there are only 8 people in the class and 4 of them can't do something for the past 5 minutes of poses and are just standing there, maybe you should switch things up or give alternatives or something.
As the class went on I became more and more frustrated.
When you are planning on a relaxing morning and then have this thrown at you, it kinda ruins your morning.
For the first time in my life, I rolled up my mat and left after about 40 min of the hour long class.
I went to the weight room and lifted heavy weights to burn off my frustration.
Just thinking about that class is getting me annoyed right now.
Ugh.

My boyfriend and I joined Capital Fitness because we get a discount through our apartment (and also can pay for membership with our rent, which is really convenient.
)   The good: -It's conveniently located -decorated nicely -beautiful yoga facilities (and some great teachers, I especially like John H) -rooftop yoga in the summertime -TVs on most cardio machines in addition to flat screens around the gym  The bad:  -when my boyfriend and I signed up we didn't even get a tour or even verbal explanation of the facilities.
I didn't know there were other floors for weeks!
-it can be kind of grimy--dust/hair on the floor; the mat area downstairs is especially gross -the entire downstairs is all old equipment and has the radio pumped in, so you have to listen to commercials -only two squat racks in the whole place!!!
not enough benches either -only ONE set of 15 lb dumbbells...which is just astounding to me -not enough space to do any floor exercises -a little too darkly lit -majority of classes are during the day, and since I work 8:30 - 5, I'm pretty much excluded from taking most of them.
Pretty ridiculous, since I'm sure most of the members have similar work schedules.
I will continue to go here as long as I live in the area, and I love the yoga facilities, but for the price it leaves a lot to be desired.

