Located near the entrance to Ghost Bar and Rain, this tattoo parlor is the perfect place to cap off a weekend in Vegas.
They have a great clientle for people watching, including a number of celebrity clients.
Check out Matt Victor, one of the latest additions to H&H's roster - he's done a lot of amazing work.
If you're feeling like Anna Nicole and you want your portrait on all of your friends, he's the man.

I have to write a little novella for this one, but if you're not interested in reading the entire thing just know that Eric "Big E" Pele is probably THE nicest man I have ever met in real life, and definitely the BEST tattoo artist I have ever had and the ONLY tattoo artist I will work with from now on!
I'm obsessed with tattoo culture.
One lonely evening in the summer of 2004, I was flipping through the channels and I came across a documentary about the opening night of the first tattoo parlor ever to open in a casino in Las Vegas.
I watched and enjoyed.
The artists seemed incredibly talented and had obviously been selected from a very large group of applicants - making me believe that they were probably some of the best artists in the U.S.
So when I booked my first plane ticket to Vegas, I decided to check the place out for myself and hopefully get some work done while I was there.
I snuck out of Rain after having at least 3 drinks partially spilled on me, and I decided to check out H&H.
Having come well prepared with the Mark Ryden sketch that I wanted, I was very politely greeted by Thomas who explained to me that they were booked for the evening with big projects and that they didn't take appointments.
However, after he saw my art, he set me up with a time-slot with an artist the next day.
As it turned out, that artist didn't show up for work, but I was lucky enough to talk to Eric "Big E" Pele when I arrived for my appointment.
He said that he was available and that I should check out his book to see if I was interested in letting him do the work.
I didn't have to look at it, I remembered him from the documentary - he did Dennis Rodman's tattoo.
Eric turned out to be THE nicest man I have ever met in real life.
He allowed my friend to chill out with me while he worked, he posed for photographs, and he told us great stories about his baby boy.
After leaving, I vowed to have him do my short sleeve - even if it meant going back to Vegas for a couple of trips.
I kept in touch with Eric through phone calls and cards and he agreed to do my sleeve!!
Now I just need to get back there...

Ok so given these are all people from out of town who wrote reviews on this place.
Let me talk to you about the Tattoo culture.
The artists here aren't bad.
This is however a tourist trap.
They don't even schedule tattoos right.
Plus they don't quote you right.
They have ripped people off.
200 dollars to get small lettering that took 45 min?
Are you kidding me.
Yea it got popular because of the show.
But seriously.
For people who really are into tattoos.
This is just a trendy hodge podge of people who rip people off.
Do you think they use the best and brightest inks?
What did they tell you put lotion on it.
It'll look good when it's healed.
Don't pick it.
Yea their tattoos are pretty good.
Most of the time.
But you're also looking in books.
Anyone can trace or color by number.
Well mostly anyone.
Seriously save your money.
Go somewhere where they will care and talk you out of stupid mistakes.
Research your tattoo before you do something stupid and regret it.

I had the unique experience of getting tattooed at H&H for the TV show Inked.
Despite having a camera in my face the entire time and a microphone taped to my chest, I think I got a pretty good idea of the general feel of the shop.
First of all, if the camera makes people look 10 pounds heavier, it makes places look about 500 sq.
feet bigger.
The place is a lot tinier than it looks on TV, and it's crammed with a ton of people (especially lookie-loos up front).
Despite that, once I was ensconced in my booth with my artist (my pal Jesse, who does spectacular work), my mother (who is eighteen shades of rad for coming with me to get a giant tattoo), and 3 or 4 of my closest cameramen, boom operators, and production assistant friends, it felt more cozy than cramped.
The shop was immaculately clean, part of which I'm sure goes hand in hand with the ever present cameras.
Everyone I encountered was very friendly, save the surly front desk girl, whom I'm sure is long gone by now.
Of course, being situated in the Palms the prices are exorbitantly high.
For being on the show, I got my piece done at half price and even then I couldn't believe how expensive it was.
For tourists who want the novelty of getting a piece done somewhere that's semi-famous,  (does being on A&E really qualify as fame?
) I suppose going to H&H would be a good story to take back home.
Some of the artists are VERY talented.
(Jesse no longer works there, boo!
)  But for a local who wants to get a good piece at a good price, there are many other less crowded, less expensive, more personal shops available.

Okay.
I have to admit.
I got a tattoo here just so I could say I got a tattoo from Hart & Huntington.
We went here at the end of the week, so our money supply was dwindling.
I decided I wanted a tattoo to commemorate our trip (I have six, so this wasn't that big a deal).
I don't think I went in planning on getting a tattoo.
But when I found out that you could drop-in, I chose a little tattoo (we're talking maybe an inch and a half in diameter) and ended up paying $100 for it.
It was mostly black and white, with a little red.
The lines are smooth, and the tattoo healed wonderfully.
The artist was nice and quick.
But....
While I do like to brag I got a tattoo here, I'm a little ashamed to admit I spent so much on such a dinky thing.
You definitely pay for the name here.
They're great, but you can find other places that are just as great for A LOT cheaper.

Yeah it's expensive but the art is effin GREAT!
I love my tattoo by  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~JIME LITWALK~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  He's dope and EVERYONE knows it!!!
He even did a tat for my husband and it was pimp!!!
Go to H&H and go to Jime!

Small place - got a tattoo last year, was able to book a time the same day I went down there, which was nice.
It was expensive, even for Vegas.
Going to try King Ink at the Mirage next      :)

Amazing experience.
One word for this shop  JIME LITWALK is the best!
Bottom line on price is there is a shop minimum period.....after that's, the price is up to the artist.
I was given a very fair price and I got one smashing tattoo and experience ......go to JIME and don't be a douche....he is awesome

Jime rocks.
Didn't know about this place at all, but saw it walking by.
Decided to get a tattoo and went for it.
Jime drew up a sketch quick and then had me out of there in about an hour.
Amazing experience and amazing tattoo.
I wish our tattoo places in my city were as accommodating.
Next time I'm in Vegas, Jime is my "go to" artist.

Review for Liz, piercer.
I have not dealt with anyone else nor have I had any other work done here.... yet?
Liz is abfab.
She did 6 intimate piercings for me (4, then 2 more, about a month apart) and made the experience memorable (is that a "duh" statement?
), easy to handle, and totally doable.
I was hesitant, for sure, but Liz put me at ease right away!
She is knowledgable, personable, and beyond safe.
I have never met anyone so careful, clean, and concerned for her work.
She explains what she is doing and why, and how something is used and why it is important.
She is careful to keep you part of the experience and does not rush you through anything.
I went back to her for one re-do (not at all a reflection on her work) and one replacement ring (months later, no re-do needed).
She is always easy to work with and maintains a high-level of professionalism without being stand-offish or cold in any way.
Liz is amazing and I can't wait to see her for more body jewelry!
-------------  As for the shop in general?
Everyone has always been great to me.
I can't name anyone specifically, but I have been in here many time to look at tattoos (either for me or friends) and everyone has been helpful, friendly, and ready to get us working.
I look forward to checking them out further.

So over priced

If a 1" x 1" tattoo is $250 - $300, then at the very least you'd think they'd be friendly and cool to talk to.
Yeah.
Not so much.
And that, my friends, is how you lose potential customers and get a bad Yelp review.

Sounds like these guys need to get better front desk help

Zero Stars!!!!
I went to go get my first tattoo & long story short...
I came in 1 1/2 hrs before they closed (the place was dead) everybody was just sitting around, so the tattoo artist "Jackie" helped me pick out my script from the internet & size it correctly.
I was grateful for her help.
I asked If she was able to do my tattoo tonight ( there was still a little over an hr before they closed ) she said no she wanted to go home "early" tonight.
But to leave a $100 down payment for an apt tomorrow & she'll do my tattoo.
Alright, that sounds good.
So I stayed an extra night in Vegas.
The next day i go back at my apt time at 3:00pm and she's finishing up with a tattoo, perfect, I'm right on time.
Then when she's cleaning up I walk over to her & thank her for helping me create my tattoo last night & doing it today.
THEN she tells me that she double booked & she's packed for the rest of the day.
Then she tells me to come back in two hours & she'll fit me on.
Oookkkk...
I came back in two hrs like she requested and she's on her lunch break.
Then says she doesn't have time to do my tattoo tonight.
But come back tomorrow at 4pm and she'll get it done.
So i stay ANOTHER night in Las Vegas.
Come back the next day at 4pm and she's not there?
She doesn't get in till 4:30?
AND THEN SHE'S BOOKED ALL DAY?!
AND I'M NOT ON THE APT BOOK?!?!
When she finally arrives she's belligerent, rude & snotty!!!
Telling me that i should have booked months in advance?
I made a $100 down payment for my 2 fucked up rescheduled appointments!
She was so ignorant it was comical.
So i asked for my down payment back, she then tried to tell me it was non refundable?!
Like my $100 was going into her pocket under the table... Ummm Fuck that.
I told her if she didn't give me back my $100 down payment for my two appointments that YOUR shop & YOUR simple minded colleagues fucked up, that it'll be the biggest mistake of her life.
She gave me back my money and i left.
Honestly she seemed a little off...like she was strung out on drugs or something.. She had a bad tweaker vibe about her.
But after all that, Like i really want some angry hormonal bitch tattooing my back.
Seriously, such a waste of my time AND money!!!
I spent $400 on my room alone for 2 extra days.
Such a horrible experience.
My advice to anybody wanting a tattoo, is to NOT get a tattoo from "tweaker Jackie"   2 months later i got my tattoo from Kat Von D's "High Voltage Tattoo" in LA, They did an AMAZING job.
F.U.
H&H

Flash back to me being 19... what do I know.
I figure they were on TV they must be good right?
WRONG.
They spend no time with you.
No consults.
You want the Constitution tattooed in a 3 inch square?
Done!
They wont bother telling you it wont be legible and will be a tiny blob in a month.
You just tell them what you want and they do it.
My tattoo (now that I know better) will be a giant black blob in a few years.
I got a Batman related tattoo there is no detail left in Batman's face, you can't see what the logo on his chest is, and the little girl is just a blob.
I was told if I wanted the batman logo added to the tattoo I had to get them a printed picture, they couldn't look at it off of a phone or find one for me with their computers.
I had to go use the computers at the Palms that cost per minute to use and pay to print out a Batman logo.
Really?
It ended up costing me $15 to go print them a picture.
And I should have questioned there skill right their if they had to trace an old school Batman logo.
The tattoo cost me $800 and they threw me to whoever was free.
Not, "Oh so and so would be best at this style here is when they are available!
" Nope.
Mr. Who the hell ever did it.
It scarred badly because I was told to ENCOURAGE IT TO DRY OUT!
And to ONLY PUT LOTION ON IT ONCE A DAY!
I thought that was such odd advice since I already had a couple tattoos and when I woke up after 2 days with tattoo stuck to my pajamas I did some research and found out what horrible advice I was given.
Now I am stuck with a tattoo I will have to touch up every few years until they invent a laser in 30 years that will magically zap it off instantly.

I got my first & only tattoo here nearly 6 years ago.
I was nervous but they put me at ease and worked the design out on paper many times until I was 100% satisfied and ready to go forward.
I originally wanted something tiny and in white ink but they said they don't use white alone because it bleeds and fades, and they don't do super tiny text.
I respect the fact that they don't compromise the quality and instead stick with what works.
My tattoo healed beautifully and 5 years later it still looks great.
My tattoo is on my foot and I taught swimming lessons and continue to swim and it never faded despite the sun exposure.
James did my tattoo, don't know if he is still there or not.
The shop is expensive but tattoos are something you should never, ever go cheap on.

WORST TATTOO EVER !!!
My boy friend & I went to get matching tattoos here.
the design looked okay and I figured the artist would make it look smooth.
OUR TATTOOS ARE BOTH ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE.
every line is is jagged and messed up.
it's on our fore arm and I'm so pissed.
they are so badly done it looked like a shitty prison tattoo!
what makes me the most angry is that this guy actually thought the tattoos looked good and finished.
now I have to pay again go go get these fixed by a REAL artist.
THE SHITTY ARTIST IS MERDOK.
please don't waste your time or money!

All I can say is very disappointed.
Staying as a guest at the Hard Rock Hotel and have been looking forward to getting a personal tattoo at this location commemorating the recent birth of my daughter.
Upon walking in the the shop, I was greatest by a gentlemen who asked how he could help us.
I explained  that I was interested in getting a simple tattoo and what it meant, he immediately insulted the idea of the tattoo and followed that with a condescending remark of "why don't you just get this.
"  He then proceeded to quote me an astronomical price without even asking what size the tattoo would be.
This isn't my first tattoo so I have a good idea of what the ballpark price should have been and his quote was more than double that.
Worst of all, he then said we are short staffed tonight and won't be able to do it until tomorrow.
At that point I looked around, and recognized 4 associates standing around and one person being tattooed, no one else in the shop.
Really?
No problem guy, we will take our business else where.
No surprise why there was only one person getting a tattoo.
Note to ownership, any declines in revenue look no further than the associate you had working halloween night 2013.

I came to Vegas for my fiance's birthday in February 2014 and we had talked about going to H&H to get my first tattoo.
I had been looking at different tattoos for quite a while and had decided to go with a small infinity symbol with love written in my grandmothers handwriting.
I went to their website and looked at all of their profiles and decided to go with Emiliano Gabaldon.
You are able to send them a message to make an appointment.
I immediately got a response back and was able to get an appointment the next day.
He said he usually takes a deposit but waived it since the appointment was the next day.
I arrived a little early and he was able to take me earlier due to someone not showing up.
He was very professional as was the front desk employee.
He went over the tattoo with me several times and applied it twice to my wrist prior to starting to make sure it was exactly where I wanted it.
Very clean and quick came out exactly like I wanted and I couldn't be happier with it I can't stop looking at it.
Very reasonably priced and would definitely go back.
Had a great first experience.
My fiance has a sleeve and was impressed with the prompt email responses from Emiliano and the way he handled himself.
Would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to get a tattoo!!
Emiliano was amazing!!

My wife and I stayed at the Hard Rock for my birthday and my gift was a new tattoo.
I was able to coordinate, get a quote and book via email--which was helpful.
The shop is tiny (personally, I think there's entirely too much apparel for sale, but it's not my empire so that's up to mister Hart) so I wouldn't plan on rolling in with six of your friends to watch you get work done.
It's also probably 20-30% more expensive than your average shop in the area, but that's not unexpected given the location/owner/chain etc.
Just don't be surprised when you want to drop in, get a quick cross/love-into-an-eternity-symbol/bird silhouette and you're quoted 150-ish bucks.
Manage your expectations.
Shop is clean.
Staff is as friendly as you can expect from a tattoo shop and the work done is great.

This place is so un accomodating.
I wonder if ot is ADA compliant?
For someone that designs ADA compliant vehicles was taken back by the rudeness and lack of visitor sitting area.
My friend is getting a 300.00+ tattoo and all I want to do os sit down amd wait.
Yet I get yelled at for sitting on a empty bench with nobody else in the place.
And as I raise my voice to question it, I get dirty looks and tattoo guys standing up trying to intimidate me.
Simply unacceptable.
Thank god I am not from Vegas and do not know the ADA rules here because I would persue it.
It is just not acceptable to have no chairs or waiting area when you are making 300.00 plus an hour on people.
What if a handicap person came in and his wife wanted a tattoo.
Is he expected to stand for an hour plus with shady replies from the female counter girl, and other tattoo guys trying to intimidate you?
Shut this place down and hope ADA will boycott this establishment.

I was very happy with my realistic skull and rose tattoo from H&H!!
John Graefe was my artist.
Very talented guy, and super nice!!!
The shop is very clean, and the guys working the front counter were also very friendly and helpful!
I will definitely be going back for more work!!

Great atmosphere, professional staff.
Honest about tat placement and success and offered education before tattoo was done.
Review is from my perspective watching friend go through process.
This is the Hard Rock Hotel location.

