Quite possibly the worst-run company on Earth.
Period.

Somehow, U-Haul became synonymous with do-it yourself moving.
It must be this brand-name inertia that keeps people coming back here because the actually process of renting a truck is painful.
Long lines, unhelpful employees, and a spotty track record for keeping reservations.
There has to be an alternative.

I have never had a problem with this U-haul.
It is in a convenient location for students like myself.
I am usually in and out with my trailer, sometimes there is a bit of a wait.
One time I went to get a trailer and there was something wrong with the wiring in my trunk, the lights were not working for one of the trailer's blinkers.
The guy fixed my wiring for over a half hour for free!
I tipped him of course, but I thought that was really nice because he could have told me to go somewhere and get it fixed.

This is the worst storage option available to students and others  in the Madison area.
They advertise dry, secure space but items got yellow mold on them.
Bikes got rusty.
They claimed you need a separate insurance policy to cover what a DRY secure location is supposed to offer.
Do not use this location at any cost.
Management was poor and very rude.
Overall a bad experience for alot of money.

We had to sign for our truck before actually seeing it and drove it off the lot but unbeknownst to us we recieved the wrong truck (right size, wrong truck number).
When we dropped the truck off the attendant at the drop off location noticed the problem and did an awesome job straightening out the problem that could have been easily avoided in the first place.
The main issue here though is that no one at the dealer seemed to know how to find the milage on the truck we recieved.
When the attendant at the drop off location called the W. Washington location they estimated the mileage of our trip 130 miles over the distance we actually travelled which would have led to a heafty fee.
Thank goodness for modern technology because we were able to point out this error.
I can't help but have a sneaking suspicion that they were hoping we would just give up and pay.
All in all it was a needless inconvenience and a sad attempt at price gouging.
I would recommend any other truck rental service over this disorganized, apathetic operation.

I have used this location for van rentals about 20 times and for parking rental for several months.
Never Again.
Their customer service competes for worst in the city.
If you call them, be prepared to hold for up to 15 minutes.
If you are dropping off a vehicle, be prepared to wait for 20 minutes while some pimple-faced kid in U-Haul uniform gives you the stink eye.
If your vehicle gets damaged while parked here, you are SOL.
Also, the rates that are plastered on their vans are false advertising.
The only way you could get the rate on the side of the van is if you checked it out, moved it no more than 6 inches, and then came back the next day to return it.
If you actually drive the vehicle off-site, even if you fill up with gas before coming back, your rate will be double or triple the advertised rate.
Plus, they will bill your credit card in advance for more than the amount you end up paying, and then refund your credit card a few days after you come back.
That is a completely BS policy.
There are better options, such as Enterprise.
It may require a bit of legwork, but you'll be better off.

Terrible customer service.
In Madison, as most of you know, August 14th-15th is a crappy time: most students are homeless for 24 hours.
Months ago, I reserved a U-Haul for 14th-15th (as well as a hotel) without knowing where we'd go to, just because I knew it'd be crazy.
We finally found a place (that we love!
), but they can't let us in until 12pm on the 15th.
So, I called U-Haul to see if I could change my truck time.
Twice, they scolded me for having it for 24 hours, as if I was supposed to memorize their policies.
Excuse me, was I the one who put the times into the system?
No.
Obviously.
One of your employees did it.
Don't scold me for what your employee did.
Idiots.
I'm only allowed to have it 8 hours.
So they changed my reservation to 8am-4pm on the 15th, even though I have to be out of my current apartment by 12pm on the 14th.
I asked what I should do then, and he suggested storage (and him making suggestions or even talking to me was like pulling teeth), except ... "Well, if I don't have a truck on the 14th, how would I even get my stuff to the storage facility?
"  Nothing.
He literally said nothing.
"Do you have any ideas?
"  Finally he spit out, "It's just our policy.
I can't do anything.
"  So now I have no truck for the 14th, even though months ago I reserved one, but I DO have a truck for the 15th, which is completely unhelpful.
Thankfully, we found out now, because I was still able to find a truck -- more expensive, I admit, but they actually let me have it for a reasonable amount of time -- through Budget.
Don't think I'll ever use U-haul again.
I also hope that COMPLETELY UNHELPFUL KID learns how to just be nice to people.

I notice all of the bad reviews on here are older.
I'm not sure if this location has gotten better, but I've never had a bad expeience at this U Haul location.
Here is my last experience.
I had reserved a U Haul trailer for 2 days and was scheduled to pick it up at 7am on the 4th of July.
First of all, it's a major holiday, and who would have thought the place would have been open.
Second, at 6:55 am, Adam, opened the door and let me in, even though 7am was the official start time.
I was greeted with a smile and he was very pleseant to work with.
I figured I needed a bigger trailer than I had scheduled, so Adam let me upgrade.
He hooked the tralier to my truck, explained all of the paperwork and I was on my way.
I returned the trailer a day early and was only charged for the day I used it.
Again, the place was open on time and the staff seemed happy to be at work.
I would like to thank the U Haul team on W. Washington for the great customer service.
Opening the door 5 minutes early, being jovial first thing in the morning, and actually listeneing to a customer's needs are someting you seldom find anymore.
Usually some burned out hump comes running in 5 minutes past openeing and could care less about the line of people 8 deep at the door.
Not the case with this location.
Good job guys.

It's your typical U-Haul store: chaotic interior, cramped check out area, employees sort of aloof, crummy lighting - just like every other U-Haul store out there.
Notables: - Parking lot doesn't really offer any parking for non-U-Haul vehicles  + No one has better boxes than U-Haul.
Heavy duty, easy to assemble, reusable - they're a real asset when moving.
As a guy who has moved more times than I care to count, including several cross-country moves, the value of good boxes can't be overstated.
These hold-up well, stack perfectly, and make for a great moving experience.
They're also reasonably priced, and if you buy too many, they'll buy them back from you when you're done.

