I recently purchased two bikes from the new bike store and I couldn't have been happier with the service or the prices.
The people working here know what they are talking about and did not try to talk me into a more expensive bike.
A very good place for buying, selling or repairing a bike.

I bought two bikes there last year.
Price and service terrific.

We bought bikes there throughout the years but what I'm really giving them 5 stars on is the customer service.
One of our bikes just got stolen and we couldn't find the paperwork and called Budget out of desperation.
They were so incredibly nice and looked up the serial number within 5 minutes and will mail us our proof of ownership if we need it.
The bike was purchased from them 4 years ago so I was really impressed.

I don't know anything about buying bikes here, but the repair services are terribly overpriced.
They don't do quick repairs while you wait, unlike other places (Yellow Jersey, Williamson), and the labor charge is much more expensive than necessary.
Choose other places for repairs if you actually want a "budget" place.

I'm not sure how "budget" friendly this place is...
I had to purchase a few small tools in an emergency situation, and Budget Bicycle Center was the nearest location for me to visit.
I bought a torque key for $20 (the MSRP from the manufacturer direct is $16.95; online it's $9.95).
I bought a quick-connect chain link for $15 (the MSRP from the manufacturer is $12.95; online it's $8.95).
I bought a few other items, all of which were nearly double the cost of what I could find them for online, and at least $3-$5 MORE than the suggested retail price.
When it was all said and done, I dropped $80 at "Budget" Bicycle Center for items that should've cost about $55-$60 at MSRP prices.
Customer service was aloof as well...
I couldn't get any of the service guys to step away from their bike stands, and I couldn't really tell who was actually working the sales counter.
Very confusing.
So... if you're in a pinch and need a part or tool, chances are Budget will have it, which I appreciate.
But, I don't appreciate being gouged when it comes to prices, especially when your business name includes the word "budget.
"    Might I suggest changing the name to "Blow your Budget Bicycle Center"?
Or how about, "Over Budget Bicycle Center"?

Love it.
Great service and great help.

Wonderful service, nice, knowledgeable people.
Got a great price for a trade in when other bike shops were completely unwilling to take trade ins at all.
Also got a good price on a new bike and accessory items.This is our 3rd time buying bikes here and we will continue to be loyal customers.

I can't give these jerks enough negative stars...
I'm SO SICK of seeing them trying to sell stuff on eBay for criminally high prices...  Hey, it's a free country where a seller is free to set whatever price he wants... but BBC Bikes is taking this to an extreme, and is either pricing their stuff SO OUTRAGEOUSLY HIGH in an attempt to inflate the used bike market (if so, shame on you!!
) or they're counting on nobody buying their stuff... instead using eBay as a form of cheap advertising...
Either way, GET OFF eBay!!!
You represent everything that eBay is NOT!!!!
You're ruining the used bike market!!!
I'll keep up my crusade against these guys...
IT'S JUST WRONG WHAT THEY'RE DOING!!!!
Sell bikes for what they're worth... Help proliferate the meaningful use of second hand bikes, NOT make them so F'ing expensive, nobody will buy them... You guys are evil.

these people think there better than you if your not an expert.
there prices are high, and would not recommend this place

Budget Bikes is amazeballs!
I used to take my old Peugeot here when I was in school.
I've had them change flat tires, help me figure out which new chain to buy, get recommendations on the best bike lights, and switch pedals that were severely stuck on my bike.
They were so so helpful, without being condescending--as some bike shop employees are.
I felt more confident and knowledgeable about bikes each time I left the shop.
I now live in SF, and there are two bike shops within a block of me, but I still dream of budget bikes.
Sweet dreams of supple service and friendly sales people.
I'm going back to Madison this Summer for a wedding and am thinking of renting a bike from them.
See you soon Budgie Bikes!
!1 (Budgie is the nickname I gave them, it is also a type of bird.
)  xoxo

The employees here are great and they were very helpful and patient in answering all my questions.
My main disappointment was in pricing - especially for the Giant hybrid bikes.
I found that all the Giant bikes I was interested in were priced $50 to $70 above the MSRP on Giant's own website.
The same bikes were available at or a few dollars less than MSRP at several similar independent bike stores in Milwaukee and Chicagoland area.
Because of those price differences, I lost trust in store's pricing policies and ended up buying a Trek from a different place.
Which is sad because given the quality of employees, I really wanted to give them my business but it is hard to do so when the bike that I liked was priced about 15% higher than the MSRP.

These guys wanted my license as collateral when I test drove a bike.
Too bad they didn't give it back to me when I didn't buy the bike.
When I came back later to pick it up, one of the guys who was on duty said "that's why I never take people's licenses"; the other guy replied "yeah, people never get 'em back".
So, people regularly lose their licenses there, and it's still a regular policy to take people's licenses?
And how come no one spent the 30 seconds it would have taken to google me and send me and email or call me?
I had to find out I didn't have my license when I got to the airport.
Good times.
Also, the prices for their used bikes are ridiculously high.
Definitely better off using craigslist or ebay.

I purchased my bike at Budget and then didn't use it for about two years.
Finally I wanted to dust it off and use it, so I brought it over to Regent St. for service.
I inevitably went to the wrong location (not the service center), but Ziggy still checked out my bike for me and pronounced it good.
Excellent customer service and I'd recommend it to anyone who needs a bike.

I bought my husband a bike here as a (surprise) Christmas gift.
When I went in to 1230 Regent, not knowing what would be right, the man who helped me (so sorry I can't remember his name), asked me appropriate questions to determine not jus what kind of bike, but also what size, then recommended 3 bikes in a variety of price ranges, and explained the pros & cons of each.
He assured me that when we came to pick up the bike I chose after Christmas, if it wasn't the right bike for my husband, there would be no trouble exchanging it for another.
And, there wasn't.
We went there today, and Andy helped us this time.
My husband liked the bike (a Trek), but when I began looking at a Day 6, my husband did too, and ultimately ended up deciding that was the bike for him.
The exchange was handled very quickly.
Throughout the 3 hours we spent at the BBC locations, getting the bikes, some accessories, and looking at racks for transporting them, all the employees we encountered were very knowledgeable and friendly.
As another reviewer pointed out, they were quite helpful without being in the least condescending.We especially appreciated Lois and Ziggy.
Finally, when we got home, I looked up the Day 6 bicycle on the manufacturer's website, and the price for it (current model) at BBC was almost one hundred dollars less than the manufacturer's.

I stopped in for some accessories.
The salesman was extremely helpful, asking questions to understand my needs and then recommending products in a variety of price points.
And, on a busy, summer Sunday they took the bike right back to install them while I grabbed lunch.
They've win my business.

I came to Budget Bicycle to fix the bent back wheel on my bike.
I was seen immediately, got great service, and was out in about 15 minutes.
It was also very inexpensive, and everyone was nice and willing to help.
I will be going back for all my bike repairs!

