The owners of one of Munich's most famous institutions, the historic Hofbrauhaus, have lovingly recreated it - across from the Hard Rock Hotel - down to the last detail, complete with beers, steins, and brass bands.
Stepping through the front door, you leave behind the arid desert air and glitzy casinos of Vegas as you're transported into a world of schnitzel, ale, and strudel, served in a beer hall with ornately painted columns and ceilings, or an indoor garden with chestnut trees and a fountain, by buxom dirndl-clad waitresses with rosy cheeks.
Having been to the original, I can attest to the autheniticy of the look, the feel, and the extensive Bavarian menu here.
Liver mousse is served with a pretzel baked with dough flown in from the fatherland on a daily basis.
If you like sausage, you must indulge in a wurstplatte, overloaded with Viennese franks, chicken and pork links, creamy mashed potatoes, and imported sauerkraut.
Pork roast with dark beer sauce and bread dumplings, fried filet of cod with warm German potato salad, and breaded pork cutlet with cranberries are among the other specialties.
Three versions of hofbrau - lager, a premium dark wheat, and a seasonal version - are on tap, and German, Australian, and California wines are available by the bottle or glass.
Naturally the atmosphere is loud and festive, as if it's Oktoberfest every day of the year.
If you're not part of a group, you probably will be before the night is over.
As highly recommended as it is totally unexpected for Vegas.

good food, but go here for the atmosphere...  having been to the original haus in munchen, this is a bit like going to eurodisney and expecting to be in disneyland.
it looks similar, but it's just not quite right.
nevertheless, i had one of the funniest experiences here for a late lunch.
2 buddies and i were in vegas for a show--stopped in for a stein and some sausages, and we proceeded to be ridiculed by a fraulein from omaha--serious attitude!
it was great.
next, it was octoberfest, and one of my buddies was yanked into part of the german band's act.
i thought i was going to piss in my pants.
anyway, great time, i recommend for a lunch stop.

Some highlights from my nights here:  A crazy German band singing "Sweet Home Alabama" and me and my buddies dancing on tables and banging glasses against each other so hard that they shattered.
An woman in her 40's yelling at my friend Mary because the guys in our group refused her advances.
"You didn't tell us your friends were gay!
", we heard her say.
My friend Ken nearly winning the stein holding contest, if it weren't for a couple of fat cheaters from Memphis.
Being surprised at how good the food I was eating was.
A female friend of my getting drunk enough to flash the people in the seats next to us.
Beer.
Glorious, glorious beer.
"The Vegas Video" - if you ask nicely, I might show it to you.
And, of course, stumbling out completely drunk off my ass, looking at my watch and realizing I was drunk before Midnight.

Okay if you can't make it to Munich and see the real thing then this'll have to do.
And, the added value of witnessing drunk southerners singing german folk tunes is priceless!

Fun place, with a real beer garden and great food.
Open late too.
Beware of the waitresses though, who seem more than happy to try to foist yet another liter upon you, inflating your tab further and further north...

Very good atmosphere.
High ceiling, long wooden benches and real German band playing what appears to be traditional german music.
Forgettable food.
The sausages did not any distinct flavor.
Taste almost like ball park franks from the supermarket.
Black forest cake was more cream than cake.
Minus 1 star.
I would come back for the beer, join the band in singing and dancing, but eat elsewhere.

Prost!
Not as huge as the O.G.
one in Munchen, but just as fun!
Get a 1 Liter beer for 8 bucks and prepare to get wasted!
Nice souvineer shop as well to get replica mugs and other apparel.
At night, fun times are had with entertaining music and everyone in the bar is friendly.
I never really ate here, except for a big azz pretzel, as a few of them beers will make you full.

Ist das nicht ein schnitzlebank?
Hofbrauhaus is a new drinking hall here in Vegas.
New as in 3 -4 years old here.
Exact replica of the original Hofbrauhaus in Germany.
Ok so here's my deal.
Location...across from Hard Rock.
Ok that's decent if there wasn't so much construction on this street.
Parking is in the rear, it's not so bad getting in as long as you don't have old people blocking the walkway to the entrance.
GRRRR WALK FASTER OLD PEOPLE!
So the beer is big and bitter served by good strong german women.
Pretty decent, Octoberfest beer.
You also have the dark ales and a few different lagers.
Seriously...who likes German food.
Kraut, Vienerschnitzle which is a breaded pounded peice of meat....sausages...and spaetzle.Bleah.
Needs ketchup or somethin.
Dessert was a black forest cake.
Eh...nothing really popped out at me.
The food was eh....beer good.
Polka band with a leiderhosin group of Original Polka Gangstas leading the chicken dance to tourists and kids who don't know any better that dance will get their butts kicked in school.
So to experience this German flair, go for it if you want to try a new experience.
But I just think Vegas has more to offer than that.

If you've been to Germany you might be able to appreciate the HB.
If you haven't, it's not worth a special trip unless you're looking for expensive and mediocre food.
Thankfully, it was all good since it was all free...
I visited Sept 2006.
If you're on your way to Munich, don't visit.
Save your appetite for the original.
Pros: + A friendlier gift shop in LV than in Munich + fun, loud, and festive atmosphere + German beer   Cons - the sausages don't seem authentic

Ha!
Just like Hofbrauhaus in Munchen!
Great time!
We had a nice waitress, great meal, and had a lot of fun reminiscing about our time in Munich nine years ago (has it been that long?).
Although I can no longer drink 5 liters of good German beer, I can revel in the fact that I'm in Vegas sitting in a fake beer garden.
I can also enjoy many varieties of wurst and a good tradtional gemischtem Salat.
Yum....And to think we were going to eat at Nobu.
If you go, try to sit in the beer garden unless you really want the authentic crazy entertainment (including the chicken dance, alpenhorn, and beer drinking songs...do I hear a " Zicke, zacke, zicke, zacke, hoi, hoi, hoi!!!"?

4 stars because i only had beer there, but didn't order food even though everything(!
) on their menu looked awesomely german.
great place to get a decently priced delicious beer off-the-strip (it's about 0.5 or .75 mi away -- walkable, but take a cab if you're lazy and it's 90+ degrees out).
the beers are delicious!!
and our bartender was friendly and attentive.
the hefeweizen was perfect, in my opinion, with a hint of citrus.
i really should have ordered a whole liter instead of half.
my boyfriend's dunkel was also really yummy even though i wasn't in the mood for a dark brew.
the atmosphere of this place was really chill.
but then again, we were there on a monday night.
bar area in the foyer as well as a gift shop, and a doorway leads to the main dining hall.
picnic-table-style seating from what i could see.

Again, I'm not a huge German food fan, but I just loved the live music and the large picnic-like tables inside.
It's loud, it's fun, and it's enterntainment.

This was a nice depature from the scene at the Hard Rock.
While the food was just okay (the sausages needed a little something extra and the sauerkraut was good with just enough sour), the tall and cold beers are what hit the spot.
I enjoyed the Wheat Beer plus the shot of something that my co-worker talked us all into having.
What better way to kick off a business trip and 'bond' with co-workers than raising your beer stein and singing along with the band?

I first went to this joint when I was in Munich and absolutely loved it.
I don't know what it was, but the bratwurst and sauerkraut, along with a huge stein of beer to wash it down was amazing.
Also, you walk outside and you're in downtown Munich, with all of its culture.
One time when taking a cab back to the Vegas airport, I saw this spot and was again enamored.
On my next trip, my friends and I went there for lunch.
The food and beer was once again top notch.
I think they must fly everything in from Germany or something.
However, the atmosphere was another story.
It didn't have the same energy level that the Munich location had.
Also, their attempts at creating a local experience (having performers on stage) seemed more like Disneyland than actually being in Germany.
To top it off, the location sort of sucks.
While its ok if you want to drive, its pretty far off the strip.
Everyone knows that when you go to Vegas, you want to be right by the strip.
At least the Carnegie Deli was smart in selection a Vegas location right at the Mirage.
But, I digress.....this spot still has great food and beer and one should expect everything in Vegas to be fake.
So, until I have the time to go back to Vegas, this place will definitely suffice.

Five stars for the mere REMINDER of Munich, beer gardens and Oktoberfest.
I came down from the Double down had a great buzz going already and the waitress served us a couple of rounds and then clocked out without charging us.
5 stars for that alone, the Spaten beer, the liter steins and the band and a great table with some maniac wearing a San Jose sharks jersey.
Prosit, dude!
Food, no.
This is not a food thing, if you need food, get a pretzel.
Las Vegas Uber Alles!

My group was looking for sushi and I was recommended to come to Hofbrauhaus to continue my attack on my stomach and liver.
The beer was great, Germans really know how to make beer.
The sausage was good but nothing out of this world.
The warm cranberry was great, I usually hate cranberries, you know the one that you get on Thanksgiving in the mold of a can.
Bottom Line: Come here for the beer and the atmosphere.
The band in their lederhosen was fun, especially when they ask for crowd participation.

"... you go...
I'm never leaving this place.
"  I'd like to say I rocked the Hofbrauhaus, but in truth, the haus rocked me.
The beer at Hofbrauhaus is flown in from Germany.
Their wheat beer is delicious and among one of the better I've tasted.
Like true German wheat beers, it is served sans fruit.
Huge steins of beer come as soon as you can order them.
The beer drinking ensues at your table and on-stage.
I was here during downtime in Las Vegas, Saturday at 2pm, so the place was far from packed.
The band was a husband-wife team and despite the fact that the beer hall was only sparsely populated, they performed like it was a full house.
With interactive songs that ranged from standing on your bench to pounding your stein on the table to the rhythm of the song, they constantly kept all patrons involved.
I could go on with some of the other tricks they have up their sleeves but I'll let you come here to see them for yourself.
Even after a tough session of playing trumpet and flugelhorn, they still make rounds of the hall and chat with you while taking slugs off their steins.
Both talkative and sapient about the tradition of the Hofbrauhaus, they're even willing to get a little personal.
I had to get them a round of apple schnapps shots before I left, it felt mandatory.

My first time here I was amazed at how good a job they did in replicating the original in Munich.
The decor is fantastic, and even the celings look the same!
The only difference I noticed is that the original has breathalizer machines in the restrooms, whereas they are conspicuously absent here in Vegas.
:)  You'll just have to guesstimate how drunk you get.
One comes to Hofbrauhaus for the beer, and it certainly does not disappoint.
My favorite is the dark beer, but the wheat beer is the real star:  If you have ever consumed some half-assed American knock off at a wheat beer, you'll see why the brewery even tried!
(I.E.
The German stuff is goooooood!!!!).
I've had a few food items here, and they were good.
I woudl highly recommend the 1/2 chicken with potato salad.
When this place is rocking, the atmosphere is the best.
The table setup and beer hall format really liven the place up.
You are likely to be seated next to folks you don't know, so half the fun is making friends while drinking copious amounts of beer.
The bar area up front is a bit more chill, and you can even watch the game on the 3 plasmas.
They also have a back dining area that is more suitable to families (it is away from the Polka band and not filled with drunken idiots like me).

Dude, this place is the schnitzel!
Awesome German grub, pretty blond waitresses in authentic German garb (and they're nice, too!
), and pretty much all the weiners and spaetzel you can eat.
Cheap for the amount of everything you get, too.
There's a live band most evenings, and it can be a little hard to hear, but that's why they serve massive quantities of beer.
They WANT you to yell at the top of your lungs, get all red in the face, overheat, and then barf in the bathroom.
Yes, yes, I did.
But the bathrooms are right next to the lovely beer garden, so be sure to poke your head in there for a peek.
Love this place.
Love it!

Coolest place in Vegas!!!
It's so much fun...very good for birthdays and big groups...but only if you want to go and sing, drink, and dance...not if you want to talk.
It's a bit loud for talking.
Steins are $12.
The big pretzels (OMG, so good) with fixins are also $12, which is a must have.
We didn't have much room for dinner so we split the half roasted chicken...which I think was also $12.
Bill with tax and tip came out to $80+ for two....man, those steins add up!!

Exact replica of the Hofbrauhaus in Munchen!
Except that the outdoor beer garden is not really outdoor.
I need to dig out my pictures from Germany because it was so similar, I felt like I was teleported back in time to one of my fun trips through Europe.
My co-worker and I were transported back and forth past this place on the way to the Convention Center and when it was time to eat, we agreed to check this place out.
It's diagonal from Hard Rock and huge - hard to miss.
In the front there is a cute gift shop w/ cheesy souvenirs like beergarden girl aprons and the huge steins w/ the Hofbrauhaus logo.
We were greeted by a friendly German man who smiled and asked if we'd like to be seated next to some good-looking men.
Haha - the tables are large and you will sit (if you're in a small party) with other parties.
Unfortunately, no one was there (men anywhere near our age) so we were seated next to a grandma w/ her teenage granddaughter who was apparently applying for a job.
The band was playing in their leiderhausen, beers in hand.
Great atmosphere.
We started with a jumbo Oktoberfest pretzel that came with a tasty spread on the side, and mustard.
Great starter!
I'm not a huge beer fan, but had to get one to be in the mood.
It came in a big ol' mug - it was their version of hefeweizen.
I wasn't lovin' it, but I drank it anyway.
For my meal I ordered the Majoram - veal bratwurst and it came with red cabbage and mashed potatoes.
I had to get some spaetzle on the side, but it was flavorless and disappointing.
The red cabbage, which I didn't really want, was good.
The bratwurst, also good.
We also got sauerkraut and that was good as well and served warm.
My coworker got this inappropriately large sausage sandwich - the HB Riesenbratwurst.
We had to take pics b/c it was so long and huge.
Hilarious.
She was hammin' it up.
No room for dessert, but my coworker had to have some German schnapps - completely different from American schnapps.
I was blown away by how potent the pear one was, but the apple was good.
And strong.
By the end of the night we were stuffed.
I don't recommend this for dinner before going clubbing.
Better for the day of your flight home so you can waddle around and sit.

This place is fantastic!
The first time I went, I was concerned that it would be an imitation of the original.
Not the case.
The beer is great, and the food is spot-on.
The atmosphere is better in Munich, as the building is older, etc.
But this is a great recreation without having to fly all that way.

I have been here several times and the food keeps me coming back.
Not to mention all the house beers on tap.
It was someones birthday the last time we went so that made the band extra lively.
We walked out full, buzzed, and with bags of souvenirs.
This is one of the main reasons why I travel to Las Vegas now.

I had my bachelor party dinner here and it was an absolute blast!!
Good friends, steins of beer and crazy beer chants every 30 min.
Can't beat it.
How some of my friends were able to down 5 liters during dinner is beyond me.

Oktoberfest all year round!
I'm not a beer drinker but I find myself downing a liter of beer whenever we go to Hofbrauhaus.
It's just so fricken' good!
Such a fun environment with live music and waitresses with the cutest bar maid outfits.
I totally forgot that I was part of the minority because everyone was so warm and friendly.
Definitely a cool place to bring the tourists.

WOO-HOO!
Hofbrauhaus!!!!
This place is such a great time!
People are singing, dancing and drinking beers that are heavier than my head.
They have a german band, german beer girls, and lots and lots of german beer.
I had so much fun here, and I met that crazy lookin fool from West Coast Customs, you know that guy with all of those piercings in his face.
Good times.
I take off one star, because the food.
The food is not so good.

This place is a riot.
We were there on a Friday night and it was going OFF.
We walked into the enormous beer hall with people dancing on the tables, weaving around the room in dancing chains and singing at the tops of their lungs.
The band looked like a traditional German band, but instead of belting out the German classics that no one knows, they were belting out Neil Diamond and other classic American hits that we all know and can sing too.
There were chugging contests and the lederhosen clad star waiter laid down on his back, on a table and played a 10 foot  Ricola style horn - I am not kidding.
The beer is awesome and the food is yummy and authentic, albeit a little mass-produced.
If you want some good ol' Bavarian beer hall fan, I can't think of a better place to go outside of the real thing.
They really went all out replicating the original.

I have to admit, I went here with high expectations after reading Yelpers praise this place.
I'm sorry folks, but it was just way too German for me.
I know that to most that is the charm of the place, its authenticity, German food, music, etc.
and what did I expect of a place called Hofbrauhaus!
But, I couldn't overcome my English squeamishness about Germanic culture!
Yes, the beer was cold and tasty, although the selection was limited to 3 choices.
Food was ok, plain and filling.
The band was very pleasant and eager to entertain.
Some of the band members were so young they couldn't even drink beer (at least not in the US).
The crowd was not too into the music so it was a pretty subdued atmosphere.
So, go here if you are really into German food and culture otherwise go somewhere else.
Should have gone to Crown & Anchor instead!

I went to dinner here, since I had never been to a German restaurant before.
The food was very good, and pretty reasonable.
The only compliant that I had about the food is it was delivered very fast (10-15 minutes after we ordered it).
In addition, the servers seemed to be in a bit of hurry (running around a lot).
However, the noise level in the main dining room was deafening.
I was expecting it to be loud, but not rock concert/club level loud.
After 5 minutes, I asked my server if we could move to the beer garden.
She was very polite, and allowed us to move there.
I could still hear the live music, but it least it was at a reasonable volume.
So, if you are either drunk, crazy, or hard of hearing (or a combination thereof), you'll enjoy the main room.
However, if you don't fit into any of those categories, then you will find the beer garden to have a much better environment.
If you don't like to hear lively music at dinner, don't go to Hofbrauhaus.

Looking back, I realize I was trying to do the impossible.
I went here  hoping that it would be a genuine replica of that famous Bavarian brewery that first introduced me to beer.
I went here with visions of pork shoulder, giant soft pretzles, and, of course, liters of delicious beer.
I guess one out of three ain't bad.
This Hofbrauhaus isn't much to look at outside, but once you step in the dining hall, you realize very quickly what you're getting into.
The setup is very true to the original: high celings, an oompah band, and short skirted waitresses.
Slowly, however, things started seeping in.
The closest thing that the band came to a genuine German song was the 'chicken dance'.
I looked all around for those big pretzles that compliment their beer so much, only to find out that the pretzle that comes with your meal is of the small, hard variety.
I was very dissapointed at the size of the portions, too.
My girlfriend got a sausage entree & it came with a minimum of sides: a pretzle.
We had to share my plate, the 'Schweinebraten'.
The food was good, but I really expected more.
Aren't German dishes supposed to fill you up?
I was very satisfied with the beer, though.
It tasted like it did three years ago, and they stick to the original or dunkel.
When it comes to beer, you don't come here for variety, you come for quality.
Also, it was really loud, so don't come here expecting a nice, quiet dinner with your sweetheart.
To recap: The food was good, but a ripoff, the beer was great, & the atmosphere mediocre at best.
I know I set the bar high, but even with that factored in it wasn't that great of an experience.
Would I come back?
Only if someone else is paying.

So a friend was saying that he wanted to visit this place during this past trip to CES.
While waiting at baggage claim at LAS, I saw an ad for the place on the humongous TV screens, and it looked like a lot of fun.
So we decided to make a trip out there, and were definitely not disappointed.
Although I don't necessarily like loud places, this was still a lot of fun, and it was amazing that for the 2 hours we were there, the band never seemed to stop, and they just kept going on and on with barely a pause, playing lively music, playing games, starting a conga line, etc.
But more than just the entertainment, which was definitely a lot of fun, the food was also excellent.
I was surprised that I was able to scarf down a plate that had a sausage, pork cutlet, some other pork cut, mashed potatoes, and sauerkrat so quickly!
It was damn tasty, and I washed it down with a stein of beer.
It probably also explains my weight gain after this last trip to Las Vegas... :D

LOVED this place!
We went here in October 2007 and had an absolute blast!!
The beer was cold and delicious!
It was crazy fun - just like the pictures you've seen of the annual Octoberfest in Munich, but less people (of course).
The band even pulled my girlfriend on the stage to do the chicken dance.
Speaking of chicken, we had the chicken sausage with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes -- they were really good (especially after 2 liters of Hefe!!).
I can't wait to go back here on our next trip (coming up in March '08)!!!!!!

I came here for my friend's birthday party.
I wasn't too impressed by the food (I mostly ate sauerkraut and sausages), since it was very salty!
I love pretzels, but of course, these pretzels were the cold, hard ones and I love the big, soft, warm ones.
I like the fact that this place is a huge beer hall, good for groups, and that they brew their own beer the old fashioned German way.
I went during the day time, but I'm pretty sure it gets crazy at night.

Hofbrauhaus is all about the experience for those who love beer and enjoy the silliness of anyone willing to make a spectacle of themselves.
All this takes place in their Beer Hall where you'll find yourselves sharing a table and bench with a bunch of strangers.
If all goes well and you're friendly enough, you'll have a good time and a few laughs while you're at it.
The important thing here is to MAKE RESERVATIONS!
A Saturday night can easily be an hour plus wait and even worse if your party is huge.
So, whatever you do, call ahead!
Otherwise you'll be stuck at the bar and peeking through the windows hoping for your turn in the hall.
It's been awhile since I was in Germany or had any German food, but all I could remember is some kind of noodle I wanted.
Spatzle, it's called - and you can get a side of this dish.
Definitely get it with a side of mushroom gravy (which is more like cream of mushroom gravy) 'cuz it's so good with it!
(The spatzle does come with other entrees though.
)    The BF got the Hofbrauhaus Platte which is a decent combination of just about everything - "Smoked Pork Loin, Pork Roast, smoked sausage, Dark Beer sauce, Sauerkraut, and Mashed Potatoes.
"  The sausage was pretty good, but the pork loin reminded me of corned beef (the kind you serve on with cabbage).
The pork roast was a bit dry for me, but the BF ate it all up.
A good helping of sauerkraut helps this go down easily.
Our friend also ordered this sausage dish that had his wieners sitting in a water bath when it arrived in a big ole bowl.
Slather on the sweet mustard and it's pretty grub!
Of course, you have to wash this down with some beer - a liter size mug if you can hang.
(I cannot.
)  Check to see if they have any seasonal specials because it's worth ordering those instead.
(And be sure to read that newspaper they leave for you when you get the menu, sometimes the specials are listed there instead.
)  Hofbrauhaus is the kind of place you go with friends - the more, the merrier.
It gets loud and crazy and the service is good.
Waitresses and servers are busy, keeping your beverages full and your bellies happy.
(You'll see people from all ages here - toddlers even!
)  They have live music where you'll be expected to sing along (and drink along).
Weekday lunch specials are available too.
Side note: They are right next to the Hyatt Plate Hotel, so parking gets really full.
They do offer free valet service though.

This is the ONLY one replica of the original Hofbrauhaus Munchen in the USA.
German folk music, singers and dancers.
Not that authentic sometimes, hey, we are not in Munchen.
Everyone there (very diversified clientele)  is LEGALLY forbidden to be worried or sad.
All with big smiles, cheers, and of course shouting "Prost".
Waitresses in dirndl warm and nice.
Even the petite waitress from Hong Kong was trying hard to exhibit a cleavage :-)  Wonderful place in Vegas.
BTW, you can also buy collectible biersteins here that are still made in Germany

The atmosphere in here is loud, boisterous and totally fun.
They have live folk music, live bands playing, and there is even dancing.
The waitresses are all dressed up in German garbs, there is a lady who walks around with shots of jaiger & a big paddle.
You buy a shot, you get a spanking.
it's awesome.
When we went it wasn't TOO crowded, we got a big table right away and our beer came in these cute small steins for me, and big ol stein for him.
SO cute.
Our waitress unfortunately, was not very friendly, but we didn't let her ruin the night.
I would definitely suggest this be a place to go for a big group so you can get loud and crazy!

This place isn't too great.
Their seats are very uncomfortable, as they're all big benches like at a picnic.
It's a big place with really no decoration, and the ambiance was pretty bleh.
The clothes on the women weren't too shabby, hehe, but the food wasn't good.
We ordered the special of the day- the goulash.
It was AWFUL.
It was just a bunch of meat slapped together with god knows what, then under, some sauerkraut.
Now, I love all these ingredients-but how is this a goulash?
The flavors (not that there were any...) just collided with each other, and overall it didn't work together.
Plus it's very expensive for what they serve, and I had 2 small cups of diet coke (which they didn't bother to fill even the whole way) which they charge $3 for each!
How ridiculous!
The only reason I'm giving this 3 stars instead of 2 is because of the great dessert.
Although skeptical, I ordered the special which was a strawberry rhubarb strudel which was pretty good-taste and texture...I'd give that a 5 stars :)  Hope this review helped!

OK, I LOVE the Hofbrauhaus- but not because of the food.
The food is bordering on bad- but bad in the Denny's sort of way.
I think it's German Denny's.
But let's get to the reason I love it!!!
First of all, it's actually built like a Hofbrauhaus.
Tall, rounded ceilings, a long hall full of picnic style tables where you sit with strangers, and a LIVE German Oompa band!!
Yay!!
It's like German Disneyland, with music, dancing (normally the chicken dance or some sort of chain style of dancing).
Most times I've been there I've run into Europeans- Germans, Austrians, Swiss- and they know all the songs and sing along!
I've even seen a few dance on the tables.
It is not unusual for diners to dance and participate in the entertainment (though it is not required!
)  The bands change every few weeks or monthly, so every time I go it's a new experience.
Some of the bands specialize in things or have different 'activities' such as playing the long alpenhorn, dancing the chickendance in a chicken mask, or one time a band member had people throw coins into his tuba!
If you want to eat, the pretzels are okay, and so is the cheese dip.
I also eat the potato soup on a regular basis and it's fine.
The salads are okay.
I was not impressed by the schnitzels I've had there.
The sausages were ok, but they're hard to mess up.
Of course they have German Beer, and a sad selection of wine (I know they have Riesling, but no Gewurtz).
And they have Schnapps paddles.
One good natured waitress posed pretending to spank my boss with the schnapps paddle!
The waitresses are normally not German, but it's Vegas, so just go have a drink and have some fun!

I remember the sausages to be meatier and juicier in Germany.
The beer was fab and the atmosphere was hilarious.
I'd go back for the dose of happiness but maybe i'm more of a kielbasa kind of girl vs. a brat.
the pretzels were interesting but for $12?
hmm...
I'd rather have another liter of beer.
the beer was AWESOME.
huge.
this is how it should be.
see my pics!

German sausages, sauerkraut, mashed potatoes and pitchers of beer!?!
i loveeeeeeeee this place.
the environment is sooo fun.
its a great place to go with ur friends!
they have beer holding stein contests, live german music.... and the seats are large picnic tables and ceiling is high as hell.
its pretty much the beer hall of USA.
its a replica of the one from Munich, Germany which i hope to visit one day =) u must check it out if ur in vegas!!

This is a great place for dinner.
The beers are excellent as is the food.
The atmosphere is unique.
I always stop here for dinner when overnighting in Vegas.
Sure beats the casino scene!

Wow...This place was just terrible.
There was pretty much nothing for a vegetarian.
I ordered a pretzel and cheese and it was nasty.
Would never go to this place again.
I should mention that it is fairly authentic.
So, if you are into those hard nasty pretzels they sell in Germany, you'll probably like it.
Personally, I'm more of an Auntie Anne's fan.

um yea this place is just not my scene.
Waitress was really nice and food was served pretty quickly and was hot, but I don't like sausage or sauerkraut -so I was kind of screwed.
Got the schnitzel and it was very heavy and fried and I felt sick for the rest of the night.
BUT the pretzels were AWESOME!
mustard and cheese to dip it in.
Very tasty!
But at $13 a piece - kind of pricey!
oh yea and the beer was pretty good too, although the slamming of the glasses together scared me.
I was convinced they would break, but they are apparently very durable/ strong glasses.
Most fun?
watching the hammered gay fall face first into the stage (where the band was playing) without putting his hands out to stop his fall.
Lots of crazy singing/dancing etc.
Worth at least one visit for the interesting experience.
If I ever go back again - it will be too soon.

Aww.
These reviews are upsetting me!
On my last trip to vegas i randomly stumbled upon this in my hungover state on the way to Rehab, but the girls I was with didn't want to go.
Since then I've been dying to go and relive the experience I had at the Hofbrauhaus in Munchen last summer but I'm not too sure about it after reading the reviews!!
In Germany, even though the conversion rate from dollar to euro is crap, our meal was still inexpensive.
I'm a vegetarian so I ordered the mushroom soup.
Which probably had chicken broth in it, but eh, what you don't know won't hurt you and I was starving.
And in Germany.
Not many options for a strict vegetarian anyway.
it was delicious and pretzels were..hmm.
about 1.50 euro if my memory serves me correctly??
So with last year's conversion rate of $1.35 = 1 euro, it would have been under $3 for one pretzel!
Paying $13 for one pretzel is going to be a bummer...maybe I won't check this out when i head to vegas on Monday, maybe I'll let it wait for when we go in August...

What's not to love about the Hofbrauhouse??
After touring and well...drinking absurdly in the original in Munich I decided that Vegas couldn't possibly match it.
Was I wrong...  Our US location meets if not exceeds the original with fresh brew served in Liters and outstanding traditional Bavarian food for you to fill yourself up on before hitting that roulette table at the Hard Rock across the street.
If your an avid lover of traditional German cuisine, this place is a MUST and also please, take home a liter glass...it gives you bragging rights as to your accomplishment in the city of sin.

As a wise man once said: "You don't win friends with salad", Hofbrauhaus is not the type of place for your veggie "friend" who reminds you every three minutes why they dont wear leather shoes.
If however, if your enjoy decent beer and excellent german food, not to mention german oompah music, then this is the place for your.

I had so much fun here when I visited with two friends.
We started with 40oz steins of beer and settled in for what was supposed to be an hour wait  (be smart, make a reservation).
Instead, after about 20 minutes we were whisked in to be seated at the German beer hall style bench seating.
The oompa band was playing and immediately we were involved in the action.
"Stand on the bench" the singer kept yelling.
"Raise your steins!
" he continued.
Where else do you get to stand on the table, sing, chug beers and not get tossed out?
Our fellow diners were sauced and having a great time, but never rowdy or unfriendly.
We got a plate of sausage and some incredible pretzels.
The waitresses were awesome and very sexily dressed in classic tavern maid garb.
The action continued with drinking contests, the playing of the horns, and stein holding contests.
Get there early because the place shuts down by midnight.

Very good atmosphere.
High ceiling, long wooden benches and real German band playing what appears to be traditional german music.
Forgettable food.
The sausages did not any distinct flavor.
Taste almost like ball park franks from the supermarket.
Minus 1 star.
I would come back for the beer, join the band in singing and dancing, but eat elsewhere.

Good bless German people.
Sausages.
Pretzels.
BEER THE SIZE OF MY HEAD!!!
Seriously, go on a Saturday night.
Dinner which would usually take 2 hours, turns into a 4 or 5 hour entertainment spectacular and the next thing you know you've been entered into a women's beer chugging contest and you're boyfriends is holding a beer stein in front of him for what seems like hours!!!
It's spectacular!

while in vegas, we decided this would be a fun place to go for a birthday.
just a quick taxi ride off of the strip, i would suggest this place to people who like beer and some rowdy fun.
the food wasn't anything to write home about, although the cheese pretzel is amazing but expensive.
you have to get the beer (i got the summer light one) and don't be a wuss, get the liter, it's humongous.
beer was a little expensive too, but cheap compared to the strip.
the band provided a good ambiance, the contests were fun (especially with a buzz), and get a spanking by the jager girl if you're man enough (you'll get a shot out of it).
if i ever end up in munich i will definitely look this place up.

I came here with friends and wanted to like this place, but it just didn't do it for me.
Five reasons to not inflict this farce on yourself:  1.
The food is bad - it's like a German Denny's (thank you Shannon F):  Salty overcooked sausages and spam type meats layered on mushy vegetables.
For $20+ an entree no thanks.
The beer is bad - wtf??
A "German" restaurant with only 3 horrible horse piss Miller Lite tasting draft options?
How can this be?
You are offered three house draft options: light medium or dark - I went with dark and it was probably the worst Germanic or European beer I have ever had.
There are many bars in Vegas with a hugely better selection, Gordon Biersch, the Freakin Frog and the Yardhouse all come to mind.
The great big echoing hallway style room is loud - and wait til that godawful Oompa band starts up.
You won't be able to make conversation with or hear your friends, which can really be a negative in a dining experience.
And the band itself is not that good - sharp and brassy with too much piercing horn, not subtle or refined.
Accordions!?
They were like toddlers given a whistle: look I can make the dog cry with my earsplitting melodies!
Maybe if you were sh_tfaced it would serve as music - but how can you get there with the beer tasting like donkey sweat?
There is a gift shop in the entrance.
I am not a fan of restaurants with gift shops.
Esp when they come with a heaping side of bad food, bad drinks, and bad music.
I was expecting a higher quality experience.
I suppose if you were drunk or high - hey it's right next door to the Hard Rock, most probably are - it would be passable.
Sadly I wasn't.

I'll try to avoid the ironic in this review, it'll be hard.
When nothing in Vegas is what it appears it's almost certainly not a surprise to find an authentic Bavarian beer hall and garden there.
And of course I was sceptical.
It does have that familiar Vegas sheen which sanitises everything the eye can see, but was most remarkable for me was that the beer hall smelled right.
Literally.
Our sense of smell is potent in evoking memories of past events and the beer hall evoked, well, a German beer hall.
Oh yes, and the beer is pretty good too!
Park your cynicism at the door.
Enjoy.

Once you walk in, all you hear coming from the restaurant area is FUN FUN FUN, NOTHING BUT FUN.
Damn cool place.
The food is ok, but you're really going for the festive atmosphere.
I went there with a couple of buddies last year and can't wait to go again.
Big ass beer steins, hot Fraulein waitresses, great lively music.
Everyone is in a festive mood.
Just a cool place.

[teaser review]  Food?
3 stars, bratwursts and schnitzels and obaszter, Oh my!
Drinks?
4 stars... ONE... LITER...
BEERS.
I had two in about a half hour.
Fun?
5 stars.
Mona.
You reeled back and swung that paddle at my tush like it was a home run derby!
You said I must be used to eating sausage.
You called me a p*ssy for only throwing down 2 liters of beer.
I think I'm in love with you.
[end teaser]   ============   For starters, out party of twenty had the simple and accessible pretzel appetizer; a huge, coarsely-salted, baked pretzel served with dipping mustard (one tangy, one sweet) and a tasty obaszter cheese...
This appetizer was unremarkable but appropriately festive for the beer drinking that would soon ensue...  As the fiery-spirited and lovely Mona made her rounds taking drink orders, our party would erupt into booing and jeers toward the few who ordered anything less than the 1-liter stein of beer, often harassing them into ordering big...
I opted for the 1-liter dunkelweiss, a dark bier, toasty @ 5.5% alcohol.
Oh, if only they had the Maibock at the time (7.1%)!
The menu offers a varied selection of Bavarian dishes, many to do with wursts.
Most were of two varieties; either wursts(sausages) served in sandwiches (w/fries) or wursts plates (usually with cabbage, or potatoes - mashed or salad).
A number of dishes present the sausages afloat in a small cauldron of simmering beer/broth... tasty, but visually unappealing, IMO.
I went with the Riesenwurst, a grilled sausage with sauerkraut, served on french bread...   Making up for having slept through this part of the Vegas trip last year, I chug'd chug'd chug'd away, finishing my liter first, raising my empty glass to applause and laughs.
But as I reveled in my accomplishment, a dirndl-dress clad Mona would set down another liter in front of me... slack-jaw'd and puppydog-eyed, I looked at her.
Her response?
With a wink and a smile, she says "Come on, I can put down 5 of these..."  Somehow I got through it.
2 liters of dunkelweiss.
One riessenwurst and sauerkraut sandwich.
A pint of Summer bier.
Then she looked at me, "...
another?
" "Oh dear gawd, no, please!
" I stutter.
She smirked and walked away.
I guess we weren't NEAR done just yet.
And then came shots of apple brandy served on a wooden paddle... and the paddling.
Yes, paddling.
With me bent over the end of a table, Mona reached into my back pocket to take out my wallet, insuring nothing would get in the way...  Twenty friends counted her down.. "one", "two", "THREE!"...
as she swung for the fences...
THWACK!!
I didn't flinch, but it hurt like crazygood!
Like crazy... good.
I asked for another.
__________________________ Yup, kinda got a crush on Mona... Foul-mouthed, emasculating, paddle-swinging hotness.
I've got issues, don't I?

I think the only reason I go there is because of the authentic atmosphere!
I am not a big fan of the food; very greasy, and ALL about bratwurst.
However, the pretzels are delicious, and the beer is tasty.
SO, basically, if you want to listen to polka music, and watch drunk men pound their fists/cups on the tables, then definitely make a trip to the Hofbrauhaus!

I've driven by this place so many times and from the outside - it looks like a cool building, but nothing really out of the ordinary.
There is no way anyone would ever know what goes on behind these walls by simply viewing the place from the outside.
Our party was three, my Girlfriend, my Girlfriend's close friend, and myself.
We went on Saturday night around 9:00pm or so...the place was a mad-house!!
You could hear the revelry from the lobby!
Right away, I knew this was going to be a unique experience!
After checking in at the podium, we were ushered into the room...long tables lined up and down the dining hall and in the back was a small stage area with a traditional "oom-pah-pah" band going to town!
As we made our way to our table, I saw large breasted women carrying Litre sized beer mugs, 3 in each hand!!
People were standing on tables, crashing the beer mugs together and joining in traditional German toasts - then promptly quaffing their beers with a resounding "PROST!".
Finally getting to the table - we got a chance to view the menu...all kinds of choices of traditional German fare.
I ended up having a platter that had smoked tenderloin, sausage, and a pork chop served with mashed potatoes and saurkraut!
Yum!!
My Girlfriend had the Weiss Wurst platter - three long sausages over a bed of saurkraut.
Both of us had a Litre of the Dunkel - their darkest beer.
It was delicious!!
Dinner commenced with lots of commotion, singing, drinking, and all around mayhem!
We thought the food was pretty good and the beer was awesome!
I highly recommend the pretzels...a great appetizer to share, as they are HUGE!!
Final thoughts on this place - this is NOT the place to go for a romantic dinner and probably not a place you would just go with your significant other, that is unless you are like us....my Girlfriend is German and loves beer more than me!!!
So, for us - we had an absolute blast.
Just be sure you know what you are getting yourself into before you go....otherwise you will most likely be disappointed.
The prices are a bit steep - but hey, it's Vegas!!
Nothing is cheap here - unless you are way off strip!!
Prepare to drop some coin...those beers are close to $14 a pop!!
Still - this IS the place to come with friends...bring a big group!
You won't regret it and make sure you bring a camera...we got some priceless photos!
Taking a shot, bending over the table, and getting a firm spanking from Brunhilda...now that's a unique Vegas experience!

Omigod!
Ever since I found out that we get a 20% discount on our perks page at work, I've been itching to check this place out.
Sam had been to the original Hofbauhaus when he was in Munich and being the beer connourssier that he is, we HAD to visit.
The parking lot as slightly small but they had valet.
We walked in and was greeted by these hostesses that dressed like 15th century beer wenches.
AHhhh....  Now to the goodies...
The food... We ordered a huge pretzel.
Yummy!
And then i got a bunch of pork based goodies.
I think as far as non-Asians, go, Germans make a good use of the pig in its entirety.
The food was great, the beer was great, they even had a live band and spoon dancing.
We ended up walking out with a beer glass and a boot shaped beer glass...   auf Wiedersehen!

Great beer, wonderful schintzel, spatzel, live music, spankings and more...  PROST!

I haven't had the opportunity to go to Germany and had the pleasure of experiencing Oktoberfest, but from what I'm told, this is as close as it gets in the good ol' U-S-of A.
The funny thing is, once you step inside the Hofbrahaus, there is NOT A TRACE OF LAS VEGAS.
the half liter/liter of Hefe Weizen is where it is at!
the music the atmosphere was pretty darn fun.
the food looked pricey, but we ate before coming, so i guess you can say the Hefe Weizen was a night cap.
The pretzel with the sauces was a compliment to the beer.
if you want a shot of Jagermeister in a test-tube being handed out by a hot blond, the price you pay is a nice paddle to the ass.
BTW, she asks you to spread them, tucks in the back end of your shirt, and makes sure you don't have anything in your back pockets, how thoughtful when someone paddles your ass.
Maybe I'll have the balls to get paddled, next time.
I'm pretty sure it will make me say (FUKKS-VAGEN!!!!
) Volkswagen.

Loud, rambunctious and ribald revelry in a festive Oktoberfest atmosphere with friendly service and tastey and filling fare.
Man, those Germans love their Meat!
Warm pretzel with mustard dip is true German comfort food and compliments your beer wonderfully.
You will order a beer, right?
Kind of got to at this place.
FYI, their glass mugs weigh about 12 pounds each ... empty!
Only gave it 3 stars because it didn't wow me, but it didn't disappoint either.
A little too loud for my taste, but then again, I'm approaching 50 so I'm probably being an old fart.
I just don't like having to yell at my dining parter 2 feet away in order to be heard.
Go for a good time and hearty chow.

Schnitzel Wiener Art: Classic breaded pork cutlet, served with cranberries and homemade Bavarian style potato salad.
Jumbo complete: giant pretzel served with 'Obatzer' Cheese, sweet mustard and onion mustard  Oktoberfest Braten Teller: Bavarian pork and beef specialty with pork roast 'hunter style' and Spatzle, marinated pot roast (sauerbraten) with vegetables and red cabbage.

Imagine you're at a large group dinner.
You order something modest from the menu, and since you drove to meet everyone, you order a soda or an iced tea because you're a responsible non-drinking-and-driving kind of person.
Now imagine that everyone else orders steak, lobster, and lots of alcohol, in addition to the multiple bottles of wine that somebody suggested.
The check comes, and "it's easier to just split the total evenly than to try to figure out what everyone owes.
"  So you end up spending $75 for your burger, side salad, and Diet Coke.
Admit it, you all know what I'm talking about.
Eating at the Hofbrauhaus is kind of like that, except everyone in your party is disappointed.
If you're in Vegas, stay on The Strip for God's sake!

I will definitely return...
The Hofbrauhaus has German Food, German Beer, and pretty girls and boys dishing out spankings.
Service is friendly and quick.... or maybe there was enough visual stimulation for me to easily forget how long it took between ordering and receiving our food.
They accommodate large groups and singles easily.
The pretzel platter with all the dips is a great appetizer, and I loved the potato soup.
yuuuuuuum.
oh yeah, and they have a full bar for those who need something a little stronger.
Where else can you grab a stein, stand on the table, and sing?
The best part is that it's like getting a really cheesy show for free.
Totally Vegas.
And you don't have to glam up to feel comfortable enough to have a great time.

It's October...and beer drinkers of the world know it's Oktoberfest!
The Big F and I celebrated at the only place that knows how to celebrate such an event in Vegas - Hofbrauhaus!
First off, make reservations!
You'll save yourself the headache and wait - do it online or on the phone!
And don't sit in the beer garden, you want to be in the hall for sure!
The special on Saturday is Frische Schweins Haxen.
"Crispy Pork Shank, served with Sauerkraut, HB-Oktoberfest Beer Gravy, Bread and Potato Dumpling" for $19.50.
For anyone that knows lechon, this is crispy skin at its ultimate!
A fabulous job on making that piece of meat visually appetizing and tasty!
They were also offering their Famous Bavarian Dumpling Soup for $5.50 and the HB-Dessert Tower of "Bavarian Cream with marinated Blueberries, Quark Strudel with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, and Black Forest Cake with Chocolate Sauce" for $9.95.
One friend ordered #310 Nurnberger Rostbratwurstl.
"Sausage at its Best!
Three roasted Pork Sausages with Sauerkraut and Mashed Potatoes" for $13.50.
The sausage was pretty tasty with a good flavor.
I went for their side of Spatzel ($4.50) and Mushroom Gravy ($2.95) because it's something simple and I like their gravy sauce here.
We also enjoyed their seasonal roasted pecans and almonds.
By the back, there's a cart making roasted candied pecans and almonds for $3.50 a bag or two for $7.
Pretty yummy stuff, especially when the nuts are still hot!
Hofbrauhaus is a place with a great atmosphere where you are bound to chat it up and drink a bit with your neighbors.
It's definitely not a pretentious crowd here, and you'll see people from all ages doing shots of jager.
(Pics posted!

Are you in the mood to get good and beer drunk in a very loud hall with drunky mcdrunkersons singing along to german tunes and getting spanked by a hot german chick after shooting a jaeger shot?
If so, this place is for you.
the beer is good - you got 3 choices, Dunkel (my fav) Hefer (which i dont care for) and the Oktoberfest (good stuff).
Dont go for the food, go for the party.

been here a few times now.
it's always a blast.
i've never been to germany so i can't attest to the authenticity... basically it's a big hall complete w/ a german band, german food, 2 kinds of beer (tasty), and a dominatrix shot lady walking around handing out shots with a paddle!
good times.

Summary: Amazing beer and atmosphere, good food, snappy service, patrons were kind of weird, and so loud my ears are still ringing  Pro: I went here with some of my buddies who wouldn't shut up about this place.
As other reviewers noted, it's a Bavarian theme, albeit not as authentic or good as the real thing.
For Vegas though, definitely good enough.
2 liters of beer and some bratwurst later, I was a converted fan.
My server Lorise was on the ball with our food and drinks, and extra accommodating as we had a few extra people join us halfway through our meal.
Con: So the seating is communal, so expect to get sandwiched next to some Orange County DB's and an obese family from Fresno.
We had the supreme luck of being seated next to a dude and his girlfriend that were all over each other like white on rice.
Also, it's stupid loud in the place when it's full of hundreds of drunk people, and a band playing the chicken dance.
We're talking can't talk to anyone, barely able to think loud.
PS- They have some really cool Tees and other beer related merchandise at their store in the front.
Beerfest fans, take note of DAS BOOT!

Hofbra is off the chain... bra.
I've been to the one in Germany, so the one in LV didn't really do it justice but got me all nostalgic anyway.
Pretty cool having alarmingly attractive young ladies in lederhosen (sp?
) serving me huge beers.
Dunkel and hefe are the way to go.
Didn't eat any of the food but the beers were somewhat expensive.
I think it was like $10 a beer or something like that.
The bartender lady told me they ship all their beer from the brewery in Germany which I thought was really cool.
Pretty awesome being able to rekindle some old memories there though.
Would definitely go back to eat and drink next time.

Hofbrauhaus Munchen Part Zwei  If you've been to the original, this will bring back tons of memories-- some you wanted to forget :-)  My husband is half german so he loved the authentic german brew, the homestyle german food, and the ompah band.
The atmosphere is frenetic between the live music, beer stein holding contests, and the guys with the jagermeister shots getting paddled.
That was probably the most amusing part of the whole evening-- watching a large-boned beer wench (can I say that?!
) paddling middle age men on the butt after they did a shot of jagermeister.
And they enjoyed it..... !
For me, I'm not a beer drinker, nor do I like the standard "pig and potatoes" german diet.
So eating my salad and drinking my glass of wine just didn't cut it in the biergarten.
It's a great place to take your friends, (girls) share a stein of beer, and try a fresh pretzel.
Let your hair down.
But go eat somewhere else.

We came here with some friends and let me first say that their beer is pretty darn good.
And that is coming from some people who love beer (my friends), and others (Jason and myself) who usually don't care for many types of beer.
That was the highlight of the experience for us as far as I was concerned.
The room was way too noisy to hold a decent conversation, but as the theme of the restaurant seemed to be "drink beer and get drunk", I guess I will let that slide.
The waitresses were forced to wear these god awful costumes that were suppose to make them look like German bar maids but really just made them look frumpy, whether they were or not.
And there was one poor decrepit 40 something who looked like she had prematurely aged due to partying to look more like she was 60, walking around with shots of Jager and a paddle that she was suppose to smack your ass with after you took a shot.
Now the food would have been good if it was served on a plane, but that's about in the quality range that I found it to be.
They came out with the plastic covers on them which indicated that they had just been heated up and sent out for us rather than prepared fresh, and upon tasting there was no doubt.
The mashed potatoes were the instant kind, my chicken breast was a flattened out patty of a thing, definitely frozen and refrozen a couple of times, and the gravy tasted like it came from a powder.
They did have a good soft pretzel that they served with an awesome cheese dip, but at $10 for a pretzel, I could pass it up.
My friends really liked the place though, even though one of them got the same exact meal that I did, only with beef rather than chicken... Maybe I am just expecting too much.
Then again, he did have twice the amount of beer that I did.
Maybe that's the secret to enjoying this place.
I would come here again, but only to have the beer.

Food was mediocre.
Beer was delish.
Service was bad.
Super long wait for the food.
We had to share a table with some weird people.
I do like my space.
Free entertainment was amusing.
This place was worth the experience, but I'll never come back.
If it's your birthday, they might have you do some pretty ridiculous things with a looong horn.
:)  Just a warning.

When I think of German beer, I think of (sorry) Heineken.
And I don't really like Heineken.
It was one of the first beers I drank when I was younger because it was a popular name, but I eventually branched out to beer I liked more as I grew older.
However, going to Hofbrauhaus sent the memories of Heineken out the window and sent myself home satisfyingly buzzed after having their lager -- a whole liter and a half of it!
Not only is their beer really good (and comes in large quantities), their food is great too!
I never knew I could have a fancy hot dog.
I ordered the Wiener Wurstl which is basically Vienna style frankfurters which came with a side of Bavarian Potato Salad, and damn it was the best wiener I ever had.
Um, hot dog.
Er, frankfurter.
I would definitely go back again.
Aside from liters of beer, and delicious wieners, they have a live band playing German music, and a lady that comes around and spanks you with a paddle for each Jagermeister shot you take.
It's a good place with lots of energy -- but also, as expected, really loud.

Little did I know this beer house was a replica of some famous beer house till I read about it later.
There were benches for seating...and everyone was in costume!
There was some live music being played and a very cheerful crowd.
It was hard not to be cheerful around this atmosphere.
The foot itself was ok.
I was starving after not eating all day.
I ordered the 'tower' special.
It came with three entrees of which included lots of meat.
yes some sausage...and red cabbage...the potato strudel was definitely the best thing i had that night--and i only got a little piece!
Their weizen is pretty good...coulda added a lemon but I just chugged it with my food.
hearty stuff.
waiter was super duper friendly....making jokes and just chatting us up.
hubs ordered sausage and he wished he ordered more after that...they were on the smaller side.

The Hofbrauhaus is a German beer hall that's a loud and rowdy good time.
There's a hot blond chick that passes out Yager shots and spanks patrons with a wooden paddle.
The food is mediocre, kind of just a bland carb.
fest, but the huge pretzel w/ a few dipping sauces compliments your beer quite well.
It's a bit loud for my taste, but worth checking out for a brew or two.

I won the beer stein-holding contest before I even sat down for my meal, so my review of the Hofbrauhaus may be a bit biased.
I love this place!
Don't go here for a quiet meal or a romantic evening.
If you come to Vegas for the same reason I do -- to live it up!
-- then this is a good place to visit.
After my boyfriend and I BOTH won the stein-holding contest we sat down for a biiiiiig liter of beer and the BEST soft pretzel I've ever had in my life, accompanied by the best mustard and cheese ever!
The Hofbrauhaus is just plain fun!
Don't expect totally authentic German...it's more German with an American tourist twist.
The rowdy atmosphere is fun, not annoying, and the food and beer is delicious.
I'll come back every time!

Top 10 things everyone needs to know about the Hofbrauhaus:   1.
This is a German beer garden.
This place will be loud.
Very loud.
(There is a quieter section which you can ask for, but why?
)  3.
The dining room is made up of huge tables, which means that unless you have about 8 in your party you will be sharing a table.
You will be encouraged to drink.
The food is mediocre.
The beer is outstanding (and I don't like lagers much!
) , and the only size it's served in is liter (don't order one of those smaller sizes).
You may get paddled (sometimes to the point where your arse is black and blue the next morning).
You will need to stand on your table and participate in the singalongs.
Apple schnapps goes down very easy and has little alcohol.
10.
You go here to have a raucous good time.
The only real downer is the service can be a tad slow, but only once (out of the 10 or so times I've been here) has it been overly bad.
(Closed circuit to the 45 people who said there was "No Alcohol" - Which Hofbrauhaus in a parallel universe were you going to?

Oktoberfest happens here EVERY night.
It's loud -- when we went there was a band playing louder than a WHO concert -- and the beers were flowing.

Hofbrauhaus is not too far off of the strip and a good place to go with a group of friends/colleagues.
If you are looking for a loud and fun atmosphere that is different from your typical night club scene in the big hotels, this venue will meet your needs.
I  especially like the traditional German folk band playing and audience participation.
The food is mediocre but the beer and atmosphere will make up for that.

So I made another trip here during the 2009 CES, and it was just as fun as ever.
It was just as lively as before, and the band did an excellent job of making this place a fun and entertaining evening for us.
At some point in the night, the band announced that a very special guest would be coming in soon, but we had no idea what to expect... (more on that later)  So my friend and I ended up with the jagerschnitzel, which is a fried and breaded pork dish that also came with some spatzle (handmade German pasta).
Not as big as my meal last time I was here, but still very good.
The one thing that is cool is that instead of bringing bread to the table, they bring out a soft pretzel and several dipping sauces.
The pretzel was very good, and for me, just the regular mustard was good enough.
Our other friend got another dish that was all sausage, and that looked really good too.
Our waitress was very fun, and came by to check up on us regularly, but not to a point that it got annoying.
She also noticed that my friend and I both had a bunch of cameras out, and told us that the "special guest" was about to arrive, and we should rush the big double doors before anyone else got there.
The doors open, and it's none other than David Hasselhoff!
So he comes in with a camera crew, my friend and I are busy snapping up pictures, everyone is rushing the area he is walking, and he makes his way to the band area.
He talks a little, and then starts signing "Freedom", and says that he is happy to be at the HOFFbrau haus.
It was definitely an enjoyable evening, and I think we will start to make the Hoffbrau Haus as one of our CES traditions.

We reserved a table for our group of about 12.
Group was all guys that had known each other since high school, plus a few that served together in Iraq.
We though the plan was to meet for dinner.
We had split up into smaller groups since we all wanted to do different things during the day.
Well, a lot of the other groups decided they would eat first and just show up for drinks.
Wish he had thought of that.
Beer was good, but expensive.
My favorite was the seasonal winter ale.
We had a lot of fun being loud, getting paddled by the shot girl, etc.
However, no one else there was being loud or anything.
The place was packed, but every other group was pretty subdued.
The band was OK.
I don't know much about German music so maybe they were more authentic or whatever, but their music didn't seem to get people going as much some bands I've seen at local Octoberfest events.
The place is what you and your friends make of it.
We had fun and I would have given it a higher rating if the food and service had been better.
I split a sausage platter with a friend.
It was around $20 and we got 3 sausages.
One tasted like an Oscar Meyer weiner.
We also shared an obatzer which was really good, but only came with one pretzel which was way too little for the giant lump of cheese.
We ordered another pretzel, but it never came.
Supposedly there is a pretzel girl sometimes; she wasn't there when we were there.
We were both still hungry when we left.
Some others in the group got burgers.
They we huge.
Man vs. Food huge.
However, they said they weren't that good.
Service was mixed.
Shot girl and souvenir girl were cool and basically hung out at our table since we were the only people buying stuff from them.
When you get a shot, the girl paddles you.
We saw one other person get paddled while we were there.
Most of our group got a shot and several got two.
Our actual server seemed like she wasn't happy to have the "rowdy" table.
She just kind of stood there.

If you don't like loud, crowded areas with lots of excitement going on, then you probably won't like this place.
The beer is awesome and the food is great.
Their pretzels are really good too.
Come on a Friday or Saturday evening when they have a lot of contests and live German music.
It makes the experience a thousand times better!

IMPORTANT NEWS FLASH----Beer chugging contest (read on)    THE ORDER:  Pretzel - the size of my head               - yummy w sweet mustard, spicy mustard, & oh my goodness                 cheese  2 HUGE beers - for me & my honey    YIPPPEEE  3p on a Sunday & i'm in a beer drinking contest - Awesome              - chugging down as fast as i can a 1/2 liter of FREE BEER              - no charge to enter contest = FREE BEER  Standing on bench              - singing & swaying to beer drinking song German guy performer - giving female patron a hummer w GIANT horn thing & performing a song at the same time.
- Now thats entertainment & some serious multi-tasking.
BOOOO  I lost the contest             - some other chic walked away w my huge cool free stein             - which in the gift shop cost $18  On my behalf             - i had just eaten a giant pretzel & had already drank a liter of beer              or i would have whupped some bootie  This place is kinda expensive but if u consider all the free stuff & great show it evens out in the end           - pretzel $12 (for bread, ouch)            - big beer w big price also like $12 each

Go here knowing that it's not really about the food.
It's about being able to have Oktoberfest any godforsaken night you want!
It's loud, rockus, and everything one could hope for in a evening of drunken revelry.
You're in Vegas.
You want a quiet, sedate, sober meal, take your ass elsewhere.
We didn't have to wait very long to get to our spot in the corner of the large beirhall.
We were in the back and I think when we go back, I'll request seat farther up front, so I can hear the band better.
And get a front row seat to the chuggin' contests and be able to actually see the birthday boys and girls who get pulled on stage to play with the band.
Our server was a hoot.
Very friendly and quick with everything.
I enjoyed reading "the news" in The Hofbrauhaus Times while we waited for our food.
Who knew that Vegas harbors an "underground Bavarian community"?!
As a vegetarian, I was wary (I lost about 6 pounds in the week I stayed in Austria).
Not a heap of option, but something (look for "Vegetarian" section of the menu or ask your server).
We shared the giant pretzel and I really enjoyed slathering the butter/cheese mixture onto the piping hot thing.
Me & the Mr. split the Allguer Ksesptzle, which is akin to mac'n'cheese.
Not very flavorful, but it was filling.
With all the bread and cheese, though, I thanked my stars they served a salad, or else I might have plugged up, if you know what I mean.
Oof.

Ohhhh Hofbrauhaus, how I love thee!
I admit staying at the Hard Rock Hotel on this trip to Vegas just because you are directly across the street.
(Turned out to be a big mistake as Hard Rock is a terrible hotel choice)  We went for Valentine's Dinner.
How romantic is that, right?!!
I made reservations even though they weren't needed.
When we entered the restaurant, there were approximately 10 people waiting for a table, but we were seated right away.
Make sure you get one of the $12.95 pretzels as an appetizer.
Best thing on the menu!
There was a special menu available including:   + Tomato Cream Soup garnished with Pretzel croutons and chives.
Delicious!
+ Chicken Schnitzel garnished with green asparagus and sauce Choron, served with parsley Yukon Gold Potatoes.
Sadly, this plate was sold out by the time we got there.
:( I ended up eating an enormous plate of sausage.
nom nom nom.
+ Valentine's Crepe "Romanoff" served with vanilla ice cream, marinated strawberries and whipped cream.
They have an amazing whipped cream.
One of the fun things about this place is watching the all female chugging contest.
The women all introduce themselves before downing their beer.
Based on their looks, we placed bets on who the winner would be.
I went with a puffy faced girl wearing a Wisconsin sweatshirt (how could I go wrong!?).
The winner ended up being some girl from Santa Barbara with NO gag reflex what-so-ever.
She didn't breathe once while downing her beer.
(I'm fairly certain all females from Santa Barbara have no gag reflex, but that is for another site.
)  One strange part of the dinner was the main guy on stage wearing lederhosen.
He was announcing everything and singing on the microphone.
He honestly sounded like Alvin from the Chipmunks.
It was so bizarre.
One of the better moments was another guy blowing the "Alphorn".
There was a wedding party eating dinner and they got the bride up on stage.
She was wearing a tiny skirt and they placed the large end of the Alphorn between her legs and.......well....... they blew her.
Watching her face was hilarious.
The horn blower announced that she was now "ready to go!
"  Ahhhh, good times Hofbrauhaus!
See you on our next trip to Vegas.

I love this place !
My friends had their wedding reception here and it was great.
Hofbrauhaus is german restaurant with a beer hall and a beer garden both awesome.
We dined in the beer garden which is made to look like your outside With the blue sky and trees etc.
You think your outside but your not.
Being a Saturday night the place was jumping with great live music.
They had a beerstein holding contest which was fun to watch.
The whole atmosphere is like one big party for both young and old.
As for the food and beer it's very good and I've been to Germany many times.
We tried the Nuenberer Rostbratwurst (3 sausages with sauerkaut and mashed potatoes ) $13:95 yum.
The Wiener Schnitzel (breaded pork culets with cranberries and homemade Bavarian potato salad ) $18:95 was Huge and enough for two.
Almost every table ordered the Jumbo pretzel ( with cheese and two kinds of mustard) $12:95 pricy but so good and a great starter to share.
All the beer is imported from German and served in huge beersteins.
The staff and servers all dress in old time german outfits that look cool.
I've saved the best for last the ( PADDLE GIRLS ).
The paddle girls are servers who bring you a shot that someone has sent you and after drinking it you bend over and get spanked.
This goes on all night with screams and cheers from the crowds of guest enjoying the fun.
Hofbrauhaus will be opening their first California restaurant in cupertino.
It will open  this coming June in the Valco mall .
I can't wait !

Great atmosphere, cold beer, and the pretzels and mustards are awesome.
I ordered one of the nights specials, a deep-fried pork shank with gravy and some potato and dough ball things.
I was bummed when the entree came out because I don't think it came immediately out of the fryer...I have a feeling it was sitting in the window a bit.
The outer skin was soo hard it was tough to cut into.
Some of the deeper meat tasted okay and was still somewhat moist but most of the meat and skin was dry and tough.
Bummer.
Did have a good bowl of goulash.
I should have just gotten some sausage dish, but it was still a fun dining experience.
I would go back if I was with friends who wanted to go back, especially if just for pretzels and beer.

If you don't walk out of here totally stuffed, wasted and deaf, then you haven't lived the complete Hofbrauhaus experience.
This place is just alive, and in a good way.
It's like you step in here, sit at one of the freakingly long picnic-style tables and you're sitting with family members you never knew existed.
I've never been to Germany, but if this place is anything remotely close to what a beerhouse in Germany would be like, then send me on a one way ticket there!
On my first trip here, I had noticed a guy at our table who looked like Vince Neil.
I yelled at the top of my lungs to my boyfriend, who was sitting right next to me (yes, it's really THAT loud in there) that I thought the guy sitting on my other side looks like Vince Neil.
My boyfriend tells me, "Why don't you ask him if he's Vince Neil?
"  I ponder that as I take a swig from my second liter-sized glass of beer, and decide, what the heck.
I'll ask.
Now, normally, I'm quite a shy and reserved person.
But we were in Germany, er, Vegas, and nobody knows who I am.
So what the heck?
I turn to my left, and tap "Vince" on the shoulder.
"Has anyone told you that you look like Vince Neil?
" I shout loudly enough to ensure the sound got through his long blond locks to his ears.
"Vince" turns to me and shouts back to me, "Look like Vince Neil?
I AM Vince Neil!
"  For a split second, I thought I was gonna pee a liter's worth of beer in my pants.
Then, in the next 1/2 second, "Vince" and I (still face-to-face) scream simultaneously.
I remember it either being a Maculay Culkin from Home Alone imitation (you know, the aftershave scene) or we were seeing who could do the best Sam Kinison impersonation.
It was one of the most hilarious times I've ever had.
I do believe he started signing "Shout At the Devil" at some point during the night.
I was so effin' buzzed, though, that I can't recall.
Good times indeed.

"heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy eyyyyyyyyyyyy eyyyyyyyyyy... ooh ha ha!!!
i wannna knowwww-ooohh-ooohhhhhhh~  would you be my girl!!!
"  i love going to HB haus cuz it brings back such great memories from the time i went to oktoberfest in munich ... wayyy back in 2003!!!
i love the band... the songs they sing.. the brats, sausages, pretzels.. u know, german grub..  AND of course the steins and steins of beer!!!
This is a great place to spend your "early" evening (dinner to around 11pm) before you head over to a more poppin' and happenin' place (i.e., club or lounge) to dance of all the calories you consumed from the food and beer!!!
CHHHEEEEEERRRS!!

Well.
This was certainly a different experience!
If you burned out on trendy, then go to Hofbrauhaus, where the food is ridiculously hearty, the mood is raucous, the servers are efficient but not glamorous, and the prices are reasonable.
Just eat a light lunch - seriously.
Get the pretzel.
Mmm....so good.

Wow!
This place was amazing.
I don't think I have ever been to anything like it before.
I group of about 20 of us went to Vegas over the weekend.
We were looking for a place to eat that would accommodate of all us at a reasonable price.
One of my friends had been to the real Hofbrauhaus in Germany and thought it would be a a good place to go.
It was a huge dinning hall.
Live music, that played all sorts of German music along with 70's and 80's cover songs.
Random but so cool.
Every few minutes they yelled,   "Ziggy zaggy ziggy zaggy oy oy oy,"  While raising the Stein and toasting to the evening.
Of coarse having German heritage and my last name being Kriege, I felt at home in this place.
I loved everything about it.
The atmosphere is one in a million.
The food was great and authentic German food.
They have 3 different house beers to choose from.
Tried all of them but the Hefe is still my favorite.
OK, I didn't want to spoil it but the best part was there is a Jager girl who walks around with shots.
But the catch is you have to get spanked by her wooden paddle after you take your shot.
And she's a feisty one.
Jager girl+ steins of beer+ good food + amazing atmosphere= the best experience ever!

Of course it can't compare to it's original in Munich, Germany...  but this Vegas gem of a German restaurant comes pretty close.
It is located near the Hard Rock casino and easy to get to by cab from most other casinos in Vegas.
I love the German food almost as much as the HUGE German beers, and the German entertainment makes the experience that much better.
I cannot leave Vegas without a trip here to remind me of days past spent in Bavaria.

So I'm not much of a beer drinker and I'm really trying to stay away from really rich and fatty foods.
So this was probably not a good choice.
The entire table looked down at me as my salad headed my way.
I knew I was hungry so I also ordered the creamy mushrooms since the waitress said that the serving size was like that of a side dish and would go perfectly with the salad.
Now...either she lied or she has one hell of an appetite.
My salad was rather blah and nor did it feel healthy as the chicken was kinda greasy.
And the creamy mushrooms....well, there were less mushrooms than cream.
And in between it all was this like huge ball of stuffing.
It was actually pretty good, but definitely not healthy.
And my non-beer drinking self...well, I washed it down with some good ol' iced tea :-)  The atmosphere was loud....pretty loud, but still exciting and fun.
Don't expect to hold any type of conversation while there, but do expect to get an opportunity to be spanked.
Yes...literally.
With a big paddle.
I think you get a free shot with every spank.
Oh yeah, and they take your picture as well.
Oooo...their hot pretzel....EXCELLENT!

This is a hidden gem in Vegas.
It is 5 for my husband and 4 for me because I am not much of a beer drinker.
My late father went to the Hofbrauhaus in Munich more than 30 years ago and loved it.
(He is the tie breaker here- making this a 5).
My family members followed him and we all went there in Munich several years ago.
We all loved the entire experience there.
This was our first time visiting a Hofbrauhaus outside of Munich and we were pleasantly surprised.
Although the building is a lot smaller than its German original, it reminded us of the good times we had there.
It is not quite as good as the original but very close.
The interior is very similar, the music was excellent, and everyone there seemed to be enjoying themselves - including a bridal party.
The food and beer were excellent - not the normal US copy of a German restaurant but the real stuff.
Our first reaction was that it is a shame that the restaurant is so far from the strip.
But if it was, it would be too packed to get in and it would be spoiled.
We highly recommend this place, it is definitely worth the cab fare.
Enjoy.

This place is pretty awesome.
Good beer, good food, fun entertainment, and wonderful for large groups.
If you want to take a Jager shot, be prepared to get your ass spanked twice.
Don't forget to tip the Ricola guys and don't be surprised if you see a celeb in there.
"RICOLA!!!

For my recent birthday (April 5 - mark your calendars for next year!
), I originally made reservations for Rosemary's.
However, a few hours prior, I decided that I couldn't go to Vegas without visiting HB.
I'm soooo glad that I made this last-minute change of plans!
The band playing that night was awesome!
They played oldies and even the Star-Spangled banner.
Sadly, I only had the 1/2 liter of beer, while my boyfriend had two 1-liters.
If you come here, definitely order the pretzel.
It's humongous!
It was so good that it was gone before I could take a picture.
Our server spanked me with a wooden paddle.
She just got hired a week ago.
Man, she must love her job.
HB - I'll see ya when I'm back in town!
Luv ya!

I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!
I'm always down to try out good brews and this place has some good stuff!
The food is so so but we really don't go here for that.
Just some drinks and good times!
Mind you, I'm not even German and I always come here when I go to Vegas.
It's funny, walking in there being the only Asians/Filipinos in the joint but I don't give a crap.
The people here show so much love.
I love screaming with the band, shouting out lyrics I have no clue that I'm talking about, and getting my butt whacked after taking a shot.----Don't know what I'm talking about?
Order any shot from the menu and laugh as your waitress smacks your behind with a paddle.
It's such a great time, especially after drinking out of those HUGE stein glasses.
If you like to have fun, drink and make noise, this is the place for you.
Bring your friends and bring a camera!
Be loud and just have fun!

Amazing food!!
Dishes are always hot and packed high!
Plenty to eat AND take home!!
Go towards the evening to enjoy an imported beer, hear imported bands and be part of the action with their Stein Holding Contest!

Ja, auch in Las Vegas gibt es ein Hofbruhaus, auch da spielt die Blasmusik, auch hier schmeckt die bayrische Kche und natrlich das Bier Ein riesiger Biergarten (430 Gste)mit Brunnen ist angegliedert, allerdings berdacht und buntbemalt.
Bekannte von mir machten tglich ab 17.00 Uhr Musik.
Zur Zeit kostet die Mass HB-Bier 10,95 US-Dollar.
Nicht nur in Mnchen wird Oktoberfest gefeiert, besonders auch hier im Nachbau des Hofbruhauses mit Weissbier und seinen ca.380 Sitzpltzen bei guter Stimmung Es ist schon eigenartig in der Wste Dirndl und Trachten zu begegnen.
Aber auch der Schweinsbraten schmeckte hier ausgezeichnet, es war schon ein Erlebnis..

This place was great, however we almost got more sausage than we ordered!
Let me start off by saying the atmosphere was great, live German music, great service and they had a fun clientel.
The food was good, not fantastic, but definitely good (which is the only reason why they do not get a five).
The table next to us had a group of about a dozen Austrian bikers.
We clinked glasses and exchanged pleasantries, however on closer inspection they may have been a little bit too friendly, because as we left there were a few too many lingering and disappointed looks, as if they had just seen dessert taken off of the menu!
The moral of the story is do not be scared of moustachioed gents dressed in leather, just know when to make an exit.

HB combines everything I love about Las Vegas with good beer.
An American version of foreign places (yes, New York counts) while providing loud music and a somewhat cultural experience.
The prices are a little high relative to quality, but after a couple tasty German beers things do not seem so bad after all.

This place is a new spot to hit when in Las Vegas.
Boy did i have fun,from the drinks to the food,it was a whole awesome experience.Staff is great,and service is on demand.
Tried the following:  Cremy Bavarian Potatoe Soup (really good)  Hofbrauhaus Platte: Smoked Pork Loin,Pork Roast,smoked Sausage with Mash Potatoes,great plate  A few Hofbru Original Steins  I got to see some adults get spanked and singing YMCA,its a must to experience this place,loud,so dont bring a conversation here,just laughs!
Enjoy

Good beer, so-so food.
My friends love coming here whenever we go to Vegas.
The main reason is because everyone prints out a coupon on their website for free beer with an order of any entree.
The food here never impresses me.
I've been here two times too many.
The service is pretty good, but is overshadowed by the bland food.

Hofbrauhaus is a BLAST.
Here's why:  This is the best recreation of a German Beerhaus or beer hall that I've ever been to.
The whole place is designed for the long tables you sit at with your buddies to drink imported litres of beer.
There was a traditional Oom-pah band, which only added to the evening.
I went with the Hofbrauhaus lager, which went down quick.
If you're adventurous, try the stout.
They have shots aplenty.
The best part is the cougar-esque Jagermeister lady, who serves shots of Jager in a jiggar tube.
The caveat at the Hofbrauhaus is that for every shot you take, someone has to get paddled by the paddle that the shot is served on.
So if that's your thing, your shot suddenly becomes a deal.
See pictures for the details.
The food is a little overpriced, but not bad at all.
It's all imported Bavarian sausages and meats, which go well with the beer.
Think of it as a beer hall first and then as a place that serves food, too.
Our waiter looked like someone off of the cast of Beer Fest, which only lends itself towards my glorification of this establishment.
Don't park.
Take a cab and thank me later.

$13.50/beer is a little steep, even if it is the large stein.
Normally at these German themed places I'll pay around $9 for the exact same thing.
I know it's Vegas, but this is a little out of hand.
They don't fail to deliver on the traditional German experience - loud obnoxious atomsphere with music, park bench seating, almost exclusively meat-focused menu, and only German beers on tap.
Servers wear traditional German clothing seen at Oktoberfest, and it's always a nice treat to see the ladies with large mammary protuberances carrying 3-4 steins in each hand!
Wow.
Boing!

this freaked me out.
It was just like the Munich location.
Inside and out.
I seriously had the creeps the whole time.
The only thing different was of course the taste of the food and the language.
Both places are full of American tourists!
I had the Schnitzel Wiener Art which is a huge think breaded and fried pork cutlet with a side of cranberry.
It also came with potato salad.
The pork was bland and really needed the cranberry.
The potato salad was standard grocery store variety.
My bf had the Jgerschnitzel and we both really liked it.
It is the same breaded and fried pork as mine but it was smothered in a gravy of bacon, mushrooms and onions.
Its "hunter style".
It came with Sptzle which was also really creamy and good.
My bf has German heritage so if he says the Sptzle tastes like his mom's cooking, then it must be good.
We also had potato dumplings and apple sauce on the side, both of which were just ok.
I was pretty happy with the atmosphere and the service, though it is really no contest which Hofbrauhaus I prefer....Munich can't be duplicated completely.

The Hofbrauhaus was exactly as it was described, an exact duplicate of the one in Munich (or so I have been told).
The service was great.
The food was pretty good.
We went for lunch.
I had the veal brats, mashed potatoes, and spicy mustard.
Had we had more time in Vegas I would have loved to have come back for dinner.
The price was high but that's pretty standard for Las Vegas.
I would recommend this place for large groups of people.

Munich is a bit far away for me to get my Germany fix.
So it's nice that Hofbrauhaus has a Vegas location.
The location is pretty much spot on to what you'd find in Munich, it's just a slight bit smaller (and virtually everyone speaks English).
The food is pretty good, it's just not something you'll want to go over board if you're watching your cholesterol levels.
I had a chicken with mushroom sauce and spatzel which was pretty tasty.
Our table also had the apple strudel with ice cream.
The beers aren't priced the same as Germany - 1/2 liter was $7.50, a full liter was $13 if I remember correctly.
But go for the full liter - trust me, you can finish it all.
We avoided the shots which came with a complimentary whack of the shot paddle (think of frat house hazing, it's pretty much the same thing).
The entertainment was pretty good and it's a fun place to hang out at for a few hours.
My only complaint is that it was so loud, that you're literally yelling at the people sitting at your table to talk.

Love the Hofbrauhaus so much that we had our rehearsal dinner here before our wedding.
It made for such a fun night with family and friends.
The food is great (definitely not for those people who are watching their figures though!).
We hosted around 20-30 people, so the restaurant worked with my mother-in-law to set up a corner in the main beer hall with our own private buffet.
It was great, and she said their service was fantastic!
If you're in the mood for silly beer games and a good spanking, this is the place to go!

A stone's throw from my hotel, and being disappointed I've never actually been to the actual one in Germany, I had to come here.
The liter beer was calling my name.
Being by myself on business, I don't like eating by myself.
But they have really large tables that they sit out at, family style.
So I kind of was sitting next to people in a way.
Coupled with the live band and the other stuff going on, I felt like part of the festivities rather than the lone business traveler sitting at dinner.
They have a couple types of beer and a couple sizes.
Of course, when the server asked me if I wanted a beer and I replied "yes", then I should have been more specific.
Because he brought out the large one that made me sheepishly grin that I'd just ordered something that size.
But it was delicious.
The food was uninspired, but then again, I think I should have gone with the server's recommendation.
I had the meal with the various sausages and they didn't have enough flavor to my liking.
Hopefully coming here again and grabbing something else to eat will elevate my opinion a bit more.
But for beer drinkers, this is definitely a nice place to sip on one.

Good food, good beer.
The liter beers are huge, about the size of my head.
You could kill someone w/ the mug, it was so heavy.
We ordered the chicken bratwurst, veal bratwurst, weiners (kekeke -_-), and pork cutlet entrees along with two pretzel apeptizers - one was some garlic type tip, and the other was chicken liver.
I was surprised the chicken liver didnt taste bad, but I dont think i'd recommend it.
The pretzels were awesome though, with the other dips.
The chicken bratwurst seemed too dense and was really filling - it's like they packed a whole chicken into the two bratwursts.
The weiners were soo good, wish we had some buns to put them in (thats what she said).
But really, we all thought they'd be amazing with buns and ketchup.
The pork cutlet was huge, took up the entire plate and was also really good with the spicy mustard.
All the entrees came w/ a side, like mashed potatoes.
I had the liter hef to drink (it was great), and i was surprised i left standing (lightweight, i know O_o).
All the entrees are large portions, so you'll definitely leave feeling full.
The dining area was cool, felt kind of like a cafeteria.
We came around 2pm so there weren't that many people there, but I bet it would be so fun eating and drinking there when its packed, with live music going on.
Next time I come i want to try some of their fish specials, but being my first time there, it just didn't sound right not getting bratwurst.
The service was great, really attentive and gave us recommendations on what people liked.
The manager also said it was cool for us to leave the car parked in their private lot and walk across the street to the hard rock too.
I'll be back.

Excellent beer as it comes in liters!!!!!
Their food was good, but definitely a tourist place.
We were there for lunch which probably not the best time to go, but the evening time will be much more fun.

I lived in Deutschland for a couple of years.
I fell in love with bratwurst, schnitzel, sauerkraut, potato dumplings, potato pancakes, brotchen etc.
Germany also introduced me to anomalies such as mezzo mix (coke with an orangey lemony twist), nutella, eating fries with mayonnaise, room temperature beer, cola weisen (beer mixed with cola) and Birkenstocks.
It was an experience indeed.
The Hofbrauhaus reminds me of those days.
Germany, Vegas style.
The food is authentic enough to be called German cuisine.
I recommend the different types of wursts or the schnitzel.
Quite expensive if you ask me.
Warning: when the band is playing in the hall it gets really loud!
Make sure to watch your beer intake because the alcohol will sneak up on you.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOO to this place.
Horrible tourist trap.
Overpriced, but the food is ok.  Kitschey garbage all over.
Horrible band playing music on 11 NONSTOP.
So miserable trying to eat there.
Yodeling and accordion and such.
Food ok but 4.50 for spaetzle, other sides.
Guess I should have expected this in Vegas.

When you first walk in it seems like a Disney-esque tourist trap with all the waitstaff in costumes.
Spying the giant steins of beers changed my mind.
The food was pretty good, the beer was very good, and the house band made the night paying both traditional German music and rock/pop.
Watch out for the Jaeger shots and paddles!

With the Disney-facation of Vegas, the Hofbrahaus was my latest discovery of "what not to enjoy" in Vegas.
They try to come off as a genuine German eatery but what they really are is a bad imitation.
They've got the decor and the glassware down, but the 'kraut, schnitzel, brats, etc all tasted like they were rushed out of 2nd rate kitchen, refrigerated, and reheated for later consumption.
Note to self, stop looking for "authentic" ethnic food in Vegas.

Average but not great.
It was my husband's turn to pick a place for date night and he had heard about HofBrauhaus from some of his co-workers.
He decided to check it out for a couple reasons- 1) we both enjoy German food, esp.
after living in Italy and travelling to Germany to see my sister-in-law (stationed in Germany) and 2) we're getting ready to move to Germany in a year and wanted a little German tease.
ATMOSHPERE:  I was not surprised by the decor or the costumes since we had been told about the place.
Although the description from one of my husband's co-workers was wrong.
He described it "like a restaurant you would go to in Bavaria.
" To us, it was more like a beer tent one would see at an Oktoberfest.
Anyway, the atmosphere was pleasant enough but I would not recommend for a date night.
FOOD & DRINK: For a starter, I had the soup of that day, salmon and asparagus soup and my husband had the Potato Soup.
Both were really really good and I could have eaten more!
Main dishes- I ordered the  Majoram- veal bratwursts with red cabbage and a side of spatzle.
The sausages (2) were good but not great.
The cabbage was too sweet and the spatzle too bland.
The beer was good but I've had better dark beers.
My husband ordered the Munchner Weisswurste- poached white sausages and a pretzel.
He enjoyed his dish but again, it was good not great.
Drinks- because I wasn't driving, I ordered the Hofbrau Dunkel (small size).
It was okay but I've had better dark german beers.
It's a great place if you're going with a group of friends or family.
Otherwise, not ideal for a date night unless you enjoy shouting over the live band and sharing a table with strangers.

Akin to the origin of most things I did in Vegas, taking a walk in 115-degree desert heat to have a "brunch" of beer and brats was one of those "when else am I going to do this?
" moments.
After wandering around without a concrete idea of where we were going, the Hofbrauhaus finally greeted us as an oasis of German-themed refreshments.
We were quickly seated, beered and pretzeled.
I got the HB Hef, which was surprisingly memorable, and the pretzel, which the waitress pretty much pushed on us, was actually a highlight of our meal.
Aside from these staples, the menu is fairly homogenous: most dishes involve a sausage, mustard, and potato in one form or another.
Though our meal ended up being surprisingly pricey, I would say it was worth it.
At least until I get the chance to actually make it to Germany.

THIS PLACE ROCKS!
Quick and simple:  Indoor beer garden, BIG, BIG steins of fresh beer, long communal tables, a live German band, everybody singing and drinking and laughing.
Good times!
Who cares if you don't know anyone here.
Bring some friends along and make some new ones while you're there.
The long tables and benches are meant for sharing with others and meeting new people.
Don't be shy!
Who cares if you're not German.
I'm not and definitely could never pass as one, but had a great time nonetheless.
In fact, some German folks were smiling at us because we were having such a great time.
That or they were surprised we knew the lyrics to some of the German drinking songs.
Yeah me and my buddies faked it pretty damn good.
Who cares if you don't speak German.
Drink and sing along at the top of your lungs and mumble something in tune.
Shoot make up your own lyrics if you want.
Just make sure to sway your stein back and forth up in the air.
You'll look stupid if you don't because you'll be the only one.
Who cares if you don't drink beer (WHAT!?
Fine I'll drink it for you).
You'll still have a great time laughing at everybody and enjoying the band.
What you do drink beer??
The steins look big and intimidating, but if you do the math you'll realize how many bottles of beer is actually in one.....so order the biggest stein.
It's such a great feeling holding one in your hand.
So much power!
The beer goes down really smooth and its not at all filling.
It's a great feeling of being in a large room set up like an indoor beer garden and feeling like you're part of some big community or party.
Major plus is the band drinking along with everyone and singing at the same time!
Major skills there.
Definite good time.
Waitresses here are awesome....very friendly and there to make sure you have a great time.
By the way, make sure to ask for a round of shots for you and your guests.
Or at least a shot for your best bud you're drinking with.
It's tradition.
Everytime I brought my buddies here we always had a great time enjoying the "party" atmosphere, singing, drinking, and laughing the night away.
Oh yeah, make sure you buy a souvenir stein before you leave (they have a gift shop).
It'll make you smile everytime you use it or see it at home.
Buy the big one.
Good times!

This place is excellent.
It's the first restaurant near the strip that we ate at and it did not disappoint.
Very loud, sitting on wooden benches with other beer-swilling, shnitzel-eating, tankard-clanking Tutonics.
If you are hard of hearing, bring pencil and paper to communicate with friends.
Servers were excellent.
Food great but tastes better when you are drinking beer.
While you eat, there's a German band playing (even though they did play Sweet Caroline while we were there, which was super).
A dude played the Star Wars theme on a big horn (like the cough-drop alpine horn).
A dude also broke some record of holding a liter of beer with his arm fully outstretched...history was made while I downed jaegershnitzel (spelling...help).
Oh, and lest I forget, a lady walks around with a wooden paddle and will spank you as you "assume the position" at your table for only a few bucks.
Fancy that...I guess it helps the digestion?
Definitely come here for the experience.
Filling food and not boring in the slightest.

Great beer, good food (try the big pretzel with sweet mustard), long tables that are great for big groups, loud music (all live-- either a german house band or a live musician and kareoke).
I don't really drink and still had a blast here.
We ate in the hall like area (loud but great) and just had a chance to walk by the garden area that seemed like a quiet alternative.
Will come back.

The food is alright, but the sausages don't seem like they are made in-house, and it is a bit pricey in comparison to other German restaurants I 've been to.
The atmosphere is great, and the live music was very fun.
If it weren't for the German feel, I would be giving 2 stars.
It's OK, but just that....OK.

this is a place for a sausage fest.........OK lame jokes aside, Great Beer, Great Sausages, sauerkraut.
What more can you ask for?
The pretzels are real good here.
I make the trek out here every single time that I am in vegas.
I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered here.
I get the Wurstplate and it has a good variety of sausages.
Their sauerkraut is really good here.
Now, onto the beer.
Of course the beer here is really good since it is a german place, and those germans know a good beer.
I get the hofbraus original since I am not a fan of hefenwiezen.
Although from people that I know that love hef said the hef was good here.
Once again, good food, good beer, I usually leave here with a nice little buzz goin to start out the night in vegas.

LOVE this place!!
So glad we got there on this 2nd trip to LV!
It is off the strip, but EASY to get to.
All you do, is get to the HARD ROCK CAFE shuttle from the main strip on Las Vegas Blvd South, and walk across the street to Hofbrahaus.
Then you're there!
We were instantly transported into Germany!
The waitstaff all had on authentic German/Bavarian garb and they couldn't be nicer.
(all except 1 waiter.
He was a total bitchy queen, but once I requested a new waiter, all was well.
The place was SO fun, I couldn't have anyone ruin it!
) The place is loud and raucous, and FUN!
There is a band who plays German music, a jagermeister girl who spanks your behind pretty hard after you take a shot, and great food and beer.
I had a smoked pork platter with AMAZING German potato salad, sauerkraut and red cabbage.
The place was great and we didn't want to leave.
They also had delicious looking desserts that we had no room to sample.
We were SO FULL.
Everything was reasonably priced, and the environment was awesome.
I would def make a point to return whenever I am in Vegas.

The Hofbrauhaus is a fun place to do for lunch with a large group of people, or kids.
The beer is great but pricey.
It is very loud and the seating is family style bench.
If you are looking for a restaurant to sit and visit with your friends, this is not the restaurant for you.
Also, if you are looking for a low cost meal, this is not the place for you.
I can't praise the food, the food is good but very overpriced.
We enjoy the ambience and the entertainment value of the restaurant, and the beer is excellent.

This place was fun, I was wasted and got spanked by the jagergirl.
They have good soup, and really big salty pretzels.
Woo Hoo!
Jagerr!!

Have you ever had a party in which only a few people showed up, but you had the best damn party ever?
Well, I think it is fair to characterize this place as that.
Sunday lunch is not really crowded at all.
I suppose the high ceilings of the beer hall make the place seem emptier than it is.
There were probably 25 people or so here.
Live entertainment consists of a guy in lederhosen, doing his best to keep people pumped up.
He plays a music with a backup audio, do some beer tricks and play that super long horn thing.
Afterwards, he will go from table to table to chat and share a swig or two of beer.
If you are brave enough or not easily embarrassed you can earn some free goodies or beer by doing the chicken dance or even just guess the right number.
Foodwise, the portions are standard, you get your meat, potatoes and sauerkraut for $20 or so.
If you are pork or sausage averse, don't bother.
You can get a steak here, but why?
Two more comments regarding pricing and being 'touristy".
This is a place where you will pay $7.50 for a half liter of beer.
5.50 for 1/4, 13.50 for a full.
Once you have a couple of beers, another liter sounds perfectly reasonable.
My bill for four was $180 with tip for a cheese plate, three entrees, one dessert and 3 liters of beer.
This place is for tourists.
I brought my cousin from Japan here.
I probably would not go out of my way to eat here.
Having said that, I think it is a good place to entertain.
Seriously, it's silly to expect this place to somehow replicate the experience of being in Bavaria.
There is a giant beer hall room which is the primarily room.
The beer garden room is for events or probably on busier nights.
Even though it says the beer garden is airconditioned, it is a bit hotter in there (maybe they didn't have the air on).
So have a good time, make sure you are well funded and don't expect to feel like you are backpacking in Europe.
Oh yeah and get a cab or walk across the street to the Hard Rock Casino and enjoy the scenery.

pros... a FUN, LOUD and german themed beer hall or haus.
very fun and lively with lots of stuff going on.
this being a beer hall, it has the traditional group or communal long tables, so no sitting all alone, you are with a lot of other people.
if you are lucky you will get to dance to the "chicken dance" and get to sing the "Star Spangled Banner" as well as other beer haus and polka favorites as well.
as for the beer, it was rated very good from my friends (they all drank).
i don't typically drink so i am the designated driver where ever we go.
they also have shots of alcohol, which is normal, but the little twist they have here, is that you get some corporal punishment with every shot.
you get walloped in the behind, kiester, bottom, rump, ass, heiny, you pick your word for glutimus maximus!
all in good fun, but make sure that you are conditioned for the hit, our server Emily was awesome.
she hit with authority, she will leave you a mark you can count on seeing for the next couple hours.
the food was good, a nice selection of meat and potatoes.
big pretzels and a wonderful assortment of dipping mustards for it.
there were even some desserts.
we opted for the triple plate one, with a strawberry cream, apple strudel, and some chocolate cake.
out of the three, the strawberry thing was the best, by a wide margin.
they also have a nice gift shop in the front, where you can buy all sorts of souvenirs, shirts, aprons, hats, bags, beer, stuffed animals, and the like.
this is vegas you know.
cons... if you are allergic to fun don't come.
if you don't like loud, boisterous and crazy people, don't come.
if you are allergic to crowds and strangers who will be all around you don't come.
if you don't like beer don't come either.
all in all a great place to have a good time!
i'm coming back in november.

Only come here if you're looking for a loud, boisterous crowd and you're in need of a spanking.
Appears to be a bit campy (like a lot of the Vegas experience, I guess), but hey, great beer and hot looking wenches, I mean, waitresses.
Come with an open mind, a commitment to a good time, and lots of friends and you'll be fine.
We started with the Jumbo Complete, which is a huge pretzel served with 3 dipping sauces: Obatzer cheese, sweet mustard, and onion mustard and the Hofbrauhaus Brotzeittler, the cold cut meat plate that comes with pork, ham, sausages, cheese, pickles, and rye bread.
Goes well with any of the beers, my choice (first of 3) was the Dunkel, the dark beer which was smooth and rich.
For our group (3 couples) we also split the: - Hofbrauhaus Platte: smoked pork loin, pork roast, and a delicious smoked sausage served with dark beer sauce, mashed potato, and sauerkraut.
A huge plate for 2 but we were able to rise to the task.
-Hofbrauhause Wurstplatte: Frankfurters, pork and chicken sausages also served with mashed potatos and sauerkraut.
-Muchner Weisswurst, the veal and pork sausages, absolutely delicious!
good with the heffe (maybe another litre??
)  Do a shot of alcohol and your server with spank you as a reward.
I can only wonder what you get for finishing DAS BOOT, a giant boot of lager.
I also had the lager, which had a nice bite to it.
You can end your visit with a trip to the lobby gift shop for lederhosen, tshirts, or a six-pack of beers for the hotel room after party.
Will definitely fill you up, looking forward to going back for more (and I don't just mean more spanks).
The place fills up on weekends, so definitely call in for a reservation.

About ten bucks for a beer and pretzel is a bit much.
Next time I'm going to the Hard Rock across the street.
Hofbrauhaus opened a few years back on Paradise.
The schtick is that this is a replica of a famous restaurant in Munich.
The hostesses are dressed the part and there is plenty of homage paid to Las Vegas' most famous Germans Siegfried and Roy.
Inside the main dining hall is the classic picnic table setup for a communal dining experience.
I was there during the day and it was kinda slow so I decided to grab a seat at the bar.
I got a medium sized house beer which is imported daily from Germany.
It was ok.
Nothing above average.
Also grabbed a pretzel hoping for something semi-authentic.
Instead they brought something out nary 2 minutes later that was cold and hard.
At least warm it up!
I know it's only a pretzel but substandard service will not win a repeat customer.
I can only hope this place is a little more interesting come Oktoberfest.

its a german beer hall that serves traditional german fare.
the wheat beer is highly recommended.
this has always been my favorite first check point to visit during my vegas runs.
good beer, hearty food, it doesn't get better than this.

Always make a point to go here when in Las Vegas.
Like beer and German food and the menu covers a lot of ground.
There's an indoor (you wouldn't want to be outside) beer garden in the back part which is quieter and good for conversation.
At the front is the large open beer hall where the oompa bands play and there's guest contests and singalongs.
(Yah, seems silly at first but after a couple beers...).
It can get pretty loud in there.
Only complaint (and has little to do with the establishment, I think?
)  is that sometimes it can get a bit too rowdy with some of the guests - we've seen fights happen a couple times we've been there.
So sad people can't just have fun.

I am a little biased torwards this place since I frequented the real one in Munich a few times while I was studying in Austria.
I have to say that they did an awesome job recreating the Hofbrauhaus experience in Vegas.
There aren't a lot of places where you can eat great German food, drink beer out of liter mugs, play drinking games, and sing polka with a 100 complete strangers.
If you like dark beer ask for the dunkel because its the most delicious thing you will put in your mouth.
I always make my friends come here whenever we are out Vegas, and its consistently been a fun way to start the night.

Honestly, I'm not a fan of German food but I did have a good time.
A friend we went to Vegas with saw this place as we were driving around and begged us to stop since she loved the one she had been to in Germany.
The place looks very authentic, from the decor to the costumes the servers have to wear.
There was a band playing that was good from what I could tell, but they were singing in either Austrian or German, or both.
I ordered 34oz.
beer, I forget which one but my friend squealed with excitement to know they carried it.
For dinner I ordered the hamburger (mix of pork and beef).
It was pretty tasty, the fries were awesome and it was decently priced.
Everyone else ordered more authentic meals and seemed pleased.
Those plate prices were much higher than my hamburger, and then with all the beers the bill was very high.
Our server was great and very happy.
I don't know why but they spank people, some tradition I'm guessing but I think after having half of my beer I wasn't really paying attention.
They smacked (honestly a good hard smack) one of the guys at the table with a paddle on his rear end and everyone in the whole place cheered.
The only reason I don't give it a 4 is because, like I said before, I'm just not a fan of German food so I don't think I'll be eating there again anytime soon.

i love this place.
there are very few places that make you smile the moment you walk into them.
(the hotel lobby when you first get into vegas, disneyland, and a brothel are things that come close).
total authentic german beer hall, or so i was old by friend's german wife seeing that i've never been to germany, but again i digress.
there's long wood benches where you pretty much sit down close to the other dining guests.
but everyone is super friendly and the place is pretty lively at all hours.
everyone is just drinking, singing, cheering with each other, and having a great time.
the waitresses are the coolest and apparently will lay the smack down with the paddle they keep handy.
they fly in their hef straight from germany and it comes in it is served in giant beer steins, just the holy grail of goodness.
best hef ever.
the taste is just phenomenal and the dangerous part is that it goes down like bud light.
the food is awesome.
got to get the giant pretzel to go along with your hef.
had the ribeye last time and it was just fantastic.
the one minor drawback is that for a beer hall its kinda pricey.
we always end up with a bill of more than $50 a person, but i think that's mostly because the steins of hef run about $15.
but its well worth the money.
bottom line is that you definitely need to come here when you're in vegas.
its right across from the hard rock which is another place you should be visiting so here's your chance to kill two birds with one stone.
cheers.

A really awesome time.
Take as many friends as you can, to have a table in the main hall you will want about 10 people in your group.
The beer is great and people really get going with the live band and start dancing on the tables and such.
Plus the servers and Jagermeister girl will come around and try to spank you.
The music is awesome and everyone pretty much sings along, if your looking for a quiet evening they have the beer garden in the back which is not nearly as intense but is still really cool.
Basically imagine a party version of the beer fest movie.
The food is the best German in Vegas but the main attraction is the beer and atmosphere.
They have free valet and a taxi stand so transport is no prob.
The bill can really sneak up on you so make sure your ready for a few hundred buck s total with a large group and everyone drinking.
I wouldn't bring kids in the evening but during the day it is totally fine and nothing adult rated is going on.

Drinking actual Hofbru Oktoberfestbier imported from Munich in a 1 liter mug accompanied by traditional Bavarian food and music -- now that is the way to have lunch!
The beer was really good.
It was obviously pure and smooth (German laws demand as much), but it also possessed a nice flavor that paired wonderfully with the food.
I started off with the creamy Bavarian potato soup.
Rich and creamy, I was impressed with the natural flavors that commingled so nicely in the soup.
Carrots added sweetness, fresh chives added soul, and the addition of sausage and croutons made it heartier but not overly so.
Great beginning.
For the main course I had the Wurstplatte which was a plate of 4 sausages served over mashed potatoes  and sauerkraut with a side of spicy mustard.
The sauerkraut was served with caraway seeds (Bavarian style) and was very nicely done, full of flavor and not particularly sour.
The Vienna sausages were good, the pork sausage was incredible, and the chicken sausage was just okay.
This dish was noticeably heavy towards the end, but the lighter beer helped considerably.
Nonetheless, I really enjoyed this selection.
The side of pretzel was fresh and tasty as well.
The mustard really made it come alive.
Service was very attentive, and the girl was so pleasant and friendly.
The ambience was great.
Large, open, really cavernous space with picnic table seating and music pouring through the space.
They really captured the beer hall atmosphere of Germany here.
I understand trying to copy the real Hofbrauhaus could be a disastrous undertaking.
400 years of tradition shouldn't be reduced to a marketing gimmick, but I think they did a nice job in the reproduction without sacrificing too much in the way of tradition.
In a world where gastropubs are coming into their own and are even being rewarded Michelin stars, I think places like the Hofbrauhaus will always prove to be a smarter alternative.
Highly recommend this side of Munich.

Such a fun and great atmosphere!!!
I've ben to Munich and this was just like how i remembered beer halls out there.
My GF is polish and she felt at home eating here.
What a great experience, cant wait to get back there!!!

YUM!
a nice restaurant off the strip.
it's not cheap, but affordable.
we had a salad, sausage, potato salad, pretsels... i forgot the rest.
i usually don't like potato salad, but this one was good!
and the pretzel was DELICIOUS!
i loved it, especially with the mustard they gave us.
it was super soft.
yum i want another one now!

Pros: Most fun I've had drinking beer in Vegas.
The Hofbrau beer is amazing....took part in drinking games....like holding a 1 liter stein filled with beer  with one hand, dancing on tables, beer chugging, guessing the music played....met a lot of people there.
Very festive atmosphere.
The wait staff is very nice and dressed in Oktoberfest lederhosen.
Went there twice just to drink beer!!!
Cons: Food isn't that great

I don't think I've ever had that much fun in Vegas.
You know, when you go to Vegas, your always chasing that Vegas dream, your going to have some unbelievable time, doing things you would never do.... and most of the time you go from place to place searching for that experience?
My friends band was playing in Vegas, so there was a big group of us out there.
We went to Haufbrauhaus on a Saturday night... it was so much fun.
Not sure if the large group contributed to that fun....
But basically its like an iconic German drinking hall, long table benches, GOOD beer, a German band, German food, and lots of smiling faces, and swinging beers from side to side.
People go here to get drunk, and its a happy fun drunk time.
the place almost exploded when the 20-30 piece band entered the building.. waving what i'm guessing is a Bavarian flag...   Anyways, if your with a big group of people in vegas, go here!!!!!
Its a really good time!!!!

The Hofbrauhaus is insane!
It is the closest you can get to Octoberfest in Germany as you can get States side.
It is really fun the live music is great.
they really push the involvement and promote drinking.
It is a great place to take a bachelor party before a night out at the clubs.
Good  schitzel, great beer, even more fun.

The atmosphere seems a bit Disneyfied, though I have it on reliable authority that, while much smaller, it more or less approximates a genuine beer hall in the Bavarian tradition.
The food is good.
If you like sausages, you should be quite happy; even the salad comes with them.
The briny half-chicken is above average, the schnitzel is enormous, and the large pretzels are, unsurprisingly, great with the liters of German beer.
They have a bar, but the beer is obviously what to stick with if you want to be properly in the spirit of the place.
The dunkel gives you more flavor for your $14/L.
You can fortify it with shots of schnapps that the dirndl-clad army of waitresses will tempt you with approximately four times an hour.
There are two areas, both indoor; a large one where live music plays and a second, somewhat smaller room that is decorated as faux beer garden.
This is where a little luck comes into play; if you arrive at a good hour, you'll not only get a table in the main room, but also you'll be surrounded by people who know the customs of beer hall songs and toasts.
Without this unpredictable element (if you're not bringing your own with you), your time at the Hofbrauhaus can easily fall short of mine.
Expect to pay indulgence prices; you'll be lucky to get out under $85 per person with beer and dessert.

Except for the obviously American waitstaff, the Las Vegas Hofbrauhaus reminds me of its sister restaurant in Munich.
Excellent food here, authentic Bavarian specialties and authentic bavarian beer.
A must visit during every Vegas trip.
Live music on most nights, featuring a fun oompa band that usually knows a good amount of cheesy Schlager favorites.
Drinking games, songs, and communal seating makes this a great time.

Who would have thought you could find a real German Beirgarten in Las Vegas?
If you are looking for a relaxed, intamate dinner, this is not the place to go.
However, if you want to drink litres of bier on a long table with friends and strangers eating delicious German food and singing along with live Oompah bands, this IS the place.
This place is a party, it is impossible not to have fun here.
Rather than seat patrons on individual tables for each party, guests of Hofbrauhaus are seated on a long wooden tables; per biergarten tradition.
The food is amazing, great schnitzel and potato salad.
Lots of heavy strong German beer, served by the litre.
They also have a full bar if that's your thing.
They have live music with lots of audience participation.
On a good night you'll have girls dancing on tables, fat guys blowing in alphorns, and drunks making loud, joyous merryment.
A must for any Las Vegas trip!

The most authentic German bierhaus and biergarten I've come across in the nation.
The company I used to work for would always put together at least one night here during CES, so I have been here on numerous occasions.
Good German food with nice portions...as authentic as it gets (for Vegas).
Strong drink and heavy drinking clientele complete with friendly "beer wenches" who keep bringing you more.
Friendly and very lively crowd gets louder, drunker, and wilder as the evening goes on.
Nowhere else in the nation have I seen so many drunken customers dancing on tabletops.
Yikes...other lesser restaurants would be terrified of the liability, but not here in this authentically genuine Bavarian beer hall.
Pretty cool and always a fun time to be had while drinking, eating, and watching all that is going on around you.
And watch out for those paddles that they spank customers with!

ACHTUNG: the way this country is quickly lapsing into the Weimar Republic and with the depreciation of the dollar, I swear that the litres of beer at the Hofbrauhaus are CHEAPER than the ones served at the real Oktoberfest.
As a two-time veteran of the real Oktoberfest, the Hofbrauhaus in Las Vegas does its best to mirror a traditional Bavarian beer tent, and it almost succeeds - we have to remember we are in America and no matter how hard we try, we can't get as wild as our European cousins without shanking someone and the SWAT team is called in - aside from that, the polka band is great, the stein-holding contests are a hoot, and there are people standing on the wooden benches.
The crowd is fun, lively, and LOUD - another staple of Oktoberfest.
The menu here is almost identical to the ones in Germany, though I don't recall seeing pig's knuckles.
The servers are dressed in traditional costume, complete with tightly-corseted boobies spilling out for your viewing pleasure.
There is the expected portrait of King Ludwig II on the wall, and there is Lederhosen, naturally.
A nice touch was the band playing the Star Spangled Banner - which I think was an old British drinking song before F. Scott Fitzgerald's ancestor changed some of the words around.
I got the jagerschnitzel, which was excellent, though I will say the Spatzle was a bit blah - the kind I had in Regensburg at the Goldene Ente was the best (yeah, I'm a snob and a name dropper, what of it!
)  Also, the steins for sale here in the gift shop are also cheaper than the ones offered up in Germany.
If Lufthansa is not your airline of choice, head over to Vegas - it's ALMOST the same, and you will have a good time.

Holy smokes this place is FUN!
A friend introduced us to this off the strip bavarian beer house.
We went on a wednesday night and it wasn't crowded.
I'm not a huge fan of Bavarian food but it's def authentic and good portions.
Make sure to order the after dinner schnapps.
Those beer wenches will make sure the paddles are put to good use.
Bring your cameras and get ready to drink some beer!

Been to the original in Munich and I must say the L.V.
one is not as energetic and loud, however sin city is much closer to me than Munich so a must every time in Vegas.
Even though the place is about 1 mile east of the L.V.
strip this place never disappoints, lunch or dinner, there is never a dull moment people are always drinking from their steins and having a good ol' jolly time as if it were in Munich, Germany.

Meetup at #CES w/@Urbanspoon @HofbrauhausLV  http://twitpic.com/xfll3   This was my 1st time here but I've heard alot of good things about it  especially Oktoberfest!!
I haven't been here before because  I'm not real familiar with german/bavarian food..I mean I love their chocolate cake BUT I know nothing else they make  This place is mistakenly believed to be a German establishment but their website & twitter say its a Bavarian/German Hybrid.
What the difference is you'll have to Wikipedia that sh#*.
The meetup was scheduled to be from 11-12 and of course I showed up a little late so I wouldn't be the 1st one BUT not only was I the 1st one.
The restaurant has a gift shop when you enter then a large beer hall with wood tables and benches with arched painted ceilings a stage for the band and all the staff dressed in authentic garb.
Ever a Beer Wench:)  The folks from @Urbanspoon were quite gracious and provided a spread of pretzels and sausages to eat.
The pretzels has sweet or spicy mustard and a pimento-like spread to dip.
The assortment of brats and sausages was NOT on the menu so we got to try alot of different ones.
The food was good I liked the pretzel & the meat was good but nothing really jumped out at me.
Definitely not a fan of Vienna sausage.
Looking at the menu they have more than sausages.
Also pork,chicken a few steaks and of course Black Forest Chocolate Cake:)   Prices are under $20 an entree.

I joined up a big group of people and this place was AMAZING!
There is a crazy live German band playing all the hits.
The beer flows like water in liter Steins.
The food is great too!
You can dance on the tables whenever you feel like it, fly paper planes, take pictures, song out loud and just generally make an ass out of yourself but it's all good though!
This place isnt cheap though.
So bring friends with money.

I loved the Beer.. the atmosphere is a cool vibe and the LIVE German Band was a n ice touch and really gives a good feel.
I wasn't impressed by the food, though you are not meant to be impressed by pretzels and sausages.
3 Stars, becuase I LOVE the beer.. 3 star only, becuase they are very pricey beers.
Imports.
$$, You know.
Great for a group of friends hanging out and having a good time.

Where to begin?
The food is very good, all of it German/Bavarian sounding, looking, and tasting.
At least I thought so, but the two real Germans (what!
Germans in Vegas?
kidding) sitting next to us said it wasn't like at home.
(They didn't say that it was not as good, just not the same.
Ha ha!
) Yes, sitting next to us, because seating is beer hall style, at long tables, next to whoever you get planted next to.
So if you don't have a big group, your are going to make some new friends.
So what he heck did those two Germans know, anyways?
Well, more than me.
Besides the food thing, then knew the words to the songs better than I did.
At one point the band ... yes you could have guessed it, three guys in leiderhosen ... struck up the national anthem ... we all rose, put our hands over our hearts, and sang ... well the two Germans didn't but hey, it's not their anthem, right?
Right after the anthem the band charged straight into John Denver, Johnny Cash, The Monkeys, and Neil Diamond I think.
Everyone just kept singing, whether because of the mood or the beer or cause everyone else was.
And that's where the two Germans put us to shame because they knew the words better.
The beer is good.
And it comes in liter steins.
Nuf said.
At to top it off, there's a beautiful blond walking around serving up Jgermeister shots and spankings with a large wooden paddle.
(Just to be clear, the paddle was for the spankings ... the shots came from what looked like test tubes.
) I don't know if this is a Bavarian thing or a Vegas thing (probably the latter), but it sure got the attention of the spectators and the participants (especially the latter).
Go there!

Is it a schtick..?
There's an oompah band...but they are genuinely having fun!
There are pretty waitresses dressed in flowing blue ruffles...and they're nice!
The beer comes in gigantic 1-liter steins...yet it's pretty dang good!
Definitely go to the Hofbruhaus with a group.
Experience it to the fullest: dance, sing, finally put that high school German to use!
And stay for the cowbells!
I would recommend downing a few gut biers ahead of time, though, as each stein-full will set you back as any drink does in Vegas.
The food was pleasantly awesome.
Maybe with those big community tables, I was just Jonesing for some Viking food.
But I ordered the Grillhendl.
This massive half-chicken filled me up after I'd gone most of the day without food.
It was basted with butter and herbs beneath a  crispy brown skin.
On the side: they offer a potato salad that is the best I've ever paid for.
You'll walk out of Hofbruhaus feeling like Beowulf.

This is easily my favorite place in Vegas, especially to go with a group of friends.
It's a must do.
Giant tables filled with happy people singing, dancing on tables, pounding beers by the liter.
The host is fun and does a great job getting the crowd riled up with stein-holding and liter-pounding competitions.
If you're celebrating a birthday, he'll bring the person to the front stage while the band plays the birthday song and gets the whole crowd to sing along.
So fun!
It's a great pre-party destination to get some hearty food and kick start a good party vibe for the night.
Plus, they close at like midnight, so you can't stay too late.
I recommend arriving around 8pm (make reservations to guarantee a table) and expect to stay at least 2 hours.

If you head to this German inspired joint just beware everything comes in big proportions.
It's all about the beer drinking, Bavarian 'ambiance'.
I didn't know what it was all about, wanted to try a new place and ended up here.
I was just looking for a nice meal in a lively environment.
This place is better suited for a group of friends ready to party or a group of bachelors.
With that said, I didn't enjoy my experience.
My chicken salad was plain and over-priced.
I would come back when I'm ready for a night-out, a night of heavy dirnking....Definitely, not for the food.

To put it simply, if you want to go out drinking with friends for a celebration or something, there's no finer place than this.
Unfortunately, I don't drink, so I was very much sober and aware of what shortcomings the place had.
Drunk or not, there is no denying that this is a fun atmosphere.
You won't see anyone at this place not having a good time.
Food is surprisingly good, too.
All right, I got that out of the way.
Don't expect to be able to hold a conversation with all the noise going on, though.
Sadly, it ends there.
First and foremost, the service is TERRIBLE.
The servers only visit your table every once in a while.
Granted, the place usually IS busy, but why not just hire more staff?
They clearly are understaffed to accommodate the numbers of people they get in there.
On top of that, the staff are RUDE.
The woman waiting on us last time (I believe her name was Maria) WOULD NOT LET ME ORDER OFF OF THE KIDS MENU.
She gave me a rude, blank look and just bluntly said I couldn't.
I've been to countless restaurants, fast-food and dine-in alike, and this is the only time this has ever happened.
I can't always eat the full amount of food in an entree, and this is completely unforgivable that we would receive this kind of treatment.
When I come into a place and my party spends $600+, I not only expect no disputes like this, I expect my ass to be kissed.
And if that remark in the last paragraph didn't already tell you, it's EXPENSIVE.
Granted, my party consumed a LOT of alcohol, but ANY other place would have been cheaper than this for a similar purpose.
If you want to go out and have a drunken, fun evening with friends, this is the place for you - go for it.
Just be prepared to deal with high prices and rude staff that think of themselves more as party planners than servers.
Food: C- Service: D- Atmosphere: D+

This is such a fun place to be.
Definitely bring your friends -- the more the merrier and also the servings are large which are perfect to share.
My group of 7 didn't have reservations and we were hungry, so instead of waiting for an hour for a table in the main dining room (which featured a Germain band, dining on long communal tables/benches, occasional entertainment involving the diners, and of course lots of rowdy people enjoying their liters of beer) we were seated in the biergarten, which is nice round room with a fountain in the middle and a domed ceiling which looked like the sky.
we could hear the music in the biergarten and we could watch the band via closed circuit TV on large flat screens.
The waitresses were very nice, polite and cute and I love their accents.
The food was good and hearty (love the saurkraut), and their desserts were excellent (especially their bread pudding which is even better than the apple streusels).
It was a great fun experience.

Holy schnitzel!!!
I grew up in Stuttgart & Neu Ulm Germany...military brat...and I had been jonesing for German food that I didn't have to cook.
The second I stepped in to the Hofbrauhaus the polka band smacked me in the face, then I got a whiff of the food...ooo wee.
The serving fraulein asked what I wanted to drink...HA!
BIER!!!
1L bier!
We had such a blast.
The atmosphere, the food, the band...crazy awesome!

LOVE this place!
The atmosphere is fun...it's like Oktoberfest any time of the year.
We ate at Hofbrauhaus in Cincinnati and had a blast, so when we saw one in Vegas, we had to try it.
We stopped by for lunch.
I had the Munchner Schweinerbraten (pork roast).
The flavor was wonderful.
Slow roasted comfort food at its finest.
My only complaint was that the roast was a bit too fatty.
The sauerkraut was spectacular!
It had the right balance of sour...I hate sauerkraut that makes me pucker!
I washed it all down with Hofbrau original beer (yummy).
If you happen to be in Vegas and are looking for a good restaurant off the strip, think about trying Hofbrauhaus.
If you go for dinner, they most likely will have a German band which only makes the experience more fun.
I recommend this place.
The food will not disappoint.

Hunter S. Thompson once wrote that Circus Circus is what the whole he world would be doing Saturday nights if the Nazis had won the war.
I disagree with that wise man on this issue as I not only think, but I know that if zee Germans had won zee war, we'd all be going to places like Hofbrauhaus on a Friday, Saturday and Sunday night.
and you know what?
I'm fine with that.
Well, I guess not the whole "master race" stuff, but really, more areas should have a Hofbrauhaus in their backyard as there is seriously some good times to be had in what I'm happy to say is a complete sausage fest!
You would have to be a complete dummkopf to not have a lot of fun here.
This sort of establishment, atmosphere and general wildness can really only be found during Oktoberfest in most places.
So to have this go on nightly in the Vegas Hofbrauhaus.. that's something special.
Then you have Das Boot!
Yes, DAS BOOT!
Because really, if you even know a little bit of German, you'd realize that everything needs to be said in a very stern and loud voice or you're not speaking the language correctly.
Though you don't need to speak anything but drunk here.. And Das Boot will help.
If you've seen the film Beerfest, this place has a Das Boot glass that you can chug down your booze in.
Just remember to twist it at the end or you'll have a full load of beer coming at you.
It is a little pricey if you're going for the glass one, but if you just want Das Boot, they have a plastic one.
As for the food..
It's DELICIOUS!
Not to mention very large when it comes to portion sizes.
Now I'm not that much of a sauerkraut fan, but I ate the whole damn plate of it when it was in front of me.
Though, perhaps that was also to soak up some of the copious amounts of alcohol that I drank while listening to the band play.
I'm sure the house band cycles through songs every two hours.
Either that or I just got really really German in my time here and felt like I knew the songs by heart.
Those two semesters in PCC couldn't have taught me that much, could they?
Now they only have two beers here and two beers only.
But the lack of selection  is made up by the massive amount of booze.
and really, when trying to polish off a huge plate of frankfurters and kraut, who wouldn't want a good pilsener?
Just don't forget your Lederhosen  For those seeking an even bigger kink, order the shots!
A fraulein comes out with them on a paddle so you and a couple of friends can swing them down.
Then said Frau bends you over and gives you a whack with the wooden paddle, Mit Vergngen!!!!
And who wouldn't want to get spanked with the same paddle that your shots were brought out on?
Ich weiss nicht?
If visiting the Vegas area or you're a local and haven't come already, make sure you suggest it to your group, NEIN!
Insist that you go at once!
OANS, ZWOA, G'SUFFA!

Man what a time!
Fun atmosphere.
Fun oompa band.
I had roast pork with gravy, potato dumplings (huge!
), veggies and an incredible red cabbage.
Perfect taste.
Just what I was looking for.
We stayed and watched the band for some time, very entertaining.
The beers looked wonderful.
I was told that it is very crisp and not heavy.
Next time!
My only complaint was the price.

What a fun atmosphere filled with great music!
We ended up at this place with a party of 20+ folks to drink.
I, of course, ate!
I did order myself a 0.5 liter of their wheat beer (Hofbru Hefe Weizen), which was pretty good.
My coworkers mainly ordered liters of their Hofbru Lager.
The rest of the party ordered boots of beer (like in the movie Beerfest).
Oh boy!
I also ordered their Bierkutscher (Beer Truckers) Steak, which was pretty good.
It's a 10 oz Rib Eye (which of course, I ordered medium rare).
However, the sauce on top of the steak was super salty... but my coworkers say that German food in general is pretty salty.
Boo.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cJWbbvGmyhFiBpG_5hf5LA?select=KlRDD0FriZgzrPdJiGQUQA  Coworkers ordered their pretzels and potato pancakes to munch on as appetizers.
Pretzels were pretty ordinary, but I liked their potato pancakes.
It wasn't greasy and came with apple sauce.
YUM.
Definitely a good place to come to with a bunch of guys to hang out.
It's really entertaining to watch the guys get wacked by paddles from the waitresses (which happens whenever they order a shot).
Woot.
Great memories!

I had such a great time here!
My German friend said this place is pretty awesome so I had to check it out during my last trip to Vegas.
It is off the strip so you will be in need of transportation to the restaurant.
We all hoped in a limo and headed that way.
It's right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel so if you're staying there you can just walk.
We had reservations for 12 but they wouldn't seat us until the whole party arrived.
We were missing four.
I kinda hate this rule.
I feel they should accommodate you.
But no sweat we just got some delicious German beer at the bar while we waited.
It really was delicious, freaking delicious!
I had the German hefeweizen and didn't need to try anything else.
When we were seated the main dining room was very cool.
I kind of felt like I was in Disneyland.
It exuded Bavarian in every way from the decor to the wait staff.
We had an actual German waitress, accent and all.
My German friend was there so he authenticated her Germaness by speaking to her in German.
There was fantastic live music and they even played the chicken dance which got everybody standing on their seats (bench) and started doing the chicken dance.
Great times.
It was also my sisters birthday and I heard that if you buy a shot of Jagermeister they waitress comes out with the shot and a large wooden paddle to swat your ass for being so naughty.
They don't go easy on you either.
We heard some echoing smacks throughout the night and a few screams to go with them.
This place is awesome, the food is very good and authentic.
Loved it.
But the main draw is the entertainment factor.
The live band in their lederhosen playing accordions and people literally dancing on their tables and yelling cheers of "oie oie oie!
" What a great place this is.
The great beer keeps everybody well lubed and keeps it fun.
Wouldn't bring the kiddies though.

Am.
Fan.
This place is so much fun!
The friends I was with had all been to the Hofbrauhaus before, so I was the only one who didn't know what to expect.
We made a reservation for 8:30 on a saturday and walked right in when we arrived.
The first thing you notice is the HIIIIIGH ceilings and how loud it is.
If you are looking for a quiet place to eat, skip this place or sit in the room in the back which is much quieter, but you can still hear the music.
Next time I go, I'd like to sit back there because it is made to look and feel like an outdoor garden seating area and it looked just lovely.
But this time we sat in the front room.
The band played a mix of fun german singalong songs and american rock.
They even played the  Star Spangled Banner and one point and everyone was singing.
Very cool.
The prices were reasonable for a Vegas dinner.
A friend and I split a sandwhich which was around $16 and the beer I had was $7.50.
The more elaborate meals and larger beers are a bit more money, so plan on about a $30 meal.
Anyplace that let's me stand on the chairs (bench) to see the stage is OK by me!

Best Place ever in Vegas!
I went there for the first time in Spring and was loving it.
The people in the place are super friendly, that you can't help but smile the whole time you're in there.
The food was good, but the beer was even better.
We ended up sitting with a group of strangers that were super friendly and had the best time.
The music is fun too since its the usual instruments you would find during Oktoberfest.
At times they have contests in which you can participate in.
And the best part is the shots they serve.
Goes down very smooth and mixes well with the beer.
I recommend going there for a party and celebrating as much as you can!

As soon as I walked in, I felt happy and at home.
The atmosphere, the music, the beer, and the food were all "sehr gut"!
A really fun time in Las Vegas.
I recommend the Jager Schnitzel!
And some Jager!

i LOVE this place.
Its a bit pricey, but I try to make it every time I'm in vegas.
The best nights to go are on a friday or saturday and it really is an authentic german drinking hall.
I've been to one in Munic and I really can say this place was like a smaller replica.
Seating is similar to that of lunch halls/cafeterias.
The beers are delicious, bigger than my head too.
This place is very interactive.
They have a live band, servers passing around shots and drinking beers.
The pretzels are AMAZING here, but beware.
They offer them to you, but they are not free!
Food isn't bad.
I always go for the pig knuckle.
And those potatoe balls.
I dream about potatoe balls everytime I come here.
There's a host also.
He's very funny.
He pulled me and my girlfriend up on stage sat me on her lap.
He then continuted to um.. blow into a giant 10 ft horn, whilst the other end rest at my crotch.
It was pretty hilarious.
He put the mic in my boobs also, but considering my bosom isn't plentiful I just had to hold it.
Then all my girlfriends got to come up and play with the tamborines.
The only shocker of the night was when we got our check.
I don't know how we ate and drank so much, but dammit we were drunk and we had a blast!

5 Stars, this place is a pure masterclass of beer perfection.
It's in Las Vegas and serves as the sister of the infamous Bavarian beer hall (which I have visited on three separate trips).
The main detractor for this place would have to be the prices for the beer which can get pricey if you have a high tolerance or are just extremely thirsty.
I haven't eaten at this particular branch of the Hofbrau but I'm sure the food is tasty and includes an array of German favorites including bratwurst and pretzels.
They have three signature beers which are served on tap-Original, which is a golden lager, Dunkel, which is a dark hoppy beer and a Hefeweizen.
I have had the original and dunkel time and time again, and they never fail to amaze me.
If you enjoy your beer and like a good old fashioned merry German atmosphere then this is definitely a must for your next Vegas trip.
Also the beers are served in liter plus Mass glasses which make the experience all the more enjoyable.
They usually have live German music with guys dressed in traditional outfits and the frauleins look the part too.
Check it out and prepare to drink beer.

We went here for dinner and it was not exactly what we expected.
It was so loud in the main dining room, we ended up staying at the bar and eating there, which was nice because you got to see/hear all of the action without having to deal with the crazy quality of it.
The food was OK.
I was a little startled by the $13 pretzel (that is not a typo), which came with 3 dips (2 mustards, 1 cheese).
We then tried the jagerschnitzel, which I personally make at home.
The food came up so quickly, you know it was sitting back there already made.
While it was tasty, a piece of pork and some homemade noodles did not seem to be worth $19.
We ended up spending a lot of money for very little food or drink.
It was rather disappointing, I doubt I would go back.

Beer, pretzels, bratwurst and plenty of pork dishes.
Is there any better combination on the face of the earth?

I guess this place is fun if you have a bottomless wallet.
The beer was good, the environment was nice, but the food was mediocre and everything was inexcusably overpriced.
$13 for a soft pretzel.
The total bill for my friend and I (1 beer each, 1 entree, the aforementioned pretzel) was $125 with tip.
The meal was not even overly filling.
Definitely would not go back... much better places for much less money all over the strip.

Having been fortunate enough to have eaten at the original in Munich, I was super fucking excited to try this U.S. version of it.
We were seated promptly in their dinning/beer hall that looks pretty close to the original, just a bit smaller.
Hearing the live German band playing traditional drinking songs inspired us all to order the Liters of their original beer.
I was super glad to read that they follow the German beer laws in this joint too.
In Germany it is against the law to add preservatives or sugar to the beer, which means you can drink all the liters you want and feel great the next morning.
I was a bit disappointed that they were not serving the Pork Knuckle ( pork shoulder on the bone) because I had a hard on for the dish in Munich.
Yet, the fact that they do serve it on other nights made me feel OK with it.
Obviously I have to come back on my next visit to this crazy city.
After going over the mouthwatering menu a couple times, my eyes locked in on the Schnitzel (spelling?).
A fried slab of pork smothered in a fucking awesome brown gravey, mashed potatoes and some veggies.
Just enough to fill you up but not to the point of vomiting.
After a few more liters it was time to head back to the strip.
No doubt in my mind I will be back on my next trip for that pork knuckle, and the shirt I was to drunk to remember to buy!

The Skinny: texturally offensive cafeteria food that had probably sat in a chafing dish all day (1), low cut, faux-German, dairy maid costumes does not constitute service unless you are at a strip club (2), overall value can only be justified if you've had way too much to drink (1).
Hofbrauhaus is a Disneyworld-esque German-styled building close to Hard Rock Hotel.
I wanted to try this place out for a while because of the charming facade outside.
We decided to head there to eat because it was in my head that it would be like a mini-trip to a sanitized Germany without the pricetag.
When we entered, the place has the tired ambience of a hangover  complete with the loud, cacophony of a bad German folk band.
Nobody was singing along with music, dancing or laughing... just downing a bunch of beer one after another.
Our waitress came by and took our orders dressed to... err... impress.
She soon lost interest in our table however when we told her we weren't interested in alcohol.
Ordered a Diet Coke/Pepsi which was not only flat but also tasted like there was some root beer mixed in there too.
I ordered the Sauerbraten which is supposed to be a roast pork dish with dumplings, vegetables and red wine sauce with red cabbage.
We were surprised at how quickly the food came out of the kitchen.
After we tasted our food , we knew why.
The food obviously was sitting under a heat lamp for way too long.
Someone tried to disguise overly dry, salty pork with an overabundance of a lumpy, thick, red wine gravy.
The dumplings were large, gummy and unappetizing.
Vegetables were overcooked.
The only thing that was okay on the dish was the stewed red cabbage.
My husband's schnitzel was dry and soggy.
The gravy, it was swimming in, was bland.
The potato salad was unpleasant, sour and overly warm.
This place is not cheap - a typical entree can be around the $20 mark - yet they do not provide you any value for your dollar given the quality of the ambience, service and food.

I am a big fan of the Hofbrauhaus.
Maybe it's the beer, maybe it's the live music, or maybe it's the atmosphere.
Who knows?
I must be all three, right?
OK.
ALWAYS get the Jumbo Complete.
Don't pass it up.
It's basically a large pretzel with cheese and mustard.
Great appetizer, but sometimes I need more than one.
Have a good time, swing your glasses and dance all you like.

Some colleagues and I visited this location of the Hofbrauhaus on a business trip to Las Vegas.
We'd previously visited the location in Newport, KY.
This location was not as good as the Newport version.
The beer is not brewed on the premises, and the variety was severely limited (no Maibock!).
In fact, there were only two options: dark and light.
The waitress was not able to describe the beer adequately either.
It's not that the beer wasn't bad -- it was very tasty and a good alternative compared to casino offerings -- I was just looking forward to a bock or something else.
The food was also a little disappointing compared to Newport.
I didn't order the same item as I had previously, but something about it didn't sing.
But it was good nonetheless.
I left full and content.
If you're a German beer/food lover in Vegas, you'd do well to visit this location of the Hofbrauhaus.
Just make sure you hit up their location in Newport at some point as well for a better experience.

probably was the highlight of the trip to vegas for us, mostly for its amazing stab at authenticity.
but that's vegas... yes, even more touristy than the munich version, but the beer and sausage is straight from bavaria.

We came here to watch the US in the World Cup :(  It was a perfect place for this.
The beer options are limited (light or dark), but the beer is good.
We split a meal (Hhnchen), mostly to help absorb some of the beer.
I love sptzel, so this was perfect.
Don't come here expecting a gourmet meal, or you will be unhappy.
It has a great atmosphere and good (vaguely authentic) German food and beer.

Again, it's just not the same (read my review on Carnegie Deli in Las Vegas).
I've been to the real one, and hoped that this one would compare.
And well...  Let me just say that in the real Hofbrauhaus, I could order pig's knuckle (which sounds pretty grim, but trust me.... it's the best of pulled pork and chicharones).
Their beers were flowing like none other except in Munich.
I couldn't understand a word of what was going on around me but that added to the festivity.
Here, I had to settle for their sampler (combination plate?
) of a sausage, and some cuts of meat.
It was good, but not terrific.
It was overpriced too...  Their beer was ok...
I tried the Maibock when I went.
Again, it was good, but still missing something.
The atmosphere was good.
It was relatively empty since I went during lunch.
Their performer was really entertaining.
He really saved the entire meal.
(I bet the dinner atmosphere is a lot more entertaining when everyone is drunk off their asses).
Then somewhere along the course of my lunch it hit me--I'm not in Munich.
It's another one of Vegas' facades.
Like the Eiffel Tower at Paris compared to the real one, or New York New York to the real Big Apple, I can't keep making these comparisons to their real brethren.
So I sat back, enjoyed my meal for what it was (though still only 2 stars), and drank to remember and to forget.

I'm so fascinated with other people's cultures and foods, I forget to occasionally get back to my own roots.
I'm part German, and I can't think of a better way to celebrate that than a visit to Hofbrauhaus.
The food is very rich and filling.
Everything is amazingly tasty, so don't be afraid to order something random off the menu.
The portions are big, but be prepared to be even more full than you think.
This is because you will be drinking at least a liter of dark (or light) German beer.
Every time I've visited Hofbrauhaus, there has been some authentic German beer hall entertainment.
Along with a band, a dude in lederhosen will be cruising around and keeping the party going.
Last time I was there, the band made their way around the restaurant with their instruments, and one of the guys hopped up on a table and played spoons like nobody's business.
If you're so inclined, a girl will come around and offer shots of Jager (or you can order them from your waitress).
The waitress will bring the shots out on a serving board, which doubles as a paddle.
After taking your shot, it's customary to get spanked with the paddle.
Here's a video of my spanking.
Watch out for this waitress..  She hits HARD: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAjl_-cnE2s  Hofbrauhaus is a lot of fun, especially when going with a group.
The party atmosphere is also conducive to merging your group with others.
It's not hard to make new friends at Hofbrauhaus.
Everyone is always happy and having a great time!
Ziggi zaggi ziggi zaggi hoi hoi hoi!

I've been to this Hofbrauhaus before, but its been several years.
We will be going out to Vegas soon and this location is one of my favorites -- especially since my Mom's side of the family is from Germany.
:)  Update to come later!

Once upon a time in a far away land there lived a boy that could celebrate Octoberfest no more than one month a year.
He would order seconds and thirds of his favorite schnitzel and bratwurst dishes, fill his gullet with authentic German bier till he couldn't walk and toast the night away with good friends as the polka band would play his favorite drinking songs.
He would wake up the next morning with a pounding in his head, his voice gone from singing at the top of his lungs and sounds of accordions and tubas resonating in his ears.
Just to do it all over again night after night until the festival was no more.
He would have to wait another long and uneventful eleven months until the magic would return.
Until now.
The moment you walk through the door you can't help but smile and think to yourself,"It's party time" or in my case,"lets get Fing Fed up".
The band is rocking, or as much as a polka band could rock, the crowd is rowdy, and I mean dancing on top of tables rowdy and bent over getting spankings from jager girls rowdy.
The waitresses have German accents, and I mean real accents, not BS fake medieval times accents.
Waiter: "Would me lord wisheth more ale" Me:"Cut the crap Sir D Bag and get me a beer.
"   I also love how this place forces you to socialize.
You can't ask for a table for two and expect a quite romantic dinner.
Your seated at large picnic style benches perfect for standing and splashing beer on.
OK so now on to the food.
The dinners are not too pricey the couple times I have been I have spent about $16 a plate.
I usually get the Nurnberger Rostbratwurstl it consist of 3 pork sausages with sauerkraut, mash potatoes and gravy.
Dudes, believe me when I tell you, this stuff is absolutely amazing.
If you're only experience with bratwurst is something you get out of a package from your local piggly wiggly, forget everything you thought you knew and get ready for the pork epiphany.
Every bite you take will open new doors of flavor and flavor combinations.
If your anything like me and like to drink as much as you like to eat you will actually end up spending more money on beer than you will on food.
Last time I was there I had 3 liters of beer, one of the dunkelweizen, one of the hefeweizen and one pilsner.
The dunkel was my absolute favorite out of the three.
So all in all if your looking for a place to get rowdy, dance on top of the tables, take shots of jager, get spanking from jager girls as well as get a top notch meal in the mean time look no further.

ATTENTION YELPERS: YES, THIS IS A MUST GO TO!!!!!!
On our first day in Vegas on our way to the hotel, we passed the Hofbrauhaus.
My friend, who had been to the one in Munich, got all excited saying we HAD to go.
So we end up going and it was such a good time.
The live music is great, and so is the other entertainment they have going.
There is a ladies drinking contest (which I totally rocked out) and for the burly men, a contest where you have to hold a beer out at arms length for the longest.
You are also bound to make friends with the people who are sitting at the other end of the table.
The Jagermeister Mistress will walk around and offer shots - and spanks with a paddle, which is good entertainment, and my dream job ;-)  This place was a lot, lot, lot of fun and makes me glad I'm from the east coast so I can check out the one in Pittsburgh.
(Pittsburgh....
REALLY?!

RAISE YOUR STEIN.
No, really work out a little before you come so you can raise your stein!
I had a party of 15 and we all had a great time.
The service was good, the entertainment was WAY to loud, and we raised our steins about 15 times during the course of dinner.
The cheese appetizer was good, but could have done without the tower of sausage (or whatever they called it) - too expensive for what you get - better off just ordering dinner plate to share with the table!
This is a great place for a birthday or celebration, chances are someone at your table will make an ass out of themselves.
All the food was good, and cooked just right.

Yum.
That is all I can say.
We went to the Hofbrauhaus for dinner on Friday night and let me just tell you that it was good.
Very good.
I've eaten at this location and also the one in Newport, KY.
When we first arrived, the waitress took our order and was very pleasant.
It didnt take long for them to bring our food to us.
My husband and I both ordered the Jagerschnitzel.
Gooooood.
It was a pork cutlet with a mushroom sauce, bacon, onion, and cranberries served along with Spatzle, which is a German noodle.
There was enough food there to fill you up, but not to get you 'over stuffed' and miserable.
I wish we would of gotten the pretzels as an appetizer, but given the food that we ate, it was enough for the both of us.

While the food is authentic it's not the reason to come here.
The selling point is the beer and shenanigans that happen after dark.
Games, music and all around tom foolery is the name of this place.
A good time is had for all!

I really think this is a great place for a REALLY REALLY REALLY fun and LOUD time.
I personally was getting annoyed at the fact that I couldnt even hear the person sitting right next to me... and she was yelling right into my ear.
It gets that loud in here.
But I have to say...
IT'S A WHOLE LOT OF FUN.
If you are looking for just LOUD OBNOXIOUS FUN... COME HERE.
The staff is really entertaining and very interactive.
The lady servers def.
mess around with the men alot here.
The sausages were ok, but I am not really a sausage fan or connoisseur.
I really like their LARGE LARGE beers.
Come here hungry and thirsty.
They will feed you and drink you under the table.
P.S.
Dont try to come here wearing your sunday best.
Beers and food tend to find their way on your clothes or on your shoes.

So 12 years I'm in Vegas and I have managed to avoid the Hofbrauhaus!
No particular reason really but it always seemed like such a tourist trap.
Well last night that streak ended.
I had some friends in from out of town and with a little convincing, off we went.
Loud music...check!
Girls in fake German garb...check!
$14 oversized and overpriced German beer...check!
I must say that even with all that I still had a nice time.
The food was pretty decent and the people who worked there were nice.
We had a shot girl come by and paddle our behinds (very hard) which added to the memory and the pain.
While I am not in a hurry to go back, I guess if you are looking for German food in a beer garden atmosphere, you could probably do worse.
Let's face it also, there is no other choice within a few hundred miles :-) Oy oy oy!!

We didn't eat here, though what we saw of the food looked great, big platters of schnitzel, sausages, cutlets with lots of sauces, onions, Spatzle and bacon.
We came for the beer ... the same beer served in the Hofbrauhaus in Munich: Hofbrau Original, Dunkel, Hefe Weizen, Maibock and Oktoberfestbier.
They are all delicious and available in 0.5 and 1.0 litre steins.
Be warned ... this is one loud and boozy experience, and a sometimes surreal loud and boozy experience.
Country and Western Oom Pah Pah music, the inane birthday ritual, the hammond organ and the really had too much beer patrons.
This is not a Las Vegas ultra-lounge night out, but if you get into the spirit of it, it's a gut bustingly good night out with a group of friends.

If you have been to the original then you can appreciate this establishment as well.
It should jog the fond memories you had when you were with your college friends or other loved ones sharing a pint in a country afar.
If however you have never been to the original I am not sure you can appreciate it...thus just enjoy the beer and eat somewhere else.
The food is OK, it's typical german fare which means not much taste and prob not worth the price.

Awesome!
The drummer of the live band that was playing, got so drunk he fell off of his chair.
"nuff said.

It was fun to go since I have been to the real one in Munich and the other fake one in Newport, KY.
The food was good and the dark beer was as I remembered it.
My waitress actually was fully fluent in German and her entire family was from Stuttgart, Munich and Frankfurt.......that helped.
Get the poached sausages, you can't go wrong!

Went for my birthday and received a harsh paddling from Brittany who is on every advertisement in Vegas.
She was awesome and didn't mind us even though she had a rough night.
Someone brought their kid in and sat right behind us and that might of been the fastest I ever seen someone put down a liter so they could promptly leave after hearing our conversations.
My personal tip is get the plastic boot for 10 or 12 dollars fill it a few times and leave it behind.

Best German Food in Vegas.
Loud, rowdy and tons of fun.

Love this place , it's just like the one in Munich that we visited last summer, make sure you be there on Sat for the famous pork knuckles .

Are beer, funny shorts, and spanking high on your priority list when it comes to choosing a place to have dinner?
If so, Hofbrauhaus is right up your alley.
Food isn't anything spectacular but the biergarten style seating, the plentiful amounts of beer, and a fun loving band keep this party moving.

So, after finding out that the place that I stayed at had a Bavarian restaurant next door I had to go; there was no question.
The restaurant stays close to its roots with a big dining hall full of long tables and giant 1L beer glasses.
Perfect for a good Bavaian experience.
In my opinion so far of Vegas... A lot of it seems to be for the show and not quite for the quality.
This is kinda one of them.
Sure everyone's in costume, there's  oompa band and all, but the food is merely MEH...
Instinctively, I ordered the sausage platter.
I figured I'd get a good taste of everything.
Plus, I added a order of spatzle on the side (CAUSE I LOVE SPATZLE!!!).
The first thing I noticed that everyone was pronouncing spatzle wrong (whatever...).
Anyways, my platter came with an assortment of sausages (2 vienna frankfurters, 1 chicken and 1 pork with a bunch of sauerkraut  and mash potatoes, mustard and hunter sauce.
After trying everything I came to one conclusion.
This is more about the show than it is about the food.
The vienna franks were terrible.
If you want to try them... go to Costco... they sell them there.
The only good sausage was the pork one.
And even then it was still "OK".
The sauerkraut was alright... but definately out of a jar that they bought in bulk.
It wasn't exactly the best sauerkraut I've had.
The spatzle wasn't really made very well either.
I believe they just boiled it and strained it.
Good spatzle is pan fried after... (the best is in butter... MMMMMMMmmmm butter...).
This kinda had the consistency of soggy popcorn.
The flavour was alright (because it had herbs in it), but it would have been much better if it was pan fried afterwards.
The best thing really about this place is the atmosphere.
If you've never been to a bavarian beer/sausage house it's something that you have to experience (without actually having to go to an oktoberfest).
I mean it's not the same, but at least they try and give you the gist of it.
The weirdest thing was that no one knew the german drinking anthem and what to do; they really had to push it whenever they decided to "lift their steins".
That and the waitress's were forced to do the chicken dance everytime it came one.
OMG i felt so bad for the waitresses, as if they are made to dance everytime that song came one.
They were like chicken dance robots...  Definitely at least try this place if you haven't been to a bavarian beer/sausage house.
Personally I think even the one at EPCOT centre in Florida is better.
Order a giant beer and have a good time with your friends.
Don't expect the food to be amazing.
PS.
They actually sell the 2L Das Boot here... so if you're a collector like me... get one.
Then you can have Boot races...

I grew up on German/Austrian food being that my grandmother was from Austria.
Since she passed away, I've been trying to find a place that could provide me the food I've missed so much.
Thank you to the Hofbrauhaus for doing so.
I was like a kid in a candy store.
Actually, I felt like a child at Christmas.
We ordered the platter to share plus bread and potato dumplings.
The potato dumplings were almost as good as my grandma made.
(she sometimes put meat in the center of hers).
The gravy was perfect on top.
The roast beef and pork chop was just the way I love them.
I wasn't a big fan of the sausage, but it was still good.
The live band sang a mix of Bavarian and American songs calling out for social drinks.
The people stood on the tables singing and drinking.
Others danced the polka.
It was just like Christmas.
The only thing that was annoying was the servers' outfits.
Bavarian women do have other outfits where their cleavage doesn't hang out.
If you grew up in a family like mine, the food and the music will definitely make you feel at home.
If you are not familiar with this, you might think this restaurant a little goofy.

I have been here many times and always have a good time.
Its a bit pricey for the food but your also getting entertainment as well!
The beer is good and you gotta love the Jagger girls selling shots with a paddle they will happily use on anyone needing a spanking.
We usually get the giant pretzel and some beers.
I have tried some of the other items but I am not a fan of German food.
Some of the sausage we tried were good tho.
Sit close to the band if you dare..they may even hook ya up with a free shot if you start singing and dancing on the table..but by then you wont need any more shots!

So lets start by saying that they serve beer the right way...by the liter.
I am not a big fan of beer myself, however, I did enjoy my liter of dark beer.
The staff is dressed in German Folk attire, and they look great, and lets not forget the live band.
There is something to say about good old German Folk music it has a spring to it and makes the drink and food very exciting.
They have a great menu featuring traditional German dishes, I strongly recommend the wiener schnitzel dish it doesn't cost to much and you get to taste the different flavors.
The atmosphere is packed with excitement it is a place were you can bring the whole family.

Great food, great service and an amazing atmosphere.
I was even spanked with a wooden paddle after taking shots.
This is an experience as much as it is a restaurant.
The beer here is excellent as are the giant pretzels.
The entrees aren't going to blow you away but they're good enough and they give you plenty of food.
There's actually a second part of the restaurant in the back called the beer garden if you don't want to be overwhelmed by the band and ruckus.
At first we thought we were outside, but it's actually indoors.
Very touristy but worth a visit.

My fianc and I both agree that we will never visit again.
Over priced, cheesy, and lacking in both authenticity and flavor.
Don't order their radish appetizer.
Just don't.
The sausage tower was decent, but boring.
Who plays Margaritaville in a German establishment.?
We did enjoy ourselves though, we were drunk and drinking.
Big mugs of beer.
I think my biggest annoyance was that at the outside bar, they can't make a cocktail that's not on their menu, for a reasonable price- $5 per liquor involved per pour if you want something "obscure" e.g.
a classic Sidecar.. And they don't even pour it, it's all measured out and done for them.
Seems like the owners are a bit hard up.
Where's the trust for their own employees?

This was the best meal I've ever eaten in my life.
The food and beer are phenomenal.
Everything is a little pricey, but well worth it.
If you a fan of German food and beer, you will NOT be dissapointed!
I recommend:  The soft pretzel as an appetizer A liter of beer Pot roast Stuffed chicken

$37 bar tab for 4 beers...really?
Ambiance is not very good.
We never go past the beers..the menu is outrageously priced.
No Way.

This place went from fantastic to a total piece of crap!!
Was in town on business, and tried to take some people there for dinner last night.
As we pulled up into the parking lot, we were greeted by the horrible sounds of a band trying to play Margaritaville (which actually sounded like a bad rendition of Karaoke).
But being that one guest had lived in Germany, he wanted to see the Hofbrauhaus.
We were told by the hostess that it would be a 20 minute wait.
We asked for the "beer garden" area to get away from the music.
So we stood in the front bar area, chatted and watched some ESPN on the screens there.
After about 45 minutes, we grew impatient.
I walked into the hall to go to the restroom.
As I did I noticed the back area / beer garden was maybe 1/4 occupied.
All kinds of tables were open!!
I walked back to the front, and asked what the area was and the hostess said that is the beer garden.
When I asked about the number of open tables, she said - we dont have enough servers!!
(on a Thursday night before a weekend??
)  We stayed for a bit, and then started to notice the staff's total lack of interest in customers, etc.
With this we left.

Been here three times now and I still love the place everytime.
This is can't miss Vegas.

Bad service, our waitress kept pressuring us to buy trinkets from the gift shop, it got awkward.
She even added that they were having a contest to see who could sell the most gifts, felt like she was begging.
We also ordered from the dinner menu bc that was the menu they gave us and our server blamed us when our food took an extremely long time to come out.
We hadn't even complained we just asked for refills on our sodas and she retorted with, "You ordered from the dinner menu!
" Strange.
The prices are too high and I'm not a cheapskate, 13 bucks for a pretzel, ouch.
The food was decent, especially the pork roast, but we won't be returning.
Glad we tried it before taking our family and friends.

Great large beers and good German food as expected.
Live music all the time and the other diners are good entertainment themselves.
Everyone sits on large tables family style and you get spanked with a paddle if you order a shot of Jeigermeister.
Great atmosphere and the beer and food are good also.

I know this place gets a bum wrap for their prices.
This is the second time I have been and I wouldn't change it for the world.
The other side of the beauty of my experience is that I have never had to pay a dime.
Special events, this one was for the tattoo convention.
Opening night party with tattoo royalty.
It was awsome and then they put free food and booze into the mix, what more can a guy ask for.
The sausage and the meatbals were pretty darn good, ad the dunkel beer was fantastic.
So much fun and sooooooo many fishbowls full of beer.
Thanks Mario Barth

If you're in Vegas and want German food, this place does a pretty good job.
Went here this past Wednesday night and the band was playing Oktoberfest type music so it was loud, fun and lively.
And then there was the Jaegermeister girl doling out shots and spankings (for a price of course)...that was entertaining to watch.
The hall itself was about 2/3 full so we had good service.
(The beer garden was closed.
)  Family style seating.... we sat at a table with another couple but we had plenty of room to spread out and didn't feel like we were in each other's space.
The food was plentiful and typical German.... hearty and filling.
Good flavor and as I've not been to Germany I would have to assume not as good as the real thing but pretty darn close.
Saw that they have daily lunch specials for $10, so I'll go back since I know I'll come home with leftovers.

This place is A LOT of fun.
Food is good, but not great.
German's aren't exactly known for their innovative cuisine.
Beer is great.
The best part is the ambience and entertainment.
Family style/beer hall style seating.
Very lively and maybe a bit too loud for those with sensitive ears (I personally like it loud).
This place would be perfect for a large group of fun people.

Having lived in Germany for 7 years, I was hoping for a tasty nostalgic experience at Hofbrau.
That's what i got, kind of.
Food is decent but not great.
For the price I was hoping for the best damn schnitzel in town.
Didn't happen.
I've had plates that tasted like they were ready for hours, sitting under heat lamps.
The beer is good but extremely expensive.
I will admit there's something about holding the big liter stein that feels perfect.
Just not for the price.
The staff has been somewhat unfriendly.
I realize they get busy and the place gets packed.
I've felt ignored and they have charged me for more than i ordered multiple times.
They have however, got my order right every time.
I find that impressive with the amount of customers.
Even with all this, I enjoy when they have live polka/German bands, beer games, and celebrity keg taps.
It is the best place to go for the German experience in Vegas.
If your willing to fork out the extra cash, this is a great place to drink some authentic German bier.
I'd recommend stopping somewhere else for a couple local priced beverages first though.

I am so unhappy with my experience here at Hofbrauhas that I am sitting here posting my review in the restaurant as we speak.
They get one star for the building and atmosphere.
Our waitress was nice enough to start.
We ordered sodas with no ice and a couple minutes later she brings us out soda glasses that are half full.
No exaggeration at all.
We look at her and ask what's up and she explains that their system only pours so much soda per drink and with no ice it leaves the glass half full.
She then explains that you get two refills and we can use one of our refills to fill the glass.
What the hell?
Are you serious?
I have NEVER been to a restaurant with that policy.
This is a pretty pricy place so the fact they are cheap on soda is doubly strange.
And I wanted to substitute fries for the potato salad in my 18 dollar meal and she said no substitutions.
Also my dad asked the waitress what kind of German beverages that were available that were non alcoholic and the waitress got an attitude and laughed at him.
I don't care if the food is good or not.
I don't care if the girls are dressed up like they are working Fantasyland at Disneyland.
For the price you pay for dinner here their policy on food and drinks suck here.
I will not return.
:0)

Das boot!
Das boot!
(a.k.a.
glass boot full of beer)  Hofbrauhaus is cheesy, it's a tourist trap, it's priced for out-of-towners (read: expensive).
That said, on a Friday night, it is one of the best places in town to go if you want an energetic crowd enjoying themselves and lots of good beer.
No, it's not a perfectly authentic German beer hall (then again, the Paris casino is not a perfect replica of French culture).
It's an impersonation.
A frat-boyish impersonation of a German beer hall.
Diners are seated on wooden benches at communal tables and served lots of beer (in massive, heavy mugs or an uber-expensive glass boot).
The polka band plays at night and sparks congo lines, drunken feats of strength and constant sing-alongs.
As for the negative reviews, I will agree that the food is mediocre, consisting mostly of fried meats or some form of sausage.
The prices are at ridiculous "bilk the tourist" levels.
That's why such a fun place only ranks at three stars for me.
But Hofbrauhaus isn't built to be a place you'd go on a regular basis.
It's built to throw a drunken party.
A party where you get intoxicated enough to forget how much you're paying.
If you go there, know what you're getting into.
It's loud.
Hella loud.
Fun loud.
Lose yourself loud.
And if you have a designated driver and no responsibilities in the morning, it's a great place to play tourist (i.e.
bring a group for drunken antics and lose several years of emotional maturity).

Where else can get  weiner schnitzeled and paddled in las vegas?
Nowhere except at Hofbrauhaus!
By far, this was one of my favorite city experiences.
I ordered the chicken schnitzel, a giant beer and enjoyed the band sing a German version of YMCA.
It sorta made me want to visit the land of my ancestors.
I guess the closest I will get to the homeland is eating a family sized bag of black forrest gummy bears while watching law and order reruns and drinking a beer the size of a fat baby.

Came here once and it was alright.
I was a little plastered and it was late at night so there wasn't much of an atmosphere.
I have been told that it is pretty lively in October so I have to go there in October somehow.
There are a few drawbacks to it.
#1.
It's outside the strip, it's like right across from Hard Rock Hotel (Do you see a growing theme of me making lists) #2 If you don't have a car, I have to walk drunk all the way to the Hard Rock Hotel.
#3 I got spanked by a wooden panel at the Hofbrauhaus.
Now that I have your attention again and away from me complaining about how far it is from the strip.
Let me explain the spanking.
Apparently one of my friends who has been there knew that if you get a shot you get spanked.
My friend asked me if I wanted a shot, to my surprise I was like "SURRRE!!!!!!
"   My shot comes out and it's in a wooden paddle that has holes in it for the shots to fit in.
I didn't think anything less of it.
So I have my shot of Jager and then the waitress tells me to come over and bend over.
Apparently I will get spanked by her with the paddle.
Now let me say that this chick didn't go easy on me and gave me such a hard spanking that the fat of my butt cheeks went through the holes of the paddle.
I was jumping up and down in pain.
It actually hurt sitting down after that.
I was humiliated, there are pictures somewhere out there of that event and I will get my revenge on that waitress and friends.
In conclusion if you want to impose pain to a friend please take them here.
P.S.
they have a lot of beer apparently that you can drink in a 1 liter Stein.

What a wonderful place!
The food is super, the entertainment decidedly hokey, and the beer... Oh the beer.
I'm a beer-lover and was very happy with, not only the quality, but also the sizes available -- pints!
There were songs about beer (sung in German), grown men asking to be paddled on the ass by the waitresses in front of the entire hall, games to win glass steins.
Oh yes, the entire place was up on the tables dancing and singing along as best (or worst) as they could.
Hofbrauhaus isn't your typical "sit-down" restaurant by any means.
Rather, the eating "hall" is full of tables that are shared among everyone.
Groups are seated far enough apart to have their own space, but I can see the place being filled & mingled with patrons on a busy night.
This time around, I took some advice from a fellow Yelper and ordered the stuffed chicken (Grillhendl).
It's difficult to describe, but the flavor was definitely German and very delicious.
Erin Ashley (my wonderful woman) ordered some type of salad -- potato salad mixed with green salad & a type of schnitzel on top.
Oh the glory.
For an appetizer we were served a soft preztel accompanied with three sauces -- spicy mustard, sweet-spicy mustard, and a thick-creamy spread made from Brie cheese.
Personally, I'm not a big fan of Brie.
But this spread is to live for.
I sang.
I danced.
I drank.
I didn't win a stein, but I will keep going back to have fun and play the game.
And so should you.

I've read through a bunch of the reviews and I see common themes for folks disappointed with their experience at the Hofbrauhaus.
Beer Prices 2.
Food price/authenticity 3.
The Band (Music Selection and volume) 4.
Service   First off, I lived in Germany for 5 years and have been to Munich's Oktoberfest several times so I have some perspective to compare fairly.
Beer Price: 15 dollars for a LITER of Beer.
Let's break it down.
A liter of beer is 33.8 ounces.
That is two ounces short of THREE 12 Oz.
BOTTLES.
So I challenge anyone to find real german imported beer on the strip for less than 5 dollars.
If you ask me, you are getting a bargain especially when they are offering their tasty seasonal beers.
Food Prices/Authenticity: Prices may be a bit pricey when you are used to Sunday dinner with the family at Chili's or the Cracker Barrel.
This restaurant is a destination in itself.
The servings are large and the food is cooked by actual German chefs.
It may not be EXACTLY to the taste of what you'd find in Germany, but it's pretty close.
A steak in Germany doesn't quite taste like an American Porterhouse either.
I've seen the servers explain the menu choices to folks who are unfamiliar.
The Band: It is loud in the main hall in the evenings.
If you want it to be a bit quieter, ask for the beer garden.
The band plays a mix of german music and american classics.
Just like the Hofbrau tent at Oktoberfest in Munich.
The Germans LOVE to sing John Denver's "Country Roads" and Neil Diamond's "Sweet Caroline" so if you think you are getting Las Vegas cheesiness, you aren't.
You are getting authentic German cheesiness.
Service: The servers I've dealt with all know their beers and the menu.
They can explain the food before you order and get disappointed by not getting what you wanted.
They can also recommend some of the more popular dishes as well.
These servers (as well as many others in Vegas) also deal with a very large amount of foreign tourists who either don't understand that they depend on gratuities (unlike in Europe) or they feign ignorance.
I would go crazy having to work in that beer hall with all that noise and all the demanding customers while trying to keep a smile on my face.
If you can't afford to tip correctly (at any restaurant) then maybe you need to lower your price point for food and entertainment.
The Hofbrauhaus is not a carbon copy of the Oktoberfest in Munich, but it is the closest thing to actually being there.
Arrive there in a mood to eat, drink, and sing with your table mates and you'll leave with an unforgettable memory of Oktoberfest in the desert.

My wife and I had a great time!
We walked over from the hard rock for lunch and spent a few hours eating, drinking and singing.
The food is traditional german with sausage, kraut, hot potato salad, schnitzel, etc.
Good bears and some really good deserts!
We will return!

Authentic German food... really really good!
I ordered the Kielbasa platter, which was pretty good!
Everything here is really expensive though, even a shot of their Schnapps will take you back a good $7... ouch.
Yes this place is fun and loud, and to this day I have no idea what they were saying during the toasts.
Yeah... LOL

Hofbrauhaus!
What an event!
Big plates of German food, big steins of German beer from Munich, and spanking spanking spanking!
Since we had 2 big tables of us, of course the MC pulled all of us up to do the chicken dance in front of the whole restaurant, plus almost all of the guys got spanked by the wenches (is that what they're called?
)   People were just getting smacked all over the place!
Those ladies do not mess around and really give it to all these guys butts.
It's definitely a sight to see!
The food is good and big.
The beers are good and I love that the Oktoberfest ones are actually from Germany.
Hofbrauhaus is definitely an Oktoberfest experience!
We actually met a bunch of guys from Germany here too!
Apparently we met lots of Germans all weekend.
Get ready to drink, yell, sing, stand on your chairs, dance, and just have a good time.

Love this place.
Great entertainment, great food, and awesome beers!
Came here at around 11:30am for some grub.
My gf and I ordered the Meat Salad (awesome bologna salad btw), and the Bratwurst with saurkrat (which was tasty as well).
At first I ordered the half liter beer.
I looked over to my right and saw a tiny blonde girl drinking a HUGE liter mug.
I felt so much like a weaksauce, especially since my gf was taunting me, that I HAD to order the one-liter mug.
There was no choice.
Needless to say, I enjoyed every drop of their Hefeweizen (they use a LOT of bananas and cloves if your into the sweeter hefs).
I'd love to see how they party down here during dinner time.
The host guy was hilarious, going around each table drinking his one liter mug of beer and one liter mug of Bloody mary simultaneously.
Cheers!

Went for Oktoberfest , the food was spectacular and I didn't expect that.
Lots of fun with the live band playing too.

First off, this place is home to some serious ass-whacking.
Be prepared.
Bar Maids with wooden paddles spank the customers.
That might sound nice, but I assure you...it really isnt.
Although it IS great entertainment, and I love this place for it.
Beer: Had the Octoberfest.
Wife had Dunkel.
Both very good.
equal rating.
Had 2 liters, so I must have liked it.
15.50 per liter.
Don't be scared.
Apps: Pretzel.
Cheese, mustards.
Must have.
Meals: Had the wurstplatte, wife had schnitzel sandwich.
Loved mine.
Hers was good, not great.
I am the German in the family, so...  Service: Fine.
We had a large group so it is a pain t begin with.
they got to beat 3 of the group with a chunk of wood, so that probably helped them deal with it.
Games: quarter bounce into stein, stein holding (I am a champ!4.5 minutes), drinking through giant Ricolah horn, dancing, chanting, singing, etc.
And, of course, wooden paddle ass beating.
Thumbs up to all.
The guy who was on stage drank about a keg of beer while performing a variety of buffoonery.
He was great.
If you want a nice quiet meal, stay as far away from here as possible.
If you want a party atmosphere, beer drinking with some good sausage and kraut....this is the place for you.
Bring your checkbook...it ain't cheap.

The food was great and service was very good.
The atmosphere is not exactly what I expected having been to the real Hofbrauhaus.
It is a sing along kinda hicken Dance are not very German.
Definitely a place for the drunken younger crowd.
The evening was topped off by a guy puking his guts out in the Men's room!

This place is a little expensive.
However, the food is stellar and the beer is amazing.
Did I mention the spanking and scantily clad women?
Be sure to buy a shot and bring a camera, because Hofbrauhaus comes with it's own entertainment en masse.
They have two rooms full of entertainment.
My fiancee does not like beer, period.
She does however, like hofbrauhaus beer.
This is like someone whose scale of beer is from a 1 (dislike) to 3 (somewhat dislike)...so this is beyond impressive.
Meanwhile, there's lots of singing, dancing, and altogether humorous fake sky-ceiling to go along with everything else.
Food is Bavarian, so mostly meat, but the pretzels are awesome and come with normal mustard along with sweet/spicy mustard.
Meanwhile, the spanking.
How does it work?
Well, order a shot, and watch what happens.
A must see.

Great place to relax in Las Vegas.
The decor looked nice with dirdle waitresses.
Real Hofbrau beer was excellent.
The atmosphere of the place is awesome.
The band played Ein Prosit quite a few times to raise our Steins.
When the band played Sweet Caroline, it was a public karaoke itself!
Everyone sang with loud and danced.
The other good thing is when you are at Hofbrauhaus, you don't lose.
Because you are not gambling!

We went in October on a Friday afternoon and had a blast.
If you don't like loud beer places with customer participation then this is NOT FOR YOU.
Pricey, but the food, beer, and live entertainment is all good.
Service - 5 Stars.
German Restaurants have slow service.
So long as you know that going in you should be fine.
This place was no exception, BUT our waitress was extremely friendly and moved a little quicker then I even expected.
There was a one-man band playing while we were there.
He sang, played 5 different instruments, and led different beer challenges.
We played in the Stein holding contest, and the quarter in the beer game.
Again, lots of fun!
Food - 5 Stars.
If you like German food, then you'll like this place.
VERY GOOD.
The weiner schnitzel was good, as was the white schnitzel.
Honestly, everything I tried was very good.
Desserts were good too.
Beer - 4  Stars.
Very good.
I've had better German beers, but theirs were pretty good.
And who doesn't like drinking out of a boot?!
Overall, a lot of fun.
Will def go back!

Wholesome comfort food and beer, what's not to like

Unique setting - the German band was great.
Beer - well, German beer - Excellent.
Food was so - so, I have had better German.
Setting is very noisy, but that's what it is all about, a re-creation of Octoberfest in Munich.
We had a great time.
Come for the fun, not the food!!!
And watch out of the schnappes paddle - too much fun!!

Fun place - dining hall style seating.
If you want to try a lot of food - don't order a large stein of beer - you'll leave feeling like you've consumed enough for a week.
Wiener-schnitzel is good.
Great pretzels.
I've had better quality German food in Milwaukee, but they do a nice job here.
Food prices are OK (especially compared to Vegas Strip restaurants) beer maybe a little high.
Just a few blocks from the strip - check it out, it's unlike most restaurants in any other town.

A recent visit reconfirmed my earlier review.
I've been to this place about four times now - and always for lunch.
One of these days I'll have to go at dinnertime.
Had potato pancakes - they were a little thinner than what I like, but the taste was very good.
Looks like they are made with a mix - and that's OK.  My brother asked why there was no sauerbraten on the menu.
The waitress said it was on the dinner menu only.
Later she returned to explain that it is because the dumplings that go with the sauerbraten take all day to cook.
She offered to replace those dumplings with another side, but my brother stuck with the pork that he had ordered.
He said it was pretty good - all dark meatthough - he would have preferred light meat.

This place was a blast.
I had just got to Vegas from L.A. and some friends of mine were at the Hofbrauhaus.
They told me and my friends to come check it out.
I'd never heard of it but hell I was in Vegas so just go with the flow right.
As I walked in I see my friend getting a spanking by a waitress!
OMG my jaw hit the floor when she went down the line and spanked all four of the people i was meeting up with.
I couldn't help but bust out laughing.
I didn't know what to make out of the place at first because its a German place and myself and my 2 buddies were the only black guys in the whole place.
But we loosend up an the next thing you know we were standing on the tables cheering on the beer chugging competitions and singing along to the songs!
Long story short!
Great fun it feels like October fest all the time!

Definitely authentic.
Definitely saw tourists get spanked.
Definitely paid 16 bucks for a beer.
I've been to Germany and this is as close to a real Hofbrauhaus as I've seen in the states which explains why they can be a bit overpriced.
I recommend going at least once for the experience.

If you want to get head while you are in Vegas then this is the place for you!
Now get your head out of the gutter...I mean beer foam, you will get lots of it here.
I know this is Vegas and drinks are usually not cheap.
But this place was very expensive!
Which is the main reason why I really wanted to give this place 2 stars.
BUT...this place had great qualities that bumped it to 3 stars instead.
First great quality was our waitress.
She was very friendly and attentive.
The food was also very tasty..and the portions are pretty big.
The main drawback were the prices though.
We had to share the meals because we knew we weren't going to be able to drink and eat without going broke.
We got the Hofbrauhaus Plate, which consisted of Smoked pork loin, pork roast, smoked sausage with dark beer sauce, side of sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.
The smoked pork loin was my favorite.
I loved how tender and delicious it was when you took a bite of it and combine it with the sauerkraut and potatoes.
Yummers!
The Grillhendl was also ordered.
Which is an Oktoberfest style Roasted Half chicken stuffed with parsley, beer butter and onions served crispy brown with homemade Bavarian potato salad.
The chicken was really good!
I mean really good people...order this!
The chicken was moist and very well seasoned.
I wish they would change the potato salad to mashed potatoes instead because they would go better with the chicken.
But I really liked this plate...would have been nice to have enjoyed it on my own instead of sharing it :(   The atmosphere of the place was fun.
The bad is very entertaining and of course the people getting spanked is a riot.
So in my future visits to Vegas I'm going to have to go gamble, hopefully be lucky and make some money then hit Hofbrauhaus cause it's expensive.

I was at the Munich location last summer and this place rates!
You can't beat the original of course but this place is authentic with a nice Biergarten.

This place gets four stars for the great beer, the perfect pretzels, and general good atmosphere.
But the music - Neil Diamond, on the accordion?
Really?
Not what I expected at a place like Hofbraus?
Service was wonderful, as always.
Did I mention the beer?
Oh yes.
Love.

More Vegas festivities were held at Hofbrauhaus, a fine purveyor of beer, Germanium grub, and raucous entertainment.
We made a reservation for eight of us the same day, and managed to snag a table with ease.
Once there I realized we got the worst possible location, for me at least; it was about 5' away from the stage, band, and a large party of drunken, table-dancing idiots.
So after a couple glasses of brew; http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cJWbbvGmyhFiBpG_5hf5LA?select=34IhW9hzUkABuxD5YNtK8Q  A couple snacks; http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cJWbbvGmyhFiBpG_5hf5LA?select=OknYYAs9YJyO47jKVgMpmw  We moved our party "outside" to the fake courtyard, where we could hear ourselves talk.
The calm area was nice and had a painted ceiling to give the illusion of the outdoors.
There were TVs to show the shenanigans of the belly of the beast, as well as a Jgermeister shot toting dominatrix, trading paddle driven ass smacks and shots for a few bucks.
I wasn't expecting much from the food, but most of it was pretty good and fairly priced.
All the sausages I tried were good and I ended up wishing I got a sausage platter instead of the large fried pork cutlet; http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cJWbbvGmyhFiBpG_5hf5LA?select=3kbIc_2631KF0YxhUkPQfA  All in all it was a fun time.
If I went back, I would request a table as far from the stage a possible, but I'm old and don't like loud things anymore.

Sausage, sausage, sausage, and Sauerkraut.
Not a big fan, unless you're a fan of sausage and sauerkraut.
It was a very loud environment with a live band, and the ladies/waitress were slapping ppl in the a$$ with a wooden paddles.
If you like that, drop on by!!
I will pass ;)

This is a Vegas ritual for my group.
The only reason to not go while I'm in Vegas is if I'm there with silly "let's go clubbing!
woooo!
" girls... because this is not the place for them.
This is the place for the cool girls who can hold their own in a group of guys, and are more than happy to give up LAX or Rain for a semi-authentic German oompah band playing covers - in German.
It's just plain fun.
On a recent trip with said WOOgirls, my sadness at being kept from my beloved Hofbrauhaus overwhelmed and I had to stop in to pick up some food to take home to LA.
A few pretzels (gotta share with the hubs) and some spaetzle would do me just fine.
I got there 15 minutes before opening (couldn't find their hours online), and they unlocked the doors just for me.
Took my to-go order, churned it out quickly and with a smile.
AND they gave me extra spaetzle, just cuz they're nice like that.
Why not 5 stars?
Well... okay.
The bill for my to-go order came to $43 after tip.
I remember this vividly because it was a money-stressing weekend, and every expenditure's exact value is burned into my retinas.
Checking mint a few days later, I saw that Hofbrauhaus had charged me $48.
Yes, it's $5, but it's shady - and makes me wonder how often this might "just happen" here?
Of course, you can't really do much about something like that, because at that point it's their word against yours... so I let it slide, and choose to not let it ruin my love of the Hofbrauhaus.
I will, however, be paying cash from this point forward.

I love the beer, ambience, music and potato wedges!!!!!!!
Can't get enough of this place!

If Yelp permitted 3.5 stars, I think is place is worthy of them.
Actually, I take that back, the number of stars really depends on the purpose of your visit.
For German mastication, 1 star is plenty.
The food is mediocre at best and I've left hungry after each of the two times I ate food here.
I'm a big guy, but there are entree salads I've had elsewhere that are much more filling than the schnitzel plates I ate here.
The food isn't inedible, but there are far better places in town for authentic and filling german fare.
Now, for a rowdy night of beer drinking and paddling, this place earns 4 stars.
Steins of light and dark house beer are rampant as is the stereotypical German drinking songs performed by whoever is on stage.
As for the house beers, I prefer the dark; flavorful, aromatic and just bitter enough to turn me away from vodka for the evening.
If not, there's always Jager to fall back on.
Watch out for the ladies with paddles and either avoid them or give them a holler, depending on how red you'd like your bottom to be at the end of the evening.
All in all, if a night of beers and watching others getting their groove on in full lederhosen is what you crave, this is the place to be.

We came for a meal and stayed 4 hours.
My wife was dancing on the table and she doesn't even drink.
The party atmosphere is contagious.
Good food, good drinks, good service..what's not to like.

If i could I'd give it a 3.5 stars  The place has that comfort feel of your local bar where everybody's family.
You never know who is going to sit next to, the local, the out of towner or a man and his family from Austria.
I have been to the original one in Germany and when I heard they opened one in Vegas I had to come and check it out.
We ended up sitting next to a family that had originally came from Austria and when we go to talking and he found that I had stopped in his country for a time being we became the best of friend, or maybe the yager helped us become friends.
Never the less we enjoyed dinner and drinks by the pint.
Go to their website to find out when they have bands playing thats the best time to go.
The MC is constantly interacting with the guest to play various game, or just to see how your trip is going.
If your looking for a quite place to wine and dine this is not the joint.
If you wanna drink, dance while standing in your seat this is the spot

I've been to the original Hofbrauhaus and while definitely not the same, this place is still very enjoyable.
Huge HB beers, multitudes of sausage, and their wonderful sauerkraut makes me happy.
The $9,95 daily lunch specials all looked good as well.
Do a Jager shot and they spank you, supposedly.
Its a pretty cheap cab ride from the strip and a nice getaway from the constant slot machine clingclongbeepchingdingdings.

Warning, this place is LOUD, and just as it is loud, it's FUN!
The food is hit or miss.
Luckily, mine was a Hit!
Sauerbraten -  Marinated "Pot Roast Bavarian Style" with Red Wine, Vegetable Strips, Potato Dumpling and Red Cabbage.
The Pot Roast melted in your mouth, the Red Cabbage was excellently made and the Potato Dumpling... was a lump of dough, haha  The 1Liter Steins are Awesome to say the least.
The pretty girls walk around with shots and one girl walks around offering to paddle people.
Yup- preeeetty interesting to see, as long as it's not you hahahaha!
I can't wait to come back to this place with a bunch of crazy friends!

This place is nutty.
I went with a fantastic group of people.
Unfortunately, I was DD and I could not gorge myself with one of their fantastic beers.
I was thoroughly entertained by everything there.
From the band reminiscent of Oktoberfest, to the dominatrix lady whose job is to spank people (I assume for a living -- could you imagine?).
I wasn't extremely happy with my meal (because I eat mounds like a monster), but like in reviews previous, it's hit or miss.
I should have gotten a burger or something, those looked fantastic.
And the fries I tried were pretty fly.
I wish I could try it again!
I just don't live in Las Vegas.
Next time for sure!

Am I required to put a star?
Ugh.
Fine - one.
ONE star for the fact that my friends and I had a GREAT time....UNTIL....dun dun duuuun.
I could make this long and detailed, but for the sake of people actually reading, I'll try to do a quick version.
I had to take a few months to gather my thoughts in order to not be too cruel.
I wanted to yelp the moment I came back from this place, but I felt it'd be most "fair" if I wasn't as steamed.
So where to begin - oh yes.
Over priced boots.
We asked from the beginning what the cost of a boot was.
$20 is what we kept getting from "A" our waitress (I'll save her name - she was sort of nice).
We signed this slip of paper that said boot was not replaceable if broken and beer was extra.
Fine.
So we asked how much the beer was.
Again, kept hearing $20.
I said, "I'll just have the mini boot.
" "Just get the regular one...it'll be the same price.".
Maybe it's my fault for assuming she was taling about the beer, but I guess she was talking about the boot.
Some birthday paddle shots, dancing on the bench, and a few hours later...the bill comes.
Boots cost us about 75 each!!!!!!
Are you kidding?
I mean we knew we had to pay for the boot and beer but calc'd it to about $40...not nearly double.
So whatever we had a good time, were a bit peeved, but paid the bill.
However, we just wanted to know why it cost so much and felt appropriate to ask...so we asked.
That led to pointing fingers..we said we understood and wanted to just let them know for future customers' sakes.
It boiled down to the confrontation of the manager and owner.
Poor management...no solution rather kept adding to the problem.
They evenb through the waitress under the bus and blamed her for our unhappiness.
Well now they just added on to it.
The best part was when they wouldn't let us leave with beer in our boot.
Damn, I paid 75 I better be a ble to take it out!
Plus we were in Vegas!!!!
By the hardrock!!!
Not like we were in the boonie outskirts.
After so much fighting with the management, we stormed out to the words, "we're gonna call the cops!
"  I said, "Go ahead!
"  Ironically we saw some cops outside and they never stopped us for our alcohol.
In fact, thet were fascinated by the beer and asked where we got it.
I said, "down the street but don't go there.
The management is awful!
"  Sigh.
I still get heated.
I think my comic relief was their attempt at making it better by giving us a round of Jaegar.
No thanks.
Second comedy act was the sweet fobbish Filipina lady who asked if I'd pay her bills if she got fired because I would walk out with alcohol.
Hahahaha...poor lady.

Lot's of fun!
Great, authentic German food.
The atmosphere can't be beat.
Lots of people, relaxed, drinking and having a great time.
I would recommend it for a fun, yet not "high maintenence" night out in Vegas!

I fell in LOVE with Hofbrauhaus almost instantly.
The atmosphere makes you feel like you are right back in Germany.
The singing and dancing invoke even the Grinch to smile.
The beer was absolutely delicious as was my entree and my friends.
Immediately we realized that we found a real gem off the strip!
I couldn't leave without purchasing one of the boots for my apartment.
If you are looking for out-of-the-norm fun while in Vegas this is definitely the place to go!
Some people are put-off at sharing tables, but since I have been to Europe so many times it really didn't bother me.
It's a guaranteed good time at Hofbrauhaus!

Very loud in the main part of the restaurant, but a very fun atmosphere, Good food and good service.
Great saurkraut and sausages and awesome potato soup!

This review is based on my experience in 2009, so please bear with me for posting it so late because I didn't use yelp until recently.
It was an awesome place for german food.
My husband and I actually went for my first visit in 2009 and haven't been back yet but we always thought about this place because the food is so good.
We wanna go there again when we are in the area again.

Food was good atmosphere was good beer was cold.
The German potato salad was good the sauerbraten was just ok the potato pancakes were excellent and hot (warmth).
The best part of the meal was the pretzel with the three types of dip.
The schnitzel was great.
I would go back next time in Vegas!

Food was great, beer was great.
I left drunk and broke.
Kind of pricey for the quality of service, but I guess the food makes up for it.

This is definitely a tourist trap, which can be a good or bad thing.
There's really nothing else like this place in Las Vegas so there's that.
And they have really huge beer mugs, and the live music can be fun.
But, after you've been here a few times, the novelty definitely wears off.
You start to realize that the beers are priced easily twice what you should be paying, the food options are pretty bleak, and the music....meh, it gets a bit old.
Last time I wanted to go, it was a Saturday night and I knew it would be packed out so I made a reservation.
Got there, followed the hostess in and what do you know, she seats my party at the one table that is furthest away from anything, a straight diagonal across the room from the stage.
And there were a ton of empty tables that were closer!
Her reasoning was absurd!
So after one beer and a food order that they couldn't even get right, I summoned a manager and complained.
She too, was perplexed as to why we were seated in the back, with a reservation.
She took our food item off the ticket and apologized, which was nice, but the damage was done.
So we finished our first and only round and left.
Sad though, because it could've turned into a long night and a hefty tab, but I'm sure they didn't miss it because this place will always fill up with tourists like me.

Every time I come to Vegas this is a MUST stop partially because I'm madly in LOVE with Jgerschnitzel!!
Pork cutlet topped with creamy mushroom sauce, bacon, onions served with sptzle, drooling yet?
I AM!
This is by far my favorite meal here with beer served in mugs the size of my head, singing, dancing, community style tables it's nothing but GOOD TIMES.
DAS BOOT!

Food FAIL.
Bartender FAIL.
Entertainment - eh.
The only reason I came here was because our friend coordinated our group of 25 and this venue accommodates larger parties because of their bench style seating.
However, the food is mediocre and overpriced, the service was just okay, and the sound system was poorly monitored and difficult to hear what the emcee was saying during their random contests.
First I arrived early hoping to catch a hockey game at the bar.
I called ahead and a host said there were two screens and it looked like one was showing hockey.
Joe the bartender was thoroughly inattentive, slow at pouring (hampered by bottle regulators), and indifferent to my needs.
He never said hello when I sat down, never offered a menu or drink list.
They only have 3 types of beers, and you can only get certain beers in certain sizes.
After 10-15 minutes of waiting, Joe tried searching for the game but it was very clear that he had little experience with a remote control or his bar's service.
Plus having only one bartender at 7pm on a Saturday night didn't help him either.
They use Dish service and couldn't find the game.
Bar FAIL.
They sat us in the main hall near the band and the band was okay.
But why had a drum set on stage if you're not going to have a drummer?
Band FAIL.
I could barely understand the emcee when he spoke because of either the acoustics of the room or the mic or where we were seated but it just made for a noisy atmosphere.
They've got a gal that walks around selling shots of Jager and paddle whacks on the ass.
Having never been in a fraternity, I can't see how either of those can be pleasurable in any way.
Plus, this lady was pissed about something someone said or did because she was putting out a really angry vibe to a couple of other guests not at our party.
I don't eat pork so my menu selections were limited.
I went for the chicken with mushrooms.
Good mushroom sauce, but the chicken was horribly overcooked and tough.
Then it was topped with French's onions and came with their German pasta side dish.
This was NOT worth $19.
Food FAIL.
Not recommended for visitors.
There's plenty better food & dining in Vegas.

Just awful customer service, really disappointing.
I made a reservation here a month before our visit - we were 20 strong, a soccer team in town for a tournament.
I was the first to arrive, and the hostess said to let her know when we had 10 there, and she'd seat us.
When 10 arrived, I let her know.
They started to lead us to our seats, in the Main Hall as we'd requested.
Then, confusion strikes.
She leads us to a table with people already sitting at it, one of our group says "uh...we don't know them..." and she laughs, then realizes he wasn't joking, and says "really?
no way!
"  They claimed that this other group came in and said they were us, so they gave them our table.
However, I suspect the true story is that they screwed up and gave another party our table, under no fault of the people sitting at the other table.
My proof?
While we were waiting for our 10 to arrive, I heard them call "Leslie, party of 6.
"  We were Leslie, party of 20.
So, the Leslie party of 6 was seated, then they realized they screwed up and tried to blame them for wrongly taking our seats.
Not cool.
The manager was involved in all of this, and he is the sole person to blame for the mistake, and the failure to fix the mistake.
They sent us back to the lobby and made us wait until a table for 20 was open.
By the time we were seated, it was 45 minutes past our reservation time.
We had just played 3 soccer games before going to dinner, and were all more than starving, and grumpy.
It truly sucked.
He tried telling us that we could just sit in the beer garden if we wanted - anyone who has been here knows that would be lame.
There is no entertainment, and it is not fun like the main hall is.
We came there to party, not have a conversation.
What they should have done:  Admitted it was their mistake, not blame some other customers.
Given us free mini-beers while we waited, or at least offered us water or SOMETHING.
Apologized.
The manager here sucks, I won't be back.
Oh, and our server sucked and was rude to some of the people in our group, but we still had to pay the 18% tip they tacked on.
I hate that rule with a passion you would not believe.

The serendiptious joy of finding this place was trebled when, for our Friday night reservation, two of our guys came straight from the airport, having just of flown in from the East Coast.
They were a little jaded and needed a pick me up.
" Vodka and Red Bull" they asked of our buxom and broad shouldered server.
None of us knew what was coming next, and boy was it a magnificent joyful pleasure.
The sheer terror on our friend's face as he was asked to clench his fists, lock his knees and spread his legs.
She even asked him to move to the vacant table beside us, as she could not get a good swing in as there was a pillar blocking her at our table.
There were tears in his eyes, and he may never order Red Bull again.
Great food, great beer, great beer hall atmosphere.

I love this place.
Enjoy Oktoberfest and all Germany has to offer in Vegas.
Who doesn't like standing on your chair swinging around your beer stein and singing along to drinking songs?
If that doesn't sound fun then just stay home and leave Vegas to us who enjoy life.
Not too mention the German beer is awesome, the food is really good, and you just might get spanked with a wooden paddle.
That's right, spanked.
It's always a great time.

Um WTF is going on here, random spankings, giant beers, sausages, cleavage, loud music, a guy that looks like Dwight Schrute screaming in german kicking plates off tables with a 10 ft horn!!??
WOW how cool is this place!!
The Sausage and food is good.
I really like pretzels and cheese with Brie  and cream cheese mix they have.
The beer is unreal and the you have to have at least a liter of something.
Next time I am for sure bringing a large group and I will tackle a 2  liter Das Boot myself.
The prices are probably 15-10% higher than they should be but again this is something you need to experience for sure!

Sehr sehr gut!
(that means very very good by the way!
)  I would travel to Vegas just to eat here and see "O.
" Ja, ja!!!
The portions are huge.
The service has always been good.
The beer is cold and oh so refreshing after being in the hot sun all day.
The entertainment is fun.
The spankings are a riot to watch.
Oh yeah... they have a big ol wooden paddle that the servers seem to enjoy using a little too much.
But it's all in good fun (as long as you aren't on the receiving end...unless you like that sort of thing....but then that's between you and the paddle!
This is Vegas after all!
)  I mean really!
What more could you ask for?
Just writing this makes me want to book a trip to Sin City!

good for big groups of drunken-prone people lots of beer, decent food, fun times.
not the original, but will deliver on a fun evening.

Horrible, horrible, horrible service.
Horrible.
But great beer.
That's the only thing that saves this review.
Our waitress was SO inattentive, she said that "the kitchen lost our ticket" for food after us being there for over 30 minutes at that point.
This is something she should have noticed WAY before that considering I had ordered a side salad, and that should have been up right away.
She dropped our food on the ground, she gave attitude about EVERYTHING.
She wasn't paying attention to us at.all.
We needed to flag her down for everything, and when our order finally did come out, it was wrong.
Oh, and she came running after us after we left because she couldn't find the bill on the table and thought we didn't pay her.
Ummm, it's the black thing RIGHT THERE.
But they have giant beers and really good music.
But that doesn't make up for the fact that the service was some of the worst I have ever had!

Went there Saturday night, and it was a blast!
Great beer, we got one at the front bar, went in to the haus, saw the stein competition, sang a bunch of songs, and we parted ways.
It was a lot of fun, and definitely a great place to stop by and have a beer.

The beer and music are so good that I can't give an honest assessment of the food.
I'm usually two litres and one huge pretzel in before I get any sausages, weinerschnitzel or other German delights.
I don't even know what I eat here...honestly.

Hofbrauhaus - how I love thee!
You have quickly become a very necessary Vegas tradition.
Now I can't even fathom the idea of starting off my annual trip to Vegas with Jenn, Annette and Kristen without your delicious pretzels and ginormous brews!
Just think... after a long 4-5 hour drive in the sun, what could possibly be better than a very large, very cold beer and delicious carbs and wieners?
NOTHING.
This time around we just indulged in beer and a pretzel.
I always go for the dark, or the dunkel, which is rich but still refreshing and thirst quenching.
The pretzel comes out warm, perfectly browned on the outside and fluffy on the inside.
The pretzel comes with three dipping mustards - a sweet mustard, a cheesy delish whipped mustard and regular mustard.
All three are great, and I don't even like mustard.
The atmosphere couldn't get better.
Friendly and welcoming, a very large and spacious room with fun German dcor.
I love the pretzels and lobsters painted all over the ceiling.
Weird, but it seems to work.
Plus having activities like playing quarters into your steins and dancing the chicken dance just add to getting one pumped up for being in Vegas!
I'll be back soon Hofbrauhaus!

Visited: May 29th, 2011  My friend Kerri made a reservation for 3pm for this place they day before.
Ania, one of Isabel's friends suggested that we go to this place.
I do believe that Isabel had taken her then boyfriend (now husband) to this place on their anniversary (as an unmarried couple late last year).
I was down to try a German/Bavarian restaurant and see what foods they had to offer.
Ania, Kerri (went to the Munich location), and Isabel said that this place was good.
Of course, I don't know what "good" German/Bavarian food is supposed to taste like.
We went to Hofbrauhaus after our windy and cold experience at Marquee Dayclub.
It was still windy as we were walking in, but inside was nice and toasty.
:) I absolutely loved the architecture in this building as well as the artwork and the long, wooden "family style" tables.
We were sat down and within a few minutes we were ready to order.
Our server was pretty friendly.
I ended up ordering the Creamy Bavarian Potato Soup w/ sliced sausage and the Obazter Classic Bavarian Appetizer while everyone else ordered meat items.
None of us ordered any beer, although I was pretty tempted to order a stein.
Isabel ordered the shot that came with a paddle spanking, and ordered it for that reason.
I know a few people in the restaurant ordered it, and when I saw the spankings and how much they hurt those people, I was not about to order it.
When Isabel got her spanking, she was a freakin' champ, only a little hop.
lol....
Anyway, our food took a little while to come to our table, but it was well worth it.
My soup was creamy and tasty, and not salty and my appetizer was so good.
The pretzel was soft and it was perfect with the seasoned brie & cream cheese dip, however, I consumed the pretzel before I even finished the two mounds of cheese dip.
I ended up having to order another pretzel to finish it off.
The girls seemed to enjoy the food and the festivities, which included the chicken dance.
This occurred after the beer holding contest (the beer was in a stein and the arm had to be straight with no leaning back for leverage).
In the end, two guys ended up in a tie and each got a free stein as a souvenir.
Us girls got a free stein after doing the chicken dance, and that stein went to Isabel because it was her bachelorette party weekend.
I hate the chicken dance, but it was worth getting kicked and stepped on to get a free stein.
lol.....  Hofbrauhaus is a good place to drink tons of German-crafted beer, sing along with the host, get a spanking after taking shots (not for people with a low threshold for pain), eat delicious food, and do the chicken dance.

Drunken singing and chicken dancing, pounding of HUGE steins, sausages, standing on chairs, jager shots followed by getting wacked with a wooden paddle.... What more can you ask for???
We have an Awesome time every time we come here!
A must stop for us every trip to Vegas.
Hard Rock is right across the street.
Perfect for some drunken gambling!

Nice place to visit to remind you how good the real thing was.
Best to go on the weekends as thats when the schweinshaxe is served.

great place had lots of fun there.really good beer knid of pricy

To sum up: authentic Bavarian restaurant located off the strip with huge beer and great food.
To elaborate: My very first trip here was for a friend's birthday extravaganza.
My first thought when I walked in was BEER!!!!
and lots of it.
Now being a Bavarian place they don't offer light beer so don't even think about it.
They offered Hefeweizen, Dunkel and a seasonal - which in this case was a dark wheat beer.
If you're looking for large quantities of tasty libation this is the place to go - get the litre and be amazed at the size of the stein you get.
On to the food - if you like Bavarian (read: German) food, this is the place to be.
I happen to be a fan, so I was in heaven and quite honestly was torn for a while.
Oh the food was sooooooo good - you have GOT to freaking eat here if you like German food.
Plus, the portions are HUGE!
This is excellent drunk food - which probably says a lot about Germans...and the desserts look amazing.
I was too full to try one though.
Bringing on the atmosphere - for all intents and purposes this place is an authentic Munich beer hall.
They have family style long wooden tables and benches, there is a huge shelf along one wall loaded down with steins, and a guy comes in and plays live music and gets loads of audience interaction.
This is a very enjoyable place to come and eat - it's a little pricey (look to spend at least $30 per person if you're drinking), but it's definitely worth it for tourists and locals alike.
I can't wait till Oktoberfest to see this place come alive.
There are also spankings and contests.
Be intrigued...

I went with a group of 4 people and everyone ordered something different to eat and no one was disappointed with the food.
The beer was amazing as many others have mentioned.
The food was also very good, but I would recommend sharing a plate because the portions are very generous.
The service was okay, they weren't very busy, had plenty of staff, and still seemed to take a while to take our order and give us our check.
All-in-all, if you love Baverian food and beer I would say this place is worth checking out.

What a beer hall!
Ive been here a few times and everyone who comes along always has an amazing time.
The beers are huge and light's not an option so if you're going to order a beer be prepared to drink.
It sounds like lately the entertainment has mostly been a one-man band but I've seen a full band play here in the past.
All the gals are wearing German Bar Maid outfits (which become a bit more revealing in the later hours in the evening versus coming in for lunch) which is definitely a sight to see and they'll give ya a shot of whatever liquor is available if you'll let one of them paddle your arse.
Decided to go with the Bavarian equivalent to Bangers and Mash (Sausage, Mashed Potatoes, and Sauerkraut rather than peas) which was delicious and considering how filling the beer was, just the right amount for me.
If you've got about $25/head and are debating whether to stop in, go.
You'll have a great time.
They also have a private photographer offering photos for $15 and $20.
If you have a digital camera, their frame isn't worth the $15, but if not, go for it.

I've never been to Munich (Munchen) but i have been to Germany.
The sausage and sauerkraut were absolutely fabulous.
The veal sausage was tender, hot and flavorful.
I had the Dunkel and believe me it was refreshing .
especially with 108 outside.
The place itself is very authentic looking.
I went early afternoon and it was very quiet .
i can imagine during a busy night this place would be crazy.
Definitely going to make a run here when it is busy.

I just checked out Hofbrauhaus for the first time and I must say.
Hofbrauhaus has made me question my newly single status.
Bring on the weirdos in lederhosen!!
Always wanted to get to the Cincinnati location when I was living in Louisville, but never did.
We walked in around 9 p.m.
Early enough that it wasn't crazy, but late enough that the super majority had dos boots of beer and were schammered.
And we tried to catch up!
But those German girls are a lot more woman than me.
After one ginormous beer, I was done!
Great touristy atmosphere.
Very interactive.
Most of the servers were very friendly.
A total drunken, German party -- dancing, singing and drinking.
I can't wait to go back and try the food because nothing says party time like beer and kraut!
hehe.

Ah the Hofbruhaus house.
I've been to the Hofbruhaus house several times and I'd say on every Vegas trip I go, I try to make it a point to go to this fine establishment.
Mind you, the 4 stars may be misleading; I honestly can't remember the food too much, except on the way out sometimes.
The 4 stars has to do with the vibe of the restaurant, the amazing beer and the fantastic service.
The service is great; they encourage drinking and make sure everyone has a good time.
A performer would come down to each table and drink beer with the table.
I remember one performer telling us he loved his job - he gets paid to party with guests!
The beer is delicious.
If you are looking for the Naughty Ice and the Paps of the world, this may not be the place for you.
(In no means do I dislike naughty and Paps, they got me through college; but sometimes you want a change of pace).
My favorite beer is the hofbru original, but I've tried them all, and they are all top quality beer imported from Germany.
They serve the beer in these huge liter glasses and gives you that European feel (So I've heard, although I've never been to Europe).
The best reason for the 4 stars is the vibe of the establishment.
Everyone is merry, the music is jovial and the staff holds games throughout the night that you can play to win a glass or other prizes.
Think chicken dances, holding your beer up the longest and spankings!
The tables are the long type tables that force you to be cozy with your neighbors.
I typically wouldn't like this, but the place has such a friendly atmosphere that it's really fun that way.
Man, writing this post makes me want to do a quick run to Vegas...

Good food, very good beer, fun atmosphere.
Then why two stars?
The value ruins it.
They want your money and have created lots of ways to charge for it.
This place provides a fun party atmosphere where you can partake in fun German traditions and some new ones this place created, all put to loud German folk music.
If you are not much of a drunk partier, it might be over the top for you.
I don't really want to get spanked, sing songs with drunk people, try to hold up an oversized beer mugs until they drop, etc.
If you do, you will enjoy this place!
I've traveled all over Germany and this place mimics the fun beer halls of Bavaria.
I say mimic because it is fairly authentic but still a reproduction of the true festivals of Deutschland.
The food is very similar to that found in Germany but not quite as freshly prepared.
The flavors are good and most cater to the true meat eaters.
Almost all sausages and cutlets are worth trying.
But let's talk about the value.
A pint of beer costs $8 and their terrible Ice Tea almost as much (Germans don't know Iced Tea).
$20 for an entree, $6 for a salad, $1.50 for a slice of swiss cheese on the schnitzel, $2 for bread, and a whole host of other charges.
Basic food and beverages for 3 people was $78 before the tip.
Then there are all the tips.
Tip the waitress, tip the musicians (they even come around begging with their horns), tip the bathroom attendant that hands you a towell but can't keep the bathroom clean...geez, good thing I didn't valet!
You would never find this kind of pandering in Germany!
(Well, you do need to tip the bathroom attendants in Germany but at least they keep the bathrooms spotless during non-festival times.
)  So, while there are good elements to this place, I don't recommend it.
If you are interested in an authentic German meal in a quieter setting, I recommend Cafe Old Heidelberg, with very authentic food (albeit, slow service) for a much better price.
Tchuss!

Nice place -- great to stop by on the way to the airport.
Very friendly staff, and the seasonal dark wheat beer is fantastic!

I usually write more in depth reviews, but this place doesn't deserve my words so it will be short.
The food was doused in salt and everything was an overpriced bratwurst.
The server came around once every 15 minutes; horrible service.
I couldn't hear what anyone at the table was saying, including the person sitting right next to me.
If I wanted to go to play drinking games and spend my night with loud obnoxious drunks, I would have stopped by UNLV and hung out at a frat house.
At least I wouldn't have to pay $20 for a freaking hotdog.
Two stars because the beer was pretty good and the building looks cool.

Ok, I have been to the real one in Munich several times and I have to say that it is my favorite place in the world to sit with friends, eat some good food and have the best beer in the world!
The Hofbrauhaus in Las Vegas is a fun place to take some friends and I would recommend it to most people, but it does fall short of the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany.
First, the bad: its pricey!!!
$15 for a beer?
In Germany it was less then $6 (US) but its Vegas and they are selling an experience so I get it.
It cost us $180 for 4 people to eat dinner... wow, but again its Vegas.
My only issue with the price is that the servers don't come around all that often so you must flag them down when you see them or you may not get another chance.
Also, I didn't appreciate that after the 2nd refill on her Iced Tea my friend was told she would be charged for the next one?
Seriously?
At these prices she should be able to drink as much Tea as she wants.
The Good: Its a fun party environment.
Especially on the weekend!
I love the euro style dining experience in the main hall because as you drink and sing along with the band (which can be a little loud) you can't help but to meet some interesting people.
The garden section is also available for the more intimate dining experience and isn't nearly as loud!
Also, the food is very true to the dining experience we had in Germany.
Was it as good as Munich?
Maybe not, but how many German places can you find in Vegas?
Fact: Google lists 7!
HB, Cafe Eidalvice (SP) and 5 Weinerschnitzels... so it was good enough!
Overall its a fun place to go every now and then, but you can also find a better dining experience for the money (think Mortons).
As a substitute for flying to Munich, its totally worth it.

This is a hard one to review.
Whether you like it or not will be depend on what you're looking for when you walk in the door.
We were seated in the main dining hall and I have to say that place is LOUD.
Its not a good place to have a conversation - as a matter of fact I applaud you if you can actually have a conversation over all that noise.
Even when the band isn't playing its noisy.
I was at the end of the table and had to have others repeat what the waitress was saying because I couldn't hear her from 6 feet away.
That being said its definately a fun drinking place.
The band mostly played German beer hall songs but sometimes they'd sneak in a Sweet Caroline or a Jimmy Buffett song.
We were a party of 6; we all ordered different things and we all were happy with our meals.
I'm not a beer drinker so I didn't sample anything but there seemed to be a good selection.
As others have said, it can be pricy depending on what you order.
I had a chicken sandwich and iced tea and my bill (incl tip) was just over $27.
Its not somewhere you'd go often but it definately has its place among eating establishments.

This place is very fun but loud!
You can buy a shot of Jager for a table guest and the must take the shot, then be spanked.
It is quite entertaining.
Don't go here if you are looking to talk to your table guest though!

I love this place.
I always have a good time here.
The food is very good.
Everyone I have brought here has raved about the food.
They have a live band playing German music.
The atmosphere is very similar to a Oktoberfest.
The house beer is very good too.
The cheesecake is the best I have ever had.
On this trip we started with a beer and jumbo complete pretzel.
Everyone loved it, even my girlfriend who does not care for breads.
The waiter was very friendly and talked with us for awhile answering all our stupid questions about Germany and it's culture.
Before the food was served the band played the chicken dance.
Unfortunately that night only my girlfriend and me joined the waiter to do the dance.
What is up with that?
I got the Allgauer Kasespatzle which is similar to mac and cheese.
My girlfriend ordered the Munchner Weisswurste and Richard ordered the sampler plate which had sausage, pork chop, pork tenderloin, and sauerkraut.
He shared the tenderloin and the review was that it is amazing.
For dessert we had the cheese cake and apple strudel.
I like to try and visit to place on every trip to Vegas.
The more people in the group the better.
The restaurant is in it's own building and parking is free and right next to the place.
There is a gift shop too.

This place is a must if you have never been!
Located diagonally across the street from the Hardrock this huge German dining hall is awesome.
Ive been here two times and I love the food.
the sausages are amazing!
Everything I've tried is really great.
They serve you beer in a half liter or a full liter.
You gotta go with the full liter!
There is usually a band playing German music and hosting periodic beer chugging competitions.
This place is one big party!
Great way to start a night and have dinner before you go out.
A meal and a beer will run you $30-40 so it's a little on the pricey side but its Vegas!, That's not too bad at all compared to some other places.

Great German food, portions are huge.
The beers are brewed on the premises noisy place, great environment to hang  out with friends.

This place was really fun!
All of the other reviewers are right, it is a bit expensive.
Good thing we decided to go for my birthday, which excuses the cost!
We spent $123 with tip but we got a 3 course meal; pretzel, 2 liter glasses of beer, the weinerschniztel plate (the only good one was the chicken sausage!
) and then the pork plate with mushroom sauce and spatzel (sp?).
We also got a dessert sampler with bread pudding, apricot strudel and the hot raspberries with vanilla ice cream.
The large beers are the equivalent of two pints, meaning even at $14.50 it's still better than the normal $8 per beer Vegas pricing.
The hefeweisen was really good; not as tasty as my normal Weihenstephaner, but still very good.
We ended up sitting in the mock "outdoor" beer garden since we didn't have a reservation.
It was still great!
It's so airy and open, if you don't look directly at the fake sky on the ceiling you could actually believe that you're outside in a place with nice weather (aka not Vegas!).
It's also a bit quieter than inside, but we didn't really care.
On our way out, they were doing a contest to see which out of 10 women could drink their beer the fastest, with the prize being a beer stein.
Of course, I didn't win but it was still very fun!
While we were there they also had a girl sitting on top of one of the horns while the guy was playing it...
hilarious!!
Overall, we will definitely go back... but this time with more than just the two of us and we'll make a reservation so we can sit in the beer hall!

I was expecting such an experience and while I can say I will never forget my lunch there, I also will never return.
Everything we had was incredibly heavy.
Doused in dressing and thick sauces, it all tasted so fattening and yet somehow, flavorless.
The pretzel was probably the best thing we ordered with a "cheese" and two mustards.
I put the cheese in parentheses because it tasted more like cream cheese than cheese.
We shared the curry wurst to start as well.
Long hot-dogs covered in a curry sort of ketchup.
I liked the flavor of the ketchup, but its all so heavy and greasy that it was hard for me to move beyond that.
The fries tasted like something that came out of a bad cafeteria.
The space is pretty impressive and feels like a college dining hall.
Long rectangular tables make great fun for large parties ready to embark on a German dining excursion.
The best part of the lunch was when our waitress with the board she used to bring us shot glasses paddled my friends.
They spank was so hard it echoed throughout the entire place.
Overall, this isn't really the type of experience I want when going to Vegas, so I probably won't return.
If you know someone who is found of German food and beer, bring them here and they will love you forever.
Bring someone who is on a diet and they will likely try to kill you before the meal is over...

So much fun!
So much to do and look @ and participate in.
So much....
So much!!!!
Hubby thought I should branch out and try something new.
We just weren't down for a BUUF FAT!
So we did.
We went to the house.
Boy - am I glad that we did.
It was such a treat.
We really enjoyed every bit.
The live band.
The spankings.
Oh yes - you read that right.
The SPANKINGS.
Old men, young men, women and children.
Waitresses come around with their paddle and a shot.
I'm guessing shots are optional for the wee ones.
It's as heavy as a buuf fat though.
Man.
I ordered a chicken sandwich and hubby got sausages and mashed potatoes.
Very large portions.
The appetizer pretzel we got was HUGE!
But oh so good.
We stood on tables and drank German beer.
It was such a good time.
We had a blast with just the two of us.
I can imagine the fun to be had by a large group.
Grab a good mood and run by this place for a GREAT mood!!

If you like this sort of thing go for it but anyone with kids who know the difference between kosher hotdogs and crap should avoid the children's menu hot dog!
SO disappointed at the lack of quality!
Two bites and it went right into the trash.
But the onion soup was edible.

Having been to the original one in Munich, I will preface that it cannot compare to the real one, but setting that aside, it does a very good job of trying to compare.
The beers are excellent and it is always great when they have the Dunkel Hefeweizen on tap.
The sausages and pretzels are done right, the spaetzel was pretty good too.
The ambiance in the hall is like a party with long tables and the band playing.
The back half is set up like a beer garden with a faux sky, much like the Venetian or Paris.
It was a lot quieter back there but we sat up front.
A fun place to hang out in Vegas!

As any Hofbrauhause establishment, prepare for good food and fun times!
I'm not sure what else to say about this place that hasn't been said aside from: - Prepare to say "Prost!
" with the string of your drink - Prepare to chicken dance between bites - Prepare to EAT a good-sized portion of food - Prepare to watch a stein-holding contest of participate in one if you dare.
When we were there, the winner held the stein for over 15 minutes, and then went onto the national competition.
If you win nationals, you go to Germany for the international competition.
Insane.
Fun.
Cool.
Go workout now.
Also appreciated the German giftshop they had near the front.

Definitely an entertaining experience.
The service was OK.
The beer was very good, but the food.... a bit disappointing.
Hofbruhaus Platte: salty... if you like it salty you would like it.
The potato dumplings and the red cabbage were horrible... tasteless for the dumplings and super sour for the red cabbage.
Apfelstrudel: the pastry was not cooked well..  Their cheesecake was amazing though...
Here it is: Go there for PORK & BEER ONLY.

The food and beer tasted good, but overpriced.
German street food at a premium.
The waitress steered us to more expensive choices, but not necessarily better choices.
It felt more like a rainforest cafe experience than the authentic Hofbrauhaus, which I visited several years ago.
Not a bad choice, but trust your instinct on the menu!
Cheers!

I have mixed feelings about the Hofbrauhaus.
It's a very social bar, but it's loud.
There is live music, and beer, and decent food.
However, the food is overpriced, and the beer is uninteresting for a craft beer geek like myself.
We went to celebrate the departure of a coworker.
I had a glass of dunkel, and a glass of the lager.
The dunkel just didn't have enough flavor for me.
I preferred the lager.
I also had a $15 poached sausage.
For two sausages and a pretzel, it just wasn't worth it.
Sure, the imported mustard was good, but not worth the price.
In fact, for 14 people, our total bill was $750.
I think next time we will try to go somewhere worth that kind of money to spend.
It is a fun place, that is for sure.
You can buy a shot of Jagger, and you'll get spanked along with it.
All things considered though, I would just rather go somewhere else to drink beer and have a good time with friends.

Went here with a bunch of guys as part of a bachelor party.
The beer was good and plentiful, the food was very good, typical German fare.
The atmosphere was fun and the guys all had a blast.
All of that said, it was not inexpensive.
Out the door we dropped abot $100 a head including alcohol and tip (of course there's always that one cheap assh*le who doesn't pitch in enough) but for several hours of entertainment and food I didn't think it was too crazy.
I think this is a fun place if you're with a group.
I don't think it be great if you're solo or a couple..you need a gang of folks to fill up a table and it seemed like most people had a table and pretty well stuck to themselves.

If this is real German give me ersatz.
First the rooms.
GIANT Echo Chambers!
It's if you whisper on one side of an empty room your buddy will hear you on the other acoustics.
Now add Lederhosen, oomph bands and frat boy drinkers (yes Jager Shots!
) and you have the jet plane decibels that are sure to damage your hearing.
The food seems real enough but in a tourist kind of way.
I'm sure there are bus loads scarfing the stuff up in Munich but I find it hard to believe that actual natives eat it.
This joint would not be on Tony Bourdain's itinerary if you get my drift.
Unless they use actual gold flakes the brew is obscenely overpriced.
Sure it's a little better than Elis Island but it's 8 Times more money!
3 of us had 3 entrees, two beers each and we split some microwaved strudel 3 ways for dessert.
$130 with tip!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AUF WIEDERSEHEN!
Did I mention the creepy attendant in the men's room?
Seriously hate that especially in a Beer Hall!

Forget about Oktoberfest, it's all about SPANKfest.
I have never been spanked so HARD before!
If you see a German girl with a paddle, you better RUN for your lives.
I was here for my friend's bachelor party and we had a blast.
The Hofbrauhaus reminds so much of my time in Munich.
You have people standing up on the benches swaying, chugging and singing German songs.
The music is arguably as much a part of the festival as the liquid gold itself.
The place is filled with happy, merry and drunken people.
Since we had a big party, we made reservation and were seated right away.
The food was very authentic.
I decide to go with the Hofbruhaus Wurstplatte, which came with 3 different types of sausages (Vienna Style Frankfuters, Pork and Chicken) with Sauerkraut and Mashed Potatoes.
The sausages were DELICIOUS but I was left still hungry.
I was able to fill my hunger with the 1 L of Hef beer.
It pretty much HIT the spot!
The service was EXCELLENT!
Our waitresses, dressed in traditional Bavarian clothing, carried ten 1-liter beer steins in their hands.
It's astounding how they can handle the weight.
I came in sober and left tipsy and violated.
What a night at the Hofbrauhaus!!

Was in Vegas for a week for work and this was by far my favorite dinner of the week.
The food was excellent, reminded me of the days of my youth when I lived in Deutchland for a few years.
The atmosphere was authentic German fest hall and the great beer just topped it all off.
The seating is communal around some large picnic tables.
We were sitting with a nice German family who were very nice but didn't sprecken sie English  Had the Currywurst for my dinner and it was super tasty.
The German family dining next to us was eating the schnitzel and it looked really good as well.
I had trouble making up my mind when it came time to order.
No such difficulty when it came time to order my beverage.
"I'll have a liter of Hefe bitte"  They also had a pretty good umpah band playing the night we were there, with all the authentic German beer fest tunes.
Sweet Caroline, Who the F is Alice and so on...    Would not hesitate to go back here the next time I find myself in Vegas.
If you sign up for their email news letter they will send you a coupon for a free beer!!
Prosit!

We went at 5pm on a Tuesday.
So I cannot speak to the later time of day or weekend dining experience.
Food was delicious and seemed authentic to me.
The red cabbage was like a sauerkraut made with red cabbage with some sugar and spice added.
Interestingly tasty.
Generous portions, friendly staff, great atmosphere.
I would love to go back.
They had a live polka-style band.
I was disappointed there was not a dance floor.
People in our party ordered sausages and a couple of the pork roast style dishes.
Everyone enjoyed the food.
One draw back was the seating along the side of the room, where we were seated.
The tables can fit up to 8+ people.
If you're a party of 4 they will seat another party on the other end of the table which is pushed up against the wall.
Which means if you're sitting on the outside you have to get up for the other diners or you have to wait for others to get out of your way if you're seated on the inside.
This is okay if you like the other people seated at your table.
But if you don't like their conversation or demeanor it could get unpleasant.
So I recommend making reservations as I got the impression this was "overflow" seating.
The rest of the seating areas had easy access to both ends of the table.
I didn't try the beer but the drinks menu also offered some interesting brandy and digestive choices.

The atmosphere, food, and service made for one of the most fun dinners I've ever had.
I loved every second I was here.
This is a great place to start  the night right and is a must see.
Make sure to get there before 10 pm if you plan on dining here because the dining area pretty much clears out after that.

Love this place.
Authentic German hall type dining, live Polka Band- great setting, fun atmosphere (not a quiet place).
I got the Jagerschnitzel which was perfectly cooked, spaetzle was dee-lish.
Now the beer- the Lager was great and the Dunkel?
(Dark Beer) was even better, and I am not even a dark beer person.
Order a shot and get spanked with a paddle, good times.
The beer, food and service could not have been better.
Can't really ask for more- This place rocks!

I can't say alot about it, because we didn't eat or drink there.
We just went in for a hot second to check it out.
It was loud, not what I expected at all.
Picknic style tables.
And I guess if you order this shot, you get your butt slapped with this paddle........ummmmmm, I think I will be going to jail if they hit me with that paddle!
I guess it's all in fun for the people that order it....but if they hit me.......it's on, and I will be asking my fellow yelpers to post to post my bond!
lol lol

yay I'm a fan of the place.
Service and the food were on the Subpar & Meh side respectively.
If you like sing-a-long bars mixed with shots, spanking, and beer this is your place!!!!
Closest to Irish Kevin's in Key West that I've found.
Our waitress was slower than a one man paper hanger.
I actually left the restaurant to go to the bar to get another drink, she sucked.
The meat in my dish was good, but the potatoes were undercooked, the celery was pretty much raw, and sadly the red cabbage had too much cinnamon or nutmeg in it for my taste.
The beer was great, once I got it.
The apple streusel dessert was on point though & so was the Sptzle.

Always Always a great time.
As I have noted in previous reviews (Der Biergarten in Atlanta)...........the States need more beer garden type places.
What better that Pork Products + Liters of Beer + Picnic Tables.
The ladies who go around and spank people are another added bonus.
A riot..always fun to sing along with the band.

End of September is the start of Oktoberfest and it is only right to stop by Las Vegas' most popular Bavarian eatery.
The large communal dining area are filled with tables and benches.
Unless you come with a large party, there is a chance that you will sit next to random strangers.
This style of dining has seriously caught my interest as of late because I am always interested in other patrons thought on menu items.
The waitresses are all dressed up in country style outfits.
Looking around, they reminded me of a more natural attractive look than places on the strip.
Our waitress was pushy in a playful way and quick to guide us to some of their most popular dishes.
The beers and food are on the pricey side.
They highly rely on their touristy appeal.
With the prices comes a relatively large portion as well.
We started with two half liters of the Oktoberfest beer and their signature soft pretzel with a sweet mustard, spicy mustard, and a cheese spread made from cream cheese and brie.
This was magnificent.
At first, I was hesitant because the size of our neighbors pretzel was huge.
I did not want to load up on unnecessary carbs, but once it hit our table, it stood no chance.
Once the doughy treat was devoured, we ordered the three pork sausages served with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.
The warm pickled cabbage was good, but the mash had very little flavor besides cream.
The pork sausages were mild and tender.
I am normally not a fan of this cuisine because it is on the heavy side.
Splitting an appetizer and an entree was enough for two of us.
There was no real big complaints about the experience, but it was just ok.

Came here with a large group of people again because it was pre-arranged, dinner was from their prix fix menu.
I really didn't like the food much, nor my riesling, tasted like water... Now you wonder why I still give this place a 4 star (as opposed to @#%#@$)?
Other than the food, this place was so much fun!
There was so much going on, singing, activities, beer holding, butt spanking by the hot waitresses.... LOL!
By the time we were leaving, the people that were sitting where the stage was all stood on their tables and benches - DANCING and SINGING!
It's a super fun place if you enjoy beer in a casual environment.
I would come here again but only for the fun, not for the food.

This restaurant and beer hall is probably one of the most authentic German establishments I have visited in the U.S.  Great atmosphere, great food, and great beer as well.
The Oktoberfest brew was right on par with great German beer.
I hope you don't mind sitting, eating, and drinking next to complete strangers, because that's exactly what you'll be doing!
It's a lot of fun though and I enjoyed getting my fellow diner's perspectives.
The dishes on the menu are typical of those you would find in Southern Germany, with lots of sausage and pork.
I had the Reisenbratwurst with fries and a cup of potato soup.
I would very gladly go back several times just to try out some of the other items on the menu.

So fun!!
Love the main hall and all the communal chatter.
We met such interesting people!
Lots of oompa music and raising of mugs.
I had a great time and I'm not a beer drinker.

My wife and I went to the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich Germany and although it's not exactly the same, it's very close!
I've been to the one in Vegas twice and both times it was a good time and the food was great.
Go there with a group of friends and sit near the front of the restaurant on the long wooden tables or if it's just you and someone else there is a quieter more charming back room.
Enjoy!

Fun atmosphere, great Beer, live music.
We had a great time with my in-laws here.
Get the giant pretzel appetizer, the biggest beer, a dish with sauerkraut,  and sit back people watch and have great conversations in the beer hall.

This place is dece.

Great food , live music.
Lots of fun

Fun for all and mostly going there with friends!
Good beer and lots german activity!

We got the (secret item) sausage plate for two, 2 mini beers which we had coupons for, 1 big beer and their cheesecake.
It wasn't screaming Vegas to me but it was nice to see a little Munich.
I found it super cute to see how they tried really hard to mimic Munich's Hofbrauhaus beer garden.
They had a smaller version of the fountain and 2nd story seating and painted clouds.
I almost shed a tear.
AWWW.

The beer, kraut, and sausages are all legit.
Their potato salad was tasty.
I'd definitely like to go back there with a large group and get rowdy.

This place is always great!
Beer is excellent, and comes by the liter or half liter, there is good entertainment and contests!

I never realized how popular this place was until I came here with about 20 friends during a bachelor party.
The place was packed and rocking on a Saturday night.
We were seated in the main hall where there was music, singing, beer contests, and other events that made the night quite eventful.
We had the Jager girl come by a few time to give the bachelor a few shots and a few slaps with the paddle.
The beer and food were flowing for our group and this is definitely a place to drink a lot of beer in large steins, sing random songs, and meet random people.

An oasis of authenticity in a city full of sleaze.
Check out what's seasonal at the moment.
This is the real deal.

The food is pretty good German food, and The Beer is Hofbrau so it's great.
The staff is good and the experience with the live German bands always makes for a good time.
Just dont order a shot of Jager from the Jager girl or she'll paddle you as hard as she can, happenned to me and I bought the t-shirt.
Make sure you bring your drinking shoes.

We had a 40th birthday here on Oct 29.
It seemed ok until the no brainer waiters and waitresses cleaned up out memory card away from the table!!
All the pictures that we had for that special day were gone in a second.
No ones seemed understand how important that event were.
The waitresses ignored to response when we asked to find the memory card.
We had worst experience birthday party there.
We should have gone to some other places that show professionally!
20 of us were so disappointed!!
It turned out really BAD!
The food were salty and poorly!!
Not worth any penny.
We WILL NOT recommend this place to anyone in our network to go there  again!
This place WILL NOT goes far....

This place is awesome if you go with a large group and drink loads of beer together, but the food is a real hit or miss.
The music makes the drinking all the more enjoyable.

TUBAS AND BEER!
Been here quite a few times in my adult life and love every minute of it.
Went recently for the Oktoberfest celebration...what a hoot!
I have been to Europe but never to Germany so I can't give one of those reviews on how authentic this place is.
The BEER OH the BEER!
First of all, if you order anything less than 1 liter then you don't belong at the Hofbrauhaus.
Depending on the type of beer each liter runs around $17.
Sure it's pricey but you really are paying for the atmosphere and entertainment.
The whole place is lined with long tables/benches which help create the ambiance of a German beer house.
A German band complete with tuba normally plays and encourages more drinking.
My favorite is when they come around with the tuba and you must hurl your change into it's opening.
So much fun with a beer in hand.
The band plays traditional German music as well as the occasional cover song.
Journey's "Don't Stop Believing" with tuba backup= Amazing!
You can volunteer (or a friend can volunteer you) to have your booty paddled by one of the many waitresses.
I saw an old man get paddled the other night and thought he may have a heart attack.
But he survived!!
The food is pretty descent but is pricey at about $18-$20/dish.
I've ordered the traditional wienerschnitzel which is battered pork fried to crispy perfection.
I normally don't get a full meal here since my friends and I mainly come here to drink.
You can order a large pretzel with assorted mustards and cheese for less than 10 bucks.
Also the fries with the cheese are a good beer-soaking snack.
All in all the Hofbrauhaus is a fun place to celebrate birthdays, bachelor parties, and I even saw a group celebrating their 40th high school reunion.
Also it's just fun to drink and be belligerent where it is encouraged!

Service:  Maybe our waitress had an off night or a tough crowd, but unfortunately her attitude/service was not all there.
Food:  I never experience German food before so I had no expectations.
The food was bland, small and pricey for what they served IMO.
Drinks:  The beer was not bad, as this is a drinking place.
Ambiance:  Visiting this place does have a good ambiance with ok decor.
Overall:  I would not come back to this place as there are many other bars to go to in Vegas.
This was one of those "hey lets check it out" type of thing.

Been there many times.
Great food.
I love their Friday lunch special: Fried cod and their German potato salad is the best potato salad I have ever had.
The waitress's are fast and friendly.

Great atmosphere, great beer, average food!
Went here with a large group and had a blast.
The huge beers were a big hit with the group (Bunch of Germans).
As was the spankings!
LOL!
I personally enjoyed the dunkel but, to each their own taste when it comes to beer.
The staff was attractive, attentive and personable.
The band, while kind of cheesy, was fun and enjoyable.
The food, not bad, typical American German beer garden fare.
Couldn't tell you exactly what it was that we ate as it was already ordered for the group but, we had the pretzels (Damn good), a sliced meat plate (ehh) a sausage plate (so so, some of them looked like hot dogs) and the struesel (too many beers to remember how it tasted).
All in all a good time and I would recomend anyone to give it a shot.

Went here with a large group after a wedding ... and thought it was just "meh".
Like others have said, its pretty tight in the front of the restaurant and once you get into your bench seat, you're pretty stuck.
The food was edible.
The drinks were good.
(only 3 types of beer)  And the spankings - you couldn't pay me to get one of those.
Those girls who give the spankings must love their job and wow, they seriously spank.
OUCH!
Perhaps we were there too early (from 5-7pm) because it didn't seem like the party was going on yet.

Crazy,Loud, Rowdy, Fun place!
Food is gross and expensive, but the soft pretzel is good.
I dare you to do a shot!
We danced on the tables and sang with the band.
Everyone is wasted by the end of the night........
Hilarious!

HOFBRAUHAUS!!!
Yell it like Schwarzenegger running into a copter.
We rolled up in a huge limo with a fireplace for $40 bucks.
Entered into a huge hall of loud, piping polka music and more 1L beer mugs than I imagined heaven would have.
Bought Jager shots from the lady with the paddle.
Got spanked by the lady with the paddle.
Ate sausages.
Drank beer.
Got randomly pulled into a beer holding contest that I thought was a beer DRINKING contest.
Only in Vegas.

Great for big groups!
The food is well massively produced, somewhat bland, but try the 3 tier taster.
It has different sausages.
But mainly go for the beer!

The food and beer are great.
Every time I visit Vegas I have to stop by and have my favorite dishes and a beer.
I usually have the jagerschnitzel it's one of my favorites.
I've been to the one in Munich also and it's just like being there.

Is there better pre-going-out food than sausage, spaetzle, mashed potatoes and sweet cabbage?
The answer, young padawan...is no.
No, there is not.
I visited HBLV post-Ghost Bar Day Club and pre-heading out for the night.
Best decision of our trip.
Definitely recommend the veal bratwurst and cabbage plate (Majoram Plate).
Beer was tasty, cold, and large and we were able to purchase a paddling along with a shot for the gentlemen in our group, which was definitely entertaining.
Fun, unpretentious atmosphere and super tasty eats.
Ideal if you're staying at the Hard Rock, as it's right across the street.

Extremely over priced.
2 bratwurst and a pretzel dinner meal for $14.
Pretzel was cold and bratwurst was bland.
Nothing special.
Service was a 3 out of 5.
This is a place that you visit only once just for the experience.

The Schnitzelmann hates what he must do here because he really believes in supporting unique places, especially one of only two authentic German restaurants in town.
But if he is honest, 2 stars is about what the place is worth after deductions for the following:  One star must be deducted because of the exaggerated prices, which have risen regularly since the restaurant opened.
Authentic ethnic cuisine can be had - even imported items - for lower prices than this at other off-Strip restaurants.
The Schnitzelmann suspects that the Hofbruhaus is mercilessly targeting one-time tourists, ignoring locals and practicing monopoly-driven price inflation such that if in Germany, the Bundesbank would immediately intervene.
Another star must be deducted for the noise level, particularly evenings.
The Schnitzelmann has been to the original Hofbruhaus in Mnchen and can verify the music in Las Vegas is authentic, but significantly louder than in the Old Country.
It is near-impossible to have any sort of dinner conversation with bands imported from Deutschland playing "Hang on Sloopy," "Country Roads" and other obscure hits amplified to ensure maximum volume.
A final star must be deducted for the service.
The Schnitzelmann has known several of the waitresses personally and agrees they are of the finest personality away from the restaurant.
Inside, though, the management seems to dictate that most wait staff push the more expensive items, rush customers out the door if they have not bought food or drink within a given amount of time, and be somewhat inflexible as regards splitting the bill.
Always?
No.
But too regularly to ignore.
So we are left with two stars.
One is for the high-quality food- all the items that can be are imported from Germany, including the fine beers on tap, and the Schnitzelmann has never had a bad schnitzel, wurst plate or even salad here.
The two potato salads on offer are also quite good and the Kaiserschmarrn dessert is made just as in Mad King Ludwig of Bavaria's day.
One star is granted for the party-hearty atmosphere.
The Schnitzelmann celebrated his bachelor party here and the long benches and tables and free-flowing beer made it easy to make new friends and revel in the waitresses spanking customers who request it.
The same atmosphere (minus spankings) can be had during World Cup and European Cup Fussball matches, which are televised live and to which many knowledgeable and enthusiastic German fans come.
But as regularly as Schnitzelmann comes here, there is always a sense afterwards he could have spent his time and money better elsewhere and that were he not such a fan of German culture and were there other German places in town, he would be at the Hofbruhaus considerably less often.

A new favorite spot in Vegas!
Super fun atmosphere combined with excellent beer & food.
We met 3 German tourists while there, despite their broken English, we determined that everything is authentic.
Will be back for sure.

I love this place- the German beer and the pretzels.
Especially the pretzels- one of the tastiest pretzels I have ever had.
There was a large group of us- all very drunk as part of a bachelor party.
The waitstaff was patent with us, as Vegas is all about drunken douchebags causing problems.
Eventually, after several Nazi jokes and broken steins, we got kicked out.
What was painful was that we got some glass in the food of the table next to us, and they stuck us with part of their bill....

This is one of my favorite restaurants ANYWHERE.
So good.
So fun.

Expensive.
Ok I don't know a real brat if it fell and hit me on the head, but $15 for three brats, some sauerkraut and mash?
Great atmosphere, beer looked awesome but I'm not spending $30 with tip for a beer and German hot dogs.

Blah.
The one in Newport is so much better.
My waitress might have possibly tried to mislead me on pricing on purpose.
I complained and got my way though.
She was rather " abrasive " and fake.
These prices are insane btw...
Especially for being off of the strip.
Good beer though, as always.

My friend and I ate here before going to see the magician Jan Rouven.
What a great, German-themed evening!
This was our first visit to Hofbrauhaus and were instantly impressed by the design of the building.
We recently visited Germany and it reminded us of some of the towns we visited.
Our waitress, Michelle, was super friendly and helpful.
She was actually from Germany and we talked about some of the places we visited.
The food was great and there is a large selection.
Definitely try the kasespatzle, which was one of my favorite dishes in Germany and they do a great job with it at Hofbrauhaus.
Tip...the Hofbrauhaus website will give you a coupon for a free beer if you sign-up for their newsletter.

Best time ever.
4.5 hours of beer drinking goodness.
I would come here every time I go to Vegas.
100% good for big groups!

I'll be honest, this review may be a bit fuzzy as it's the only way to truly appreciate the Hofbrauhaus experience.
Depending on who you're with and what kind of party you're looking for.. starting with a "boot" might not be the best idea but it is definitely a bonding experience (insert fun drinking game here).
The Hofbru Dunkel is my favorite beer.. and I like the Jumbo Complete (Giant Pretzel w/ cheese and mustard) to snack on while i pretend I'm German for a few hours.
The band is corny but fun - have at it!

Nice crowd and a fun time if you don't take yourself too seriously.
Beer is very good.
Food is very good.
Schnitzel and sausage are both well executed.
Sides (spetzle, potato salad, red beet salad, cucumber salad) shine especially brightly.
Delicious.
Service is with a cheeky smile.
Gift shop is kitchy fun.
Apparently there is some way that you can convince the waitresses to hit you on the backside with a wooden paddle.
It's apparently a traditional thing.
Hilarity ensues.

I'm not quite sure how to rate this.
In Germany this food would be 2 star food at best.
Add on another star for the live music.
IF you've never been to the real one, this is 4 or 5 stars.

Neat place in Vegas away from all the casinos for some good beer and German food....

I"m still a fan!
Went last Saturday night.
Definitely not as crowded as it is during Oktoberfest.
But the beer was still good and the food was very tasty!
Great sing along place if you want to chill, laugh, and drink a beer.
It's caddy corner to the Hardrock Hotel .

I am so torn...I really want to like this place.
The beer is good, not too expensive either.
The atmosphere is festive but tries too hard, in my humble opinion.
The service was good.
The food....that's where they lose me.
I won't travel off the strip unless the place offers 1. great service 2. good drinks 3. good food and 4. a good atmosphere.
This place misses the mark on the food and the other three things aren't enough to compensate.

I have been several times to the original in Munich.
Also been to the one in Milwaukee and Newport, KY.
So I had a pretty good idea how this should be.
It was good.
The beer was excellent, so was the weisswurst, pretzels and apfel strudel.
The house band was good and made up of real Germans.
Expensive.
Yes its Vegas so I expected it.
The "mas" or liter mugs of beer are like $15 each.
I know it holds three beers but it took no time at all to spend $50 on beer before we even ate.
If you order a shot here, a waitress swats your butt with a big paddle.
Its some tradition they spoke about but I have to say I have never seen that happen at the Hofbrau in Munich.

For a place where people are chugging beer, standing on tables, and getting spanked with wood paddles, it sure is well-lit!
Having been to the Hofbrauhaus in Munich, and Chicago, I was expecting a raucous time with lots of singing and beer.
This is exactly what I got when I walked into the Las Vegas location.
Come here for the beer and the ambience.
This is the type of place where it's almost guaranteed you'll be singing "Sweet Caroline,"  at some point in the night; Is there anything else you need for a great time?
BAH-BAH-BAAAH!!!
(Go ahead and belt out the chorus real quick, it can't hurt)  The beer is good, you can drink out of a glass boot, you can get a shot of Jagr (which is punishment enough) followed by a "Dazed and Confused-esque" paddling.
These waitresses don't mess around either, you can hear the slaps of wood on clothed butt cheeks echo through out the hall.
I would recommend avoiding the food, as it's a bit on the pricey side (the pretzels are great though) and coming here to socialize, enjoy some beer, and good music played by the band.
It does get loud, but if you're looking for a quiet place to drink beer and sing, check out the reference section of the library.

I lived in Germany for 6 years, and I love my German food.
I know the owners put a lot of effort into the place, but I just can't dig it.
Hofbrauhaus Vegas is a great place to celebrate a birthday raucously.
The Jaeger girls will gladly spank birthday boys, and the band usually makes the bachelorettes and birthday girls enjoy a special Alpenhorn (the things from the Ricola commercials) concert up close and personal.
If you're up for fun and things that are supposed to be slightly embarrassing, this is the place.
Just don't expect to have a conversation - the place echoes like the dickens.
The interior is a good replica of the original, but without the spurs of years of smoke and habitation.
There walls are a warm color, and there's German-style painting near and on the ceiling.
The stage plays host to German bands on the weekends.
It's not unusual to see a few German couples dancing the Disco Fox to "Living Next Door to Alice" or "Ein Bett im Kornfeld.
" The band plays a mix of German and English pop, so don't be scared off by a few German titles.
The "beer garden" area doesn't echo as much, and it's a much more relaxed atmosphere.
It's not actually outside, though, which is slightly disappointing.
Usually, the food is excellent, but at my most recent meal, the red cabbage, my favorite German food, was spicy, as if someone had added Siracha.
I couldn't even eat it.
Sad panda!
The potato pancakes with salmon were excellent, and the salmon was fresh and sushi-quality.
There's valet parking, but most folks usually park across the street at Walgreens.
Between the parking, the noise, and now the spicy red cabbage, I'd recommend other places.

Robin leach tapping a keg, fun and tasty chow

I think I wrote a review a few years ago when we dined here, but here it goes again.
Once again, it's terrible as far as noise goes, the high ceiling with it's concaved domes seem to amplify conversations by 90%.
The place was less than 1/4 full and the wall of noise is deafening.
They are even piping in muzak of some kind when the Ommp pa pa music isn't playing.
The food is good, but kind of overpriced for what it is.
Seems dinner entress are about $19.95 a plate.
The genuine beer from Munich is really a treat, but I can't even tell my wife I like the beer without having to yell!
Maybe I can text a conversation with her the next time I dine there?

As long as I have lived in Las Vegas I had never dined at Hofbrauhaus.
Very glad to say I have finally done so and look forward to going back again!
Have plenty of friends who rave about it and it lived up to my expectations.
Service was great, staff were friendly and helpful.
Food was great.
I along with a few friends ordered #365.
They always order that and after checking the menu I decided to give it a try.
Loved it.
This is not for a quiet dinner.
If that is what you were looking for then you chose wrong and it's not their fault.
That's like saying you go to Oktoberfest to read books and relax.
No, you go to have fun and drink.
That is what Hofbrauhaus provides.
A fun place for drinking and good German food.
Very simple formula and since it's been here for quite a few years now, they must be doing it right.
Look forward to going back again soon!

I would say that the food here is just ok...a lot of it seems like it is pre-made.
Most people come here for the Hofbrau Hefe-Weitzen on tap which cannot be found many places in the United States.
I really like the fact that they have a beer hall (very loud) and a beer garden (more quiet)

Big portions of German beer hall type foods - wursts, snitzels, and lots and lots of beer.
Buy a shot and get a free paddling!
Loud community type dining hall.
Good place to have fun if you get drunk.

Absolutely delicious beer, the lager and dunkel were both perfect.
Food was extremely delicious.
Shots of jger will earn you a spanking from the paddle so be weary.

SPECTACULAR!
HB is quite possibly the most fun you can have in LV with your clothes on.
The chicken schnitzel sammich is one of the best chicken sammiches you'll ever have!
The beers are fresh, cold, and authentic.
The waitresses wear traditional Bavarian garb.
(Test your willpower: look them in the eyes.
)   The oompah band is excellent -- even if they won't play "Freeburd.
" The audience participation and contests are a hoot!
The HB us exceptionally clean.
The ceiling is a painted with Bavarian art.
The Jaegermeister lady is delightful, even if she carries a BIG paddle.
The only detractor is that it's a little loud.
Michelle -- what a great waitress!
Nevada is an open carry state: Jaegermeister in a holster and paddles in aprons.

I went there last weekend on my way to the airport.
I had the best time here on that  Sunday afternoon.
The entertainment was fun and Ute was the best!
Next time I go to Vegas this will be my first stop for sure!

So the Jgerschnitzel I had was ok but nothing spectacular, now the sptzle, again weren't that impressive either.
So the price/quality ratio was poor at best.
I paid $40 for the Schnitzel with Sptzle, a soda and a piece of black forest cake.
So the place is certainly way overpriced for the quality of food that they provide.
I've had much better German food in the U.S.
The only positive really was that the black forest cake was unbelievable, yet expensive as everything else.
Being German and expecting good and authentic German food, I left disappointed.

The food and beer all taste OK.
Nothing mindblasting.
About 3 stars.
Why did I give it an additional 2 stars?
The entertainment!
It's a cool place to bring out of town guests and have a blast.
It's also a cool place to bring your significant other if they've been bad.
Trick them into thinking they can have all this beer and once they are woozy you can trick them into getting a Yager shot/Paddle spanking!
Haha, it was hilarious watching all these men getting paddled by the waitresses.
There was yelping left and right and some guys even went for seconds!
We convinced our guys to get a group spanking and one of them still had an imprint the next day!
Haha awesome!

I have been in Vegas 22 years and have never eaten here....wow....LOVED IT!
The meet melted in my mouth, everything was fabulous!!
The shot girl gives spankings....hilarious!
Excellent service, excellent food, was not super expensive....just all around super duper great!!!!!
I will def go there again, will recommend to friends and strangers!!!

HB earned 4 stars for their fun and laid-back atmosphere.
This is a great place to drink some beer, get rowdy, and re-visit your college partying days.
As for the food, I would give them 3 stars.
HB does have an extremely vast variety of different sausages and brats, however I like my brats to have a char on the outside for some crunch.
Even though I asked for my sausages to be grilled... there were no grill marks to be seen, and the outside didn't have any hint of a crust.
Another huge flaw in my book is that their pretzels weren't warm!
Cold pretzels are hard and chewy!
If they had just toasted them a bit, it would have made a world of difference.
However, I feel overall that this is a great fun place to hang out with friends and drink a belly-bursting amount of beer.
But foodwise, HB fell a little short for me.

The atmosphere here is awesome!
Now don't expect a fine dining experience.
You can expect full liters of beer, delicious wieners, German music, and a whole lotta lederhosen.
This review may be a little bias due to me deep love for all things German.
If you like German food and happen to be in Vegas stop by the Hofbrauhaus!

The "Hof" ( we are going to call it that because Hofbrauhaus is way to hard to say and spell) is located in Las Vegas, Nevada across from the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino off from Harmon Avenue.
Its a German Ale House with a great Bavarian menu.
The Hof has family style seating which basically means bring your Family or if you don't have a family to bring, prepare to be introduced to a replacement family for your meal.
As luck would have it, Simone and I went for lunch around 2:00pm and the place was almost empty so we didn't have to worry about being social with the sin city natives.
After much analyzing of the menu we decided to start with the "Obatzer" appetizer.
Lucky for my waitress she didn't have to worry about my total butchering of the German language as there were numbers that went along with each menu item for ease of translation.
The "Obtazer" is a hand made warm German pretzel served with a Brie Cheese and Buttered Onion Dip.
The dip was rich and creamy and totally went with the pretzel.
There was dip left over after the pretzel was gone so the wife and I very elegantly stuck the rest on top of our knives and proceeded to stick it down our throats.
Although the choking seemed to be distracting to the other guests we definitely enjoyed our appetizer down to the last knife full.
For the entrees Simone ordered the "Allgaur Kasespatzle".
It was a German style Mac and Cheese made with mini German Spaetzle dumplings, Swiss, Brie, and again, those luscious buttered onions.
It was creamy and rich with just the right amount of onion flavor.
Although Simone could not finish it, due to the earlier appetizer gluttony, i gladly helped her out.
For my own entree i choose the "Nurnberger Rostbratwurst".
The dish consisted of 3 grilled Bratwurst resting on a bed of fresh sauerkraut and mashed potatoes with a beer gravy.
The flavors went together perfectly and complimented each other well.
The Potatoes were creamy with a hint of Garlic , the brats were seasoned perfectly, and the sauerkraut was just sour enough but didn't overpower the dish.
I completely cleaned the plate and also finished off my side of fluffy spaetzle drizzled in butter and parsley.
My only regret about this meal is I had no more room in the stomach for German beer or dessert.
I will definitely try some when I come back during my next Vegas Visit.
This was excellent food in a great and fun setting off from the Vegas Strip.

Super lunch, jaegerschnitzel and spatzle was wunderbar!
In fact , alles ist wunderbar, bitte kommen Sie und genieen Sie die schnen Mdchen und Kellnerinnen.
Um-pa-pa um-pa-pa!

Love, love, love this place!
Perfect for groups!
I bring participants here after seminars.

My friends and I came here on 3/12/12 for dinner and drinks!
As we were walking up to the place I heard live music, so I already knew it was going to be a good time.
It's a huge white building with lit blue neon lights when it's dinner time.
Once we got in I noticed a full bar and gift shop.
We were seated quickly in what was like a Hogwarts type dinning hall, at least in my buzzed opinion.
The ceilings are high and the tables and chairs are made of pure wood.
They also have a stage set up for the music!
Straight up Yelp, I had a 5 star time with 3 star food.
The night we came there was a great crowd.
The place was jamming, food was being served every minute, and people were taking shots of Jgermeister before getting spanked with a wooden paddle, hard.
Before we ordered our food we started with a 2 Liter boot of Hefeweizen each.
These were pretty fun and definitely pack a punch.
I can't remember exactly what my meal was called but it was 2 grilled veal sausages, a little lettuce, tomato, onion, and a pretzel with dipping sauce.
The sausages were good but just didn't taste or look grilled.
My pretzel could have been a bit warmer as well.
The food was not horrible, just missing something.
I had a great time here.
I will be back for another boot and to try more items off the menu.

I came here after going to another bar for dinner.
It was so much fun!
They had this band that was playing great songs (Sweet Caroline was the first one they played when I got in there...THAT is fun to sing with a giant beer glass in hand...swinging it above your head).
They had a two story horn, similar to the Ricolla commercials, that they blew after hoisting it toward the ceiling.
There is a woman that walks around with test tubes and a bottle of Jaeger.
Should you buy a shot from this well-muscled woman, she makes you stand, with your hands on the end of the table, whilst she paddles you.
She does not hold back.
Apparently, in my highly inebriated state, I did not think she was hitting me hard enough, and asked her to paddle me and hard as she did the boys.
MAN did that sucker hurt!
SO much fun, though!
Also in my highly inebriated state, I convinced myself that I am fully bilingual and talked to a German man in, what I thought was, perfect Spanish.
Also, while swinging my giant beer mug where I thought was over my head, I smacked it into my tooth and it chipped.
I didn't fully remember this until the next morning when I found the chip.
This is besides the point, but pretty amusing to my bar-mates and I.
The food...I had some kind of cheese vegetarian thing.
I can't remember even vaguely was it was called, but it was so, so delicious, with shoe string onions on it!
Everyone in my party really liked their food.

If you are looking for a "quite" or romantic dinner, Hofbrauhaus is definitely not the right spot for you.
The food is not the main reason to drag anyone to the restaurant either.
However, Bavaria is not known for its culinary.
Don't get me wrong, the place is a unique experience: Loud music, Good beer and - if u are lucky, like I was - there will be a few groups of germans standing on the tables while singing and dancing and  you could also share one of the big tables with friendly, talkative bavarian folks.
When it comes to the food: try the brats.
The variety is not vast, but they are tasty and a good side of Germany.
And the pretzels worth the try too.
Don't forget the mustard and the obazda sauce.
The service is not the strongest point: it took over 10 minutes to be greeted by anyone, another 10 minutes to get our beer and about half and hour to get the food.
The wait wasn't bothering me much while my 1 liter beer was full and I was enjoining the music and the german bachelor party group next table, but then a sad thing happen: no one asked to refill our beers for the next hour, and when the server did, it took a while to come.
Don't get scared when the bill comes.
Just the pretzel itself is about $ 12, the beer $ 15... so... expect to spend from $50-$100 a person.
FINAL SCORE:  FOOD: 3 stars SERVICE: 3 stars  AMBIENCE: 5 star

You really have to be in the mood for this place.
And if you are in the mood, be prepared to face a monster bill.
I've been here 4 times, and every time the main hall has been super noisy.
Partly because of the band and partly because of the general rowdiness.
The beer garden is much more subdued, but kind of defeats the point.
Usually I only come here for going away parties or because out of towners want to celebrate all that is Vegas.
In my experience, the servers really push the large beers and shots, with spankings, which are about $7 a piece.
Let me explain.
A shot girl, or your server if you prefer, will bring you a shot of apple schnapps or Jager on a paddle.
You drink the shot and then they hit you in the ass with the paddle a few times.
It's actually more organized than you would think.
The servers have always been meticulous about how the "patron" bends over to take their spanking, arm position, no wallets, etc.
So, if the person is drunk, it takes a good five minutes to get them in the right position to get them spanked.
Usually about three spankings are given, but I've seen them do more if they don't think they hit you hard enough.
If everyone is in a fun-loving and/or abusive mood, then the spankings will add up (and the tips given to the spankers) pretty quickly.
Lots of songs, lots of singing, lots of stein holding contests and beer chugging contests.
Things can get ugly fast.
The restrooms are small, which seems incompatible with the excessive alcohol consumption encouraged, but I haven't seen any mishaps either.
Food is ok.  We usually get the giant pretzels with cheese whiz.
Nothing special.
Gratuity is always added onto the bill.
It's pretty obvious on the bill and the servers have always let us know, but that's something to remember in case your party is too drunk to listen or read.
Only go here if you are in a good mood and ready to have a good time.
Poopy pants will ruin it for everyone.

Food was quite good, nice sausages, killer potato soup (definitely order this if you're looking for a good meal, the potato soup alone is worth schlepping over from the strip to this place).
Nice waitstaff, but 'service' is abnormally slow, even at off-peak hours.
We watched one waitress flirt nearly continuously with a single table of patrons, as two other waitresses managed multiple tables (one appeared to have a majority of them and was doing the best she could while the other two were focused on some tables with heavy, heavy drinking going on).
Basically it looked like the more you drink, the more attention you'll get from the waitstaff.
Which I suppose makes sense, as that's where they're going to make most of their money as the booze aint cheap.
Noisy as well.
I've also been one previous time and have seen the house band.
If you want a (relatively) quiet dinner while they're playing, you'll need to go to the beer garden.
If you want to get rip roaringly drunk and don't care about making an &ss out of yourself in public, then go for the main room and try to get there when the band is playing.
Their schedule is on the website.

We absolutely love Hofbrauhaus, and always make it a point to swing by here whenever we're in vegas.
Nothing beats a cold stein of Dnkelweis and a plate of Jagerschnitzel acoompanied by live German bands and 30 foot horns!

The iconic Hofbrahaus is well known to any long time vegas resident.
It's that beautiful white building on the corner of paradise and harmon.
For those of you who haven't been there, let me tell you what to expect.
It's beautiful on the inside as well-- designed to look like a real german (or Austrian?
) beer house.
There are large painted pillars abound and a blissfully peaceful looking beer garden in the back.
The waitresses all wear authentic german garb and the gift shop offers large glass steins for sale.
First off, let me tell you that the food is not fantastic.
Even if you are a bratwurst fan, I don't think you'll be blown away by the cuisine-- but i suppose that depends on your tastes.
I'm not impressed with their pretzel or any of their chicken dishes either.
It's not terrible but it just isn't that great.
Of course, you don't really come to this place for the food.
Then there is the service, which again, isn't really that great.
The waitresses are a step up above the ones who work at Hooters but not quite as competent as those working at your local family style chain restaurant.
They tend to be painfully slow and often mix up orders when bringing them back to the table.
And of course, the actual beer.
It's good quality brew but it doesn't really impress me either.
I've had their lager, dark ale, and hefeweizen.
I'm begrudged to admit that their hefeweizen is hardly better than the Widmer you can buy at your local Albertsons or Wal-Mart.
But you could argue that you really don't come here for the beer either-- you're here for the package it comes in.
This is one of the most fun environments for a moderate to large group that you can find in Vegas.
The live band plays plenty of recognizable tunes for singing along with,  the birthday boy/girl is encouraged to drink from Das Boot (ala Beer Fest), the drinking games on stage are tons of fun and of course, there is MC Johannes.
Johannes may well be the funniest man of german descent ever to grace to earth.
His crude sense of humor tends to play better with the male dominated audience but I'm sure the ladies appreciate him as well.
His comedy is mostly off the cuff, as can be observed by the way he interacts with the various patrons.
Anytime a member of your partner is interacting with Johannes, you can expect to find yourself bursting out in laughter.
The bill unforunately, is not so funny.
You'll find that their food is overpriced and their beer isn't really that affordable either.
Still, the birthday boy/girl will be overjoyed that you treated them to this place so it ultimately is worth it.
Come here for the beer, stay for the atmosphere.

Love, love, love this place!
Such a great atomsphere and the food is really good as well!
Don't forget to buy a jager shot and get spanked.
Really great place to go to with friends.

Comes for the beer and stay for the...beer!
Okay, this is a fun place to come to and be rowdy.
The vibe is lively and fun and the entertainers do a good job engaging the patrons.
It is definitely not a quiet dinner and conversation type of place, so don't come here expecting to really carry on any deep and meaningful conversations.
The strength lies in the beer and the experience.
The food is really marginal at best and the prices are at about $20 a plate.
I probably won't have food when I go back, but will indulge in a liter stein of beer..or four!

Pretty expensive, and if you like to drink a lot, you're going to drop some serious coin.
But all in all not a bad place to get away from the strip for a bit.
The amount of fun you have at this place will probably be directly correlated with how many people you are with.

If you are staying on the strip, it's kind of a pain to come out here.
We took a cab on a Saturday afternoon and I was expecting it to be very lively but it was very mild.
It was half filled and no one seemed to be in the spirit.
Mainly couples and some groups of guys.
The beer was so good though.
The food was so rich nobody in our party felt good after wards.
I honestly would have just been happy splitting one of their delicious pretzels.

First German food I had.
The jger schizel was good and service was fast.
I think I would go back the pretzel looked good.

Great place for large groups.
Food was really good.
Beer was great.
Great overall experience.
Just don't get paddled!

How can you go wrong with beer, live music, German food, and good friends?!?!?
You simply can't!
Make reservations and bring your friends to this joint!
It's a must!
I've been to Germany and this brought me back to my trip.
It was such a lively atmosphere!
The food is yum and tons and tons of choices to choose from!
Order this one shot where they surprise your friend with the shot and gives him/her a nice hard SPANKING with a wooden paddle!!
It's hilarious and I heard it can really hurt!
But maybe if you drink enough, you won't even notice!!
:P  I loved it when the whole place started singing together!
It's so much fun and I would totally come back here in a heartbeat with the right group of friends who know how to have some fun!

Always a lot of fun!
Beer and sausage!
Friendly staff.
Usually there's a band or a guy playing music.
Today I had sausage and mashed potatoes and won a beer chugging contest!
Won a free stein and a nice buzz!

The pork shank was delicious.
And I'm normally not a fan of dark beer, by theirs was pretty good (dunkel?).
If you are planning on eating here, I suggest that you try to make reservations for the main dining hall.
The atmosphere there is a lot more festive.

This place was sooooo much fun.
It was the best fun I had in Vegas the 5 days I was there.
I don't go to  "Adult" clubs or those sorts of places.
The service here was outstanding -Jennifer.
It was so loud in there, I am amazed they can hear us and have anything left in their voices.
The food (I had a steak) was perfectly cooked and served with delicious mashed potatoes.
It was fast.
And yes, I had the Jaegermeister shot and took the punishment - Jennifer again.
Owee!
It was a great atmosphere with all the people dancing and singing, and the band was awesome!
I cannot wait to get back to Vegas to go to this place again.

Ever been to Germany for Octoberfest??
Nope not me either.
But you can have that experience without ever leaving Las Vegas.
This place is huge, The Tables are huge, it's like the King Kong of Picnic Tables they also have a Banquet Hall for hundreds of tourists who come by the BUS LOADS.
Wow!y They have the giant beer mugs as well, different selections of sausages, and schnitzels come and feel like a German for a Day.
They also have a band that plays traditional German music.
So you get the full experience.
So get full and shitfaced here.
It's Great!

A little touch of Bavaria in Las Vegas.
Beer by the liter, German sausages sauerkraut, and some guy singing drinking songs whose job it is to walk around, chat people up and drink beer.
Best.Job.EVER!

This place is probably the most "real" Bavarian beer hall experience you'll find in the states.
They do all the German drinking songs and serve all the Bavarian food.
The prices aren't bad, considering we paid just about as much for drinks/food in actual Bavaria.
The music was fabulous, and the beer was top-notch.
For those who just want a nice time hanging with friends, while singing German drinking songs and toasting to a liter of delightful brew, it doesn't get any better than this!

The Hofbrauhaus was a lot of fun for me and my parents (my mom's family is from Bavaria, so this is a bit of home cooking for her!
What better place to take them?).
As soon as we walked in, we sat at a huge wooden table and ordered some beers.
They were delicious (and huge).
A bunch of cute German guys were enjoying some beers and brats in their lederhosen, and eventually, they were subjected to shots and spankings (thanks to one of their friends).
Maybe a little too entertaining, but it was a fun time.
A three-piece band played Bavarian standards and many of the patrons sang along/danced.
A very fun time.
As for the food, the portions are generous and the flavors are savory and delicious.
I had one of my favorites, currywurst.
The pretzels are really soft and chewy--perfect with a beer.
The prices are moderate, but if you're not starving, I'd say split it with a friend.
There's too much to eat, and you can always order more if you're hungry.
This was, hands-down, my parent's favorite place we visited in Vegas.
We'll be back next time.

This is a fun place with authentic German food combined with an upbeat crowd.
It is hard to express the explosive energy with joy and laughter along with incredible food.
I am Eastern European and this is truly the food my grandmothers and mother made for me as a child.
I could go on and on but their signature dishes such as Schnitzel Wiener Art and Schweinebraten are beyond words and applestrudel is so mouth watering.
Also, the atmosphere is infectious with wonderful service.
There is even a beer garden!
I almost forgot about the spanking and the celebrity beer tapping.
Stratosphere headliner Frankie Moreno did an outstanding job tapping the year's dark wheat beer.
Order a shot of Jagermeister and you too can be paddled!

Awesome place!
Great Atmosphere!
Great People!

Can I just say....I FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE!
I've gone a few times now since living in Vegas and each time I have a blast.
I've even gotten involved in chugging contests.
If you can handle the loud noise and potentially sitting next to people you may not know (seating is long tables and benches with backs) singing and having a good time this is definitely a place you want to visit.
The food is good for sure I love the massive soft pretzels that they have *drools* The beer is epic!
I love their Hefeweizen it's smooth and delicious, I wish I could have on at this very moment.
:) Yes you can drink from a "Das Boot" you can even buy one.
Pretty much this place is awesome and a good time, gotta visit at least once!

If you like noise, this is the place.
Couldn't even talk to table mates when music was not playing.
Reminded me of the noise level of a championship game in a domed stadium after a team has scored.
The waitress got two orders wrong since it was so loud.
But if you go for the food, it was very mediocre and while not expensive, was overpriced for what they delivered.
They do have good beer.

Here is a good place to get a PG-13 version of two Vegas staples--alcohol and breasts.
Just don't come here expecting traditional Bavarian culture.
While it's a hell of a great time, this Hofbrauhaus is not authentic.
I don't know how much they're trying to be, but they're not, and that's okay.
I have been to the real thing in Munich several times, and I assure you that the similarities are skin-deep (and even in Munich the HbH is the most commercialized of all the traditional beer halls).
This place looks beautiful, the beer is just as great (lager, dunkel, or hefeweizen--all are excellent), and of course the waitresses boast dirndls and bountiful cleavage.
In Munich, they do a brisk tourist business but there is a healthy local presence:  one room has a large rack covering one entire wall, like a wine cage, where the regulars store their personal steins.
In Vegas, the only locals are the staff.
The Munich HbH is a crossroads of the globe and you may make new friends from a dozen countries within a few hours.
In Vegas, you will meet people from Buffalo, Tupelo, and Modesto.
Still, you will meet people and have fun with them.
In Munich, the place is packed to the roaring rafters by 7pm.
In Vegas, the place is still half empty at that time and suffers from the loss of conviviality.
In Munich, an oompah band makes the rounds every half-hour or so.
In Vegas, three skinny white guys make do with guitar, bass, and keyboard.
Oh, and in Vegas there is a restroom attendant.
But that's all okay, because like I said, it's a great time.
There is still a lot of energy in the room, the staff are wonderful (especially our waitress Rebecca), and the beer and food are awesome.
DO NOT MISS the onion mustard and Obatzer cheese that come with the "pretzel complete" and check out the delicious crispy pork shank, after 4pm Saturdays only.
Plus they have added a uniquely American touch--whenever you down a shot, you get spanked by a waitress wielding a wooden paddle.
Those ladies mean business.
Great photo opportunity to embarrass your friends.
If you want to have a great time with a group of friends and get away from the standard debauchery, you cannot make a better choice than the Hofbrauhaus Las Vegas.

Echoing Holly C. if you're not in the mood for total German beer hall complete with German beer girls who will spank patrons for a fee...head elsewhere.
The food is fine, nothing to rave about.
Portions are generous, enough to split.
Volume is shouting level.
Seating is beer hall style, long communal benches.
Off the Strip, so head here if you just want a beer hall experience or you happen to be staying close by (Hard Rock).

This place is fun!
Loud music, drinking games, lederhosen, what more can you ask for in a German Beer Hall?
The food was traditional German food.
I ordered the pretzel off the appetizer menu, which was good, but I recommend ordering a pretzel "off menu".
Its $1 more but is more than twice the size and comes with dipping sauces.
Much better deal...I was sad when my tiny pretzel came out.
Order a shot for someone at the table, it comes with a spanking (from a paddle) from the server, it's really entertaining.

coming here I was prepared to be let down as it looked like a cheesy Octoberfest.
I was very wrong..
The beer was great, the food, was OK (honestly I didn't have much as the liquid diet was doing me well) but the most fun was when we told the waitress that it was a buddy's birthday..
I won't spoil what happens next but I highly recommend telling them and waiting for the entertainment....
I haven't laughed so hard in quite a while... Ill definitely be going back.

My husband and I just had dinner here..
fantastic!!!
We will be back.
My Bierkutscher Steak was cooked to perfection and my hubbys Jgerschnitzel was divine!
Anyone wondering where to eat in Vegas if you want a bit different this place is tops!
Our server Vivian was awesome too!

This establishment doesn't even deserve 1 star.
The food was mediocre & the staff unattentive.
The staff seemed as if they didn't want to be there.
This place is a huge tourist trap.
If you want German food, you are better off trying Cafe Heidelberg.

A star for each word to describe this place  Tourist Trap  Being from Chicago, we have many excellent choices for German restaurants, which gives us a little credit for knowing what we are talking about.
In addition, we ate and drank at the Hoffbrau in Munich.
Based on those qualifications, I wouldn't recommend spending your money here.
Everything is way overpriced, and they aren't embarrassed by it.
The pretzel appetizer was good, and the sausage platter my wife had was good, but my jaeger schnitzel was terrible.
There wasn't any thing schnitzel about it.
It was just a breaded pork cutlet sauced jaeger style.
It's not schnitzel until it is pounded flat.
That cutlet didn't experience hammer blow one.
The beer was excellent.
It was very fresh.
We were fortunate enough to be there for the tapping of the dunkel wheat, which was done by a Vegas performer, and 15 minutes later had a glass at our table.
I had the maibock, which was still very good for this late in the year (June).
The place didn't look anything like Munich and the beer garden looked kind of stupid being indoors.
I understand why it's hard to have an outdoor beer garden in Vegas,  but it just looked ridiculous.
No offense to the people who did the actual work, it was just a bad idea from the start.
Our waitress was very nice and timely, the servers seemed busy and the bus boys were also working hard.
I would go back for a beer, as expensive as even the beer is, if I was in the area, but I wouldn't pay for a cab ride to go there.
Avoid the food, and know you are going to pay considerably more than you want to.

Loved this place!
Most people who have been to Vegas numerous times don't even know about it.
We just happened to be staying at a hotel nearby and drove by it several times and it was also recommended in Frommer's.
What fun!
Great food - we chose the appetizer sampler which included variety of sausages, sauerkraut, potato salad and pretzels.
Yum!
We also had apfelstrudel for dessert.
There was live entertainment and we were lucky enough to be there at the same time as a bachelor party which made the atmosphere at 2:00 in the afternoon very boisterous!
We totally enjoyed it and loved finding a place off the strip that was so fun and had good food, too.

WoW!
This place rocks!
Awesome time, awesome experience, if your with the lads then this is where to kick of the party!
The music is loud, everyone more or less joins in some way or another in terms of singing or entering the beer competition on stage, the host is awesome and drunk throughout the night.
This place is as good as Oktoberfest Munich.
If your planning on going on the Friday or Sat night, then ensure you book your reservation on their website so you have a better chance of being where the music is, otherwise you will be seated at the back which is more reserved.
Beers are about $15.
Jaeger shots $7.
Recommend to go in a large group.

Gr8 place to grab beer with the boys.
This is straight out of munich, germany.
The one in munchen is bigger and louder but this one will do just fine.
We had a bachelor party dinner here and the best man got so wasted he was hugging the toilet.
Im not a beer guy but i really enjoyed the beer here.
Not really a family place and Cant really hang here all the time imho.

Group singalongs, bench seating, beer chugging contests, large steins of frothy goodness and paddles.
This place is practically impossible not to like.
I had the jagerschnitzel which wasn't bad, but it definitely needed salt.
The rest of the group seemed pleased with their meals of bratwurst and roasted chicken legs.
The bachelor in our group got a good paddling from our waitress, as did many lads that night as the spanks were heard echoing 'round the great hall.
This was the perfect choice to help our friends celebrate their impending nuptials - I would definitely return to the Hofbrauhaus again!

Sit down, buy a round of shots, and brace yourself for a great time.
If you want to get away from the strip and looking for good food, beer, and entertainment then you need to seek out the Hofbrauhaus.
They serve tasty authentic German food as you would expect, but their beer is why I keep going back.
Their Hefeweizen is still the best beer I've ever had.
I like to order it by the liter, but they do serve it by the pint you lightweights.
Their Hofbrau Original is not bad either and they have seasonal beers too.
After you've had your meal and a couple of beers order your friends a shot of Jagermeister or apple sours(taste like apple juice, but kicks like a mule) and when the drink arrive pull out your camera and record as your friends get spanked.
The waitresses and JagerGirl will paddle you right at your table for all to see.
Once the you've had a few shots you'll be sing along with the polka band and you'll be throwing change from across the hall into the tuba (totally expectable  behavior).
When you get ready to pay make sure you brought enough cash because the prices are on the high side.
My party of four was there just about an hour and spent about $200, and that was on a light drinking night.
Yes it's expensive, but I think its well worth the money.
You're not just pay for a meal and drinks your paying for an experience and a really good time.

What a great place to meet and have lunch or dinner.
We went on a Wednesday afternoon for my son's 21st birthday and loved it!
It was early so we missed the best atmosphere when they have the group singalongs.
Even if you don't drink beer, the food and environment is worth going for and the desert was incredible!
Definitely worth a visit the next time your in town, in the area,  or in the mood for some excellent German food and beer.

We enjoyed lunch here on a Sunday.
We arrived early (11:20) and for the most part, the restaurant was empty.
Even though it was early they had a performer playing some music as a one-man-band that was quite enjoyable.
The meals are huge and delicious.
My wife and I split the combo platter and everything was wonderful.
The sauerkraut is exceptional and mild just the way we like it.
We ordered a second helping of that.
We did not like the children's menu:  Hot dog or Butter noodles.
That's it?!?!
Also, it took an extremely long time to get our check once we were finished.
It took so long that my wife and daughter had time to visit the gift shop, purchase a cook book and hat, and return to the table where I still waited for the check.
The atmosphere is beautiful yet simple.
The tall ceiling and arches reminds me of the real Hofbrauhaus in Munich.
The exterior is very grand.
It's situated on the corner directly across from the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino.
I'll return.

Came with a few friends just to have a good time.
- buy a yager, slap some ass!
lol.
waitress doesn't show mercy either!
- Hold a beer longer than 8m, win a trip to NY!
saw it happen.
great job old man.
- alphorn star wars theme song?
skills!
- huge salty pretzel with very salty dipping sauce.
- overall great atmosphere.
i stepped in another country!

Beer was good!
Food was okay.
A little overpriced.
But you're paying for the atmosphere, which is very loud, but rowdy and fun...

Keg tapping ceremony with Frankie Moreno was tonight.
Food was great.
Music was awesome.
Absolutely will be coming back again next trip.

This place is a lot of fun.
The beers are good too.
The live entertainment does a lot of silly things, if you go here a few times it gets repetitive.
But the general friendliness/rambunctious makes it a fun place to visit every now and again.
You will certainly meet fun tourists from all around America and plenty of students from UNLV.
I haven't eaten here but the food looks pretty good.
The price is a bit too high.
I just couldn't bring myself to buy dinner, two 2pt beers and a dinner will break $40.

Had our friend's 50th Birthday party at Hofbrauhaus and it was great.
Service was really good and the food was delicious!
I've been to the original Hofbrauhaus  in Germany without the TV's, which we enjoyed.

This review maybe a little biased because of how much fun I was having on this night, but I must say, this place is A GREAT TIME!
I had been once before for lunch with my parents when there was no band, no crowds, and hardly any beer drinking.
On Saturday night, my girlfriend and I came here with a friend not knowing what to expect.
We were wandering the gift shop waiting to be seated and all we could hear were screams and cheers and loud music and grown men screaming in pain as they are paddle spanked by adult women.
WILLINGLY spanked by women with a large paddle.
Hysterical.
We were seated at a table right in front of the band where a group of four were already sitting, drinking, and having a great time.
Immediately upon our entrance, the band asked everyone to stand up or stand on the tables for the National Anthem.
Drunk people swinging their mugs around and shouting out their American pride!
Such a funny experience!
We immediately ordered beers and a pretzel.
The Hofbru Original beer was delicious!
I am not a huge beer drinker, but this beer was smooth and had a wonderful light taste to it.
We must have ordered at least 8 of them throughout the night.
When the pretzel came out, it was huge and salty and soft and delicious.
The dipping sauces (there were two different mustard and one cheese) tasted great, especially the cheese!
It may have been because we were feeling a bit tipsy, but we really enjoyed the pretzel and the three of us ate it up in a hurry.
My girlfriend and I shared the HB Riesenbratwurst, which was a slightly small sausage on a roll with sauerkraut and onion mustard.
It tasted delicious!
The sausage was a bit smaller than I expected, especially for the price, but the overall flavor combinations were wonderful.
Again, this may be attributed to my buzzed taste buds, who knows?
As the night progressed, there were many toasts made and many people brought up to the stage for chugging contests and songs and dances.
People watching was the greatest and everyone was really friendly and excited to be there.
Bottom line: it's impossible to not have a good time here on a Friday or Saturday night UNLESS you do not enjoy the following: making friends, loud music, toasts and drinking delicious beer, German horns, and some good old fashioned comradery.

This place is like Chuck E. Cheese for adults.
Adults who like to drink beer (and eat food that doesn't taste like cardboard).
Hofbrauhaus is unabashedly fun.
It's full of busty serving gals who deliver ales (and paddlings - we went for a friend's birthday party, and the gal literally handed his backside to him) with enthusiasm.
Oompah bands round out the music scene.
And you love lederhosen, it'll be like you died and went to Heaven.
The place is designed for good times.
They encourage you to stand on tables.
They want you to have fun.
They prefer you to be loud in your proclaimed enjoyment of beer.
The mood is pretty light and enjoyable.
The food is pretty excellent and decent portions.
There were a lot of things that looked tempting, but I tried the chicken sausages with a generous helping of tasty mashed potatoes.
Prices ran about $15-20 a plate.
The beer steins are huge, and I had even gotten a "medium" that led to a comfortable buzz.
If I can finagle a way to come here without driving, I want one of the ridiculous sized ones.
There is a ton of audience participation.
They really want to get the crowd involved whether up on stage, or if they come to you in the crowd.
It wasn't one of those awkward vibes where they will force unwilling restaurant patrons to get involved, but if you want to participate, they most definitely will accommodate.
The only issue that I had during my outing was during the cash handling at the end.
We had a BIG birthday group, and those things always become hectic with a lot of separate checks.
The problem was that due to a miscommunication, the status of whether someone within our party already covered all our expenses versus if we still needed to pay became a back and forth "yes/no/yes/no" issue that while resolved, I wasn't sure if it was until credit card statements were checked.
But to her credit, our server was very patient and was trying very hard to get everything sorted out amongst the beer chants and drinking contests.
I think in a smaller group, that won't be an issue.
I will check out Hofbrauhaus again.
Between the lively atmosphere, friendly staff, tasty food and copious amounts of beer, it's a hard place to be bummed out in.
Just keep your party under 40 people, and it should be fine for an unique dining experience.

My husband and I travel to Germany quite a bit for holidays so we are quite picky when it comes to German food.
I love sauerkraut and this is NOT even close to a good one!
I don't know why this place got such high reviews.
For just a drink and entertainment is worth 4 stars but the food is bland and that's why we came here was to eat German food so my 1 star is about the food.

Been here only two times and both times were for bachelor parties!
Epicness!!
We reserved for more than 10 people and can accomodate even more if needed.
Service is quick and the entertainment is well... entertaining!
Nothing but a taste of some almost real oktoberfest in good ole las vegas!
OI OI OI !

This is one of those places you go for the atmosphere and beer and not the food.
They really do the German thing well, pretzels, spetzels and sausages a plenty.
Oh yes and beer and spankings, yes spankings.
If you are the S&M, Christian Grey loving person then this is the place for you.
Apparently if you order a shot of this dark liquor (Perhaps Jagermister?
) you get a spanking by a waitress in a laderhousen (That Hansel and Gretel outfit with suspenders).
This I did not indulge in, but many many men around our table did.
We went late in the evening so the giant dinning room was emptying out so I assume we didnt get to see all the possibilities of spanking.
Okay so the important stuff- the food.
I ordered a white sausage dish at the recommendation of the waitress, interesting.
I am not a huge sausage fan, but since I was here the sausage kingdom, figured I should try it.
It came with potatoes and sauerkraut.
I also of course drank a lot of beer and perhaps if I drank more the food would have tasted better.
We also ordered a traditional pretzel with cheese dip and mustards, now that was tasty (The beer probably helped with this).
I am not going to lie the German dinners that shared our table and the authentic German band probably helped me like this place more, it certainly wasn't the food.
So all in all, I would come back to drink and eat pretzels, not to eat.
So drink up!
Das boot!

It would get 4.5 stars if I could...  All I can say is they have litres of beer!!!
How great is that, good, strong beer.
Servers are pretty good for the mayham they deal with in the dining hall.
Fun, and even more fun after a few litres!
Food is good, but even in Germany the food is only "good".
I giving it 4 $ just because the litres are pricey and add up quick.
the average customer probably is done after 1 litre

This place is incredibly fun - there is live music, a rambunctious host (the band), and it's true that the busty server ladies there deliver paddlings where needed.
The beer and food are good, just very expensive.
I had the pretzel, which came with two types of mustard and beer cheese, as well as the Hefeweitzen.
I think my total was around $26 for that including tip, so I'd suggest going somewhere else to continue your drinking.
(in this case, Quinn's).

I can't even tell you or pronounce what I had eaten.
All I know is that it was really good.
I had what looked like three long sausage links with sauerkraut (see picture) and mashed potatoes.
AND don't forget...the German beer!
My friends and I had arrived here late in the afternoon, which is why the craziness wasn't happening.
I've been to the real Hobrauhaus in Munchen; I would love to one day go back for Oktoberfest.
For now, Las Vegas will suffice and I hope to come back the next time I am in Vegas.

Awesome!!
Great food, great beer, and great atmosphere with the live music and hall like seating.
The Dunkel style beer is my favorite here, to me it has the most flavor then the rest of their beers.
But try them yourself, they are all good.
They serve them in different size: 16oz, 24oz and 34oz mugs.
Ask for the sausage sampler that come with a pretzel and two mustard and sauerkraut.
At about $28; worth it.
Their food, from the hamburger, to the Schnitzel, to the Sauerbraten, you can't go wrong here.
p.s.
for every Jgermister shot you order, you get one spank in the ass with a large wooden paddle.
Some spanks look and sounds like really hurts.
So be warned.

i'm not one for the heavy tourist spots so i'm prejudice against hofbrauhaus.
that being said, the sausage is ok.  the beer is good.
it's just too kitchy and overblown for me.
theres much better german food in vegas if you're looking.

To be perfectly honest- I thought this was a horrible representation of the German branded beer destination in Munich.
I know it's two different countries, but the feeling was just- eh.
If you're going to slap the name Hofbrauhaus on a venue to lure people in, at least give a similar experience- especially since you're charging a lot for it.
I'm actually surprised that this restaurant got as high of ratings as it did.
Maybe I should have started drinking before coming?
The location in Munich was a warm and friendly atmosphere while the Las Vegas felt like an afterthought.
We ordered two dinners, a beer, an iced tea and dessert and it came out to a little over $80.
Wowza.
I kinda felt ripped off.
There are a ton of great German places in Orange County/LA that charge significantly less and have a way better vibe.
Jaime P and I actually joked that there were more servers than customers, yet everyone had to try and flag someone down for attention.
I ordered the nrnberger rostbratwurst which was three pork sausages, sauerkraut and mashed potatoes and the meal was washed down with a mug of the Hofbru Maibock.
The sausages and sauerkraut were cooked okay, but lacked any real flavor.
Same went for the mashed potatoes.
The beer was good, you can't go wrong with that.
I should have ordered more of those and it would have probably still been cheaper in the long run.
At least I would have been drunk and satisfied.
Went the extra mile to fill the void in my stomach and ordered the apfelstrudel that came out warm with a side of ice cream.
I can't say anything bad about the dish.
Between this and the beer, it was the only reason I chose to give this place two stars.
There was a one man band singing some German tunes.
He did his best with the crowd in the beer hall to keep them entertained.
I think there were seven total in this massive space, but he did what he could to get the audience excited with beer drinking games and off the wall jokes.
It was funny because when I called for hours, I was told I should make reservations because it's on a first-come basis.
Maybe the other 500-people or so were on their way?
This could have just been an off day- unfortunately, I'll never know an on day because I wont be coming back.

the only reason i gave them one star is because negative stars were not an option.
we walked into a very empty restaurant on a sunday @ lunch time.
we were finally greeted by a frumpy hostess after she finished her conversation with a co worker.
we opted to sit at the bar, which was so much worse on a customer service level.
this woman was down right scary looking and just plane nasty attitude.
she informed me there were only 2 kinds of beer to chose from.
SERIOUSLY ONLY TWO KINDS OF BEER IN A BEER HOUSE?
WTH???
then i asked the bartender about the food, an she wanted to make it an arguement.
i can see why her bar was totally empty and so was the restaurant.
this place is a very poor excuse of a german restaurant,, and a really bad impression of the guest service!
save your money and your eyes!

Visited the Hofbrauhaus twice with two different sets of friends and left with the same common ending: drunk, stuffed and sore.
The live music and large pints or steins of beer make this feel like an authentic German beer hall.
The Jagermeister?
Not so much.
As a huge Taiwanese sausage fan, I am pretty used to eating links and links of sausage.
So as I finished my sausage platter in 2 minutes, my friends were astonished.
They couldn't even finish theirs.
Most interesting note: if you buy shots, the girls will spank you.
Doesn't matter if your a rookie or a veteran.
Just make sure they don't get your tailbone because that's a stinger.

One of the best places to get German food  in Las Vegas.
If you are craving schnitzel, then this is the place for you.
I have tried both their Schnitzel Wiener Art and Jagerschnitzel.
Both dishes are hearty and tasty.
Their pretzels are great and I believe they bake them to order.
I'm usually not a dessert person but their apple strudel is to die for.
I heard from the bartender that the strudel is flown in from Germany.
If you like polka music then this is the place for you because they  hire live polka bands nightly.

Great food and great fun!!!!
Highly recommended

Went here for lunch it was slow.
And you'd think since its early people would be happier to help you but our waitress was kinda cranky.
At least the food was good.
the portion was kind of small for me.
This coming from someone that eats very little.
The pretzel that came with the meal was big.
It is a try once if you are in Vegas.

I came here for a drink one night already drunk on food (see my review for India Palace).
I never made it into the dining hall other than a quick pass through on my way to the restroom (stay tuned for more on that).
Instead I stayed at the bar since I was there for the beer after all.
When presented with the sizes, my friend and I looked at each other and looked down the bar at a lady with the large liter size beer.
Being men and not wanting to be out done by a lady, we both ordered the liter size of a dark beer as well.
We were already full so those beers took a long time to drink.
He was the first to visit the restroom in the back.
I followed suit a few minutes later.
The quick trip through the dining hall was entertaining.
People sitting at community tables singing and laughing.
Drinking and eating.
Live music playing traditional German tunes as well as more contemporary songs on traditional German instruments.
Sweet Caroline in oom-papa style was hilarious.
It looks like a fun place to eat and be basically part of the show.
I'd like to go back just for that.
Anyhow, I make my way back to the bar from the restroom, take my seat and resume my drinking.
Then I notice, my friend is not there anymore.
I figured he went back to the restroom and I missed him.
So I waited a few minutes and he never came back.
Finally I asked the bar tender if he had seen the guy I came in with.
I got a funny look followed by "oh, you're serious.
"  For the last ten minutes he was sitting just one stool over and talking with another bar patron.
Both men are ex Air Force.
I felt pretty stupid at this point.
All I could do was laugh and wonder if I was really that drunk.
It was not long after that that I finished my beer and was ready to head home.
The rain of the evening had let up, I was tired and had a long drive to Arizona the next morning.
After paying the barkeep and calling out the BS-ing former Air Force stranger on some of what he was saying therein nearly starting a fight, I made it to my car, made it home and made it to bed.
What an evening.

The atmosphere is great, but the food is only so-so.
Great place to drink a beer and watch a grown man get spanked.

I planned my friend's bachelorette party and I had this German theme going so of course we started here.
Apparently, this is more common as a bachelor party destination SO do not be surprised if you are a group of ladies and you are descended upon by men immediately upon entry.
Once we shooed the guys away we got us some huge steins of beer (I had the lager, it was tasty) and sausage and spaetzle and enjoyed watching everyone getting their Jager paddling and the German band playing, it was  fun scene.
I the sausage sampler and it was good, some sausages better than others (one just tasted like a hot dog which was weird, the thicker one was the best...that's what she said!
) The bride-to-be is a vegetarian and got the German-style mac and cheese spaetzle thing and we all started chowing on that too because it was delicious, maybe better than the sausage!
She also had been to the OG Hoffbrauhaus in Munich and yeah, she said this was a little different but we had a good time all the same!

Having lived in Germany for six years in my younger years, I've always scoffed a bit at cheesy German brew houses outside of Germany that come across as some odd German-themed Disneyland.
Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?
Friendly, yes, and the food came relatively quickly, but I was admittedly a bit miffed by the "show".
Yes, at times the dining atmosphere during Oktoberfest can loosely resemble the show you see at Hofbrauhaus, but this is very rarely the case.
That having been said, I think you come to Hbh knowing what you're getting yourself into, and knowing what you're paying for.
Star Granted.
Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?
Why is it that German food has been turned into this expensive anomaly everywhere outside of the homeland?
Schnitzle?
Fries?
Spaetlze?
This isn't expensive stuff, so as you can imagine, I was a bit deterred by the $30 price tag on my Pepper Steak with Wedges:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=dZXCmhBNt2XPcZeuIMwnjg&userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHg  That's an awful lot to pay for a dish that was 50% gravy.
No Star Granted.
Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?
The Pepper Steak was without question good, but I couldn't help but feel as though a vast majority of the flavor was coming from the gravy as opposed to the actual steak.
Single Star Granted.
Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?
I love love love love love German Food, but if you're jacking up your prices because of a carnival-esk atmosphere as opposed to food quality, you're doing it wrong.
No Star Granted.

I love this place, always have a great time here.
It's off the strip so you need to take a cab or bus.
This beer hall is a duplicate of the original in Munich.
They are located throughout the world and all look / feel the same.
The highlights:  - Amazing food.
Lot's of traditional German / Bavarian dishes - Good German beer - Great service - Like real German beer halls, you sit at long tables with other visitors.
You make a lot of new friends from around the world - Cool German bands - Fantastic apple strudel  - They sell fresh roasted beer nuts - so good..... - Great party atmosphere, I stumble out of here regularly  If you buy shots, Blond women in tight clothing will spank you HARD with a wooden paddle.
Not sure I get this part but someone gets it every few minutes.
Highly recommended.

Enjoyed the Hofbruhaus last night.
Wienerschnitzel, Schwarzwlderkirschtorte, Sauerbraten, Ksekuchen... it was fantastic!
Just like at home in Europe!
My family and I were very happy, and will definitely go back soon.
The music was pretty nice too, almost made us a bit homesick.
The Oktoberfest beer is delightful!
We need more of that nice delicious brew :)

I've never been to Germany, but this place made me want to go.
Our waitress WAS German and she was the sweetest lady, I hugged her when we left.
I loved the music, the beer, the pretzels, the German dogs, the atmosphere was so happy and fun.
I even got a spanking!
What more could you want???
;)  I will be there again for sure!

This is a really enjoyable place to eat German food, drink Hofbrau beer, and listen to a live German band.
This is a perfect German beer hall and is a wide open space that looks like nearly an exact copy of the one in Munich.
As would be expected seating is at long communal tables where you can meet some new folks.
I'm not really a fan of cheesy night clubs with DJ's playing terrible music so this is one of the more enjoyable places in Las Vegas to me.
And yes they even play the chicken song!

The weekend of Frozen Fury is infamous for pre-party at Hofbrauhaus before the game.
Game got cancelled and no one was here, but the food more than made up for it!
The pretzel was a tad try but the mustard was great.
I got a jar to go and we paid $5 for it...I just found it today at Cost Plus World Market for $2.50.
Darn; I thought they made it themselves.
We got 2 random dishes that involved sausage and something that resembled potato dumplings; not sure but both were delish!
The entertainment is amped up to high, even though the place was half packed.
The man looked like he escaped from Beer Fest and was smashed in the wee hours of the afternoon.
Rock on.
We'll be back!

this place was great.music was awsome.food was good.they some ufc fighter tap the kegwould love to visit it again.

The Strip has the Pyramid, Ancient Rome, New York City, and Venice.
Paradise Road has the Bavarian Beer Hall.
The Hofbrauhaus is a Bavarian Beer Hall across from the Hard Rock.
Step inside the Hofbrauhaus, and you temporary leave Vegas.
This past Saturday,after 7 years in Vegas, l finally experienced the Hofbrauhaus.
It is so different from what I expected.
I expected a mega bar serving hundreds of varieties of beer.
In reality the Hofbrauhaus is a replica of a Bavarian Beer Hall.
Beer drinkers share good times at long tables.
In the front of the Beer Hall, a Bavarian band leads the good times.
On a loudness scale of 1 to 5, it reaches a 4.
The servers dress in Bavarian uniforms.
A major reason, I give Hofbrauhaus four stars is because the well-done theme makes it a unique place to share good times over beer.
Because Hofbrauhaus is a beer drinker's theme park, the prices are inflated.
The feeling of drinking beer in a Bavarian Beer Hall justifies $8.95 for a 17 ounce Octoberfest beer from Munich Germany.
$8.95 also pays for a strong beer.
By the way, a 34 ounce Octoberfest beer is $15.95.
Hofbrauhaus is more than beer.
They serve German food at prices that compare to their beer, which is $$$.
From Monday to Friday between 11 to 4, they offer $9.95 specials on German food.
I left the Hofbrauhaus with the impression that it is cool to have a beer in a beer drinker's theme park at the same time that one beer is the limit.
After one beer, the noise becomes annoying and it is so obvious you could go across the street and have a few more beers at Firkins On Paradise for the price of one beer at the Hofbrauhaus.
And this is where we went after having experienced drinking a beer in the Hofbrauhaus.
Review in a nutshell:  Pros: Entertaining Bavarian Beer Hall theme, strong beer, fun at first, plenty of parking at the nearby Hard Rock  Cons: High priced, very loud environment.

Been here twice and the food and experience are great!
You sit at long tables with other people, open area to see everything that is going on.
The last time I came was for my bachelor dinner and got paddled twice.
That hurt big time, wish I had the shots way beforehand.
The food is authentic, good portions, and live music.
Can't wait to go back next time!

Hofbrauhaus was such a fun, and funny, treat.
Of course, Las Vegas was the perfect place to recreate a "German beerhouse" in the States.
This place is huge, almost cavernous, with a loud, boisterous band playing in the front of the hall and long tables of reveling diners singing along.
Both the food and drink menus are expansive, with plenty of sausage to go around.
You can get beers in all different sizes, from the 1/2 liter to the full mug, and I bet you there's a boot option there somewhere.
I'm not sure if all Bavarian dishes are like this, but it seemed like the "Specialty" ones offered at Hofbrauhaus include meat, carbs, and cream.
Indeed, the Jagerschnitzel  that I got had those three components, as well as bacon and cranberries.
The plate was the size of my head, and the pork was buried underneath a mountain of sauce and bacon.
I think they made a mistake; I don't think this dish is meant for one person.
The schnitzel was pretty good; it was well-seasoned and the bacon lent the right saltiness to the whole dish.
It was nice having the noodles sop up some of the cream, and the cranberries also helped cut through some of richness.
What makes a dinner here a real treat, however, isn't the beer and the sack of food you get.
It's the rowdiness of the crowd, the whack of the paddle (you get one to the butt on your special occasion), the boom of the band, and a thousand other things that make this a truly unique experience.

Went last nite.
VERY noisy, not a romantic date nite place for sure.
Fun loud atmosphere, lots of spankings, lots of alcohol.
The food, just so-so.
Probably an ok place for a drunken party with friends, not the place for a nice meal.

Buy a spanking, get a free shot.
Or is it the other way around.?
This place is a replica of the famous Hofbruhaus in Munich, but unlike many replicas here in Vegas, Hofbruhaus was able to also bring the same atmosphere of the original Hofbruhaus, Live German band playing classic German and American singalong songs, lots of beer, food and loud drunk customers having one hell of a time.
This is definitely a great place for celebrations.
Also, where else would you get spanked every time you have a shot of jger?...
Here!...So I started with a shot of Jger.
Now, the food is a different story, although people around me seemed to enjoy it, I'm not really a fan.
I ordered the Hofbruhaus wurstplatte, recommended by my Hispanic looking German waitress, she said it was one of the most popular dishes in the house and the menu says is for sausage lovers.
( I know, it doesn't sound right) it wasn't bad really but it wasn't good either, I wasn't impressed by it, I mean there was the "wow" factor but nothing to do with flavor......
So I ordered another shot of jger.
(better sausages at Las Vegas grille and also less intimidating) Previously i had ordered the Bavarian appetizer, Obazda, now this is worth ordering again, it was really good.
Brie prepared with cream cheese, butter, onions, served with a freshly baked pretzel...... and a shot of Jger.
The beers are good of course, who doesn't like German beer?
But they are a little bit pricey so we only had one 1 litter Oktoberfest beer each.
WOW, when the waitress came back and sat the two beers on the table my friend and I looked at them and we were impressed of how huge they were!
Wow!
there's something worth coming back for!
(by the way, the beers were also big) ....so I had a shot of Jger.
For dessert I ordered the apfelstrudel which is their signature dessert and I loved it, accompanied with a shot of Jger is the best.
I'm pretty sure I'll be back.
Even though this place is a bit pricey and they seem to cater mostly to tourists, this is a good place for birthday parties and any kind of celebration or to bring friends from out of town.
German music playing, beer drinking people singing and dancing, fun staff going around entertaining and serving happy customers, eating and huge (beers), shots of jger.
I can definitely get used to all this.............spanking.

Went here based on great reviews and had a great time at the real one in Germany!
This was a gian disappointment.
The purpose of the visit was to watch the live music and sit at one of the long shared tables just like Germany.
We were told reservation needed for that part (empty seats all over when we walked in) so we were away from the music.
Beer and food WAY overpriced!
8.00 for a 10 ounce beer??
Can't even cough up the extra 2 ounces and fill the glass to the top?
I chose not to eat out of aggrevation but my bf did.
He got some ugly white sausage that came in boiling water and smelled gross with a soft pretzel that appeared to be a rock like texture.
Spare yourself this place.
Too many other great places to go in Vegas!
Hit the real one in Munich if you want a great time!
The only good part about this place was the waitress.
She was really nice.

Food was great.
I had one of the fish dishes, I believe the poached salmon.
It tasted great.
The beer was great as well.
I can't recall the name of it but it was in a HUGE mug and was about $15.
This place is moderately pricey.
I paid for the Bachelor's dinner and my own, and it rang up to about $80 right there.
I still enjoyed the place.
The waitresses were great, they gave my buddy and paddle smack right on his booty, and he was also able to go up to the band a play an instrument!
Great fun, great food, great beer, no big complaints.
I would go back.

It's Oktoberfest all year!
For $5 you can get a half shot on a test tube and a paddle spanking from a leather clad lady.
The food is ok, you are coming here for the experience.
It's a fun place that is different then the strip.

Love this place!
Been to the original one in Germany, and the first time I walked into the one in Vegas, I felt like I was back in Europe!
The pretzel combo is awesome!
It's a great place and always an awesome time!
It can be a little $$$, so just be careful!
I have found that some of the plates are rather large so sharing is what we normally do!
Weekends tend to get a little crowded (around 730-8pm), so making a reservation (inside the beer hall) is what i recommend!
All the servers have been awesome, except for when they litterally chase you down in the gift shop and remind you that if you buy something it HAS to be under their name... strange and annoying, but other then that, the food and atmosphere is amazing!
A great place for any celebration have it be a birthday, a reunion or just life!

A brilliant German beer festival or Oktoberfest type Bar and Restaurant.
If your looking for a loud, fun and wonderfully bizarre place to spend an evening - Hofbrauhaus is the place to be.
Very cool place, all waitresses wear low cut tops and are very friendly.
Everyone has a beer in their hand and is singing along to music, there are drinking games and the crowds are encouraged to join in the fun...someone even jumped on the table and started to do what looked like a morris dance lol.
The food menu is lovely - typically themed - various sausages, sauerkraut, pretzels and Roast pork...as well as a salads, cold meats and cheeses.
Live music is played and if you get a spanking from a waitress (not a gentle spanking either) you get a free shot.
Drinking games with a yard of ale, and everyone is friendly and clinking beer glasses together.
This is truly an experience you must try whilst in America's playground - Las Vegas.

If you can name all 6 of the original Oktoberfest beers, this place is a must on your next visit.
Nice place.
Good food - get the sausages boiled, remove the casing, and enjoy with a pretzel and great beer!

The pretzels are amazing and the atmosphere is great.
This place is a lot of fun and I will go here every time I go to Vegas.

Two words: Live polka :) :).
Forget the strip, we could have stayed here all night.
It has a perfect mixture of family-friendliness and night life.
Good beer, yummy food, great atmosphere.
It's a mini model of the real thing in Munich.
Large tables with bench style seating ~ beware... You may up sharing a table with a stranger!
:) The only thing we didn't like were the novelty prices.
Definitely more expensive than the average brat & beer house.
Be prepared to pay $14 on the pretzel they bring you to share when you first sit down.
Good food, great service, we will definitely be back & bring more people next time!

I do my best to stop in at the Hofbrau every time I go to Vegas.
It's a fun environment that brings a different style to the table in a town full of hotel bars and clubs.
People have told me that the Hofbrau Las Vegas is an exact replica of the Hofbrau in Munich.
I'm not happy to admit that when I was at the Hofbrau in Munich some years ago, things were a little blurry.
Lets just say the Deutsch begin the festivities rather early on Easter Sunday.
Either way, from my fuzzy memory the Vegas Hofbrau certainly has a very similar feel to the original.
The beer is all the original Hofbrau brew, and they serve it in the traditional stein (although I don't remember them having a smaller one in Germany).
Last time I went I got the Oktoberfest in Das Boot!
I was a little upset that the boot was plastic, but it still turns into an endurance trial toward the end of the beer- which can be fun, or not so fun all depending.
The food is all traditional Bavarian style- so be ready for sausage and potatoes!
I still have yet to encounter anything I disliked on the menu but I highly suggest getting a soft pretzel as an appetizer.
The pretzel is huge and comes with an array of dipping selections- all of which are great.
I think the biggest difference between the original and Vegas location is how the entertainment is catered toward the crowd.
The original had a very traditional German brass band sort of playing in the background.
The Vegas Hofbrau certainly has a bit more of a 'showy' feel to it.
They're constantly playing German drinking songs along with many popular songs to keep the crowd involved.
They also play a bunch of games.
Such as 'last man holding the stein wins'.
Also, if you really want, the waitress will slap you on the ass with a paddle with a sound that will ring out though the entire building.
I haven't done it myself.
Not gonna lie, I'm afraid of getting tagged in the coin purse.
If you're looking for a different experience in the sometimes overly repetitive town of Las Vegas, I suggest hitting up the Hofbrau.
In true fashion of the town, you probably won't leave sober, but you will have a unique experience and not be surrounded by the hotel bar hookers like the rest of the town.
Prost!

It looks just like the Hofbrau Haus in Munich.
I think the only Germans in the place were in the band!
Service was good.
Music was good.
Beer was good.
The food was another matter.
My wife's Jager Schnitzel was so tough you could barely cut it with a knife.
The sauerkraut with my wurst plate was bland and over cooked.
The mashed potatoes tasted like they were made from a mix.
We definitely had better German food.

Something Different in Vegas  I was here with a group of guys for dinner and drinks, about 15 of us.
This was a part of a bachelor party weekend.
This place was recommended by some of my co-workers who have been here for bachelor party events before.
Considering that the bachelor was a big party / fraternity boy in college, we though the place would be a great fit with the beer, singing, games, and paddles.
Half of our group were in a fraternity before and half were not.
I think the fraternity guys enjoyed it a bit more.
The bachelor loved it.
Overall the experience was cool and it was like a big party in there.
The staff try hard to make it fun but its not for everyone.
The drinks were good and the food was on point.
A lot of sausage and potatoes.
Worth a visit at least once.

The food is great, so is the service.
The entertainment, Johann is so good we went back the next day with our friends.
We will be going back here again and again.
Try the cheesecake, yum.

I had been told to try the Hofbrauhaus before I left for Vegas by some co-workers.
Man was I glad that they recommended this place!
The atmosphere was loud, but that is to be expected when the entertainment is never ending.
Going on a Monday night I had thought it would be a smaller crowd, but decided to make a reservation.
Glad I made a reservation because the place was packed!!!!
I started out with one of their white wines and the pretzel appetizer with cheese.
Delicious!
At that point I was already feeling full but decided to try out some other things.
I ordered some German weiners but it tasted kind of like over-done Oscar Mayer hot dogs honestly....which is why this place did not get 5 stars from me.
The potato salad that came with the meal was absolutely amazing!
Never had any potato salad taste that great!
Needless to say, it was a great experience but I would probably order a schnitzle or something more authentic next time.

Out of all the touristy traps I've seen throughout my years going to Las Vegas, this is one that isn't even a trap at all!!
Built to capture the spirit and energy of the Munich Bier Halle in Germany, Hofbrauhaus offers so much fun!
While the sausages are so-so, the pot roast dishes are very delicious and satisfying.
You can wash your food and dessert down with any of their imported brews; I highly recommend the Hefe Weissen in a liter stein (if you can handle your drink).
And yes, they even have the boot-shaped beer glasses ;)  It's right across the Hard Rock Hotel, and off the strip from the drunken bros and hoes who would otherwise ruin your night!

Yes, the beer is overpriced...though their Dunkle is darn good!
Yes, the food is overpriced...then again, there are not a lot of places in Vegas with solid Bavarian/German dishes.
Yes, Hofbrauhaus can be a bit touristy at times.
These are all the reasons you should avoid coming to the Hofbrauhaus.
The problem is that it is far too much fun...especially with a group of friends!...so I'll come back and and overpay for beer, overpay for food and somehow have an incredible evening non-the-less...again and again!
If you are coming here for anything other than a great amount of fun, you are going to the wrong place.
The Hofbrauhaus is a loud, German/Bavarian beer hall.
There is a live band playing all your favorite, classic, German beer drinking songs...errr...I guess I assume they are the classics and favorites... either way, they are fun reasons to heave a hefty stein or glass boot into the air and drink beer.
The beers they do are done well, especially the dunkle.
The food is fine, but nothing incredible.
I love going to the Hofbrauhaus for friends birthdays or other celebrations.
You can order a spanking from the bar-maid...it even comes with a free shot!

Very close to the original in terms of layout and design, perhaps a bit smaller.
Kind of far from the strip, good spot if you are staying at the Hard Rock Casino.
Food was great, beer a bit pricey but it is Vegas.
We felt like the server pushed a $13 Bretzel on us even before we had a chance to look at the menu and the Oktoberfest beer, it was like it was going bad and they were trying to sell it before it went bad.
Beer was good and being vegetarian we ordered 5 side dishes to split.
We each had a masse (Litre stein/32 oz of beer) our bill came to around $100.
Expect to spend between $35-$50 per person if you eat and have a drink or two.
Great spot to take a large group to drink if you want something different.

I am only commenting on the food.
Was there when they opened, we spent my father's 70th birthday there.
I was born and spent 18 years in Germany.
The food they are rolling out now does not resemble what they originally served.
They have figured out that they can save money serving subpar food to Ami's who have had too much to drink.
So sad, will never step foot in their overpriced establishment.

Fun place to be.
Beer is expensive 15.00 for 1 liter of beer but the atmosphere is awesome.
It's loud n you will be seated with other strangers but people do mind their own business.
We fot the jumbo pretzel special for 13.95, yummy.
The schnitzel was good n I got the 3 sausage combo for 19.99, kind of pricey.
Don't forget to order your favorite shot n get a butt spanking for your beer maiden.

Do I love German food?
Actually not, despite my visit to this restaurant for both lunch and then dinner all within the same day.
Regarding lunch we met up with 4 other business colleagues during lunch because one of the guys was there earlier in the week and he really enjoyed his lunch.
So there we were table of 6.
We had a free beer coupon from the Embassy Suites so we enjoyed one smaller than normal size beer.
The other 5 guys enjoyed there lunch, but, I was not so impressed although our table server was very accommodating to our table needs and menu changes.
The restaurant looks like an indoor beer garden, but, was very tame and appropriate for a business lunch.
In the evening a different group of 6 of us returned from American Shooters in the late evening and decided we would have dinner here.
At this point there was live music and the place was hopping with people even dancing on their tables to the music.
We all used our free beer coupons for another small stein of beer.
As we were eating our food we noticed one of the customers get up from his table and get paddle spanked by a waitress.
I guess the guy did not pay his bill, but, actually others from the same table were also spanked minutes latter.
We quickly realized this was a ritual, which emanated years ago from customers who ordered after dinner shots.
You got paddle spanked and then had to drink your shot.
After we finished our dinners the one female at our table had ordered shots for the 5 of us.
Needless to say all the men got spanked except for one, who refused to participate.
But we could not suffer alone so we ordered another shot for our female friend.
But she had rhine stones on her jeans so the waitress was very easy on her.
The guys were disappointed by the uneven hand of our waitress.
The guys were hit hard, but, our female friend got off easy.
As for my dinner there was way too much food to eat and again I was not so impressed by the quality or taste of the food.
I guess I don't like German food so much even though I am Polish?
Maybe it is because they invaded us in the big one: WWII.
I should add service during dinner was as equally good (or better considering the circumstances) as was during lunch although we did not have any special food requests.
I would still recommend this place not so much for the food, but, because of the live music and the paddle spanking for fun.
By the way I recommend the dark draft Dunkel, which was pretty tasty.

So my wife and I went here last night to celebrate my birthday and had a whale of a time.
After a few liters of beer and spend a lot of money on food, the experience was tarnished by there bold barman (you'll know who I mean) who refused to give me a glass of tab water and wanted me to buy a bottle.
His attitude stank, if I wanted to be bled dry of all my money I would have gone to the casino across the road.
This company doesn't care for the customer and is just after your money.

It's a Disney style version of the real thing.
It would help to raise the rating if I were pissed (drunk) out of my skull like most of the other patrons .The food was quite good and the service was great.
If you've experienced the real thing, then this place, you'll understand why this doesn't rate 5 Stars.
Get wasted and you'll love it.

You want to get drunk?
Then this is the place to be!
Hofbrauhuas Las Vegas has that tent-like feel just as if you were at the real tent in Munich along with the rowdiness and fun that comes along with this place  Food is decent but who comes here to just eat?
You get food so you can absorb all the beer that is available in abundance in this establishment!
Beer beer and more beer!
Prost!

Where else can you get a lively place complete with awesome German food,beer, live music and random paddle spankings?
At the Hofbrauhaus of course!!
My party of 4 had a blast here and I even got pulled up with about 12 other gals for a "Who can drink their beer stein the fastest" contest!
(I didn`t win) But who cares?
Love this place!

Good fun, great food and the atmosphere makes you feel like your not in Vegas.
Love this place.

Ok, maybe over excited about this place... so my expectations were pretty high, since this is the ONLY "German" place that boast to be like Oktoberfest, but was almost the opposite.
Like Brittany B. said, "I was expecting such an experience....
I [also] will never return"  I feel like I HAVE TO go into the whole meal for you to get why this is a 1 star..... so heeeeere-we-go!
We came in 7 people deep looking to get a free beer each (We had coupons from online) so we were prepping for some drunkin debauchery and were excited to get a few liters of beer each... well after we were seated in the hall and ordered our free beer we were serenaded by a pretty good umpapa band so we were feeling pretty good.
When our beers came they were little 8 oz beers...
I think a can of hofbrau was bigger than this beer; and I know that head is expected but it was half the glass.... ok it's free, what do you expect?
Then when we tried it it was flat, like disgustingly flat.
So we told the waitress who was surprised and told us that they hadn't had any complaints all day.
They then brought over the manager Scott who proceeded to tell us that he's been drinking it all day and it's fine, and that the owner was drinking to and "he's from Germany", so our german friend who was with us asked if she could talk to him... Scott then told us that "He's not here".... after he left another waitress came over and asked which beers are flat, I pointed to the one in front of me... she picked it up, looked at it, then proceeded to take a swig of it...
I told our waitress to pore it out.
I later ordered a liter of my own... unbeknownst to me it cost $15... at least $3 more than at Oktoberfest and $7 more than Brats Brothers where I go to in LA.
After that we got our food which was pretty good, but was not as flavourful as I think it is when there's a high turnover rate, cause it was kinda slow so I imagine the less popular items had been sitting for a while, because it didn't taste fresh.
Pluses are we had a friendly waitress Kathy, the Umpapa band was a good trio, but I was upset because they couldn't (note not wouldn't) play it because it was not on their play list, even though they knew it and I was willing to play it.
I mean c'mon it was the song to play Oktoberfest 2011, just the Fliegan Song!
They also stopped playing at 10:45pm, when the place closed at 11 and the staff were just staring at us the last 15 minutes as to eyeball us as to say (get the F* out we want to go home)....
While I remember staying till the waiters were drinking with us after Oktoberfest...   Over all felt really unwanted.
Expensive.
And not like Oktoberfest.
I'm sure that during Oktoberfest this place is hoping, but what do you do for the other 340 days of the year?
Give poor service and expect us to tip 20%?
I won't be visiting again, nor will I be telling anyone to go OR tell anyone it's "Just like Oktoberfest"....

You need to be drunk to enjoy this place.
The servers should consider covering up their cleaveges as with an average age of above 40 it doesn't look too attractive.
The place is dark and their loud band was annoying in my subjective opinion.
The food is mediocre at best and definitely is NOT good value for money for Las Vegas.
It should be twice cheaper to be somewhat competive.
I am not coming back and won't recommend it to anyone.

I love German food!!!!
I have always loved German food!!!!
Oddly enough, Vegas is a German food Mecca of sorts - at least for our part of the country.
I was amazed at how many German places I saw around Vegas!
Especially since the town is not the biggest.
I actually got to try two places and one of them was the fabulous Hofbrahaus!
I know that German food is not one of the most well known cuisines in the world since it is so simple but if you get to try it you will see there is true beauty in its simplicity!
To start with Hofbrauhaus is beautiful inside and out.
The building looks like traditional German architecture on the outside and inside.
The ceilings are high and they are painted really nicely.
They have a stage for live bands too!
Seating is on large tables with benches just like you would expect in a Munich beer hall!
My BF and I came here on our last day in Vegas and I decided to treat him with the money I got from the machines!
What is really cool, and even impressive is that some of the food items are actually flown in from Germany!!!!
We had a large freshly flown in pretzel to start with and we found out that the red cabbage, bratwurst and sauerkraut are also flown in!!!!
We had the veal bratwurst, the chicken bratwurst and two beers.
Mine was a incredibly good special seasonal beer!
We also tried the apple strudel which was also flown in!
Everything was seriously very tasty!
This review, of course, is not truly complete since I did not get to be here during Oktoberfest!
The ambience here must be truly incredible when it is that time of year!
However, if this place gets five stars without all the excitement of Oktoberfest - it truly must be good and, trust me it is  Service was pretty good!
While you wait they give you interesting little newspapers with all kinds of information about the restaurant and its events.
Next time we come I will make sure we get to check out one of the live bands!
Expect to spend a great deal of what you win at the machines haha!
This place is not cheap!
I shelled out about $90 for two with tip included!
Parking is no problem as you would expect in most places in Vegas!
There is a large lot adjacent to the restaurant.

Wow!
Let me start off by saying be prepared for quite the experience!
I love Vegas because two of my favorite things are in one place!
Eating and Clubbing!
The Hofbrauhaus is a GREAT place for ridiculously delicious German food.
I had the schnitzel, because I mean, come on, you can't NOT get Schnitzel from a German restaurant.
When the plate came out, it was HUGE!
OMG!
Two people could have shared one and still had leftovers, it was that massive.
The schnitzel came with gravy and spatzle and my oh my, it was AMAZING!!
I've been to Germany and had Schnitzel, so this took me right back to Europe.
I'm so bummed that I couldn't eat the whole thing, but if you ever visit Vegas, this place is a must!!!
As for the experience I was talking about.
Seating is communal in the sense that their tables look like giant picnic tables where you can sit with your own party or join other groups of people.
The beer comes in these HUGE jars that are used for "Prost"-ing, which is the German term for "Cheers".
This act of saying cheers is slightly frightening when surrounded by a bunch of drunk people.
At the Hofbrauhaus, it's common for people to stand in their seats and when they "Prost" they slam their glasses together in the hopes of exchanging beer into each other's glass.
A forewarning, be prepared to leave drenched in beer with potential glass shards on your clothes.
When the energy level goes up in this place, it gets loud, rowdy, and chaotic!
In addition, when you order a shot of Jagermeister, after you take the shot, they use a large wooden paddle and, literally, spank you with it!
It's hilarious to watch after you've already had a few, but when you get paddled, don't expect to sit down right away!
With all that being said, if you're in Vegas and want the perfect place for a great time with great food and great company, this is most definitely the spot to hit!

The atmosphere at Hofbruhaus is good, but the food was not as good as its Munich joint.

Go go go - fun place to go.
Yes we all got are booties whacked for the shot.
Very friendly place.
I'm not a fan of German food really, but this was really good.
We tried the schnitzel which was yummy.
The lamb shank was delicious.
Lots of food so beware if you order an appetizer.
Just a fun place!

We wanted a fun casual restaurant with good beer and great pretzels...and this place delivers.
In addition, there was a live band playing German polka songs for the most part; a beautiful lady who will deliver spankings for a price; and a person who will also photograph your group (again for a price).
Food was good.....and service was friendly.
Large restaurant with 2 rooms - one where you sit at tables with other people closer to the band; and one in the garden area where you can sit just with people you want to sit with..  We opted for the garden area, but either would make for a fun evening.....  Prices are moderate.....we had a coupon for a free 10 ounce glass of beer and they were happy to honor it.

Yes, yes I am aware of the stigma.
This place is soooo touristy, but accept that shit.
Get over it, and start appreciating the bomb ass food and drink they serve!
I've come here twice.
Once for beer, which was great and fair priced for the quantity, and another time for the food.
We ordered the sampler tower that came with three tiers of food.
It was more than enough food to feed me and another person.
In actuality, the food is what really propels my rating of Hofbrauhaus to a five star.
The sauerkraut and red cabbage are amazing.
The spaetzle was especially fantastic.
Overall the food reminded me of what I would have gotten back in Germany (I studied there for a summer).
Truly amazing.
I believe this ran about $20?
So $10 for two.
My only gripe is with the waitress.
We had gone during the holiday season, and she kept trying to hustle us to buy merchandise.
Apparently the staff was having some type of competition.
She kept hard selling t-shirts, mugs, and everything else to us when we had told her we weren't interested at the very beginning.
It was actually very desperate and awkward.
After our final decline it looked like she was pissed and then indifferent to servicing us at all haha.
One of the stranger waitress experiences I've encountered in a very long time.
Nonetheless, that does not deter my phenomenal review of the food and beer.
Just work on the service, Hofbrauhaus...

OMGOSH!
This place is amazballz!
The beer was soo good, the schnitzel was to die for and the entertainment..well.. lets just say we were there for 4 hours and were entertained.
Spankings included.
:)  I also had a peak in the back indoor patio area.. it was soo cute and quaint.
Had a blast!
xoxox

The concept is great, long tables that you share with other parties, service was great, animation was really fun with all kind of live folkloric music and the whole crowd singing in a good mood.
The food was not outstanding but good.
I would go back there, it's fun.

Great atmosphere at this place.
Great Bavarian dishes to choose from.
The food was great, service was excellent, and giant beers help too.
A little pricey for me but you get what you paid for.
I highly recommend.

Had a great time.
They offered a great German eating experience that I have never been to before.

Having been to the Hofbrauhaus in Munich I was, uh, less than excited to be headed to this touristy knock off in Las Vegas.
I was way wrong!
Yes it is touristy and yes it is loud and crowded, but it was also a very fun!
There were 6 of us in our group and we all had a great time.
We started out with a pretzel and giant beers, well the pretzel was giant too now that I think about it...anyway, both were dee-lish.
I particularly liked the cheese spread and brown honey mustard dipping sauces that came with the pretzel.
I'm normally a fan of schnitzel, but I thought I'd try something different this time.
I went with the Sauerbraten (German pot roast) and while it was very tasty, the meat wasn't very tender at all.
Definitely not horrible, but I'll stick with the Jgerschnitzel next time.
Beer was flowing, shots were plentiful and a few in our group got spanked...literally...numerous times.
Don't be a snob like I was - just because something's a little touristy doesn't mean it can't be a good time.
I go to Vegas for work A LOT - I'd happily go to Hofbrau again if for no other reason than to forget about work for a minute.
And to grab a hot pretzel and cold beer of course.

You must come here if you come to Vegas.
Totally like a traditional beerhall in Germany.
Don't forget your shots!
You need to get spanked here.
This place is so much fun and the band gets you singing and enjoying your time even more.
You're compelled to meet your neighbors at your table and all have a great time.
I'll tell you this, if you are in a group, just get a few dishes, the portions are huge and the beer steins are HUGE.
If you are with one other person, get one dish.
Forget the whole touristy stigma of a beerhall in Vegas - you are in VEGAS!!!
Do It!!
Sing and drink and eat with your friends.
You will have the best time here.

My friends and I went on a Monday night.
We only had to wait about 2 minutes to be seated.
The restaurant seating is set up family style with multiple long picnic tables.
We luckily got a table to ourselves.
There was a live house band playing (very loudly) from the time we arrived till we departed.
I ordered Bavarian Liver Mousse & "Obazda" (Cheese Specialty) as an appetizer.
It was very good.
I would recommend ordering an extra pretzel because there is a good amount of liver mousse and Obazda.
For dinner I ordered Marjoram (Veal Bratwurst) which was amazing!
It comes with a side of red cabbage which was so tasty.
For desert I ordered Schwarzwalder Kirschtorte (Black Forest Chocolate Cake).
The plate was decorated so beautifully I almost didn't want to ruin it by digging in.
The cake was so rich I wish they had milk, but my water worked fine.
All in all the food was amazing.
The atmosphere is very upbeat and loud.
I almost forgot!
When you order a shot of Jagermeister your waitress or the Jager girl gets to spank you with a wooden paddle.
From the looks on the various guys who I witnessed getting spanked, it seemed to hurt.

A Mini Version of the Munich Hofbrauhaus where they actually fly the beer in.
It's like Oktoberfest every night.
I visit every time I visit Vegas and I'm never disappointed.
Liter German HB Beers are about $15 each and the food is imported and cooked up by German Chefs.
There's usually a live band with great music and usually some folks dancing about.
You owe it to yourself not to waste your money on the haughty over priced places on the strip and splurge a little here instead.

The Hofbrauhaus is a great place to bring your friends or your naughty kids.
My friends and I were on an all guys trip to Vegas and on our last night we decided to check this place out.
We had no reservations, but within one hour, we were able to make a reservation via open table, and get seated.
I was impressed because there were 10 of us and it was a Saturday night.
As soon as we get there I was overwhelmed with the   The ENVIRONMENT is huge!
They have a live band at the very front and the decor is great.
Very German/Oktoberfestish.
All seating is on wooden picnic bench style seats.
One thing to keep in mind is the noise.
It's really loud when a band is playing.
So loud that we had to pretty much yell at each other to have a conversation.
However, just because it's loud, it doesn't mean you can fart at will.
You have to remember that its picnic bench style seating and your friends will still feel the vibration.
The FOOD here was satisfactory IMO.
I asked our server for his recommendation and he suggested the Jagerschnitzel.
It's a pork cutlet with bacon and onions covered in mushroom sauce.
Plate also comes with cranberries and Spatzle which is a German noodle.
The Spatzle taste like macaroni.
The pork was a little gristly for me but the overall blend of everything on the plate was pretty good.
The BEER tasted great and was so refreshing.
Since we were there in October the seasonal beer was the famous Oktoberfest.
All their beers are brewed and imported from Munich Germany.
We all ordered our beers in that huge beer mug that you can serve rootbeer floats in.
It was so good that I wanted another but the night was young and that one mug already had me feelin pretty good.
SPANKING SERVICE - While we were waiting for our food this lady AKA The Jager Girl came to our table and asked us if we wanted a Jager shot.
She didn't say how much and we didn't care to ask at the time because we wanted one of our friends who never drinks and is really shy to get loose.
So a few of us bought shots for him.
We didn't realize that you get spanked for every shot you take.
He took it well and we later found out that each shot was only 5 dollars.
So then we all decided to get one.
The actual SERVICE of the restaurant was pretty good as well.
They checked on us quite a bit and our food was brought out in a timely manner.
Overall, it was a great experience.
Solid 4 stars for me.

For me, the main bonus of staying so off the Strip at the Hard Rock was how close the Hofbrauhaus was.
While living in Germany, this was a main stop for giant beers and plates of schnitzel.
It was nice to relive that experience at the Hofbrauhaus Las Vegas and we even got sat with a boisterous man from Munich at one of the many communal tables.
We didn't get the big beers but I forgot how much I loved the HB Hefeweizen.
The only downside for me was the "German" potato salad which was much less German and more backyard American barbecue.
I was really looking forward to it but ended up disappointed.
Despite that one hiccup, we had a good time and after going from one smokey casino to the next, I really appreciated the smoke free environment.

Even though I've been to Vegas many times, I'd never heard or been to the Hofbrauhaus, until now.
I wouldn't say this is a place for everyone.
However, if you're like me where you love dive bars and you love beer (huge steins of beer!
), than you will LOVE this place!
The food kind of sucked, some of the worst wurst I've had in my life (and it looked gross too), but forget about that.
It's all about the beer... the giant steins of beer... and getting wasted enough to get spanked with a wooden paddle (warning, the more diesel you look, the harder you'll get wacked)...it's about doing the chicken dance (my favorite!
) and singing along to classics like Sweet Caroline.
YES, a good ol time indeed!

If you like beer, broads and loud music, this place is for you.
I am on a health kick so my food options were limited but my fried fish was soo soo okay.
the potatoe salad was a little unlike the mexican picnic blend i grew up on but not bad.
The rowdyness of the place and the fact that nice looking broads go around swatting the patrons is cool and fun if you are into that kind of thing.
My friends did not say much about the sausage and stuff, but they sure seemed to like the beer.
Great fun - great atmosphere.
Huge place for huge crowds and loud drinking folks!

BEWARE DAS BOOT (and the manager)  So HBH sells beers in boots.
Pretty awesome and I wanted one.
Friends and I ordered them and 5 minutes later we get slips of paper saying "we acknowledge beer is sold separately.
" Looked at the menu, and sure enough the dumb plastic boots are 20 bucks.
Definitely did not see that on the menu, nor was I interested in squeezing a plastic boot in my carry on.
I told the waiter we did not want the boot, we had made the mistake, we were very sorry, but we wanted our beer poured into glass steins that we did not have to buy.
FIRST, I fully acknowledge the mistake was mine.
What I don't agree with OR appreciate was what the manager did afterwards.
He came over, and anticipating an apology for the confusion, instead got a guilt trip from the fact that they can't reuse the 2 boots he had poured and had to "eat the cost.
" THEY'RE MADE IN CHINA!
How much can they cost?
5 cents each?
He even awkwardly paused like I was going to jump in and offer to pay for them.
Haven't been a restaurant manager before, but I don't think "make the customer feel guilty in hopes they pay for wasted product" is part of the restaurant manual.

We have been there twice now, once for lunch a few years ago and just recently for dinner.
The food is very good and the beer is excellent.
This last time the musicians were there and they provided a fun and entertaining evening.
We would go back again and recommend this venue.

ZIIGGGY ZIGGGY ZIGGGY Oi Oi Oi!
We had a pharmacy gathering here for oktoberfest & it was amazing.
I ordered desserts as always & it tasted amazing!
I ordered a three-tier dessert and each tier was very different.
I dont recall what they were cause I was pretty buzzzzz from the beer, but I remembering enjoying them.
I have tried their salads & pretzels.
The salads and pretzels are my favorites and it is a must try.
The place does get noisy and rowdy, but that makes the place even crazier and fun.
Overall, the service was good, our waitress was very friendly and made sure we had our orders correctly and would come back here again!

I went to the original Hofbrauhaus in Europe and thought it was a giant tourist trap...well it's even more of a tourist trap here!
Let's play the adjective game: oom-pah filled kitschy super-loud brown creamy sauce-y (Have to make it an adjective) WTF...what's going on with those spankings?
(not an adjective)  Ok, so I'm experiencing a classic Vegas moment of cognitive dissonance...something I know (and don't quite love) from Europe has been transported via the Starship Enterprise to be adjacent to my hotel in Vegas.
I can see how this place could be fun, but really?
Is there where you come in Vegas?
The Food: Food is standard German fare, and it was acceptable but nothing special.
Sausages, spaetlzle, sauerkraut, big cuts of meat in brown creamy sauce.
It's served promptly and without any circumstance.
The Beer: Well, they have the basic Hofbrauhaus beers: light, dark, a few seasonals.
Prices top actual Oktoberfest prices by quite a bit...they even make Canada and NYC seem cheap.
The Germans are not imaginative with their beer styles, but what they do, they do well.
The Atmosphere: Loud!
It's this strange super-new looking version of what is a very old establishment in Germany.
They have an oom-pah band going which they seem to have imported, however, they're quite hard to make out because the sound system is poor.
The crowd is a little bit rowdy.
You even see some real Germans there, well, because they like to eat German food when they travel.
The Weird: Whack!
Is that middle-aged, fat business man being spanked by the waitress?
WTF?
They have this uber-strange practice here, in which a busty  "shot girl" comes over, sells you a shot, and gives you a very loud whack with a wooden paddle.
This is apparently their Las Vegas twist on the Hofbrauhaus...super strange!
This is not a German tradition, in any way, shape, or form.
It was kind of creepy seeing groups of drunken middle-aged men bending over to get spanked in public.
They even sell T-Shirts that announce "I've been spanked at the Hofbrauhaus"  Ok, so I can see how this is something you might enjoy, but I, for one, can certainly skip it.

I used to enjoy this place.
Unfortunately the cute waitresses and ambiance has gone by the wayside.
The DJ on my Saturday Night(I'm still sitting at the table) hosted 2 ridiculous contests which were preceded by 30 minute idiotic monologues...The band barely played, and the spankings were the only highlight.
The guy on the mic should go back to OG's to call Destiny to the stage...

Make sure you get Apple Schnapps and get a spanking to go  with it!
Came for my 25th birthday and had the best night of my life!
If you love beer this is the place to be, had a liter of Dunkel and tasted like it was straight from Bavaria

Not bad: feels very much like the Munich original (albeit that is a little tourist kitsch itself).
Be aware that means quite a noisy environment, and communal tables.
But the service was good, the Jagerschnitzel and Spatzl I choose were generously proportioned and well prepared, and the beer was fine.

So I came here with a group of friends and it did not disappoint.
They have a live band that is flown in and the food is good.
If you haven't figured it out, it's pretty much German food, so if you're into heavy meats, this is the place to go.
Why 4/5 stars?
We'll its a little bit on the pricy side ($20-$30) and it kind of took a while to get there.
Maybe I was hungry but it just seemed like a while.
It also gets pretty packed so make sure you make a reservation to save some time.
Luckily for us, we did!

Another gem off the strip in Vegas.
Wonderful food!
Wonderful atmosphere!
and wonderful service.
One of the most unusual places in Vegas and I am a regular from the east coast that goes out 2-3 times per year.
Would recommend this to anyone but especially a large group.
What fun!

Good atmosphere, good food!

Excellent food but it can be very loud.
The entertainment is great with just one man performing for quite a while.
I've been to Germany and the Hofbruhaus Platte is quite possibly better than anything I had while there.
If you like good German food, make this a stop on your list.

Munich via Vegas.
Totally legit.
Loud, obnoxious, happy and fun----Oktoberfest every day.
5 stars because they have kartoffelknodel, which is (ironically) very difficult to find at german restaurants these days.
Food is on par with ...well, Germany.
Parents: this place is fine for kids (they enjoy the energy), but it's entirely too noisy here for infants.
Don't be idiots.

amazing atmosphere & service!

We stayed near the strip for my husband's birthday so I wanted to go to a place we wouldn't normally go to.
I chose about 3 to 4 possibilities.
My husband liked the idea of eating at Hofbrauhaus so we decided to give it a try even though I knew this place is better for big groups.
We walked in to people on the table with their beer in hand singing their hearts out!
I thought "Oh cool!
" .
I was secretly glad the hostess led us to the quieter beer garden though.
I just wanted a semi peaceful evening!
It was a nice size space and it looked like we were sitting outside.
The ceiling was painted with a beautiful blue sky and there were cute  lanterns hovering around us.
They also have freelance photographers who walk around offering to take souvenir photos of you .
We bought one since we were celebrating Jon's birthday.
If sentimental gestures are not your thing they have shot girls who will give you shots while smacking your bottom with a wooden paddle!
Some of the ladies really get into it they kind of do a three step jog then swing!
We were fine just watching.
It was pretty entertaining to watch while you wait for your food.
The food comes out really quick so there isn't really a wait time.
I was pleasantly  surprised because the place was packed.
We started off with the Creamy Bavarian Potato soup.
It was too salty for me so I just had a couple of spoons of it.
We also ordered the Jumbo Complete which was a big pretzel served with "Obatzer" cheese, sweet mustard and onion mustard.
The sweet mustard was my favorite!
The pretzel was also too salty for me so I just tried to avoid eating the outside of the pretzel.
I had the Schnitzel Wiener Art for my main entree .
It is a breaded pork cutlet that is served with Bavarian potato salad and cranberry sauce.
It looked like a big chicken patty.
The taste was okay but I think I would have liked it better if I dipped it in the mustard rather than the cranberry sauce.
The potato salad I was expecting to taste amazing because they specialize in this type of cuisine but it was unremarkable.
The strudel is amazing here though!
It was so soft and tasted wonderful!
This is a nice place to go out with friends and have a few beers.
I would go back again but I would order different items off the menu.
I would keep my dessert the same though!

While having a stay-cation, my boyfriend and I walked around the area.
He had never been to Hard Rock so we walked over from the strip.
I have always wanted to go to the Hofbrauhaus and so when we were over we had to stop in.
We sat down at the bar they have outside the restaurant and he got the hefeweizen and I just got their lager.
I loved the baby mug (10oz or .3L) that I got.
I have to go back one day after work and buy like 2 of them.
I have issues with these baby mugs!
The lager was good and light but I taste the hefeweizen and about had a heart attack!
It was the best hefeweizen I have ever tasted.
My boyfriend was going over the food and was drooling.
He hasn't had German food since he was there so we made reservations to come back that night.
We came back at 7pm and were seated right away.
Ordered each of us a liter of hefeweizen and pretzel and brie cheese app.
OMG the brie cheese concoction, delicious!!!
I just wanted to eat it alone it was sooooo good.
We shared the 3 different sausage plate which came with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.
We also ordered potato salad.
German potato salad is different, more vinegar, but still yummy.
The sausage was good too, one was my favorite but don't remember what was in it.
The food came out fast and the waitress are friendly even with crazy drunks around.
While we were eating they had a band playing traditional German music and also some American.
They had girls going around spanking people, had a beer holding contest (1 Liter, not easy) and just a great time.
We have plans to go back again!!!
I need some hefeweizen!!

Just not my cup of tea.
Food wasn't very good either and was pretty expensive.
Communal dining isn't for me

Great service, excellent beer, and the food is hard to beat!
Recommended!

If you're looking for a fun dinner place that is not too expensive, Hofbrauhaus is definitely a place to check out.
I came here with my family the first day of our Vegas trip.
The atmosphere is lively, with live bands and a paddle lady (and yes, you order the right drink you get a paddlin').
The beers are good, and if you choose, HUGE.
The food is typical German food, very tasty.
The only downside is that it is off the strip, so if you're not staying at the Hard Rock, you'll need a cab to get there.

this place is a blast!
like being in Munich all year...we celebrate alot of occasions here and always fun..good food..

If you LOVE  beer this is the place to go!
I am not into drinking gallons of beer, nor standing on tables singing at the top of my lungs, and definitely not into sharing my table with people who are!
That said, the food is just ok - could be more on that plate for being so overpriced!
I love German food and can cook it better in my own kitchen.
And, what's with that spanking?
Ridiculous!
Keep it in the bedroom not by my dinner plate!
BUT, if you are that frat  boy breaking out as an adult and feel the need to express yourself while making an a** of yourself in public, then this is the place for you!
Fun, fun, fun!
OM PA OM PA!

I don't care that this is a chain restaurant, everything from the venue, to the food, to the waitresses screams authentic to me.
The high ceilings, communal tables and benches, live German music make this spot ideal for a family out for lunch, or a group of friends looking to get sloshed and spanked on the butt (which they will do when you order a shot of schnapps, oh yeah!
)  I've had German food, but not in Germany, so it would be quite difficult for me to review the meal.
It boiled down to personal preferences for me..
I prefer my sauerkraut cold, not warm, and I prefer my schnitzel not to taste too.. "porky".
So if you aren't a full-blooded Bavarian chap, I suggest you stick to the sausages and steaks.
The apfelstrudel is really good with extra vanilla ice cream :)    P.S.
If you you aren't feeling the communal main dining hall or the beautiful beer garten with blue skies, there's a tiny sports bar by the entrance where you can watch sports and still enjoy the bier.

This place is really dark and noisy!
Great if you're looking to have fun and party with some friends!
The beer is awesome and come in gigantic mugs the size of my head.
I had the vegan sausage which was alright!
It was a fun first experience but I would probably never return unless my friends begged.
Also I think you could pay to be spanked with a paddle!
I told you it's a good time ;P This place is a go for a good time, but a no for good German food.

Hofbrauhaus is located off the strip, with good beer and decent food.
Beer is served ice cold in a giant frosty mug, there are communal tables so you get to know your neighbor if the place is crowded.
Overall I wasn't impressed with the food, but the atmosphere and beer were good.
I would return next time I am in Vegas.

Simple German food in a great environment.
Great service and music entertainment.
The food, being what it is, is quite bland for the American palate, so you should know that going in.
The big downfall of this place is the ridiculous almost crazy prices.
The prices here are not just a bit over, they are NUTS.
Absolutely downright madness...even in a city where things are expensive.
(I don't recall the Hofbrauhaus outside of Cincy being this bloated in price.
) 19$ for a plate of fried fish (and gross, super cheap Tilapia on top of that), 16$ for a couple chicken sausages...The beer is also pricey but not as off as the food.
13.99 for a pretzel and some side fixings.
Yes it was a giant pretzel, but that is ridonkulous that it's so ridiculous.
I'd say come here for a beer, share a pretzel or an entree and scoot if you REALLY want to come here.
Otherwise you will spend a boatload on very simply flavored food!

I have been going to the original Hofbrauhaus since the 80's, and when I heard about the one in Vegas, I was a bit dubious, but I must say, it is very authentic.
I lived in Munich for several years, and yes, while the Hofbrauhaus is very touristy, I still go there and enjoy the food, beer and ambiance.
I find the Vegas branch sometimes tries a little too hard to be like the original, but the customers always seem to have a good time, and if I want a bit of peace, I will sit in the bar and eat there.
The beer is absolutely like the beer in German, the pretzels are great and the bratwurst, while not perfect, are still outstanding.
My favorite beer is the Hefeweizen, hard to find the real stuff in the USA.
I highly recommend this place to get your fix of Bavaria.

Very interesting place!
Nothing on the menu was enticing but then I am not that big at eating german food!
Looked very authentic and the beer was "so so"!
Wait staff lacked customer service quality!
I ended up ordering just fries and a 1/2 liter beer!
Fries were way to greasy and topped with some chive like substance.
Not a place I would return to!

Yeah baby, this is as good as it gets (at least this side of Munich).
Great food, beer and gemuetlichkeit.
It's the happiest place in Las Vegas.
Of course afterwards you feel drunk and over ate to a point where you might throw up, but it's all worth the trip.
I wanna go back so bad..............

This place was a must-stop on our Vegas trip as my husband lived in Germany and we are both addicted to Wurst.
We knew exactly what to get (having eaten the authentic versions) and ordered the Nuernberger Wurst and the Muenchner (Munich) Weisswurst and we were pretty pleased with the results.
I would say the Nuernburger was better, and was served with more filling and delicious side dishes (sauerkraut and mashed potatoes) that both tasted pretty authentic.
Although the Weisswurst came with the sweet mustard (to die for) the only other thing on the plate was some garnish and a pretzel.
Another person at the table got the Frankfurter sausage and, quite honestly, it looked just like a hot dog.
Go with the Nuernberger or the Muenchner if you are going to get sausage.
My only complaint was the noise level.
Once we walked through the doors into the restaurant area, we were immediately blasted with 100 drunk people yelling.
How this place is listed as good for children, I have no idea.
Bad idea.
Too loud, too many drunk people, a lot of spanking and cleavage everywhere you look.

Very fun place, great for groups, a little hard to hear if on a date, but very lively and fully of the usualy Germna energy.
Very Similar to the Original in Munich, which I've been to a few times.Good German Music, good beer, good pretzels.
I have been a couple times now, and would recommend just sampling appetizers and beers.
I always rate german places based on the snitchel, and this one wasn't that good.
I think is was too light and baked, not fried.
--RibChamp

This was an awesome experience, I've never been to any place like this, and have never been so exposed to the German culture.
Tons of fun, food was good, beer can get expensive because its $15 to buy a liter...
But it's very good beer and well worth it.

Zum Glck gibt es das Hofbruhaus in LV.
Jeder der aus Deutschland kommt hat nach 3 Tagen Bud,Bud light, Budweiser oder die ganze andere Plrre die man als Bier verkauft bekommt dermaen Ransenblitzen, so dass ein Weg ins gelobte Hofbruhaus unausweichlich ist.
Das Bier ist lecker die Speisen durchweg schmackhaft die Bedienungen auf Zack und der Preis angemessen.Wenn man aber bedenkt dass man in den Hotels auf dem Strip zwischen 8 und 9 Bucks hinblttern muss um etwas zu bekommen auf dem Beer steht aber schmeckt wie geschwollene Fe, dannist das Bier im Hofbruhaus recht gnstig.
Auf jeden Fall ist es zu empfehlen!

Decided to give this place a try this trip into Vegas, having been to the original location in Munich on one of our trips to Europe.
There are definitely aspects of this place that reminds me of the Munich hofbrauhaus, the decor, the band, the costumes and the booze.
but here they offer 0.3 and 0.5L sizes in addition to the original 1L size for the beer.
Now for whats different: They have girls giving out "free" jger shots, for which they get to smack Ur ass with a paddle...HARD.
That was definitely a Vegas-y touch.
But the beer and food were pretty good, almost as good as in Deuchland :) .

Amazing German food and beer!!!!
The atmosphere is awesome with a live German band and people having fun.
Hard to find German beer is my favorite I order a dunked and a lemonade drink half the dunked and dump the lemon into the other half it's so good.
And make sure you by a shot while your there it's a must

The food was decent.
The place is pretty noisey.
So if you're looking for a place for a quiet conversation, this is not the place to go.
It's a place to bring a group of friends to drink beer.
I had the sausage and it was smaller than I expected.
But what I didn't like was the service.
It took a really longtime to order, get the food, get refills on my drink, to get the bill, and also to get change from the bill.
It was just ridiculous.
If I come here next time I'll make sure that I have plenty of time to waste because the service is just really slow.

Eat, drink, and be merry... mostly drink!!
It's a Bavarian beer wonderland.
Tickey tockey, tickey tockey, Prost Prost Prost!
The brew band is a lot of fun with hits like the 'Don't forget to drink' song and 'It's time to drink'.
The beer and food is yum yum in the tum tum.
Be warned though, the food is quite rich & heavy.
You'll notice the Jagermeister shot girls working the floor.
Apparently if you opt to do a Jager shot with these gals they'll spank you with a vented paddle that reminds me a frat house spanking stick.
Some of the girls gave folks a gentle little pat pat, and then there were others who really wound up and whacked the crap out of their customers.
So if you plan to partake in the Jagers & spankings, you might want to strategically select your shot gal.
Use caution in the parking lot, as there are a lot of panhandlers.

We came in on a wednesday afternoon and wanted to get some beers and snacks.
I was surprised that they only had three beers, but I guess that's just the Hofbrauhaus way.
I had wanted to try a range of German beers, but three was what we had to choose from.
The wheat was probably the best, but nothing to come back for.
We got this great food sampler the server recommended for us.
Two pretzels, two mustards, tons fo sauerkraut, and maybe 5 or 6 different sausages.
The pretzels did not taste super fresh, but were quite good.
The sausages were amazing.
All in all, I don't feel a need to return, which is a shame, but it was a fun experience and I would recommend trying it if you haven't.

The atmosphere is what brought us in, and did not disappoint.
Very well decorated and servers in authentic costumes.
That's where the good stuff ends...
Signed up online for the newsletter to get a free beer coupon.
They needed the paper coupon, not just the email on my phone, so coupon not honored.
Who has a printer when visiting Vegas?
Server said we wouldn't want it anyways because its only a tiny free beer.
The heffe beer was good, but not $8 a beer good.
We wanted to order the lunch special of the day, but server said lunch ended at 4:00... We had to point out it was 3:50 and server was not happy.
Server was not very happy or enthusiastic about anything.
2 beers, a pretzel, and a salad = $54.
That's pricey, even for Vegas... And its not on the strip, so add $20 in cab fare.
I'll pass next time.

Geez..
Some uptight people here.
Yes, it's a tourist trap.
Are you expecting world renown chefs from GERMANY to be cooking here?
Ugghh..
It's all about fun, food, beer and atmosphere.
It's loud and fun and expensive.
I don't make a habit of going every week but maybe every few years.
Always good food, happy beer girls and laughs abound!
-- Geez, people.. Lighten up!
My 2 year old loves this place!
He literally told me "i love it, Mama", when I fed him my roast beef.

I really enjoyed the jovial atmosphere here and the food is solid.
I had the sausage served with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut.
Some of the sausages were great but others were just OK.
The sauerkraut though was just beautiful.
I'd call it new sauerkraut because it was less fermented than normal which made it very pleasant to eat on its own.
I think the food is reasonably priced, expect $20 an entree, given the added cost of the semi elaborate accompanying atmosphere.
Now while the atmosphere was fun, I'd prefer if the live music matched the theme of the restaurant a bit more.
Hearing songs like the U.S. national anthem and other U.S. classics was kind of odd in a place this strongly German themed.
The beers were great, and the waitresses gave out incredibly entertaining paddle spankings with the purchase of a shot.
It's fun!
-- but it could be better.

The food is good and service has always been great.
You must have the beers to have a complete experience.

This review is based solely on the really good Vegan Frankfurters they have here.
First off, that was a surprise, to see they even had a Vegetarian section that also had Frankfurters!
And were they good; they come with a tangy curry and a side of fries (you can sub for a salad if you want).
Spidey and I came here to try out another German restaurant, and this one always comes up, so we thought, why not?
The inside is made out to look like a German hall, complete with long tables were you are forced to sit close to strangers.
It's a very nice place, very open and bright, but I can see that when they get busy, it would be very crowded.
As it was a weekday afternoon, there weren't that many people there.
So we got the radish dish to start, which is a work of art.
They give you a mound of spiral radish and ones shaped like flowers amongst slices of buttered bread with chives.
Really good.
Spidey got some meat smothered in gravy with a dumpling that she really liked.
For dessert we got the apple strudel and the black forest cake, all very good.
The food was good, but the service lacked a lot here.
Like I stated before, there were not many people here (less than 20) but we were there for well over 2 hours, waiting mostly for our things.
The dessert was the worst part, because our waitress came over and asked if we had gotten it yet.
No.
We had not.
So she had to go and get it, which took a very long time.
I would go back just to have the vegan furters again, but other than that, I wouldn't.

At first, when I saw the $14 price for a hamburger, that was quite a sticker shock.
I decided to go with it because the waitress insisted it was a very large portion.
She did not exaggerate.
It's not quite $14 worth of hamburger (I have had that, and this aint it), but it is a very high quality hamburger at a very generous size.
Factor the extra you're paying toward the experience as you watch drunken idiots get spanked by a wooden paddle (not kidding).

If you judge this place based on the atmosphere of the original location in Munich, this place actually does a pretty good job.
Parking is available in the back, but the lot isn't the biggest.
We ended up parking at the Hyatt next door (signage seemed to indicate it was allowed but I can't be sure).
While waiting in front, there's a bar area where you can chill over a beer or two, or browse the souvenir shop.
The main dining room of this location is noticeably smaller than its German big brother, but they did a lot of work painting the interior to match the real deal.
Special mention goes to the ceiling artwork.
The back of the hall has an "outdoor" dining room that is quite stunning.
It's fully indoors, but the sky-painted ceilings and decor really make you think you're dining on a patio.
This outdoor room is reserved for special occasions though.
There was a football match the day we went, so they had TVs wheeled out.
There's this one guy hired to play the alpenhorn, and he was go around making sure everyone was slightly drunk and happy.
Not the same as the real band in Munich, but he kept us all amused.
Beers are available in 0.3L, 0.5L, and 1.0L varieties.
Hopefully you know your metric.
One great thing about weissbier (wheat beer) is that it goes down easy.
There are different varieties for you to try as well.
And for the most authentic experience, you obviously want the biggest glass.
I don't even think they have the smaller ones in Germany, but that was a few years back.
Food is quite delightful and quite authentic, but not for everyone.
Many of the foods are pickled.
The sausages were decent but a bit on the mushy side.
But I really enjoyed their pickled beet salad (mush?
) and sauerkraut - both quite good.
Service was prompt and very friendly.
Wi-Fi is available, but it was quite spotty.
The only thing is that this place can get pricey really quickly.
At some $20 a dish and $10 for a beer, you can see how this can get expensive if you have a family.
Of course, at the end, be sure to swing by the souvenir shop if you didn't do so at the beginning.
Much of the swag doesn't say "Las Vegas" on it, so if you wanted to trick someone into thinking you went to Germany..
Overall, a fun time.
Not exactly what you'd experience as a tacky tourist in Germany, but actually quite close.

Me and my beer and wine friends went to vegas last summer for july.
We drove out  to vegas to get a bite to eat and some good brew.
Friends mentioned a german beer house.
Unbelievable party spot!!!!
This is a place to eat, drink and be merry  _____________________________ Staff treated us with upbeat attitude.
A must visit while in vegas.

Awesome place, bring a group of people and have fun.
Awesome food / great beer!

Good sausages and food in general.
Not spectacular but good.
Professional service.
Terribly limited selection of beers.
And the few available are not so good.
Not so great dessert options, and the few available are not so great.
So expensive compared to what you get!
Overall this place is fine.
Not bad, not great, just fine

Delicious German food, and a friendly staff.
I'm not that big of a fan on German food to begin with, but me and a friend went here to get back to our roots and try the taste of Germany.
The prices were a bit high, but being by the strip it's to be expected.

This place has a festive environment and tasty beer but the food is rather poor.
I would not come back to eat here but simply to enjoy the ambiance of the crowd.

Good food and very attentive staff.
I agree with other reviewers, though.
The prices are steep for what you're getting and the beer options could be more diverse than light, medium and dark.

Great atmosphere.. Lots of fun, .. Do not go for the food, not worth the money, or the disappointment on the palate..

Do not come here with a group of more than 4.
They don't know how to take a reservation.
We called ahead for a group of 15 and in the end they could not seat us all.
However they didn't tell us this until 3/4th of our group was already seated and drinking beer.
They basically told us too bad, we don't have the seats for your other guests.
How do you tell 5 friends that they don't have seats for them after making a reservations and plans all day to drink and eat here?!?!
I am very disappointed and will not be giving them any further business.
Do not bring your large group here.
Go elsewhere an have a good time.

Great all around experience!
I'm half Germany so they do a great job at bringing oktoberfest to vegas everyday.
My food was really good and the pretzels are AMAZING!
Not a huge fan of german beer so it would be nice for them to offer something else for the people that don't drink german beer.
Whatever you do don't order the vienna sausage meal...its a couple hot dogs in a bowl of water.
The entertainment value and the pretzels are what keeps me going back.

Before coming here, there was a strong debate between the couple taking me.
They were debating whether or not it was an appropriate place to take their pastor.
For this young pastor from the midwest, the answer is absolutely!
(Remember, pastors are people too)  The "town hall" atmosphere was really fun and kitschy and I loved all of the interaction between the staff and the diners.
It was loud, crazy, German, and way too much fun!
The food was also very good and hit that comfort zone.
Anytime that I can have pretzels and beer is a solid day!
ziggy zaggy, ziggy zaggy, oi, oi, oi!

What a fun place.
Good German food, and pints of beer!
If you can't get to Germany, then you need to check this place out.
The waitresses wear the bar maid outfits, and are very fun and friendly.
The community tables also make it fun.

I moved to the United States from The Fatherland in 1973 and was raised on German food.
Time and time again I crave the taste of Germany and the Hofbrauhaus makes a noble attempt.
All in all the food is good but it is lacking a little in flavor.
The staff did a good job.
As expected, the beer was good and the entertainment was, well, entertaining.

Awesome place to enjoy some great German beer and traditional foods, all in a rowdy German atmostphere.
The food is good but a little expensive and overpriced.
Fast service and live entertainment were the best parts and you can get beers in 1 liter mugs.
Music is a little loud though so this isn't the best place to have a business meeting or important conversation

The food was pretty good, certainly not to the standard of the real Hofbruhaus in Munich, Germany.
The first day we went for lunch, the band played German music giving the place that Bavarian festive atmosphere.
Really fun.
We went back two days later at night.
How disappointing.
The same band was playing American music, catering to the myriads of drunks.
I guess that's what they are supposed to do - get customers to drink beer, but the Bavarian feel was gone.
Had we known that, we could have gone to eat somewhere we could have enjoyed it.
Nicht gut!

Hofbrauhaus used to be a hidden gem in Vegas, simply because it was off strip, but now it's getting quite popular.
The food is great and filling, the perfect food to down a few beers with and prepare yourself for Vegas fun.
The atmosphere is also really lively.
It reminds me of a large cafeteria, and there's entertainment.
And the staff is very nice.
If you're looking for something away from the strip, I'd come here.

It's a huge room (2 big rooms, actually) with huge German beers (and draft German beer = awesome tastiness).
The "indoor" room has the bandstand, so that's where the party is.
The "outdoor" (standard LV sky painted ceiling) has a working fountain and balcony, which look nice.
A great overflow/quiet room to escape any nuttiness in the main room.
And let's be clear, this is Vegas (and America), so it's super fake and non-authentic (think Venetian), but it tries, the beer is awesome, and the food is good enough, so I'd be back.
If you think you'll be transported to Munich, take another look at the map and come back to Earth.
Went on a Saturday afternoon with the wife and the daytime solo act was one of the best one-man shows I've seen in a while.
Funny, musical, interactive.
Oh, and toasts drinking often, in case you needed a reason.
Folks are looking to have fun and talk with each other (i.e., not a normal American bar), so that's a huge plus.
I'll be back here again on a weekend night to try it out--yeah, it's that worth it.
As for the food, the schnitzel isn't breaded (?!
) and they charge for extra Jaeger sauce, which is stupid, but the spaetzle isn't bad and the Wien Wuerstl (Vienna sausage) is spot-on (with that special German snap).
The black forest cake is horrid, more like a Devil's food cake with a couple cherries, so avoid that at all costs.

I can't believe this place got good reviews.
I was served a cold, stale pretzel.
The bartender had his back to the bar almost the entire time I was there(over an hour).
I didn't even bother getting an entree like I planned.
I managed only 1 beer and a stale pretzel for the 1.5 hours I was there because the bartender was non-existent.
Pathetic.

Great German Food close to the Hard Rock hotel.

Ridiculously overpriced and the damn band plays country music.
(aside from the obligatory Ein Prosit every half hour).
They'll put their matterhorn on your table and get pissed off if you don't put money on it.
So pushy, fake, and overpriced.
Basically a microcosm of Vegas.

Had the pleasure of meeting  Klaus and his family last night while having a rocking feast at the Hofbrauhaus.
Now for those who have been to the original in Munich, don't expect the same experience.
The Munich one has been around for a long time and is both a local hangout and a tourist attraction plus the beer isn't quite the same.
Still The LV version provides a taste of the german brew house.
The pretzels are unique to the area and bigger than your head.
The schnitzel is excellent and the portions large.
The beer pricing is reasonable and it is always fun to waive a liter of beer around.
The band always gets the crowd up on the tables and the servers are friendly.
Watch out for the paddle!!!
Great place just across from the HRH in an area that is starting to get a late night crowd as more pubs open nearby.
There is free valet parking (tip those guys, they work hard) or you can park for free at the hotel next door.

The most authentic German bar I've ever been to.
The decor resembles Munich's famous Hofbrauhaus, for sure.
While the Vegas climate is too hot to mimic a traditional biergarden, they have a beer hall inside, surrounded by a landscaped indoor biergarden, as well as more drinking rooms.
This location obviously caters to tourists.
It's across from HRH and UNLV, so the crowd here is typically younger.
They import their beers from Munich.
I believe they even brew some on-site.
The food was good, but my only complaint was it was very Americanized.
Last I checked, fries were not part of German cuisine.
If you buy a shirt, you can get paddled.
I got paddled and it was AWESOME.
The only downside was the price.
$30 for a sandwich and a large beer?
I'll pass on that.
But it's Vegas, so you can make an exception for Hofbrauhaus.

The beer here was pretty tasty.
The meal I had, though super yummy and a large portion, was not worth the amount I paid.
The music was DEAFENING, the service was slightly lacking  (confusion with the orders, no split check, unhelpful) and overall experience was meh.

We had a lot of fun here for my grandma's 75th birthday!
The musicians were GREAT and created such a fun atmosphere!
Everything we ordered was delicious, and the service was fast and very helpful.
As locals, we can't wait to have more visitors just to bring them here!
This spot has definitely become one of our favorite places to visit in Vegas.

Many tasty looking things on the menu.
Unfortunately items are seemingly randomly paired with "fixed" sides and substitutions are not allowed.
For instance, if you don't like potato salad you will be expected to have the potato salad "held" from your plate and pay $4.99 for a different side.
All sides are listed as $4.99, including the one you just had "held" from your plate, so why refuse to be accommodating to a customer who is already paying $19.99 for a lunch entree?
This is especially difficult at a place where most of the sides are like it or leave it options like red cabbage and sauerkraut.
I couldn't find two options that looked appetizing so I watched the rest of my party eat and sipped my water.
My husband ordered the 306 and was underwhelmed.
We ended up spending $7 for my daughter to eat a dry pretzel after they tacked on a $4 upcharge for cheese she couldn't stand.
Their Radler is mixed with Sierra Mist, which is close to heresy.
All of this from a girl who was born in Germany and loved the food.
This place is a tourist trap with good beer.

I LOVE this place!
The food, environment, service, beer, band...everything - always amazing!
I highly recommend stopping in when you're in the area!

This place is so much fun.
Everybody is drinking gigantic beers and the german food is delicious.
You pay a little extra but its worth it because the atmosphere is great.
Also, if you order a shot of jager, they will paddle you.
Seriously.
And it hurts so good

The decor was fun and the beer was good.
The costumes were entertaining and the atmosphere was enjoyable.
My waitress was attentive and nice.
Overall it was a fun evening and I had a good time.
I would go back to this restaurant with a group of friends but the volume is high enough that I would avoid taking anyone I wanted to have a good conversation with.
That said there were some issues.
First:  The music when we showed up was really fun.
It wasn't authentic seeming but it was good party music.
They did have a little tribute with an alphorn that the band members carried from table to table.
Then the band took a break and when they came back the music style swapped from accordions to guitars and they began playing music that really did not fit the pre-break atmosphere.
I also felt it was inappropriate when they asked everyone to stand for the national anthem, it is not Veteran's day or Memorial day and I did not go to a Bavarian/German restaurant to be invaded by US politics.
Really....if you're gonna play an anthem, at least play one from Germany.
Second:  The food was mediocre at best.
There was very little sauerkraut on the plate and the sausages were somewhat bland.
I ordered a pretzel and it came from the kitchen half frozen.
Presentation of the plate was poor and unappealing.
I really did enjoy the darker beer though.
Third:  Price.
At 20$ each, I would expect a lot more in both quality and presentation.

Nothing to complain about....
Very fun spot!
Raucous crowd - all drinking good imported German beer.
Live band and emcee!
Just a fun night of waving 34 oz.
beer steins around.
The food was classic German and was very good.
The beer is expensive for a pint, but it is almost 3-12oz.
beers worth.
If you have a large group and want to have some good, clean fun in Vegas, come here!

Amazing place to meet amazing people.
The only place with true authentic German beer.

I've eaten at the original Hofbruhaus in central Munich several times, and did not expect this one to compare, but I did expect the chefs to take pride in their food.
The only (and perhaps most important) noteworthy offering was their beer selection.
It was all authentic, fresh, delicious, and served in the proper glasses.
The pretzel was authentic tasting but rather stale (i.e, at least a day old), which is inexcusable.
Furthermore, we had to pay an extra $2 for "authentic Bavarian" mustards (sweet and spicy).
Neither was remotely German.
In fact, I saw them use Gulden's for the spicy mustard.
Big, early fail in my book.
The Ksesptzle was mediocre at best.
Very dry and starchy.
The Schweinsbraten lacked the typical richness in both meat and beer sauce, and also tasted about a day old, or as if it came from a cheap buffet steamer tray.
The lentil/sausage soup was quite authentic and rich tasting, but that dish considerably less difficult to mess up.
Ambiance in the bier hall was extremely jovial and loud, making it hard to order or talk - which is expected and entirely OK.  Definitely one of the least enjoyable German dining experiences in the US.

Honestly, I don't understand why anyone would want to hang out at a place that is SO LOUD.
It's completely impossible to have a conversation without screaming into the ears of your neighbors - not my idea of a fun time.
My boyfriend and I wanted to try the one vegan dish on their menu: two vegan frankfurters with curry sauce and french fries.
It was taking a long time to get our food, so I asked the waitress if the rye bread or pretzels were vegan, and clarified that vegan means no cheese, no butter, no milk, no eggs.
She said she would check, but kept forgetting.
Finally, by the time our meal came out an hour later, she said she had remembered to ask the cooks, and both the bread and pretzels either have butter in them or on them.
At that point I didn't care to investigate further.
The frankfurters and curry sauce were very good, but the french fires appeared to be plain old frozen fries - very bland.
For $14.95 I was not impressed.

For some good German food and a good spanking, go to Hofbrauhaus.
Great beer, great food, great service, and great atmosphere!
Overall amazing place to go.
You are seated at long tables along side other groups of people and if you order a shot, or say it is your first time there, they spank you with a paddle.
That sound then ripples throughout the hall and you can feel the sting that the victim receives across their butt.
Ha.
This place is awesome.
I always get the Nrnberger Rostbratwrstl which is basically three pork sausages with a bed of sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.
And they have excellent Dunkel Weiss!!
Get the boot!

The prices are a bit of a turnoff, but the food is definitely authentic!
The wieners on my wurstplatte were composed of beef, pig, and two thin chicken ones.
As soon as I was about to bite into my dinner, I was interrupted by the excited screaming of some random white dude who was getting spanked by a "German" mistress behind me.
Yes, you heard that right.
There are German Mistresses here with paddles, like those wooden ones you see that were meant spanking school girls.
The mistresses wear the same exact uniform as the rest of the front staff, so I don't know if SHE was gonna spank me, the HOST was gonna spank me, or the BARTENDER was gonna grab the paddle and get wild on me.
So I asked the guy serving me food and drink, "Is it normal?
", and he told me it's somehow related to taking shots of Jagermeister that involves being paddled.
Note to newcomers, never, ever, order a shot of Jager unless you are expecting some random female to grab a paddle and start paddling your ass away!

The prices are a little high but you do get large portions  Great atmosphere and good beer The potato salad was awesome  My jagersnitzel was a bit tough but full of flavor Spaetzel was very good The large pretzel was not as hot as I would like but the mustards were yummy  We did not really like the whipped cheese spread had a off taste All in all I would say  give it a try

I have been here three times now and here are my overall views.
I don't care what the acoustics in the building are, you can get sound that can be heard!
The band sounds good, but whenever a person speaks into the microphone it sounds so muffled and garbled its impossible to understand.
If they correct that, the atmosphere will be even more party-like and would get much greater participation from customers.
As it is, only a couple of tables nearest the stage can understand because they are closest to the stage monitors which are clear and crisp.
It would be nice if everyone, especially those who answer the phone, and the hostesses are informed of what is going on.
I planned to compete in their "Octoberfest" competition and even brought seven friends to cheer me on.
We had dinner and drinks, but when it came time for the contest, management said they didn't know why it had happened at an earlier time than scheduled.
I had called and checked first for the times, checked their website, and even looked in the newspaper that they put on my table!
All three sources had confirmed they have two contests per night on Fridays and Saturdays.
My friends and I left very disappointed, more from management's total lack of customer service than anything else.
They did nothing to even attempt to make it right, they just made excuses and blamed others.
I guess they just feel that they are successful so they don't need to even try.

If you are looking for a great start to a bachelor party or guys night out in Vegas then you have to try Hofbrauhaus.
Huge steins of beer, a German girl dishing out shots and then punishing your friends with a wooden paddle, fun music, contests and an overall great atmosphere.
Even if you aren't a polka fan (like me) you will find yourself clanking your beer glasses together and singing along with the other patrons.
The food isn't the most amazing you've ever had but it is good and they give you big portions.

I come to Vegas about 4-5 times a year for work and finally made it into this restaurant!
We had a blast!
Perfect for a big group, and for being social and taking to people around u!
The food was great, live band, and fun servers!
But watch out for the sneak attack when u get spanked!
Some of those ladies played ball for sure!

It's a good place to go and have fun during Octoberfest.
Beer and life band!
Food 7/10 service 8.5/10 atmosphere 9/10   Remember to have a shot and get spank!

This place is rowdy and awesome!

Awful!!
They would do better to just serve beer and nothing else.
Overpriced and tasteless food.
If you have to watch your diet for health reasons forget it, there is nothing here for you, on the other hand if you want to speed up your heart attack this is the place go.
If you go there thinking you will just have a beer and enjoy a nice ambiance than think again, the seating and whole building design is akin to a school cafeteria, to make your unhealthy, expensive, experience just that little bit more uncomfortable.

My 2nd time here, 1st time a friend and I  went on a January Saturday afternoon, was not crowded but filled up quickly.
Great authentic German food and beer  2nd time with family all adults including my 80 year old mother in law, on a Sunday late afternoon.
5 minute wait.
Again great service incredible food  incredible beer and 3 spankings.
We had a blast and will return every time I come to Vegas.
I lived in Germany for 12 years and this is just as good as the food I got there

Lay off the salt in the food and we'd be 4 stars.
Had the goulash and spetzle and the goulash was way too salty.
Other than that, awesome atmosphere and fantastic beer.
I'd certainly come back for the beer, but might hesitate to eat here again.
I've had better German food elsewhere.

This place brings back a bad taste in my mouth literally so to the point.
Place is loud, can barley have a conversation,(which is okay if your wasted) The seating is very crowded, more than a few times all of us at our party bumped in tot he table behind us and like wise.
The drinks ( mixed drinks were really weak) I tasted from friends drinks, and worst off the food was ridiculously salty.
The pretzel that came our needed a glass of water per bit/ or dipped in the hotter mustard sauces to mask the saltiness.
the food was also extremely salty, and this was for about 4 of the 8 guys that ate with us.
many of us got the jager dish( that was way to salty)   I threw up after a few bites of pretzel and two bites of the jager sausage plate from too much salt( I am sure its the salt since I didnt drink any alcohol the whole day)      The only good that came out of going was the decor, and the fact you get to see some people get smacked so hard on their moneymakers they cry   I cant belive we went here, and I will never go back.
Ill stick in the hotel or eat across the street should a group of friend ever want to eat here again.

My first time trying out German food and this place is officially my favorite place to stop by in Vegas!
I had no reservation but was seated right away.
There was a Wedding reception happening and there were tons of people.
The atmosphere was loud but enjoyable.
This place was tons of fun and the staff was helpful.
I ordered the Jgerschnitzel and O-M-G... delicious!
Pork cutlet with mushroom sauce, bacon strips, and a side of cranberries sauce (which was my favorite part) and German noodles!!
Boy... was I full...
I will be coming back to try more of these yummy dishes!

Uhhh....My friends dragged me here for lunch (they both went to the original restaurant in Germany, so they wanted to revisit their experience at my expense).
Being in a city with such amazing food options, we came here and I am not too thrilled when I reflect upon it.
I don't drink, so I was not enticed by the massive beers they give.
The lemonade I had was horrible.
I could taste the syrup and I felt as if I was drinking lemon flavored cough syrup.
The food was heavy and not good by any means.
I ordered a chicken sandwich, but I tried the more traditional meals my friends ordered.
Not happy with either.
The only upside was the one man band and the occasional spankings when people would buy shots.
My buddy was spanked really HARD and in some way I believe it was the universal paying him back for bringing me here.
Germans might make some cool looking cars, but I'm not impressed by the food.
Maybe there is something better in Deutschland, but I have yet to try it.

Always a good time.
1L beer steins are $15, which on the expensive side, but good strong beer.
Food isn't great, but descent.
Wide variety if sausages.
We had some big pretzel thing with couple of mustards and a cheese dip thing.
Chicken sausage was pretty good.
Didn't really eat much.
Oktoberfest beer was good, Hefeweizen was good as well.
The spankings hurt less after a few liters if beer.

Now before anyone jumps on me about this is not a true beer hall or something like that, I too have visited the Hofbtauhaus in Munich Germany and though I was in Las Vegas this beer hall did bring back some very thoughtful memories.
The beer hall is painted very similar to its German patriarch and the smell of German cooking filled the air.
I started off with a 0.5l dunkle as did my wife and we ordered a sausage sampler.
The order came with potato salad, sauerkraut and a pair of pretzels.
With the exception of the pretzels which were well overcooked the meal was a great sampling of food.
Half way through eating an entertainer arrived playing traditional German music and did a great job getting the crowd involved.
We decided to order another round, this time I ordered 1.0l helles, and stayed to enjoy the show.
We both had a lot of fun singing and raising our mugs.
If you are looking for an escape from all the loud Las Vegas bars and restaurants and want a truly unique experience visit the Hofbtauhaus you will not be disappointed.

You take a shot then the girl will spank you with a wooden paddle.
You take another shot then she spanks you again.
This is my kind of place.
Ask me how many shots I got LOL.
OK these aren't soft whacks these are home run hitting whacks.
Be a good sport and TAKE IT!!!
Here's why I gave them the full 5 star rating.
It's so freaking awesome.
When you enter the building you wait in relaxing lobby area where there's a very nice wooden bar with selves filled glass mugs and a fridge filled with beer bottles and kegs, the small ones.
There's even a gift shop.
Now when youre ready to go in the doors open up and there's a loud roar of craziness.
People shouting, cheering, singing, dancing, and laughing.
Glass mugs were all up in the air.
The whole atmosphere felt like the movie Beerfest but without the teams and Miss Yeast.
You sit at these large wooden table that probably fit 20.
You order beer served in a 1 liter glass mugs, a plastic shoe, or a smaller glass cup.
You order shots from your server and they bring them out in a wooden stick,  very nice looking but watch out cause that stick duals as a whacking paddle.
There's also another girl dressed in black going around serving shots in test tubes, she'll really whack you.
There's a guy going round looking for girls to hold his very long horn while he plays it.
There's a few guys up in the front leading the cheers.
Drinks aren't cheap and food is reasonably priced.
Their giant pretzels weren't that giant but came with cheese, mustard, and another dipping sauce.
I saw some plates of cutlet and sausages looked nice in portions.
Located across the Hard Rock Hotel on Harmon and Paradise, a busy and dangerous intersection for people who stumble out so watch out for your friends.
Gather up a dozen or so people and have good time, make new friends there.
We need a Yelp event here LOL.

I love the atmosphere and the food was great, you get to sing and dance there if you aren't shy.

Loved it!
Great sausage appetizers.
Good drinks.
The steak came with a crazy gravy with unreal mashed potatoes - thought I was going to pop I was so full.
Quality food.
Rowdy atmosphere so be prepared.
Went with a group of 50 do it took 2 hours to get served but we were all drunk by then and the staff is liberal with giving the paddle to eager participants.
Good experience overall.
If u want fine dining this is not for you.

This place has been on my list to visit for a few years now and I finally made it over...
I wish I had explored it sooner.
It's been too long for me to remember the real Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany for comparison, but I sure felt like I was in a German beer hall.
The restaurant is divided into two dining areas.
The first is an open Beer Hall with large tables.
Perfect for larger groups.
Six of us were at a table with plenty of room to spare.
The second area is a Beer Garden which has smaller tables and more for a quiet(er) meal.
There's also a bar at the front of the building.
The Beer Garden seemed to be closed for a party when I was there.
There's a band playing upbeat German style music.
As other reviews mentioned, there's barmaids walking around with shots and will give you a paddling you haven't felt since you were in Junior High!
(Well, for those of us old enough to have been spanked before the world became soft and sensitive.
)  This place was hopin' on a Tuesday night.
No...
I didn't get paddled.
The food was definitely close to being authentic German dishes.
It may not be something everybody can appreciate (like how some people can't stand Chinese, sushi or Mexican), but the flavor and quality was good.
The food ranges from snacks/appetizers perfect for simply wanting to have a night of drinking.
There is a variety of dishes if you want a meal.
I was happy with what I ate.
Now to the beer.... this is a GERMAN BEER HALL.
Go away if you're looking for Miller,  Coors or some fru-fru status symbol.
They only have German style beer here.
The selection is limited to several different beers, and they were all good.
If you're looking for a quiet, dull time where you can enjoy meaningful conversation and eat Americanized versions of another culture's food, then go someplace else.
If you're looking for a place with higher energy to have fun and experience something different, then this is a good place to try.
Hofbrauhaus is on my short list of must-visit places whenever I return to Vegas.

I've been living in Vegas for a while and have been told to come here a couple times.
I was invited to a birthday party here on a Saturday night and did not enjoy myself.
We arrived and had a drink at the bar.
Finally we went into the main room.
There is a band in a very echoey room playing horrible versions American music.
It is packed.
Every table is full of drunk people.
Every table was super packed...
They seriously pack the people in here.
I'm pretty sure they would fail if the fire Marshall came in.
I couldn't get thru most of the 'walkways'.
They just put a table in the middle of the walkway if the table wants to fit more people.
So we finally order and our food isn't very good.
I guess this place is all about the beer and loudness.
Basically you squeeze into the booth and are touching everyone around you while screaming to have a conversation or order.
You are listening to HORRIBLE music.
Then you eat food that is not good and pay too much for it all!
I will not be back!

Came here for a birthday party.
The atmosphere was cool but the food and beer prices are crazy high.
Not only are the food prices high, but the food itself isn't very good.
The portion sizes are crazy small for what you pay for.
They have a house band at night that plays old American tunes and they are horrible.
If you're looking for good German beer and food, then look elsewhere.
The only thing going on here is the raping of your wallet for sub par food.

First of all, if you don't have a taste for German food then you shouldn't even be here.
If you go to the one in Munich, it's pretty much the same food...with less history of course.
My family would come here for dinner and always have a good time.
So, I chose this place for a work event.
We had 350 attendees and reserving the Biergarten through Karen was easy-breezy.
Our numbers kept changing but it wasn't a problem.
We were well taken care of and everyone had fun.
The service was outstanding.
We had so much food that we had to take food home.
I personally like their schnitzel and spatzl...and of course their lager and hefeweizen.
For dessert, I like their Kirschtort (Black Forest cake).
Take a shot of Jaegermeister and get paddled in public.
Good times!
Consider the following before setting up an event/ having a huge group here as there are fees if you: use their microphone, bring balloons, put an announcement/marquis, etc.

The Hofbruhaus remains a great place to spend a few hours over lunch.
German beer, sausages, and other yummy treats make it a good place to cure a Las Vegas hangover.
Go sit down at the Oktober-style benches and enjoy treats you would only get in Munich itself.
On weekends you find Bavarian style entertainment, which consists of a man-show showing off odd skills like blowing a 20 feet long Alphorn.
The place transforms any crowd into a huge party tent in the middle of the day.
Recommendation to guys: Make sure you try the Jaegermeister / Butt Paddle action: You get a shot of herb-based liquor with a nice spanking from a busty waitress in a Dirndle outfit all in front of everybody.

I loved the food!!
Everything was perfect!
It was a loud and fun atmosphere.
Can't wait to go back.

I have been in Vegas a while now, and everyone says try this place.
I tried it once for my graduation from UNLV because someone else set up the dinner for me and even then it was not as good, just like my recent experience.
I have sat in the front hall and in the back and both have poor service.
The guy yolding, singing, dancing, and so forth, was semi entertaining, but not enough to make me like the place.
I am German, I love beer, but this place did not satisfy my taste buds, beer and food wise.
I tried everyone dish too, because I hated mine (chicken sausage) and I did not like any of them.
Not a fan at all.

I was disappointed by  this place .
I think this is more a tourist trap than an authentic German restaurant .
had the potato pancake with salmon  13.99 4  , jaegerschnitzel 19.99 $ and pretzel 2.99 with mustard 0.39 $ it didn't taste like German food at all  , and it's very overpriced .

The main beer hall area is super fun!
There is also an indoor garden area but the main beer hall area is way funner!
They had a band and drinking games and cool entertainment.
Everyone participates by singing and cheering and just having a good time.
You sit at long tables with other people so be prepared to make friends.
The food is kind of expensive but it is good.
I was surprised they only had a few off their beers on the menu but the beer I had was good so it was ok.
I would definitely be come back.

I'm not usually into places like this but when in Rome...
Atmosphere was cray cray!
Huge dining hall, decent food, loud loud loud ass band...not sure I understood any of it.
You pretty much have to shout at your dining partner.
Any time you order a shot you get spanked by the waitress with a wooden paddle.
Gulp.
It was fun for the evening but not a place I could ever get into being a regular...maybe when we live there in a few months and family comes to visit.

I LOVED this place!
So happy we came here this past weekend!
Order the pork knuckle if you're here by 4PM or after, it's delicious!
Our waitress was fantastic, very nice and helpful.
The entertainer was cheesy but fun.
Oh and you need to order a shot with a spanking, you just have to do it.
It's fun =)

This is a super fun place to take a group or for family fun.
There was only 2 of us but we still had a great time!
Love the open room and the band bringing everyone together singing and raising the steins!
Makes me feel like we were in Germany!
The Schnitzel was yummy and the German beir was fantastic!

Only giving two stars because service was good.
The taste of the food was good, the portion was terrible they charged 15 bucks for one beer & u cannot keep the glass.
2 little sausages a couple spoonfuls of potatoes& kraut & one piece of pork loin the size of a half dollar for 20 bucks- 1 piece of stale bread for almost 2 bucks .Don't waste your time& money

FUN!!!
Although we went at a time when it was a little dead in there, we made our own party.
We ordered one of their beers n it was damn fine.
Got to listen to the polka band I believe(?).
Had drinks n enjoyed ourselves.
Our server was very nice as was everyone in the place.
We ordered the schnitzel and I was amazed at how crazy sounding it was-it was delish!
Was just pork, breaded n fried.
Came with a sweet, tangy plum sauce.
All in all a good time all around!
I'll definitely be going back!

Ok...
I will just say this.
I am of German descent.
I love German grub.
I love German culture.
I love German beer halls.
One of the last three things was not on target here =\  The guy playing the horns, downing beer, singing, while wearing traditional German leather pants was awesome.
He definitely helped to liven up the atmosphere.
However what made him even better was that he was having people play quarters for prizes, having contests for free beers (I won one, but was about to drive to LA and thus couldn't drink it) and I am sure he has many other things of a similar nature that I missed since we were there at lunch on a Sunday.
Pro Tip: I know Oktoberfest is going to be awesome here.
Bavarian brau haus... ohhh yeah...
The murals, architecture, beer are all authentic.
The food is a bit off though to me.
I ordered the Oktoberfest Bratenteller.
This is a double dish sauerbraten and pork roast.
They each had a different gravy.
The sauerbraten comes with a dark brown gravy with a slightly sour note due to the vinegar marinade that it left in for a few days.
The meat is tenderized due to the marinating process and is done well.
However the taste of the gravy seemed off to me.
The pork roast was in a traditional German mushroom gravy.
The pork was also tender but the taste wasn't on point to me again.
It seemed that the gravy again wasn't like I am used to for most German food.
The pork roast mushroom gravy was also a much lighter shade than I am used to.
However what had me crushed as that the sptzle wasn't that good.
Sptzle is my most favorite part of German food.
It is a noodle that when smothered in gravy is phenomenal.
However here I felt it was anything but.
=\     Pro Tip #2: Most of the items in the gift shop are a weee bit overpriced ;)   so unless money is no object, I bet you can find that stuff cheaper elsewhere.
Service was kind of funky as well.
The fraulein who was serving us, was somewhat inattentive and missed some basic things that the other waitresses did not.
The details are what will make or break ya, and she forgot to ask if we wanted straws or lemon in our water when every other table had them delivered that way.
She had a preoccupied air and was almost mentally checked out it seemed.
Pro Tip #3: If you sign up for their online newsletter (on their website), you get free beer coupons!
Overall, I would come here for the bier, camaraderie, German culture, drinking songs... Heard the pretzels were good as well, but the grub perhaps would be better on a different day/night or perhaps I ordered the wrong item.
I also disliked that we got there during lunch time and didn't receive a lunch menu but a dinner menu =\

Great food and a great time with my Family!
Yes, I'm the designated driver!
Lots of ice tea!

If you've ever been to the Munich counterpart, you'll be delighted that they did not spare any details here.
The ambiance is pure German.
Here are some highlights:  * Beer: Incredibly tasty.
Comes in many sizes from a standard pint glass to a larger than life boot (not for the novice drinker)  * Service: Fantastic.
Servers wear traditional lederhosen.
* Price: After a few beers and a meal, this place can sneak up on you.
I've eaten at a lot of places in Vegas and this was one of the more expensive bills I've faced.

If you haven't been to Munich, this is a good simulation.
The beer is very good as is the authentic presentation.
The food is also quite authentic, which may not suit everyone, since most folks haven't had German food in Germany.
Seating is very traditional, so get to know your neighbors!
Service is very attentive, but not obtrusive.
What I'm not so happy about is the volume level (hard surfaces + amplified performers + crowd = noisy.
) While I appreciate the authentic music, the routines can be disruptive.
It's a long walk from the Strip, but definitely worth a cab ride if you like beer!

Slow and rude service and terrible food.
You have to be drunk to enjoy this place.
On the upside, the beer is nice (however unmemorable).

This place is great.
I know it's a chain now and I was here for it's opening years ago, and I've been to the real Hofbruhaus in Germany, and I can still say this place is worth it.
It's always a fun experience with all the excitement of the bands, singing, dancing, classic bits, and entertainment.
The food is great, although it doesn't top Cafe Heidelberg, but here you get all the entertainment and I think that place closed anyway.
This place is a Vegas MUST!

You want a good time with fantastic entertainment, come here!!!!
It's always Octoberfest!!!
Friday and Saturdays is the best.
They have a drinking contest and a stein holding contest.
The good is good and the beer is great!
It's roughly $14 for the huge stein of beer.
If you win any contest you get to keep your stein which is rad!
I take my friends here who are visiting and they always have fun.

Without a doubt, I enjoyed the food and German beer that was served.
The servers did a good job and were playfully entertaining.
Unfortunately, there were two big negatives that detracted from the experience:  First, the room is so noisy that you can't have a conversation with your fellow diners without literally shouting at each other.
There is a pretty even mix of crowd noise and live band music.
The band's sound was lost in the noisy room, but from what I could hear, they were not very good.
The seemed to alternate between trying to play German beer hall music and playing old pop hits...like CCR songs.
They need to decide what they are trying to be.
Second, when I went to pay the bill, I was informed there would be an extra fee of about 3% if I wanted to use my credit card.
Based on that alone, I will not be returning for another meal.

Atmosphre super, Essen Kantinen Niveau, Preise hoch.
Fraglich ist ob dieser Hofbru Abkmmling schwarze Zahlen schreibt.
Irgendwie beschleicht einen das Gefhl, dass die Idee zwar super ist, aber wirtschaftlich nicht aufgeht.
Recht berschaubare Gsteschar an zwei Terminen, die Halle ist einfach zu gro, dass wirklich Stimmung aufkommt.
Auch wirkt das ganze Konzept recht aufgegockelt, eher Fasching Style.
Man will dem Amerikaner hier was vorspielen, wie Bayern ist.
Fraglich ist, warum andere Nationen wie japanische Restaurants oder chinesische Restaurants das nicht ntig haben.
Die sind weltweit einfach authentisch, wir mssen einen auf Fasching machen.
Warum?

Nice "German" restaurant.
Great selection of dishes except for lack of pork knuckle (Haxen) on the menu during week nights (I was informed that they only serve that on Saturdays) and chicken Schnitzel (not terribly authentic I know, but a few people in our party preferred that).
Ambiance: Very nice.
A bit noisy, but we were there to have fun, and noise comes with beer and fun!
Experience:  It was fun - saw a lot of guys get slapped on their back side with wooden paddles ... the servers that were doing it were not showing any mercy!
The music was a bit weird:  American music performed by what looked like a German band in German style ...
I didn't get that!
Service:  Helpful servers.
She answered all our questions nicely.
Food was served on time.
Food:  Pretty good but I guess it could have been better.
I had their pork in hunter style (a thick sauce with mushrooms) with Spaetzle.
Credit Card:  Why do they want to charge a fee of 3% if you use a credit card?
Why can't they pay around 2% credit card fee like every other restaurant?
Is this a way to push you to pay your bill in cash?
This didn't make sense, and it was not convenient at all.

This place is 100% authentic.....if your standard of authenticity permits the use of Oscar Meyer hot dogs in a German restaurant.
I can't believe people think this place is good.
I remember going there with a friend.
I started off with a German salad.
It sucked.
I felt like I was eating a turd salad.
When I received my entree, we both kind of looked at my plate and my friend acknowledged before I could say anything that it was indeed a hot dog that had been placed on my plate instead of a German sausage as advertised.
I ended up tossing the hot dog at the wall.
This place will definitely satisfy your desires if you're wanting to experience a bunch of loud, annoying drunk people pretending they're in Germany.
What's that?
Oh, you have a giant glass boot filled with beer?
You better chug that down as fast as you can without breathing!
I bet this place has to employ a full-time barf cleaner for all the times people drink themselves sick, not to mention the people who throw up after finding out they ate an Oscar Meyer hot dog filled with chicken beaks and pig assholes.
And as I recall, the entree was rather expensive.
You can save yourself a lot of money and have the same meal if you just go to the supermarket, buy a pack of hot dogs, warm them up in the microwave and dip them in mustard.
And don't forget to play some annoying German music and sing "ziggy zaggy ziggy zaggy oy oy oy".

Great place to go if you feel like some bratwursts, beer and some loud music while having some good time.
I got the plate with 4 different sausages and my wife got the Wiener Schnitzel with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut, of course.
half a littler of Heffewiesen went down pretty easy after all that food!
It was early and kind of empty and the live music was loud, something that I would probably enjoy later in the day and after some more beers.
Good for a break from the strip if you have the time or exhausted your options there.

Great place to go off the beaten path in Vegas if you want to escape the casinos!
Great atmosphere, great food and beer, and great service!
I had a combo sausage platter appetizer that was excellent!
Everyone is in a great mood at this place!
I definitely plan to visit again!

Love the fun and festive atmosphere here!
I've tried a good amount of food here on a couple of occasions, and I think it's just the German cuisine that I don't have the palate for...Don't get me wrong, the food is good and enjoyable, but nothing really stands out to me.
Come here for the drinks and the atmosphere!
I'd recommend trying the Fresh Baked Pretzel to start.
Love it!
All the dipping sauces were great too...and this thing is huge!
Very sharable...
I've tried most of the Sausages, Potatoes, Spatzl and Sauerkraut.
My favorites were definitely the sausages and potatoes!
They all have unique tastes...but no extraordinary items to touch base.
And definitely try their Hofbrauhaus Hefeweizen.
It is outstanding!
To finish, we tried the Hofbrauhaus Sweet Platter: Kirschtort, Tiramisu & Cheesecake.
They were all pretty good, and came with a melted creme cheese like sauce for dipping/pouring :)  Have fun!

Beer tastes great and is imported but they don't have as big of a selection as I would have liked.

We came out here for a friend's birthday on Friday night.
Being an avid yelper, I decided to read up on some reviews.
After reading the reviews, I was a little nervous about going, to be honest.
I was really worried that  I wouldn't like any of the food...especially after reading the menu...I'm not really big on pork products, and there is a lot of pork on the menu.
lol  So...we got there, and walked in, and were seated... What a HUGE hall!
At first, I was uncomfortable...it felt like it was a million and a half degrees in that place.
Oddly enough, the more I ate and drank, the better I felt.
;)  The atmosphere here is definitely one of carefree partying.
Its loud.
There is lots of singing, music, shouting, chanting, and spanking.
I had a blast.
I personally did not have any shots...something about being spanked by a stranger with a paddle is not super appealing to me.
Maybe in the bedroom with someone I know, but not in public...those ladies looked pretty strong too.
:)  Now onto what was ordered:  Beer: I ordered the Hefeweizen, which was awesome.
The half liter was $8...it lasted me the whole time we were there, so it was a good value, but...I'm a slow beer drinker.
The other beers were really good too.
(I tasted everyone's.
)  Food: I ordered: A pretzel:  Pretty good.
Salty, but not overly so.
The potato pancakes with smoked salmon:  THIS was delicious.
I'm a sucker for potato pancakes, but there were divine.
The salmon was delicious, and the presentation was great.
(I'll upload a picture as soon as I can.
) German Potato Soup:  This was DELICIOUS!
My favorite of the night.
:) The Majoram/ (Veal sausages):  Since I'm not a big fan of pork products, I had intended on getting fish or chicken...but when I saw that there were veal sausages for the same price as the chicken...I opted for those.
They were tasty.
2 sausages served over mashed potatoes, with a red cabbage sauerkraut.
(I wasn't a fan of the red cabbage.
)  All in all the quality of the food was good.
However...
Between myself and my roommate, we spent $85 on 3 beers, two entrees, and two small starters.
I could have eaten better food for half that cost elsewhere, but all in all, for a fun night out for a friend's birthday, it was a fun place to go.

I've been to the real thing in Munich.
This is not at all the same thing.
Also, I didn't have a very good time:  - I didn't see a single beer come out that wasn't under-poured.
There's a line on the glass for a reason.
- Service was incredibly slow.
- The waiter billed my beer wrong and instead of fixing it threw random cash at me to not tell his boss.
Also it's off the strip, which makes it kind of a pain to get to.

So I always wanted to drink out a boot and what better place to do it than this place.
Now im not an avid bear drinker but I must aay that this ber is good , I started with a dark brew in my boot and the party began , I made sure to turn my boot to advoid the bubble ehen drinking, music was entertaining and I even participated in the beer drinking contest but lost, now onto the food potato soup was great, I got the HB plate was ok did like one of the meats on it, overall good atmosphere u will have fun and surrly get drunk here, beware of getying spanked with the shot paddle lol

Great beers, some of zee greatest beers in all of zee world.
They even have a boot you can drink out of.
The food is less than mediocre.
I orders the steak to be cooked medium, it was well done.
It tasted like ass and trust when I say, I KNOW what ass tastes like.

Love, love, love this place!!!
We found it for our wedding reception, so we decided to make a special trip and try it out beforehand (our wedding is in Oct 2014.
)   I was a little worried about sound and saltiness from other reviews but neither were an issue.
The entertainment was perfect and perfect volume.
We tried 6-7 different dishes and fell in love with all of them (with the exception of the pot roast which was a little tough, but when we asked to sample some pork roast because we were trying to decide buffet options, the chef complied and it was amazing!
)  The server, Olga?, was awesome!
We had a couple of our party paddled for ordering shots and it was so much fun!
The entire hall gets in on the fun!
(And it was kind of nice that they don't do the whole...we're gonna get hot women to do paddling...it's normal servers with an awesome attitude!
)  My fiance loved it so much, he's already declared that for ALL our annerversaries in the future, we'll be revisiting.
Can't wait to party it up in October!!

I'm from Germany, it is a littlebit of hometown there.
And a special experience - you must have!
:) German food, german music, german beer,... - no one other can offer that feeling in Vegas  It's more expensive than in Germany and during the week they shut the door at 11 pm :(

fun!!!!
the food is good, lots of choices too.
service is great!
fun music and dancing.
the one thing that bugged us was a 3% charge for paying with credit card.
they dont advise you of this til the end.
kind of an  outdated practice,  and lets you leave with a bit of a sour taste after a fun experience.
you would think that an establishment such as this can afford the 3% fee from the banks.

We used to come here regularly, but this place has gone downhill since our last visit.
Of course, we enjoyed the German beer.
The servers did a fair job but were a bit slow.
The food was OK, not great but worthy of returning.
Cafe Berlin is much better.
One main reason why will be writing this place off: when I went to pay the bill, I was informed there would be an extra fee of about 3% if I wanted to use my credit card.
According to Visa's rules this is supposed to be displayed at the entrance and printed on each Receipt.
I didn't notice anything at the entrance and it definitely isn't on the receipt.
So, this *very smart* businessman just lost regular customers, plus us referring Las Vegas visitors here, over about a $5 decision.
Idiot--you'll make that up with just one more beer sale to me.
Good bye.

Great German food in an exact replica of the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany.

We lived in Augsburg for 2+ years (near Munich) and got to the 'real' Hofbrauhaus more than a few times.
The Vegas version is near perfect in every way.
Food, atmosphere, service, entertainment - GREAT!

Sausage and beer are good.
Avoid the schnitzel, unless you have a hankering for shoe leather.
Toughest piece of meat ever.

A little on the expensive side, but tastes just like the food I had growing up!
Real fun when you go and there is live music.
Service is always exceptional!
We would go more often if the prices were just a bit lower.

Had lunch there today: the wurst platter was wonderful, the wait staff was friendly (no Teutonic frowns) and the German beer was great!

I just left here.
Tonight is my 30th birthday and although the food was great, the service is what I have come to expect from Vegas, absolute shit.
Our server, "one of their best" didn't give a flying fuck about our table.
I don't need a candle or a birthday song, but embarrass my family and I will be compelled to call you out.
The band was great too but our blonde server never smiled once and made my family, who tried so hard to give me a good time, feel like assholes..
Thanks and happy birthday to me!

I really loved the atmosphere stepping into this place.
I have been learning German and what better way to brush up on my singing skills than visiting a German restaurant hall?
The service was good but the real take home of the night was the Hefeweizen which was great.
The potato soup, pretzels, and brats were tasty although the pretzels were a bit on the salty side for my taste.
I was really looking forward to enjoying a loud atmosphere with singing and this place did not disappoint!

My wife and I went here back in January and had a great time.
We went kind of early so is wasn't packed or extremely loud like some reviewers have posted.
The atmosphere overall was nice,  we were seated at a table by ourselves since it wasn't very crowded at the time.
My wife ordered Hofbrauhaus Wurstplatte (Sausage Platter) and I got the Schnitzel Wiener Art (breaded Veal cutlet) and we shared for some variety.
Both plates were delicious,  we would have devoured it all but the servings were big so there was some food left over.
The beer was good and cold, we both ordered the large mug (I think it was a liter).
I participated in a beer chugging contest for a free mug and came in 2nd out of 10.
No free mug but it was free to participate.
There was not a band playing while we were there but there was a solo guy providing some entertainment,  he also coordinated the chugging contest.
If you order any shots, prepare to get swatted with a paddle.
Not sure if they do that in Germany or not but it was funny for everyone else to see and drew their attention when it cracked.
The only down side to this place was the location.
It was off the main strip so far, probably took us 20-30 minutes to walk each direction.
Not a big deal as we needed the exercise anyway after trying to eat all that food, would consider taking a taxi next time.
Overall we had a great time here and will go back next time we go to Vegas.
Will probably go a little later to experience the full band and lively crowds.

Why come here?
Giant beer hall mimicking original Munich beer hall!
Great German food!!
Awesome entertainment in the form of German band, host with the most, paddling on the butt, beer drinking contest, etc!!!
I have been here several times, and have never been disappointed.
If you are looking for a fun, casual and random night out, do try this little gem!
It is especially fun on Saturdays, as they pull out all the stops with their live entertainment, that often includes getting patrons off their butts and on tables and chairs singing together while waving their steins.
The food is enjoyable and hearty and the beers are great!
I'm obviously not German so I can't say how authentic the food is, but i still think it's yummy.
This place is obviously full of clichs and is most likely not what the real Munich is like, but all that matters to me is that I always leave smiling from ear to ear.
I actually booked a few tables here for about  thirty five guests the night before my wedding.
The staff took great care of us.
My friends loved all the excitement and the preselected catered orders were a feast.
Totally worth the money!
Many of my friends have gone on to take their friends and spread the word on this place.
Btw, do buy a shot, but if you do, be aware that the skinniest waitresses usually paddle the hardiest!

Enter scene: huge tourtisty beer hall with tons of frat boy types, practically puking on your shoes and cheesy German music, super loud it's hard to enjoy.
Did I mention that when we were leaving, we saw one loser urinating on the front steps, not even trying to hide his small penis?
Gross, gross and gross.
I'm giving them 2 stars since they did have vegetarian options (and tasty curry on fries), but their soft pretzels were not good (huge bummer, I live for pretzels), a bit dry and kind of "meh.
"   Only 3 German beer choices -- if I remember correctly it was light, medium, dark.
Meh.

I love going here to down beers it is such a fun drinking environment.
However the food is awful!
Everytime I go order the kids noodles, which is not even good but the only thing I can eat there.
I love beer broiled brats with coleslaw.
I wish they would have something like this, or a brat pizza for kids.
The food is seriously so discussting I mean it is the only restaurant I have ever been that I cannot find one thing good on the menu.
But I will always go back for the atmosphere and large beer steins.
I recommend and take all my friends here.

As others have said, this place is loud and obnoxious.
Not a criticism....just a factual statement.
Most people drink one of three beers by the pitcher and join in on group songs and chants.
It's pretty fun if you're not too uptight.
One of the strangest traditions is a paddling (wooden paddle from waitress) that guys line up for.
The food was an unremarkable plate of sausages.
It was on par w food court food.
If you want a frat part experience, this is your place.

OMG!!!
The BEER, BAND and crowd are amazing.
When we go to Vegas we HAVE to go there.
Real German beer and bands both imported from Munich.
I usually just eat a snack, The Obazter cheese spread w/Big pretzel, but all my kids eat the food and it is good!!
A bit pricey but so worth it to us.
I think everyone should go here once.
Now me and my kids want to go to Munich.

The Hofbrauhaus can provide a "guten nacht" for everyone if you want to go to a great German themed restaurant.
However, expect to pay for it!
Having been to the actual Munchen Hofbrauhaus and I can tell you the decor is quite similar.
Big long oak tables, a boisterous band of German singers, and more beer than you should be drinking.
The food while not absolutely authentic "best German food ever", I do think that it provides enough of an idea of what German food looks and tastes like for the curious patron.
This particular night that I went, the "haus" had a really fun young band of German singers who really knew how to get the crowd into the night.
There was drinking songs, blowing the alpine horn game, and drunken dancing.
What else do you want from a German restaurant?
The one problem with Hofbrauhaus is the fact that its more like a "tourist spot".
You just go there not for the food, but for the experience and the "I just went to Germany feeling".
While I recommend everyone to go once.
Going on a regular basis probably means you don't care about money, or you're an alcoholic.
Try it once, order the Leiberkase (don't ask me what it is) and enjoy!

I was really looking forward to trying this place and when I finally did, I was disappointed.
First things first, the food was average and expensive for what they offer.
Granted this is a tourist spot, so the pricing is to be expected.
I wouldn't recommend taking your kids here.
This is basically the "German experience" of drinking and having fun with a little food thrown in.
The beer hall smells terrible, like stale beer and sweat.
Gross.
Now, on to the more important item.
The service was so-so and my waiter tried to cheat me when we paid the bill.
If you read nothing else in this review, read this - NEVER leave a cash tip if paying by card at this place!
I charged our dinner, but left a cash tip and the waiter chased us down in the parking lot saying that he accidentally charged our card twice.
This was a complete lie because while he went back inside with my card, I checked my bank app and it showed the exact amount I signed for on the receipt.
He came back out a few minutes later and we went on our way.
The next day I checked the bank and noticed the charge from the HB was for a higher amount and NOT the amount I signed for on the receipt.
I called the HB and spoke to a very nice young lady in the accounting department who handled this whole mess after the fact.
I sent her a copy of my signature and what do you know, it did not match the receipt.
Hence, this waiter assumed I was a tourist visiting Las Vegas and not a resident, and he figured he could just steal from me and I wouldn't do anything about it.
He took my generous cash tip and then tried to steal more money from me by charging my card for an second tip.
It took nearly TWO WEEKS of my calling the HB to get the amount that I was owed refunded to me.
This waiter committed fraud and, at the very least, should have been FIRED.
That didn't happen.
They told me that they've never had problems with him.
Yeah, well, just because actual tourists don't complain when they sober up doesn't mean it isn't happening.
He tried to steal from me and he'll try to steal from you too.
My overall suggestion is to avoid this place, but if you feel you just have to have the experience, pay with cash only.

Seemed like fun and a great idea.
We love good German food and let's just say that we could not say that we got any.
Very overpriced, we ordered one combo platter one cheese spaetzl dish, 2 deserts to go ($10 each) and 1 cocktail and soda.
Total was almost $90.
Another negative, This place is listed as good for kids and I must say that even with my 7 & 9 yr old who love to be around music and noise, but this place is unbearably loud.
Can't even talk to one another or hear the waitresses, and I'm not exaggerating either.
My kids looked like they were drowning in the noise, both were slumped in their seats almost falling asleep because of the disturbing noise of drunkenness surrounding this large room of hoorah and screaming.
You literally feel trapped.
Women were being spanked with paddles by the employees, while men cheered on.
I wish I could say I enjoyed some kind of aspect here since I insisted on going here and really looked forward to the experience, but instead I felt like a horrible mother and completely ripped off.
Never again.
Maybe perfect for a fraternity get together, but not for us.

I have lived in Vegas for a long time and had always heard good things about this place.
My wife and I went for the first and last time 2 days ago.
One of our friends was celebrating his birthday and chose to go here.
I was genuinely excited about it.
We showed up and the place looked cool.
The music was alright and the atmosphere seemed nice.
I am a bit of a beer snob so u was very excited to try a variety of German beer.
They offer 3 choices..... 3 lame ass choices.
It's either a light, dark or a hefenweizen(sp).
I love dark beer so I ordered that one.
At 15 bucks a beer the size of it was beautiful.
Large manly glass.
The taste on the other hand sucked!
I would have paid  maybe 7 bucks tops for it.
It wasn't complete crap but I expected better.
I ordered a plate consisting of two white sausages and a Bavarian pretzel.
Knowing a little about German culture I was expecting manly sized portions.
Boy was I wrong.
I received two tiny sausages.
The average bratwurst one buys at a local grocery store dwarfs these lame tiny links.
The taste was okay but nothing special at all.
At least I had my fresh Bavarian pretzel to look forward too.
Wrong again!
It was a decent size but it tasted like it had been sitting in a freezer all week long and had just been popped into a microwave for a minute before being served.
I was expecting a large warm fresh soft pretzel.
I received a room temperature, stale pretzel that tasted like crap.pretzel time or auntie m's would destroy this place in a pretzel competition.
Over all, I am never going back to this sad excuse for a restaurant.
If I want good food and beer I'm going to the Chicago brewing company.
I feel that real German people would be ashamed of this place.

This place was quite a disappointment.
I'm a Vegas local and after many years of driving past this place, finally decided to eat here.
Made a reservation for 10pm and got there a bit late.
We were told that the bar and kitchen was closing the moment we got there so we had to order quickly.
Everything was rushed and the place was pretty much empty.
Guess the staff really hates staying late.
Food was okay, but nothing spectacular.
Our pretzel was hard as a rock.
Almost inedible.
I got this sausage sampler and most of the sausages were cold and tough and one had a bone fragment in it.
The busser came and cleaned off our table before we had completely finished eating..extremely rude.
We were told they were closing in 10 minutes and they made our dessert to-go.
Overall, not the best experience regardless of whether or not it was before close.
You don't want people coming in late, don't allow them to make reservations and then rush them through eating.
I now consider this place a tourist trap and would not recommend it to locals.
Food was overpriced and lackluster.

Friends and I make trips here regularly when we hit up vegas.
One of the best German beer hall experiences around!
Polka band, especially the leader, was awesome!
A buddy won the stein holding contest!

I was born and raised in Germany, so I really wanted to check this place out since I have not been back home in a few years!
While the cucumber salad and bretzel were good, the rest was not!
I had the jgerschnitzel, nothing like back home!
My husbands food also lacked flavor!
Simply overpriced and not that good!

This place is a mix of a bingo hall and a medieval dinner hall.
It's 2pm and people are already piss drunk requiring assistance to leave.
This place is so much fun.

Loud, boisterous, and full of drunken fun!
That's the Hofbrauhaus for ya (sorry guys, I'm not sure how to make the a with the umlauts, but that's what I intended fyi).
Hofbrauhaus is the quintessential rowdy restaurant where you can get some tasty beers and good eats.
I always find myself here in a party-type situation; mostly of the birthday type.
Honestly, the atmosphere fits and doesn't disappoint!
They have a live band playing both American and German folks songs while you get your drink or grub on and it keeps the lively atmosphere going.
As for the beer, they have 1/4, 1/2, and full liter mugs available depending on your thirst level.
IMO the best time to come in and funnel some beer into your gullet is around Oktoberfest.
Their Oktoberfest beer is awesome and highly recommended.
But, in the "off-season", the dunkel and hefe do just fine.
I've only had a few dishes here but I usually gravitate toward the veggie options.
They have a few veggie items available including the veggie brautwurst that comes complete with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.
I've also tried the chicken braut here and they're similar enough to go either or, really.
The side salad is a healthy sized plate as well so if you're looking for something a little smaller to snack on, the side is a good option.
Also, before I forget, the soft pretzel here is really nice.
It's especially nice when it's fresh out and pieced off with a dab of the cheese or mustard sauce 'shmeared' on.. yummyyy.
Pro tip: alternate sauces when going in on the pretzel... trust me, it's a good time.
Good times, good beers, and pretty good food here at the Hof!
I don't come here often but definitely lookin' toward Oktoberfest for more seasonal German beer goodness.

The atmosphere is great with live music and your typical party revelry.
All of this makes for a great time as you enjoy your liter of dunkel beer.
That is until your food arrives.
If you are expecting German food than just stop.
Go away.
It's at best German inspired food.
This place is the Taco Bell of German food.
It's flat out terrible and a disgrace to the Hofbrau name.
Come for the atmosphere and the beer but please don't come for the food and especially don't judge German food based upon this place.
Did I mention it was terrible?
I give this place 3 stars because it was a great time and an absolute blast...despite the food.

Hofbrauhaus.
because of the spanking I couldn't sit for 2 days.
SO WORTH IT.
For many years, I have driven by and never stepped foot in.
One hungover morning, I decided screw it.
I'm going in!
20 of us showed up and it was beautiful.
Huge ceilings.
ALL GERMAN EVERYTHING.
Got spanked.
Purchased a glass boot to drink my beer out of.
Beautiful wooden tables and beer garden.
Ordered the "wurst" special a carousel of weiners and pretzels.
You really can't go wrong with anything that you order.
I guarantee a FUN TIME.
The performers are excited and the joke mans are very interactive.
Employees are dressed everyday for the part.
Make it a point to stop in.
Definitely, memorable and a LV staple.
OFF THE STRIP IS THE WAY TO GO!

Great place for big group of friends to hang out for some beer any great German food.
There Munchner Weisswurste was not bad at all I enjoy in very much.
The Creamy Bavarian Potato soup was also good.
I'll definitely come back but the next time without the hangover ........

As someone who's been a vegetarian for 14 years, I'm very happy that they have vegan/vegetarian options.
To top that, the vegetarian dishes are actually really good.
I've had them all (albeit there's only 3 options) and they were all very filling and tasty.
Also, order the jumbo pretzel as an appetizer, it's a must.
The beer is great as well.
I'd give it a 5, but sometimes the guy performing is a bit much, and I prefer to not chant along to sons and stand on the table when I'm already engaged in eating my dinner.
The main seating area is a bunch of wood picnic benches, and you'll probably sit by strangers, but it's kinda fun, the back garden area is a more quiet/intimate setting, but nice as well.

The reason I'm only giving this place 1 star is because we ordered 1 coke and then the waiter brought another coke we didn't order so we thought we got a free refill, then we looked on the bill and they charged us for the other coke 4.50.
9.00 for 2 cokes, I do not like restaurants that rip you off, I will never go back to this place not a trust worthy place, no way to treat customers by ripping them off.

Fun and a good time, but not much food for your money and it's expensive.
I would go back there though.
Maybe a once a year trip here, not a regular location.
Staff were great, polite, and fast.

PROST!!!
I love this place!
I make it a point to always come here every time I am in Vegas.
After spending a bunch of time in Munich and going to that one it is awesome to be able to experience the Hofbrahaus here in the states.
The Bier is amazing just like in Munich.
I especially like the Jumbo Complete (great to share) and the sausages are wonderful.
The environment is so much fun and can get pretty crowded.
It is on the more expensive side so know that when you go you'll be spending a bit of money but I always take that into account.
For the most part have pretty good service but at times have been pretty slow.
But since I love the environment I'm usually ok with it.
Can't wait to be back!

Well the beer is awesome and I saw someone getting a whipping with a paddle.
Some sort of shot.
So that was pretty great.
Everything else is not so much.
The sausage, kraut and dipping sauces for the pretzel weren't good.
The pretzel however was pretty special.
My advice is to get the pretzel and a great beer then move on.
It was pretty empty when I was there and the beer garden that is beyond the hall didn't seem to be open and that is sad because it seems like the best place to be.

The food was OK, the place clean and the staff friendly.
The portions were, in my opinion, OK

Had a good time.
Food was delicious.
Little loud, but enjoyable.
Waitress messed my bill up three times, but we worked out in the end.
Fun experience.

Great atmosphere, good beer, average bland food, over priced.
Come to just drink and you should be good.

Fun.
Like many things in Vegas, this copy of the Munich Hoffbrau Haus has all of the form and none of the substance.
If you're looking for an authentic experience, this only partly fits that bill.
That said, the place is blast and I've always had a good time.

Good but over priced.
The hofbrauhous beers are delicious but at $8 (0.5L) and $16 (1L) they are bit over priced.
I had one of the dinner sausage specials which was really good but a small portion.
The wife had a vegetarian schnitzel which she she said was really good and a bigger portion then mine.
Over all it was a good experience but I would not return when in Vegas again.
I wanted to feel like I was in Germany again and I got that feeling.

Having been to the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich, I can tell you it was very authentic - albeit at 1/3 the size.
As others mentioned, the food is mostly good but nothing to die for.
The sausages were the best, but the spaetzle and the pork dishes were good too.
The dark beer was tasty also.
It's not cheap for what it was, but nonetheless it was a great experience and totally fun!

What could be better in life than a German inspired beer hall smack dab in Vegas?!
Thought of anything, because I couldn't!
First of all the atmosphere here is amazing.
You are swept into a huge hall adorned with long tables where you are seated among strangers - who you will soon become best friends with!!
Clinking your beer filled steins and singling along to the live music.
Simply amazing.
It doesn't stop there!
The food is phenomenal.
Start off with a homemade pretzel with their various dipping sauces, you'll be glad you did.
It's enough to share - especially if you want room for more beer and your main course.
I had the Schnitzel Wiener Art, a breaded pork cutlet with cranberry (on the side) and a side dish of bavarian potato salad.
Delicious - portion is huge!!!
I ate a good half and enjoyed every last bite.
This is a must for any Vegas trip!
Order your friend a shot and hilarity will ensue.

Was here this weekend and we had a great night until I saw a guy harass a waitress.
And the managers didn't seem to care.
When the waitress talked to the group, she was loud enough for us to hear, even over the band!
That's one hell of a feat, but she played back and forth with them and they were loving it.
When she brought the shots she brought them to our table and tried to spank them on our table cause there was a giant pole in the way.
One of the guys grabbed her and she smacked his hand away and he got in her face.
She tried to make the situation better.
Giving them different options on where to get spanked but he was so mad she pushed him off he just screamed in her face.
I was in the service industry for four years and how she dealt with those assholes was nothing but professional.
She offered to give them to another waitress and whisked away.
The other guys in the group giving him shit for ruining their night.
The manager came over and I didn't catch everything but I know they were lying.
After they left I called the server over, I can't remember her name it was different.
I talked to her about it and asked to speak with her manager.
A guy manger came over, the woman had already left.
He seemed disinterested in what I had to say but he wasn't the manager who took care of it.
Beer was delicious but I wouldn't want my gf to work here so I probably won't be coming back.

Mediocre at best and highly overpriced...
If it was half the price I would have been satisfied but absolutely nothing was fresh!

Well that certainly was mediocre.
Granted, I wasn't there to eat a full meal.
Just wanted a beer and a pretzel.
The waitress immediately laid into her upsell from the gift shop.
30 seconds to order, 5 minutes of sales pitch.
She brought out our beers.
Hofbrau Hefeweizens.
Beer was good but nothing special when you can find good beer pretty much anywhere nowadays.
Pretzel was a pretzel.
A couple of jarred sauces for dipping.
No big whoop.
After we finished the waitress came back and was really pushing us to buy gift shop merchandise which I declined.
She got all butt hurt like I killed her cat.
Sorry, not into pressure from a waitress.
Funny thing is, before we sat down I was looking at the t shirts in the gift shop.
I would have probably bought one if the waitress hadn't tried to shove one down my throat.
Sorry Hofbrau.
In a world of tourist traps you win the grand prize.

Food was boring and the quality of Hometown Buffet.
The price was ridiculously expensive.
I will never come to this restaurant again.

Located within a short distance to the Las Vegas Convention Center.
This place is great if you want to hang out with large groups of friends, family or colleagues.
This themed restaurant is really spectacular.
From the outside the facade appears to be multi-storied but inside is a large open hall similar to the Hofbrauhaus in Munich.
The restaurant offers lively music and entertainment for patrons to order large pints of Hofbru Mnchen hefewiesen and excellent Bavarian foods.
We got the daily specials  -  HB Brewmaster Combo  Fried bratwurst schnitzel and a sausage kabob in BBQ onion sauce served with mashed potatoes and cole slaw.
Pork roast - "King Ludwig" Pork roast topped with onion beer gravy.
Served with roasted red potatoes and glazed candy striped beets.
We ended up getting some shots and received some spanking with the wooden paddle from the lovely fraulein.

Yeaaaa!!
This place is truly wierd and fantastic!
The sausages were exceptional, the beer was standard and the atmosphere is totally bizarre.
If you're into the kind of experience where you're not sure whether you're in on the joke or just witness to a very strange happenstance of awkward...this is your place!

Wow.
I've been coming to this place for over 10 yrs and it is definitely going downhill.
So, I'm realistic and I know this is Vegas..........granted, the food at Hofbrauhaus has never been German.
The music....not German.
The atmosphere....not even remotely close to a German Festhaus.
What was originally a pretty fun and laid-back beer spot has become another avenue for ridiculous frat parties and bachelorette night-outs.
Besides the fact the music is turned up to 11, for the price of a shot you can get your ass paddled by a "woman" who probably has a Y chromosome in addition to being 7 feet tall.
If you want a more authentically German experience, it would be more fun to drive 1200 miles to San Antonio.....yes, San Antonio.........and sample real German fare in Gruene, Pflugerville, Boerne, or Fredricksburg, TX.
That's right....you read that correctly.
Otherwise, if you prefer to hang out here have fun with Helga the Dominatrix and all the other waitresses that make Betty White look like Kate Upton.
PS:  One star for playing the National Anthem.

It was okay, beer was great though.
The food, they clam to be authentic German but the food was kinda authentic.
I know some authentic German food takes time to cook so I understand the short cuts.
However, I wouldn't mind waiting a little bit longer for a true authentic German dish.
This is the reason for three stars.
BUT, still go here, it is a lot of fun a good music

Went there to celebrate my nephew's 30th per his request.
The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because of the food.
Go there for the beer and the entertainment, not the food.... all of us (five) were disappointed... order the shots.

Like the original Hofbruhaus in Munich - just 1/3 smaller.
All German signature dishes and very tasty!
With live music and sing along sheets.
Imported beer from Munich and the mustards also.
Von einem echten Mnchner geschrieben.
Anja from Germany is a caring server and although the food took a little bit long it was like home.
Reviewed by a Munich native.

I love the German cuisine.
I really wanted to try this place.
I never got that far.
This place was pretty empty when we got there.
We were seated and then...25 minutes later, we left.
No waiters with any sense of urgency.
Piss poor service and management.

Being of german decent I had to try this place I was a bit skeptical BUT we loved the food the atmosphere the beer and watching everyone get spanked after a shot.
Too funny!
The beer Garten was awesome we will definitely come back!
It was loud but a great place!
The seating was cool too!
The dessert was amazing!

It's been a while since I've been to a Hofbrauhaus.
The last time I went was in Miami, which I fell in love with.
The Las Vegas location is a lot bigger and not as quaint as Miami, I like the more nostalgic era.
Our visit to the Las Vegas was nice, we came in as Walk In and was seated right away.
I really wanted to have the Pork Knuckles, but it was a specialty item that they only serve when it was ordered.
I was devastated!
But I quickly recovered trying to pick the very next best thing....
The Bavarian Potato Soup- Like a loaded baked potato soup minus bacon, but adding their smoked sausage.
It was topped off with croutons and chives.
Sauerbraten- Bavarian style potroast w/red wine.
It was good, not as tender as I thought it would be, sauce was dark a bit on salty side which went well with the roast and spatzle.
Yes spatzle!
They look like gnocci pieces, but its noodles!
Love them.
Red Cabbage- Wasnt a fan, I tried it, tasted like caramelized overly sweet and vinegar red cabbage.
I guess this is the Bavarian version of our American cranberry to Turkey dinner.
Through our meal, there was a band playing and shouting out and drinking!
It was Classic!
Love it!
Yes and the dessert!
I had to get Apfelstrudel!
Apple strudel!
It was great!
Had to wait for my chantilly cream which made me think about the movie Inglorious Bastard with Hans Landa and the cream for apple strudel.... Reminiscing...
It was great, wished the Pork Knuckle was available for us, that was the only reason I would go back for..
Thanks and good vibes!

I went with my family during the Memorial Day Weekend and we were not disappointed.
The food was very good and the service was very fast.
We had sausages, schnitzel, pretzels, pork cops, pork roast and apple strudel for dessert.
The place was noisy and crowded, but this is understood since we went during the weekend.
Highly recommended.

Really fun place...great beer and spankings!
It's definitely more fun if you go with a party of 12 though.

It's cheesy, kinda pricey, and loud but you're coming here for the atmosphere.
A ton of drunk people and parties but thats the whole point, right?
This is Vegas remember.
Live music and the girls handing out a "Paddlin'" left and right.
Food was mediocre at best but after a few liters it really doesn't matter.
A little bit off of the strip, cabs hang outside in advance so you shouldn't have a problem getting back to your hotel.

If you like German food and an Oktoberfest atmosphere this place will never disappoint.
The food is great and so is the service.
I haven't had anything here that our family didn't love, from steak to schnitzel to goulash.
It is all great.

I had my hopes up for this place.
Walking in it seemed like a fun atmosphere, but quickly it felt like more of a tourist attraction.
From the start our server was trying to get us to buy raffle tickets.
It didn't stop there.
When she would check on us, she was saying things like "if you like the taste of that, we sell it in our gift shop" and at the end of the meal even asked if she could walk with us to the gift shop (we told her that we didn't want to go earlier and thanked her for the info) to pick somethings out so she could meet her goal since she was in the lead for some sort of competition with the other employees for work.
To put people on the spot so many times is rude.
Ask once and if the customer is interested they will tell you!
What encouraged us to come here was because I have family here in town that is hosting an exchange student from Germany and I thought she would not only like this place, but maybe feel a bit of home.
We sat at nice long table that is shared with the other customers.
I don't personally like that, but that's the theme here so it was fine.
There was live music being played which was cool.
Priced at $19.99 we started out with the "Sausage Tower" at the suggestion of our server.
She said it was a "hidden" menu item since it isn't on the menu and it would give us a good taste of the different sausages they have.
Sounded good to me!
When it arrived, it looked like a tower of heaven.
There were 3 dishes.
1 dish had chicken bratwurst, pork sausage and veal bratwurst on a bed of sauerkraut.
The 2nd dish had krainer, grilled weisswurst and a frankfurter with potato salad.
The 3rd dish had 2 fresh baked pretzels with 2 types of dipping sauces.
Of all the sausages I only really liked the taste of a couple of them, so it was nice to be able to sample it all instead of just ordering a certain sausage dish that I might have had a type of sausage in it that I wasn't to find of.
The pretzels were pretty good and the mustard sauces had good flavor.
For my meal I had priced at $4.95 a "House Salad" and priced at $14.95 the "Grillhendl" which is a chicken dish.
The salad was average, but the chicken dish was above average.
The chicken was roasted and stuffed with parsley, beer butter and onions.
The chicken was crispy and had a good flavor.
It also came with a side of potato salad that was decent.
I certainly didn't leave hungry!
I didn't leave feeling like I would come back though either.
The vibe inside just screamed "gimmick" and "tourist attraction here" which our guest from Germany agreed.
The server was just too pushy about trying to get us to buy different things.
My husbands meal was a joke especially for the price, so I lucked out with the chicken dish I ordered.
I'm glad I experienced Hofbruhaus at least once.

I love this place when I want German food.
We go there for Breakfast and Dinner.

As a vegan, I was really excited about their vegan option.
The place is very unique, because you sit on wooden benches with strangers, people dance on the tables, there's a live ethnic band playing, and waitresses brutally spank people with a paddle when they take a shot.
The food was just all right and overpriced, along with the alcohol (what you'd expect), but it was interesting.

This is one of my favorite restaurants to visit in Vegas!
The large bier garden setting makes for a fun locale to enjoy authentic German cuisine and some delicious brews as well.
There is always live music to add to the atmosphere.
Waitresses walk around offering shots of jaeger, but they come with a spanking.
This is a fun and entertaining tradition, especially when you buy spankings, er I mean shots, for your friends.
The food is delicious and so is the bier, but the prices are little more than what I pay normally.
BUT I do try to temper that knowing that we are in Vegas and everything costs more (even though it did not used to be like that).
If you like German food, bier, music, and atmosphere this is a GREAT night out in Vegas before heading out to party more.
I highly recommend.

So I think this place is completely different at night.
And to be fair, I was here in the middle of the afternoon.
The ambiance is cool.
I liked the big giant hall and getting seated at a table with other people.
And the live music was awesome and fun.
4 stars.
We were seated promptly.
But then waited over 20 minutes and still not a single server had even glanced at us.
Finally, one of the people sitting at the same table as us went to find the server they had (who had just closed them out because her shift was over) and she then came and took our order.
She then even delivered our beers.
No clue what had happened to the assigned server.
When the assigned server did show, there was no apology, no "I'll cover this round of drinks", no nothing.
Not the type of service one is accustomed to in Vegas.
1 star.
When weren't super hungry, so we just ordered the pretzel.
It was a giant pretzel and came with two mustards and the special cheese dip.
It was way over-cooked and not tasty.
2 stars.
The beers were decent.
There were 3 options, plus the seasonal.
They don't offer samples.
3.5 stars.
Meh.
It's basically a tourist trap.
I hope the actual food is good.
Everything seems overpriced.
They're big on pushing the gift shop items.
Not sure if I'll return.

Love their beer!!
I was over the moon when I discovered they had a beer hall in Vegas, so this place was a definite must on places to visit while there.
We had perfect timing as Germany was playing in the World Cup when we happened to swing by.
What an amazingly fun atmosphere.
My husband got the sauerbraten (very tender and not uber sour) and loved it.
I had a bite and definitely wanted more.
I don't tend to like a lot of German food (sorry), just not my flavor palette, but I definitely enjoyed theirs.
I even liked the side of cabbage (my husband didn't as much as another local to us German restaurant).
I had to get the Bavarian Cheese appetizer with pretzel and a caesar salad, both were mouth watering.
But the true highlight for me was their beer.
I was in 7th heaven!!
The downside, they were charging for water - when the bill came they charged us $4 for a bottle of water that normally costs around $1 at a gas station.
This was the most expensive lunch I think I have ever had, but it was worth it for us.
Their hefe weizen is phenomenal!
In case I forgot to mention that before ;P

I felt I was forced to go here coz my wife always wanted to so ok, I want her happy so there we were..the I was (again) forced to upsize my beer to a liter coz she ordered one for herself...
I found the place strange, not somewhere Id hangout plus German style food is not usually on my menu so I was clueless..tall lady with bigunz walkin around with a paddle and grown men willing to get smacked in the backside by her.. Ok the food was good, real good..
The beer was great..
I had another..and by my second one I realized this is the most fun I've had in a while..it was crazy in there, they were nuts!
It was loud and so much stuff goin on.. Singing and dancing most I didn't understand yet I was having a great time.. Just wished I had the pretzels before the beers..it was one hell of a time.. Can't wait to do it again.. Next week...

Awesome place as always.
Best place to watch the World Cup!

It really doesn't get any better than this..This is by far the best German restaurant I've been to hands down.
Food quality is excellent, atmosphere is friendly and inviting .
I do recommend that you make reservations because this place will fill up quickly.
It's oktoberfest 24/7 with all the singing and dancing.
If you are coming for just a dinner and don't want to participate in the festivities that's fine too just remember you will most likely be sharing a table with people you don't know and they may want to stand on the bench style seats and do the chicken dance like everyone else.
Here's a tip..find the girl with the paddle and the shots.
.5.00 ea.
Honey or jagermeister.
If you come to Vegas this IS a MUST stop!
I will be back again!

I'll preface this review by saying German food is not my favorite, so I wasn't overly impressed by the food.
It is a very fun place to go though.
There is live music and you sit at long tables and it has a fun slightly rowdy vibe.
There are Jager girls that come around and sell Jager shots for $5.
In order to get your shot, you have to get paddled, and these girls don't hold back.
They hit hard!
Lifted one guys bum right up over the table.
the best part is they take commerative photos capturing your expression when the board hits your bum.
It's a fun place to go once but not some place I feel the need to go every time I got to Vegas.

I am rating them on the following.
Giant Pretzel $14 (it was not worth $14 maybe $7 or $8), beer's $8 ok,  lemonade $3 and the zinger is you can't get a glass of water with your beer or mixed coctail, you have to pay $3.49 for a bottle of water (that is just lame especially when you are buying a drink).

I have a special place in my heart for Germany and German food after studying abroad in Germany so this place was a must.
The restaurant is huge with benches and tables with an authentic German feel.
The biergarten was absolutely beautiful and the place was pristinely clean.
I went with my mom for lunch and there was barely anyone there.
Our waitress was friendly as can be and went through the menu with us to tell us what her recommendations were.
We ordered the appetizer mini pretzel and the breaded pork with a side of potato salad and cranberry sauce.
The pretzel was really good as well as the meal we were able to share.
Everything was really good.
Their beer also did not disappoint.
I got a Radler which is lemon soda and beer mixed and it was delicious!
I don't know if I will go back but I really enjoyed this place and it brought me back to Germany if only for an hour or two.

I went with my father in law.
He's German and wanted to have lunch there.
Well, the hostess made us wait 20 minutes to finally take us back to an over crowed and very noisy room.
She wanted us to seat and share the table with other people.
Since the huge front of the restaurant was practically empty.
I asked her if could seat there.
She says she had to ask...
While we waited, again, my father starting feeling weak and tried to seat for a minute.
Quickly a waitress came and before he could seat, told us that we could not seat down.
She had an attitude and my father is 87 years old!!!!
I didn't want to argue!!!
So we waited until finally the sat us down!
The waitress we got want that bad.
The food was ok but I expected a lot more from the place!
I think is over priced!
I've had much better breaded chicken in other restaurants and my father wanted the Veal and not the Pork Winnershnitzel but they don't make it here.
I WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN!!!
I don't recommend this place unless you understand the German culture!
It's not a pace to have a relaxed meal.
I do not recommend this place!

Went there for lunch today.
Food is good but we were seriously overcharged.
Our lunch was $48 but the bill came to at our table at $62.
Had to get a manager to correct errors.

I love Hofbrau!
Since I'm from Cincinnati, where just over the river we have an AMAZING Hofbrauhaus ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/hofbrauhaus-newport-newport-2?osq=hofbrau+house ) I've been spoiled by awesome German food and liter beers.
This Vegas Hofbrau both lived up to the Vegas vibe and surprised me (they closed very early for Vegas) there was a good mix of live German and American music, which we all sang to.
Delicious food and flowing beer taps.
The waitresses were very nice and made us feel at home.
Sure, this was a little more expensive than I'm used to, but it's Vegas and the beer was just as delicious as I remember.
If you're up for a fun experience give Hofbrau a chance and remember Liter beers only (Half liters are for wussies)!
Also, as an added Vegas bonus, if you buy a shot they'll bring it to you on a paddle and  even spank you if you're up for it.
Only in Vegas!

Go here only to get smashed and have a good time and you will get smashed and have a good time.
Do not eat here.
_____________________ Ambiance and Location: 5 I've bumped this section to the top because your primary reason for your visit to this place should be to get smashed and have a good time (not fine dining).
We went on the weekend, and it seems like they have a band here on the weekends that really adds to the experience.
This, plus a paddle/jagermeister lady.
The band kept coming around playing a large alphorn.
They had a drinking contest and my girlfriend participated (free beer!).
She lost but overall we had a pretty good time.
I'm local-ish and I would still call this strip-ish.
Close enough for a tourist, but far away enough from the strip to not be considered the strip.
+2 drinking contests, getting the crowd involved.
It would be a good idea to take a _____ here: group of guys to get smashed _____________________ Service Quality: 6 My visit seems to be unlike other reviews.
Our service was prompt, friendly, quick and accurate.
We did notice some people who appeared like they needed better wait service, but this did not impact us (no negative score).
Perhaps if you order the large 1L beers you don't need the waiter to tend to you so much and by ordering the large beers you can be proactive at preventing a bad service experience.
Related but no impact on score: the gift store is friendly.
Though it says they close at midnight parts of the restaurant close earlier so do not come here right at midnight expecting service.
I would recommend 9-10 if you're doing it late.
+1 friendly.
+1 fast.
+1 accurate.
Time it took from ordering to get the food to the table: suspiciously fast (5 minutes, see food section).
_____________________ Food Quality: 1 A big let down.
Most likely I will eat before coming here again.
Only a few of the items we ordered appeared to be scratch made.
I ordered the sausage platter, and I wondered if some of the sausages I got were the same ones I could get canned from World Market.
They looked, felt (mouthfeel for consistency of sausage feeling) and tasted processed, not like scratch-made sausages.
My first thought, even drinking: "I paid $20 for hot dogs ...?
" Even the mashed potatoes were instant, or they were so poorly prepared as to seem like instant mashed potatoes.
To cement this idea that it was instant: the food came out in 5 minutes.
They offer a 'traditional poached style' where your sausages will be delivered in the water they were poached in.
I was open to this, but I bet people will be put off by it; maybe upset if they pay $20 for a single entree.
Overall the food quality was below average, with extravagant prices.
An entree of 4 sausages, instant mashed potatoes and a side of sauerkraut came to $20.
The one good item was the pretzel, which you could--and we did--order with some liver mousse came out to be $16.
So you should probably not come here to eat.
You should come here to get the big 1L beers.
They come in big authentic 1L mugs and are pretty awesome.
This is probably why you came here.
Inevitably you will get drunk and probably order food, which is the only circumstance I would recommend buying the food, so you don't have the weight of paying $20 for instant mashed potatoes on your conscience.
-1 extravagant prices.
-2 deeply disappointed with the food.
+1 great beer.
What I'd get here: just beer.
_____________________ Cleanliness: 5 The restroom was clean, and the tables were clean.
There is a lot of staff here so it's pretty safe.
+2 clean, clean.
Worst health code rating: B once on 5/8/12, A otherwise.
Overall rating: floor(average(ratings)) = floor(4.25) = 4

If you feel you MUST experience some semblance of Oktoberfest while you're in Vegas, this is the place.
My friends and I found ourselves here after we noticed that the British pub Firkin on Paradise was no longer in business.
We figured we could at least grab some cold German beers and comfort food here, and that's what we got.
They have all your wursts and schnitzels here; I got the schnitzel that wasn't all breaded and fried, and I thought it was pretty good, but like most other items on the menu a bit overpriced.
I'd been here once before just to grab a cold brew and it's surprising that they don't have a lot of different beers here; there's only a few varieties, if memory serves.
I just went with a lager, which was a refreshing accompaniment to my hearty meal.
We were kept entertained during the meal by the one-man band playing his heart out on the stage.
Not only did he keep the music going, he got the audience to participate in a stein-holding contest, which was pretty damn impressive, I must say!
Our waitress was friendly but a bit lax when it came to checking on us, even though it wasn't super-busy at the time.
Overall, a solid OK if you're in the mood for this kind of thing!

I came here during my last Vegas trip as I saw it across from the Hard Rock and had to check it out.
Being from Germany and having been to the original in Munich several times i had to see how it compared.
Surprisingly, it was quite similar.
of course the Vegas version, newer, brighter, shinier, much more expensive.
Everything is somewhat authentic, the menu items served are correct, how they are prepared, not so much.
I would not come eat here, but if you want a HUGE German beer and a different atmosphere than the rest of Vegas, this would be the place to check out.

unless you're a soccer (futbol) hooligan do not go here during world cup soccer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
holy crap at 5pm there were so many drunk doucheburgers (and i like to party yo) i actually had to leave fearing i'd end up in a fight and in a lv jail.

Although it wasn't busy when we went, I'd recommend anyone go there for a very fun, albeit goofy, German experience.
They have live music and do silly things.
A lady with shots for $5 that includes a free spanking.
lol.
I was chosen as a bell ringer for a song and automatically entered into the beer chugging contest.
I won, of course.
After all, two German's on holiday that we met brought us there.
I had to impress!
We drank the ale, but didn't eat.

Great German experience!
This location mirrors the original German location, apparently.
The live band was great!
The servers are dressed in German bar maid attire.
The gal walking around selling shots & giving spankings was a hoot!
Very lively and noisy place indeed, but for sure a fun place.
The food was good that we had.
The dessert was ok.
The apple shots we had after dinner were yummy.
Fun to be there with a group, not a good conversational restaurant.
We had fun and enjoyed our German cuisine.

We have taken all three kids there for their 21st birthdays.
Good German food & beer.
Love the band singing drinking songs.
Great atmosphere.
Have been to the one in Munich several times so I can compare.
This is the first time we had been there without a group.
Still had fun with the people at our table.
Take a taxi from the strip and you will not be sorry.

Overpriced, commercialized, Vegas stop.
$9 for a mug of beer?
Really!
The only thing that was great was the German band.
Waitresses would look like men if they had short hair.

