Full disclosure, owned by personal friends.
That said, I know how much thought went into this place and it shows.
The best cheese curds in town, which should put them high in the running for best cheese curds in the universe.
The Lazy Susans are a great sconnie take on meze.
Egg-topped buger was fantastic.
This was my first liquid old fashioned experience.
They are tasty and come in various permutatations, the table favorite was made with applejack.
Ho-maid ice cream an excellent finish, recomend the buttered beer nut.
Lactose intolerants, veg, maybe vegans can find something.

The Old Fashioned is a testiment to Wisconsin cuisine.
Named after the unoffical state cocktail, it serves up a variety of supper club staples all prepared with a loving touch.
With staff from local foodie favorites Harvest and Lombardino's on board, every entree has a touch of class.
Sandwiches and appertizers are the order of the day with everything being reasonably priced.
Check out the cheese curds, a lazy susan, and the double brat (Sheboygan classic).
Wash it all down with an Old Fashioned (Korbel.
Muddled.
Always.
) or a beer from the impressive booze list.

Very, very busy & crowded but fun.
Had an absolutely perfect meal, best Friday night fish fry dinner of my life.
Be prepared to wait for a table, it will be worth your time!

I'd have to disgree with the previous reviews.
I ate lunch at The Old Fashioned Last week and I was frankly not impressed.
Basically this restaurant is just an upscale Culver's.
You order your food at the bar and they give you what appears to be a cow ear tag with a number on it.
It took over a half hour for my friend and I to get our lunches, and we actually had to ask a staff member what the hold up.
It was crowded, but how long can a burger and a bowl of soup take?
My friend ordered her cheeseburger medium and it came well done, and my soup and salad cost $12!!!
The pumpkin soup was good, but not stellar and the salad definitely wasn't worth 8 bucks.
The only nice thing is that you don't have to worry about a tip, so that helps to justify the prices.
All-in-all, I love the concept and will probably give it another shot for dinner, but I can't justify $12 for a mediocre lunch.
2 1/2 Stars.

Tuesday is taco night and they're a buck-fifty each.
Fish fry can't be beat.
The house brew is tasty, and Huber, so automatically awesome.
They serve only Wisconsin beer.
They put popcorn in the soup.
They are meticulous about making this place a Wisconsin cultural gem.
Stellar.

I just ate/drank at the old fashioned for the first time saturday night (4/22).
I can personally vouch for the deliciousness that is the macaroni and cheese.
oohhh man...if you are a true wisconsinite at heart, then i encourage you to try this cheesy goodness.
i just drank my favorite spotted cow, but everyone else at the table had old fashioneds, and liked them.
nice vibe...very laid back and chill.
not trendy at all.
and the server was very attentive even though it was busy.
the atmosphere is very wisconsin, but it was missing one thing - no hunter orange :)

I went to the Old Fashioned around brunch time on a Sunday and it was a bit crowded.
We were sort of in a hurry so the wait for our lunches seemed long, but were we not in a hurry it would have been alright.
I liked the menu, there were a lot of interesting Wisconsin specialties including cheese plates, which I thought was a cool mix of slightly upscale and Wisconsin.
Nice atmosphere, great prices and good food.
I didn't love my grilled vegetable sandwich, but I didn't read the menu close enough to realize it had an olive spread on it, and I'm not a huge olive fan.
It was well-grilled and the fries were terrific, so no complaints overall.

Wisconsin cuisine du terroir at its finest.
Anyone who grew up with a grandmother who made sandwiches that consisted of a dense wagon wheel of summer sausage between two slices of bread can now lunch on The Old Fashioned's amazing No.
38, in which red onions, mustard and meunster cheese lovingly complement the shaved summer sausage folds cuddled between country bread slices.
And it's toasted!
(I admit I get weak in the knees for toasted sandwiches.
) In fact, most the sandwiches are divine, and I've also heard great things about the lazy susan dishes.
The decor is old-world Wisconsin but more in a I-bought-this-on-ebay way than found-in-my-grandpa's-garage.
Still, it's pretty cool to revisit the beer signs and woodiness of some of the taverns of my childhood, even if I am paying $8 for a summer sausage sandwich.
Skip the evening scene and pedal your ass up there for lunch to gawk at the pols and oldies while enjoying your No.
38.
The place can get pretty packed, though (even at lunchtime) so get there early, and come hungry!

I've been to The Old Fashioned 6 times now.
So I feel comfortable giving a review.
The Old Fashioned is just not that great.
I grew up in small town Wisconsin and have a firm grasp on Wisconsin supper clubs.
I've eaten at Baumgartner's dozens of times.
And I just don't think The Old Fashioned is worth my time.
Every visit I've left feeling uninspired and not really wanting to go back.
But I have.
The latest meal was brunch.
I had the walleye & eggs.
They got the eggs right (heh), but the walleye "beer" batter had virtually no beer taste.
I grew up in a family that cooked my dad's fresh caught walleye and perch with beer batter and mom's tasted of beer.
duh.
Also, the "rosemary" potatoes were lacking in rosemary.
(you see a trend?).
The GF ordered a medium rare hamburger which was well done and tasted significantly of garlic.
They shoulda called it a bad breath burger maybe?
And the waiter wasn't all that great.
Forgetting our juice and not being all too concerned with a special request the GF made.
This place isn't terrible, but it certainly isn't all that great.
I'm officially giving up on The Old Fashioned starting today.
I gave it a shot, which I always do, but it just didn't work out.
If you really want to experience down home supper club food, there are other places in Madison where they aren't acting the part.
Plus, if you have a car, drive down to Monroe and get a liverwurst  and onion sandwich or a Limburger if you're more adventurous.
Either way, it's the real thing and not a marketing gimmick.
I'm not totally down on The Old Fashioned.
It is what it is and makes a lot of people happy.
Just that if you're looking for something special, this ain't the place.
Oh, one last thing.
If you like your food with more butter or cheese than expected/accepted/necessary, then maybe this is the place for you.
They aren't shy with these ingredients.

Ever have an upscale bratwurst?
Well, my friend, are you in for a treat.
Pair it up with Wisconsin's staple cocktail, the Old Fashioned and you have yourself a great little bar/restaurant.
The decor is super cool as well...
I was impressed with the back wall behind the bar with all of the really sweet vintage beer signs and with the comfy leather booths.
We were in here with a group for a nice relaxing dinner one night and then again a couple days later for some pre-wedding reception drinking and dice throwing.
When you pop in here, you have to try the deep fried cheese curds, they are the best I've ever tasted.
Easily one of the best additions to the capital square I've seen in years.
Next time I'm back visiting my college town, the rumor is the walley sandwich can contend with the best Louisiana po' boy sandwich any day.

Ok, i've only been here once, but i loved it!
Can't wait to go back.
I'll up date my review then...  Update: been back a couple times.
It's still good.
Service, atmosphere, and location are all great.
The menu is huge and pretty good.
It's a tribute to supper clubs, but i don't really get the supper club feel so much.
Get the deep-fried cheese curds, they are the best in town!

Very crowded and somehwat loud but the service was quite friendly and efficient.
We've only tried the sandwiches and salads there and they were exquisitely prepared.
Very West Coast, not too much food but high on quality and superior in taste.
Ice cream was above average.
A good stand-by for brunch.

I went there once.
The food was overpriced, underdelicious, and what I mostly remember was that it took FOREVER.
It was brunch time on a Saturday morning, but even taking that into consideration, there's no reason it should have taken 15 minutes for me to get my coffee.
If I remember correctly, my companion didn't even get her drink until asking the waitress several times.

Haven't eaten here, but the namesake drink is great, and the $1.50 Hamms and other legacy beers are even better when you're drinking on a budget.

Of all the places to sample Sconnie cuisine the Old Fashioned would be my last choice.
Every time I am required to enter this establishment I am reminded that I am in the minority.
The Old Fashioned is always packed.
I have been there 4 times and not all of these times have been your typical busy lunch/brunch rush hour times.
You may not have to wait for a table but you are going to have to wait forever for your drinks, food, and server.
I hate to knock the service but there simply has to be something wrong.
It makes me suspect that they are consistently understaffed or poorly managed.
As for the food, it is nothing to sing the praises of.
Either it is over priced deep fried something or it isn't very Sconnie at all.
Although the chili makes a good effort and is pretty tasty.
For lunch, brunch, or dinner (respectively) try The Great Dane, The Marigold Kitchen, or The Orpheum for a better overall dining experience.

the sunday brunch is well worth trying.
they open at 9a, so if you get there early, you'll avoid the crowd during this popular weekend pastime; or at least you'll be ahead of the game.
the walleye is crisply fried, not with the beer-batter you think of when imagining every other fish fry; but a darker, thinner batter that allows you to still taste the fish.
the sunny-side up eggs are never under or over done.
they also feature two daily scrambles, one vegetarian, and one meaty.
i've yet to try the scramble as the walleye has me every visit.
their bloody mary's are made with very veggie tomato juice, as opposed to a bland tomato mix; which makes them taste like they used fresh-squeezed tomato juice.
they also have a coffee bean roasted by ancora especially for them, and it's never weak.
it's worth the $2 for a never ending cup.
expect to spend $25 for brunch and coffees for two; add more for a bloody or mimosa.

i like food that is not meal food but not appetizer food... cheese plates, meat trays, etc.
this is a great inexpensive way to eat food like you'd eat it out of your fridge.
a little of this, a little of that.
only its probably better than what you'd find in your fridge (and i keep good food in mine).
beers were interesting.
i liked the IPA.
sitting in the window looking out at the capitol wasn't too shabby either.
(please note: i was doing the tourist thing and i think this is probably a great tourist spot)

It is what it is - an edible monument to the best food and drink of Wisconsin.
The food is carefully chosen from the best local meat, cheese producers, often organic as well.
It is (how to say it...) indulgent, certainly.
They offer updated, creative versions of classics, and have resurrected some long-lost foods.
DO NOT MISS: The cheese curds are, quite simply, a masterpiece.
As a life-long connoisseur of these delectable bites, I am now ruined for any other.
After eating the OF's, I can't bring myself to eat cheese curds anywhere else.
And the delicious, hearty, flavorful sauces (tiger blue, paprika, garlic) make them all the more wonderful.
And the homemade chips, fries, and onion haystacks are marvelous too.
Food:  Fish fry, brunch, egg-and-bacon-topped-burger, OH MY!
It's hard for me to understand the problems people had with the food.
It's not delicate food but it is delicious.
They offer several different kinds of fish for the fish fry at three different price levels - walleye, perch, and maybe bluegill?
(I haven't had the walleye, but the other two are awesome - and the tartar sauce is cool and tangy.
)  I've had brunch there a few times - the bloody mary is a must-drink, garnished creatively and with a classic Sconnie beer chaser.
I've had eggs benedict, omlettes, and some type of amazing french toast and been pleased with all of them.
The burgers, grilled chicken sandwich, and mac and cheese are also too yummy for words.
I'm not a fan of their brandy vinagrette dressing, but the specialty salads are yummy - one with cherries and another with beets - for those that would prefer to avoid a heart attack.
Service: The bartenders know how to make a good drink, and their service is wonderful.
I've had pretty good luck with the servers and never waited too long to be seated.
I think they were understaffed several months ago but they have been accomodating of me when I have needed to get in and out.
Like any popular and new restaurant, they have their growing pains.
On the whole, it beats many of Madison's restaurants in service, since irritated and uninformed servers seem the norm in this town.
(Or maybe it's just my east coast sensibility that expects a bit more.
)   Atmosphere: The lighting is beautiful, the mood friendly, the seating comfortable, and the music is unobtrusive but interesting - honkey tonk and bluegrass during the day and everything under the sun at night.
The best part is the huge circular booths across from the bar, which is the perfect place to gather with friends.
The bartenders are friendly, so if you're just in a two- or three-some, consider sitting at the bar.
They also occassionally have live music at night, which can be great fun.
All in all, it's a hit.
If you're looking for an expensive, fancy, refined meal or a fast food experience, you won't find it at The Old Fashioned.
But if you want a fun restaurant experience, a great meal made with excellent, fresh ingredients, and good value for your money, you've got it.

A comfy wood-panelled establishment with good beers on tap and a diverse menu featuring foods from local dairies and farms.
And Yum!!
They serve the most innovative country take on Eggs Benedict I've had, featuring an English muffin, a bratwurst patty, a perfectly cooked egg, and a delicious dijon cream sauce.
Their breakfast potatoes are also wonderfully tender and seasoned with kosher salt and rosemary.
Pure breakfast heaven!!
I should also mention that they offer a number of cheese and sausage plates as part of their lunch and dinner selections.
Who can resist that?
And cheese curds.
Oh, the cheese curds.

Grade: B-  The very boring looking place doesn't detract from the good service and prices too much.
At least you will be able to shove more of this good food in your mouth when you're yawning.

Four stars for The Old Fashioned.
Mainly those four stars are for the drinks & beers here though.
I respect a place that not only names itself after a classic cocktail, but one that has also has a great selection of Wisconsin beers; from top of line brews that include multiple selections from New Glarus, Gray's, Capital Brewery, Harbor City Brewing Company & Sprecher to lesser beers that may or may not give you gut rot, like Pabst, Rhinelander, Old Style, Hamm's and Schlitz.
The food is classic Wisconsin food that can be found in countless restaurants and brew pubs across Madison & the rest of state.
The difference here is that the Old Fashioned takes many of those staple dishes found across the state and spruces them up a bit.
What does that mean?
It means that instead of normal condiments and french fries as a side dish, you get things like lemon-caper tartar sauce, dill potato salad, pickled beets, smoked paprika sauce, spinach & beet salad, etc.
I personally dig it.
Yeah, I'm paying for a fancy version of food I can find down at Fat Jack's, or the Silver Eagle Bar & Grill in Monona, but it's the little things that spice up life, right.
Plus here, my veggie friends can still find some quality food on the menu instead of just having to eat a basket of cheese curds (of course they could still do that here too).

Local watering hole specializing in 'the old fashioned', a classic cocktail from back in the day.
With about a dozen variations, along with many, many good Wisconsin microbrews, this is where you go to get some beer and brats.
Forget State Street Brats, which is generally overrun with college football goons trying to pickup on anything that moves, go here and get one of their good sandwiches, their salad, with brandy vinaigrette (yum), or the sausage sampler platter - one Sheboygan bratwurst, (pork or pork & beef) one knackwurst (smoked beef), and one weissewurst (veal) served on a plate with mustard and sauerkraut.
This is a great way to take in the local, German fare, and appreciate the fact that great meat and great beer goes hand in hand.
Trust me - the Germans can't be wrong!

A terrific find in the locavore vein, recommended to us by multiple locals when we tried to find a place to have lunch on Sunday before leaving to come home to NYC.
The menu is chockablock with regional dishes with locally produced ingredients, many artisanal and delicious.
Peter asked to have an item on the regular menu (Wisconsin's Best Wurst Platter) when they were only serving brunch and they were happy to oblige him.
Service was terrific--knowledgeable, friendly and well-informed.
I had a bloody mary that was slighly less good than the one I had at Smoky's the night before, but also came with a PBR chaser.
Peter had an Oktoberfest brew from the New Glaurus brewery which turns out some of the best beers I have ever had.
Peter was dying for brats and sausage, being in Wisconsin, and the selection offered did not disappoint.
Bavaria Sausage Kitchen's Nuremberg knockwurst, bratwurst and weisswurst were grilled to perfection, and served with two regional mustards, sauerkraut and grilled country bread.
I ordered the House burger, of local beef, sauteed onions, Bavaria's house-cured bacon, local cheddar, garlic sauce and a fried egg on a toasted Kaiser roll that had the DOUGH PULLED OUT over where the egg needed to go, so that the yolk would only break when you wanted it to.
It came with rosemary potatoes, which are new red bliss quarters that are battered, seasoned and fried.
Not overly greasy, they were light and fluffy and fully of potato flavor.
It was quite simply the best burger I have ever eaten, bar none.
So fresh, so delicious and so well balanced that I haven't stopped thinking about it since I left Wisconsin.
We finished with cheese plate number 4, which changes according to availability, but ours had a sheeps' milk Camembert style, a 15-year-aged cheddar style and a pecorino.
They came with walnuts, granny smith apple slices and local honey, and were the perfect way to end the meal.
Coffee was terrific too.
One of the best finds in the area.
If you love food, eat here.

Not bad, but not incredible either.
We came here with company that spanned two tables and we could barely squeeze ourselves in.
We had to hunt for a spare chair, which in my opinion, tooked too long.
My other complaint was that their so called fried cheese curds were the worst I ever tasted...too greasy, not flavorful, and served with blue cheese dressing (gross).
Granted, the Walleye sandwich was tasty.
It honestly was so big that it nearly provided "a wall" for my plate.
I got major props for finishing it and filled me up just so!
Whatever the salad dressing was, I enjoyed it because it was light - yet not vinegarette which I despise.
In addition, I tried their fallen apple cider brewed on the premises and it was a nice thirst quencher.
I would return, but I wasn't blown away.
Too bad this restaurant is always packed!

I love the lazy susan appetizers to share and I cannot rave enough about the Walleye sandwich.
It was unbelievable.

I've been here on numerous occasions, half the time I've just been there to drink and I had a marvelous time.
The other half have been to eat, have a beer, watch a game or so.
Not the best.
They attempt to do the classic Wisconsin supper club, but with a Madison twist.
I'd say they more or less accomplish that, to good and bad ends.
Let me explain:  The interior is full of classic Wisconsin beer signs, the food is full of classic Wisconsin supper club food replete with fish fries and burgers  (and one with an egg on it).
The bartenders are friendly and the place is usually really full during evening dinner rush.
Very good selection of Wisconsin beers.
But... Wisconsin supper club food is a fatty, heavy, salty affair.
If you're into gut rot 40 minutes later, then that's awesome.
I was hoping they'd keep the Wisconsin attitude and type of food, but lose the grease.
They didn't.
It's a bit much.
And their namesake drink?
Well, they offer a couple interesting alternatives to the classic Wisconsin drink.
They even offer it with whiskey, ha!
But it's not the best old fashioned I've had.
It's probably not even in the top five.
I don't know how you mess that up, but I wasn't a fan.
So it's a cool interior but the food is really greasy.
So, yeah.
Good luck one hour after you've scarfed down that burger with the egg on top.
Wash it down with a mediocre old fashioned.

If you live in Madison and you are trying to think about where to bring visitors, this IS the place.
Pros: -Best fried cheese curds on the planet -Their paprika dip could be it's own food group -Their prices are really phenomenal $5 for a burger and crispy perfectly cooked fries?
A steal -Their drinks are tasty!
-Great beer list -Sits right on the Capitol Square   Cons: -It can get downright loud in there where you can't hear what the person next to you is saying (but the pro to this is great people watching) -Sometimes can have a long wait (but again, such is the curse of great restaurants)  Eat here.
Period.

My favorite place to "drink.
" I don't care too much about the food.
But their "Bourbon Old Fashioned" is fantabulous.
Also, unlike a lot of state street places, the place is much more for grown ups.
The bar has nice thick wood counter, the bartenders are professional and they do know how to mix good drinks.
Friday nights gets crazy busy, but Tuesday / Wednesday late nights are more manageable and relaxing.

The last time I was in Madison I ate here twice in one day.
That, I believe, is a testament to my faith in and adoration for this establishment.
The burgers are reliably first rate and the paprika sauce is so good that I would bathe it in.
It would probably have good effects on the skin anyway.
The drink specials are usually pretty great too - each month they  feature a local-ish brew which they sell for cheap and the "double bubble" special on some weeknights from 10:30pm to midnight allows you to get  2 for 1 taps and rail mixers.
This restaurant encapsulates my profound love for Wisconsin.

Breakfast review.
I turned up there this morning and was really pleased with what was on offer.
First, the bar was decorated with frightenly large (and scary yummy looking) apple fritters under traditional glass cake domes.
Offered by the quarter (no you don't need to order a whole one) thats more than enough of that deep-fried-frosted-frittery-goodness.
Breakfast options were many and while deciding we were treated to some curiously strong coffee - just the way I like it.
Of all the organic-ish, local-ish ingredients it was hard to decide - but, I finally settled in on the scramble of the day with sage sausage, aged cheddar and sweet onions swimming with les ouefs.
Brilliant.
Friendly staff, not crowded but, by the time we left it was filling up....

greasy wisconsin goodness.
the vegetarian sandwich is REALLY greasy.
The salads are awesome.
I mean, who really goes on and on about a salad?
I never did, until I ate here.
I love the brandy vinaigrette it is so good!!
I wish they would bottle it and sell it cause I'd buy it for sure!
the onion strings are horribly amazing.
then the cheese curds, duh.
wow.
the cheese platter is pricey, but good.
Bomb Bloody Marys.
Now I have to go get myself one.
Right now.

A wonderful restaurant serving the best foods of Wisconsin.
A wide varieties of cheese, beer, etc.
Today I had the fried haddock sandwich and fries for lunch - very good.
Lunch is handled differently than most places - you're seated with menus and then you go up a register to order and pay.
Someone brings out your food shortly after.
The lunch menu is smaller than the dinner menu, alas, but lunchtime is pretty crowded.
This has gotta be one of the best restaurants in Madison.

Visiting from SF Bay, in early April, I suffered from the bland starchiness pervasive in Wisconsin food.
TOF made it all worth it and actually made me feel like I get ripped off in CA far too often.
With beers, I discovered the $1 snacks- pickled egg, jowl, a bunch of other stuff I can't remember.
Salty, vinegary, fatty, and adventurous; perfect match to my beers.
For lunch, that burger bomb with grilled onions, cheese, and egg on top really put me over the edge.
I knew it was all fat so I picked the salad to go with it.
Didn't miss a single fry.
The bloody mary was the best I've ever had.
My pregnant wife had it virgin and I didn't miss a thing.
There's homemade pickled good thingsf in that one, too; very well made.
In a place where serving local food seems difficult, they made it seem dumb not to.
A similar experience in CA would go for twice the price.

I've been to the Old Fashioned quite a few times since it opened in 2005 and I've never come away disappointed.
I especially enjoy how the restaurant has improved on the traditional Wisconsin fare that is found in supper clubs throughout the state.
I enjoy the classic supper clubs as much as the next guy, but in my opinion the Old Fashioned exceeds these establishments by using higher quality local ingredients and a fresh dose of experimentation.
Now it should be stressed that the Old Fashioned is NOT a supper club.
I've gone there with friends that were under this impression, and it lessened their opinions of the place because they were expecting the usual prime rib specials and relish tray.
No, this is a downtown restaurant and bar on the Square, with food that combines the traditional with modern flavors.
The food at the Old Fashioned is the main reason I never hesitate in coming back.
I'm especially fond of the roast beef tenderloin sandwich (#42) - maybe my favorite roast beef sandwich of all time.
The turkey breast and the pulled pork are also perfectly balanced sandwiches, and the chicken (#37 - sans the mayo) is another stand-by.
I haven't screwed up the courage to order the summer sausage sandwich quite yet, but every time I inch a bit closer to doing so.
The Old Fashioned Burger, with fried onions, bacon, cheddar and an egg, has always looked to be too much for me, but my friend ordered it last night and he indicated that I should not miss the opportunity in the future.
The side salads that come with the sandwiches are very good, but I have a hard time passing up the fries, which are perfectly salted and crispy.
I would also suggest trying one of the cheese platters before a meal, especially if someone else is buying.
The bar is well-stocked and there is an excellent tap selection of local brews.
There always seems to be running specials (last night was pitchers of Tyranena Honey Blonde for $9).
I have not tried the signature cocktail, however.
I'm not partial to brandy, but my mother, an aficienado of the brandy old fashioned sweet if there ever was one, enjoyed hers, though she was quick to point out that the drink at "her" bar will always be the undisputed king.
The only drawbacks to the place are that it can get loud and that it is seemingly always busy.
Fortunately you can order from the bar instead of wait for a table, and the meals tend to come quickly when you're at the bar, which helps speed things along if you're in a hurry.
The entree prices are a bit on the high side but balance out with the drink specials, so overall the place is a pretty good value for downtown.

I think I like the idea of this place more than the food.
Everything looks and sounds delicious but is generally underwhelming.
The burgers are okay, the mac and cheese isn't nearly as good as it looks, the brat plate is good but nothing I couldn't make myself, and the fries are only decent.
This place is really popular so its hard to get a table, loud, and the service passable but not much more.
If I do go back it would be to try the walleye sandwich at lunchtime.
The drinks are good, especially the brandy old-fashioned that the restaurant is named after.

The food I've had there has been relatively good.
The Wed/Fri night fish fry was great.
They have quite a few interesting drinks, so I don't have to stick to the vodka & soda routine that usually have to.
I like the place a lot, though, as far as service & environment.
It's really casual, and any Wisconsin sporting event (Packers, Brewers, Badgers, Bucks) will be on their TVs.
My boyfriend LOVES the food, maybe I've just had a couple mediocre rarities.
He gets the Old Fashioned Burger, which has a cooked egg on the top - I think it sounds gross but he swears up & down that it's GREAT, and he's an expert :)  All of the servers & bartenders I've interacted with have been polite, accomodating, helpful, and went out of their way to accomodate and be nice to us.
The mac & cheese is also excellent ;)

Let's give it up for good 'ol fashioned Wisconsin food!
The pun was totally intended, by the way.
I am *in love* with the Old Fashioned Burger.
It's the most cholesteroltastic thing I've put in my body in a long, long time.
It doesn't just have meat and cheese, it also has bacon, caramelized onions, a garlic-cream sauce, AND a fried egg.
Yes, please.
If you want to be a hero, you can get it with fries... but to avoid a heart attack, you can get it with a nice mixed-green salad instead.
They also have $1-2 bottles of beer all the time.
I'm sorry, but you can't beat the awesomeness there.
I've heard the brunch is excellent, but have yet to experience it for myself.
There's usually a fairly long wait....fortunately there are the $1 beers to keep you company.

Im in good 'ol Madison visiting family and was taken to the old fashioned.
Of course I had to try the signature drink - the old fashioned which is a brandy based cocktail with some orange slices and a maraschino cherry.
It's sweet and really allows the flavor of the brandy to come through.
I currently have have an appetite that makes all-you-can-eat buffet owners cringe and at TOF I got soup, (1/2) salad and a sandwich w/ salad on the side.
My pulled pork sandwich was tasty with the sweet relish inside.
It wasn't dripping with overpowering bbq sauce - a big plus.
Itjust wasn't enough to fill me up and i'm glad I got the other two dishes.
Overall I'd say the old fashioned is a big notch above pub grub but the menu which is heavy on the sandwiches and light on full plates of food leaves something to be desired.

I had a perfectly respectable meal at The Old Fashioned.
Burger, with egg on top, and fries were pretty good and reasonably sized.
Some of our friends ordered the cheese sampler and I nibbled on a few pieces, but I'm not much of a cheese-head and my opinion of cheese, or Wisconsin's interpretations of it, was not elevated by anything I tried.
I didn't really dig my girlfriend's pulled pork sandwich.
It was kind of soggy and the bread didn't seem appropriate.
My second fried egg on burger experience, at The Old Fashioned, has made me a fan of that style.
The atmosphere is kitschy, but not like a fist to the face.
I'd go again.

This is my fail-safe, go-to restaurant for out-of-state visitors looking for an authentic dairyland gustatory experience.
The cheese curds are the best in town, that I've found thus far, and the beer list is over flowing with great Wisconsin micro and craft brews.
The lunch service is a little awkward (the servers only get you drinks, you have to get up and order food from the bar).
But I still love the place.
It's good for *well-behaved* kids, but let it be known that the Old Fashioned is *not* TGI Friday's.
Point of clarification; they do NOT take reservations, regardless of the "votes" indicating otherwise.

I agree with Tim B.
The best cheese curds in town and fail-safe.
I always have a good time and good conversation here (though be forewarned, it's loud!).
I dig the scene and the ambiance, the drinks are *very* affordable and flow readily (great beer specials & I love their old fashioned!).
No.
20 is delicious -- can't go wrong with Door County cherries -- and the salad seemingly offsets the inevitable amount of cheese curds and alcohol I will consume at this venue.
Though I have been known, on occasion, to order the grilled cheese with bacon.
Shame.
The service is potentially spotty -- especially on Friday and Saturday nights.
In fact, on one occasion I'm quite sure our waitress was completely stoned.
Water refills are also hard to come by sometimes.
That said, I've never waited more than 20 minutes even with large parties.
And the apple pie with a slice of Hook's aged cheddar?
Don't pass it up.

I WILL NEVER AGAIN EAT HERE SOBER!!!
I'm a vegetarian, so I can't say much about the burgers.
I can, however, vouch for the fact that the grilled cheese and roasted veggie sandwiches were the most tasteless, greasy things I've eaten in a loooong time.
The dressing that comes on the side salad contains bacon, which is something people should be made aware of.
Even the cheese curds were nasty.
I'm not sure if they ran out of their usual curds, cuz the ones I had at Taste of Madison were delicious.
The curds I ate last time were flavorless and greasier than cheese curds should be.
In addition, the ceiling is so high and the place is so warehouse-like that decent, sober conversation is nearly impossible.
I might head back to The Old Fashioned for drinks sometime, but I certainly won't be the person suggesting it!

Locals told those of us that were travelling that this was a great pub with great grub!
The mac and cheese was so tasty and the fried cheese curds were great.
We don't have cheese curds in Washington, so we really enjoyed them.
They had about five different dip options, all of which were really good.
The lemondrop was a little odd - west coast lemondrops have lemon juice, whereas this one had more of a syrupy consistency.
All in all, a great place to try.

"Stately and pleasantly it sat, A compact house and strong.
Then I went in: The door of it was hung beef, the threshold was dry bread,  cheese-curds the walls.
" -12th Century Traditional Celtic Song.
Who knew that cheese curds were musical?
I had a hunch, but, until last night, I hadn't had the opportunity to sing their song.
They are squeaky balls of fried goodness that locals may take for granted, but this chronic traveler is freakin excited about them.
If you wanna devirginize your curdishness, please do it at Madison's The Old Fashioned.
That they are just a side dish to a full menu of amazing food and drink is a bonus.
A production of Madama Butterfly brought me to Madison, and The Old Fashioned was recommended to me by many locals.
So a few colleagues and I ventured over from our place nearby on Capitol Square, on a frigid, snow-flurrying Sunday evening.
The menu is fairly big, but unlike some of the major pubfood-make-a-pig of-yourself-chains, each item on this local gem's menu seemed to relate somehow to each other.
It was as if you could choose any three things from the menu, in any combo, and have a great meal.
After a pal and I shared the fried cheese curds and stopped crying from the pleasure, I chose the Old Fashioned Burger.
It was perfectly done, and crowned with a delicious fried egg.
The gooey yolk (called dippy eggs where I come from) mixed with the "garlic sauce" on the burger.
Is it sad that I could have eaten two of these?
My colleagues had the Scandavian Chicken dinner and the salmon salad.
Perhaps the chicken was a little dry, but it was such a generous, fresh portion that you found a way to adjust your taste buds to enjoy the dryness.
It's sorta like pretending to enjoy the taste of shrooms when preparing to trip out on them.
The payoff is worth it.
This was all chased with a New Glarus Organic Revolution, which was on tap for $2.50 a pint (what?
) and a piece of the apple pie with aged Wisconsin cheddar on top.
When I say a piece, I mean an entire wedge.
I have a few more weeks in Madison, and am looking forward to trying a few other things at the Old Fashioned.
The menu of "lazy susans" really has my attention right now....one with brats and sausages and  deviled eggs...come on.
Squeaky curds-freakishly addictive, like the finest, phattiest herbal blunt, but way cheaper.

First off, I really hate waiting around for a table, so the fact that I go here even when they don't take reservations should tell you something.
The Mr. and I have been here several times, weekends mostly, and I'm always up for their Friday fish fry.
Can't remember which night (Tues, mayhap?
) but Taco Night is also interesting, in a good way.
You must order whatever the drink special of the evening is- each time I've been amazed at old Wisconsin drinks I've never heard of before.
Bartenders are attentive and friendly, the location's great and I've never had a bad meal or experience here.

Atmosphere is fun, energetic, and always busy- a great place for groups or just getting a drink after work and feeling like you're really from Wisconsin/Madison.
Tap beer selection is enormous (25 or so to choose from, all from WI) and staff is very helpful.
Menu is large, full of sandwiches and burgers, but I really wouldn't stray too far from the cheesecurds, onion strings, soup, and burgers if you want to feel truly satisfied for the money you spend.
Happy Hour is good- 2-4-1 rails and taps- but get their early because it is only from 3-5pm.
Only time I was ever disappointed by the place (in the 30+ times I've been there) is when we got a cheese platter- the cheese was interesting, but for $13 i need a lot more than 3 slices of cheese, a few walnuts,  and 2 apple slices.
All in all, great any time of day for drinks or food!
watch out, though- they don't take reservations so weekends get crazy.

Great cheese curds.
The menu does not have many vegetarian options, but the mac and cheese was quite tasty, and the salads are gigantic.

Good, solid brunch.
Selection is bigger than most brunch menus I've pored over and the coffee is excellent.
I had one of their scrambles - which is supposed to be their pseudo omelette - with a side of bacon.
The seasoned potatoes on the side were lukewarm and dry, but they weren't supposed to be the star of the plate anyway, so it didn't bother me.
Everything was done quickly, despite the fact that the joint was packed to the gills with a mixed crowd of gay couples, college students, middle aged folks and families.
Service was brusque but not unfriendly.
Prices were more than reasonable.
I'd love to go back to see how they rock lunch/dinner.

The Old Fashioned House Burger is the second best burger I've ever had.
I'd like to comment on other food, but honestly I've never had a reason to try anything else (though I've heard good things).
Only downside is the number of people this place attracts on the weekends.
Its tough to get a table in under 30 minutes and there usually isn't a place to park yourself while you wait since the bar is typically full.

I love the food.
The staff is generally great.
But the wait on a Saturday night can be very long.
This last Saturday we waited 2 hours and 20 minutes for a table for 4, as we watched them seat larger groups that came in after us.
It was a very frustrating experience.
We were quoted a 1.5 hour wait as the worse case senario.
That being said, the food is top notch (the best tuna salad sandwich I've ever had!
) and the drinks are great.

The old fashioned is one of those places that you want to hate because it seems so cliche- but you can't.
In fact, every time you visit, you become a bigger fan.
Reasons to love it: * Cheese curds (and cheese platters) * Cocktails are amazing (and late night happy hour) and they have a ridiculous bar selection * Monthly beer specials (sometimes $4/pitcher) * Food is pretty solid * Great place to take out of town visitors - it's like Wisconsin in a restaurant *Late night happy hour - 1030-12 - two for one's  Some negatives- it gets packed really easily and sometimes you can wait a long time for a table, and also is a pretty tight space.
They should get a little more space.

Great drinks, great food, great atmosphere, great place to go.
You will have to wait but it will be worth it.

If you are looking for great food at a decent price then the Old Fashioned is the place.
The food here is AMAZING.
You should make sure you have a burger with an egg on it, especially if it is a Monday night (buy one get one free burgers for 5.95).
A few other favorites include beer cheese soup, deep fried cheese curds with paprika sauce, and friday night fish fry (or if its not friday the wall-eye sandwich is a delicious substitute).
They have an extensive selection of local brews and the best old-fashioned's anywhere.
In my opinion I've tried almost everything on the menu and never once been disappointed.
Everything is fresh from WI.
Some nights it gets really busy, and it is quite loud.
Its a great place for a good time with friends.

Honestly, without regard to the food / atmosphere / etc (which are all very, very good) this bar deserves 5 stars for it's beer selection alone.
They went on a crusade to get samples of as many local (WI) breweries as possible, and now have a full 30 taps and 120 bottles, all of which are locally brewed (they do have 3 "imports", bud, bud lite and....?).
In particular, they often keep the higher priced seasonals or special brews the same price as the rest of the brewery's beer, so you can pick up a Blonde Dopplebock or Imperial Saison for $3/bottle.
Plus they have monthly specials which are usually good local beer for $2.50/pint (was Furthermore Fatty Bombalatty the last couple months).
For food/ambiance it's definitely a step above average, with excellent cheese platters and good "pub grub".
It's not a huge place, and it's popularity cause it to be quite crowded at times, but it's one of my absolute favorite places to go, whether in Madison or pretty much anywhere else.

delicious restaurant on the square - get your fried cheese curds, mac and cheese, and other fatty wisco classics all in one place.
if you want to pretend to be healthy, their salads are pretty decent too.
try the minnesota beer "hot chocolate" - dark beer with cocoa powder and chili powder.
spicy, tasty, and unique!

Yet another no-rezzie Madtown restaurant!
We called ahead to get the scoop and give them a heads-up re: our requirements, got there at 6:30 after hunting around for handicapped parking, and put our names in for 5 -- two of us being kids and one of us grown-ups in a wheelchair.
After being told there was an hour wait, we walked around the Square on a gorgeous Wisconsin summer evening, came back in the recommended 45 minutes, waited around and waited.. finally checked in and were cavalierly told they gave our table away because we weren't there.
Needless to say, this did not go over well.
If it weren't for the wonderful young Manager Man who got us in spontaneously, albeit to a table in the raucous three-deep Brewer-watching bar..
I would write this place off.
Food was pretty good, drinks were ok, curds were good, though a bit on the greasy side, service a little frazzled or maybe just plain unfriendly, and uneven at that.
But seriously, the host crew needs a lesson in customer service.
Don't break your own rules; it pisses off the masses.

AAAHHH!!!!
I love this place!
The food is absolutely delicious, not your typical bar food.
You have to try the cheese curds with the tiger sauce!!
The House Brew is amazing, walleye sandwich is delicious and you can get a hamburger with an egg on it!!
Unfortunately you can't make reservations and seating is very limited which can make for some long waits sitting (or standing) by the bar waiting.
But with some amazing libations (pretty good martinis!
) the wait goes by pretty quickly.
This place is one of my absolute favorite in Madison and I'd strongly recommend it to anyone who lives here or is visiting.

one of the best restaurants in town.
casual atmosphere, great authentic WI cuisine done with a new (but not to hipster) flair.
lived here 10 years and this is one of my favorite places in town.
beware the wait, though.
they don't take reservations and sometimes you'll have a long wait to get in.
yea, they're popular.

I have only been for brunch but it is very good.
They have a version of eggs benedict using a brat patty instead of canadian bacon which is out of this world.
Also their potatoes are awesome, I think they are battered and deepfried with rosemary.
I also had the special which involved sage sausage and onions scrambled eggs and cheddar, much of which supposedly came from the farmers market right outside the door.
Its more casual than I expected after reading reviews here.

This was good, real good.
If I were you, I would make plans to come two days in a row, because we ordered way too much food because everything looks so good.
If you already have a second visit planned, you won't be tempted to over-order!
This food is delivered with plenty of style and flavor, but is plenty fatty and heavy, and you need to leave room for some of the 20-odd beers they have on tap.
We ordered a sausage platter to share, and I got their signature burger for myself and an Old Fashioned cocktail.
Everything in the burger was great - superior quality and individually delicious.
The overall effect was overwhelming - garlic spread, the great beefy taste, the bacon, the egg, the buttered bun, the sweet onions, and more, were all competing for attention.
Next time, I'd get a much simpler burger and enjoy it very much, I'm sure.
I'd hoped for an "authentic" Old Fashioned from a restaurant which takes its name from the cocktail, but the cocktail snob in me was a little disappointed.
It was very well executed for a "modern" Old Fashioned, and I enjoy the Wisconsin style with brandy, but 'twas not an old fashioned Old Fashioned.
Alas.

Having brunch at the Old Fashioned is one of my favorite things to do on the weekends.
There's rarely a wait, the bloody mary's are fantastic, and the food is delicious.
I have never left disappointed, and I always look forward to the next time I go.
This is also my parents' favorite place to go when they come visit.
The dinners are great as well, but the long wait can be annoying.

Had dinner here recently with my wife and 4 month old.
The staff was very accommodating of our giant stroller and extremely friendly.
We split the No.
7 and 8 for dinner and it was excellent -- great to get locally produced/inspired foods.
The beer list is long and Wisconsin focused.
All around a great experience!

The burger here was delicious.
That burger (and all the other food) would get at least a 4.5 star rating from me, which is impressive because I am often a bit of a snob when it comes to ground beef patties.
Why the three star review then?
The awful awful awful service and complete confusion.
Lets go back to the beginning.
We went to The Old Fashioned for 2 for 1 burger night.
We had a 30 minute wait, but we were able to get spots at the bar.
We loved the ambiance of the place, I was beyond happy with my $2.50 beer of the month.
While I had asked to close out our bar tab, a bill never came (in the 20 minutes of waiting for it).
When the hostess called our name, I left some cash on the bar in hopes that it covered our tab.
After we were seated, this continued to go downhill.
It took a while for our server to come and he was really confused by our order.
Two of us got the #30, the other two got the #31.
Those are the two burger options on the menu so obviously it was rather apparent that we were there for 2 for 1 burger night.
He asked each of us what we wanted on the side and we had the option of salad or fries.
Fairly easy, right?
Wrong.
Our food came and mine was the only order that wasn't completely messed up.
Everyone else had questionable things with there meals and the ended up having to take everything back and rearranging it all.
I was a little confused because myself and my other friend who got the 30 had massive sides whereas our friends that ordered 31s got sides that were normal portions.
When our bill came there was some serious confusion.
Those of us who had ordered 30s got 2 for 1 burgers, the 31s were normal price.
But those of us who had ordered 30s were charged for our sides.
While the menu says that all burgers/sandwiches come with the choice of fries or salad, apparently that doesn't always apply?
Displeased.
The reason I got so frustrated with the bill is that we obviously were trying to take advantage of the deal.
The server easily could have told us that only certain burgers were 2 for 1 and that if you got those burgers they didn't come with sides, but you could order some to share (which I would have done).
It was the first time in a very long time that I didn't tip at least 20%.
Go here for the food, but don't expect good service.

You can't beat this place.
Absolutely delicious food, very reasonably priced, amazing beers (usually the beer of the month is great and cheap).
My favorite is, of course, the Old Fashioned burger.
Cheese curds are fabulous.
They have a good brunch too.
What more can a Wisconsin girl ask for?
Not good for larger groups, and there's almost always a wait.
I once waited 1.5 hours (but that's how much I wanted to eat there).
And unfortunately, no reservations.

Solid.
Just love the concept and the menu.
Have been there twice in the last week and really enjoyed a tour through their menu.
Cheese flights were exceptional and the Lazy Susans were huge!
Their signature burger is WONDERFUL, but must pack about 3500 calories (Burger, Bacon, Cheese, Creamy Garlic Sauce, Soft Fried Egg... you get the picture).
Overall the food is SIMPLE but Very Well Prepared and the service is impeccable.
Can not say enough about their beer selection, something like 150 Wisconsin beers and like 30 are on tap.
What a great place!

If you've never tried the Old Fashioned, you must do so ASAP.
First thing's first: Try the cheese curds.
Best you'll ever have.
It's not just about the beer battered cheese curds themselves, but about the amazing dipping sauce that comes with them.
Simply awesome.
Everything I've ever gotten there was really good and quite reasonably priced.
Good size portions that will either fill you up and/or leave you with a to-go box.
I'm not much of a drinker, so I can't really say anything about their bar.
However, from the looks of it, it seems to be well stocked with a variety of alcohol to meet everyone's drinking needs.
The only possible downside to The Old Fashioned is the wait.
Often there is a bit of a wait to be seated.
I've only had to wait 15 minutes or so, but I've only ever gone at lunch time.
I'm assuming dinner could get pretty crazy.
If your looking for a good place that serves an awesome burger/salad/sandwhich and some KILLER cheese curds, look no further.

BURGERS MADE IN HEAVEN, with cheese curds (which I've never heard of, maybe this is a Wisconsin thing?
but they are gooooood) and onion rings (thin, crispy, couldn't stop eating those) on the side.
I have never cared less about table manners and gobbled down a burger this fast in my life.

Everyone seems to be out their minds enamored with the Old Fashioned...
I liked it, just wasn't obsessed.
The absolute best aspect was on Mondays, burgers were $5!
Exactly what students needed!
Though a bit far from the campus itself where I was at, great deal worth walking for.

Two words sum up The Old Fashioned: Woefully underwhelming.
Dropped in on Friday night at around 6:30pm.
Put in our name, grabbed a seat at the bar.
Atmosphere gets big ups; they've got the "kitsch" nailed.
Beer selection is good.
A lot of similar styles on tap, but overall, a solid beer showing.
Monthly specials are a nice touch; $2.50 for a pint?
That's fine by me!
We were seated within 20 minutes of arrival.
Our waiter was pleasant, helpful, attentive, and patient.
Great service.
Started with the #3 cheese plate and an order of cheese curds.
The plate of cheese was excellent- 10 year cheddar, Gouda, and ghost chevre - you can't go wrong.
The cheese curds?
Ick.
Why people rave about TOF's curds is beyond me.
Greasy, over cooked, and the batter?
Please... Culvers has better curds, I hate to say it.
The Old Fashioned's curds were literally soaking in a puddle of grease, and every bite of curd yielded a soggy, sponge-like greasy "squish.
"    That's *NOT* how a cheese curd should be - a properly fried cheese curd will have a slight hint of grease in the batter/coating, but it won't literally squirt grease, nor should it be left to drown in the stuff.
Good curds squeak, even when fried... trust me - I grew up surrounded by dairy farms; my best friend's parents owned a cheese house, and several of my current friends/co-workers grew-up and/or live in curd country (Green County/Monroe).
I know curds.
TOF is not good curds, plain and simple.
They were like grease sponges with a hint of cheese.
Entrees arrived; fish all around: deep fried cod, baked cod, and lake perch.
Portions (of actual fish) were embarrassingly small.
The baked cod was literally equivalent to two chicken McNuggets in size, with a boatload of fries next to it.
And, it cost $14.
Boo.
The fried cod consisted of two burned to a crisp wedges of cod with a boatload of onion straws.
$13.
Strike two.
The lake perch was decent, but like its cousins consisted of 4-5 thin McNugget-sized pieces of perch, and, you guessed it: a boatload of fries.
Ugh.
They need to change their name to "The Side of Fries.
"   Total bill for 3 with 2 rounds of drinks and the appetizers?
$90.
Fook me!!!
I left the place starving, and wishing I had gone elsewhere.
The fish was mediocre at best, miniscule in portions, and terribly expensive.
The Old Fashined = FAIL  Service= 4.5 stars Food = 3 stars Value = 1 star Atmosphere = 4 stars  Summary: all glitz and glam; no substanance.
Maybe the burgers are good...
But I'll bet they're the size of a "slider.

I went to the Taste of Madison this weekend, and the cheese curds from the Old Fashioned are probably the best i've ever had.
I can't believe I've never eaten here before!
They were super greasy (as a good curd should be).
Culvers has about the worst cheese curds in the world (more like mozzerella sticks made with cheddar) and these are head and shoulders better than that.
The batter was light, and the cheese was fresh.
Very tasty.
I had a bit of the macaroni and cheese, and I thought it was tasty, but lacked some underlying flavor which made it seem kind of one-dimensional and not really the transcendent experience that other people seem to have had.
The noodles were a little overdone, but I'm not going to say too much about it, since they were made for the Taste.
Anyway, I'm perfectly willing to give them another chance.

I rescind my previous review.
Whatever kinks with food and service existed when the Old Fashioned opened no longer exist.
The walleye fish fry is the best in town.
(and so are the aforementioned cheese curds.
) You must take out of townies here.

Rolled in at 11:30PM on a Friday in August.
Our party of 6 was seated immediately and gave drink orders.
Waited 20 minutes, never saw our drinks.
Tried to order food but was told the kitchen was closed, which is fine, it is late.
However, two people that arrived after us were able to order fish, so not sure what was going on there.
Went to the bar to order drinks, spent 10 minutes trying to get a bartender to take my order.
Two bartenders and two waiters passed me and wouldn't even acknowledge my presence when I tried to talk to them, wouldn't even stop for the $50 I was waving in the air.
Seemed like half the guests were able to get whatever they wanted while the rest suffered, noticed several other angry parties who had similar luck trying to get service.
Left after 40 minutes of no service and went over to Brocach, had an excellent time there.

Went to the OF to have dinner on 9/14--it was very busy but we got a table right away and ordered drinks.
While trying to decide what to order we noticed we could not hear each other from across the table.
Also the menu lacks dinner items and we were in the mood for real food.
Paid our check and ran to Tornados which was wonderful, as usual.
Doubt I'll ever come back.
I don't need a restaurant to eat cheese.

It seems foolish to even write a review.
You know when you walk in the door and their are bus loads of people that a place is good.
So why didn't I give them 5 stars?
I hate to wait - if you are this busy, knock out a wall, ban Illinois people, do what it takes to get people served in a more comfortable environment.
Nuff said.

Went on a Friday night without reservations.
We were told it'd be a 3-45 minute wait, and it was certainly towards the upper end of that spectrum.
But they comped us our first round of drinks for waiting patiently, and we weren't even complaining!
Thats pretty sweet service.
Everyone's dishes came out promptly and were rapidly devoured.
The Old Fashioned made a good impression.

I was in Madison for work recently and ate at the Old Fashioned after my shuttle driver recommended it.
I was not disappointed.
I had dinner one night with my parents and brother who had driven up from Milwaukee and everyone enjoyed it.
Then, I had Saturday brunch with my other brother and it was downright remarkable.
Don't bother waiting for a table.
Sit at the bar and soak up the kitsch.

house burger was pretty awesome.
me and my buddy were a little bit apprehensive about the fried egg on the burger, but when in rome...great place to settle in and enjoy local food.

We enjoyed this place so much we went there twice.We also started drinking Wisconsin brandy old fashions at home.

So, were in Madison for a show at the Barrymore and had some time to kill walking around on a beautiful Fall afternoon.
I had to hit up Yelp to find some places to eat near the Capitol.
It was 5pm and we were starving (like "I will cut you if you don't feed me now" starving).
The 2 well respected and well reviewed restaurants on my list (L'Etoile and Harvest) were not open for dinner yet.
However, smack dab between these 2 restaurants was the unassuming, shining jewel of Wisconsin eats.
Enter: The Old Fashioned.
Immediately upon entering, I am greeted by one of my favorite smells: the wood-burning fire stove.
They had me at woodsmoke.
Then, we are completely overwhelmed with joy at the sight of the menu: totally classic and yummy Wisconsin food stuffs.
I may be biased since I am from Wisconsin, but this place is like total nostalgia, and it actually made me proud to be a cheesehead.
Word, Wisco.
Who knew there were so many beers brewed in WI?
We tried and enjoyed several.
And, we started off with one of the tempting and yummy (locally produced!
) cheese plates.
Well played.
Then, we moved on to the main course: the house special burger (the one with the egg on top).
The hub chose a side of cheese curds (yes, they were very good), and I tried to retain a semblance of health with a side salad.
Fail...because then we ordered dessert.
People, you really need to try the "Grasshopper": vanilla ice cream with a few shots of creme de menthe (my dear old Dad used to make us the blended drink version).
So simple, yet so amazingly good.
And, the mint is really refreshing and palate cleansing after the super rich and fat laden meal.
We were totally stuffed, a little buzzed, but really happy and wood smoky by the time we left The Old Fashioned.
So, give it a go if you're in Madison and would like to sample the cuisine de Wisconsin.

I didn't try much of the other food here other than the fish fry as well as cocktails, but I had quite a good experience here.
I started off with the fried cheese curds which were excellent, not too greasy, yet with a delightfully crisp batter.
Probably the best fried cheese curds that I've had yet in Madison.
I had the lake perch fish fry when I was here, their Friday special.
The fish was delicate in flavor and texture with a nice light batter.
A bit pricey as compared to other fish fries, but the quality of the fish was excellent.
In terms of cocktails, they make an excellent Wisconsin-style old fashioned.
Well balanced in terms of brandy to mixer to muddled fruit, this drink is supurb.
I would highly recommend the applejack old fashioned.
They also have a wonderful seasonal cocktail menu with specials such as the brandy slush, a very "girlie" sweet and alcoholic slushie as well as last year's spiced-pear-tini featuring Hangar One spiced pear vodka, fresh lemon juice, and fresh cider.
I recently went and had their "Purple People Eater" that was composed of house infused Concord grape vodka and lemonade.
This cocktail truly brings you back to your childhood days of sipping on a box of ice cold concord grape juice... simply delightful.
The in-house mixologist at this restaurant truly knows what he's doing.
If you're around the capitol building and especially would like to try out some exquisitely crafted cocktails, The Old Fashioned is a great stop.

The Old Fashioned.
It's a true classic Madison restaurant no matter how you slice it.
Located on the square allows it to be removed from the busy campus, and when you walk in there is a comfortable environment there waiting to have you.
The music is at an appropriate level, the food is delicious with many choices that will have you and your friends trying different things from week to week, and it's a great place to have a few beers.
The food here is not only classic Wisconsin roots (from refined Brats, to cheese curds, to heritage dishes you can barely pronounce), but also unique.
The menu hosts some 20-30 odd items (if not more) that all sound like a must-try.
This is also one of those places where I'd suggest an appetizer, which I usually do not.
A friend of mine speaks volumes of their cheese plate, but there's a lot of other choices that are perfectly reasonable as well.
As for entrees, my personal favorites are the mac and cheese (yes it's not for 5 year olds here) and the double-brat (or whatever fancy name they give it).
The old fashioned is not perfect though.
The service people I've had in the past have almost assuredly been rude.
From long waits to forgotten orders to unpleasant attitudes; you name it.
AND, speaking of long waits, this establishment almost always has a really long wait.
So go early, put your name in, and find another downtown bar to have a few drinks while you wait.
But be sure to wait, because it's worth it.
Lastly, The Old Fashioned is the perfect bar to get cosy and relax with a group of old friends.
It extends its appeal beyond that of a restaurant by being one of those places that you actually want to stay another hour or two afterwards and either drink at your table or drink at the bar.
The place never gets so loud that you can't converse, and with the variety of drinks most of your party should be able to find something they enjoy.

Disappointment.
I've heard so many good things but none of it was true.
The restaurant was nice with solid wood furnishings, but this shouldn't be the only highlight.
The service on a weekday afternoon was lacking.
We were seated and then told that we had to order at the bar.
I do not like getting up after I'm seated, especially for something I pay to get: service.
I ordered a burger and a side of fries and some fried cheese curds to share.
Cheese curds: they were not completely fried.
They were soggy with oil and not gooey.
Burger: it was not hot.
It was dry and not juicy.
Even the bun was dry.
Side salad: The greens were wilted and drowned in salad dressing.
All I could taste was strong pepper and salt.
BOO!!!!!!!!
And I read on their outside menu that Monday were buy one get one free burger but this was not true.
LAME.

I love the food at Old Fashioned.
It is one of my favorite spots for lunch in Madison.
The pork sandwich, mac and cheese and hot bacon salad dressing are my favorites.
As a bar, it's not my fav but only because it is a bit of an older crowd.
The atmosphere as a restaurant though is very nice: cute decor, quieter, and dim lighting... great date spot.
The staff is very helpful and professional.
No complaints here.

I love the Old Fashioned.
Located right on the capitol square it is perfect for lunch for the downtown workers.
It is also great brunch spot after attending the Farmer's Market.
The bloody mary's are a must for brunch!
I love sitting at the bar because it is so long and has several HD Flat screens and lots of different types of liquor and trinkets on the wall.
My Old Fashion Favorites: Cheese Curds with Tiger sauce (yum!
) and The Old Fashion burger (1/4 beef, cheddar, bacon, onion, fried egg) with fries!

Overrated compared to what I had heard (at least for lunch).
Food was fine, but overly fried and nothing particularly special (I would go to Weary Traveler any-day instead).
No table service for weekday lunch despite our 20 minute wait for a table.
Good beer and decent atmosphere.

The Old Fashioned is a classic of Madison, so I was told.
Naturally, I had to check it out when I visited.
The prices are a little high, but the quality of the food makes up for it.
The wait staff was not the most attentive at all times.
Overall, I would suggest you visit The Old Fashioned if you are visiting Madison.

I've been here twice and only had these things: beer, cheese curds, and fish & chips.
That being said, I am a fan.
Though I am almost always a fan of these things.
The shining star for me is the cheese curds.
Though, cheese always shines for me.
I love you, cheese.
Don't ever leave me.
Our party of 10 ordered 1 basket, then 2 baskets - and they were gone in the blink of an eye.
I'm salivating a bit just thinking about them.
Service is good, except they won't split your checks.
So keep that in mind as you overpay for your dinner because someone at your table is being cheap - or worse, left without paying.
Ugh.
They have karaoke on Wednesdays, with an impressive collection for a traveling act.
Karaoke for me gets old after a couple hours, but it was fun while it lasted.

One of my favorite restaurants in Madison.
Great food, great drinks, great fun!
One great thing about the Old Fashioned is it's location.
It's on the Capitol Square so it doesn't draw too many college kids.
Another great thing are drink specials.
Every month, they feature a different beer for glass or pitcher which are often pretty cheap.
The bar has most Wisconsin beers on tap or bottle, too.
The bloody mary's are spectacular, especially if you get it with the peppered infused vodka.
The food is great.
Cheese curds are an obvious must.
I usually end up getting the build-your-own burger with extra pickles (FANTASTIC pickles) and fries.
Fries are also amazing.
I've also tried the mac n cheese (it was good, but I wouldn't get it again) and the grilled cheese sandwich (pretty good).
The chili is good, but because it's Green Bay chili it's more meaty than bean-y and has noodles in it.
The breakfast is also delicious.
I've had one of the scramblers and the waffles and both were spectacular.
The Old Fashioned is a great place to bring in out-of-towners for a great Wisconsin experience or a great place to just enjoy great food.

How could I resist the $1.50 beer of the month - mind you, it was served in a 8oz snifter, but still!
It provided a fun opportunity to sample something I might not otherwise have tried.
Their beer list was quite extensive, with lots of tempting options.
I liked the setting and friendly atmosphere of The Old Fashioned.
Our server was quite personable and knowledgeable.
One downside is that there really are not a lot of vegetarian options on the menu.
You're really limited to a couple of salad choices or one sandwich.
The sandwich was good - Grilled eggplant, portabella mushroom, wood-roasted red pepper and zucchini, with goat cheese and black olive tapenade on toasted country bread, served with a generous portion of either fries or a salad.
The house burger (which no, Mom, I didn't try, I'm still a vegetarian, quit getting your hopes up) got good reviews from our table, after the surprise passed of it being served with an egg, bacon, and cheese.
BOTTOM LINE: A fun, casual spot downtown.
Huge selection of great beer options along with good service and reasonable prices.
Add a few more vegetarian-friendly options to the menu and I think we'd have a hit!

Love this place!
Whenever we have guests visit us in Madison, we take them here!
Great environment with some traditional Wisconsin food.
We have eaten here 5 or 6 times and have never been disappointed.
The only downside is the incredibly long wait if you go during peak times (Friday and Saturday nights).
They don't take reservations so be prepared to wait at least an hour.
In terms of food:  Definitely need to try the cheese curds with tiger sauce.
Still have not found better curds.
All of their burgers are tasty, their cuban sandwich, sausage platter and mac and cheese are also winners.
If you're looking for a healthier options, their salads are also usually quite good.
If you're in Madison, you have to go here at least once!

This is probably one of my favorite places in Madison, if not my favorite.
The first time we went there, they had 75 cent Blatz pints!
It was love from the beginning.
Their take on Wisconsin bar food is excellent.
The cheese curds are the best I've ever had, and the beer selection is pretty extensive.
If we have guests in town, we always make it a point to take them to the Old Fashioned for a meal (typically brunch).
I usually end up getting the Wisconsin Benedict with a brat patty or the Tenderloin Benedict, both of which are topped with a mustard hollandaise and are amazing.
The bloody maries are great too.
My brother ordered the All Wisconsin Bloody once - complete with cheese curds, a pickled egg and a huge slab of beef jerky!
- and we all stared in amazement.
I love the decor - vintage beer and dairy signs - and they're always playing good old country.
Being there is like hanging out in your grandparents' basement, minus the musty smell and with better food.
This place is as Wisco as it gets.

I really love the Old Fashioned's atmosphere and their food.
They are part of the slow food movement, relying on local, organic produce whenever possible, and they take great pride in what they do.
The restaurant is a gourmet showcase of all things Wisconsin with prices to fit all budgets.
The generous cup of Green Bay chili costs only about $4.50 and will come very close to filling you up.
Get a tap beer while you are there and you've escaped for less than $10.
They have a long, luxurious wood bar, and nearly everything on the menu is very good.

Hands down, best cheese curds in Madison!!!!!!!!
The burgers are awesome (you must get it with an egg!
), their fish fry is yummy, i heart their mac n'cheese, the brunch is amazing...
I'm also in love with one of the milk stouts they carry, I think it's Veruca?
omg... yummilicious.
And the cherry bounce!
The owner goes up to Door County and hand picks the cherry they use!
It goes quickly so RUUUUUUN to the Old-Fashioned when you here that they've opened it.
Bottom line- you just can't go wrong with pretty much anything they have on their food and drink menus =)  Ohhh but avoid Wednesday, i.e.
karaoke night.
ugh.
My ears bleed every time I accidentally end up there on a Wednesday night.

i love this place.
an updating of the classic wisconsin bar n grill.
fresh, good food.
one thing i'll say that hasn't been said is that the sunday brunch is awesome!
and it's the one time of day the place isn't crowded, so please don't go.
otherwise, confirmation that the egg burgers are great, wisconsin beer selection A+, and cheese plates fun.
Only ding is not enough vegetarian options.

**Update** Just another reason this place gets 5 stars, it is pup friendly!!!
Me and the bf were looking for a place that wouldnt mind if we brought the pup to eat next to us outside and the Old Fashioned was extremely accomodating... they even bring out water dishes!!!
Yay to the OF!
This is the place I bring people that are new in the area, or out for a birthday.
Great, great, diverse menu with WI/German grub.
BEST fried cheese curds in the area and the best mac n cheese as well.
There beer selection is truely amazing for someone looking to sample some good WI brews!
And every month they have a beer special running, with 2.50 pints and $9 pitchers (this month was stout)!
Its also fun to sample their lazy susans!
My friend swears by them!

The Old Fashioned is the quintessential Madison restaurant.
An enormous beer selection (props to the abundance of hard to find microbrews on tap) and the cheeeeese!!
The cheese curds are heaven!!
And although I've yet to personally try it, I've heard from two fellow restaurant-goers that the walleye sandwich is "The best fish sandwich they have EVER tasted.
"   Aside from the excellent food, the old Schlitz memorabilia and general nostalgic Wisconsin decor make for a memorable visit.
I agree with many of the other reviewers- this is definitely THE restaurant to take someone who is visiting from out of town.
It truly highlights the best things about Wisconsin.
And by best things, I mean beer and cheese of course!

The Old Fashioned highlights some of my favorite Wisconsin things:  1.
A Brandy Old Fashioned 2.
Cheese Curds 3.
Burgers with fried egg 4.
Microbreweries  5.
Walleye  1.
For those of you who are sheltered and do not know what an Old Fashioned is let me divulge:  Place sugar, a slice of orange, a cherry, and bitters into a glass.
Muddle this mixture so the sugar can dissolve.
Add ice, brandy, and top off with a little seven.
What you have is the most fantastic mature beverage.
I have been drinking them since before I was 21, and yes my friends all call me an old lady for it.
The Old Fashioned does not disappoint with their beverages, and they soak the cherries in the brandy (a must).
They stay true to Wisconsin with a menu full of meat and cheese (they recently added a hot dog menu).
Cheese curds... fresh curds dipped in homemade beer batter and deep fried to PERFECTION.
Anyone visiting Wisconsin MUST MUST MUST have some.
Note: Eat within the first 10 minutes of delivery to your table, they are the best when hot and fresh!
In Wisconsin we love meat, and cheese.
A Cheeseburger isn't complete without more meat, specifically bacon, and if you are lucky, a fried egg.
Don't knock it til you try it and be ready to make a mess.
Soak up all that yolk with your bun, YUM  4.
Capital Brewery and New Glarus are my favorite local microbreweries, I wish I could have spotted cow in San Francisco!
Their list is extensive and inexpensive   5.
While I get plenty of great fresh and raw seafood in SF,  my heart will always lie with the lake fish and Walleye takes the cake.
You can get the walleye sandwich, or my recommendation skip the bun and just eat the delish fillet!
(and don't forget Friday night Fish Fry!!
)    Even the woody smell reminds me of Wisconsin.
The Old Fashioned, where Wisconsin is king!

Awesome place.
Amazing beer selection and it's cheap.
Love the Wisconsin feel.
Cheese curds are amazing.

OMG the cheese curds!
I was driving thru Wisconsin and I'm so glad I stopped here.
I had the walleye fish sandwich, hot cheese curds, and wisconsin beer.
Left the place satisfied.
Sat at the bar because I went alone and I didn't want to wait 30 min for table which was fine with me.
the Bartenders were so nice and attentive.
I well definetly stop by again.

I've died and gone to a Wisconsin paradise.....  Over 20 local beers on tap, a plethora of local cheeses, a menu that makes Al's Deli envious and right on Capitol Square.
This place is awesome.
If you want to get a real WI feel and experience you have to go here.
Mac and Cheese with ring bologna!
You know a place is great when they have Spotted Cow on tap and you don't choose it because there are so many other amazing choices!
Go here now.....

The old-fashioned house burger always brings a smile to my face, and a pain to my heart.
Covered with thick cut bacon, a fried egg, aged cheddar, and served in a buttered bun, this delectable burger will make you happy.
Excellent beer menu, great brandy old fashions.
The house burger's always been so good I never explored much of the menu.
But given my satisfaction with it, I can't imagine the rest of the food would not satisfy.

Now this place says Wisconsin, with a capital W!
Seriously folks, The Old Fashioned (named after that drink that every drinks up here, the brandy old fashioned, I'm sure) will bring you back to your Wisconsin heritage or make you wish you had been brought up here!
Fashioned like the old supper clubs that populate Wisconsin towns, the Old Fashioned serves only the food and spirits that made Wisconsin famous.
The extensive beer list both in bottles and on tap- are all brewed in Wisconsin.
There are at least 30 beers on tap and countless others in bottles.
And the prices on some things made me giddy with joy.
How about Blatz for $1 a can?
Or Hamm's at the same price?
$2 will buy you a horny goat (hey- what can I say?
I didn't name them!
) And $3.25 will get you a Stickey McDoogle.
Like cheese?
They have a variety of cheese flights with all the cheese from the BelGioioso dairy in Denmark, WI.
Check out their Burrata- it's mozzarella wrapped around cream and mozzarella pieces amazing!
Or try their Mac and cheese .
it comes with a piece of ring bologna .
.now when was the last time you had that except at your grandma's house?
They also have nightly specials.
On the Monday that we were there- all burgers were buy one get one for $5.95.
The place was packed and everyone was eating burgers.
We took a different path and went with the walleye sandwich served with your choice of fries, potato salad or salad and the grilled cheese with bacon (no tomatoes as they grow their own and only have them in house in August according to our server .
.interesting) We also started with a Wisconsin tradition of deep fried cheese curds that were so fresh and good- I thought for a moment that I had died and gone to heaven!
All the food was quite good- but what can be wrong with fried, cheesy food?
Our server was great- patient as we looked over the large menu and allowing us to customize a few things.
I haven't lived in Wisconsin for years.
But with one push of a door- all those years came flooding back to mind.
Now if I could only find my bowling shoes and Green Bay Packer jersey, I'd be all set!

If you're taking an out of state person to eat, and they say...show me what wisconsin is all about...the old fashion has it.
it's got pabst and blatz on tap, servers brandy ol' fashions and some of the best fried cheese curds around.
the burgers are good to gooder and the walleye sandwich always gets good reviews.
over all a good experience.
it's not overly pricey, they have good specials (see 2 for 1 burger night) and a great beer selection.
as well as a great location.
(yes, to get 5 stars you really have to work hard in my system and they were pretty close.
the burgers tho are just 4 star material tho)

The service was almost as great as the food.
We had an incredible server who made great recommendations and suggested specials.
Good thing because everything was the best.
There was an amazing Sunday special of impecibly seasoned chicken, stuffing and potatoes.
YUM!
We also had fried cheese curds.
Duh, it's WI.
And a house brew beer to accompany.
Will be back time and time again!

A must stop when in Madison.
Great beer list.
Maybe the best fried egg burger I've had.
Terrific cheese curds with a great paprika dipping sauce.
Sweet environment and super festive before games.
What else do you need?

The different sets of parents at our table agreed that The Old Fashioned has the best cheese curds.
Our 14-year-old son says that this is his favorite place for bacon cheeseburgers.
The have their own root beer, enjoyed by all.
Always packed.

Updated review: I've been back to the Old Fashioned about 5 or 6 times now, each time for food other than the fish fry, which was a disaster - one of the worst we've experienced.
I'm still not able to figure out why or how people rave about the cheese curds here.
We've ordered them each time that we've stopped, and without fail, they have always been swimming in grease, the batter soggy, and the cheese overcooked.
I've taken several different people along to confirm/witness - and each time we've all agreed that the curds are awful.
Perhaps I'm cursed when it comes to ordering curds at the OF?
Curds aside, the beer selection is good - there are plenty of brews to choose from, and the beer menu does a great job of describing them.
Definitely a nice touch when you're considering something new.
Burgers are decent, salads are solid, and the entrees are all pretty good.
But there's just nothing "exciting" about the food here, so I'm baffled as to why people swoon about this place.
Yes, it's got character, and the building is really quite nice.
The servers can be a bit on the "too hip for you" side, but that's ok - it's not like they're intolerable.
The Old Fashioned doesn't do anything extraordinary, aside from market and present itself really well.
There are better food places out there, for certain.
I'll keep dropping by, but it'll be just for a beer or two.

This is a must-visit every time we're in Madison, so long as we get there early enough to snag a table for dinner.
While perusing the beer and cocktail lists, enjoy a basket of fried cheese curds with the tiger sauce - its horseradish kick is a perfect complement to the all the gooeyness, provided you can put up with the grease pooling in the bottom of the basket.
I can't stomach a real old fashioned, but the orange version, which is rum-based, is deliciously dangerous.
The beer list is lengthy and focuses on local craft brewers, so a FIBer like me can get some New Glarus and other brews that aren't in Chicago.
As for food, items can be hit or miss.
The lazy susans offer a variety of small, snacky portions that quickly add up to a meal (bread and crackers, cheese spread, baby beets, hummos, etc.).
The pulled pork sandwich is excellent, as are the salads and burgers, but stay away from the disappointingly bland turkey sandwich.
Even with tiger sauce, it is flavorless.

I went here with a girlfriend on a Friday evening.
We had a 45 minute wait for a table for two.
The bar area was pretty crowded, but to be expected during that time of day.
My friend enjoyed her Old Fashioned, and I got some summery concoction that was just the ticket.
The bar staff was prompt and helpful.
Once seated we ordered a cheese tray and a lazy susan.
The cheeses were delightful!
I would order this again.
The lazy susan was fun, but a little disappointing--the pickles, potato salad, and deviled eggs were good, but the other items were forgettable.
Our waiter was aloof.
He'd ask if we had questions, but didn't really want to answer any.
He wasn't incredibly attentive--although was timely with the bill and beverage refills.

Aaa yes the old fashioned.
This place was highly unique.
It had a ton of beer selections from the local breweries.
I met some friends down there for drinks and dinner.
The drinks were great and well priced.
There was only one problem the dbz level was crazy.
I really could not even hold a conversation across the table because it was so loud.
We were there around 9pm on a friday night, did not help the matter.

Everything about this place seemed perfect...great location across from the capital, crowded, and nice long wood bar!
The menu looks incredibly creative.
This definately makes the restaurant a unique location for downtown Madison, in other words it is not your typical bar food.
I ordered the Walleye Sandwich and upgraded for 3 bucks to cheese curds instead of fries.
The cheese curds came highly recommended.
The first one I ate was really good and that was about it.
It became almost impossible to eat any more...there was so much grease dripping off of them.
I was really let down.
Please don't get me wrong...I like deep fried food but for some reason I could not get through these cheese curds...in fact I left them on my plate.
The Walleye Sandwich looked beautiful...nice big filet.
The sandwich had raw radishes and raw cabbage on it, which I removed...they just seemed to be thrown on there.
The fish was also flavorless...the homemade tartar sauce and sourdough bread grilled in butter were the highlight of the sandwich.
In fact, I would have been happy with just the bread.
The bartender also told me that this sandwich was his favorite thing on the menu...doesn't make me excited now to ever come back and eat here again.
I think I would only come back and drink here...they have 150 beers on tap...which is cool...the beer of the month is only $2.50, which is a great deal.
I was also interested in trying the bar snacks, which range from one to two dollars.
Who wouldn't want to eat: Pork Hock, turkey gizzards, pickled eggs, beef jerky, popcorn..etc...
I remember being up North in Wisconsin's oldest liscenced bar and we ate the whole jar of pickled eggs but that is another bar and another story!
I loved the look of this place but the food left me wishing had gone some place else!

Food is not good for you but is authentic, fresh and unique.
Flavors are awesome.
It gets crazy crowded so be prepared.

Pretty much everything on the menu is good, but just do yourself a huge favor and order an Old Fashioned burger with a classic Wisconsin Old Fashioned or one of their many beers.
Yummmmmm

You know it's gotta have something going for it when there's a wait at 5:30pm.
Great vibe.
Pretty loud (it is a bar), but we came with some little people, so that made it a little hard.
The food is awesome.
A little greasy, but really really good.
Cheese curds, burgers, Walleye fish sandwich, and the ribs were all eaten fully at our table.
And plenty of microbrews to enjoy as well.
Definitely one of my favorite places in Madison..... just wish no one else knew about it!

We watched many an old fashioned being concocted as we sat at the bar in this establishment.
Upon walking in, we were told there would be about a 40 minute wait.
It was a Saturday evening, and, as there were many beers worth trying on the menu, we were fine with the wait.
A few minutes after we stood near the bar area, a set of seats opened up that could accommodate the four of us.
The bartender (Curt?
) informed us that he was a "big deal" after one of us expressed concern that we should stick with the first bartender who tried to wait on us before we had decided upon what to order.
This bartender, who could tell we were knowledgeable about beer (after all, the beer list was what attracted us to this restaurant in the first place) offered many samples to help us make our selections.
If we asked for one sample, he often returned with two.
More than one of us ended up picking something he had recommended.
My favorite, by far, was the mudpuppy porter with ice cream.
If we had been hungry for dessert at the end of our meal, I would have just ordered that.
It was absolutely delicious.
As for the dining experience, when our buzzer alerted us to the fact that we'd have to leave the bar to be seated, we decided to just stay at the bar to eat instead.
One member of our group ordered a lazy Susan.
It was way more than one person could eat, but filled with delicious munchies.
Two people had burgers, one of them the Old Fashioned burger with the fried egg.
Both of those people enjoyed their selections.
I had the summer sausage sandwich.
While I did enjoy it and would order it again, I expected the sausage to be cut thicker.
It was also heated, which I did not expect.
The fries were thin and delicious as well.
If I visit Madison again, I'd definitely come back.
The location on the square is convenient, service was excellent, and I thoroughly enjoyed the evening.

I had lunch here with some colleagues.
It was a pretty decent lunch.
I had a battered walleye sandwich.
The fish and batter were excellent.
I really enjoyed the lightness of the fish with just the right seasonings and crunch.
The accompanying sauce was about average, a good compliment to the fish.
The bread used was nice, but I think it was a bit too buttered in the toasting process.
It made it a bit too greasy.
I was impressed with their beer selection and would be interested in going back some day to try a few more.

Mac and cheese was okay, but nothing special as I'd been led to believe.
Fennel bisque was also just okay.
Service was good, and I liked the atmosphere, but it's gotta be about the food.
I'll give them another try at some point.

3.5 Stars: Went in around 7:00 p.m. on a Wednesday night, and the place was packed -- was able to get a table for 6 after a 15 minute wait.
The place was a classic hometown American bar and grill (the sort that Applebee's aspires to become, but overcompensates for), and the menu was almost entirely hamburgers, with some salads, hot dogs, and cheese on the side.
It's a great place for families because there's a kids menu, and it's a good option for both vegetarians and ominivores/carnivores because there're certainly options for both.
Definitely not for a place for people with serious aversions to meat and above-average noise level at restaurants.
We had a cheese plate to start, which had some really great selections -- unfortunately forgot which plate it was, but it was the waitress' recommendation.
Also came with crackers, apple slices, and a bit of honey on the side, which made munching more fun.
I'd ordered #42, the roast beef tenderloin sandwich with a salad on the side.
The salad was very leaf-heavy without much of anything else, and I wasn't able to finish it.
The sandwich itself was good, nothing mind-blowing, I may've been slightly disappointed because I was ready to have my taste buds blown away by the "tiger sauce" and the "shaved red onions" that topped the sandwich, both of which sounded fun to a lifelong Easterner, and the texture of the beef made for very ungraceful consumption (think stringy).
If I were ever to go back (highly unlikely), I would order something else.
The best part of meal was the dessert -- apple pie a la mode.
The apple pie itself tasted very classic, but not as sweet as expected -- which was perfect, because the vanilla ice cream that was put on top balanced out the palette.
But it didn't stop there -- the restaurant included a cross-section of Wisconsin cheddar which really expanded the taste bud action, because it added a new sort of tangyness, creaminess, and saltiness to the entire plate.
The tiny plate packed a bit of food adventure for sure.

This place rocks!
Located right on the capitol square, the Old Fashioned is all about Wisconsin.
They have 30 beers to choose from here.
Every beer I tried was great.
My favorite was the Spotted Cow.
I've never had cheese curds before I tried them here.
The fried cheese curds and the dipping sauces were over-the-top.
Why are you still reading?
Get over there now!

The Old Fashioned has EXCELLENT food!
My favorite is the pulled pork sandwich and the cheese curds!!!
I have tried a lot of things on the menu and have never been disappointed!!!!
A little loud so I wouldn't recommend it for deep conversations but it is always a good crowd and fun place to be.
They have excellent Mimosa specials on the weekend!!

The service was great, the food was amazing!
Heirloom tomato BLT and locally grown sweet corn.
Wonderful!

Phenomenal food at phenomenal prices.
Their salads were large and cheap, fried cheese curds were fantastic as was their beer cheese soup.
The sandwiches my friends got were also great.
Don't leave Madison without going to the Old Fashioned!

Being a smug Minnesotan like I am, Wisconsin food falls into one of those quaint curiosities.
"Cheese curds along side of your hamburger?
That's just crazy.
" "Pickled eggs?
How cute!
" Yet I had to change my tune after a recent weekend in Madison.
I'll start by saying that I am jumping-up-and-down-on-Oprah's-couch-in-love with The Old Fashioned.
You Madison types ought to hold onto that one - it's a keeper!
I wish that we had something even half that awesome in Minneapolis, so embrace and cherish it.
Let's start with the taps.
28!
28 different taps, all priced at or below $4.
That is simply incredible.
It's a nicely thought-out list, at that and one that I expect changes a fair bit.
The bottle list comes in at a hefty 140 bottles and nothing priced above $6 - also impressive.
I'm also tickled that Grain Belt is their sole "import".
I was equally impressed with the food.
Between the two of us, my husband and I tried the beer and cheese soup (complete with popcorn!
) that was rich, hearty, and thankfully not the least bit gluey; the cheese curds with smoked paprika aioli (a welcome twist); the house-made beef jerky (tougher than expected, but beautifully seasoned), and the Sunday night chicken dinner.
Everything was well-executed and earnest.
Prices were astonishingly low for the portion sizes and the quality of the food.
After spending an afternoon partaking in such time-honored Sconnie food traditions, I have a new-found respect for them.
Let there be peace between our people.

I've been to a lot of bars in my time and fallen in love with more than a few, but The Old Fashioned may just be The One.
The Old Fashioned has pretty much every beer you can think of from the great state of Wisconsin.
Almost thirty taps with no pint over $4.
3.5oz sample pours for $1 each.
Over a hundred bottles with nothing over $5.50.
A surprising number of cheapie options like Blatz, Schlitz, and PBR for around a buck a can or $6-$7 a pitcher.
Only one import: Premium Grain Belt.
All other bars take note: this is the beer list to beat.
The food is a blend of home-cooked classics and old school bar food: mac and cheese, burgers and sandwiches, cheap house sausage and jerky, and perhaps the best deep fried cheese curds in the city.
Last time I was there I had the Sunday special of a grilled half-chicken with smashed potatoes and vegetables swimming in gravy.
Amazingly delicious.
The Old Fashioned is a special, special bar.
Swing by and treat her real nice.

Such a good place, don't miss out on the Old Fashioned!
I've tried to call for reservations, but they aren't accepted.
So, if you go later you may have quite a wait.
They have a small outdoor seating area, and the inside is pretty much awesome.
They have a fantastic selection of beers and specials, so don't miss out on any of that.
My date had a burger (with egg and bacon), and was so full at the end of the meal.
He said it was amazing.
I had a grilled veggie sandwich.
I was so-so about it.
Too much portabella, not enough other veggies.
The cheese curds are a must, and I love that they have so many dipping sauces.
Best of all, Mondays are Buy One, Get One Burgers.
You just pay for toppings.
I've heard fantastic things about Taco Tuesday, also

The Old Fashioned seems to be a Madisonian staple and yesterday was the second time I've been there.
I kept waiting to be blown away but it didn't seem to pan out.
We arrived around 3:30 on a Sunday afternoon and were surprised at how busy it was.
The host seated us at a table near the front windows.
After sitting in blinding sunshine and swatting flies for five minutes (apparently the blinds were broken) we asked our waitress to seat us somewhere else.
She turned around and left and we sat there wondering what to do.
Then she motioned us from across the room to follow her.
So the three of us picked up our water glasses, menus, silverware and napkins (the waitress really should have accommodated a bit more) and reseated us.
A new waiter greeted us and dropped off an order of cheese curds before running to another table.
We all looked at each other... free cheese curds?
Well, no.
It turned out the waiter confused our table # with another so the other table got their (now cold) cheese curds.
We ordered a cheese plate.
They were out of the Camembert... the one cheese we were all dying to try.
I mean, seriously.
Seriously?
We sub'd a blue cheese on the cheese plate and two out of the three cheeses were great.
The wine selection was not great but they carry Cupcake wines, which I love and have a hard time finding commercially.
The cheese curds we eventually did order were hot and greasy and chewy, so we knew they were fresh.
The tossed green salad I ordered was enormous and unimpressive... like they had dumped a bag of lettuce onto a plate.
The best part of our early dinner?
The prostitute and her john sitting at the bar in front of us.
It was a lot like dinner theater, only much more uncomfortable.
Bottom line:  Solid three star dining which makes me sad since it could be a wonderful five star kind of a place with a few tweaks.

I came here for dinner on a Tuesday night and was surprised to see so many people here.
There was a short wait for a table, so I ended up ordering a beer.
I think it was called "exposed"...I do remember that it's brewed by the Horny Goat Brewing Co. After being seated, I had a tough time deciding what to order.
The menu was rather big.
In the end, it came down to the fish (tilapia) tacos, or the bratwurst sandwich.
I couldn't make up my mind so I ordered both the bratwurst sandwich and a fish taco, for good measure.
Overall, I was satisfied with the food, beer, and service.
The food wasn't spectacular by any means, but seems like a cool place to hang out and have a few brews with good food.
Also, the food seemed reasonably priced, but then again, I'm a Californian.

The Old Fashioned is a great little place that some local friends told me about.
We were up for a business convention and this place had a one hour wait for a dining table at 7pm.
We sat/stood at the bar until we could get a table.
The menu is full of a great variety of dishes.
You have to try the deep fried cheese curds if you are here.
The bar has a lot of local beers on tap so there's something for everyone.
One of the two porters they had was absolutely incredible.
Prices are good and our group wanted to come back two days in a row, so get there early and enjoy!

As a FIB, I don't know anything of this "happy hour" Wisconsinites yammer on about.
Apparently, showing up at bars such the Old Fashioned, in the early afternoon makes you happy for not just one, but for three solid hours.
All pints are two for one and they have a great selection to choose from.
It almost seems like they have every beer brewed in Wisconsin on tap.
The atmosphere is outstanding, the staff is friendly, and they have things a fine selection of things that are pickled available to soak up some of the alcohol.

SOOOOOOO many drinks to choose from, great happy hour, terrific food!
We actually ate lunch here the day of my wedding, lol :)  We end up doing a lot of lunches here, when in reality I LOVE dinner so much more (I think the baby keeps us from coming at night), I dream about the rib-eye!!
The sandwiches are great, but after two or three times I'm bored by them...
I LOVE the sauces and of course the haystack onion strings!!!
I've had a couple of the cheese board options and it's pretty dull...
I guess I just expect more for the price.
I mean, the portions aren't small but the majority of the cheeses are sub-par with maybe one stand out.
NOT TO MENTION that my server (who I know was not new... we've had him a number of times there, maybe every time) couldn't tell the difference between brie and goat cheese when the kitchen messed up our plate (they did compensate by giving us our goat cheese, which was great, letting us keep the brie and giving us half off... LOVE that management style!).
*** my husband feels otherwise, it's his favorite place for cheese, so it may just be my taste***  It's like ALWAYS busy, which I'm not a big fan of... so we go at odd times and end up in the bar booths.
I love the booths, I hate the horrible service you get in them :(  I will never understand places that don't do table service at off peak times... especially when there were FOUR people behind the bar doing pretty much nothing.
I don't know if I would call it child friendly...it's loud, it crowded and when I asked for a high chair the hostess was visibly annoyed.
I know they have a children's menu, but I would leave the tots at home!
It's def a place we like going back to, but haven't been wowed by the service AT ALL :(    desserts leave me wanting something else, but I don't mind... we just hit up Michael's on the way home :)  Haven't had brunch yet but I'm looking forward to it!

I guess this is like an old Wisconsin supper club?
I wouldn't know, but do I know the food is great!
Have only been for lunch, but yummy veggie sandwich and unique options for sides.

Great drinks, not a huge fan of the food menu- but I don't eat fried food.
My friends all rave over the cheese curds though.
They have a huge beer list and make great old fashioneds!
They also have karaoke on Wednesdays which is fun

This place was AMAZING!!!
I must say the Cheesecurds... best cheese curds EVER.
They have a chewy cheese and a fantastic breading.
Not like your normal breading either.
It is absolutely delicious.
Then I had the special - a prime rib sandwich.
Thinly sliced prime rib, green and red pepper, (more) cheese, and tiger sauce.
It was fantastic.
Last, we ate a yummy home-made-buttery-chocolate chip cookie.
Need I say more.
This is a must stop in Madison WI!!
I'm going to say you can you can bring kids, because of the monstrous cookie, however if you plan on having an old fashioned, you may want to leave them home.

When it comes to the food, the Old Fashioned is overrated.
And disappointing, because their foods are relatively simple and therefore should be done consistently well.
It's the usual story in disappointing Madison restaurants: no subtlety and a lack of attention to detail.
After several experiences with sandwiches that were only okay, in later visits I moved on to the specials.
Twice I had the Saturday night prime rib and twice I was disappointed.
Because they don't know (or care about) the difference between rare and medium-rare.
Also, forget about the French Onion soup.
What should be an old-school crock with a layer of parmesan and gruyere bubbling over a salty onion beef broth is instead a weak pretender, with hardly a layer of cheese worth mentioning.
Come on now.
I will say that the accompanying wedge salad is more than decent and that the onion string fries are a terrific.
But they are not the main event and can't carry the show by themselves.
I say all this actually *liking* the Old Fashioned, its concept and experience.
It could be great, but it's just not.

4 stars just for the cheese curds.
My food has always been good here, but the cheese curds are extremely unique and better than any other curd out there.
The breading is different - lighter than most - and the dipping sauces are very tasty.
I have been tempted to visit Madison from Milwaukee just to get some of these curds.

After the miss at Echo Tap in the search for good WI cheese curds, we ended up here.
These were awesome!!
Didn't eat anything else so can't comment on that; however, the drinks were good and they had a good selection of beers.

During a weekend trip to Madison last month, we were told we absolutely had to stop in at The Old Fashioned while we were there.
We drove well out of our way to do so on a Sunday morning, but I can say that it was well worth the effort.
Despite it only being ten in the morning, and subsequently me feeling like an alcoholic, I had to try one of their many tap beer options.
I chose a local brewery, one from just outside the city limits, but that which I cannot remember the name.
At any rate, it perfectly complimented my omelet and home fries.
I left there feeling very satisfied, wishing there was an Old Fashioned in the Twin Cities somewhere.
C'est la vie,  I guess.
Also, the decor was amazing, a wonderful collection of beer signs and cool vintage artwork/posters.
Prices were reasonable, especially considering the part of town and the university being nearby.

I'm still dreaming about the fried cheese curds!

Loved The Old Fashioned.
It's perfectly situated right by the Capitol so you have a great view when you're dining.
Not far from campus at all, my friend and I went there for lunch and got burgers and fries.
They had a great variety of burgers to choose from, including build your own, and they were delicious!
Not only did they taste good, the atmosphere was warm and inviting, and it was pretty inexpensive.
Would recommend for lunch rather than dinner because the wait is typically extremely long in the evening.
Will definitely head back!

Bloodies came highly recommended but failed to impress.
I still like the place I just wish they would make their bloodies better.

This restaurant is the best restaurant in Madison hands down.
A true taste of the town with a neat ambience near the capital.
Whenever friends come into town,  I take them here for cheese curds with tiger sauce, a spotted cow (local brew), and dinner.

The food there is excellent and not expensive.
The only down side is that we have to wait for one hour and half in a thursday night...Hope things can get better after their expansion work.

OooHhhhhahhhh the fried cheese curd.
So wrong yet so yummy.
I fell in love with it eating at The Old Fashioned.
You simply can't just eat one.
Take the plate away from me !!!!
I had the hamburger as well when I was there.
The meat is so tender.
One almost think you are dining at Ruth's Chris.
To top it all I think it is a very reasonable price to dine in downtown Madison

It's hard to be mad at the world when you're walking through the farmers' market near the capitol on a beautiful morning in Madison - even if you've got a hangover.
But a Bloody Mary from the Old Fashioned still helps.
Our group of four put our name down, were quoted a 45 minute wait (hey, it was game day), and grabbed a couple of Bloody Mary's (Maries?
) from the bar.
The excellent cocktail came with pickled asparagus, Brussels sprout, and olive, with a shot on the side.
At first we thought we were meant to drop in our own vodka, but no, it was a beer chaser.
I guess that's just how they roll in Wisconsin.
They weren't quite spicy enough for us Texans, but the bartender recommended we add a dash of Sriracha - which I had never done before - and it worked.
Really well.
That's a trick I'll remember for the future.
After waiting for awhile outside in the glorious weather, watching people peruse the market, our name was called and we sat down at a spacious table.
We ordered the fried cheese curds for an appetizer, and finally "got" the whole Wisconsin cheese curd thing.
These were perfectly golden fried, and orders of magnitude better than our previous experience.
I then ordered a Wisconsin Bloody Mary, which was a virtual breakfast in a glass: pickle, cheese curds (not fried), a spicy pickled egg, and a slab of beef jerky, with the de rigueur beer chaser on the side.
Excellent, and highly recommended.
For our entree, we were each drawn to the No.
1, Wisconsin Benedict, and ordered a round.
I love Eggs Benedict in theory, but don't generally like Hollandaise sauce, so I prefer them at places like Mama's Cafe back in Texas, where the Mexicana version uses queso, or at the Old Fashioned here in Madison, where the Wisconsin version uses a tangy mustard blend.
The eggs were actually sunny side up rather than poached, runny, and set atop an English muffin, and of course, this being Wisconsin, a Bratwurst patty.
The rosemary potatoes that came on the side had a crispy fried exterior, and were a delicious accompaniment to the Benedict.
Though I love a big diner breakfast on Saturdays before a big game, I can't really call this "diner" food, more like "upscale comfort food," but it was nevertheless a fantastic start to the day, and I would be eager to try any number of their other dishes.
Guess I'll just have to make another trip back to Madison.

I believe it was Public Enemy who said "Don't believe the hype!
" The place is good.
Good concept.
Good service.
Good food.
But a 2+ hour wait for two?
A 1.5 hour wait for two on a Saturday at 2:00 PM?
I mean, the place is good, but I have to suspect that something is amiss with table/time management.
For all the good it has, I don't think I'd wait more than half an hour with all the other fine establishments nearby.
That's exactly what my friend and I did both times.
We were pleased with our meals and service elsewhere - including a nearby vendor cart.
Honestly, don't wait more than 30 minutes - otherwise, you're just a fool.

Supremely sub-par.
Yeah...they have fried cheese curds - it's Wisconsin - there will be cheese curds.....and they'll probably be good...anywhere.
It's not a testament to the Old Fashioned - it's a testament to Wisconsin's quality of cheese.
I had the fried fish special and felt like I'd ordered Van de Kamp's.
Too loud - too long to wait.
Tried the burger as well, which was recommended to me as one of the best in the city.
I do not agree.
Whether or not they put a fried egg on stuff...it's not superior.
You can put perfume on a carp - it's a carp.
Hype.

Old fashioned deserves this 5 star rating for the food, ambiance and service.
I had a really fantastic meal there on Tuesday evening.

for all of you bitching about the wait - they just opened the second half of the space!
now the wait is tolerable, if there even is one.

A great Wisconsin restaurant.
Tons of local brews and great local fare make this a must visit.
Great fish fry, and a really cool atmosphere in the heart of Madison.
Offers good selection of beer, and some great local foods.

I've been to the Old Fashioned a bunch of times.
The food is good, the beer selection is awesome, and it's a fun, lively place.
But my last visit really sealed the deal for me.
I ordered a dish at lunch that they only have on the dinner menu.
They mistakenly charged me for and gave me the kids' version.
When I told the server, they instantly took care of replacing the dish with what I had wanted, and would not allow me to pay the difference between the two.
All done with total grace and courtesy.
There are a lot of places with good food, but the Old Fashioned adds in exemplary service.
We'll be back.
(Even though there are STILL long waits for tables, even after their expansion!

I've been going to the Old Fashioned almost weekly for the last two years or so.
The combination of Double Bubble (2-for-1 taps & rails) and karaoke is a lethal one - Wednesday is the new Friday.
Great service, amazing food (No.
33 is my standby, and the cheese curds are generally regarded as the best in town), and an inviting, cozy atmosphere.
The only downside is they're often packed (even with the new expansion), but you can always enjoy the unofficial state drink and namesake while you wait.

Such a great place.
I'm new to the area, but grew up in Wisconsin, and this is traditional Wisconsin fare done right.
The selections of brews (and other beverages) is extensive, and the bar is packed after work and on the weekends - beware.
The menu is great.
The beer-cheese soup is a fave, the cheese curds are freshly made, not pre-packaged and defrosted.
The portions for the sandwiches are entrees are huge, and they are delicious.
The prices are very reasonable.
A sandwich entree goes for as little as $8.
Their desserts are also great.
Inquire into the specials.
Just beware, parking is difficult, as it's on the Square, and crowds after work and on the weekends are crazy.
Hours of wait time are not unusual.
Still, the Old Fashioned is iconic Wisconsin.

I went to the Old Fashioned for a friend's birthday.
It's not some place I would have chosen, because it seemed kind of "uppity" I guess.
But I could not have been more wrong.
First of all, the beer selection is amazing and prices start at $1.50 for a can of Pabst Light (I do not recommend Pabst Light, unless you already water down your Pabst).
They had both great bottle and tap selections.
But the greatest thing was the cheeseburger.
I ordered a cheeseburger with pepperjack...and it was...scrumtrillescent.
The best burger I've ever had.
Juicy.
Flavorful.
Not greasy.
Made with local grassfed beef.
I savored that burger.
Savored the sh*t out of it.
And the price was very reasonable...I think it was like $7 for my burger and fries.
I hope to go back again!

I love the MAC AND CHEESE at the Old Fashioned!
Nowhere can beat it!

This was my first visit to Old Fashioned.
The food was very good.
I had a chicken sandwich with dijon mustard, swiss cheese, and smoked bacon.
It comes with a side, I picked the salad, which had an awesome dressing.
We also got the cheese curds, which I highly recommend.
It was very busy, and the service was great regardless.

The beer menu here is no less than 5 pages long.
Enough said.
I cannot actually vouch for their burgers because by the time I receive my burger, I am always too drunk to objectively judge it as anything other than "the best goddamn thing I have ever eaten in my entire life.
" The onion strings do make for an unrivaled burger topping.
Do not come here on a Friday/Saturday night without a death wish.
Reservations are not accepted, and wait times are sometimes upwards of 1-2 hours.

Super nice servers and hostesses...great assortment of beers and they even let me tastes a few before I choose one to order...had the burger with cheese curds and it was to die for...yum yum good...I wanted to lick the plate clean...LOL!

Best cheese curds of any place in Madison.
Hands down.

UM SERIOUSLY THE BEST FOOD IVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE.
my mind was literally blown.
(also, we went next door while waiting and had HUGE martinis at Harvest .so like my dining partner and I had the drunk munchies by the time the food arrived.
take that into account.
)   Anyway, the food is INCREDIBLE.
not healthy.
but it's delicious wisconsin fare made by someone who knows what s/he's doing.
we had an appetizer of cheese curds in spanish parika sauce.
SO GOOD.
then.
i had the friday night fish fry.
holy crap!!!!
so good.
also my dining partner had a hamburger with an egg on it.
most delicious hamburger on earth.
extremely delicious meat in the hamburger.
oh also, everything in wisconsin is basically free.
we had two entrees, two beers, and an appetizer.
the bill was THIRTY SIX DOLLARS  how is that even POSSIBLE.
it was like being in heaven.
there was about a 20 minute wait and the place was REALLY crowded due to a favorable review in the paper the previous Sunday.
but srsly, it was worth it.
it was like the best meal in recent memory.

Fantastic curds.
After sampling several all over Madison, this place had the best in town.
Never had an actual old fashioned, but if they're like these, they're great.

Every now and then, a food experience so freakin' good it borderlines on an almost religious experience comes along.
Today was that experience for me.
Tomorrow, I get to have a combined root canal and impacted wisdom tooth surgery and I wanted a nice meal in advance of what I know will be shakes, smoothies, ice creams, and soups for the next few days.
So what do I do?
I come to the place I've been dying to go to ever since I've heard about it.
I sit down and the service is, off the bat, great and pretty quick (though, not a lot of people were there around 2pm on a Thursday.
) I get a Baumeister's root beer (I'm sure the alcoholic beverages are great--but I can't justify having alcohol a few hours after waking up.
) It's fantastic, but this isn't what I'm here for.
A little while later, I got the house burger with the famous cheese curds all you guys rave about on here.
Look, I'll be frank: I'm not a huge fan of the eggs on the burger.
After Nitty-Gritty's crap, I was a little scared.
But this burger?
It was like paradise.
In my mouth.
In the best possible way.
It gave the burger a really peppery taste in addition to the quality of the grassfed beef.
Most of the time, you don't really taste the burger, but the sauces--oh no.
I got the burger.
And it was magical.
The cheese curds--here's where I was stupid.
I didn't get the dipping sauces.
I don't know why, but I didn't.
Alone and naked, they were unbelievable.
Overall, for the TL;DR version: It was amazing.
Go.
But don't be too long because I'll be back and I'll shank you for a seat at this place just for scraps.

this place is a nice place to go to with friends with good food and good atmosphere...but beware of their wait times!!
my favorite are the little gourmet hamburgers in this place as well as their brownie desert.
However it is a little pricey so go somewhere else if your trying to not spend too much money... and time

This was the first time I tried the famous Wisconsin beer cheese soup, and it was delicious.
So cheesy and sooooo good.
I had the regular burger, which was delicious with the fried egg and bacon on it.
The patty was so thick and it really tasted like quality beef.
Also the beer selection was awesome, with numerous local beers and at least 30 beers on tap.
It was quite hard to decide but the Spotted Cow beer was a nice compliment to all of the cheese I had.

I hate to give The Old Fashioned such a negative review because I'm a lover of all things Wisconsin and I love their beer menu.
HOWEVER I came here for brunch with my friend and her fiance and were SEVERELY disappointed with the (lack of) service we received from our waiter and my food (ham and eggs) was served cold.
In hindsight I probably should have sent it back to the kitchen but I was probably too fed up to try to flag down the waiter yet again, as I had somewhere to be that afternoon.
First, my friend's fiance order a cappucino.
Nope, the machine was "not turned on yet.
" (odd).
So he ordered an iced tea instead, asked for it sweetened.
My friend ordered a lemonade.
Nope, no lemonade.
I ordered a coffee, said I took cream and sugar.
(I was half expecting him to say "I'm sorry, we don't have coffee.
")  Our waiter continued to screw everything up, take forever, and couldn't even split our bill accurately.
Worst dining experience of my life - that waiter should be fired.
*note that this post was from 2009 or 2010 and I made an edit - I didn't actually eat here in 2011.
Hopefully the brunch waitstaff has improved!

Expanded dining room!

I would give it a 5 but its ALWAYS so crowded  ..
If you are on a diet, please don't open the door .. this is def a food coma place ...Their scotch ale is amazing, their cheese curds are aite, but hell you can substitute your french fries for cheese curds .. only in wisconsin .. their cheese platters are great and their meals leave you full, I always get the veggie sandwich

This restaurant is seriously awesome.
I have only been here in Madison for a few weeks and have been to this restaurant twice already, both for drinks and dinner.
The drinks menu is massive, so I just wound up choosing a few local beers I had yet to try and was not disappointed.
The old fashioned drinks are delicious as well!
GET THE CHEESE CURDS!!
They are so delicious.
The paprika dipping sauce is awesome too.
As is the beer cheese soup!
And the sandwiches!
Great service, a fun atmosphere with a good crowd every night, and great things to eat and drink.

Best cheesecurds in madison

Outstanding food and service!
They are fantastic!
Best restaurant in Madison!

Came here two days in a row for breakfast and brunch- Enough said?
Eggs were perfect, toast and peach jam and rosemary potato!!
Yummy

BEST FRIED CHEESE CURDS.
I mean, you can only (or should only) eat a couple little nuggets at a time, so you might as well go for the gold.
The Mac n' Cheese was yummy, too, but not particularly special or distinctive.

First off, we had a great server who was super knowledgeable.
The beer list has 50 Wisconsin brews on tap.
Delicious!
I got a Spotted Cow (there were so many to chose from, I'll branch out next time), a classic burger and we split an order of fried cheese curds with amazing dipping sauce.
Let's start with the fried cheese curds.
They were amazing.
Hot, slightly crunchy outside with a delicious cheese curd inside.
We chose the ranch dipping sauce.
Dang.
So good.
I gobbled those up (sorry, Mama) and then our burgers came.
I ordered the classic burger (which apparently Monday night special is two burgers for the price of one!
Woo hoo!
) which is a toasted bun with garlic spread, medium burger, aged cheddar cheese, cooked onions, pickle, lettuce, bacon and an egg over easy.
This place uses lots of local produce (no tomato on the burger, its not in season our waiter explained), has excellent food (the lady next to us got some amazing looking mac n cheese) and a pub atmosphere.
They also have specials every night of the week, including the very Wisconsin, Friday Night Fish Fry.

Yummy and reasonable price!
Been there twice , I ordered Walleye sandwich ( very very good !!
) and grilled chicken sandwich ( very good 2).
bread are all pan-fried with butter( kind of heavy, but really good.
)  soft curd was OK.
If u like mozzarella cheese, u would love soft curd.
its ice tea is very good.
it has a scent of rasberry.
I did not even add sugar, and I love it!!
A beer called Rebuen something.
My waiter recommend to me as a light beer.
It does not taste light!
but it certainly is good!

I can vouch for the cheese curds, so wonderful when they are fresh, otherwise, much like other places' cheese curds, they become sluggy traps of oil and blah.
I trudged through my Old Fashioned even though I am a beer dude.
It was strong and packed a helluva punch, but totally worth it.
I first thought it was a Wisconsinan sangria.
Enjoyable.

Okay, let's start with the good:  Bf and I were in town and we decided to stop in based upon many Yelp and other reviews.
On a Saturday night at 7:00 pm, there was around a 30-45 minute wait, but they had pagers, so we grabbed one and went to the bar.
The beer selection was expansive, but I felt like something sweeter so I got a white Russian.
The restaurant was crowded and lively, and the bf definitely appreciated the Duke game playing on the TV.
So... four stars for the bar area.
Now onto the bad:  actual dinner.
Okay, so I wasn't expecting Michelin-starred food, but SANDWICHES?
Seriously.
So the bf got a turkey sandwich and I got the beer-battered walleye.
Nothing much to say about those besides the fact that they must love their mayo in Wisconsin.
We also got cheese curds to share.
I've never had cheese curds before, but I'm pretty sure that they could have called them "TGI Friday's mozzarella stick nuggets" and it would been a good description.
Back to the good:  $35 bill.
Okay...
I can stomach that (even though I can't, literally, since the cheese curds kind of took up 50% of my belly).

We went to The Old Fashioned with high expectations as we had heard so many good things about their food.
Sadly we were let down.
Things started out well with a friendly greeting and a short wait.
Our waitress was friendly too but her attentiveness dropped off a bit during the meal.
They were super busy.
The menu is simple and straight forward which we always like.
Our meals had some positives such as the fish was done nicely and the grass fed beef for the burger is wonderful.
The negatives were that the soup was just so-so in flavor and so was the coffee.
The fries were ok but cold!
My burger was underdone.
I should have sent it back but didn't.
I asked for medium well and got medium rare to medium.
The place is way too crowded for our tastes.
I give them some kudos for good ingredients, good menu, nicely sized portions and friendly service.
We will not be going back.

I tried the walleye sandwich for the second time last night and it is a sandwich to be recognized.
The only thing wrong with it is that it is, somehow, too big.
But believe me when I say I will try to eat the whole thing every time.
My significant other ordered the house burger, which was delicious as well .
We have been here in the past and tried specials, cheese plates and lazy susans.
While nothing has been bad (I was impressed with their cheese platters especially) I have yet to have anything that is equally as delightful as the walleye sandwich.
I highly recommend the Old Fashioned for dinner or drinks.
It offers a casual atmosphere and a great location on the square.

If you're anywhere near Madison, this is the place to go.
I had heard good things and they were all wrong as everything here is absolutely wonderful.
Their beer list is dirt cheap (maybe because I'm from Chicago and I never see great beer for that cheap).
On top of that, they have like 30 beers on tap.
And they aren't your crappy options also.
Some great Wisconsin brews over here.
They have a variety of cheeses that they use on their food as well.
Wisconsin does it right.
They have great beer and great cheeses.
If you're using local products in Wisconsin at your restaurant, then chances are you won't suck.
Anyways, their food is to die for also.
I mean that literally, because if you eat here often enough and get what is oh-so-tempting, then you will die of a heart attack fairly soon.
But what a way to go, it would be.
Um.....how about their homemade, fresh, beer-battered Wisconsin cheese curds.
To.
Die.
For.
I've never had anything like it (maybe b/c I don't live in Wisconsin) and it is unreal.
And they have some very tasty sauces to complement them as well.
Or how about some beer cheese soup?
Yup...awesome.
The top it off with some of their absolutely great burgers.
A variety of classic toppings topped with your choice of wonderful Wisconsin cheese.
Can't beat that anywhere.
And I haven't even had the sausages that look mouth-watering here and their brats, etc.
Thankfully, I don't live around here because I doubt I would be able to control myself from going to The Old Fashioned a whole heck of a lot of times.

Ok - Buddy suggested this place and I was a bit skeptical when he was raving about the cheese curds...  Basically wrote the place off as a typical, hick Wisco dive.
But I was wrong.
Great place.
Had the perch fish fry on a WESNESDAY.
Breaking the Wisconsin Friday night fish fry was a nice change of pace.
We also got the fried cheese curds as an app and they were pretty darn good.
You get you choice of dipping sauces.
It is also located right across the street from the capitol, which was pretty cool.
We got to see a couple hundred protesters against Walkers bill.
Also - had to try my first Old Fashioned... not a big fan.
Waitress recommended the mac and cheese + the old fashioned burger too... we caught a glimpse of these going to other tables - FOOD ENVY!
I'd definitely go back!

this place is ridiculous!
call in to see how long the wait was, they said 10 minutes over the phone before we headed out there.
by the time we got there, we went in unnoticed by the wait staff and later was told there was a 25-30 minute wait!
like wtf!?
i nearly blew up in there considering i have to drive from the other side of the city, while gas is 3.49 a gal!

This a top-ten restaurant in Madison, which has more restaurants than is reasonable for a town its size.
Great for brunch on weekends - their scrambles use local ingredients and are always tasty with excellent rosemary potatoes.
Excellent bloody marys as well.
It's very Wisconsin - Wisconsin beers that are reasonably priced, pickled meats and veggies, and cheese boards.
The cheese curds are to die for.

Food's pretty good, but  generally not worth the wait as this place gets very crowded.
If you can get in, great, but if the wait is more than 20 min, move on as there are lots of nice places in the area.

We stopped in here while walking around the capitol.
It drew a good crowd on a Wednesday evening; we probably waited half an hour to get seated.
I had the lake perch and it was delicious.
The menu has a good variety, and they have a huge selection of beers.
I would definitely recommend it if you happened to be in the neighborhood.

Had a fantastic night here, when all I was expecting was a decent dinner.
The sandwich and salad combinations all looked fantastic, but I ended up getting a salad with salmon and bacon on it.
No, it wasn't healthy, but that wasn't the point.
Amazing selection of beers made in Wisconsin, as well as some spirits made in Wisconsin.
Prices were very reasonable for the beer ($4 for a pint of craft beer?
), and there was a great mixed drink selection.
I got the "Old Fashioned" with Death's Door Gin, and it was fantastic.
I look forward to going again.
Tons of space, two bars on the first floor, and more seating on the second floor.
We had to wait, but we grabbed a seat at the bar, and got some cheese curds and pickled eggs.
The wait was more than tolerable.

Lots of bars have massive beer lists these days.
But how many of them have massive beer lists that only contain beers from their home state?
That's what I loved about this place--pro-Wisconsin through and through.
Unhealthy, cheese and sausage-laden plates are everywhere.
Nice bartenders at a huge bar.
And a separate "build your own old-fashioned" menu that has everything you need to customize your drink.
My only complaint?
it seems to be torn between a gastropub and a family-friendly alehouse.
A lot of children were in the place, making noise, getting things sticky, and generally making me feel less inclined to shout profanity-laden things at the television sets.
On second thought, that's probably a good thing.

It can be hard to get into, I think twice we tried to get their prime rib special and it was sold out by the time we sat down.
But man, after walking around the capitol for a few hours in the freezing cold protesting governor dickless a lunch with a pint of Hopalicious and the best fried cheese curds I have ever eaten reminded me why I love Wisconsin.

Many of the ones that I mention The Old Fashioned to always commented "very Wisconsin.
"  Well, I don't know exactly what that meant, but I was most impressed by the cheeses.
The Cheese Curd was really good.
We also had a platter with 3 different types of cheeses.
One was cheddar; the other one had a beer flavor; I forgot the other one, but they were all very good!
If great cheese is what is meant by "very Wisconsin," then I am all for it!

Excellent beer selection (all Wisconsin breweries).
Had an amber ale that really hit the spot.
Stopped in for lunch, so all I  looked at was the sandwich menu, and it all looked great.
Good prices too.
Most under $9.
I was in the mood for something light, so I got the grilled vegetable sandwich (okay, I admit it).
It was very good, except the eggplant skin was too tough to bite through, so I had to take it out and cut it up with a knife.
Still I would recommend this place.
Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.
View of the capital building (site of all the political protests recently about teachers collective bargaining rights being stripped).
Still a lot of signs up of people supporting the teachers.

I'm in town for work and have a childhood friend who lives up here who brought me to The Old Fashioned.
It sure is great to have a local show you their gems.
We went on a Sunday night at around 6:30 and had a not so bad 30 minute wait for a table for 3.
While waiting, took some beautiful pictures of the Capitol building across the street and then found a spot at the bar to taste a Wisconsin Brew.
They have 51 beers on tap with a whole slew of them made right here in Wisconsin.
You can order a flight of 4, 8, or 12 brews in 3.5 oz cups that they bring to you on a cute little Wisconsin shaped carved piece of wood.
Under each small cup they brilliantly place a name card for the beer that you ordered, which is fantastic for being able to remember which is which of your selection of beers...something you can easily forget when you order a flight of 8 to get a lot of sampling in.
After being seated, I asked the waitress if she wouldn't mind making separate checks for each of us since two of us were there on a business trip, she obliged without an instant of hesitation.
We split an order of Fried Cheese Curds with the Smoked Paprika Dip.
Real cheese curds, battered and deep fried to perfection.
Nice and crunchy and cheesy and the dip complimented them perfectly.
I ordered the #36, Beer battered walleye, which came on some sort of delicious crunchy grilled bread (which I only took a bite of to taste) and a side of Horseradish blue cheese sauce (amazing!!
) The fish was done perfectly, crunchy: battered and fried.
I opted to eat just the fish off of the bread with the sauce as it would have been a bit awkward to eat it as a sandwich with the odd shape of the fish...plus I didn't need the extra calories of the bread.
The side I chose was the Onion Strings and they did not disappoint.
Thin and crunchy.
I guess I was on a crunchy kick this night.
When the waitress brought our three checks, it was awesome to see that she was even able to split the appetizer between the three of us!
The Old Fashioned was a great place for some comfort food and I would definitely go back.

These are the best cheese curds in town, hands down!
I was looking forward to less of a wait now that they've opened up their extension, but no luck.
People love this place, and rightly so.
You will have trouble getting a table.
It is busy.
However, if you are able to sit down, you will enjoy their delicious sandwiches (the pulled pork and grilled chicken are very good), platters (friday fish fry--yum!
), lazy susans, and salads (delicious spinach and grilled salmon salads).
A word of warning, the food can be a bit greasy/heavy, but it is comforting and craveable!
If you sit at the bar, they have fantastic beer specials ($9 pitchers of a different wisconsin beer each month) and delicious drinks (house-infused organic raspberry vodka, anyone?).
The bartenders are super nice, as are the servers.
Only downside is the wait times, but hey.. the people have spoken.

This is absolutely one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.
They have a huge selection of beers and hands down the best fried cheese curds I've ever tasted.
And I love that they serve cheddar cheese with their apple pie (ahhh reminds me of my childhood)- although last time I had it, the pie was cold- way better if it is warmed up and the cheese is room temperature.
This is also a great place to go for brunch!
My only criticism is that it is always REALLY crowded (over an an hour wait for a table at dinnertime on a weekend) and there isn't really a good place to stand near the bar while waiting for a table.
Even with the new expansion, it's still extremely crowded and LOUD (unless you sit upstairs, where it is much quieter).
But overall, the food is fantastic and totally worth the long wait.

The Old Fashioned is a gorgeous environment to admire the spectacular ceiling and unwind with a plate of the best Mac & Cheese I've ever had the only bologna I've ever truly enjoyed.
Highly recommended if in Madison, and plan to go back next time I'm by the capitol.

Great WI fare.
Friendly staff and nice location on the Square, looking at the Capitol lawn.

My memory of being here is a little hazy, but I know I had a great time.
My husband and I were in town from Chicago with my aunt and uncle, and stopped here after dinner.
While munching on unbelievable cheese curds, we consumed many, many beers.
My husband and uncle are both brewers, so we drink a lot of craft beer in our family, and they were really geeking out over the menu.
The place was packed, and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.
Would definitely return!

I LOVED this place and I'm not even a huge beer drinking fan.
The first person I thought of while I perused the beer list was my boyfriend... he loves trying new beers, especially ones that are unique to a particular state/region, and The Old Fashioned has a HUGE beer selection all from Wisconsin (as well as a full bar).
Totally impressed.
The crowd was mixed (which I like), the ambience was festive, and the decor was cool.
If I am ever back in Madison, I shall return.

Not sure why it's taken me this long to review this place.
It's definitely in my top 5 restaurants in Madison.
They absolutely nail the more traditional Wisconsin style dishes, as you'll see in a minute.
I eat here pretty frequently, easily once or twice a month, and I don't eat out that often!
I'll start by stating what I DON'T like about the place first, since this will be short: - It's really really loud.
- Occasionally spotty service (very occasionally)  That's it.
My only complaints.
Not even complaints, really.
Both are understandable side effects of an extremely popular restaurant.
The loudness really isn't avoidable.
The service spottiness I think is more a function of how crazy the place can get when it's busy.
You may have to remind your server you need water.
I will also mention that a few months ago they opened an "annex" of sorts.
They took over the space L'Etoile Restaurant used to occupy, combining the two spaces into the same restaurant.
This added a bunch more seating which helps alleviate some of the crowding, but it doesn't eliminate it.
I've eaten here for breakfast lunch and dinner, and I can easily say that I've never had a bad meal here.
I'll also add that the fried cheese curds they have here are the best I've ever tasted.
I think the breading contains narcotics.
:)  Otherwise, some general notes:  Breakfast: - Wonderful bloody marys.
I tend to order them extra spicy, and they never disappoint.
- There's always a daily scrambler on offer, and those have always been great.
- A huge piece of breaded Walleye for breakfast?
YES PLEASE!
- The potatoes that come with most of the breakfast plates aren't really my cup of tea, I'm a hashbrown kinda guy.
But they are absolutely edible and typically well seasoned.
- Breakfast served until 2PM.
Lunch: - Get there toward the early or late end of the lunch rush.
In my experience, if you show up at noon, you WILL exceed an hour.
(For those with somewhat strict lunch periods at their job)  Dinner: - Easily one of the best fish frys in town.
- It's super busy on the weekends, expect to wait.
Just drink delicious Wisconsin craft beers while you wait.
- They absolutely NAIL the Sheboygan style bratwurst.
My family is from there, so I know what the real ones are like.
They do em right.
I'll finish by saying this place has one of the better selections of Wisconsin-brewed beers that I've ever seen.
Beer heaven!

Great selection of local brews and cheese.
Lively & casual atmosphere.
Don't forget fried cheese curds to accompany your tasty and high calorie meal.

Burger #205: Form follows function (or does it)  I honestly love Wisconsin.
Rather, I love spending a couple days in Madison for cheese curds and pizza.
On my last trip out there, I decided that I needed to try a burger and the one at the Old Fashioned looked the best.
Located plop in the middle of the capitol building square, the Old Fashioned offered up some pretty homely treats; deep fried cheese curds and tall cans of PBR.
Along with both of the aforementioned, I got the house burger, medium-rare.
My grin was ear to ear when this masterpiece of burgertecture arrived; http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RJNAeNA-209sctUO0dmwuA?select=DpwRdmGx8A6mRB6MdsuwPA  The bed of golden fried cheese curds surrounded the pristine tower of beef, pork, and expelled avian egg.
The monolith was not without its faults; the bacon had to be double tucked under the egg-cheese mass to ensure even distribution, and the burger patty itself lacked seasoning.
But the bacon, yolk, cheese, and added cheese curds added back the missing salt.
Overall, a very tasty burger that I'd be happy to try again.

Service here is extremely poor.
This place does not accept reservations so there is always a 40 minute wait for a table.
No doubt,the food is good but the hostess is always snooty and impatient.
I love their cheese platters and burgers.

Others have said it better and more loquaciously then I likely will so let me summarize:  An order of cheese curds, the Old Fashioned Burger with onion strings on the side and a solid beer of your choosing (perhaps a great local like Spotted Cow) is like getting punched in the mouth by a big thug named Delicious.
A Mack Truck full of flavor is going to run you down like a dog, then back up over you to make sure that you can't eat or drink anymore because you're SO satiated.
Maybe I exaggerate.
Maybe.

I think the mac and cheese is their best dish.
Get it with the bologna.
Good comfort food.
Their cheese plate looked good and their onion rings are great if you like heaps of the thin cut type (which I do).
The perch is my favorite of the fish selections.
I had that tonight while there.
Ordered a bowl of the beer cheese soup, too.
Somewhat flavorless and they garnished it with popcorn.
Bleh.
The rest of the menu is passable.
They try too hard for down-home Wisconsin cooking.
Whatever that is.

Our second night in Madison, after we'd passed The Old Fashioned several times, we decided to check them out for dinner.
We each started out with an Old Fashioned (so appropriate, right?
) and one of the cheese plates.
I'm a HUGE cheese lover, but I wasn't entirely impressed with the selection.
The camembert was served cold, which doesn't do it justice at all.
The other 2 were just fine, but nothing outstanding.
We also both ordered the Old Fashioned Burger.
Seriously delicious stuff, but so incredibly messy!
Make sure, if you can get your servers attention, that you ask for a few napkins.
This is not first date food.
I would love to have tried a few other items on the menu, as everything looked fantastic, but alas, it was our last night in town.
Next time, Old Fashioned!

Like the hundreds of reviews before me, this place is awesome.
And there's very little to add that hasn't already been said.
But I'll try to add something new.
Location:  Right on the square.
It's perfect for people watching and very near parking.
They have recently expanded, from what I was told, so there's more room and less waiting.
Happy Hour!!
: from 3-5pm nightly all Beers are half off!
And with most being around $4/pint (reg price) that's pretty sweet.
Their beer list is also pretty expansive.
Food: Cheese Curds are out of this world yummy.
They aren't heavily coated or fried.
Burgers, Brats, Pulled Pork...I don't think there's a bad thing on the menu.
Service: Attentive, friendly, prompt.
No complaints whatsoever!
One last thing...this place has a fantastic smell.
It's that wood burning oven, smoky, brewhouse, with a hint of cheese curd kind of smell.
It's amazing.
I wish they could bottle it for men as a cologne.

From the minute you walk in the door...this place has a great BBQ hickory smell.
It also feels like home.
Many people complain about the crowd.
I seem to always come in here by myself and always find one lonely spot at the bar.
The bar also has a ton of beers too...in fact 150 Wisconsin beers in the house...which makes for a long beer picking process.
Personally I trust them and go for the beer of the month, which is only 2.50 for a pint...nice...June 2011 is the Fatty Boombalatty beer of the month.
Not only is it good but it is fun to say when you order it!!!
I also had the Sheboygan's Grand Champion Miesfeld Market Double Bratwurst with raw onion , pickles and brown mustard in a buttered Highway Bakery hard roll.
$7.95 or as it is listed in the menu the No.32.
The brats are amazing...so good!!!
I was not happy with the hard roll...it seemed like the thing that was wrong with the sandwich.
Maybe a soft roll like they serve in Sheboygan would be better?
Just maybe.
There are also great bar eats too...I tried the spicy pickled egg for a buck...it was okay.
I've had a better one in a small bar north of Sheboygan years ago.
I need to find that place again!!!
Always a lively spot.
Also at 10:30 on Tuesday night happy hour started as I was getting my bill...I was totally tempted but could not see myself drinking anymore beer...2 for 1 pints...great deal but I needed to go to sleep for a busy day at work...maybe next time!!

The Old Fashioned is my favorite place to take out-of-town guests.
It showcases the Wisconsin food and culture that we all remember from trips Up Nort', but offers some sensible and vegetarian food, too.
The walleye is terrific (huge portion) and the stuffed trout is great (if you don't mind your fish staring at you).
They also have salads with Wisconsin ingredients like bleu cheese and Door County Cherries.
It's always fun when my guests see that they can add a fried egg, bacon, or Braunschweiger to their orders for little extra.

Husband and I used to eat at the Old Fashioned at least once a week, sometimes more often.
When the protestors were running rampant at the Capitol, we stopped eating there as frequently.
Lately we have returned only to be disappointed.
The new hostess seems to have a perpetual look of boredom, also has no concept of what tables are open, we asked for one that was empty outside and watched as another was vacated to be told there was nothing available.
It did not appear that anyone was waiting for them either.
We walked down the street had a drink elsewhere, and returned a half hour later and both tables were still empty as well as a few inside??
We have stopped in for a beer twice in the last month.
Each having 2 pints a piece of 4 different beers only to have them served luke warm including the Schlitz as well as micro brews.
Not sure what has happen to one of our favorite Madison restaurants, but hope them can get the magic back.

If you ever make it to Madison, you gotta check out this spot.
Right on the capital - if you can sit outside in the summertime, even better.
I will advise that this place is ALWAYS packed.
If you think that you're going to walk up to this place during normal lunch and dinner hours and just get seated, your kidding yourself.
That being said, they did just expand into the spot that L'Etoile used to be, so it's probably not as bad as it used to be.
Still, this place is RE-DIK-U-LUS.
You can't beat the burger unless you head east to the Caribou.
Melt in your mouth.
The bloody mary is also solid if your working on your hangover.
Outside of that, keep it up Madison.
For a small city, the food joints can hang.

Been twice for lunch.
Always busy , but has great food and speedy service!

Although I have read so many good reviews on this place, but I must say I was very disappointed.
The main reason is because it takes almost 40 minutes for our food to arrive.
And for some unknown reason, the table next to us (who ordered 10 minutes after us) got their food faster than us.
We went there on Sat.
noon, and it wasn't terribly busy.
Sad face.

Lots of beers from Wisconsin available, but only one cider.
Food was OK; we were directed here from a cheese shop because they offered fried cheese curds.
Pretty hopping place!

This place gets great reviews so my wife suggested we go here for lunch.
We arrived by walking and it was already pretty busy around 11:45 on a Friday.
A host seated us at one of those booth/table combo seats in the front window area.
We were handed menus and then asked if we had joined them for lunch before.
When we answered "no", it was then that we found out that they do some kind of half-ass table service for lunch.
The customer is expected to read the menu, and remember the number of the sandwich.
Then go up and stand in line by the bar cashier to order.
Oh and if you want a beer from their extensive list, then you also need to remember that, but that list is not on the menu they handed you at the table.
I saw a sign hanging with the list, but then a passing waitress noticed me reading it and handed me a beer menu saying that they weren't all listed on the sign.
There are numbers next to the beers, but don't bother remembering those, because the cashier was confused by them, explaining that they change all the time.
So we eventually ordered and paid.
(How do you determine a tip on a credit card when you haven't actually been served yet?
)  My beer was handed to me at the bar.
For some reason, my wife's chosen beer was not immediately available and we were told it would be delivered to the table.
I wish mine had been as well.
The beers were served in ICE cold glasses.
This is NOT a good thing.
I had to wait forever for my beer to warm to drinking temperature.
So back at our table with a little number on a stick, we waited for our food.
It came out promptly and we dug in.
My turkey sandwich with onion strings was delicious.
My wife also enjoyed her grilled cheese with Swiss and cheddar and peppers.
Because it was a "work" day at lunch time, we appeared to be the only ones drinking beer at any of the tables that I could see.
Maybe the bizarre service style better accommodates the in and out lunch crowd.
After we finished our sandwiches, we sat and enjoyed our beer, but we felt no desire to extend our stay by going through the trouble of getting another beer.
Overall I wanted to like Old Fashioned.
The food was very good and the beer selection was an impressive list of Wisconsin breweries, some of which I had never heard of before.
Unfortunately, the service was so disappointing that it sullied my opinion of this place.
I hope they are better at dinner time.

Great cheese curds, we enjoyed the paprika dip on them.
The perch was good, it had a very nice breading, not too heavy like so many places.
The location is fun.
We went on a Friday evening, so it was about an hour and 15 minute wait, but we were able to get drinks at the bar while we waited.

Came here in the middle of a road trip.
I wanted to experience something quintessentially Wisconsin, and Yelp led me in the direction of The Old Fashioned.
The food was really good, the decor was supper club classy and the beer was local and tasty.
We went on a Monday before 5, which meant crazy deals.
2 for 1 beer and burgers meant we saved a lot of money.
The cheese curds made me a little queasy, but that's only because they tasted so good that I didn't stop when I should have.

cool atmosphere, great food, superb service.
Real Wisconsin food!
Worth the wait.

I just was there for lunch with friends.
They are experimenting with the ordering process.
You have to write down your order and bring it to the bar which was AWFUL.
Additionally, this was very inefficient.
The person in our group who went to the bar to order had to keep coming back to ask questions about our order (we weren't specific enough).
I wish we had someone taking our order.
Also, I felt that I didn't even need to tip (but I did - just not 20%) because there was a lack of service esp.
if one of our group is doing the job of a waitress.
The food was good.
I had a burger that was seasoned wonderfully, but it seemed small for the price.
There are many different beers to make anyone happy.

I wanted to give this wonderful establishment five stars for the cheese curds alone, but it just wasn't a five-star experience.
My girlfriend and I came to the Old Fashioned late on a Friday night for dinner and drinks.
It was packed, but they told us it would be about thirty minutes so we went by the bar.
Let me say, the bar is amazing.
The bar tenders are on top of their game and they make delicious drinks.
Also, our cheese curds cam while we were at the bar and they were awesome.
When we were seated about thirty minutes later, the experience changed.
The waitress, clearly a little frazzled since it was late on Friday and it was busy, was awful.
She was brash, kept on asking "is that going to be it?
" as if we were delaying her Friday night plans.
The food was also lacking.
We got the Friday night special - The Fish Fry.
The fish was hit or miss.
One piece was really well cooked.
A couple of pieces seemed like they was fried for a half hour - a little hard and pretty dry.
Completely unappetizing.
The fries were stale.
The bar, drinks, and cheese curds are worth it, the dining room service and food are not.

Great beer list.
They make the best old fashioned cocktails.
You have to order one when you eat here.
Fried cheese curds with garlic sauce is the perfect snack when you stop in for drinks.
They are known for their burgers and rightfully so.
I love the fried egg on it- even if it can get messy.
Their fries are not my favorite..nothing special.

52 Wisconsin micro brews on tap with one of the more innovative menus I have seen.
If you love "Wisconsin" food, you will love this place.

I really want to like this place better.
By the looks of the photos on here I think I just had a below average experience.
We went this July - knew it would be crowded and it was.
No biggie, we were prepared to have a drink while we waited anyways and found two barstools open at the bar!
I ordered the Brandy Slush - a past favorite of my wives.
It wasn't mixed right - was way too sweet and didn't have the right mix - and the bartender was a bit of a jerk.
No big deal, but probably won't get that again.
Saw a co-worker at the bar who told us they love love love the Cheese Curds here.
My first mistake was not ordering any.
I guess I wasn't in a fried cheese curd mood - plus I ended up ordering the Mac and Cheese with Ring Bologna and figured that would be enough cheese.
Maybe it had to do with the fact that it was Summer and hot - but I did not enjoy the Mac and Cheese and Ring Bologna.
The cheese sauce was not yummy or impressive and although the Ring Bologna may have been of good quality - it wasn't what I expected.
Might have been better on a super cold wintery night.
My wife got a sandwich and that looked much better.
Service was OK considering they were packed full and had a good waiting list.
From the photos online and other dishes I saw around me, I think I'll give this place another try - but from this first visit I wasn't impressed.

Best.
Mac.
And.
Cheese.
EVER.
No need to add bologna.

Cheese curds with tiger blue sauce.....doesn't get much better than that

In planning a trip to visit Madison, I wanted to make sure we got to The Old Fashioned.
I had heard so many great things about it from friends who've been there, and I had read so many great reviews online on the restaurant.
It seemed like a prime location--right across the street from the capital building.
After waiting for an hour (this place was PACKED!
), we finally got to our table, and we were flipping through their menu and loving it--so many unique sandwich options!
The atmosphere is nice in there--casual, kind of classy/trendy.
Service here was awesome.
Depite how busy they were and how stressed out they must have felt, the staff still had welcoming smiles on their faces the whole time and was so attentive.
The food came surprisingly quickly and was very yummy.
Can't wait to come back here when I'm in the area again!

This is an EXCELLENT place to sample the craft beers of Wisconsin on draft.
Apparently, after speaking to our bartender, the Old Fashioned wants to showcase the area's craft brews.
They have a large selection of draft beers on tap including our new Wisconsin favorite, Ale Asylum.
Our bartender -- I believe his name was Billy -- turned us on to Ale Asylum beers.
First, he offered us the Bedlam, which I have come learn is only offered for a limited time -- I think it's something like May or June through August.
Wow!
The Bedlam is a must try!!
The Hopalicious was also good.
I have a new love for the beers made by Ale Asylum, not to say that other Wisconsin beers aren't good.
All the beers here are good, and the Old Fashioned is the perfect place to sample them.
Our bartender was very patient with us.
Once we learned that the Old Fashioned showcased mainly (or only) Wisconsin craft brews on tap, and since we aren't from Wisconsin and are very unfamiliar with most of the beers, we put Billy, our bartender, through his paces asking him about -- well, pretty much all of the beers they have on tap.
Needless to say, the service was EXCELLENT.
The place is very crowded and tends to be loud, but don't let that deter you from visiting this place.
Upon reading the other Yelp reviews, we tried the fried cheese curds and weren't disappointed.
We look forward to visiting the Old Fashioned again next time we're in Madison.
Hopefully, we can get a seat at the bar next time too!

Great beer great food

So, the other reviews were right when they said you weren't going to get seated right away.
The hostess took our names down and said the wait would be 30-45 minutes long...yet...we looked around and saw there were many empty tables.
Before I started to take it personally, my sister and I asked a couple near the bar to see if this was a common thing.
They were actually waiting for literally, 50 minutes before they were called to their table (in the middle of our conversation).
Apparently, they tell everyone it's a 30-45 minute wait no matter if it's more or less.
We actually got seated about 15-20 minutes after we arrived and we also got a free sampling of the local beers thanks to the awesome bartender who took the time to explain his favorite beers from around the area.
We got to our table and ordered the Wisconsin burger (their beef is grass fed locally apparently) and also ordered the mac & cheese (you got to...it's Wisconsin!).
The food came out in excellent time and the burgers were DELICIOUS!
Nice, melt-in-your-mouth burgers.
They weren't overwhelmingly greasy...just juicy.
Yum.
And the mac & cheese, to die for.
I forgot what kind of cheese combo they had but it was light and heavenly.
This place is definitely a fave in downtown Madison!
Also, the price is amazing for all the food you get.
Also, as far as atmosphere, the capitol building is literally across the street...great scenery!

Wow!
We had lunch here and came back for dinner, it was so good.
The House Burger must be seen to be believed.
Ask for more napkins if you order it; you'll need them.
Great onion strings, too.
We did think the cheese curds at the Capital Tap Haus were better than the Old Fashioned's, but B+ isn't bad, right?

Beer batter cheese curds.
with tiger sauce.
i don't know what tiger sauce is, but its delicious.
The cheese curds are to die for.
my husband, who is lactose intolerant, eats a dish each time we go by himself and believes it to be well worth the bonding time he later has with the bathroom (caused by his lactose intolerance and should not be taken as a fault of the cheese curds).
That being said, the rest of the food is A-OK, as is the space.
Nothing special.
Just salads with a bit too much dressing, sandwiches and fried fish-- all of which i've had better at other places.

We hit The Old Fashioned for lunch a few days ago.
Quite lovely, over-all.
We were seated promptly (this is a big deal to me) and greeted in a timely fashion (also important).
Not sure if this is a normal occurrence but we had to go to the counter to order and pay for our food rather than have the order taken at the table.
Not a big deal - it was quick and painless.
I had the #23 salad, which had a nicely-cooked piece of salmon complete with a smidge of crispy skin, which I love.
The deviled egg was tasty, though I wish it had been more than half an egg.
Also quite liked the tarragon vinaigrette that it came with.
The husband had the #30, which comes with a fried egg on top.
This is becoming more and more of a common occurrence, at least in the Chicago area - I was a little surprised to see that it wasn't fried within an inch of it's life like most places we go to, and a nice runny yolk.
The cheese curds were yummy, too - I didn't try the sauce but I have the tiger sauce on my list to try the next time we are in town because, well, who wouldn't want to eat something called tiger sauce?
Refills were quick and we got the right amount of attention from servers.
Also, they stop serving breakfast right at 11 so if you are even 2 minutes late, you must select from the lunch menu.
Some places have overlap but not here, which I don't view as an issue.
Overall, very good stuff!

A great place to meet and greet, but be prepared for a wait.
I hit just over an hour on a Tuesday night.
The old fashioned Burger was a true taste of local grub.

I recently have found a new love for old fanshions and thiers didn't dissapoint.
More about that later...A friend of mine were driving back from my lake house and we decided to stop here for some drinks and food.
The place was packed when we walked in and had about a 30min wait for a table...this doesn't bother me because I work in the same industry and you really need to piss me off for me not to like you...That being said we walked around their two bars trying to find a couple open chairs..no luck.
Soo..what do you do?
GRAB A BEER!
I starred blankly at their menu of beers for a good 10min before ordering and was plesnely suprised by lake fronts ipa.. delishious!
My friend got the new glaurs totally naked and it was on special for $2.50!
SWEET!
Eventually a couple bar stools came available and we scooped them up extremely quick.
By that time it was time for...yep another beer...seeing how long it took me to order the first i decided to grab a flight of 8..hehee..all WI beers and all were pretty good..the barback was cool and chatted with us a bit and didn't mind running from bar to bar to pour the flights (i guess you can only order beer flights from one side..hmm..whatever)   Food:  fried cheese curds..bomb...lake trout...bomb  night cap was an old fashion ordered by my lady friend so it was a sweet but frickin good!
The Old Fashioned is a must stop if in Madison!

I came for the breakfast.
It was very well made, but nothing creative.
The breakfast is served in the bar area, which is not really the right ambience for this meal.
It is also relatively inexpensive, with lots of 5 buck breakfasts.

Incredible selection of Wisconsin (only?
) beers.
I tried Bedlam by Ale Asylum, at the bartender's recommendation, and was not disappointed.
The fried cheese curds were worth getting but I could feel my arteries clogging as I ate them.
I got the house burger, which comes with a fried egg on top, and was really good.
I gave 4 instead of 5 stars only because the beef was merely above-average and the bread a bit crumbly.

I am absolutely enamored with this place.
Awesome Wisconsin-centric everything.
At the time of my last visit the only non Wisconsin beer on the menu was Grain Belt Premium from Minneapolis, and it was listed in the "Import" section.
Incredible.
The Old Fashioned is the perfect place for breakfast on Saturday morning before a Badgers football game, and your grandpa will be proud if you order the walleye and eggs.
Great location, great food and drinks and the service has always been fantastic.
It's not exactly a road trip, but I have made weekend trips to Madison just for breakfast at the Old Fashioned.
It's that good.

The Old Fashioned is 100% Wisconsin (great selection of Wisconsin beers, Schlitz signs all over the place, lots of meat and cheese on the menu) but does it in a gourmet way.
Stopped by for brunch, good service.
The rest of the party had creative burgers or the top-notch macaroni and cheese, while I had the Wisconsin Benedict, featuring a bratwurst patty and mustard cream sauce.
Delicious, very well cooked!
Will definitely be back to work through the beers and the rest of the menu.

All the best Wisconsin brews all in one place.
The Old Fashioned has over 150 different beers from all over Wisconsin.
The food is always good.
They try to use fresh local ingredients and even have grass-fed beef.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
The only downside is that this place can get very crowded and loud.

I am delighted that two years later I love this place.
Great atmosphere and  yummy food.
We went on a Tuesday night and the $1.50 tacos were surprisingly yummy.
Not to mention the mac n cheese is pretty incredible.
Everyone including the kids were thrilled with their dinners.
Definitely a great place for after work drinks, dinner with friends or the whole family.
A Madison must!

the food was good and the bloody marys added the fourth star to this joint.
we went for brunch and while the selection was decent, i'm a little disappointed that i saw tables around us getting lunch when we had only gotten the brunch menu.
my waffle and my guy's scrambler were decent, cheese plate was good, and bloody mary was amazing.
perfectly to my taste, not so spicy as other places, but still very flavorful - not to mention strong.
service was fine, they were having some sort of down syndrome event to support a local down syndrome group, so had different kids with the servers helping to serve, host, etc.
it was a really nice touch to know that this establishment was willing to partake and help out!

Some people turn to chocolate, some to alcohol and drugs, when I find myself feeling a little low, I head straight to The Old fashioned- time to devour a House Burger!
I think it's the bacon, garlic, cheddar, and the soft-cooked egg that speak to me the most.
Should I be concerned that meat and dairy are beckoning?
Maybe, but I'll be back.
Amy the waitress is very nice too.

This place has NEVER disappointed me!
It's high quality, good old fashioned comfort food in an incredibly comfortable setting.
No matter what you decide to order, you really can't go wrong, but if I were to recommend anything it would be the Beer-battered Walleye Sandwich, it is OUT OF THIS WORLD!
Every bite has the perfect combination of flavors, I have no idea how they do it.
The cheese curds are also amazing and you must have an old fashioned.
I prefer a brandy old fashioned sweet.

Yes it is very crowded ad loud but the food and beer are worth it.
The cheese curds are probably the best in town with this amazing tiger sauce.
Try them with a #38, which is a summer sausage sandwich, and a pint of the house brew.

I love cheese!
I mean real cheese.
I love beer!
I mean good microbrews.
After taking the tour of the beautiful Wisconsin Capitol, we stumbled upon the menu of this great american classic restaurants.
The menu is typical american bar food but...
They use Wisconsin cheeses and serve tons of microbrews.
The special on tap is so inexpensive!
Just awesome.
We wanted to try everything that add the combo Cheese + Beer so...
In winter, it is a great place to get your calories up after loosing them all in the cold.
We tried:  House-made fresh Wisconsin beer battered cheese curds: Great curds.
The batter is crunchy and tasty.
There are a little oily but you know it is fried food.
Challenge achieved the dish had Cheese and Beer.
Wisconsin beer cheese soup garnished with popcorn: We just had to have it as it is a specialty of the region.
It was heavy but really good.
Challenge achieved the dish had Cheese and Beer.
(Obviously)  The Old Fashioned House Burger: It is a grilled over fire and topped with fried onions, Bavaria's hickory-smoked bacon, aged Cheddar, garlic sauce and a soft-cooked egg on a buttered and toasted roll.
It is a massive burger.
I love eggs on burger!
The meat was good, the cheese great.
The flavors were bold and strong.
The egg could have been a it better.
Overall a great burger.
So this dish did not have beer in it but we drank beers with it so it kind of counts.
Cheese and Beer for every course: Mission Accomplished.
In Wisconsin bars, you receive a card with 100 microbrews listed.
You get a stamp every time you try a different beer.
Too bad I was just visiting.

More hype than good food unless you are looking for a booze bar.
The Mac and cheese was almost worth the 45 min wait but the rest of the food wasn't.
Service friendly with a lot of college kids.
Many looked like they should have been carded.
Go back?
Maybe.
Wait?
No way.
Parking impossible.

What an awesome place!
Old fashioned's were up to quality and I had the "spicy burger" which was cooked medium, exactly what I wanted, with bacon, jalapenos, and pepperjack cheese, very good.
Overall, I will definitely be stopping back the next time I'm in Madison!

I was between a 3 & 4, but remembered they have the best cheese curds I've ever had.
Good fries too.
MAC & cheese is usually pretty good.
Fish fry's not the best I've had.
Nice atmosphere.

This venue has great food and great service.
I would highly recommend the breakfast/brunch menu if you are going to the Farmer's Market in Madison...you won't be disappointed!
Plan ahead on those days, because it can take an hour or so to get in.

Best place in Madison if you eat there once a month.
Not so great if you eat there every day.
Drinks are beyond amazing and priced beautifully in the Wisconsin fashion.
Waitstaff is plentiful.
Atmosphere is perfect.
Everything has cheese in it, and I mean it.
I will go there for the rest of my life.

This was my first trip to Madison (and Wisconsin in general) and I went here for dinner as recommended by the hotel.
GREAT selection of Wisconsin beers and cheeses and a good choice if you're looking for something classically Wisconsin.
After tasting about 7 beers, I settled on the New Glarus Totally Naked.
Went well with my spinach salad, which in turn didn't make me feel so bad about the fried cheese curds.
Man, I am so glad they don't have those in Colorado!
It would be bad news for me (if you haven't guessed, they're a-ma-zing!).
Definitely would come again.

Great comfort food and the best bloody mary's in town in my opinion.

Before even stepping foot into the Old Fashioned, the joyous atmosphere is already palpable.
People waiting in line outside seem more like they are casually hanging out than waiting for a table.
I'm told that a table typically takes 20 to 30 minutes to open up, but it's possible to sit at the bar and order food as well--a much more attractive option if you are there alone or with one other person.
The interior is dark wood, making for a tavern-esque feel.
The lighting is bright enough to see clearly, but dim enough to encourage socializing.
It feels a tad cramped, partially due to the sheer amount of people in the restaurant, but the skilled servers are able to deftly navigate despite the crowd.
The service is prompt and friendly.
The bartenders are alert, and look around constantly to see if they can be of service.
I'm told that this particular restaurant serves over fifty different microbrews, all on tap, as well as the popular name brands as well.
Furthermore, they offer a beer of the month for only $2.50 a pint--a bargain!
I started off with the cheese curds, which were made perfectly.
The breading was fried crisply for great flavor and textural contrast and was thin enough to let the cheese be the star.
The cheese itself was a perfect elasticity and size, with great flavor.
The dipping sauce I chose, paprika, was good but not fantastic; I had hoped for a stronger paprika taste.
While waiting for my entre, I ordered a spicy pickled egg of the bar menu, and it was the best choice I made all night.
The egg was presented plainly, but the taste spoke for itself.
The spiciness was infused into the egg and released slowly.
It did not overpower the egg, and the slow onset of the spice really helped to enhance the flavor of the egg and really synergized with the pickling.
The specials for the night were tacos, pulled pork, roast chicken, and fried tilapia and I order one of each.
The tilapia was superb--really, I think the Old Fashioned has deep frying perfected.
The chicken was tasty, but was overpowered by the salsa roja; the pork, on the other hand, was dry and did not have enough salsa to cover up the dryness.
However, for the price of $1.50 per taco, I was well-satisfied.
In terms of drinks, the Moon Man I had was delicious--a tinge of fruitiness and a little bitter counterpoint made for a very refreshing drink that helped to lighten the rich cheese curds.
I of course also had to try the namesake drink, a brandy Old Fashioned, which was as delicious as it looked.
The mashed up orange in addition to an orange slice garnish really helped to accent the brandy.
The Old Fashioned is definitely worth a visit, no matter who you are.
I have heard that their burgers are where they truly excel and I am eager to try them.
With very reasonable prices, especially for such tasty food, I have a feeling that this is place I will return to often.

The Old Fashioned is a great place for groups.
They have a variety of sandwiches and daily specials that cater to whatever need you have.
Our table ordered a side of cheese and crackers (came with three types of cheeses that were all fantastic), and a variety of sausage that came was also awesome.
They make some very soft macaroni and cheese that is topped with bread crumbs.
It comes in a mini boat style plate that comes with a large quantity of macaroni and cheese.
Their prime rib sandwich is average (the meat is fairly tender but doesn't go too well with the bread and it also comes out extremely juicy which makes the bread a bit soggy).
They also have a wide range of drinks.
Their hard apple cider shot is really good.
It balances that cider taste with a slight bit of alcohol.

The old fashioned is aptly named.
I was slightly upset that I went for lunch since I previously had my hopes on trying their old fashioned.
I got the meatloaf sandwich on texas toast and upgraded to fried cheese curds for a side.
I was thoroughly embarrassed that I could only eat about a third of the meal .
yeah its heavy stuff.
Lunch was an interesting format; order at the bar and pay right away.
Food came quick and people checked on us a few times.
Location: Great (literally next to the capitol and very accessible by about a million buses).
Feel: Old-world-wisco-pub with a touch of new world flair.
Staff: little interactions due to the lunch format, but everyone was nice.
Food: Portioning was super heavy and the meatloaf was basic.
Food was good for what it was, although I had hopes for something a little more thought out.

Great atmosphere.
I think the salads are the only non-alcoholic thing I've had here, but I just get an overall good feeling when I'm here.

Yum.
I wish there was an equivalent of The Old Fashioned in Ann Arbor, but perhaps it is best that there isn't, because my disposable income isn't as flexible as I'd like.
Their drink menu is massive.
Out of the few I tried, I enjoyed the hard lemonade the most, though the raspberry beer wasn't bad either.
I'm not huge on fried food, but the garlic cheese curds were sufficiently tasty.
The pork shoulder sandwich probably wasn't the best choice for me, as I prefer salads, but it was also above average, as far as sandwiches go.
Not too shabby, Madison.

Never any better choice if you want a good Sconnie meal.
The Old Fashioned is one of the things I miss most about Wisconsin after moving to New Orleans.
HUGE tap beer selection, amazing fish fry, heavy, heavy food.
Delicious, unique meals, made with local products whose origins are told right there on the menu.
The only tidbit I've learned that disappointed me slightly was that the fries are from bags in the freezer, but they are still delicious, especially when you add their Spanish paprika sauce.
Still, gotta go with cheese curds from the Old Fashioned, right?
Some recommendations are:  Everything

This is one of the best Madison restaurants.
It's fairly cheap, got an outrageous beer selection, and has a few really excellent pub food choices.
The burgers and curds....out of control.
The let downs?
You're going to have to wait at least 30 minutes to be seated and they don't take reservations for small parties.
But you can just spend that time drinking at the bar!

I would definitely stop by again when i'm back in wisconsin =)   i went there for lunch and it was getting really crowded.
it was a neat restaurant that offers a TON of beer selection!!!
the service was ok.    i ordered the Old Fashioned House Burger.
Their burger was sooo big that i had to eat with fork and knife!!!!
soft cooked egg oozing over thick slices of bacon and topped with fried onions.... it's a perfect combo!!!
garlic sauce enhaced the whole experience... oh so good!!!!
their bread was so yummy... oh gosh i'm drooling as i type this!
i usually don't rave about hamburgers but i'm totally raving this one!!!!
Mmmmm... cheesecurds... that was the main attraction and i'm so glad i did~  i had to bring some back to California!!!
it was quite tasty!!!
it was a bit salty in my opinion, but loved the chewy inside!!
almost reminded me of fried mozarella but with more flavor!!
i wonder if i can make this at home =)   If you're in the area or driving through the capital, totally should stop by this place and try their food!

The Old Fashioned has good food and great beer.
Their cheese curds are delicious, but the Tiger Sauce overrated.
Difficult to find something healthy, although their side salad option is an excellent one.

Loved this place!!
Came back to Madison for Wisconsin fare, and that's exactly what I got.
Started the night off with well, an old fashioned; Wisconsin-style with Korbel.
That's the way my parents drink em', so I thought I'd give the old stand by a try.
It was most delicious!
The drink was made well--very sweet and with real fruit.
Yum!
Moved on to some local delicacies--a pickled turkey gizzard (not worth the chewing), and a PBR with a spicy pickled egg in it.
They served that to me in a chalace, it was pretty wonderful and disgusting.
Their local beer selection was excellent.
We tried some local porters and IPAs.
It was good they were representing Wi  The food was great!
We had the deep fried cheese curds and onion stacks for apps.
Then we shared the potato leek soup (soup of the day) and the trout.
Both were very delicious.
Can't wait to come back!

Just eat here to get to know Madison.
Burgers, cheese, brats, and anything that goes good with beer.
Nothing here is outstanding, but it's a nice place for lunch and all those things that you need to get checked off your visit-to-Madison list.
Try the fried cheese curds, cheese/sausage plate, brat sandwich, apple pie with cheddar cheese, a nice Wisconsin beer and have a good conversation with a friend.
DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT go here on a game night as TV volume is louder than most concert amplifiers and they don't take reservations.

If you are a Madison visitor, this is a must stop before you go.
After dinner a group of colleagues and I hit this bar to get, what else, an Old Fashioned Sweet and some CHEESE!!!!
The waiter was awesome and the drinks  were phenomenal.
Here's where it got a bit fun - think a cross between Fear Factor and Fraternity Hazing.
A senior leader at the company decided to test the meddle of the group and ordered the following (all out of a jar, mind you): -Turkey Gizzard -Pickled Egg -Ham Hock -Beef Jerkey -15 Year old cheddar -Weird other cheese -Cheese curds  Well the beef jerkey, curds, and 15 year old cheddar were outstanding.
As for my eating of the gizzard, hock, and others - let's just say this, I DESERVE A PROMOTION!
Definitely check this bar/restaurant out - good vibe, good drinks, and a good menu.

I came to Madison to visit my brother recently and this is where he took me.
He said, 'we need to go to The Old Fashioned because it's December and they'll be serving their cherry bounce'   so I said, 'what is a cherry bounce?
'  Apparently all year they soak cherries in separate jars of vodka, brandy and bourbon.
Yummo!
We tried each kind.
To be honest, they all just tasted like cherry pie to me - so no difference between the different alcohol mixes.
But!
They were all AMAZING!
If you're in Madison in December at all, be sure to check this out.
Delicious!
Also, there's nothing like a seasonal special - especially when it's seasonal because it takes all year!
I had their mac and cheese to eat which was delicious.
My brother and I also got a cheese plate (the no.
1) in advance, and that too was incredible.
The staff was friendly and sweet.
Tip: on a Friday you have to get there probably before/at 5:00 if you want to get a table.

Didn't live up to the review standards.
Great sandwiches though

I came here for a networking/informational dinner.
We started with cheese curds because this was my first and only time in Wisconsin, and I heard that you can't visit without trying the cheese.
We told the waitress to surprise us, so I don't know which ones she surprised us with, but they were decent.
A girl in the group said that they were the best she has ever tried, but I don't really have a standard to compare this with so I have no clue.
I ordered the scandinavian style chicken dinner, which was a half chicken rubbed with cinnamon/cardamom/juniper, with mashed potatoes and stuffing on the side.
Everything was decent but nothing about my meal stood out to me.
Lovely decorations

I really, really wanted to like this place, unfortunately, it fell short of my expectations.
As usual, when visiting Madison, the hubby and I check Yelp for a cool place to chill, sample some local brew, and get away from the relatives.
As a native Wisconsinite, I was excited about getting some deep fried cheesecurds.
I'd heard really good things about the curds here, but unfortunately, they let me down.
They would have been outstanding if they'd been fried to a crisp.
Unfortunately, they were soggy and blah.
Next, we tried the New England Clam Chowder (not very Wisconsin, but hey).
I'm certain that it was straight out of a can.
It was fine...if you like Campbell's, but we were hoping for something more fresh, and less bland.
At the suggestion of my brother, the hubby ordered a walleye sandwich and fries for his entree.
I'm not a fish purveyor, so maybe this is typical, but it had no flavor.
None.
The fries were clearly not made onsite, and they too, were not done as much as they should have been.
I ordered the #40, a grilled cheese sandwich with bacon on Texas Toast and a side of onion strings.
The grilled cheese was so good!
It was gooey, the bacon crisp, and the toast was buttery.
Score!
The onion stings were not fried enough.
My hubby ordered a flight of beer to try the local offerings.
The server told us that when ordering, you have to stick to one page, since the pages don't communicate.
it's almost like you're ordering from a different establishment if you order from one page or the other.
Weird.
The hubby enjoyed the vast selection.
Our bill came to around $50.
Normally I don't mind paying that much for a good meal, but I walked out feeling disappointed.
If the soup had been fresh and the curds, fries, and strings had been done enough, this would have been a great meal.
The atmosphere was loud and crowded.
We sat at a table that never should have been placed where it was.
It was near a door so every time someone came in or left, we were blasted with WI winter air.
Also, there was no flow for the servers or the other guests who were waiting so we were frequently bumped and had people breathing over us.
Not cool.
(I'm a huge fan of personal space.
)  Like I said, I wanted to like this place.
My sandwich was reasonably priced at around $7, but that and the beer selection are the only things I'd go back for.
I have a feeling the next time we're in Madison, we'll be looking for a new place to try.

Weary from studying all day, searching for the truest of true Wisconsin experiences, my friends and I (self-aware pretentious visitors from Chicago) were lured to The Old Fashioned by tales of fried cheese curds, cheese, cream, burgers, more fried things, and bountiful Wisconsin natives.
We waited for a bit over an hour for a table for 3 at 7PM on a Saturday night.
It was worth it.
I'll never forget about my first bite into the burger I had.
I could do nothing but exclaim, "This is the best burger I've ever had!
" and promptly fall into a rapturous food coma.
The bun is blissfully soft, but sturdy enough to keep the burger together, rather than deteriorate as some other hefty burgers are wont to.
The fried cheese curds are also delightfully squeaky - as we were promised - and were served with some kind of interesting sauce.
My friend sampled the eponymous drink and was pleased.
But, let's be honest, the burger stole the show.

Everything people say is true.
Fresh fried cheese curds, a delectable lazy susan platter (cheese spread!
pickled beets and green beans!
Wisconsin red potato salad!
),  more cheese curds, friendly service and 2-for-1 drink speclals in the afternoon.
It was so, so good to be home.

This is my absolute favorite restaurant in Madison.
I come here every time I'm in town.
Such a nice up-scale twist on classic Wisconsin food.
I love the cheese plate appetizers!
They have great breakfast options and great salads.
As a vegetarian I have lots of things to choose from here!
Great bloody marys with lots of veggies and beer chaser!
It can get very busy on weekend mornings during the summer since its right across from the farmers market.
And it's a great night life spot too!

Came for a late lunch and left extremely happy.
The cheese curds with tiger sauce were the best I've ever had.
I loved the New England clam chowder, which I normally don't care for.
The Old Fashioned burger is something I wish I could bring back home.
It was perfectly seasoned, and the complement of the garlic sauce and yolk of the soft egg made me fall in love with this burger.
A seat next to the window also provides an amazing view of the Capitol building.

Madison is an awesome city and the Old Fashioned is a local icon.
Since we were in Wisconsin we decided that we had to sample the cheese curds and I am glad we did because they were awesome!
Service was very friendly and fast despite being busy.
Highly recommend.

I've never had a bad meal here.
And while I wouldn't say I've had a mind-blowingly great meal here, everything I've had has been a well-executed, slightly-upscale take on the "supper club" food I grew up with.
Well, one exception on that "mind-blowing" thing - the fried cheese curds are amazing.
It's a feat to elevate something as heavy as fried cheese to a crispy, transcendent little morsel, but they do an excellent job (and offer a wide variety of tasty dipping sauces.
I prefer the smoked paprika).
Breakfast, lunch, dinner - always solid, always delicious.
Breakfast/brunch here is a hidden gem - fresh scrambled eggs, house-cured smoked salmon, granola with Door county cherries, and other takes on brunchy classics make appearances, and there's even a few actual good options for vegetarians.
I've always had fresh ingredients, excellent preparation and seasoning, generous but not overwhelming portions.
Oh, and they have one of the better Friday fish fries in town, especially the walleye.
I've heard their Saturday prime rib is delicious, too, but I've never actually been able to get a table on a Saturday night to try it.
And therein lies the restaurant's main problem.
The Old Fashioned is a victim of its own success.
Even after the expansion into the old L'Etoile space, the restaurant is seemingly always uncomfortably crowded, loud, and the waits for a table are often unreasonably long.
If you do choose to wait, you can either pack into the bar area, stand outside, or try to cram yourself into the tiny vestibule.
It's not really something they can do terribly much about (although I do wish I didn't feel like I was running a gauntlet past the bar to get to the restrooms), but it is uncomfortable enough that when they say "it'll be about an hour wait for a table" I usually go elsewhere.

A gal like me would be found in a place called "The Old Fashioned.
"  I'm a lover and collector of typewriters, Polaroid cameras, anything old and fogey-ish.
Add in the Wisconsin culture, and I am sold.
This place screams 'Sconnie from the curds to the selection of local beers to the ability to add Braunschweiger or ring bologna to menu items.
Pickled egg anyone?
I didn't partake in any of these goodies, but I did get curds as well as sample several beers (go with the sampler glasses set in a little wooden Wisconsin).
I also tried the Wisconsin style old fashioned with Korbel.
It's sweeter than the traditional one, but I have a spot in my heart for it nonetheless.
My sandwich was good, the curds were better.
This place is popular and does get crowded, but I do hope to brave those crowds on a repeat trip sooner rather than later.
Hold the pickled eggs.

This bar was packed when my bf and I walked in!
The wait was supposed to be 2 hours, but luckily, we were able to snag some seats by the bar fairly quickly.
We immediately ordered cheese curds and the cheese spread sampler (when in Wisconsin...) The cheese curds were like little fried pieces of crack!
I still think about them every so often.
And the cheese spread was equally appetizing.
The beef jerky we later ordered came as a generous slice that covered half of the plate it came on.
It was the perfect salty snack to go with our beer.
The beer selection at this place is great and is bound to have something for everyone.
Big thumbs up to Madison after visiting this place!

Great food and atmosphere.
Ordering is interesting in that you write on card and pay at register.
They missed our appetizers and as a result they paid for them!!
Cheese curds are a must, even if you are healthy eater...
The are so good they haunt you later.
Great selection of Wisconsin beers.

Really, the cheese curds alone are worth a 5 star review.
But everything else is just as good!
I would say if you are in Madison you must stop what you are doing, run to this place and order some cheese curds and a beer, but it seems that everyone already knows that!
It was packed when we first arrived from Chicago at 12:30 on a Saturday.
We had to wait about 45 minutes for a two top, but when you get to sip on a frosty glass of  the local Hopalicious brew while you're waiting, the time just flies by.
So after devouring the basket of cheese curds (served with smoked paprika dipping sauce, thank you very much) in about 4 minutes, I moved on to ordering a flight of delicious craft brews which came out proudly displayed on a Wisconsin shaped tray.
Lunch was an amazing sandwich that consisted of grilled eggplant, roasted red peppers, zucchini and goat cheese piled on buttery, lightly toasted country bread.
YUM.
The service was exceptional.
Our waiter made excellent beer suggestions and even wrote down the name of one so we could remember it after we left.
We happened to be in Madison for a night and I'm glad someone recommended The Old Fashioned for lunch, however I would have no problem driving two hours from Chicago to hit this place up again sometime.
It was worth the drive.

We go to Madison about once a month for various Badger sporting events.
Sometimes we do double-headers and have to find somewhere to kill some time between the two events.
Let me put in here that I was a little disappointed by Yelp Madison - the top 10 reviews are for bakeries and coffee houses, making it difficult to find what locals think is a great place to eat.
Anyway, we ended up choosing the Old Fashioned a few days in advance, so I spent some time looking at the menu online and was really looking forward to trying some of their food.
Because of the timing of the events, we got there about 4:30.
The place was still pretty busy considering it was pre-dinner time.
It's a good thing we got there at that time, since it was absolutely stuffed to the gills by the time we left at 6.
Despite having like 140 beers, they carry just one hard cider, which I think is a little ridiculous.
But I ordered it.
It wasn't very good.
So I perused the giant beer menu and went for an apple New Glarus I'd had elsewhere and loved.
They were out of it.
And before I could even go back to the menu, the waitress let me know they were out of 2 other fruit beers.
However, the waitress suggested a beer on special that, based on the name, I'd never had tried, but it was quite good.
So good on her for knowing the flavor profiles of what they had available.
Since it was early, I was still pretty stuffed from lunch and the meals there all looked huge.
I knew from Yelp that the fried cheese curds were a must and I couldn't imagine how I'd handle a whole meal, so I decided to piece on together.
I ordered the curds for us to share, then ordered a side of the dill potato salad and a bowl of the beer cheese soup.
The curds were as advertised - spectacular.
But everything else was a disappointment.
The beer cheese soup is clearly made with sharp cheddar - it had that good, sharp bite.
But it was also incredibly gritty because hard cheese like that doesn't melt well.
You could see the gritty pieces all over the spoon.
It was just an unpleasant texture.
Also, because it was so sharp, it was kind of a lot - if you know what I mean.
It needed some bread or a pretzel or .... something to break up the strong flavor.
It came with a small packet of oyster crackers, but those just soaked up the soup and didn't accomplish anything.
And the dill potato salad didn't taste anything like dill.
It was ok, but not great, but I as someone who loves dill, I was really looking forward to it so the lack of flavor really disappointed me.
So I think the food was probably pretty ok, but after reading the menu I was really looking forward to these things and they failed to meet my expectations.
The boyfriend, incidentally, had the Saturday night Prime Rib special and it was delicious.
He ordered the "small" and the plate was huge, with a giant mound of onion strings, which I don't think he even touched, plus a baked potato and the Prime Rib.
The Prime Rib was melt-in-your-mouth.
I wish my meal had lived up to the promise of one bite of his.
We were in the room off to the left of the hostess station and there is a long bar there.
As the restaurant got more and more crowded, so did the bar and there just wasn't room for all those people.
Folks were bumping into the back of the BFs chair and the servers couldn't even get through.

Food, service, drinks, it's all A+!!!
They have nightly specials that are great.
Tuesday night is tacos,, the chicken is amazing

My family and I took a weekend trip to Madison from Chicago.
It also happened to be a Saturday when the Badgers were playing basketball and hockey games.
After spending the day at the basketball game and walking around Madison we were ready for a nice dinner.
We waited about an hour for a table of 6.
We arrived around 6 so waited until 7.
The one annoying thing is that you can't put your name in and walk away so we waited outside for a bit.
When we were seated we ordered our food.
We got the cheese curds with the different dipping sauces for an appetizer.
They were amazing!
I got the Mac and Cheese...I mean when in Wisconsin.
It was decent, but I've had better.
One of the highlights of our trip to The Old Fashioned besides the location and atmosphere was the draft root beer.
I'm sure I'll visit again the next time I visit Madison, hopefully over the summer when it's warm.

Cheese curds are a must!
Walked all over looking for a place for both teenagers and grandma, and this was it!
Absolutely fantastic.

Here for dinner and drinks on a busy Saturday afternoon/night.
If there is another establishment in Madison with a better Wisconsin beer list, I haven't found it.
Hundreds of beers to choose from with prices that are phenomenal (Average price $4 for a regular bottle and a 750 ml bottle of New Glarus Belgian Red was just $11!
) and a very solid combination menu for crafting your own Old Fashioned (complete with Ginger Beer for an extra $0.50 - nicely done) and that pretty much concludes the highlights from our visit.
Unfortunately, it seems that every time I visit the area, every decent bar/restaurant downtown is packed, and this place is no exception.
We had an hour and a half wait before getting a drafty table by the window and the server appeared to be having a rather bad night as I don't believe she said more than 10 words to us while we were there (and that includes "good evening" upon her first coming to the table).
Food arrived quickly though, drinks a short time later (it would have been nice to have the drinks first, but the bar was absolutely jammed).
Overall, the food is ok, not great, not terrible, but the overall combination of the great Old Fashioned drinks and the beer selection/prices make up for the other inconveniences of coming to this place.
We would likely come back if it weren't so busy, but if there is a wait, this place wouldn't be on our list of places that we have to come back to check out.

After a recent dinner I am less enthused by the food.
Curds are good but the rest of the menu is extremely heavy and not very high quality.
Drinks, location, appetizers all nice but I will avoid it for an actual meal from now on.

I have been a fan of The Old Fashioned for years, from breakfast to dinner.
I always sit with my boyfriend and other friends at the bar.
Recently we had the worst service on a Sunday morning for Brunch.
There were only 2 other people at the bar when we got there.
We sat down and watched 5 people walk by and never once acknowledge us, not at all!
It was over 10 minutes and a few of these people had passed us multiple times.
We even tried to wave them down.
What seemed to be the manager, dark haired tall woman was talking to some of the staff and basically eating while ignoring us.
Finally the bartender came over with an air of arrogance as if we sat too far away from the server station for him to get to us.
We finally got to order our drinks.
We asked for food menus and we were ready to order and again we waited and waited to get their attention.
At this point the place was filling up.
We finally ordered and the food was ok.  Usually I would say it is fantastic, but this time just ok.
The breakfast potatoes were cold and left a lot to be desired.
At this point some of our friends joined us and sat at the bar next to us, again over 10 minutes for them to order a drink.
They had no questions about drink options they knew what they wanted it was just that difficult to get the staff to acknowledge them.
Later one bartender closed us out and the other one then walked over and handed us the bill we just paid.
We explained the situation that we had paid with the other bartender and he seemed pissed that we even had to explain this to him.
Horrible service and the food is just ok, maybe not worth the wait anymore.

You know how some bars have an odd assortment of appetizers for people to munch on?
Things like picked eggs, turkey gizzards, etc...
Things you might not eat if you hadn't just put a few beers down?
My buddy ordered the turkey gizzard one night.
Expecting a horrible slimy taste, it was actually a chewy, salty, a unique taste that can be described as similar to a strong chicken broth.
Then our friend brought some back to our house and tried to make our high-school aged babysitter eat them.
She won't babysit for us anymore.
True story.
Seriously, though.
This place is awesome.
The cheese curds are the best in Wisconsin.
I still haven't found a better draft beer selection in Madison.
That said, cheap PBR on tap?
Count me in.
I still haven't found a bad thing on the menu.
Only downside is unless you're an early bird special type, prepare for a wait.
This is where that huge draft beer selection plays in their favor.
There's not much else to say that other reviewers haven't said.
Other than you need to be here.
And eat turkey gizzard.
Just don't push your babysitter to eat them later.

YUM!
This place smelled of delicious meats and cheeses.
We were in visiting Madison and I found this place on doing a yelp search.
Oh man it was really tasty.
Awesome beer list, happy to try some native brews.
We had the crackers and wisconsin cheese dips for an appetizer, it was super tasty.
I had a delicious veggie sandwich with eggplant, red peppers, and goat cheese (#4 or 35 maybe) and my husband had some crazy burger with an egg and all kinds of stuff on it.
The kids had mac n cheese, totally decadent and thick, and salmon, good but on the small side.
We were too stuffed for dessert.
I like the atmosphere and the waitresses were wonderful.
Would definitely go back!

Ah the "Old Fashioned.
" Should read "Wisconsin's BBQ".
For some reason, it took me a while to get here.
This has got to be the best example of Wisconsin "supper club" I've been to yet.
I have recently re-taken to the poultry meats (few veggie options flourish at this establishment: salad, veg/cheese sandwich), and I can FINALLY enjoy the beauty of "smoked and cured" here in Wisconsin.
BBQ just ain't much in this town, so if you need that kind of fix, come here for "smoking" awesomeness (sans sauce).
Everyone has a favorite here; mine is the chicken sandwich.
It's actually pretty boring to some of the other menu items, but the secret's in the bacon.
It's a great combination together: delicately flavored, wood-grilled, medium-cut, moist chicken (breast style, not shaved, not ground) against 2 thick-cut (check it: 1/4 inch!
) pieces of smoked bacon, wedged between basic country bread: one mustard, one mayo (or opt for the "tiger sauce" little more horseradish bite - not "hot", but more zing).
Like a one-two punch and I'm "out".
(hahaha ) The original comes with Swiss cheese, but I'm lactose intolerant and avoid (A friend recently had this sandwich with cheese and said it changes the flavor a little: adds a heavy, sweet tint).
I just can't explain how that smoked flavor makes my tummy pull a smile to my face.
And you're listening to a person on a mostly salt-free diet!
It's not salt but smoked, hickory and all!
To smooth it all down, try one of their 52 TAPS!
(even more bottled!
150 total).
And please, in a bar with this wide range and in the state of "brewers", don't be a tourist - TRY something different.
Blue Moon is not the end all, be all of 'stylish' beers!
Try a "snit" tasting (3 oz samples), find the one you like while you wait for your food, then order the perfect beer to wash down that smokey flavored yummy whatever you chose for Bfast, lunch, or dinner.
Now for dessert, skip the edible stuff and get to the real Wisconsin treat: you HAVE to have the namesake, Old Fashioned.
Initially I wasn't a fan, but I've been in Wi long enough, and just knew I could do it.
I mean Wi children are practically raised on these!
At this bar, took me about 2 times to find the right combo!
This place has variation after variation to help you find the right one, and BILLY is the best Old Fashion bartender in the state - listen to him.
He muddles like there's no tomorrow!
My tip: unless you're from Wisconsin or love Korbel style drinks, avoid the "true" old fashioned: I love me my Whiskey OF sour!
(Took the ingredients South, think I might have some converts back home!
)  Other tips: This place is perfect after Farmer's Market shopping in the warmer months!
Plus the cooks usually buy something from market and for extra, can add it to your meal (like fresh tomatoes or corn) - look for the add-in.
On warm days, the salads are great.
The tuna sandwich is nice, but nothing excellent.
This place is heavy on cheese (the great stuff is fried cheese curds and the mac n cheese).
With that said, it's heavy food!
Share that s...tuff, don't settle for it alone as your meal.
Even better in cold months.
From what I watch, people also love the Bloody Mary's - and they look great (garnished with meat, cheese, olive, pickle, even add pickled egg!).
Breakfast: The breakfast rosemary potatoes are unlike anything I'd ever eaten before - deep fried, like potato wedges, but smaller in size and much better flavor.
Order the small apple fritter (from local bakery) while you wait in AMs.
Caution: The breakfast ham is a drug - salty meaty yummy.
Who cares about the 'sides' if the main event is a knock out?
the fries are only the 2nd best in the mad-town and the onion strings are addictive.
"look mom, they're all gone!
"  Wait time can be an hour on the weekends: find the bar, catch a bartender and a cheap Blatz, watch the old westerns, listen to Johnny Cash and glasses clinking against rushing taps, smell the hickory, peruse the menu, wait it out and smile.
You're turn is coming, it's worth your time.
Dangit!
I gotta go back!
Old Fashioned - thanks for rescuing me from this BBQ wasteland!
Ps.
You re-define the brewing state!

What a pleasant introduction to Madison, WI.
Cut your way through the political tension and grab a seat at the bar to avoid the wait.
Take your time ordering through over a hundred beers.
Sample all the old fashioneds.
Just remember that, no matter what, you are not Don Draper.
As nice as folks from Wisconsin are, they will still snicker if you come in stunting a fedora with a Lucky Strike dangling from your lips.

One star for the cheese curds and awesome homemade ranch.
One star for the super sweet server.
One star for the great atmosphere.
I want to give more, but I can't.
After circling the blocks for quite a while, we finally found a place to park.
This made the start of our visit a rough one.
While driving back from MN to IL, we wanted dinner and I wanted to try the cheese curds that everyone was talking about.
So my husband appeased me and drove around trying to park the car.
Once we finally did, I was thrilled that we did not have to wait for a table.
We ordered the cheese curds right away with the buttermilk ranch.
They were good.
Not the best I've ever had, but better than Culver's.
The ranch was fabulous!
My hubby ordered chili on spaghetti.
It was dry and completely underseasoned.
Even two weeks later when I asked him about it for this review, he said how disappointed he had been.
I opted for the Sunday special.
A half chicken with mashed potatoes, roasted parsnips and carrots and stuffing/dressing.
The chicken was seasoned nicely.
The skin was flabby instead of crisp.
The mashed potatoes were very good.
The parsnips and carrots were my favorite part.
The dressing was meh.
Sadly, nothing was very hot.
We just wanted to get home so we didn't complain, paid our check and called it a day.
Can't say that I'll bother going back which I guess is okay because I can't see ending up in the area again anytime soon.

Cheesecurds and Old Fashions.....That's all you need.

Nice atmosphere, very mediocre food.
Indifferent wait staff.
Don't get the vegetable sandwich, it is very bland.
Beer cheese soup was okay and cheese curds were ok.
Pulled pork was just pulled pork, no special flavor, really not much for flavor in general.

Ah, The Old Fashioned.
This is Madison... and Wisconsin, too.
I think of the food as Wisconsin staples, one step up.
The ingredients are local and fresh, and I always leave happy.
I'm a fan of the walleye sandwich and Green Bay chili in particular.
The bar and beer selection is absolutely fantastic... well, save for that one "import" brew from Minnesota :D I kid.
Grab a beer, an Old Fashioned, anything you'd like, and just enjoy.

All right, I' am sure I am going to catch some flak over this review, so let me just say read through to the end before passing judgement.
I've been to The Old Fashioned twice and while my meals have been good, it hasn't been anything to shout about.
Maybe I'm ordering wrong, or my expectations are too high.
The first time was on an early Saturday afternoon around 3pm.
There was no wait, but it was fairly crowded nonetheless and we sat at the bar.
I had the beer cheese soup and the spinach salad with hot bacon dressing.
The salad was large but a touch out of balance; it sort of felt like a big pile of spinach.
In addition, it was delivered with no dressing and took well over 5 minutes to flag down a server to get it.
The soup was great in flavor and thickness but I found the popcorn garnish a touch contrived and honestly distracting in flavor; oyster crackers would be better.
Maybe I should have just asked?
(Aside: I don't recall what my companion had.
)  The second time was on a busy Sunday evening, and I went specifically to get the Scandinavian roast chicken special since it sounded so original on my first visit.
I'd say it was a bit of a let down.
We started with the cheese curds and they're a little salty, but easily the best I've had.
Great stuff, particularly the dipping sauce that came with.
The smashed red bliss potatoes were good and the gravy flavorful.
Accompanying roasted carrots and parsnips were great.The sausage currant dressing was wet enough to have been stuffing (I am not sure it it was cooked in the bird or in a dish) and splashed with a good ladle of gravy.
It was ok; the sausage and currant flavors were mild and I think those flavors could have been more assertive.
The chicken was a good portion but if the menu didn't tell me the spices I would not have known.
It was supposed to be cardamom, cinnamon and juniper which are all strong flavors but they were unnoticeable in the meat and barely noticeable on the skin.
The skin itself was not crisp at all and perhaps a little oily; the flesh of the bird a touch greasy.
Maybe they're using some kind of organic / local bird and I'm not used to it?
I almost felt it was a capon rather than a chicken.
Hrm.
My partner on the second visit had the salmon salad with tarragon vinagrette.
I got to sample that and thought it was excellent, with crispy bacon, cold poached salmon and finely sliced red onions over mixed greens.
There may have been some pecans, but I do not believe my bites had any.
The tarragon vinaigrette was spot-on in flavor and surprisingly thick; it makes me think of cold Bearnaise in both appearance and richness.
It seems unlikely, but I would definitely recommend this dish.
Dessert was a brownie served with grasshopper ice cream separately and we shared both.
The brownie itself was nothing to write home about but the ice cream came drizzled with creme de menthe and was very good.
As I said at the start, I think I'm just not choosing wisely here.
Alternatively, perhaps I'm used to non-jazzed-up versions of these things at real supper clubs up in the northwoods and am a little put off by a quasi-hip reinvention.
I suppose I'm going to have to try the burgers, which all look fabulous.
Prices seem remarkably good across the board now that I think about it.
They could probably raise prices a buck across the board and it would still be a good value.
I'm going to give it another go and see what happens.
Cocktails:  Visit 1: Brandy Old Fashioned, sour.
Good, flavorful, strong.
Visit 2: Brand Old Fashioned, "press" (soda and sprite).
Not as good; weaker in both alcohol and flavors.
I blame the soda.
Stick to the classics, right?
=)  One final note: I'm a modern guy and sometimes fail to carry cash; it's 2012, you know?
So I got a drink at the bar my companion simply wanted water.
I asked to have it placed on my dinner tab.
I was told they don't do that here.
Ok, no problem, here's my card, just charge it.
I was told there's a $10 minimum for a charge.
It's not the bartender's fault those policies were in effect, but perhaps when the hostess indicates you can wait for your table at the bar she should mention these (frankly ridiculous) policies.
I was pretty embarrassed in front of the woman I was dining with.
While I really should have had some cash on me -- I was running late and it was pouring rain so I missed going to the ATM, so I'm partially at fault -- it still doesn't excuse it.

Solid food, solid service, a wide selection of local beers, and reasonable prices.
The "spicey burger" comes with a side dish of jalopeos so you can heat it up to your taste.
Worth a visit.

I've been dying to try out The Old Fashioned since I got to Madison, but both times that I have gone during dinner, the place was packed like sardines in a can.
Well, third times the charm, I guess.
That, and the Craft Beer Week $5 bucket-o-beer was calling our names.
The boys split three $5 buckets between them.
I'm not a big beer drinker, so I cannot attest to the quality or selection of beers in the buckets, but based on the boys' reactions, it seemed like the beers were either a hit or miss.
Still, you can't really beat the $5 for 5 deal.
Even if one beer is a total miss for you, there should still be four decent beers in the bucket.
Buckets were sold out by 2PM though, so...BUMMER TO BE YOU if you didn't get there before then.
I didn't even think there was going to be a limited number of buckets served, but I guess the owners of Old Fashioned have got to make a living too.
Anyway, 15 beers deep + 1 rum&coke later, we were having a smashing good time.
All the alcohol aside...the service was great!
Super attentive, but not of the pushy sort.
Our waiter even split our bill 4 ways without our asking, which was really thoughtful.
Minus one for the food, though.
The bread on my sandwich was way over buttered and looked like it had been grilled for a few minutes too many.
It made the entire sandwich really dry and difficult to swallow.
No bueno.
There also aren't many vegetarian/vegan choices on the menu to begin with, which is why I ended up getting the No.35 portabella sandwich anyway.
Sadbear..this is just one more reason for me to strongly reconsider adding meats back into my diet...and if/when I do, Old Fashioned will be on the top of my list to return to.

We had another place in mind but when we walked by we noticed it was packed solid.
I was pleasantly surprised to walk in and find that it was a classic place, sort of like the name implied.
We sat at the bar and I immediately noticed all the beers came from Wisconsin, period!
How cool is that!
Not being in Wisconsin for a while, I was leaning towards getting some cheese curds and brats.
Instead, I found myself sipping on some Sassy Cow Chocolate Milk, which is probably about as amazing as amazing gets!
I couldn't resist the idea of fish n chips when the bartender told us they had walleye and perch.
Sold!
I got that on a bed of curds and I was set.
Absolutely amazing and some of the best I've had in a long, long time!!
No disappointment here.
It was cool to reminisce looking at all the old Schlitz signs and they even had the beer on tap!
Whoa!
I just loved the feel of the place, everyone was so nice, and, of course, the food was excellent!

Wow, I was really not impressed with the food here.
Maybe I made a mistake of coming here for lunch instead of dinner and for ordering a burger, because it was one of the worst burgers I've ever had.
Interestingly enough, what it shares with the other terrible burgers I can recall is that they were all made from grass-fed beef.
I thought that would taste better, not worse!
The warm chips that come with the burger were pretty good, but they could have served a third of the amount and been fine.
There's no way any human being could consume that much grease in one sitting.
Based on my experience I really don't understand the appeal of this place.
Visited: May 17, 2012

Burgers very good... beer cheddar cheese soup was awesome... popcorn found in the bad snacks menu was eh...
The spicy burger the gf and I split was nice and spicy.
Burger itself was nice and juicy.
I just had the mixed greens salad which had a lot of greens for the price.
Loved the dressing.
Cheese curds were really good as well.
Lots of beers and good food with decent service.
Solid 4 star place.
Only thing I didn't like was the cheddar popcorn.
I didn't know it was just popcorn in a bag and wasn't homemade.
Such a shame in that.

After seeing this restaurant on a Food Network show, we had to stop by and try the cheese curds.
We also ordered the beer cheese soup and an old fashioned burger.
Everything was great and extremely cheesy.
We also love beer flights and this restaurant specializes in them.

Best cheese curds in town!
Great beers on draft.

This is the perfect place to get acquainted with Wisconsin's pride: Beer and Cheese.
Their tap selection is nearly intimidating for a non-local that's just diving into the wide array of charmingly named microbrews.
My husband and I each had a flight of four snits and each one was more delicious than the last.
But what nearly had me making inappropriate noises in my seat was the Mac and Cheese.
I wondered, "How good can a NINE dollar Mac and Cheese be?
" I think I would have paid nineteen dollars for it...the creamy, buttery crunchy topped dish was incomparable.

As iconic of a place you would be able to find in Madison Wi.
The cheese curds are by far the best you will ever have and are a must to those not from the area.
The burgers are tremendous and the selection of tap beers (not to mention the bloody mary) is fantastic.
Only draw back it is at times over the top crowded.

What the F is in the ranch sauce with fried cheese curds???
That is some nasty, yummy stuff!!!!
At lunch I had the bloody mary and it was also the sh**!
I am not from the area, so, to see a bloody done right like this is a treat, and almost a meal!
I had the prime rib sandwich, and although tasty, I thought it could have been trimmed a bit better so it wasn't so chewy.
I wish I could come back more often to experience the rest of the menu and the large tap selection.

I really love the Old Fashioned!
They have my favorite burger in town with their signature burger.
Bacon cheeseburger with an egg on top!
This place knows how to proper cook this type of burger and the key is how the egg is cooked!
The have it down perfect!
Also a great atmosphere, although a little loud when it is fully packed!
Highly recommend!

The BEST cheese curds, great beer selection and location right by the capitol, and they make a mean Old Fashioned....a must-stop when in Madison.

I came here on a visit to Madison from California for a research conference.
First thing: REAL cheap compared to CA (2.50-4 buck beers!
), 52 type of beers and an even more extensive total list with all accounted for.
Food was super greasy and super german which was just the ticket.
Cheese, Beer, Brauts.
Yum.
The service is awesome too!
My one major gripe was that there is NO AC!

This is a sample of what was sent to the email address provided on The Old Fashioned website.
Was sent 6/15 and have not heard back from anyone in management.
Decided to post to Yelp in hopes of providing a service to other potential customers that do not want to be disappointed with service.
Food is always good, but service is horrible 90% of the time.
My suggestion is to sit at the bar and not a table.
It's a better experience and you aren't ignored by the staff when at the bar.
After this experience all I think this establishment cares about is your money.
I will now be frequenting restaurants that provide an enjoyable experience and not a train wreck.
Please enjoy a snippet of my frustrations towards The Old Fashioned.
There is a character limit on Yelp reviews and that's why it might not flow perfect.
I couldn't include everything ;-)  To start off, we had to wait 7-8 minutes for our server (Jesse) to even acknowledge that we were a table of his.
Did the host not tell the server he sat his table?
Was the server overwhelmed?
Or was he just plain ignoring the fact that he had a table?
These were all questions that we were asking ourselves as we sat there and watched as almost every staff member in the building walked by and noticed that we were sitting there with our menus closed waiting for someone to acknowledge that we were even in the restaurant.
Finally, when he did come to the table, he made it seem as he was completely oblivious that he even had a new table.
That is where I became upset, as I work closely with management around the state of Wisconsin and see first hand how table service is KEY!
All he had to do was come by and acknowledge that we were his table and say that he was a bit busy and that he will be with us shortly...that would have calmed the storm from the beginning.
But, we were never acknowledge by anyone that walked by.
If it was that busy, we should not have been sat by the host and we would have gladly waited at the bar for a table to be ready.
In this case though, we needed a server to be ready and not a table, as there were multiple tables open in the dining room.
Now, after ordering our round of drinks and appetizers we were hoping that the server could redeem himself slightly, but again, FAIL!
THE FOOD BEAT OUT THE DRINKS!!
How does this happen??
Not only did we wait 7 minutes to order our drinks, we waited another 20 minutes to receive our drinks!!
How do you expect a customer to be happy when it takes almost a half hour after sitting down to have a drink in their hand?
We had to ask the two girls that were running food to find our drinks for us.
(They were great by the way.
) Obviously our drinks were watered down and most of the ice had melted by the time we got them, but nobody offered a solution to our issue of waiting 20 minutes for drinks.
Never saw a manager, never had an apology from the server, not even an explanation of why it took so long.
Again, either the server was completely unaware of his mistake or just ignored the fact it took as long as it did.
Either way, not good for customer service.
After receiving the food and drinks from our nonexistent server we were satisfied with our choices and were hoping again, that the service could be turned around.
We waited for the server to come back and check on us and ask about the food and drink and to order another round of drinks.
We had to flag him down to order our next round, because either he was unaware of basic serving techniques and customer service, or just didn't care that we were a table of his.
When we flagged him down to order the next round, we then put in our order forour dinners.
He seemed surprised that we wanted to order food and wasn't even ready to write anything down.
Why would you be surprised that someone is eating at a restaurant?
Luckily, this time the food didn't beat out the drinks, but we still had to wait 15 minutes to get our second round.
We had to go up to the bar and ask a bartender to make them for us because we still hadn't received them.
They were made right away, but again, no apology, no explanation, and no acknowledgement by our server.
The bartender that helped us, also looked to possibly be a manager, as she was not wearing The Old Fashioned T-Shirt.
Why wouldn't the manager at least ask us if everything was ok, because if we have to ask for drinks that we ordered through the server at the bar, there are obvious issues.
I never expect for an establishment to give anything away for free, but in this case, we had to pay full price for our two rounds of drinks and they took 20 mins and 15 mins and we had to bother another staff member to even get them that quick.
If you can call 35 minutes for two rounds quick.

This is a sample of what was sent to the email address provided on The Old Fashioned website.
Was sent 6/15 and have not heard back from anyone in management.
Decided to post to Yelp in hopes of providing a service to other potential customers that do not want to be disappointed with service.
Food is always good, but service is horrible 90% of the time.
My suggestion is to sit at the bar and not a table.
It's a better experience and you aren't ignored by the staff when at the bar.
After this experience all I think this establishment cares about is your money.
I will now be frequenting restaurants that provide an enjoyable experience and not a train wreck.
Please enjoy a snippet of my frustrations towards The Old Fashioned.
There is a character limit on Yelp reviews and that's why it might not flow perfect.
I couldn't include everything ;-)  To start off, we had to wait 7-8 minutes for our server (Jesse) to even acknowledge that we were a table of his.
Did the host not tell the server he sat his table?
Was the server overwhelmed?
Or was he just plain ignoring the fact that he had a table?
These were all questions that we were asking ourselves as we sat there and watched as almost every staff member in the building walked by and noticed that we were sitting there with our menus closed waiting for someone to acknowledge that we were even in the restaurant.
Finally, when he did come to the table, he made it seem as he was completely oblivious that he even had a new table.
That is where I became upset, as I work closely with management around the state of Wisconsin and see first hand how table service is KEY!
All he had to do was come by and acknowledge that we were his table and say that he was a bit busy and that he will be with us shortly...that would have calmed the storm from the beginning.
But, we were never acknowledge by anyone that walked by.
If it was that busy, we should not have been sat by the host and we would have gladly waited at the bar for a table to be ready.
In this case though, we needed a server to be ready and not a table, as there were multiple tables open in the dining room.
Now, after ordering our round of drinks and appetizers we were hoping that the server could redeem himself slightly, but again, FAIL!
THE FOOD BEAT OUT THE DRINKS!!
How does this happen??
Not only did we wait 7 minutes to order our drinks, we waited another 20 minutes to receive our drinks!!
How do you expect a customer to be happy when it takes almost a half hour after sitting down to have a drink in their hand?
We had to ask the two girls that were running food to find our drinks for us.
(They were great by the way.
) Obviously our drinks were watered down and most of the ice had melted by the time we got them, but nobody offered a solution to our issue of waiting 20 minutes for drinks.
Never saw a manager, never had an apology from the server, not even an explanation of why it took so long.
Again, either the server was completely unaware of his mistake or just ignored the fact it took as long as it did.
Either way, not good for customer service.
After receiving the food and drinks from our nonexistent server we were satisfied with our choices and were hoping again, that the service could be turned around.
We waited for the server to come back and check on us and ask about the food and drink and to order another round of drinks.
We had to flag him down to order our next round, because either he was unaware of basic serving techniques and customer service, or just didn't care that we were a table of his.
When we flagged him down to order the next round, we then put in our order forour dinners.
He seemed surprised that we wanted to order food and wasn't even ready to write anything down.
Why would you be surprised that someone is eating at a restaurant?
Luckily, this time the food didn't beat out the drinks, but we still had to wait 15 minutes to get our second round.
We had to go up to the bar and ask a bartender to make them for us because we still hadn't received them.
They were made right away, but again, no apology, no explanation, and no acknowledgement by our server.
The bartender that helped us, also looked to possibly be a manager, as she was not wearing The Old Fashioned T-Shirt.
Why wouldn't the manager at least ask us if everything was ok, because if we have to ask for drinks that we ordered through the server at the bar, there are obvious issues.
I never expect for an establishment to give anything away for free, but in this case, we had to pay full price for our two rounds of drinks and they took 20 mins and 15 mins and we had to bother another staff member to even get them that quick.
If you can call 35 minutes for two rounds quick.

The #50 is the way to go - Wood-grilled 16 oz.
Rib-eye completely out-of-this-world.
Great, friendly staff.
The place was busy and non-stop for a Thursday night and we never felt crowded or overwhelmed.
Had to try the house special Old Fashion Bourbon cocktail... delicious.
Overall, a great spot for dinner and drinks right next to the Capital in downtown Madison.

Cheese curds!!
This is our favorite spot when visiting Madison.
The cheese curds are the best.
They lightly bread them so you still get a bit of the squeak from the cheese.
The burgers are always decadent and they have the greatest brandy old fashions.
Last time we were in we sat at the bar and had a great conversation with the bar keep.
Even though it was pretty busy, he kept coming back to check on us and we felt very welcome even though we were just getting drinks and an app.
I also love the lighting and long bar.
Hands down one of my very favorite places to visit in WIsco.

On a Saturday evening my 4 dining companions and I made a visit (first time my myself) to the Old Fashioned at 5pm.
The place was not too busy yet but a decent crowed had begun to make its way in by this time.
We were seated upstairs where its a bit more quiet.
I was not aware they had an upstairs until this visit.
Our waiter was very informative and knowledgeable of the menu items and the preparation of the foods and sauces, and the way several drinks were made and how they taste.
The others in my group all got either  beer or an Old Fashioned of their choosing, I passed on drinks to save room for what I had been reading reviews on over the past week.
Yelp gave the menu overwhelming positive reviews across the board so I was pretty sure I was going to have an easy time finding something both filling, tasty and affordable on this visit.
Lets take a quick walk through this visit so prep your senses for some teasing because that's just what your in for!
My appetizer was the soup of the day($3).
I got the bowl sized serving of spicy black bean and pork with corn.
This was a beef broth based soup with a slight peppery note to it.
The pork was shaved and very tasty.
The black beans could have been cooked a little bit softer but a great soup none the less.
My main course was the No 30.
Old Fashioned House Burger.
($9.95) A 6 oz burger (ordered mine medium) with fried onions, hickory smoked bacon, aged cheddar, garlic sauce, a soft cooked egg and a buttered, toasted roll.
I upgraded my side item to the very highly recommended (yelp) beer battered cheese curds ($3 extra).
The burger was absolutely phenomenal!
Messy but not like sloppy-joe messy, simply so much substance to the burger that it becomes hard to handle.
But worth it of course!
My only comment here is that my burger was cooked well done (I checked after a couple bites in) vs the medium I had asked for.
Outside of that, a hit for sure!
The cheese curds were so good I could feel myself becoming more and more connected with all things Wisconsin on every bite I took I swear!
Like small peaces of golden softness that melted in your mouth.
The nice part about them is that they use a very light and thin breading leaving mostly pure Wisconsin cheese to hit your pallet!
These are a must if you have not had cheese curds before or have not had them in a long time (such as my case).
If that was not enough read on.....I did go and ask to see a dessert menu (the only one in my party with room to dare ask for more).
The waiter told me that the Fruit Crisp with Vanilla Spice Ice Cream ($4.95) was currently stawberry-rhubarb.
That sold me right there!
The ice cream was spiced with cinnamon and was good but not amazing.
I was expecting a cold ice cream topping with a warm pie underneath and perhaps a crust at the bottom.
Instead the fruit portion of the pie was also cold as well.
Not a bad thing just not the contrast I expected.
Nor did I find the crusty top or bottom I would have liked either but still, a very sweet, fruity and satisfying end to a great meal indeed!
My bill which came to just under $24 was a fair price to pay for the portions, quality and service my group and I received on this visit.
I will be looking to make a return to The Old Fashioned soon to try several of their other burger listing but also to try what looks to be (and has been reviewed as) a fantastic brunch menu which for this food blogger always gets my attention!

Friday fish fry and cheese curds!
GO NOW!
Large, large selection of craft beers in bottle.
And good selection on tap, too.
My only complaint is that Friday is so crowded, I was irritated that people were bumping my arms.
And, not to mention I felt as though I was in everyone's way.
Our table wasn't ready and we were instructed to wait outside.
In the f'n heat way, NO!
Check the second bar for seating while you wait for your table.

I love this place mostly for the spicy pickled egg, other bar appetizers, and their beer specials.
But the old fashioned burger is loved by my friends, and I have to agree it isn't too shabby.

If you're a breakfast fan, and I think that most people are, then look no further!
The Old Fashioned in Madison is a fantastic restaurant!
With a charming nostalgic atmosphere, and delicious food, this place is "The Place" to be.
Located right within eyesight of the beautiful capitol, this restaurant offers some beautiful views in the summer, and even better food and service.
The food was quick, and delicious!
I ordered the Eggs Benedict which was perfectly concocted, and a great portion size as well!
While eating at a nearby restaurant the night before, the evening fare also looked delicious!
If you are in the area, I would highly recommend this place!
Great food, service and prices!

This place opened a few years back while I was making my exodus from the Madison area and then from the country.
While making the occasional visit to family over the past couple years, I'd heard good things.
And being back in WI for a few months, I thought it was time to check it out.
The other reviews are spot-on: this place is great.
Although a bit fancy-looking to really live up to its supper club heritage, the food is absolutely great.
Even my Scottish fiance was enamoured.
Great food (try the beer cheese soup!
), an amazing beverage selection, and very attentive & friendly service.
We're recommending this place to friends coming to town for our wedding.
Especially the foreigners - it'll give them an amazing taste of the best state.

Super burger and fries!
Met the nicest folks sitting at the counter.

The atmosphere is pretty cool.
Its really close to the capitol bldg.
and theFish fry, Fried cheese curds and Honey bock beer that I ordered were all pretty good.
I would definitely come back to this spot next time im in Madison.
Check it out!

Yeah just not feelin' the love here.
The Old Fashioned is a crowded, pretty noisy pub with a dizzying array of local beers on tap.
Burger was good but nothing special.
Definately a good watering hole if you want to engage in Wisconsin's state sport, beer drinking.

I was quite happy with my first experience at The Old Fashioned.
I've heard so many people tell me how great this place is; a friend of mine also said that she watched a show on the Food Network that highlighted the The Old Fashioned's cheese curds.
So, I had my expectations set quite high.
I ate the cheese curds for an appetizer, and I had the walleye sandwich with side salad as my entree.
All the food was excellent.
While the service was not the friendliest, it was very prompt and professional.
The atmosphere is unique -- it has a vintage/bar/casual/antique sort of feel.
My walleye sandwich was very tasty, and I like how it was served on a slice of toasted bread instead of a traditional bun or sub roll.
My only complaint is that my toast was greasy from so much butter, making it icky to eat since I used up so many napkins after continuously wiping the grease from my hands.
One of the side dish options with my walleye sandwich entree was a side salad, which I tried instead of a choice of potato.
I was pleasantly surprised to receive a very generous portion of mixed greens with a delicious vinaigrette-based house dressing (see my photo).
I really liked this salad, when compared to the typical "side salad" at most restaurants, consisting of iceberg lettuce and shredded carrots.
And the cheese curds, yes, ARE all the rave.
Eat them.
Just eat them -- that's all I can say!

Old Fashioned was the first restaurant I visited when I moved to Madison - and after a year of touring all of the tastiness that this city has to offer - Old Fashioned is still my favorite.
Maybe it's the cheese curds, which are hands-down my favorite curds on the isthmus.
That paprika dipping sauce is pure YUM.
Maybe it's the atmosphere.
Old Fashioned is always bustling - making for a heck of wait for a Friday/Saturday dinner - but it's a worthwhile wait.
Old Fashioned has this sort of "laidback energy" I've come to associate with the city.
Maybe it's the food.
From the Mac and Cheese to the Fish Fry and for every burger and brunch item in between, the food is just good.
All of it.
All the time.
Maybe it's the drinks.
My first time at Old Fashioned, the bartender let us sample a whole flight of local microbrews.
This is where my love affair with Lake Louie's Scotch Ale began.
But maybe I like Old Fashioned so much because it's the kind of place I can take out-of-town guests for a slice of the Madison experience.
Or at least my Madison experience: Good food.
Good people.
Good drinks.
And most importantly, good cheese.

A great gem in downtown Madison, just steps away from the capitol building.
Getting around this part of Madison can be a little crazy for a first time visitor but if you have patience, this place is worth it.
While I don't drink there are a large variety of craft beers in tap, in addition to root beer on tap that is delicious.
For lunch I ordered the pulled pork sandwich which was amazing.
The sandwich was a dry version and had a pickled relish on it that was amazing.
The pork was so moist that there was no need for any additional sauce.
I also got the deep fried cheese curds which were fantastic.
So good, bite sized mozzarella sticks!

Stopped in this place with a large party at dinner time, all needing separate checks, expecting the worst and was so, so pleasantly surprised!
They've got about a million local beers on tap, and our waiter was fantastic and brought samples of beers before we committed to ordering them.
The fried cheese curds were delicious, as were both of the cheese plates that my table ordered.
I ordered one of the specials for dinner-a really delicious BLT made with local tomatoes and served with a HUGE side salad.
(I'm usually prepared to be disappointed with the size or quality of a side salad, but this one had dark leafy greens, a tangy vinaigrette, and was beautifully fresh).
Definitely worth a try if you're in the area.

We had a great time here, but waited almost an hour on a Thursday night.
Time to maybe expand??
The outdoor seating is only four tables and the patrons sat and sat and sat as we were waiting on a beautiful night.
No eating, no drinking... frustrating.
BUT, we finally were seated.
It's loud in there so be prepared.
Ordered drinks.
My Klisch (which I have had numerous times at the brewery and at home) had lemon in it which it does not normally.
But my brother's hard lemonade was good.
They have tons of beers on tap and will make whatever you'd like.
Hubs is gluten-free and they were out of New Grist, but offered cider or something else.
On to dinner.
Ordered the tuna salad on heirloom tomatoes w./ fried cheese curds.
Fantastic and not at all breaded -- lightly floured so the buttery goodness was melting in the mouth.
Brother dear had a wedge salad and hubs had a salmon salad w./ tarragon dressing to die for.
They had signature old fashioned and i had a perfect manhattan (too dry, but that's ok).
Parking was interesting... but we'll be back w/ my folks in the middle of the day to avoid the noise (they are old) and easier parking.

This place is fabulous :)  On a weekend trip to Madison with some girlfriends, we stopped at this place.
Three separate times, actually.
Highlights: beer cheese soup (we actually used it as dip for the french fries, SO GOOD), fried cheese curds (manna from cow heaven), and $9 pitchers of New Glarus.
(coming from the NY/NJ area, this was reverse sticker shock for me)  Bartenders are extremely efficient and friendly, wait service is great.
There can be a long wait on the weekend, but it's worth it!
Great hangout!

Where to start?
As the name implies, the Old Fashioned has a wide assortment of mixed drinks that are all flavorful and unique.
They're easily one of the most fun bars in Madison.
The food is underrated though.
That is where you will find some simple modifications to standard bar favorites that will have your head swirling.
Garlic Aioli dipping sauce for fries, Old Fashioned Burger with a fried egg, and Cheese Curds with tiger dipping sauce are just a few examples of their simple modifications to tasty favorites.
They execute them to great effect!
A great place for a Friday night dinner and start to the bar hopping.

I've been to the Old Fashioned several times - dinner and lunch.
Very fun menu and a creative, fresh take on the supper club theme.
I would definitely skip the lunch - they have a very chaotic process for ordering.
You are seated, and then have to order food and pay at the bar.
When I went last week for lunch, we were initially seated at a window table, which would have been great if it hadn't been for about 10 flies flying around.
Gross.
We asked to be moved.
We placed our order and paid at the bar and waited.
And waited.
And waited.
Ultimately, we waited for an hour and a half for our food, which was medicore when it finally came.
Turns out that the computer system went down shortly after they placed our order (and a few other patrons' orders) and they couldn't produce the food.
However, they never came to tell us this, we had to seek them out after about 45 minutes.
They never offered us appetizers or complimentary drinks.
And, to top it off, people who were seated 45 minutes after us got their food before us and we got to enjoy watching them eat while our stomachs growled.
Eventually, they decided to take our order again manually and the food arrived.
It was frustrating because we had paid for everything up front, including the tip.
I had to ask for a refund.
When it came, it wasn't a full refund, but I didn't have the energy to try and point that out to them.
Suffice it to say, it's unlikely I will go back.

Good food.
Great cocktails.
Amazing cheese curds.

The first place I ate when visiting Madison was the Old Fashioned, right down the street from our hotel and at the corner of the capital building.
I liked it enough to go a second time for drinks and snacks in the evening.
This review encompasses both trips.
Obviously, as a burger connoisseur, I had to try the Old Fashioned's rendition.
For lunch we ordered at the bar, a typical burger and beer combo.
The beers available are all local to the area, which was nice.
You can get the burger with onion rings, fries or cheese curds -- I chose the curds.
The burger itself was overcooked (I ordered medium, but what came out was almost well done).
Still, for being overcooked, it was still a tasty burger.
Combined with the beer and curds, it was a fine lunch in a nice location.
Later I went back for a cheese plate and drinks.
The cheeses were also all local, and there were several combinations to be ordered.
Honestly, the selections offered seemed like nice pairings, and it was very nice to try some local dairy considering I am not from Wisconsin.
The drink was, of course, the Old Fashioned.
Warning, here an old fashioned is made with brandy, and also had crushed cherries in the bottom.
The result was a drink overly fruity and sweet, though the staff gets points for warning me about the brandy.
Overall, Its a good establishment that offers local food and drink, but the burger was overcooked and the cocktail mediocre.

If you love beer, you've got to come here.
This is especially true if you're not living in WI and want to try some delicious WI-made brews.
They had 52 of them on tap when I was here, many form breweries I haven't heard of (and I try to stay on top of such things from my home state).
They also had many in bottles, including bombers.
And the prices are crazy cheap for such awesome beer.
My brother and I were there on a Thursday night and they were doing 2-for-1 pints of anything...anything!
Plus you can do tasting flights in case you feel like a kid in a candy store (that would be me).
Want to see what WI has to offer in the form of craft beer, and hang out in a cool dark wood tavern?
The Old Fashioned is your place.
Plus, how can you not go to a place with the name "The Old Fashioned"?
I rest my case.

Food, beverages, prices, service.....all awesome!
Double brat with side salad was perfect.
Side of braunschweiger for $1.50 was so good.
Would have been 5-stars but it is incredibly loud (wasn't even a busy time of day) but you can barely hear the person next to you it's so loud.
This place is a must for anyone in Madison!

Beer list is extensive and impressive.
Not a fan of beer?
Try building your own old fashioned.
Not sure what they put in the batter for the fried curds but they are addictive.
The food is always awesome.
The Green Bay Chili is a good choice on cold winter nights.
Love the supper club vibe, reminds me of the bulk of the restaurants back home between Lake Winnebago and Lake Michigan.
Tip: Order all four of the dipping sauces, cheese curds, and the potato chips to share

I am changing my review to three stars now in this update.
I ate here again for lunch recently with my parents who were visiting from Missouri.
I wanted them to experience the cheese curds.
Unfortunately, they weren't cooked correctly how I remembered them from the time before.
The fried outer layer of the curds was greasy -- we had to eat them with a fork because they made our fingers so oily.
They also were small.
What happened from the first time I went there?
On a side note, I actually took my parents to The Glarner Stube in New Glarus the following day.
And The Glarner Stube's cheese curds were outta this world!
Sorry, but something just not good happened to The Old Fashioned's cheese curds in August 2012.

I really used to love the Old Fashioned, but when I was there recently, I was super disappointed.
Granted, my friend and I were there around 10pm, they were gearing up for karaoke, and we were seated outside, but the service was positively lousy.
The server wasn't told we were out there, and we sat for at least 20 minutes before someone came out to us.
We continued to feel mostly ignored for the rest of our meal.
We ordered a cheese plate (the #1), two salads, and fries.
The fries were the only item that didn't disappoint (crispy, salty, and hot).
The cheese plate had three very small pieces of cheese (though they were very good), some walnuts and crackers, and none of the fruit that the menu promised.
I ordered the salad with salmon, which was mostly a bunch of mixed greens that hadn't even been dressed/tossed properly, with a little bit of cucumber, onion, and a tiny sprinkle of bacon bits.
The fish was a bit overcooked as well.
My friend ordered a large green salad, which didn't even seem to have any dressing on it at all.
Our press brandy Old Fashioneds were delicious, but not quite enough to make up for the overall disappointment of the meal.

The Good: beer and food selection, menu prices overall, cheese curd appetizer  The Bad: house burger was just ok, bloody marys were a house "veg mix" that tasted like clamato and horseradish/cocktail sauce - personally did not care for

First time at The Old Fashioned, I very much enjoyed the delicious soup of the day of Creamy Potato as well as their fresh salad topped off with the perfect amount of dressing to balance it out.
The soup was thick and creamy (however it could have used some more potato pieces or more bacon sprinkles) and the salad was young, fresh and tasty.
I definitely look forward coming back to check out their burgars next time.
Service was great, our server was on top of it making sure our food was great as well as refilling our drinks.

Our hotel van driver recommended this place.
It's fun because it's right down by the capitol.
It's very popular and noisy so don't come here if you're looking for a quiet evening out.
We came for the Friday night fish fry.
We has a sweet server with a small voice who was a little hard to hear.
But she was very attentative.
We got the the #2 cheese plater to start.
It was quite good and came with crackers, sliced apple, honey and walnuts.
For our entres, we split a spinach salad (very good) and a combo fish fry.
The cod was just "ok", but the walleye and the perch was quite good.
The fries were average and so was the cole slaw.
Overall, the food was pretty good and it was a fun place with nice people.
Get there before 5:30pm or you'll have a wait.

Great food, great prices, great atmosphere, great service!
What more can you say?
Packed with locals and tourists, I could tell this would be a great dinner and I wasn't disappointed.
Try the burger with an egg and onion straws.
Delicious!!

This place has an impressive selection of beers, perhaps overwhelmingly so.
Our waitress was very accommodating, though, and explained the menu for us.
We also were able to sample our beer before deciding to get a pitcher.
We decided on the 2 Women Lager, which was pretty good: nice and light.
As for the food I had the Old Fashioned Burger and shared a No.
6 appetizer platter with some friends.
Needless to say we came out very full, but the food was quite delicious.
I loved the soft cooked egg that topped my burger.
It was a bit crowded though, even at 4pm on a Saturday.
We had to wait about 20 minutes to get seated, and by the time we were done eating the restaurant was pretty much to full capacity with all the people hovering around the bar.

Recommend this place for folks who visit Madison.
Awesome beer selection.
The weekly beer special was really tasty and reasonably priced.
Enjoyed the Wisconsin burger.
It was very crowded, but the wait was not bad.

You must get a Old Fashion, Lazy Susan, Cheese Curds and No.
30 at some point.
We were left alone for long periods of time and they did mess up one thing on our order but the manager came out and fixed it (just gave us the wrong burger).
Place is loud.
Put the food is excellent.

While a slightly more upscale, supper club inspired concept would typically perk up the skeptic inside of me (he's a hulking beast with a sinister villain-esque handlebar mustache with his head eternally cocked to the side and one eye brow raised higher than the other), this place does it right on pretty much every level.
A wonderful ode to the state, their focus is simple: respect the rich traditions of the food that makes Wisconsin unique, in an environment that is equal parts welcoming and casual, and put it all together with a high level of service.
The menu, while large, was basically broken down mainly into some appetizers, sandwiches, and a few nightly specials.
What was impressive was the care taken to ensure that every menu item highlighted something that was Sconnie-specific.
The beer list alone makes me want to head on back to try a few that aren't distributed here in Illinois yet.
A great setting right across from the capital building, with a nice concept to pay homage to the great state of Wisconsin, The Old Fashioned is a must visit when in Madison.

Short and sweet, because sometimes it's just what you want.
Reasons to love The Old Fashioned: #1: the name....it automatically transports you in a homey and warm atmosphere where you nurse a favorite drink without a care in the world.
#2: the location.
You are in the shadow of power, kids.
The Capitol is watching you.
More importantly, you are watching it.
#3: the prices.
$2.50 for a glorious pint of New Glarus Oktoberfest?
Don't mind if I do.
And do it again.
No suds on tap above $4.
That's enough for me to become a full-time 'Sconnie.
And all the booze is strictly local.
You didn't even imagine they had that much.
#4: the food.
Everything is made in the land of dairy.
EVERYTHING.
Be ready for cheese, summer sausage, beer soup and the like.
Also: you can have cheese curds as a side for your sandwich.
A side of cheese curds.
I mean.... Also: burger with bacon strips and a fried egg to double the pleasure when you had to miss breakfast.
Pretty fab'.
#5: the atmosphere.
Wood galore, kitschy paintings, tin ceiling, vintage lighting and silly signs.
If these are your things, this is your place.
#6: the hours.
Opens at the crack of dawn, closes at 2 am 4 nights a week.
That's love.

Thanks to multiple suggestions, The Old Fashioned was one of the first restaurants I tried after moving to Madison and it certainly set the bar high.
Any beer your heart desires, ridiculously delicious fried cheese curds, heart-warmingly friendly service, and a sweet view of the Capitol to boot...Isn't that what Madison is all about?
I overdid it on the cheese curds and beer ("nothing in moderation" was my motto that night), but judging from the little bit I could manage, the dinner fare was also delicious.
If you're going to eat at one place in Madison, this should be it.
It's a classic!

The Old Fashioned is a wonderful place to familiarize yourself with all things Wisconsin.
Everything the Old Fashioned offers epitomizes Wisconsin inside and out.
It's more than beer, cheese, and brats!!!
However, that being said, what's the best way to start a typical Wisconsin meal?
Beer and cheese!
The Old Fashioned offers over 100 Wisconsin beers and always have one seasonal variety for $2.50!
The specialty cocktails (namely, the Old Fashioned!
) are tasty.
And as other Yelpers have claimed, they DO have the best fried cheese curds ever!
Light batter, delicious paprika sauce.
Eat them while they're hot!
The Lazy Susans are a unique way to try a number of Wisconsin foods (sausage, smoked fish, cheese, salads, pickled veggies) and serve as a great starter for a large group.
As far as entrees are concerned, the fried fish is delish!
The burgers are tasty.
Even the vegetarian sandwich is good.
The Old Fashioned never disappoints!
Great place to take out of town visitors.
One thing to consider, however, is that there's almost always a wait for dinner, so get there before 6-6:30pm if you don't want to wait an hour.

The Old Fashioned is an absolute must when in Madison, as the throngs of folks lining up to eat here will attest.
Seriously, this place is NEVER not busy.
Like, never ever.
One reason is the food is terrific (especially the fried cheese curds, beer cheese soup, or any of the Lazy Susans).
Another is the extensive beer list.
Any WI beer can be found here.
Being here actually made me sad that I don't drink beer because it all looked so damn appealing.
Service is extremely efficient and personable, and the patrons are friendly too.
It's pretty easy to be cheerful in a place like The Old Fashioned.
Prices are right too.
We had a bowel-binding lunch of the afore-mentioned cheese curds, soup, and a Lazy Susan tray of garlic salami, smoked lake trout, deviled eggs, creamed herring, braunschweiger, sharp cheddar cheese spread, as well as beer and cider to wash it all down.
All for a reasonable $50 including tip.
And it's the kind of filling food that allows you to skip dinner (not that we did) thereby saving you more money!
And whatever you do, get some dusseldorf mustard.
It's the best mustard I've ever had.
It literally got slathered on everything.
It just wouldn't feel like a proper trip to Madison without at least one meal at The Old Fashioned, and preferably several.

I just want to say this before I begin writing: The Old Fashioned is a Five-Star place to eat in Madison.
However, a number of things are making me give it four stars.
SO, here we go:  - One of the best tap lists in Madison, bar none.
I'm virtually a regular there a typically go once a week, especially for Double Bubble (M-R, 330-5, 1030-12) for their BOGO on beer and rail drinks.
Kurt is the best bartender in the establishment, by far.
He's attentive, engaging, and knows his beer.
I approve.
- Food: fantastic.
This is upscale-ish pub food.
Great fish fry, burgers, salads, salmon.
The cheese curds are the best in Madison.
Awesome meat and cheese plates.
- Atmosphere: Wonderful.
Usually.
It's homey but laid-back, loud but not too loud, and always tons of fun.
Service is always oustanding.
- Wait time: Sigh, this is where the OF kills you.
This is a "tourist" destination for anyone visiting Madison.
Nearby college recruitment-farm/black hole Epic recommends this to all of their customers visiting the campus.
As a result, it is ALWAYS, crowded.
This, of course, leads to 40 minute wait times, even on weekdays!
My advice?
If you eat, go mid-afternoon or late at night.
Everything will still be awesome.
My advice to the OF?
Get bigger.
It's too much of a mess otherwise.

In Madison on business & read about this place.
I arrived around 5:30 or so on a Thursday night & it was packed!
Both bars were full, but I managed to find one seat.
The service was very good and the food was ok.
I heard about their curds, and I must admit, I have had better.
I am sure their food is great, otherwise, they wouldn't have such a turn out on a regular basis.
The ambiance is very nice & you can tell the locals meet here and it is a regular hangout.
I enjoyed chatting with some local students & learned some neat things about Madison.
I would return if I get the chance to visit Madison again.
Next time, I will order an Old Fashioned & some steak!

Drinking a Brandy old-fashioned at the Old Fashioned?
Check that off the bucket list!
Living outside of Wisconsin for almost a decade, in a state devoid of Friday fish frys, this restaurant sure brings back the nostalgia of 'Sconnie.
Even though it wasn't Friday, I ordered a Friday Fish Fry-ish meal- the fried walleye sandwich, and it was fabulous.
I knocked it back with 7oz Rhinelander shorties (only $1) because its all about looking cool.
If you don't come for the food or drink come to stare at all the shit on the walls.
They had a plethora of Blatz, Schlitz, Hamm's and Pabst collectibles on the walls.
There was one, either Schlitz or Blatz that had a Hispanic dude on it saying "Te Gusta..." - I tried to take a picture (it didn't take due to the glare), but its gotta be one of the earliest examples of an ethnic pandering advertisement from a Wisconsin brewery.
Bonus: they sell postcards for $1, with postage included.
Buy them and send them to your friends, after all the post office could use the money.

I loved this placed!
The beer selection was awesome.
150 beers on draft and most of them local.
That's almost unheard of.
The menu selection was varied with lots of local fair.
My husband got a brat which was a large portion with a good price.
I got a large salad with salmon.
It was good, but it had almost too much lettuce in comparison to the other ingredients.
My daughter got a hot dog that included fresh fruit which  usually I feel as though I have to ask for it when we go out to eat at other places.
We came for lunch, it was a little different process.
You order at the bar then have the food delivered out by a expediter  Still they were very efficient and attentive, despite not having one server..
I was also impressed with the decor.
It is still old school with lots of old pictures and ads on the walls, but very clean and well taken care of.
Bravo Old Fashioned!
Good  Your establishment was the best meal I had in Wisconsin while I vacation and the best lunch I have had in quite a while!

In a town where museum exhibits are dedicated to cocktail of the same name, this is clearly the bar of record, and sets a high standard for Madisonian drinking.
It lives on prime real estate on Pinckney that's of ample size, but not quite ample enough on weekends.
I live in an area blessed with both a wide beer selection and quality old fashioneds -- though not always of the Wisconsin variety.
Here were fifty taps' worth of wisconsin beers, most of them crafty and unheard of out west and all ludicrously cheap.
For sampling I dove in on the $1 samples in 4-beer flights to quickly get the lay of the land.
My favorite menu items were the fried curds (no surprise I imagine; these were fresh and squeaky, with just enough batter to coat.
Other establishments often went much further with the breading than needed) I liked the wedge salad -- and the Wisconsin variation that places french dressing on wedges -- but my favorite salad was the  #20(blue cheese, cherries, almonds; perfectly complementary).
For mains I stuck with sandwiches, pulled pork and later the turkey, both on the large side with the big flavor needed for alcohol offset.

This is only for breakfast.
I went to Madison to visit friends and get to game (a yearly occurence); after the Farmer's Market I came over here to grab a bite and sat at the bar.
My Wisconsin half is out of practice, because while I was instinctively drawn to the amazing all Wisconsin beer list, I couldn't pull the trigger on drinking beer for breakfast.
I had the Wisconsin Benedict, absolutely fantastic.
The menu looked so good I couldn't really decide, so instead I came back the next day and had a great slab of walleye for breakfast.
HEAVEN!
The second day I had the All Wisconsin Bloody Mary.
Generally I'm not BM fan, but this thing, with its local jerky,cheese, and pickled egg garnish was just too amazing looking to pass up.
Yeah, a bit expensive, but I had to try it.
Since I've left Wisconsin I've mostly lived in Boston and San Francisco, so I'm always in a state of shock at how cheap everything is in this state, but the prices were great.
I'd be paying $5-8 more where I live for anything close to this.
Not cheap for Madison or Wisconsin, but damn good.

If I suggest one place to visitors from out of town, it is The Old Fashioned.
This is a uniquely Wisconsin deal with good food and an excellent beer selection.
Their menu selection is fair.
The sandwiches are decent, salads are only ok, cheese curds are good.
The beer selection, however, doesn't disappoint.
They boast around 50 taps.
You can take your pick of some great Wisconsin beers that are hard to come by elsewhere in Madison (O'so, Pearl Street, Steven's Point, etc).
It is busy on Friday and Saturday nights so plan ahead!
Sometimes waits are 1 hour + at these peak times.
This isn't a bad place to stop after getting dinner elsewhere.
Just arrive after 9pm on weekends.

The Old Fashioned is so Wisconsin.
The food is great and so is the beer!
They are known for their cheese curds, so if you love cheese and you love anything fried, try them!
This is the go-to place for when you're visiting Madison, or you have friends in town - great atmosphere (can get loud) and it's right on the Cap Square.
They also offer a rewards card, though I always forget to use mine.
Ha!
One warning, no matter the time or day of the week, expect a lengthy line - people are always waiting to get in.
Regardless of the wait, it's worth it!

Mixed emotions.
The first time we went to The Old Fashioned was on a Saturday morning in the Summer.
We enjoyed a bite at one of the tables on the street.
Nice.
My other experience was on a weekday.
We went to get a beer and talk for a bit.
We sat at the bar and waited for 15 minutes with no one acknowledging us.
And it was not dead nor was it really busy.
What made it worse was that there were at least three bartenders and one of them got drinks for a waitress right in front of us!
I do not think that we will return.

A huge beer selection ( more than 100), and all local.
That alone makes this place fantastic and worth a visit.
Awesome atmosphere.
A great post-work stop off.
Or a perfect place to get drunk with your friends while experimenting with weird Wisconsin brews or delicious flights.
Ok I should probably stop talking about the beer.
The food is great, very Wisconsin (read: terrible for your health but amazing for your appetite).
AND THE CHEESE CURDS ARE AMAZING.
Seriously, best in town.

This place is awesome.
Great pub food and an incredible selection of beers.
I had some spotted cow beers, macaroni and cheese and of course the famous cheese curds.
I think I became lactose intolerant as a result of the meal, but it was worth it.
The food is really high quality.

I visited the Old Fashioned on Election Eve and it had a great atmosphere.
My friend and I chose to grab seats at the bar for dinner and we engaged in great conversations with locals.
We started off with beer fried cheese curds which which sinful.
We then took advantage of the buy one get one free cheeseburger deal for Mondays.
Everything was delicious, fast, and local meat!!
Would definitely recommend!

BEER, BEER, and more beer.....
This place is top notch - the beer selection alone should allow for the five star rating but then you couple the food choices on top of it and PRESTO!!!
Right on the Capital Square, this beautiful little restaurant has options for everyone including some excellent vegetarian choices!!
Charming, cozy, atmosphere - two huge bars - you may have to wait a few minutes to get a seat but it's well worth it.
Stay classy my friends!

Fantastic service with a complete menu of delicious food!
The beer selection is very large and the server was very helpful to find us all beers that we would enjoy.
The beer battered cheese curds were the best I have had... ever!
Great atmosphere- would definitely return!

Our favorite restaurant in Madison!
Love the cheese curds especially!
A great spot for excellent food at an incredible value.
And LOTS of beer choices.
A Wisconsinite's dream!

If you live near or in Madison, there is no way you have not heard of The Old Fashioned before.
It's one of the most popular hangout and food places in the area and it's always on my list of restaurants to bring friends that visit from out of town to.
I love their specials and my favorite is the Monday special -- buy one burger, get one free.
You could always share the second burger with a friend.
Or if you're like me, you'd eat both of them and feel super stuffed.
My go-to items at The Old Fashioned are the Old Fashioned burger and the double bratwurst sandwich.
The fried cheese curds here are to die for and if you go here, you cannot leave without having tried this Wisconsin delicacy.
The dipping sauces add to its greatness.
Finally, be aware that reservations are not taken and that weekends require super long waits.
It'll be worth it though if you have the time to spare.

This place gets 5 stars just for the cheese curds.
I've eaten many a cheese curd in my life - these were the best.
My bourbon old fashioned was tasty.
The burger was awesome.
The bacon on the burger was even more awesome.

Cheese curd heaven!
Great service too.
Visited yesterday for lunch and George was our server.
This was my first time in Wisconsin and this place will be what I will miss the most!

People love this place, but every time I am dragged there I continue to wonder why.
Bar service is lukewarm.
Table service is lukewarm.
The atmosphere is honestly nothing special.
The Wisconsin beer list is fine but they always seem to be out of something on the list.
And the food is simply not that good.
I haven't had the cheese curds, but their sandwiches skimp on the meat and the bread isn't all that enjoyable.
Three stars for location and the Wisconsin character; they just don't pull it off that well.

Food is average.
Ambience is EXCELLENT!
Old Fashions and Brandy Slushes are delicious.
Taco Tuesday is a great deal.
Lines are long, too long.

Was there today and the staff made it a pretty miserable experience.
First of all, the food is overpriced and just okay.
Ten dollars for a turkey sandwich and some leaves that didn't do much for me.
But the service was atrocious.
The waiter couldn't have been less interested in his job.
I drank two Arnold Palmers and asked for a third; the third time, he seemed like I'd asked him for a kidney, and said "we don't refill those.
"  So I could have had 10 diet cokes (or 10 iced teas for that matter) but not another Arnold Palmer?
Second, I had a fifth member of the party join us late.
The waiter advised us to take a chair from a different table.
An old friend sits down and we're getting caught up when the manager comes and makes a huge fuss over it.
If I'm conscientious and ask for permission for something like that, I'm expecting not to get admonished for it ten minutes later.
As we were nearly done with our meal anyway, the manager should have let it go.
Waiter capped it off by twice forgetting a "to go" box, forcing another member of my party to simply give up on bringing their food home.

The cheese curds are one of the best you'll find in the entire state.
Burger with fried is egg is messy but PHENOMENAL!
Fries are also excellent.
Would get 5 stars instead of 4 except service can be iffy at times and if you get a table near the door (in winter) it is cold and drafty.
Be prepared to wait if you go during lunch or dinner.

Love their bar.
The best cheese curds I had in Madison.
(I'm from SF, and I tried... blush... three different places while I was there.
)  Freaking great Spicy Burger.
Love this place, good eats!

Solid food.
Best beer selection in town.
Awesome cheese curds.

My husband, daughter (16 months) and I dined here last week.
Walking in the greeter was a bit icy and the waitress was too but everything went up from there.
I loved that they offered salmon and broccoli on the kids menu.
Hallelujah!
I don't have to feed my kid a hot dog and fries.
Thank you and she loved it.
Ate almost the whole thing and 1/4 of my hamburger.
(Yeah, she eats the good stuff and I eat the junk food.
)   My husband and I ordered a cheese plate for an appetizer.
It was really tasty but a bit pricey ($12) for what we got and for the prices of everything overall.
I ordered the Wisconsin burger and tossed green salad.
The salad was good and burger, perfect.
My husband ordered the Old Fashioned House burger with cheese curds.
The curds were as good as everyone says.
Yummo!
The atmosphere was great and luckily we got there early and got in right away--it filled up pretty fast.
It is a great place with some basic plates done very well.

The alcohol selection is HUGE and awesome.
Something for everyone!
(And we appreciated that it was mostly local/WI breweries).
The beer battered cheese curds are amazing *drools*  I had a prime rib sandwich and my man had the pulled pork, which we enjoyed.
I wouldn't say it's a great restaurant like if you're looking for somewhere to sit down at a table and revel in the food, but hey, it's tasty, mmhm!
Great fries, monumental portions of onion strings, and the staff was knowledgeable and attentive.
Not the cheapest place but for the experience, I was damn pleased.

Can't beat this place for breakfast - they have several types of amazing bloody Mary's; excellent cheese curds; yummy mini doughnuts and really good wall eye and eggs!
Service is excellent - so accommodating.
We walked by late night and it was packed so must be good in the evening as well.

Great Wisco bar.
Tons of Wisco beers on tap of all flavors; excellent food (try the three cheese spread platter of one of the awesome lazy susans with cheeses, meats and relishes/pickles); and freindly and good servers/bartenders.

This place is always busy, but it is worth the wait.
They have a great atmosphere and good service.
Breakfast on Sundays is always fun.

The place is just fair.
I get it you are trying to emulate an old time Wisconsin Supper Club but you don't succeed.
The food is fair, the prices are reasonable, but personally I would rather go to an actual supper club.
Service is fair, cheese curds aren't all that and if you want a real Wisconsin Supper Club fish fry go somewhere "exotic" meaning the middle of some small town hole in Wisconsin where it is actually authentic.
Also, if you are going to do the Wisconsin Supper Club the least you can do is have an exceptional fish fry and this isn't it.

I absolutely love this place!
Not only do they have a HUGE selection of brews, but have amazing food.
Sometimes the wait time can be a bit long but it is well worth the wait.

At first, I really didn't understand all the hype over this place.
Do they have posh old fashioneds in every variety?
Yes.
Is their food just so-so?
Also yes.
Then I went to brunch, and boy did they redeem themselves.
The salad with Door County cherries was pretty baller but the beer cheese soup tasted funny; I was pretty sure I would like it, but it had a bitter taste to it.
Also, the cheese curds tasted pretty standard; yes, they were good, but no better than State St Brats or Great Dane.
And then we went to brunch.
The highlight of brunch was the seasonal jams they offer with almost every breakfast entree.
I got the mushroom and chevre omelet, potatoes, toast, and ground cherry jam.
I could probably have eaten an entire meal simply with the toast and selection of different jams; they were that delicious.
Overall, it's worth checking out if simply to check it off your list as "the place to go" in Madison.
But don't be surprised if your dinner is traditional Wisconsin fare that you've had at other restaurants around the capitol.

I'll keep this one short because this Madison land mark can only be summed up in a few words.
Wisconsin Beer (ALL OF THEM), OLD FASHIONS (implied), Cheese Curds (in the heart of WI..this is a must) and classic Friday Fish Fry (as a Northern Wisconsin native I have never felt more at home while staring at the capitol from my dining table).
DO IT.
NOW.

Great food (burgers).
Nice atmosphere and just steps from the Capitol.

Stellar local beer list, with flights a plenty!
There are two pages of beers with a bizarre rule that flights can only be ordered from one page or the other.
Not to worry, just order a flight from each.
Served on WI shaped wood trays, they add a nice amount of kitsch.
Being in the cheesehead state, we had to go big or go home on the dairy, so we started with the Glacial plate, a tasty trio paired with a cherry jam, walnuts and crackers.
The pickled egg was super spicy and super rubbery.
Do not attempt.
Next up was the prime rib sandwich, which we mistakenly thought was going to be an actual piece of prime rib versus the mish mash of leftover, loose meat pieces of last night's roast.
Housemade cheese curds exploded into a slightly soggy mess, but fried cheese is fried cheese, and pretty good regardless.
Then, the Norwegian salmon salad, which smelled too fishy for my taste.
Served with an overcooked, rubbery, deviled egg and a tarragon vinaigrette, it left more to be desired.
Going back to another flight for dessert, we rolled out of Madison with full bellies.
The Old Fashioned is a place for cheese and beer, but dinner can be had elsewhere.

I came to visit the Old Fashion with a group of people I met from EPIC training.
Staff and service is very good.
I ordered the Trout and OMG!!!!
it was amazingly delicious!!!
The drinks are reasonably priced as well.
I really enjoyed my dinner.

Homey brew pub right across from the Capitol!
Right in the square, what a nice place to get feel the WI L.O.V.E.
They've got a good variety of local and belgiums on tap and lots of bottles of the same.
I mean, it's WI after all.
And, it's a college town.
Oh, and they've got some creative Old Fashioned's!
Dark woods, a long bar, and friendly smiles great ya once you walk in.
The menu's simple - sandwiches, burgers, and salads.
It's all pretty fresh and healthier sides and options are offered.
But, healthy, shmealthy, you have to try the fried cheese curds and paprika potato chips!
Metered 2 hour parking is a bit limited but be sure to find it vs. the 25 min.
parking!
You will quickly get towed if you're not careful.
Prices aren't bad for the drinks but would say that it's a bit high for the food.
The portions are big though so they make up for it that way.
After your done, walk across the street to the Capitol building for a self-tour!

Love it!
Whenever we have visitors from out of town, we take them here.
Love the beer cheese soup and the cheese curds!
Also their burgers are delicious.
If someone is looking for a good "Wisconsin" eating experience, The Old Fashioned does not disappoint...

I like going there for drinks bc of good selection and I love their cheese curds.
That's about it for me there

My Fiance and I tried The Old Fashioned about two months ago.
We ordered the Wisconsin's Best Wurst platter, but I can't tell you how it was because we never got it, I'm pretty positive our server forgot because it didn't show up on our bill.
For dinner,  I had the Prime Rib Saturday night special, which was pretty bland, and my fiance had a sandwich which he said wasn't anything out of the ordinary.
The drinks were strong which is the only reason The Old Fashioned got two stars instead of one in my book, probably won't be going back for food, but maybe drinks.

I used to think that there was no where out there that could possibly match or surpass how awesome Michigan beer is.
I like to think that it has everything to do with fresh water and the Great Lakes.
The Old Fashioned makes me reevaluate my choice.
Great selection of taps, killer happy hour (bogo), and piles of cheese and sausage inspired foods followed by nectar like rye whiskey drinks.
Take me drunk I'm home!
I need one of these places in my neighborhood.
I tip my hat to you Madison.
Yet another amazing watering hole filled with new and previously undiscovered delights.
Count me in for happy hour next time Glassroots Tradeshow is in town.

AMAZING!
I'm in Madison for just a few days and this place was highly recommended for everything and it didn't disappoint.
Being a SF native currently living in NYC, I was shocked at how affordable everything is!
Definitely get your $'s worth here.
We started with 4 snits.
The number of craft beers on tap is a bit overwhelming but the snits (flights of 3 oz samples) is pretty perfect for being able to try lots of things.
The chocolate stout was great as were some of the red ales and lagers.
Snits come in orders of 4,8,12 and they are only $1 for each.
We then shared a plate of cheese curds...seriously the best thing ever and by far the best curds I've ever had.
The Tiger Blue dipping sauce will change.your.life.
If you do one thing in Madison, go to Old Fashioned and eat cheese curds.
I had the spicy burger and it was divine!
Among the top 5 burgers I've ever had in my life.
There's pepper jack cheese and jalapenos on the burger but it's not overly adorned.
The meat is grass-fed and juicy...cooked perfectly.
I had a bite of a friend's apple pie to end the meal and will definitely eat here again before we leave (we have 3 more days here).
One thing I was impressed by is how much of a loco-vore town Madison is.
It doesn't come off as pretentious either but it's just a matter of fact that the restaurants here take their food seriously and everything from the eggs to the beef to the cheese are local/organic/free range/grass-fed.
The quality makes a huge difference (Old Fashioned even makes their own ice cream!).
5 Stars!!!

Ok - so I have lived in Madison a year and the Old Fashioned has been on my list of places to try.
Then it happens twice in one weekend!
Thank goodness they live up to their name.
Any kind of old fashioned drink done anyway with any kind of booze.
They also have Brandy slush.
This drink is amazing.
My only complaint?
The large is only the size of a pint and $7.50.
Really?
There are other nearly all booze drinks for 2-3 dollars less.
They are famous for their mac and cheese, sadly I did not order it.
I was at a Bachelorette party and felt grease was better to start my night.
I ordered their Wisconsin Burger.
Yes.
It was awesome.
What do they put in it?
It was cooked well but still juicy and flavorful.
The burger is large.
I like the option that you can have fries or a green salad without any additional charge.
One of my dinnermates ordered the mac and cheese.
I was constantly starting at it.
I had no self control.
I was being an eye voyeur on everyone else's plate.
Ok - I intend to go back.
I am trying to find an excuse...give me a reason Yelp!
The prices and the wait are the only thing holding you back from 5 stars.
Add reservations please!
I was in a party of 11 and we still had to wait.

If you're visiting Wisconsin for the first time, look no further for your education on Wisconsin culture.
I brought my friend here who was visiting from the PNW, and she got a burger with a fried egg on it and some deep-friend cheese curds.
Obviously, she understood Wisconsinites immediately.
Besides this, it's a good place for happy hour, dinner with family, or late night snacks.

In my opinion, the Old Fashioned is one of the most overrated places in town.
Always busy, forget going out with a group on a weekend night unless you want to wait an hour and a half.
Yes, the curds are good, but I've had better (try the Rigby).
The best thing is the sauces that come with the curds (you have your choice of 4, all of which are pretty good).
You can also get the sauces with the shoestring onions, which I probably prefer to the curds.
The lazy susans are fun and different, and in my opinion the most exciting thing that this place has to offer.
I may be biased because I am not a meat eater, and therefore the Old Fashioned menu does not have much to offer, but I've talked to many other friends who agree that its reputation is overblown for what it is.
If you want to have a casual lunch at a Wisco style pub for lunch during the week, the OF has decent salads and sandwiches.
But with so many far better restaurants, gastropubs and bars in Madison, I can't imagine why you'd choose waiting in a cramped space at the OF just for the sake of the curds.
Does not compute.

While I am not obsessed with this place like some people are, I do really like it.
The menu is not huge, so it is a bit hard for a picky eater (and not so much meat lover) like me to find something to eat sometimes.
That being said, everything I have had there has been very good.
The things that I do really love there: The drinks, and the cheese curds.
Definitely top notch.
Also worth noting:  the place is so popular that really whatever time you go to eat it will be crowded, and it will be a bit noisy.

The Old Fashioned a t le lieu de notre premier repas au US.
La barre a tout de suite t place trs haut pour les hamburgers.
Le restaurant est frquent par un clientle d'habitue, des tudiants ( Madison c'est le moisns) et autres.
C'est grand et plutt chaleureux.
Le service est gentil et prvenant.
Et les hamburgers sont trs bons ainsi que les cheese curds  (cheddar frit) et le choix de bires parfait.
Bien sr tout est trs copieux !
Execellente adresse

I've been here countless of times, and this is the first time I'm actually writing a review.
The thing is, all my other times have been for drinks, and not their actual food.
Today was my first time actually eating at The Old Fashioned.
If I were to purely judge this place on their alcohol, they'd get a 5/5 automatically.
If you throw in their food, I might have to start petitioning Yelp to add more stars on.
First things first.
Their most famous drink, The Old Fashioned, is absolutely delicious.
The fact that it comes in different varieties only makes it better.
But don't worry, because if mixed drinks aren't your thing, they also have a wide selection of beer.
Now, time to move on to their food.
We started off with their Lazy Susan appetizer to share, which consisted of garlic salami, smoked trout, creamed herring, Dijon mustard, dill pickles, deviled egg, liverwurst (pork liver sausage), Brick spread, Sharp Cheddar spread and crackers & rye bread.
If that seems like a lot of food, it's because it is.
Their cheddar spread and crackers were basically those lunch packs you used to get as a little kid, where you dip ritz crackers into the cheddar cheese sauce.
Is this a good thing?
Absolutely!
Who didn't like lunchables?!
The garlic salami wasn't bad, but it didn't really stand out either.
The smoked trout was flavored perfectly, without needing much sauce for additional taste.
The creamed herring, on the other hand, was doused in delicious sauce that really brought out the fish's taste (just beware, it's really, really fishy though).
The dill pickles were great, combining sweet with crunchy.
The deviled eggs also delivered, providing the perfect egg to mayonnaise ratio.
Oh and finally their liverwurst, which was my favorite part of the appetizer, was sooo good.
Just be careful though, because liver is usually a hit or miss.
I loved it, while my friends didn't nearly enjoy it as much as I did.
Now onto the entree.
I ordered their spicy burger, which was probably the best burger I've had in Madison thus far.
I got a side of green salad instead of their fries, and I think I made the right decision.
The salad was actually quite tasty, as opposed to every other salad side-dish out there, which usually is completely devoid of taste.
The sweet vinaigrette really made the salad shine.
The burger itself was massive, topped with smoked bacon, pepperjack cheese, fried onions and jalapeno.
The jalapeno is quite strong and might be overwhelming for some people, so I suggest taking it off if you can't handle the heat.
Everything else about the burger, however, was made to perfection.
I got mine medium rare, and this might have been the first time it actually came out the way I wanted.
The patty was extremely juicy and tender, with the pepperjack cheese and onions adding some extra layer of flavor.
Not to mention the bacon, which was smoked and fried just enough to provide the burger with enough of a different taste.
Ok well, I just noticed how long my review was becoming, so I'll stop here.
Long story short, 5/5 for The Old Fashioned!

Get there early!
But if you don't have reservations the wait is absolutely worth it.
My gf and I stopped by with no reservations for dinner at around 5:15pm and the place was PACKED.
We waited for about 20 minutes and were seated.
The staff were very friendly and patient with us.
We got beer and hamburgers.
THEY WERE SO GOOD.
I love eggs on my burgers and they nailed it.
DELICIOUS DELICIOUS.
Definitely will be going back.

Taco Tuesday isn't a Mexican adventure of delicious sorts but its 1.50/taco so there's that.

Before you start throwing an assortment of stones and tomatoes at me, the cheese curds deserve 5 stars- hands down.
They are amazing - there's no denying.
Grease never tasted so good and well, anything with a good cheese involved typically wins my heart over.
It was a Friday night and this place was hopping.
Eating can often serve as the entertainment of the evening for my friends and I, so The Old Fashioned was stop number two of three for our evening of grazing.
"Nothing in moderation" is our group motto.
Our game plan was drinks and rounds upon rounds of their infamous curds and dips like garlic and ranch.
We weren't planning on hanging around too, too long because we'd heard the food beyond the curds was meh, meh.
As soon as we took our order of curds and booze, the waitress seemed ticked - like, that's it?
I've been to Europe, I get the cupierto, fret not, you're going to get a fair and hefty tip - especially if you don't seem pissed at our simple order.
In the end, the oozing and flavorful curds outweighed our a-okay service.
This is probably more of a 3.5.

As a New York transplant in Utah, I was suffering through a dry spell of good beer, a drought so perpetual I was beginning to accept it was no longer a drought but just the climate.
So you can imagine my giddy anticipation to visit Madison, WI where finally, I could quench my thirst.
Turns out, I had to visit only one bar: The Old Fashioned.
With 52 local beers on tap and 98 bottles available, this haven for beer lovers felt like home as soon as we walked in, so much so that we returned the following night.
And as if their beer selection weren't enough, they also had Curtis, the most knowledgeable and skilled bartender ever.
Flipping glasses with one hand and spearing cherries with the other, he had the expertise--and coordination--to explain the history, taste and ingredients of their best beers.
He even let us sample a Sasquatch Stout mixed with ice cream!
After we ordered a flight of eight beers and a few nitro stouts, he then made the most delicious recommendation (Peruvian Morning Stout)--it's as if Curtis knows us better than we know ourselves.
So thank you for the beergasm, Old Fashioned.
I'll be thinking of you many a cold, lonely night back in Utah.

Not a ton of vegetarian options.
All the food is very heavy.
I ordered an omelet for breakfast one morning and their was so much boursin that it made me sick :(

Meh.
I don't understand the draw.
Yeah, they have good cheese curds.
But they also have lots of greasy, uninspired food.
And it is ALWAYS incredibly busy.
I don't particularly like waiting in line for over an hour to have an ok burger.
There are too many other great place on the square.
Go to Coopers Tavern or Graze.

Just had the cheese curds.
Living in Wisconsin, I have tried several but these would have to rate at the top.
Light & fluffy goodness with awesome spicy dipping sauce.
YUM!

This place has the most underrated burger in Madison (the one that comes with Bacon and a fried egg).
Just try it and thank me.
You're welcome.

The cheese curds were incredibly flavorful but were way too greasy (and I don't mind some grease).

brunch only until 1PM on sunday and noon on Saturday?
is it just my spoiled Chicago self, or does that seem a little early to stop serving brunch?

We stopped in here for a late lunch after touring the Capitol.
They had a 51 beers on tap (!!
) and close to 100 in bottles.
We tried a local beer and ordered some grub.
The food (salad for me), was fine but nothing special.
The location of the restaurant and all the beers on tap (along with the ambience) definitely makes up for the food.

I ordered the spicy burger, fried cheese curds and a beer for lunch at the bar.
Everything tasted great, I enjoyed the large beer selection.
Seems like pretty good pub menu for location.

I really wanted to like this place more than I did.
I love that is it like a classic WI supper club- complete with pickled eggs and pork hocks.
We sat at the bar, and although the service was friendly, I felt it was really slow- it took a very long time for them to initially acknowledge us or for us to receive our food or be checked on, but at least they nice!
They do beer flights for $1/beer sample in increments of 4, 8, or 12- what a good deal!
And you can choose any of their over 40 beers on tap.
Of course we ordered the cheese curds, which were greasy and delicious.
Otherwise I was kind of disappointed in the food.
I ordered the Wurst platter, two of my sausages were under cooked, and they all were just overall bland.
My boyfriend ordered the chili cheese dog- the hot dog was very good, but the chili was the worst chili I have ever had- literally no seasoning at all (and I have very low chili standards) There was also barely any cheese on it at all.
I think that maybe they were just having an off day, or we just ordered the wrong items of the menu, but based off their food alone I would not come back.
A great place to try some WI beers and cheese curds, but maybe go elsewhere to eat.

We kept it simple... a cheese plate & the Wurst Plate.
All of it was outstanding, great cheeses & the various meats went well with the cheese.
The service here is surprising good considering how jammed packed it was during a Sunday Brunch.
Our drink glasses never came close to being empty and when we did need something, the wait staff was on top of it.
If you happen to get a window seat, it's actually a nice view of the Capitol Square!

There is just soooo much here....the menu is vast, the beer and liquor is vaster.
But since I've been coming here on the regular for the last six years, the singular item I have come to appreciate is the $1.50 beef jerky.
This has got to be the most under appreciated item on any menu in any Madison restaurant.
The saltiness revives your palette for the next craft beer.
The protein sates you.
The leathery texture builds jaw strength.
So while I could ramble on about the curds, the burgers, the fish-fry, the whiskey, the lazy susans - I am just going to leave you with two words:  bar meat.

I only stopped by for bloody marys and mini donuts, but oh boy.
It was the best damn bloody mary that has ever graced my lips.
You can choose the vodka, and no I don't mean Smirnoff or SKYY.
The Old Fashioned hosts about eight different varieties of vodkas infused with different peppers and flavors.
A few that I remember are Serrano Pepper, Poblano Pepper, Dill, and Garlic.
My bloody was garnished with a pickled egg, cheese curds, a giant piece of beef jerky, and a pickle.
We enjoyed them with mini donuts, and It was an outstanding mini brunch.
I'd like to return to try more of the brunch items or even dinner.
It was a very convenient location after shopping at the Farmer's Market all morning.

Went here a while back while visiting my girlfriend, loved it, then came here again a different time.
It seems like this place is always busy, but if you don't mind waiting a half hour or so, then you can partake in the awesomeness that is The Old Fashioned.
The first time, during our wait we referenced a menu online and planned out what we were going to get, so that we could order immediately.
Once we were seated we started off with some delicious cheese curds as an appetizer.
After that, I had the old fashioned burger, which was awesome (except for the cold egg on top, but I'm pretty easy to satisfy).
My girlfriend had a chicken sandwich with bacon, which she also loved.
If that wasn't enough, both of our plates came with a ridiculous amount of fries (which were even good cold hours later).
The atmosphere is pretty fun.
Very busy, with a bar and sports on the TVs.
It was a little noisy because of how many people there are, but it didn't really bother us at all.
In addition, the staff was very friendly both times, handling the constant flow of customers very well.
Probably my favorite restaurant in Madison.
The Old Fashioned left us craving some of their food at all times on the rest of my visits.
It's odd, over the course of writing this review I've gotten progressively hungrier...I wonder why.

Impressed!
Normally, I will not wait half an hour for a table at a restaurant but based on the recommendation that The Old Fashioned received, I decided to give it a go.
Once we were seated, the service was excellent.
The waiter knew the menu and made good suggestions.
The beverage selection is huge and they have a lot of local items i.e.
local root beer.
The food is where they shined though.
I had a ribeye and my wife had prime rib.
both were exceptional, especially for the price.
My son got a burger made with local ground beef and Wisconsin cheese and he devoured it.
He gave it two thumbs up.
There are definitely pricier places to go but the bang for the buck here is quite high.

Great.
cheesecurds, burgers, mac and cheese, and other pub favs are very good.
If only getting a seat didn't take soooooo long.

The Old Fashioned is one of those places I always forget about and then think "man, I need to come here more often" every time I go back.
I can't recall having been disappointed in anything I have eaten here.
The brunch specials are top notch.
Now, that being said, there are two things people need to do when they come here.
Eat the cheese curds.
Get an old fashioned (Brandy, Sweet..always)   Everyone else has already said, so just do it.
I don't think you will regret it, and more than likely you will thank all of us for the awful stomach ache you have from eating way too many curds and drinking that 3rd old fashioned you probably didn't need.

Ok. Super good Wisconsin fair here.
150 local brews and great local food.
Try the Gorgonzola salad with grilled salmon, the grilled cheese sandwich with bacon, or why grass feed beer burger.
Best here.
Add some Wisconsin fried cheese curds and we're in business!p

Get the fish fry every time, whether it's Friday or on the sandwich any other day.
It's simply the best there is!

The hype about the cheese curds is true.
They are that good.
The place would get a 5-star from me on them alone if not for all of the other great meals they served up.
They're all about being Wisconsin, and I can't imagine anyone else doing it better.
Get there early, but get there somehow.
This place is a real treat.
Also, if you don't get to Wisconsin often, make certain that you get a flight of Wisconsin beers.
Your server will select them for you if you give a little direction.
Oh, and don't forget the fried pickle spears--crispy on the outside, pickley good on the inside.

So we have been here for dinner a couple times and the food is great.
We went for lunch yesterday and how they have it set up is horrible.
They took us to our table and we waited and waited for our server who then came up and rudely told us to order at the counter like I says in the menu.
Well hello to you too.
Soooooo we waited again st the bar to have our order taken and you pay then and tip if using your credit card.
I tipped 20 percent....now I have no idea who earned that one since we did not see our server again till the end of our meal when our drinks had not been refilled and we had to randomly stop and ask someone for to go boxes.
This weekly lunch set up provides the worst service ever.
They do have a great beer selection and their fish and tuna sandwiches are great.
Please just provide regular lunch service like every normal restaurant.

It's funny how things happen.
We were just in Madison for the afternoon and evening on our way up to our family camping experience in Northern Wisconsin, so we wanted to find some fun things to do in a short amount of time.
During a stop to another great local business - the Chocolaterian Cafe - I picked up a magazine which featured a story on the owner of The Old Fashioned and it hit a nerve.
Being the (somewhat) savvy Yelper, I did check the reviews first, and it did live up to expectations.
Located in the heart of the Capitol Square, we found the restaurant easily and I was  impressed instantly with the service.
My daughter put our names in and she was treated with respect by the host.
Nice touch.
After a reasonable wait, we arrived at our table and made our selections.
For the beer fan in your group, there is a sizable selection of local options from all over the great state of Wisconsin.
I went with the Fatty Boombalatty from the folks at Furthermore - that's could be the subject of a separate review, of course.
Cheese curds.
Yep.
Homemade - fresh - beer battered and so delicious they just couldn't be good for you.
A treat like no other.
They are the benchmark to which all other appetizers should be measured.
I think if you put an order of mozzarella sticks next to these little nuggets of goodness, they would first become sentient beings...and then begin to cry knowing that they would never measure up as a side dish.
As for my main dish, I ordered the vegetarian option:  the grilled eggplant with portabella mushroom, roasted red peppers & zucchini and my new favorite - goat cheese.
It was like nothing I've ever tasted before.
Just the right balance of complimentary tastes.
Humbling, knowing that to try to replicate it would be a challenge.
Many happy returns, Old Fashioned.
Another example of a local business providing excellent food and equally outstanding service.

I'm totally new to the city- an interloper from the South, I guess you could say.
A friend suggested having lunch at the Old Fashioned to try their cheese curds.
The interior of the restaurant is cozy but modern.
Luckily there was no wait for lunch around 1 PM on a Wednesday and I was in a pretty large group.
I ordered the grilled cheese with a side of cheese curds.
I thought, "I'm in Wisconsin.
If I'm going to order something cheesy I might as well go all of the way!
" The grilled cheese sandwich was fantastic- filled up with cheese which was accented by some grilled red peppers.
The cheese curds were phenomenal.
It was my first foray into cheese curds so I guess it's only downhill from here.
Oh well, at least I got to try the best in Madison.
The menu prices are very reasonable for the quality of food served here.

Cheese curds!
Beer!
(And some very cheap beer that changes every month!
)  What more could you ask for?
Great burgers?
Okay, they have that too.
Really affordable food if you stick to the burgers and various sandwiches on the menu or visit on days they have specials like fish fry night and two-for-one burgers.
HOWEVER, the tacos they serve on Tuesdays are NOT tacos.
They just put whatever protein you choose on a tortilla and take it to your table.
I lived in Austin, TX for two years and the tacos at The Old Fashioned just made me sad.
Sorry, WI, but you don't know tacos!
Stick to what you know :)

the best waffle!

Wow!
How can I give it 5 stars without having tried any of the food?
The drinks were THAT good.
First of all, they have a selection of over 150 beers, all brewed in Wisconsin, with 52 of them on tap.
There is a rotating selection of on tap varieties with only 6 or so being house staples.
The bartender was quite knowledgeable about all the beers and she also took pride in the fact that the restaurant helped establish several start-up breweries in Wisconsin and put their names on the map.
Their namesake drink, the old fashioned, also does not disappoint!
I tried the applejack old fashioned which tasted either like a grown-up kiddie cocktail or a brandy version of sangria.
It is the "muddling" that makes them so good, which is basically mashing sugar, bitters, cherries, and oranges in the bottom of the glass.
If you drink out of the straw, the entire drink gets filtered through this muddled goodness.
You can also design your own old fashioned with your choice of: 1) Liquor (brandy, whiskey, bourbon, gin) 2) Type of bitters 3) Topper (soda, sprite, water, ginger beer) 4) Type of garnish (cherry & orange, brussel sprouts, olives)  Can't wait to come back and try the beer-battered cheese curds.
Also saw something about a fried hot dog with mole sauce.....

Great place right on the Capitol Square.
Very good food and good beer selection.
Pretty good prices as well.
Expect to pay anywhere from $8-$10 for a sandwich/burger with side.
Didn't end up having the fried cheese curds like other people recommend but they did look delicious!
Only gripes for this place are that you can expect to wait a while for a table and they do not take reservations.
Second, when it gets busy the service can be slightly spotty and it seemed to take a while to get our food.
It's such a great place though that's probably why it's so busy!

I was in town on business and flying solo.
The place was full but I got a seat at the bar right away.
Bartender was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable, and even willingly explained his busted up nose and forehead (I know that's random, but it's true).
This was also my introduction to Wisconsin beer.
The Old Fashioned has 50+ WI beers on tap, and many more in bottles.
The bartender poured me samples without me even asking, and nearly all of it was very good.
I went light foodwise - beet salad with salmon - but it was quite good.
Also the location is great - right on the square of Madison's beautiful (and lately famous) statehouse.
Next time I'm in town, I'll definitely go back.

Just go!
Everything was outstanding.
The Sunday night chicken special was unbelievable.
Yes order the cheese curds!
Of course order a local beer!
I cant say enough good things about this place, its staff and atmosphere.

I was in town on business and, being my first trip to Madison (and to Wisconsin) I was on a mission to eat like the locals during my one night there: beer and cheese curds for me!
The cheese curds here were awesome-- definitely the best I have had.
They are available with several different dipping sauces.
I chose the smoke paprika aioli and it was delicious.
Coming from Chicago, I was so shocked at the prices here-- a craft beer, cheese curd appetizer, and a very large salad came out to be less than $20... they have a HUGE beer selection and most were priced at $3-$5.
Sign me up!
Service here is friendly, the atmosphere is fun, and a great location downtown with a view of the capitol building.
I'll certainly pop in on my next visit to Madison!

Out of towners from Florida here (but originally from Wi).
Came for dinner, but were also hoping to have an interesting beer.
This place has 52 draft choices, and all crafts from Wi!!
Had a few while waiting for our meal.
I had the No.
30 which is a burger with sauted onions and a fried egg on it.
By far the best burger I've had!
I could have licked the plate!
I am now hoping my son chooses UWM so I can come back here more often!

I'm not a beer connoisseur, but I have loved everything I've tried here.
And the burgers...guys, they are unreal.
I've had dreams (good ones) about the Old Fashioned House Burger.
That fried egg really does it.
Service is great and very Wisconsin-friendly.
Even at 7pm on a Saturday night, when you're told the wait will be an hour to an hour and 15 minutes, you're usually seated within 45 max.
And in the meantime, drinking delicious beer at the bar is definitely not a bad alternative.

I know it was you, Fredo.
You broke my heart.
You broke my heart!
This review is a really tough one to write.
I used love the Old Fashioned.
Hunka hunka burnin' love sort of love  But then you changed and broke my heart (sob).
In the beginning, it was oh so magical.
In the days before 45 minutes wait times, the service was impeccable, the food sublime and ambiance alluring.
You were great at so many things: lunch with a co-worker, dinner with the kids, a late night bite with my better half.
But as you became more popular, things stated to slip.
The servers became less attentive as they dealt with the never ending throng of customers.
Not only did it take longer to be seated, but it was taking longer and longer to get the food I ordered, get refills on drinks or get the check when I needed to rush out to get tot a show.
Then here was that time when my table was plagued by a swarm of flies (think Amityville Horror).
When the server joked about the problems instead of taking care of it, I knew it just wasn't going to work for us anymore.
And about the food...it has slipped as well.
The cheese curds that could have launched a 1,000 ships started coming out greasy more times than not.
Or they wouldn't arrive at the table piping hot.
Ditto for the haystack onion rings.
The allure of the grilled cheese sandwich also faded as the bacon would show up undercooked or they chef would skimp on the roasted red peppers (horror of horrors)   While nearby restaurant like Graze, Nostrano and Osteria Papavero continue to innovate and improve, you seem content to rest on your laurels.
So I hate to say it, but Fredo, you're nothing to me now.
You're not a brother, you're not a friend.
I don't want to know you or what you do.

I read about The Old Fashioned in Madison Originals, I think.
Honestly, the beer selection alone instantly made me want to check this place out.
First time I went, we started out with two orders of cheese curds (group of 5).
There was a choice of ranch, smoked paprika, or garlic dips; we chose smoked paprika and garlic.
The first one had great flavor; but the garlic one oddly tasted more lemony for some reason.
Still good though.
The cheese curds were perfect; easily my favorite I've had anywhere, hands down.I had the No.
29, which was a Spicy Burger topped with pepperjack, fried onions, jalapeno, bacon, and smoked paprika sauce, rare.
I liked that the jalapenos weren't pickled, since that is the most common way I've had them in burgers.
Way spicier and better flavor overall.
Second time I had the No.
30 since my husband kept telling me how good it was.
He was right.
I admit, the idea of a fried egg in a burger has always put off but I don't regret trying it all!
The garlic sauce really tops it off.

The best food of its kind that I have experienced.
I had the chicken-fried steak, which is pretty much perfect.
I have no idea what could be done to improve it.
My wife had the walleye sandwich.
Best walleye either of us have had.
Beats what I have had in the Minneapolis area, which is saying something.
Cheese curds are as good or better than any I've had elsewhere.
Gazillion Wisconsin craft beers available, at prices that blew this Chicago resident's mind away.
Three dollars and fifty cents for a Central Waters Peruvian Morning, a beer that costs at least $8 in Chicago?
Yes, please, thank you.
Service is very friendly and informative.
Yes, potentially long waits, but so it goes.
Outstanding, would go all the time were I a Madison resident.
If you're looking for good old-fashioned Wisconsin/upper Midwest food, this is the spot.

Love: hot turkey sandwich, cheese curds with ranch, tap beer selection  Not a big fan of the wait times, so go at an off-peak time!

My husband and I were passing through from Cleveland.
This place had the greatest beer selection, fantastic service and awesome cheese curd.
I highly recommend this place!

We stopped here for lunch two weeks ago with my in-laws who were visiting from New York.
My father-in-law enjoyed his rueben and our burgers were great.
The place was really crowded for a weekday and loud.
The service was great...the waiter kept our water glasses full which was great because it was a hot day.
My husband enjoyed the wide selection of beer.
The only thing that wasn't good was my cheese curds....they were really greasy.

If 0 was available it would apply here.
I don't like to base my ratings on service at restaurants, but this one is necessary.
First, there was an hour wait to get in, early on a Saturday night.
The wait is no biggie to me but I've dined at downtown Madison restaurants 10x better and sat when I entered.
Enough said there.
Our service here was beyond hideous.
Our party was 7 people, two families ranging from 5yrs old to 65yrs old.
When our waitress finally came to our table after sitting for 15 minutes, she proceeded to take two drink orders before trying to walk away.
Each person in turn had to say 'excuse me, I'd like a drink too' as she attempted to walk away.
By the time she got to me she had turned to walk away before I asked to order a drink myself.
When I asked for my drink she snottily replied "what" in the rudest possible way, as if I had insulted and bothered her by asking for a drink.
Those drinks, by the way, took another 15 minutes to receive, and were served by someone else.
Service taking our food orders sucked as well.
Our waitress didn't ask what side anyone wanted and just assumed and wrote down what she wanted.
On to the food..which was badly overrated.
I ordered a common sandwich which I tend to order everywhere I go.
It was bland and the fries on the side weren't worthy for one of the pigeons on the sidewalk.
Do yourself a favor and try any one of the other fine restaurants in the downtown Madison area, but stay clear of this DUMP.

Nom nom nom!
I love the lazy suzans and the burgers here.
The walleye sandwich was also good, but oh, my, the lazy suzans are fun!
We also like the vodka variety.
Be prepared, though, this place always seems to be packed, and for good reason.

Mmm.
Where else can you get fried cheese curds, cheese beer soup, a spotted cow (beer) and a bratwurst sandwich all at once?
Here!
And that's what I got.
Food was amazing.
Just a warning if you get the cheese curds, they are so rich and filling you may not even feel like eating your entree.
We came for a "brunch" around 11:30am, and I wasn't hungry again until 10pm.
I'd come back in a heartbeat if I am ever here again.

It really pains me to downgrade them to three stars, but this morning's experience was so awful that I think it's mandatory.
We went there for breakfast around 9:30 and sat at the bar.
P. Jones, whoever that is, was the incompetent bartender taking orders.
It took him 15 minutes to take our order.
Yeah...15 minutes.
Then, we didn't get our actual food until 10:15--after waiting over half an hour!
Normally, 30 minutes' wait for food would be tolerable, but it was cold...which means it was sitting out.
Sigh.
So, either the fault goes to the expediters or our bartender, but it's totally unacceptable service.
My favorite bar in Madison delivering a sub-par experience?
That's just wrong.
3 stars.

Outstanding customer service from every staff person that even walked past me while picking up my take-out order.
The veggie sandwich (with cheddar instead of goat cheese) was very good but quite greasy.
The haystack onion strings were delicious.
The cheese curds are very overrated in my opinion.
They were greasy and a flatten, squished-together mess.
I felt like I could get a better order of cheese curds at a hundred other Wisconsin restaurants.
Even Culver's (regional fast food chain) has better curds.

Be still my midwestern traveling heart!
Cheese plate #1 with white cheddar, truffle sheep and Gouda.
#idie Build your own Old Fashion -- had this not been a lunch stop, I would stayed the night!
Great service, cool spot.

Cheese curds are super greasy and delicious and there's a great beer selection but when I went they double charged my credit card so make sure you check your statement.
Our server was pretty awful too.
Otherwise I would give them four or five stars.

It gets one star because the waitress was sweet.
We start with cheese curds!
We went there because everyone said they're sooo good!!
WRONG!!!
I am a lover of deep fried cheese curds and have indulged in them at many establishments.
Never before have I experienced anything like this!!
They came delivered to the table in a pool of grease!
It was ridiculous so I asked the waitress she could send them back to have them cooked a little better she said they would give us a fresh batch.
So she comes back shortly after with a new batch; however, they were just as greasy!
I used my napkin to blot the grease off of 3 and my napkin was full.
(ps- I had a total of 10 and was sick the rest of the afternoon)  The wurst platter came served lukewarm?!
I thought that kind of meat supposed to be served warm or hot!!!!
We also ordered two drinks the Mamosa was made with what appeared to be high pulp orange juice!!!
It was gloppy and awful!!
The Cosmopolitan was the worst Cosmo I've ever had in my life.
It tasted nothing like what it was supposed to.
At the end the manager was kind enough to comp the curds from the bill.
The place wasn't busy, we sat down at 11am, plenty of open tables and an empty bar.
I'm not sure how the four things we ordered all came out so awful, but it was truly a bad experience!

Must stop when in Madison.
Awesome local beer selection and of course the best Old Fashions Iv ever had.
The thing to order is the Old Fashioned Burger with one if their many drink selections.

The food was delicious!
The cheese curds lived up to their reputation- oh my so good!
My husband had taken a coworker from the west coast here for supper.
His coworker had never had a cheese curd.
He took one bite and was hooked, he wondered where they had been all of his life :) My kids thought the house made root beer and macaroni and cheese "had a different taste.
" The server was happy to bring a replacement.
They also have a good beer selection and are known for their old fashioned cocktails.

Best burger, cheese curds and pint!
Try the #30 burger (Old Fashioned Burger with crispy thick bacon, grilled onions, cheese, and a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg that gives up the ghost as you press the top bun down onto the burger-yum!).
The onion strings are also delicious.
Their French fries are crisp yet soft inside, much like a McDonalds fry.
Situated across the street from the Capitol, busy and bustling, yet welcoming and friendly.
Give it a try!
For non-burger wishes, try their grilled chicken sandwich or pulled pork.
I also noticed vegetarian options on the menu that looked appealing.
New favorite!

Get the brat plate.
And the cheese curds.
Its crowded!
Leave plenty of time for a standing room only wait.

we popped in here for pre-dinner drinks.
I'm not an "old fashioned" drinker, but my husband is.
I had a glass of wine, which was nice, and my husband really enjoyed his Old Fashioned.
Very friendly here!
Our bartender was awesome.

Amazing breakfast, deserves 5 stars!!
I had the corn beef and hash.
This was amazing!
My husband had a omelet and it was also delicious!
We started with the fresh made donuts with powered sugar.
I could have eaten 3 plates of these.
Server was great as well.
We will be back for sure!

Came here for lunch on a recent Friday and the place was hopping.
Love the atmosphere.
We got there early, good thing too.
The goofy system of having to order and pay at the bar is a pain in the butt and confusing.
But I loved my beer battered walleye.
And the staff is exceptionally friendly.
Will be back.

You know about the cheese curds yadda yadda yadda.
Let me reiterate thevdeals and steals you *need* to be acting on:  Double bubble: two for one taps and rails Mon-Thurs 3-5 pm and 10:30-midnight.
This means you can grab two of their famous old fashioneds or 2x any of the gazillion beers for around $5.
ALSO, they feature a Wisconsin beer of the month (we're talking nice ones, people) for $2.50 all day every day.
In August it was Wisconsinite from Lakefront Brewery.
Grrrreat deal.

I was lucky enough to experience the Old Fashioned while in town for the IRONMAN Wisconsin.
A woman standing near me heard me say "I just have to try fried cheese curds while I'm here" and she immediately turned around and replied "the best are at Old Fashioned.
" So off we went to eat fried food while people outside were working out for the entire day.....
The beer selection is pretty good.
I wish I could have tried more Wisconsin brews!
BF got an old fashioned and said they lived up to the name.
On to the cheese curds....SO GOOD!!
I agree with previous reviews in that they are a bit greasy, but the size and flavor is perfect.
I also had the mac n' cheese which was amazing--really creamy, cheesy, and perfectly cooked pasta.
The brats had good flavor, but didn't come out as hot as we would have liked.
The #20 salad was perfectly dressed and delicious.
I highly recommend you finish your meal at Old Fashioned off with root beer float, it's one of the best I've had!

Great Wisconsin local beer selection.
If you're looking for anything else beer wise, you're gonna be disappointed.
Definitely more of the college scene.

The Old Fashioned is a popular college bar in Madison, Wisconsin.
Well-known for their food (especially their cheese curds) it is a popular place amongst the students.
The Wisconsin Burger consists of local grass-fed beef grilled over a live fire, cheddar cheese, olive oil mayonnaise, raw onion, and is served on a buttered and toasted bun.
I added bacon to my burger for a little something extra.
The Wisconsin cheddar, bacon, and two slices of beef made an amazing combination.
Add in the mayonnaise and a little ketchup and I had a creamy, cheesy, salty, and beefy burger on my hands.
The burger was quite manageable and everything was well portioned.
The stand out ingredients were definitely the cheese and bacon (which I am assuming are some of the Midwest's finest).
Old Fashioned has the best burger I've eaten in Madison to date.
High quality ingredients, a well-known blend of flavors, and the option to add-on some very tasty bacon.
Compared to the best burger I have eaten the bun and beef fell a little short, but at the price point it's sold at I wouldn't expect it to compare.
If you're looking for the best burger in Madison The Old Fashioned is a good bet.

We were passing through Madison on our way from Minneapolis to Milwaukee and decided to use our trusty Yelp app to find some lunch.
The old fashioned came highly recommended.
There was a few comments made about their lunch counter service.
I honestly think it made it quicker and easier to get out during lunch, so no problems here.
We were still waited on as If there had been table service.
We were excited to try their homemade jerky!
It was excellent and only $1 a piece.
We also tried the chili...different but very good.
The meals are all very fairly priced and a lot of food for the money.
I had the spinach salad.
I highly recommend it.
The hot bacon dressing was awesome.
My husband had the shaved prime rib special.
There was not a crumb left.
This place was definitely worth going out of the way for.
Great view of the state Capital.

Sadly disappointed.
I remember this place being much better during my undergrad days.
Recently returned for a long weekend.
Old fashioneds were way too boozy.
Don't get me wrong, I can handle a stronger drink but this just tasted bad.
As for the food, the burgers were bland and the service was nonexistent.
It pains me to say this but I probably won't be back or recommend this once beloved Madison institution.

Best cheese curds of my life.
Same goes for beer cheese soup.
Basically, if you're into cheese, run don't walk to this restaurant.
Things to note: -Fairly large portion sizes, so keep that in mind when you order.
-Cheese curds -They have gluten-free bread, and 3 choices of it at that!
-Prices are amazing.
We had a FILLING meal for 4 people for under 70 bucks.
-Did I mention cheese curds?

I found myself here again on a Friday looking for something that'll satisfy my belly after a long week at work and on a cold gloomy day.
New England Clam Chowder...I think yes.
I also went for the spicy burger this time needing to turn up the heat.
And the it did the trickn with jalapenos, papperjack cheese and whatever else was causing the fire in my mouth had me asking for refills.
Almost everything on their menu is delish.
You can't go wrong.
http://www.getnmahbelly.com/2012/03/the-old-fashioned-big-wisconsin-flavor/

Great tap selection!
Love the local brews.
Food looks really good!

As a vegan, I can't honestly review the food here since it is very "meat and potatoes"--think classic Wisconsin Supper Club food but dressed up for the hip Madison Crowd who would otherwise look down their nose at this style of cuisine.
I'm rating this as a bar.
Their beer selection is solid--not as good as say, the Malthouse--but pretty good.
And the pours are affordable.
I recommend coming here and doing a couple of sampler rounds with friends, ordering a big plate of fries and just people-watching on the square.
It gets really crowded though, which is lame, and suffers from a really bad faux-smoke smell that might bother you.

We stopped at The Old Fashioned to get dinner.
I couldn't come to a place called The Old Fashioned and not try the Old Fashioned.
Some might describe Old Fashioned as an outdated disgusting grandpa drink.
I am still admititedly more of a Manhattan person, but I had to go for a change up.
You have to keep people on their toes you know.
The drink was well mixed and sweet but not too sweet.
For an appetizer we decided on the cheese curds.
It was kind of a no brainer since the y appeared on Food Nework's Best Thing I Ever Ate and that was one of the draws to get us into the place.
They came with a choice of sauces and thinking I would probably never be there again, I thought why not pay the extra 50 cents per sauce in order to try them all.
The cheese curds were little fired pillows of heaven.
Nice and crisp.
The cheese inside was absolutely amazing and some of the best that I have tasted.
I thought that the sauces would be overkill and to be honest, the curds themselves kind of don't even really need much else.
The sauces do accent things pretty well, and did make a nice place for me to dip the fries that came with my burger.
The sauces were: -Ranch: Pretty much self-explanatory and one of the only ones I probably could have skipped, but then again, ranch is a perfect combo with cheese.
-Roasted Garlic: My hands down favorite, but admittedly I am a bit of a garlic fiend.
-Blue Tiger:  Which I didn't know what to expect but it kind of tastes like a spicy blue cheese dressing -One of them was pink, and I thought it was the best to be fair our server didn't tell us which one was which.
The burger was also a huge win.
You can't argue with how great value it was to get a burger that was grass feed beef and locally raised pork all with that Wisconsin cheddar.
Looking at the menu I knew which burger to choose almost immediately and I knew it was going to be the one that will be affectionately remembered in my heart as the number thirty.
Everything you wanted was on this burger, perfect juicy beef, crisp thick bacon, fresh sharp cheddar, more of that wonderful garlic sauce, crispy fried onions and of course an over medium egg to top everything off.
Real burgers have that soft cooked egg.
There is no better feeling than to pick up your burger, take a big bite and have that yolk run down your hands coating the burger in it's magical goodness.
It wasn't long before I finished that burger and was nearly too full to walk.
We had about an hour left before the concert, so  we opted for a couple more drinks.
The Old Fashioned has a beer list that truly does an Wisconsin establishment proud.

Awesome place to eat.
I ate no 37 chicken breast bacon and cheese with cheese curds side I love it.
I also tried the October fest beer that was amazing.
Good and fast service.

It has a great atmosphere.
When we were there last two times, most tables were full.
It seemed like a happy place, especially around 5-8 pm.
Food is good.
Service is immaculate.
The prices are right.

How do I love the Old Fashioned?
Let me count the ways...
The burgers kick so much ass, especially the one with the fried egg on top.
I even really dig the jalapeo one as well.
An absolutely perfect burger, not to be missed.
An ever changing, evolving, extensive beer selection and not to mention the different varieties of old fashions.
Cheese curds with tiger sauce, I mean come on.
Its just a really great place to enjoy a real nice time.

Good cheese curds but not as great as some of the mom and pop places farther north.
Nice bar atmosphere and right on the square.

Very good.
I like that I know exactly what to expect when I go.
Love the atmosphere of the place and I never really mind waiting for up to 45 minutes to be seated.
I've had brunch, dinner, and drinks/cheese curds here.
I want to try new places and come here less... but I just end up here all the time especially when there are visitors because I know they won't disappoint.
Protocol for me is to put my name down, go to the back bar, drink a beer and hang out, and time flies~ Dinner is served pretty quickly.
Food and drink menu is extensive.
I've seen ~20 of the food items (I've eaten like.. 5...) and no one was ever disappointed.
Their old-fashioned drink is pretty tasty too.. and I'm not that big on old fashioneds usually...

Every time I go to The Old Fashioned, I leave feeling the same way.
It is always extremely crowded, and the service reflects that.
I love their bar menu and appetizers, which is what I think brings me back again and again.
Once we get seated, my experience seems to go downhill.
We always seem to wait forever for our server to acknowledge us, then once we finally order it takes even longer to finally get our food.
Again, if it weren't for the bar, I don't think we would keep going back again and again.

I've been to The Old Fashioned a couple of times and I really love it!Once after the farmers market at the capitol and more recently last weekend for date night.
The Old Fashioned is a wonderful showcase of everything local to Wisconsin.
It would be a great place to take someone from out of town.
They have an extensive beer list which I appreciate and obviously a nice selection of old fashioned drinks.
I'm not a liquor drinker normally but my boyfriend likes the old fashions here.
I had the #19 salad and added salmon.
I'm glad I did because without a meat the salad would have been pretty plain.
It was about 85% mixed greens (which were soooooo good) onions, a deviled egg (nice touch), and an awesome warm bacon dressing.
Really yummy!
Everything on the menu is incredibly reasonable price wise especially when you consider the quality of the food.
The beers are around $4 (they always have a $2.50 special - mine was Kiss the Lips IPA, Lake Louie Brewing Co) and the Old Fashions were $5-$7 unless you wanted to get really fancy.
Most of the menu items are under $10 but they always have a special which is more expensive but well worth it.
Be prepared to wait at the bar for a table.
Both times Ive been here was during peak hours and we waited well over an hour so pack a granola bar in your purse or order some cheese curds!

There are only three words that can properly describe the Old Fashioned: Wisconsin, Wisconsin, Wisconsin.
While many may search the Madison area for the most eco-friendly, sustainable, organic, local, vegan, original, eclectic, and liberal friendly dining establishments, they need not search further than the Capital Square.
The Old Fashioned is everything you can ask for in a Madison, or to broaden things, a Wisconsin restaurant.
If you are looking for a plate full of aged cheese you've never even heard of, look no further.
If you're looking the best deep fried cheese curds in town, theirs are next to none.
If you're looking for the best selection of Wisconsin craft beers, you can stop looking.
This place has it all.
As what appears to be a reminiscence of an old fashioned Wisconsin supper club, this place delivers on all accounts.
From the nostalgic adds from the glory days of Schlitz and Hamm's to the dice game played at local Wisconsin bars, The Old Fashioned makes you feel like you're in an old Wisconsin supper club even if you never actually been to one.
But don't think this place is a secret.
Many Madisonians know that this place is worth frequenting, as anyone will notice if they try to find a table on almost any night of the week.
Generally, the wait for a table is 45 minutes to an hour if you attempt to visit the joint during dinner hours.
However, the wait is worth it, during which you can attempt to sample one of their hundreds of Wisconsin craft beers.
Just don't expect to find anything that is brewed outside of the State.
They have a tiny cooler marked "imports" which contains a small selection of beers such as Coors light; however, if you looking for such beers I'd suggest visiting somewhere else.
This is the place to find Wisconsin craft beers, along with some of the old favorites such as Schlitz, Blatz and Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Oh and by the way, The Old Fashioned is not just a clever name.

Really good food and atmosphere.
The house special burger was excellent-- the fried egg and bacon just add an excellent finish to the juicy burger.
Cheese curds are well done, slightly crispy on the outside with moist cheddar within.
Onion strings were pretty good-- got an enormous portion of them too.
Prices reasonable, and an enormous cookie for a buck?!
Gotta love that.

Man I have to say that the burger is really good, but later found out that almost all of the beef in the Midwest is really good compared to California.
That being said, the fried cheese curds are totally disgusting.
I don't know who established that cheese curds are a "wisconsiner thing", but if you like a damn salt bomb in your mouth, then by all means.
Let's see here: cheese curds themselves are salty, then you bread and salt them again, and finally deep fry them in fats.
This should be illegal, and ruined my meal :(

Totally amazing breakfast.
Not crowded, awesome service.
Sat at the bar.
Cool old cafe style coffee cups and saucers....the best corn beef hash I've had in Madison.
The jam was phenomenal as well.
And as if the food wasn't good enough, they had Bob Wills playing at a modest volume on the speakers and espn and cable news on the flat screen TVs.
I'm coming back for another breakfast very soon  Update: Had breakfast here again this week - and it was just as good.

I first stopped in The Old Fashioned about three years ago as I was driving through Madison while moving to California.
I remember the cheese curds and burger with fried egg as being fantastic.
Flash forward a few years and I now have a sister living in Madison.
I'm in Madison for a few days before we head home for Thanksgiving and great cheese curds were at the top of my list, so we went in to The Old Fashioned for dinner.
The cheese curds are as awesome as I remember, and the #30 burger with bacon, fried egg, etc.
is among the best burgers I have ever had.
Not for the health-conscious or light of heart.
Huge selection of Wisconsin beers on tap, everything is very reasonably priced.
I walked out of here ridiculously full.
I'm about to spend a few hours at the gym to make myself whole after last night's great dinner.

Great ambiance, a little bit nosy,nice food~the service is good as well~good for friends union

Lox should not have left it's mother.
Music I enjoyed.

I LOVE THE OLD FASHIONED!
My favorite burger in the world is The Old Fashioned burger, with a beautiful over-easy fried egg on top.
You just can't beat it!
Plus their fried cheese curds are probably the best in Madison - so fresh, and the batter is perfectly light and crispy.
The BF loves the drink selection too.
I've only ever had great service, and the food comes out very quickly, sometimes shockingly so!
This is a great place to go for lunch on a Farmers Market day - go put your name in early and they'll call you when your table is ready.
Just make sure you can get back before they give your table away!
Overall, I absolutely recommend The Old Fashioned to anyone who loves burgers and other American fare!

For someone trying to get into shape the old fashioned isn't the place to be.... scrap that Wisconsin and Chicago... or really the United States isn't the place to be!
Darn this country and it's delicious food!!
As usual going to a new city as an Aussie with a local entering the old fashioned was the same... have you had cheese curds before?
Oh you've never had cheese curds??
Well we HAVE to get cheese curds, Wisconsin's the dairy capital and this place is famous for them!!
What are they I ask... well essentially they are balls of cheese scooped off the top of the cheese making process and battered and deep fried....well  what can I say... when in rome!!
(All my brain could do was plead with my body to say that this would help my body stay warm during the winter months!!).
Gotta say they are pretty darn good.
The cheesy was striggy and the fried tasted pretty good (almost like fried chicken fried... which is a complement coming from a fried chicken aholic)  Then I was informed the burgers are famous her as well.
As someone who has recently become intolerant to gluten I have to pick my battles and burgers are not usually my favorite choice of food to warrant being sick after (unlike fried chicken...
I'll battle through to be able to eat amazing fried goodness).
I have found a surprisingly small number of places that have gluten free burgers in Chicago and was happy to see that they had gluten fee buns here so I thought I should take the opportunity to have a burger as I haven't had one in so long.
I got the spicy burger and the bun looked exactly like my friends non gluten free bun which was a good sign (usually they are smashed and thinner and soggier).
The bun was good and the burger was great... it had jalapenos, pickles, onions and a spicy sauce).
Mmm mmm and I couldn't even finish everything and I am usually a clean plate club member!
Only reason this place didn't get 5 stars was the service was a little off... firstly we got the window seat so was a bit chilly (but we got a great view of the amazing capitol building!
), then they forgot to get us our drinks and finally a mishap with the bill splitting.
Not big issues but not 5 star service.

Must start off with saying that I love their cheese curds.
However, I'm here to write about their weekday breakfast.
I've gone for breakfast twice and both times I have gotten the "Huevos Rancheros.
" The dish consists of two over easy eggs atop beef chili and a tortilla.
This also comes with delicious roasted potatoes.
The eggs are topped off with two sauces.
One is a red sauce and the other a green tomatillo sauce.
Very flavorful and filling.
By the way, the eggs I eat here always have a gigantic healthy looking yolk!
Must be because they are organic!
I definitely plan on returning yet again for this breakfast dish.
Service is always great too.
I never have to ask for a coffee refill because before I know it, the server is already at my table asking me if I would like more!

I moved from Madison a couple of years ago but I'm telling you, every now and then I get a huge craving for cheese curds and The Old Fashioned has hands down the best fried curds known to man.
When/if I win the lottery, I'll be sure to fly to Madison on a regular basis just so I can have these curds.
I love this spot because it reminds me of everything that I loved about living in Madison.
The midwest charm, good beer and other drinks, and the food!
I am surprised I didn't leave Madison by crane after the weight I gained.
Everytime I go back to Madison, I always make an effort to get at least one meal there.
I usually vary up my menu items every time I go which is rare.
The fish fry is excellent but a bit overcrowded and that is a little distracting.
I guess when you have it so good, you have to expect it get as busy as it does.
TL;DR Before I die, serve me a plate of fried cheese curds from The Old Fashioned.

I had an Old Fashioned at the Old Fashioned, and it was all it's cracked up to be!
The bartender was really nice, explaining the history of the drink, and putting on a little show as he served it up for me.
He pulled out a map and an index for the beer drinker in the group, to explain where each of the local beers were brewed, and even allowing samples of the "must try these while you're in Wisconsin" beers.
Unfortunately, I cannot say the same about the food.
I ordered the mac and cheese with a side of steamed broccoli.... only ate the broccoli.
Disappointing, considering we're talking about the cheese state.
Same goes for the cheese curds.
I wasn't a fan.
The service, however, was spectacular.
A couple of Bostonians, Californians, and a Miamian.... yea, we were the rowdiest table at this little Midwestern gem, but no one around seemed to be bothered.
Overall, the vibe was nice.
If for nothing else, at my next visit to Wisconsin, I'll stop by for another Old Fashioned.

I finally broke down and went for lunch.
All in all, I liked it.
Their fried cheese curds were excellent.
The burger I had wasn't any better than anything I could make at home, so I wasn't overly impressed with that.
We went at lunch on a Friday.
Big mistake.
There was a line out the door and we ended up having to wait, huddled in the freezing entry, for almost twenty minutes to get a table.
The tables themselves are practically on top of the next table over.
There's almost zero privacy, so don't use this place for top secret business luncheons or to break up with someone.
Prices could be a bit better, but I'm not going to complain.
The odd system of ordering could be refined.
I found it frustrating to finally get a seat and then be told by a waitress who showed up tableside that I had to go stand around by the bartender for ten minutes until I could place an order.
The waitress was RIGHT THERE!
Why couldn't she help a dude out?
I'll go back, but I'm not in any hurry to do so.

This is my kind of place and with some of the best drink prices for a nicer place I have seen.
Get aged cheese curds...they're worth the price.
Enjoy more than one old fashioned brandy (sweet) as you cannot drink enough of these while in Madison.
Brandy old fashioned has completely raised the bar on how good a cocktail can taste.

Quaint bar on the square that was decorated for the holiday season to add some cheer.
Quieter bar during the holiday week resulting in it closing early.
But, good apps and drinks (with over 50 WI beers on tap) and great for just a chill hangout with friends/family.

Should I chalk this up to a night of mishaps?
- Gave name at host stand.
Quoted 15-20 minutes.
Given buzzer.
Went to bar for drinks.
45 minutes later, check back at host stand to see what's going on, and hey, our names have been accidentally crossed off the list.
- Due to the mishap, we were offered the next table that became available.
One by the door on a cold and drafty night.
And yes, I understand this place has double doors, but that doesn't mean people understand how to use them.
- Ordered food.
It was decent.
I wasn't screaming "OH MY GOD THESE CHEESE CURDS".
(Try Bad Apple in Chicago).
The Lazy Susan with the herring was mostly great, but the deviled eggs were terrible.
Beer cheese soup was overly salty too.
- Lastly, all I really wanted to try was the chocolate milk...which was forgotten (obviously, to go with the theme of the night).
Actually, chalk it up to inattentive service due to the crowds of people that want to eat here.
Next time, I will go elsewhere.

I went with some Friends from Appleton There was a line out the Door we went in and got a table right away so that was cool Service was ok for how busy they were.
We had 2 appetizer's Potato Chips they were very Good.
Cheese Curds they were Good.
Brian had the #30 Burger he said it was Good,  Sue had the Grilled Cheese and they used so much Butter her hand was greasy,  I had the #33 i think it was a turkey sandwich with lettuce and pickles the bread too had so much butter my hand was greasy,   Both Her and I Could not finish our Sandwich's because of all the greasy Butter it started to make me not feel good.
I figured mine would be good and Healthy as I need low Cholesterol and Salt Foods  Seeing how I did have the Potato Chips.
It Was NOT worth the $47.00 we had to pay!
Would I go back I doubt it!

I resisted going to The Old Fashioned because every person I met in Madison (I'm new here) had asked me if I had been yet and I hate things like that.
I finally caved in for date night about 2 weeks ago and now I get it.
We arrived at 6 pm on a Wednesday and got THE LAST TABLE open... at 6 PM.
ON A WEDNESDAY.
Amazing.
Once I sat down and had impeccable service with even more comforting & delicious food, it all made sense.
The house salad dressing is out of this world good and the fish fry was delicious.
Crispy, fresh, and homemade without a hint of fishy-ness.
The coleslaw was crisp and not gross.
My boyfriend's burger was cooked perfectly to his liking.
My only regret was that we didn't save room for dessert, and next time we will surely split an entree so that we do.

Amazing beer selection and at an excellent price.
Great location, though it can be quite a long wait.
Cheese curds are a necessity, of course.
The place simply has as Wisconsin of a feel as you'll get in the state!
-1 because the prime rib sandwich was mediocre.
I also tried the liverwurst which was a horrible mistake.
Also, $10 minimum at the bar is off-putting.

I love the Old Fashioned.
It has a great atmosphere, and they serve up comfort food at its finest.
My favorite sandwich is the pulled pork.
It's a huge pile of pork on big soft bread topped with relish and muenster cheese.
I have never been disappointed by this delicious thing.
I recently had the Friday cod fish fry for the first time and I thought it was great!
Well seasoned, crispy, and served with a heap of fries, rye bread, and coleslaw.
And of course, you can't go wrong with the Apple Jack Old Fashioned!

It's been nearly 4 years since the last review.
I've visited here 6 or 7  times (maybe more) since the last review, usually with people from out of town who want to check it out.
+ The expanded area has helped a bit with seating problems + Can usually find a place at the bar, with just a little luck + Excellent beer menu; somewhere near 50-brews on tap + Beer of the month is a steal at $2.50  - There's always a wait for a table - Seating is cramped - The place is cold, especially in the winter  - Service is usually a miss; servers generally aloof & absent + Some of the bartenders are decent  - Food continues to underwhelm - Expensive food - The curds still suck; sooooooooo greasy and overcooked - everydamntime!
- "Tiger sauce" doesn't make a cheese curd "amazing"   If I were rating the place for beers and atmosphere alone, I'd give it 4-stars.
Combine all of the parts, and it's barely a 2.   smh - I just don't get it.

Stopped here twice on a business trip.
Great selection of local beer (I'm a craft beer enthusiast from NH).
I kept getting beer samplers, they were served on a board shaped like Wisconsin.
Fried cheese curds were great.
Highly recommend the number 30, the egg on a burger sounds weird but is to die for!
Friendly waitstaff, (beer) knowledgeable server.

The hipster's guide to Wisconsin supper clubs.
But seriously, this place is awesome.
Meat and cheese platters, hamburgers with eggs, apple pie with sharp cheddar cheese, the most delicious salmon salad and wood-grilled chicken sandwich, and an award winning old fashioned (or so I've been told).
Expect to wait for brunch and dinner (especially on Friday night or the weekends).
There have been many a time we've walked away because we need to eat now, not wait 30 minutes to be seated.
The staff have always been professional and friendly.
The restaurant is well kept and keeping busy having expanded their size over the last couple of years.
When co-workers, friends or family travel to Madison, The Old Fashioned is one place I always recommend.

good food

It has been years since I actually ate at the Old Fashioned.
Every time I attempt to go there (usually around dinner on a Friday or Saturday evening), the wait is well over an hour and my group doesn't want to wait.
I'm sure it's easier to get a table on a week night.
I did have a chance to have some drinks at the Old Fashioned one night and was reminded of how much I enjoy stopping there.
They've got a pretty impressive beer selection.
The evening we went they even had a 3 Sheeps beer - one of my favorite microbrews!
They have a good selection of cocktails and of course, make a great old fashioned!
My brandy-sour rivaled the ones my husband and I make at home.
So no worries, if your dinner plans to eat at the Old Fashioned are thwarted by a long wait, stop back after dinner for drinks!

I have been a huge fan of this restaurant for several years, but after our most recent two trips there, I'm starting to think it's lost it's appeal.
We were there on a Saturday night last summer and surprisingly it was not crowded.
However, the service was terrible- the waitress never brought the cheese curds we ordered (we'd ordered them right away with our drinks) and then went on break after taking our order, so another server brought our entrees.
I had the spinach salad with warm bacon dressing, which I have had before and really enjoyed, however this time it was terrible.
The chicken was extremely dry and overcooked- inedible actually.
When we finally flagged down another server to ask where our curds were, they insisted they'd already gone out to our table (um...no they didn't) and then finally brought us some, but at that point it was the end of the meal and we didn't want them anymore.
I thought it was poor form that they didn't at least offer to take them off our bill.
We made another trip there today for lunch, and once again had mediocre service and food.
We got stuck sitting in the main dining room, so we were freezing because of the draft from the door being constantly opened (always a problem there).
As usual, the tables are really close together, so we were uncomfortably close to a couple next to us and could hear their entire conversation.
Very awkward- especially since they appeared to be on a first or second date!
And the worst part of the whole meal, was that THE CHEESE CURDS HAVE CHANGED!
The curds were the best part of the whole restaurant!
Today when they arrived they had a distinctly orange look- like the batter is totally different- and they were disgustingly greasy and heavy.
We didn't even finish ours.
Soooo disappointing!!!
I think it might be time for me to start looking for a new favorite restaurant :(

We really enjoyed our visit.
LOVE the Wisconsin products and focus with a modern twist.
We will be back when in Madison!

This is my favorite restaurant in Madison, by far.
Go early to be sure you can get a table; if you try getting in at prime time on a Friday or Saturday, you're SOL.
But once you're in, you're definitely in for a treat.
They have the best cheese curds in town, hands down.
For an entree, you can't go wrong with a burger, salmon salad or the mac and cheese.

Sweet spot for beer lovers.
Brats good too & bartenders very friendly & knowledgable.

What can I say?
The cheese curds rock and the prices are ultra reasonable.
It's a simple as that.

Wow, this place has a great Wisconsin beer selection.
The Ale Asylum was very smooth.
The cheese curds where some of the best I have had and were perfect with the brats!
Well  worth checking out.
There are several parking garages were close by!

Underwhelmed  I have heard many positive things about this restaurant over the years, and unfortunately it did not live up to the hype.
We ordered cheese curds and two burgers.
The cheese curds were pretty greasy.
I think this is due mostly to a very thin layer of breading that doesn't hold the oil in.
I prefer cheese curds with more substantial breading, so these were not my favorite.
Our burgers were also greasier than I am accustomed to.
After cutting mine in half, I had pink grease sliding around my plate.
The flavor of the burger was disappointing--an overpowering amount of pepper masked the flavor of the meat.
The fries, though hot and crispy, were nothing special.
Overall, I wouldn't go back to eat.
It's probably a better place to meet for drinks.

My friends say these are the best fried cheese curds in Madison.
It was my first time trying fried curds, but I have to say...they were incredible!
We got the delish paprika dipping sauce.
(Tip: eat the big curds first while they're hot, otherwise they get weird when they're cold.
) It's a good thing that the lighting is so dim in here, and they come out with your entrees quickly, so you don't have to see the little pool of grease that your curds were soaking in....ignorance is bliss.
Went on a Monday and they have BOGO burgers a la carte.
Random, but awesome!
Tons of veggie options.
They have other specials every night of the week.
Great selection of beers on tap, most are $4 or less.
I had a Downtown Brown and some cherry beer that tasted like cherry pop (I cannot remember the name, but it came served in a snifter).
I just wanted a big straw to suck it down!
We snuck in just before the dinner crowd at 6:30, snagged a table, but after that, the place got packed!
I would love to come back to this place.
This week is a tribute to mac and cheese and I gotta say, I'm tempted to go back to get some...they really know how to do flavor pairings!

The first few times I went to the Old Fashioned, I absolutely loved it.
The cheese curds were fresh and at the perfect temperature and coupled with the smoked paprika sauce... Let's just say I still dream about them sometimes.
The burger with the egg is also hands down my favorite burger in the world.
You just can't beat it.
I've also gotten the salmon salad and another salad that had a warm, bacon dressing as well as other things that made it really unhealthy.
The exact names of both escape me but seeing as there are only like 4 salad entrees on the menu, they're not hard to find.
I would definitely recommend both.
But I do have to dock a star.
They don't take reservations which can lead to a frustrating 30-40 minute wait and I feel that as the restaurant has gotten more popular, the quality has gone down.
The last time I went the cheese curds were super oily and soggy.
I know that cheese curds aren't healthy by any means, but at least in the past I wasn't reminded of that fact with the (small) pockets of oil lingering on the curds and how the pieces were all stuck together.

A Madison staple, and a fantastic place to bring people from out of town.
The staff is very accommodating of groups.
Old Fashioned cheese curds are as good as it gets, they are so perfectly done.
Anything you point to on the menu will most likely be satisfying and delicious.
I've had all of the available sides, and they are all fantastic.
Given the menu options, I have never had a salad here, so I have nothing to contribute in the vegetable department.
On the other hand, the mac and cheese (with or without bologna) is a beautiful thing, and the burgers are wonderful as well.
I've said all of this, and haven't even mentioned the tap list!
I'll keep it short and sweet - the selection WILL NOT disappoint!

The Old Fashioned is far from its name.
It's full of energy and in the midst of a college town in Michigan.
They offer great mixed drinks at a decent price and their food is fantastic.
The one item I will suggest, no matter what your pallet, is the cheese curds.
They are one of the best appetizers I've had in any restaurant and come with a multitude of sauces for dipping (provided you pay a little extra for each).
Well worth it.

This was my first time and I had a great experience.
I can't remember now what we got, but I remember everything we ordered was good.
Portions were big and service was very friendly.
I remember the coffee being decent too.

Exactly what I wanted on my trip to Madison.
Fried cheesy goodness on a plate, great beers, and friendly service.
An enjoyable experience in every way.

Been on several trips to Madison and The Old Fashioned has the best cheese curds I've had.
They have an awesome beer selection, the environment is nice, and it's right on the Capitol.
This seems like the logical spot for both tourists and locals to enjoy a great meal.
I'm sure I'll be back.

30 minute wait for a table of 8 so we got some drinks at the bar.
Plenty of beers on tap, friendly bartenders, and yummy manmosas (a mimosa x's 3!
) We got sat at a table that should have only sat 6, but we got cozy and made it work.
Everything at the table was good but nothing memorable or outstanding.
I had the walleye sandwich with a salad.
The walleye was huge and crispy but pretty flavorless.
I hate having to put a ton of tarter sauce on it.
My bf ordered the grilled cheese and wasn't too thrilled about it.
We're in Wisconsin!
How do you mess up cheese???
The table had a variety of mini donuts, chili, beer and cheese soup (which I guess is the best thing to order), omelets, and corn beef hash.
Again, no complaints but nothing to rave about.

Bloody Mary Sundays.
Kids welcomed.
I love this place after a long walk around the farmers market.
Great food service is great.
Another gem in Madtown that I often visit.

Cheese Curds was at the top of my list while visiting Madison, so when I searched them out on Yelp I came across The Old Fashioned and I am glad that I did.
It was so good that I had to make a second visit on my short trip to town.
I first arrived for a late lunch with another co-worker, we were promptly seated and the friendly waitress took our orders.
We both ordered burgers with a side of cheese curds.
For my burger, I went with The Old Fashioned House Burger which was served with hickory-smoked bacon, Cheddar, garlic sauce and a soft-cooked egg all on top of a delicious buttered and toasted roll.
Everything about this burger was a hit, the egg, the cheese and garlic sauce all come together for an amazing taste.
However I have to admit that the burger took a backseat to the cheese curds, which were clearly made in house.
After trying the cheese curds at another place in town, I quickly realized that The Old Fashioned has the best!
I returned to The Old Fashioned again one evening after dinner at a local brew pub, the food was good however the cheese curds were lacking and I needed another fix before leaving Madison so it was back to the Old Fashioned for a side of cheese curds and a beer.
There are nearly 150 Wisconsin beers available here to, so that makes a stop at The Old Fashioned a must on any visit!

been there few times, just love it, makes  my night all good

We are Madison residents and this is our favorite restaurant in town.
It has a great balance of menu items, drinks, food quality, service, and prices.

Good service, basic WI/American food.
You can get a great old fashioned here.
Almost always a longer than desired wait to be seated.
This restaurant is located  on the square.
It's a convenient pit stop after the famers's market  on the square (Saturdays)

Simple, rustic decor, relaxed and easy atmosphere, great service.
It's all about that smoked paprika sauce.
Still, I'd give it a 3 based on "just decent overall"- but the sweet bourbon Old Fashioned was Absolute Vintage Perfection.
Could not have been better.
I'm a sucker for a rustic cocktail in a place with wooden floors.

Ate there last night.
So good!
Cheese curds were amazing and the onion straws are everything an onion ring wished it were.
I had the brat and was presently surprised.
It had been 28 years since my last visit to Madison when I graduated from U W and I had missed brats and cheese curds and this restaurant made we remember why.
It is well worth the wait!

Food was awesome, service is slow and not the most friendly bunch I've ever been around.

Went here twice on a trip to Madison, ate at the bar both times.
Service is friendly and helpful.
The fried cheese curds are amazing - eat them hot for the ultimate in delicious gooeyness.
Their burgers are also great.
The food prices are reasonable, particularly given their location and tourist appeal.
With 150 beers available and many of them local made, this is a great place to familiarize yourself with the local brews.
Bartenders are happy to advise you and let you sample before ordering a pint.
I'd recommend this to anyone coming to Madison.
Has a family-friendly vibe during the day but turns into a cool night spot.

Good food with giant portions and reasonable prices Can't really match their cheese curds anywhere in Madison.
The only thing that makes this a 4 star place is the ridiculous waiting time.
They don't take reservations and their hosts aren't really the best at managing available table.

I have only been to the Old Fashioned for breakfast, but Oh!
what a breakfast it was!
I ordered the veggie scramble that had the freshest and most flavorful  soft cheese mixed in.
The toast came with a cherry preserve that, had I not been dining with workmates, I would have asked if there was a vat I could go plunge into!
I t was heavenly, and from what I hear it is a local staple.
he eggs and toast came with roasted potato slices that were savory and cooked to perfection.
If you are ordering this breakfast, make sure you have your comfy pants on because it is a huge plate of food!
The atmosphere is very cozy despite the 15' ceilings and the dining room was very clean.
Our server was sweet, speedy and responsive.
All in all, a great first visit.

Overrated.
Incredibly greasy and underwhelming.
I've had multiple bad visits that included a walleye sandwich (No.
36) that was full of bones.
Not just one or two bones, but FULL of bones.
A complete choking hazard.
I did email them and they did refund my meal, but it was still a terrible experience.
I usually end up going there only when other people insist.
And recently it was as greasy and unsatisfying as ever.
Even when you try and make one of the sandwiches healthy by skipping the bacon, it's still a greasy mess.
Even the salads have bacon!
The beer selection is stellar and the service is usually fine.
There are some great bartenders, but here are also a couple annoying ones.
It's usually way too busy for what they offer, and wait times can be long.
The food will clog your arteries like no other, and there is often a wait for a table.
There are plenty of other places in Madison that offer better food and a better experience.

Great food, I had the old fashioned burger, hands down the best burger I have ever eaten.
If you visit Madison this is a must on your places to eat.
Over 100 beers dozens of local beers on tap all only $2.25-$4 a pint.
Cheese curds are a must have as well.
Good local atmosphere, good service.
Small dining areas so it gets crowded, but 2 very large bars.

The "best cheese curds in Madison"are good, but I do think this whole thing is overhyped.
It doesn't help that the cheddar is dyed orange (why do companies still do this?
), but it is a good snack to go with your beer when you're look for something superheavy.
I'm sure the Wisconsin weather helps with that a bit.
The Old-Fashioned borders the capital which makes it convenient, and the menu is very approachable emphasizing Wisconsin specialities.
It's pretty big so you probably won't have to wait long for a seat at their long bar or at a table.
I think the best part might be the build-your-own old fashioned menu.
I'm not usually one to order an old-fashioned, but I have to say that theirs were amazing.

I see what all the fuss is about.
Loved this place.
The Old Fashioned was packed so we ate at the bar.
The traditional old fashioneds were really delicious.
The deep fried cheese curds were some of the best I've ever had.
We split a burger and a fish sandwich; both were prepared with care and skill.
Nom!
Known as a place that is always busy.
It's noisy, busy, and frenetic.
Not good for a quiet dinner or a first date.
Service wasn't super slow, but it's wasn't fast either.

Grab the Cheese Curds, top 5 all time!

Cheese Curds, Brats and Beer!!!
Hell yeah and all for a very reasonable price.
I don't live in Madison, so I don't know the nuances of cheese curds and brats but damn this place was good!

I'm a huge fan of The Old Fashioned, but I don't get there as much as I'd like because it's ALWAYS packed.
Service is always friendly and attentive, huge selection of beer, great food (amazing cheesecurds), and of course a craftily delicious brandy old-fashioned).
Overall, always a great experience.
RATINGS (A+  --  F) Service: A Food: A Drinks: A+ Price $: B+ Atmosphere: A Overall Experience: A

This is where you take your picky family members and they love it.

This is a great restaurant.
The food was delicious.
The wait staff was okay.
Alot of people say they were great, but it's possible society standards of "good service" has lowered.

Coming to Madison from Chicago, I figured I'd find a good burger spot.
This place delivered.
Plus they have $9 pitchers of beer!
That's pretty awesome in my book.
The service was also excellent.

Excellent Corned beef hash!

Descriptive phrase: Wisconsin bites and libations, done right.
Short and sweet, The Old Fashioned serves Wisconsin staples and prepares drinks to local tastes better than most.
Their titular Brandy Old Fashioned cocktails are the best I've had and a steal at $4.
The Cheese Curds are gooey and greasy.
Their draught beer selection is hard to beat.
The Beer-Cheese Soup comes with popcorn on top.
It's my #1 recommendation for non-Wisconsinites in Madison for a bit.

What can I say about The Old Fashioned that hasn't been said in the 571 other reviews?
Probably nothing.
But here are my thoughts...
The Old Fashioned opened in Madison a couple of years after I graduated from UW Madison and left for Chicago.
I'm pretty much bummed that I missed nine years of eating here.
I mean come ON.
52 Wisconsin beers on tap???
A new beer every week of the year!
(Maybe I should plan on this.
)  Apple Pie made by a local FFA?
Locally made items up and down the menu?
This place is awesome.
The cheese curds - pretty damn good.
(Am I allowed to say "damn" on Yelp?
)  Great flavor, not too greasy, perfectly fried.
Mac and Cheese - pretty good - not the best in Madison.
I kind of consider myself a Mac and Cheese connoisseur.
This one had al dente noodles and rather runny, creamy sauce.
The flavor was good, but it just didn't meld together into a cohesive dish like I think Mac and Cheese should - iI know this sounds ridiculous - just go with it.
So yeah - tasted good, but definitely not my favorite.
Fish Fry - husband says, "it was great" - he is clearly a man of many words.
;)  After a little prompting, he added, "the fish was light and perfectly fried.
" So there's that.
Now that I've moved back to the Madison area, I hope to visit The Old Fashioned often - I've got 52 beers with my name on them!
I realize that many other Yelpers say that The Old Fashioned is not as good as it used to be, but for this first-timer, it was a hit.

Good food (perch fish fry and a wedge salad) and great service.
The wedge was presented beautifully with French dressing (never seen it served with French) and the fish fry had a very light batter (pretty good).
The thing that resonated most was the service, everyone knew the beers and the menu items flawlessly.
Thanks for playing host to an out of towner.

I know- I know--- its blasphemy to be in madison, and not LOVE the old fashioned.
But I don't.
It's not that I think they are not good, or their cheese curd not awesome.
Mostly it comes down to this- they are just not the wait, and the hype.
Plus I have had some questionable experiences service wise.
So here is my suggestion to most people go here ONCE (wait for a REALLY long time), TRY: - Summer Sausage Sandwich or Old Fashioned Burger - Wisconsin Beer Cheese Soup - Number 13.
Cheese Curds - Old Fashioned  This almost 2 hour experience will capture all the essentials, and you won't need to return here for a while.

I think this place is a little overrated.
I mean I know I live in Wisconsin, but I think you could do better fired food and beer.
The proportions are too big.
Expect the cheap version of much of your meal.
If you want comfort food that remind you of comfort food you could make at home, this is your place.

the best food but wait time sucks.

Do you want to be surrounded by tourists whose hotel told them that this is the place for a "real Wisconsin experience"?
Are you in the mood for a sandwich since there are startlingly few non-sandwich items on the menu?
Then the Old Fashioned is just the place for you.
This is very much a beer and sandwich place.
There are a grand total of THREE non-sandwich entrees on the entire menu: steak, mac n cheese, and trout.
That's it.
Four if you include the rotating nightly special.
Everything else is sandwiches and some salads thrown in for good measure.
You can get good beer and cheese curds anywhere in this town.
Sure, the sandwiches here are pretty good.
But there's more to comfort food than Schlitz beer signs on the wall, and a bunch of freaking sandwiches.

Great food.
They're known for their cheese curds and burgers - because they are pretty awesome, after all.
If you go on a Friday or Saturday night, expect to wait awhile to get a table.

Outstanding food and service, enjoyed every minute and bite.

I absolutely LOVE the Old Fashioned.
It's a true staple of Downtown Madison.
The cheesecurds are delicious (just wish the ranch dressing was thicker).
And I've never had a bad, or even mediocre, meal.
The new addition has really helped with wait times and seating, although I would recommend coming early if you're planning to be there on a busy night.
They don't take reservations (bummer).
Try the pickled egg in your beer - or the Old Fashioned Burger if you're feeling adventurous and hungry!

There is a reason there is a line around the block when you get there~ Best Fish fry anywhere!

Good food, great beer, reasonable prices, chill atmosphere.
Great place to take parents!

The Old Fashioned is a Madison staple.
It's usually my go to spot to bring visiting guests to.
I have been there more times than I can remember and always find it enjoyable.
The old fashioned burger is one of the best in Madison, the spicy burger is just as good and highly underrated.
The pulled pork sandwhich is also very good.
Another one of my favorite things about the OF is their sauces.
The tiger sauce has a horseradishy kick to it.
You can't get more Wisconsin than this place.

the burgers are absolutely wonderful... filled with flavor, cooked just right...  the fried cheese curd is another incredible thing worth ordering -   the atmosphere was great, service was impeccable... absolutely recommend to both visitors and locals --

The burgers are the bomb.
I felt like eating my burger with a bun was a misdemeanor, and adding any condiments would be a serious felony.
Really, the burgers are so amazing.
We also ordered onion strings and cheese curds, which were good...but I will be thinking about that burger for a long time.

I was told that this was this was the place to go in Madison, and that the fried cheese curds and Old Fashioned burger were the two menu options that were must-order items.
I would confidently repeat that advice to anybody asking.
My trio made it in here around 7 on a foul-weathered June Saturday night, and we weren't the only people who had the idea to do so.
It is a pretty large place, but we had about a 45 minute wait for a table.
Conveniently, the hostess can take your phone number so their system will send you a text message when your table is ready, leaving you free to wander around the other nearby establishments, hang out around the capitol building, or find a few beers at the bar.
There isn't a convenient place to hang out inside if the bar area is packed, which it likely will be, so maybe hanging out somewhere different until our table was ready would have been a better option than getting a beer from the bar and constantly moving around to get out of the way for other people who were going in and out.
The place definitely has a loud and busy atmosphere, but it feels more fun than overwhelming and everybody in the place is smiling and having a good time.
There aren't as many TVs inside as I would have expected, but that probably keeps it a little more of a restaurant feel than a sports bar type place.
There are at least a couple TVs over the bar, and there might be more around that I didn't see, but if you wanted to watch a game here you'd need to request a table within viewing range.
They did have some cool sports memorabilia on the walls, including a lot of Wisconsin focused items.
Almost right at 45 minutes after out estimated wait time was given, my phone buzzed and we were seated.
Our waiter was fantastic, although he was a little hard to hear in the more-noisy-than-average setting.
We got a round of beers ordered, which was made easy by their $3 pint special of a local Wisconsin brew of which the name escapes me.
Aside from that special, they had a very long list of fantastic Wisconsin offerings both on tap and in the bottle, and of course they offered their namesake along with a few unique iterations of the drink.
The menu is actually a little tough to read, since you are basically reading a description of each item in order to figure out what it is, but it is mostly filled with offerings of appetizers, salads, and sandwiches/burgers.
They offer some charcuterie boards as appetizers that sounded delicious, but we went straight for the fried cheese curds.
The smoked paprika sauce that we ordered with the curds put them over the top and made the year that I surely knocked off my lifespan for eating them well worth it.
Just as the 3 of us were starting to slow down on the cheese curds, our entrees came out and I swear the lights dimmed and my Old Fashioned Burger had rays of light emanating from it.
Maybe that was just my tunnel vision focusing on the glorious burger piled high with toppings that was now in front of me.
It's hard to mess up anything made with flame-grilled beef, fried onions, smoked bacon, aged cheddar, garlic sauce, and a fried egg, but they definitely made sure the whole was greater than the sum of its parts.
The meat was cooked perfectly as ordered, and everything tasted like it was top quality, especially the 2 different meats between the buns.
I don't think anything beats a runny yolk on top of a burger, and they nailed it.
I got fries as my side instead of upgrading to one of the other offerings, and they were good but just standard fries.
I would definitely recommend this burger to anyone that wasn't vegetarian, and I'd even go so far as to suggest those who are to make an exception just this one time.
We were offered a dessert menu at the end of the meal, but not one of us had any extra room for any more food.
You certainly don't have to worry about leaving here hungry.
When I make it back here again, I might stray from their popular burgers and instead get the mac and cheese, since I was eyeing it all night as they were constantly bringing it out to other tables It looked delicious and packed with cheese, but that will have to wait for another day.
Hands down one of my favorite places I've ever been in the upscale burger and beer category of restaurant, and that is in a list that includes a lot of other places.

Cheese curds, Tiger sauce, burgers with an egg on it: the Wisconsin college town trifecta.
I don't quite know what's in the Tiger sauce (I think it's a bleu cheese/ranch mixture, but who knows or cares...
It's amazing), but you need to get it on everything.
I used to frequent this hotspot every time I visited my sister at UW, and this was always our post-bar stop.
Whether your night ends at 11 p.m. (no judgements) or 2 a.m., Old Fashioned's cheese curds are awaiting you with open arms.
Whether you're there for the beer or a mixed drink (brandy slushes are a must-have in the summer), Old Fashioned is your one-stop-shop for Capital fun.

Love their tenderloin sandwich special!

Very typical American food I think...nothing to boast about, but lots of people like to come here when they visit Wisconsin, or even those who live here find it extremely popular.
The one unique thing I saw on the menu--aside from the regular burgers and french fries and stuff--was a chili spaghetti.
I had never heard of this before, and my friend said that's how it's served "Green Bay" style, so of course I had to try it!
It was good, but not something I would order at a restaurant again...simply because I can easily boil spaghetti and a can of chili at home myself.
The cheese curds which are quite unique to Wisconsin were amazing though!
It was my first time trying cheese curds here and I liked it...but the rest of the week I went around ordering cheese curds from all kinds of places and I realized that the ones I had at Old Fashioned weren't the best in town.
But it is a decent place to sit and have a beer with friends and snack on good ol greasy American foods!

Food was decent but the hostess discriminated against us in seating.
As the only minorities in the restaurant, and what felt like all of madison, I didn't really appreciate her service.
I wrote up the full story on my traveblog here: http://bit.ly/1vxQ2Vs

Good food, pretty good service.
Beer special of the month is always a good bonus.
Downside, they have incredible long waits and it is hard to get a table during dinner.
We've walked away countless times because of the wait.
Unfortunately, we have walked more than we have been able to eat and that is a lot of missed revenue for the Old Fashioned.
If you want to take an out-of-town visitor there to eat, plan ahead and eat at an off peak time or else you will be disappointed with having to wait over an hr to eat dinner.

The place to go in Madison, if you want a tour of WI beers and good cheese curds.
There on-tap list is impressive.
It can get very noisy.
Not a good place to go if anyone in your party has a gluten allergy.

After many times of missing this place finally had to give it a try.
Started out with the $3 pint of the month which was local IPA.
Then had the number 30 burger with cheese curds and tiger blue on the side.
The burger was flat out solid as were the curds.
Sat up by the bar right away so had no issues getting a spot.
Would differently recommend and go back without hesitation.

I've never had a bad meal here and we've been here lots of times.
This is THE place to bring visitors for a true Wisconsin experience.
Best cheese curds in town.
They also have a burger that has an egg on top that my wife loves.
I usually try something new duo I've been all over the menu and hasn't been disappointed.
Great drinks.
They don't take reservations so larger groups can take a while to seat on the weekends, but couples won't have a problem getting in whenever.
They do have a room upstairs that can be rented out for larger parties, wedding dinners, business dinners, etc.

So....the atmosphere is great.
They have plenty of bar space (a front room and back room bar area/seating).
But there is always a wait to be seated.
A lack of seating in my opinion (or just very popular).
I usually opt for the standard Old Fashioned Burger.
Really nothing special.
A standard burger.
As for the other food options, I just have not had something yet to say "wow, this is something special!
It's standard food options you would expect from a Wisconsin Pub/Bar eatery.
I did order a Brandy Slush the last time I was there on a very hot day.
I thought it was a awesome bar item that you just don't see too often.
It was great, but was a bit expensive considering I was getting Brandy/OJ/and ice.
Other than this, they do have a nice list of other drinks and beers to choose from, so you definitely will have plenty of drink choices.
This is one place that I just don't have spectacular glowing thoughts about.
It's standard good Wisconsin food.
I would agree about the cheese curd debate that seems to be happening on Yelp, whether they are awesome or just subpar.
I'm obviously leading toward the subpar people.
They are good.....but again like the burgers, nothing to write home about.
Excellent beer/drink specials on certain nights!

Maybe we just got the wrong things...
But the chili I would NOT recommend.
And the veggie sandwich was only ok.   Great beer though with an amazing selection.
Would definitely come back for the beer.

Decent, a classic, but a little overhyped.

Terrible service and snotty people!
The food is average but for some reason Madison people go crazy for it.
Their cheese curds are supposed to be the best but maybe people are only saying that because the rest of the menu is nothing to write home about.

I love old fashioned for their cheese curds and list of beers on tap.
Those two things they do an amazing job at!
And if I have guests in town I will take them here for those two things.
But their food has always been a little mediocre in my opinion.
They do flights of their beer on tap which I enjoy to try new beers.
They usually want you to pick a flight from the same line of taps.
(Half of them are at one bar and the half at another) I believe they are color coded on the tap list.
I got their lake perch fish fry Wednesday special.
The fish tasted fresh...I'm assuming it's not from lake monona.
The fish came out a little cold.
The French fries were good though.
I've also gotten a brat there which again nothing amazing comes to mind about it.

One of my favorite restaurants in the Midwest.
Always make it a point to visit whenever I'm in Madison.
And, like most excellent restaurants, there is often and almost always a wait.
It's just great comfort food and hands down the best deep fried cheese curds I've had.
Here, too, I've brought many a coworker and customer and everyone has been a fan.
All the food has been decent from the salads to the burgers, brats, BBQ pork and turkey sandwiches to the tuna salad and fish.
Nothing that blew me away, but all good and all consistent.
My favorite part of the place is the bar.
Just a really cool, old school/antique bar that runs 30 feet or so towards the back of the place.
An amazing beer selection as well as an outstanding selection of very original "WI foods" like beef jerky and pickled eggs.
Great location as well with a view of the Capitol building across the street along with being in the middle of a bustling area of other restaurants and bars.

Definitely worth a stop for anyone visiting the downtown area.
Great food and atmosphere that seems to capture true Madison spirit.
Also, great price for HUGE portions.
Items I would recommend!
- (1) cheese curds seem to be the obvious favorite.
My sister tried about a dozen places in town and claimed this to be among the best, especially for the price (2) old fashioned house burger (3) prime rib sandwich  The following were alright - (1) pork shoulder sandwich - not bad but it was a little dry for my taste and I thought it could definitely use more sauce and relish.
(2) Norwegian salmon salad - huge heap of salad was great but the salmon was definitely overcooked  Service was wonderful!
Everyone seemed to work as a team and staff were friendly despite a busy night.

Cheese curds and Spotted Cow.
Welcome to Wisconsin!
I love comfort food, and this place hits the spot!
Excellent beer specials!

One of the best places to eat and/or drink anytime of the day downtown on the square.
I recently discovered they have an awesome breakfast menu and they open early at 7:30.
I lunch there frequently and always find the wait staff to be organized, helpful and courteous.
Great beer selection and not as noisy as some downtown bars can be.
Some of my favorite things to eat there are the fish fry on Fridays, cheese curds (of course!
)  I have always had a good meal there!

I always mean to write a review here, and always forget.
Love this joint.
Two words CHEESE CURDS mmm mmm mmm also great selection of beers with awesome prices.
When my family comes from out of state this is a first stop.
I think cheese curds are just a wisco staple.
Great place to eat and clean and wait staff super friendly.

So, you thought you'd try Heritage Tavern but you don't want to spend $40 a person?
Go right around the corner to a Madison institution to The Old Fashioned and make sure you order their synonymous drink or one of the specialty versions they offer.
The cheese curds are among the best in the city (I personally prefer the curds at Essenhaus but that's just me) and are not to be missed.
Get a double order right off the bat!
You can't go wrong with an order of the Fish & Chips, the Old Fashioned Burger, or the really tasty Grilled Cheese sandwich.
The mac & cheese is also a delicious coronary waiting to happen.
You don't go to the Old Fashioned to eat light - you go for the comfort food and the incredible beer selection.
There's a great bar and lots of seating (a lot of corner booths) so this is a great spot for larger groups.
Use the Bartell Theatre next door as an excuse to get out and make the Old Fashioned your before, after, and if it's a crappy show- during, performance drinking and eating spot.

I really wanted to love this place - but decided it came out to yelp's A-OK.  We ordered the No.
30 (burger with egg) with cheese curds and the No.
36 (beer battered wall-eye sandwich).
The burger was a bit overcooked.
The cheese curds were too oily for me.
We noticed that the guys sitting beside us barely touched their cheese curds, and I'm guessing that may have been the reason.
Every time you take a bite, your mouth fills with oil.
I'm such a cheese lover, so you can imagine how disappointed I was.
My favorite part of the meal was my fish sandwich - although I think using a softer bread for contrast would have worked better than the crunchy toast they used.
Flavors were good, maybe they were off on the cheese curds that day (needed to drain the oil longer?
)...unfortunately, I won't have the chance to return (out of towner) to give them another chance.

Loved this place.
Excellent service by all the bartenders.
We were waited on right away in this busy place.
Excellent beer selections andthe bartenders make a mean old fashioned.
Our food (the fish fry and the pork shoulder sandwich) were both very tasty.
Makes me sad that I don't live near Madison.

Cheese curds are the best I've ever had.
The #29 burger is great as well.
Huge beer and liquor selection.
Always a long wait and is loud but worth it.

