Master Chef Julian Serrano's French-Mediterranean cuisine simply kicks ass.
Better than Charlie Trotter's in Chicago.
Every time we go every part of every meal is excellent.
It is pricey, so it would be a great place to take your wife or girlfriend while in Las Vegas.
Maybe for your business clients/partners too.

This was the first five-diamond restaurant in Las Vegas and essentially started the celebrity chef wars in Las Vegas.
That is, after this restaurant came out casinos started to grow out of their $5 buffet strategies and moved into recruiting heavy-hitters from the culinary world on to the strip.
After all these years and all the moves, Picasso is still a player on the Las Vegas food scene.

oh WOW.
i will continue the tradition and rate picasso with 5 stars.
decadent, extravagent, fabulous.
i recommend doing the smaller version of the tasting menu.
let me tell you, i eat and eat and eat and NEVER leave food on my plate but BOY was i having a hard time fitting all this rich food in my partying belly.
the warm quail salad was interesting, the sea bass delicious and the halibut heavenly.
everything just melted in my mouth.
i dont even know what the side dishes were, they were fancy schmancy.
for dessert i had the poached pears with creme and cinnamon.
DAMN!!!!
good thing i left some room for dessert.
also tasted the molten chocolate cake and rhubarb tart dessert which were excellent.
word of advice:  do what i did and have your parents or someone else who will pay take you to picasso.
if i had paid for myself i'd be evicted right now.

Ah Picasso, probably one of the few true restaurants in Las Vegas.
I visited this establishment last year with a few coworkers (we're all in the food industry) and were shocked to find that it was like no other "Vegas Restaurant".
But of course, Julian Serrano is at the helm here.
We had the tasting menu and everything was absolutely delicious.
Our sommilier was very knowledgable and the dishes came out one after another with barely any waiting in between.
This is one Vegas restaurant that I will definitely revisit.

It's been over two years now, so I cannot review the food in detail.
However, let me review this place, the service, the vibe.
The service was impeccable.... absolutely impeccable.
The decor was out of this world, with beautiful tables, set apart far enough from each other, in such a way that every table can view the majestic fountain show in the Bellagio pool on the strip.
The food... let's just say this is one of my top 10 restaurants of all time.
The food was just amazing!
Wine list was steep...
Entry level was $100 and went up from there.
It was well worth it, however, and would go back to Picasso in a heartbeat.
Note that nobody seems to have mentioned that this place actually displays original Picasso paintings in the dining room.

If I had to give a rating based on food and pricing alone, I would have to give this place 3 stars.
However, because we chose outside seating, we got one of the best views possible from any restaurant (Dare I say... one of the best in the world?).
I would probably say it was worth the price just from the view alone- we had a front row seat for the Bellagio fountain water show, and eating in that atmosphere, watching the show and taking in the view of Las Vegas is an experience I won't soon be forgetting.
The food was--- not up to my expectations.
Maybe I had really high expectations because of all the 5 star reviews from yelpers and friends.
We had the $95/person tasting course, and I have had better food at other restaurants that were less pricey.
The fish all tasted a like, and the meat was kind of dry.
The oysters, however, were fantastic.
As for dessert... too sweet in my opinion.
The wines were waaay over-priced, but I guess that is what you can expect at this kind of ritsy restaurant.
The service was okay as well.
Of course, they never let your water glass reach emptiness, and they bring your food while it is hot.
They smile politely and make polite conversation.
However, it just felt like they were doing their job (which I am sure they were) and not really too "genuine" and warm.
I am super-happy I got to have this experience though!..
like I said, the view from the outside balcony/courtyard (however they call it) is just delicious :).

One of the best restaurants that I have been to in Vegas.
I haven't been here in a year or so but a couple dishes still stand out in my mind.
They had this poached oyster dish  and seafood sausage thing that was just out of this world.
I'm salivating just thinking about it.
Be prepared to spend a little cash but it is so worth it.
You pay for the view of the Picasso's inside as well as the view of the fountains outside.
Once you finish dinner, you can always have a seat on their patio and enjoy a few more fountain shows.

This was an amazing dining experience.
I had the Menu Degustation with the filet mignon of Japanese Kobe beef.
Dinner for two was about as much as some people pay for rent, but this is luxury.
You're treated like a king-- service is great but never intrusive.
I felt like my date and I were alone in the restaurant!
Appetizer: Tiny shot of cream of carrot soup, smoked salmon on fried wonton with creme fraiche and caviar.
Tasty!
Course 1: Maine lobster salad.
Not really what I would consider a salad-- more like a handful of lobster with some watercress on top.
Delicious!
Course 2: Scallop on top of tiny asparagus with Hollandaise sauce.
DELICIOUS.
Course 3: Foie Gras.
From what I could tell, cooked very well-- but very filling.
Course 4: Japanese Kobe beef filet with vegetable ragout.
Your filet mignon at Outback hasn't had haiku read to it!
Dessert: Apple cinnamon beignets.
Disturbingly larger than most of the other courses.
I think this is just to make sure you're full.
Bonus: little plate of petit fours.

I really wanted to love this place.
Sure, everyone likes being contrary once in a while, but it's gotten pretty old to me.
I don't like whipped cream or the OC or Will Ferrell, so I sometimes feel very ostracized.
This means that when everyone says a restaurant is going to be amazing, I really want it to be amazing.
And, for the most part, Picasso was.
The amuse-bouche (formally known to me as the small amount of free food you get at the beginning of a really fancy meal) was a doll's sized cup of roasted pepper soup, and smoked salmon on the side topped with a tiny bit of tiny caviar.
I'm completely obsessed with smoked salmon either way but I'm pretty sure this was high quality.
The wine was also good and in general the degustation menu was stunning (though, of course, also doll's sized): lobster salad with truffle-apple-champagne vinaigrette (and I usually hate things with apple besides plain apples) followed by grilled foie gras, then roasted lamb (my choice), and then dessert.
To me the foie gras was overpowering.
Accompanied by a small block of quince and a few miniscule huckleberries, it should have been light and rich at the same time.
Usually when I eat foie gras, it's so delicious that I forget all the horror stories about how it's made, but this was so pungent and creamy that I couldn't stop thinking about those little geese being cruelly overfed.
The lamb I had was quite delicious, though a few of the pieces were overcooked (I ordered it rare).
For that step of the menu my boyfriend chose turbot, which was definitely overcooked.
It's one thing to slightly overcook red meat, but I think it's basically criminal to overcook nice fish at a very fancy restaurant.
This is going to sound crazy--and fine, it is--but my two main problems were with the bread and the service.
The bread was mediocre!
It's so easy to get delicious bread and warm it up before you serve it!
The quality of this bread fell somewhere between the free bread you get when you buy soup and the bread you can buy for half off at the end of the day.
In other words, it wasn't terrible, but it was nowhere near delicious.
The service was weird.
It's like there were all these people running around who worked there but could not see us.
They did a great job with the whole "I see you trying to get my attention but something extremely important is happening six inches behind you and just to your left" thing.
Normally I don't mind this--I love being left alone--but it took us a while to be allowed to order, and all the food took a long time to come, and the only time we really got attention was right before we got our bill.
In my paranoid moments I think we got this service b/c we only ordered one glass of wine.
I'm happy to report that the desserts were delicious.
We had the apple whatever beignets everyone talks about, and loved them, and then also this blueberry parfait thing that came with lemon cream and blueberry sorbet and slightly orange-flavored thin cookies.
I would recommend eating here if someone is taking you out to eat; otherwise, I'd try Sensi instead (also in the Bellagio).

I celebrated my birthday here and I couldn't have picked a better place.
The food was as delicious as you'd expect from such an upscale restaurant, but what really sets Picasso apart is the experience itself.
From the fountain views and the Picassos on the wall to the best service I think I've ever had, this is absolutely amazing evening.
Vegas is all about the explosion of opulence, too much is never enough, but Picasso manages to be just enough, everything exquisite but never overblown.

Really lovely restaurant with a gorgeous view of the fountains and original Picasso paintings decorating the opulent dining room.
Beautiful floral arrangements, excellent service, wonderful food and a fabulous selection of single malt Scotch.
What's not to love?
I chose the three course with wine pairings and had...  Poached Oysters, garnished with Osetra Caviar, Sauce Vermouth --this was one of the most spectacular things I've ever tasted.
Creamy and sweet, with the slightly salty crunch of caviar.
Amazing.
Paired with a French white (Chardonnay/Chablis)  Ragout of Seasonal Vegetables with Fresh Foie Gras and Jus de Poularde --perfectly cooked crisp-tender bits of fresh tricolor beets, brussels sprout and other winter vegetables tossed with slices of seared foie.
Earthy and wonderful.
Paired with a light, floral Alsatian Gewurtz.
Milk Fed Veal Chop with Rosemary Potatoes ...    --juicy and tender, very delicate in flavor.
I could not even come close to finishing it all.
did finish the wine though... a Domaine Serene Pinot ...04 I beleive.
Oregon Pinot is always a weakness.
Dessert was a blueberry and lemon concotion featuring sorbet, mousse and a sort of ... deconstructed tart with paper thin crisp pastry cookies and not quite a lemon curd...thicker and richer.
It was really beautiful and light.
Again, I couldn't finish it all but it was delicious.
My dining companions dish of aged lamb was also a standout.
I was very curious about that and it was quite good.
Not at all gamey, just tender and rich.
I would urge anyone to try it.
I've not eaten everywhere in Vegas, but comparing it to the top notch places I've dined elsewhere... this has to be one of the best in the city.
I will definitely return.

Maybe it's because most of my other meals in Vegas have been pedestrian at best, and much worse generally.
But I think Picasso may be that good.
Having a real chef (Julian Serrano, formerly of Masa's in SF) is what it takes for good cooking, not some celebrity who consults.
See L'Atelier de Joel Rubichon, for example.
Choke.
(I'm spoiled living in SF, where good ingredients at the local taqueria are de rigeur.
)  I thought the meal was extraordinary, and accommodating.
(We had a big group flying in from San Francisco, and our reservations were for our first night, and our flight was very delayed.
But when we arrived, we had a fantastic table with views of the fountain, and it was a wonderful evening.
Very personal (down to the chef hanging out with us at the end), and I loved the service (a big point with me:  friendly, normal service is a good thing!
Icy condescension?
Not so good.
)  I also thought the dining room was very agreeable.
I guess it's that guy Picasso.
He's pretty good.

Not so long ago, Picasso was frequently cited as one of the best, if not the best, restaurant in Las Vegas.
It has since been surpassed, but remains a delight.
The worst of my courses was good, and two of the courses (roasted foie gras steak; warm chocolate fondant with peanut brittle ice cream) were excellent.
It's not just that each course is so good; each of the components of a course is good.
Add in the paintings, beautiful floral displays, and the Bellagio fountains, and you've got a winner.
The menu is fixed price, offering either a four or five course meal.
Wine pairings are available.
The space is beautiful, with Picasso's (what else) gracing the walls.
Huge floral displays add to the beauty.
Lastly, there's a view of the Bellagio fountains.
Service is efficient and friendly, and the wine steward does a great job of explaining each wine.
We started out with olive bread (very good) and an amuse bouche of smoked salmon with Osetra caviar, finely diced cucumber, all on some sort of thin baked cracker - also very good.
I got the menu degustation plus a wine pairing - 2 and 1/2 ounces of four wines, one for each course except dessert.
I had: * Jonah Crab Salad: a small amount of fine bits of crab in a very light vinaigrette.
Very good.
* Diver scallop: a single large sauteed scallop sitting in a pool of potato mousseline and another sauce.
* Roasted foie gras steak.
This was superb!
The best I've had.
Slightly crisp, super flavorful, melt in your mouth.
* Turbot with mushroom duxelles - excellent.
The fish was flavorful and moist.
The mushroom duxelles were also delicious.
* Warm chocolate fondant with peanut brittle ice cream.
The ice cream was excellent.
The fondant - a thin, crispy, small cupcake filled with semi-liquid chocolate.
Both the cupcake and the filling had wonderfully rich, intense, dark chocolate.
This was to die for - perhaps the best dessert I've ever had.
* The meal ended with a few small cookies.
Picasso offers a winning combination of food, atmosphere and service, at a price which no longer seems so extravagant when compared to some of the newer restaurants in town.

I loved this place, mainly because I dined on somebody else's dime.
I have to the service was impeccable and the atmosphere was hard to beat -- complete with authentic, original paintings by Picasso on the walls.
I'm not a fan of prefixe menus, especially as a vegetarian.
I specifically  remember they did not make a big effort to accomodate me, but what food I did have was great.
The dessert was out of this world.
I had some sort of sampler -- or maybe I just ordered everything on the menu -- either way, it was incredible.
All in all, a good dining experience, that I don't feel the need to repeat.

Dining at Picasso is an experience you will never forget.
At least I won't.
I can honestly say that the dinner I enjoyed at Picasso was the best I have had so far in my life, without question.
I dined at Picasso in October 2006.
I was at the Bellagio for a convention and decided to give it a try.
At that particular time the chef was featuring a five course Alba White Truffle Menu, in which every dish featured these little treasures.
The meal was $300 and I splurged and purchased the wine pairings for an extra $150.
It was well worth it.
It was so memorable that I saved the menu.
The first course was a warm potato Vichyssoise with steamed leeks and potato gnocchi, paired with a 2001 Franz Hirtzberger Pluris Grauburgunder Smaragd.
The second, and my favorite course, was a creamy arborio risotto with jus de veau, paired with a 2003 Jermann Vintage Tunina.
The risotto was just unbelievably creamy and pleasantly pungent.
The third course was butternut squash ravioli with a 2004 Yves Cuilleron, Les Chaillets.
This was my favorite wine of the evening.
The fourth course was a prime filet mignon with a 2001 Bodegas y Vinedos Alion.
Then, the dessert: caramel orange bread pudding with poached Bartlett pears, muscat syrup and pear sorbet, paired with a 2003 Vaickenburg Madonna Eiswein.
Soooooo good!
The ambiance was sophisticated and elegant; I particularly enjoyed admiring the original Picassos that adorn the walls.
The service was impeccable; I particuarly enjoyed our somellier and his vivid descriptions of each region where our wines came from.
I just can't think of a better combination of fantastic food, outstanding wine, and first-rate service.
As you would expect at the Bellagio, Picasso is not for the faint-of-wallet.
But it is worth every penny.

Two things stick in my mind about Picasso:  1. it's one of the few restaurants where I find every bite to be worth the price, 2. it's also one of the very very few restaurants that I leave hungry after having dined there!!!
(To be fair, we've been there only twice, and while we left hungry both times, both times were quite a while ago;  things may have changed since then.
Or not.

An exceptional experience.
Ambiance can simply not be beat (surrounded by 50 + million dollars worth of Picasso originals, elegantly appointed space and a clear view of the Bellagio's famous fountain and light show).
You can choose from two menus- the Prix Fixe, which is three courses (I believe), for $105 per person.
Or you can choose the 5 course tasting menu.
Both FI and I chose the tasting menu and, after perusing the encyclopedia-sized wine list, decided to go with the wine pairing.
Since there are so many reviews, I'm just going to go over the hi lights:  1.
Foie Gras and sauteed peaches paired with a deliciously sweet Hungarian wine to balance the richness of the FG.
I've usually had FG in something or as a spread.
This was a generously portioned piece "straight up.
" Presentation was outstanding.
Scallop on whipped potatoes with veal reduction.
I would have thought that the veal reduction would have overpowered the scallop- not so.
Scallop was perfectly caramelized and the potatoes melted in your mouth.
Dessert - vanilla bean crepes with cream cheese gelato.
Presented as crepe "purses" ties with cocoa bean over raspberry puree with a chocolate hoop giving the dish a 3D look.
Sommelier and general service:  Sommelier personally explained each wine pairing, answered all questions and selected a diverse and balanced collection to accompany our dishes.
Bravo!
Service was attentive and upscale without being intrusive or arrogant.
I will say that there was only one small issue that we had: There was a lot of lag time between the amuse bouche and our first course.
Almost an hour.
The waiter even brought us a book about the restaurant to pass the time.
This was both odd and amusing.
Once the courses started, however, all was well.

Visit number two to the OG fine dining restaurant in Las Vegas.
It's been here for a while, and actually is a great deal in comparison to the restaurants out there.
Am I ever lucky enough at the roulette or craps tables to shell out $350 at Joel Robuchon?
Not really.
So Picasso it is.
It is a restaurant in a museum.
It's strange dining with Picasso paintings.
It's not overbearing though, and doesn't really hit you until you take a picture in front of one and review it later.
And the food is great too.
Ordered the 5 course degustation menu.
Amuse Bouche:  Chilled white asparagus soup with almond and chive garnish; Smoked salmon with caviar.
Loved both dishes.
First Course: King crab salad with apple vinaigrette.
Quite tasty.
Light and elegant.
The sweetness of the crab came through well.
Second Course: U-10 Day boat scallop with potato puree.
Surprisingly heavy.
Last time, I had this dish was amazingly light and fluffy.
This coin-sized scallop ate almost like a steak.
Though, it was still quite good.
I remembered it as the best scallop ever, but I guess I'll have to revise my thoughts on this one.
Third Course:  Foie gras with Peach garnish, with Muscat reduction.
I loved this dish the first time I was there, I loved it again.
Hands down, they can make the best one.
Somehow.
Coupled with a Royal Tokaji dessert wine from Hungary made this so brilliant.
Main Course: Roasted lamb loin with vegetable ragout.
Honestly, this was a miss.
I wished I had ordered the turbot.
I believe the strength of Serrano's dishes are in seafood.
I missed the boudin that I had last time.
I missed the lobster salad.
Oh well, maybe next time.
Dessert: Torte with cherry mousse and cherry sorbet.
Tasty.
Black forest cake, taken to the nth level.
Still 5 stars though.
For the food price relative to the market, it's still one of the best deals for fine dining in Vegas.
View is unbeatable, seeing both the Bellagio fountains every half hour, and dining with Picasso paintings.
Out of the 4 trips a year I make to Vegas, I'll probably be back, about once a year.

This is the best meal I've ever had.
We went in a party of 9 and took part in the 5 course tasting menu.
There were actually two sides to the menu, and each had a couple choices per course.
Wine pairings were offered for each course.
The selection allowed for each to choose what he really wanted to try out.
The Warm Quail Salad was spectacular.
Each item was perfectly crisp -- including two beautifully cooked drummettes.
A piece of lettuce was a revelation.
I never knew how special attention to every detail can be so important.
The Ragout of Seasonal Vegetables was lovely.
Again, perfectly cooked vegetables, great attention to each piece.
Did we forget to mention the foie gras?
My first experience with the stuff, and I enjoyed it highly.
For the meat course, I had lamb.
It was, again, very good, though possibly over cooked.
Indeed, other party members had overcooked fish during this course.
However, at this point I didn't care.
The au gratin may have been the cheesiest thing I've ever consumed.
It was too powerful!
(I asked the watier what was in there, and he mentioned some spanish cheese similar to manchego.
)  Dessert.
Well, I was already stuffed, but we couldn't say no.
I had the chocolate lava cake with cassis ice cream.
Just... wow.
I did not take part in the wine pairing, but everyone else did, and they seemed to enjoy them very much.
Our waiter (who seemed to be our personal waiter even though we knew that not to be the case) could speak about the wines in great detail.
In fact, he could speak to each and every dish, as well.
The service overall was excellent.
You ordered once, and they did everything from there.
No questions asked.
If something came up, the waiter addressed only my friend who had made the reservation in a whisper so as not to distract the rest of us from our meal.
When courses were to be presented, several waiters showed up at the same time with all dishes, and they knew who got which dish without hassle.
It truly was professional, to the point of placing dishes on one side and removing from the other.
They run a tight ship.
It's impossible for me not to recommend Picasso.
There were some problems, yes, but the standard for the food was so high, and the service so excellent, that you owe it to yourself to go.
It was definitely worth it.

This place was great, amazing food, original Picasso art work  on the walls, and awesome service made it an experience i will be going back to the next chance I get.
A little on the pricey side but worth dishing out the dough if you want an evening to remember.

Love love love this restaurant.
This is my first upscale French restaurant.
Although I have traveled  to Paris and many other countries.
I have to say this this is truly one of the best dining experience in my life.
My husband took me here in July 2007.
I still reminisce about the food.
Every bite of it is delicate, scrumptious, heavenly.
In a way, this experience has opened me up to being a snob though.
I don't like things sub-par now.

OK.  After reading SO many great reviews for this place, the wife and I finally splurged and came here.
It certainly is a great restaurant.
Ambiance, service, food quality, presentation etc had everything that shows it really is a 5 star restaurant.
I am definitely glad I came to experience it once.
We got a nice patio table for the fountain show (4 an hour) which was fun.
But for me, it felt like a place that would pretty much only be a one time thing.
It wasn't the best food experience of my life but it was excellent.
I guess I would compare it to having a one night fling with a famous movie star cuz they're a famous movie star.

A true superstar of a restaurant in one of the best resorts in the world, Bellagio's Picasso goes the yardage to ensure you have the meal of a lifetime.
I will admit I was a little skeptical at first, but it does live up to its hype and there is something truly decadent dining amongst millions of dollars of Picasso's fine art.
The service here was incredible, the ambience stellar, and the fountains of Bellagio were magical.
Most definitely a meal to remember!!

Eating here is a life-changing experience unless you were to the manor born.
I wish there was a little more granularity in the Yelp rating system -- there's 5 stars and then there's these sorts of singular experiences.
I've only been here once and it could be said I'm still paying off the tab, but what a night.
Picture it:  Las Vegas, 2003.
It was right after Thanksgiving; Herself and I were young, in love, and wanted a night to remember.
We go to the Bellagio concierge desk and ask for a restaurant recommendation.
She takes out the big book of all the menus and we browse.
Picasso stands out, but I do not remember the prices being on the menu (and yes I do know better).
The computer says they're full but she calls over anyway and they'll make room for us in the early seating.
I still regret not knowing how to give her a tip.
Herself starts getting ready and I go for a swim to make room for dinner.
It's late November in Vegas and the wind is cold -- I lost as many calories from shivering as I did from the deliberate aerobic activity.
6:30 is on us in a flash.
We descend the escalator into the depths of the Bellagio's north wing.
They really should require jackets here, but I got in anyway.
They put us in the back.
Of course, "in the back" was filled with museum quality art.
Not to be indelicate, but there was even a Picasso print in the bathroom.
Late fall brings the white truffle tasting menu and the "usual" menu degustation.
We go one of each and I have the suggested wines.
I'll never be a real foodie because I can't recall the specifics of either of our meals, but she remembers her main course was filet migon resting on a bit of truffle oil coated goodness.
I had a quince tart for dessert and hers was a poached pear with a white truffle creme anglaise.
When you think of fine dining service, you're thinking of Picasso.
More effort was put into the delivery of our meal than into most of the new houses being rapidly knocked up around Las Vegas.
The head waiter/sommelier didn't make me feel bad for going for eau de Lake Mead rather than Pellegrino (I don't think they had come up with artisinal water yet).
He also took the time to explain each glass of wine he brought over to me.
When Herself asked why the table of Japanese hipsters were having their wine poured into a separate glass serving vessel thing, I explained what little I knew about decanting.
I asked if the bottle they were having really was that old and bunged up with sediment, the sommelier said no, but it was $600 so he felt like he should give them the full monty.
I never was made to feel out of place.
I had the dreaded "can you come and talk to the credit card company" walk of shame up to the host stand, but I worked it out.
Considering how expensive Vegas is now, the price scales pretty well and the wine pairings weren't out of line with what you'd pay in a lesser establishment.
While I do okay for myself, my dining choices really should stay more in the In-N-Out and Pluto's line.
But Vegas is like LA, except worse.
When in Rome, engage in conspicuous consumption.
Suspend reality, clean yourself up, and try to get a table.
It would be nice to sit by the windows, though.
And next time, I'm going to wander around and soak up every piece of art, even if it's rude.

Just awful... mediocre dishes for an over-rated dining experience.
Perhaps this dates me, but if you slightly remember the show "In Living Color," their service gets a big fat...
HATED IT!
Read my reviews and you'd know that I've had my fair share of 5-diamond, 4-figure dining experiences for two.
This certainly was no 5-diamond, perhaps a cubic zirconia would be more appropriate.
Why, you ask?
...Well, overall, there was a lack luster of service.
Aside from Robert Smith, the master sommelier, which seemed to make us feel like he really cared, no one gave us the time of day.
(Definitely not typical of 18-point Gault Millau, 2-star Michelin caliber.
)  We had reservations for 6:30, for a party of three, and requested for a lakeview, upon calling.
Instead, we got the closest thing to the door, with the third person facing the entry so all the world could see what he was eating.
l noticed that there were several available tables for the same number seating.
So, I asked the hostess for a different table.
She immediately said, we have nothing available.
(Whaa?
Not even a "let me go see what I can do" and pretend to ask the head host.
)  So, we asked them to move the third seat to against the entry, which would somewhat enclose our "eating circle.
"  We went for the $110 tasting and $65 per person pairing.
OMG!
From one plate to the next, they were pushy.
This gave us the impression that it wasn't a 5-diamond experience, but a cheap Chinese restaurant that's constantly trying to get you out of the door and pay your bill ASAP.
One person didn't know what the other was doing, forgetting requests like lime or a sherry with dessert.
If it wasn't for the "break" we requested before dessert and stepped out onto the patio for a full fountain show and Cuban cigars, we would have choked.
Lastly, or perhaps, I should have started with this.
I couldn't even believe that they DIDN'T ASK "Does anyone have any allergies?
" ...which is pretty standard for a restaurant of that gauge.
I had to walk over to our table waiter (yes, I had to walk over because they never seemed to stick around long enough to listen or even noted that you were giving them the eye) and inform him that my boyfriend had a nut allergy.
To cap off this dinner, I inquired with the Bellagio on whom was the current manager.
They informed me that it was Gilles Kolakowski, to which I wrote a letter of my displeasure.
And, much to my dismay, we didn't even get an apology.
In fact, I never heard back from them.
===============================================  Oh, and if I may judged it strictly on the plate, it's still a one star.
First course: The lobster salad was OK, absolutely nothing spectacular.
Second course: The seared scallop was cooked well, but the potato sail was uncomplimentary in flavour... perhaps Chef Serrano placed it there for texture, but it was more distracting in flavour.
...And, that's not good!
Third course: I admit they do have the best foie gras in Vegas.
But, that's all.
Fourth course: The bass was over cooked, very tough.
And, I can't believe that they served this course in a 5-in tall (plain white) bowl!
The fish had a sauce, but it wasn't soup.
Thoughts like, "Did they run out of plates?!
" ran through my head.
Fifth course: Ordered "the custard" trusting the chef and his staff to redeem themselves.
However, unsurprising, the dish gave all my senses the impression that it was decadent flourless chocolate cake.
Obviously, they gave me the wrong order.
DECADENCE DOES NOT SUBSTITUTE FOR INCOMPETENCE.
Save yourself the few hundred dollars and hit the tables instead.
The hospitality and service is better there, tenfold.
=============================================== Several people tell me that they've gone and had a better experience.
All I have to say to that is... the mark of a good restaurant is consistency.
Food and service should always be top notch, and I didn't find either on my visit.
Also, I read that Robert Smith was nominated by the James Beard Foundation for best sommelier this year.
He didn't win, but perhaps this awful restaurant had something to do with it.... lmao.

I have the pleasure and good fortune to eat at a few true five star restaurants, including the French Laundry.
I really thought Picasso was right up there.
The food was gorgeous--not fussy gorgeous--approachable gorgeous.
Every bite was delightful.
The wine pairings were spot on, and presented with much knowledge--better than at the French Laundry!
A favorite part of the whole meal was the cheese plate, which was huge and varied.
Staff was friendly, patient, flexible, and efficient, and not pretentious.
The Picasso art borders on intimidating, but is really nice.
Everything here delights the senses, but, of course, robs the wallet.
I see a lot of reviews suggest this is a one time place, but for me, I would go back if I get the chance.
The menu changes with the seasons, and I am sure each time would be unique.

My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!
The food was awesome and the wine pairing was to die for.
If you can't afford to sit at the $100 black jack table, you might think twice before coming here.
It was our anniversary so we decided to splurge and it was well worth it!
I would try to make a reservation ahead of time and get a table by the water.
Its simply awesome view.

Service, service, service.
That is what this restaurant is all about.
Honestly, I don't even remember what we had, but I do know that the prix fixe menu was incredible.
I can't stop raving about it - but I couldn't even tell you what I ate!
The service was amazing.
A friendly and helpful staff that was discrete and quick.
I remember the plates were small - definitely one of those places that you'd laugh when you saw the little tidbit sitting on your platter of a plate, but every morsel was a dream.
And after all the courses, you do not leave hungry.
One of the best dining experiences I've ever had in Las Vegas.

This is the third multi-michelin star place i have been to so i feel like i can give a good comparison.
The service here was the best service i've ever received at a restaurant.
At best other places give great service with 5 people serving you .
Picasso is the only restaurant who gives excellent service with one primary contact.
I had the prix fixe menu.
I had oysters with caviar (excellent, the caviar complimented the oysters wonderfully), boudin of lobster/shrimp/scallops (disappointing, shrimp overpowered the dish), fallow deer (excellent, the best dish of the night), the cinnamon apple tart (there was too much cinnamon).
Below are some tips at nice restaurants based on silly customers i watched:  1) DON'T ASK FOR MEAT MORE COOKED THAN MEDIUM-RARE.
They are going to give you the crappy meat.
When you overcook meat, you are not judging the meat quality, it all tastes the same.
2) ASK THE WAITER FOR GUIDANCE.
They know the entrees, they will help.
3) PUT YOUR CELL PHONE ON VIBRATE.
4) Ask the waiter where different meats come from.
It is a good differentiator to make yourself sound intelligent.
5) The wine pairings are essential on menu degustation or prix fixe meals.
Trust in the sommelier.

Fabulous food + fabulous service.
Elegant atmosphere, but not stuffy.
I had their 5-course tasting menu menu but opted for the kobe steak special they had that day as my main course.
It was an extra $120, but it was worth it.
The sommelier was very helpful and assisted us in picking out a white wine that we all thoroughly enjoyed.
Also, I shamelessly gobbled up the olive bread that they kept bringing around.

My sister really wanted to come here after reading all the reviews...and Picasso really did live up to all its praises.
The restaurant setting was really pretty and serene; everything you would expect from a fine restaurant.
Service was excellent and efficient; no complaints there.
There were four of us dining and we all ordered something different, which was neat because we kinda got a sampler taste of everything.
The food was divine!
All the flavors were delicious and food quality was excellent.
My husband got the wine pairing and the wines were excellent and went with the food perfectly.
If you are looking to splurge a bit on yourself (or on someone else's dime), this place is a great treat.

They do not have just one Picasso- the restaurant has them on every wall.
But this is not a theme restaurant the food is worth the trip.
I think the difference between the best and the rest is magic...something about the food, the service, the atmosphere that makes it an experience.
Something was missing here- the food was very good, the atmosphere was beautiful with the Bellagio fountains outside and the Picasso's, the service was really good.
The staff was relaxed but still professional, the busers were the stars responding to needs before I realized.
But if I was in Vegas for a special meal I would spend the extra money and go to Joel Robuchon at the MGM.
Can't get in there- then Picasso is a great second option.
Both offer veggie tasting menu's and cater to all kinds of can't eat issues like dairy, nuts, etc.
You can request a table by the window and really enjoy the fountain show that runs all night.

How appropriate that the half-brilliant food at Picasso should so closely resemble the minor-league paintings, courtesy of the restaurant's namesake, that grace the walls of this mostly adequate fine-dining establishment located "lakeside" at the Bellagio Hotel.
You might think that I'd have felt cheated having been presented with such inauspicious works from an artist who's membership in "The Pantheon" is so rightfully secure.
You would be wrong, however, to make that assertion.
In my mind, even the least-interesting Picasso still veritably hums with the genius that has conferred upon him the status as a near-consensus choice as the single most important artist of the modern era.
And just as one must, in the course of appreciating the art, ignore the piggish chauvinism that the artist himself exhibited during his reign... one must likewise ignore the missteps that mar the canvas of Chef Julian Serrano's menu if one is to be receptive to the more vivid charms that are in evidence.
The space itself is quite lovely.
Rich and sumptuous, with dim lighting that is punctuated by spotlights shining down on both the tables and the million-dollar canvasses that line 3 of the surrounding walls.
The fourth wall opens up onto the aforementioned "lake" and its ever-present circus of projectile choreography.
As cheap a thrill as it is, I must confess an abiding fondness for this brand of contemporary Vegas kitsch.
You would do well to note that the fountains are freakin' LOUD, though... and if you are the skittish type you might ask for a table a little farther away from the sideshow.
Our meal commenced with an amuse of boiled quail egg and smoked salmon on a skewer served with a small cup of leek and potato soup garnished with slivered almonds.
The skewer was rich and silky, with the appropriate notes of salt and smoke, and the soup was earthy and luscious, the almonds providing good textural contrast.
My first course was a bowl of butternut squash soup, (a holdover from the fall/winter menu perhaps?
)  Regardless, it was cloying and unremarkable.
It was helped, slightly, by the addition of some tasty bread and butter but on the whole it left me with that arched-eyebrow "Oh Lord, here-we-go" look of disappointment that I sometimes get.
Yes, sometimes.
REALLY, it's only SOMETIMES!!
Stop hitting me in the shoulder, dammit!
Second course found me sizing up a dish of langoustine tails with asparagus in a saffron broth.
Sounds delicious, right?
Well in this case everything clicked and I'm happy to report that delicious is exactly what it was.
A brilliant little piece of chamber music on a plate.
A richly satisfying meditation of harmony and balance and if I weren't such a neurotic snob I would have licked my plate clean.
In my shame I must confess that the best I could do was to sop up the remaining broth with more of that tasty bread.
For the main course I selected the veal chop and for the most part was happy I did.
The chop itself was delicate and toothsome.
My only complaint is that the pan jus upon which it rested was lifeless and ordinary.
Pan jus is one of those things that, when done properly, can elevate a simple dish toward unexpected heights.
Such an elixir should be part of every great chef's arsenal but on the night in question it's addition did little more than color the plate.
Pity.
My friends and I decided to supplement our menu with a plate of the night's special meat, an offering of Kobe beef, which we felt necessary to compliment the fine bordeaux and Rioja we had assembled.
When it was presented to the table, however, it was distressingly overdone.
Not even borderline, mind you, but just short of grey-all-the-way-through.
How it even made it out of the kitchen is a puzzle I am sure I will never decode.
To their faint credit, the offending dish was whisked away and replaced with a suitably-cooked replacement.
That said, the beef was only great, falling well short of the magnificence that it should have shown.
What a disappointing, yet somehow fitting metaphor for the overall experience.
One aspect I feel compelled to note is the incredibly gracious treatment shown to us by the Head Sommelier, Robert.
We brought our own wines and he really went the extra mile in creating a superb experience.
If only the restaurant as a whole had manifest such careful attentions I imagine I would have expected nothing less than the Young Ladies of Avignon to grace the walls.
As it was, the wine service was enough to catapult Picasso in my esteem to 4-star status.
And if you hit it really big at the tables, ask Robert to open one of the 1947 Cheval Blancs he has in the cellar.
Just be sure to let me know what time the reservation is.

I really find most Vegas restaurants lackluster and like knock offs of the original which fail to impress in one way or another.
However, after eating at Picasso the other night my eyes have been opened to a restaurant in Vegas that knows how to execute a great meal.
We did the tasting menu with the wine pairing and the food and pairings were spot on.
The sommelier, Robert was interesting in the fact that he told you facts about the wine made the experience educational and fun.
I really liked the room, lighting and the paintings of course make it hard to not be impressed by.
My only complaint would be that sometimes the food was brought to the table and just put down without telling us the components.
I hate that - but that was a very slight negative.

The five course set menu started off with an amuse bouche that consisted of a boiled quail egg and smoked salmon topped off with some caviar.
This bite was accompanied with a small cup of corn bisque with slivered almonds.
It was an excellent start to whet the palate.
The bisque was perfect and the almonds provided a nice crunchy contrast to the smooth texture of the bisque.
As for the rest of the meal, it was pretty good.
First course was the Maine Lobster Salad with Apple-Champagne Vinaigrette.
The salad had huge pieces of lobster meat and it was accompanied with tiny four tiny balls that were made of different melons and avocado.
The pink peppercorns sprinkled about the dish also provided a nice sweet explosion of taste.
Excellent!
Second course was the Pan Seared Nantucket Scallop with Potato Mousseline and Jus de Veau.
The scallop was the most perfectly cooked scallop I've ever had.
It was just the right texture without being too rubbery in the middle and perfectly seared on the outside.
However, couple people complained about some gritty sand in the last few bites.
The potato chip provided a cool umbrella-like decoration but was nothing special otherwise.
Excellent!
Third course was the Sauted Foie Gras with Rhubarb and Crushed Roasted Walnuts.
I actually thought this was a really nice dish because the liver was very nice and buttery and tasted almost like a super tender cut of steak (I've never had foie gras).
But I guess the girls thought the livery and fatty taste was just too much.
The rhubarb provided a nice sweet, sour, and bitter taste and I loved the walnuts that added a nutty component to the dish.
Excellent!
The fourth course was Roasted Aged Lamb Loin with some type of bean.
This was kind of disappointing for a main dish.
It was nothing special and the loin was a little bit chewy.
The other main dish was halibut, which was also just decent.
I didn't like how the loin sat in a soupy pool of beans.
Average.
The fifth and last course was a bunch of desserts that we all kind of shared.
I got the Walnut Tart with Brled Bananas, which was also just average.
The other chocolate desserts were too dense and rich.
Average.
The dinner ended with some small pieces of candies and chocolates which were nice.
The service was also pretty good except one time when I left to use the restroom, they took my napkin, but didn't replace it.
The meal was $156 a person for the five course set meal, which was overpriced compared to other fine dining restaurants I've had for that quality of food, but I guess it's Vegas so it's expected and everything is inflated.
As we left, they gave us these nice boxes that had butterfly cookies inside, which was also pretty cool.
All in all, a nice experience, but not the best fine dining restaurant per value I've been to.

My friends and I had one of the most wonderful dining experiences here last Saturday.
We had a great view of the lake and water show as well as the Picasso paintings in the restaurant.
Since they offered two menus, two of us decided to try each one in order to share with one another so we could experience as many dishes as possible.
The wait staff could tell that we wanted to enjoy our meal, so there was never any pressure to rush through each course.
Instead, they were quite friendly and accommodating as we attempted to pass plates and rushed over to pass them for us!
Everything we consumed was absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection...our dinner ended up taking three hours.
The best part was that we received a complimentary croquette appetizer to start off our meal, dessert candies at the end of our meal and beautifully boxed palmier cookies as we left the restaurant!
I love unexpected free stuff :-)

I was just in Vegas with my boyfriend and we loved this place!
The food was a pre fix menu and it was really amazing...not too many choices if you don't eat red meat though...the atmosphere is beautiful and you can see the Bellagio fountain from the windows!

I begin my Yelp career (this is my first review) with the best restaurant I've ever been to: Picasso at the Bellagio in Vegas.
I was there over two years ago, but the vivid memory is easy to draw from.
Hence, a ten minute stream of conciousness should suffice for an accurate review.
Picasso beat out both French Laundry and Aqua (unofficially numbers two and three) for the top spot on my all-time list.
While everything about my experience was arguably perfect, what stood out was the service and the wine pairing.
I've never seen six courses wedded to fine wines as amazingly as at Picasso.
Each dish was strengthened by a pairing with perfect balance.
The wine complemented the food, and vice versa.
(I'll spare the details as it was a long time ago; I could attempt to reconstruct but that wouldn't effectively tell the story).
This wine pairing is truly unreal; you'd be doing a disservice to yourself by passing it up.
I looked them up just now, and this all makes since; Picasso employs one of the few Master Sommeliers on earth, Robert Smith.
(Currently there are 158 with the title).
Cheers to you Robert.
And our server was incredible.
Very knowledgable, friendly, and without the slightest tinge of arrogance.
I thought our server could be running a fortune 500; he was professional, witty, and very knowledgable.
All this before even mentioning the roughly $65 mm worth of original Picassos overlooking the dining room tables.
I'm curious as to what their insurance policy looks like; I could have easily flung a chunk of Foie Gras at Picasso's "Self Portrait" and caused them quite a stir.
Good thing I've graduated from that type of high-chair behavior :-)

Amazing food, service and art.
And depending on where you sit, you can see the Bellagio fountains.
Call me crazy, but I thought it was a good value.

it's been too long for me to remember the specifics of the dinner, but it was a really great dining experience...from the food to the service.

My boyfriend and I got a nice seat overlooking the Bellagio fountains which was pretty romantic.
The food was great!
I got a tasting menu of Hamachi tartar, sea scallop, seared foie gras, halibut, and a chocolate cake.
Although, my main course of halibut was a bit overcooked the meal overall was pretty awesome.
I loved the service and the sommelier!!
Boy, he was good at letting us know the history behind the wine and how it would pair with our food.
That's the right way to do it.
Picasso is pretty pricey but you will know why after you leave.
We had a nice romantic dinner and it was worth it!

The amuse was a pepper soup?
Kinda big I thought?
Really good Oysters.
I rediscovered vegetables and I discovered I enjoy brussel sprouts.
The vennison was forgettable... no oooh worthy, but still not complaining.
The banana desert was really good.
Really ... Really... good food.
The four of us were happy stuffed suckers afterwards.
Oh I do love the decor and fountains and the cookies.

perfect!
We ate here as part of my Vegas birthday trip and it was the best meal and service I've ever had.
You must do the menu with the wine pairings.
pricey but well worth it.

Personally, one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas....it has been around awhile compared to some in the new hotels so not as much glitz and glamour with the deco but hey...look at the Picasso's on the wall....but in terms of food and service....excellent.
I would suggest requesting a window seat when reserving and going in the evening so that the fountains are in the background.
Looking for great service this is the place to go.

I think they forgot our amuse bouche.
This I did not find amusing, but did set the tone for the meal.
The food was really forgettable.
Average and overpriced.
The only saving grace: desert.

Wow, an absolutely unforgettable experience.
We arrived about 20 minutes before our reservation, so we decided to sit at the bar and have some drinks.
We weren't opting for the wine pairings for dinner, so we had cocktails.
I ordered a vodka tonic, and my buddy ordered a Makers Manhattan.
The drinks were fabulous, these guys take all aspects of your dining experience very seriously.
After pouring my friends Makers Manhattan, he noticed a microscopic sliver of ice that made it into the drink, immediately poured it out and made another.
My drink was equally as awesome, which had a splash of freshly squeezed lime juice.
The hostess was absolutely gorgeous, and the rest of the service, impeccable.
I opted for the 5 course, which consisted of a Maine Lobster Salad, Pan Seared Scallops, Sauteed Foie Gras, Roasted Lamb and a Chocolate Fondant for dessert.
In addition, a cold corn bisque with a side of boiled quail egg and smoked salmon was served before the first course, which was amazing.
The combination of quail egg and salmon was a perfect pairing.
For those that care, the restaurant is on the fountain side of the Bellagio, has a notable collection of authentic Picasso's, and has a great ambiance.
Also- given the quality of the food and service here, the prices are quite reasonable, the 5 course as described above was around $120.
The place isn't pretentious at all, and they're not dress code nazi's, though diners are well dressed for the most part.
If you're looking for a fine dining experience in Vegas, I highly recommend that you pay Picasso a visit.

The food was good, but like another reviewer said, "What happened to my amuse buche?".
At these prices, I want my amuse buche!
The food was good, the view of the lake and the fountain was great and dessert was fabulous.
But the prices...at these prices, it could have been better.

Over-rated, and you pay for the pictures on the wall, not the food itself.
The food was bland, unflavored; the lobster was less tasty than something from red lobster.
All the good tables are reserved for casino high-rollers -- when I drop $500+ for a meal, I don't expect to be treated as a second class citizen.
Noisy atmosphere too.
Wouldn't go back.

Excellent food, service and setting.
If you ever have the opportunity to dine at any Bellagio restaurant and sit on the terrace next to the fountains...go for it.
It really is an experience to remember.
If I am in Vegas, and I hit the jackpot, I will go again!
(It is expensive!

This was my most expensive meal of the year.
How can I not give it a five star.....this was a part of bellagio (and vegas) that i have never been to and it was well worth it.
Watching the bellagio fountain show from the other side was absolutely breathtaking.
Service was professional, it was nice to have dinner next to a 3 mil dolla painting .
The centerpieces were beautfiul, the go away gift was very cute - the box is a great souvenir..  the pigeon legs were yummy and presentation deserves an award here..

I dined here during my stay in Vegas this past weekend..Went with a girlfriend of mine and I think that we were in-appropriately dressed for the place..We were wearing red as the theme for a bachelorette party, and so I happened to choose a red mini-dress and my friend had on a red halter with short shorts.. We decided to just wear our skimpy outfits to Picasso and save time by heading straight to the club afterwards..I just regret that we both didnt choose something a bit more classier, but it wasnt my choice in the first place to choose the color red which made us look so trampy..=(  Anyways, besides all of that we sat on the patio with the beautiful view of the watershow..It was all so romantic!!
There were two prix fix dinner menu options to choose from and there was a great variety in each menu.
Everything we ate had a bunch of different flavors that kept exploding in my mouth, and was simply so orgasmic (dont think nethang dirty now)..Everything was so elegantly prepared..Me and my friend just kept on raving about how excellent the service, ambiance, view and food was!..
I indeed intend to go back..You might have to dig a bit in your pocket though..An average dinner for two will cost around 300..I dont gamble when I go to Vegas because I'd rather bet on something that I know I wont lose on, so I'd rather just bet on myself, and boy was it a treat to do!

We came here for dinner to celebrate my birthday & I was not disappointed.
The service, presentation of & the food, all received high marks.
The staff was extremely polite, all saying hello or good evening when our party walked by them as we entered the restaurant.
Although polite they were very professional & did not cross the line of being so polite that they were annoying.
Our waiter was charming & the decor was great.
Amazing flowers in the center of the dining room & of course the artwork.
The food was amazing.
Every course was incredible.
The best 2 were the scallops & 7ozs of kobe beef.
Course 1: Maine Lobster Salad with Apple-Champagne Vinaigrette      This was very refreshing & a great way to start the evening.
Course 2: Pan Seared Sea Scallops with Potato Mousseline, Crispy Leeks and Jus de Veau.
The sea scallops were amazing.
As far as sea food goes the scallop is underrated in my opinion.
Course 3: Sauted "A" Steak of Foie Gras with Olsen Cherries, Crushed Almonds and Baltos Cinnamon Reduction      The Foie Gras was great, no surprise that the Cherries complimented the dish perfectly.
Course 4: Sauted Filet of Halibut with Sauted Royal Trumpet Mushrooms and Roasted Sunchokes      The halibut was cooked to perfection, it flaked off & tasted wonderful.
Course 5: 7 ounce Filet of Kobe Beef with a ring of mashed potatoes.
What an unexpected treat to have Kobe Beef available as the main entre.
Desert: Everyone was happy with their desert.
They wrote happy birthday on my plate with chocolate sauce & my souffl was sinful.
We had 2 bottles of wine, '03 Jo Phelps Insignia & '05 Groth Cab.
Sorry Mr. Phelps but the Groth is tasting better @ half the price.
A great place to cap off the perfect day.
I would love to have another birthday dinner here.

My best dining experience in Las Vegas.
My boyfriend is graduated from the Culinary Institute of America, and it even exceeded his high standards.
The service was impeccable.
The entire staff was incredibly friendly and knowledgable.
We were seated in front of the patio doors, which offered us a great view of the fountain show.
We chose the five course degustation with wine pairings and were thoroughly impressed with our selection.
$500 per couple, including gratuity.
Well worth the cost.

IMHO one  of the best French  restaurant in town.
Food, service and env are all perfect.
Price is actually very reasonable for a top tier restaurant (around $200/person).

While wandering around the Picasso exhibition at New York's MoMA the other day, I suddenly had a flashback.
It was one of those violent flashbacks... you know, the ones in vibrant technicolor that almost brings you to your knees.
Last time I experienced something like that, I woke up in some back-alley in Saigon covered in peanut oil and bean sprouts... but I digress.
Anyway, I'm standing in the middle of this magnificent, world-class museum staring at Picasso's "The Persistence of Memory" and the only thing that's on my mind is "where the hell can I get a wi-fi connection?
"  I rush home and sure enough, I've forgotten to pen down all the gory details of my dinner at Picasso, Las Vegas... shame on me.
_______________________________________________________  When preparing for our Vegas trip, wifey made sure to request a window-side table overlooking the gorgeous techno-fountain at the Bellagio.
After all, if you're gonna eat at this now iconic Vegas landmark, you'd better get an up-close and personal view of it.
The space is quite large and tastefully decorated.
It's elegant, but not stick-up-your-ass stuffy.
Make sure to wander around the restaurant in between courses to check out their Picasso collection.
Service was what you'd expect for a Michelin 2-star establishment... they did a nice job kissing my ass.
We went with the tasting menu for the evening and were not disappointed.
It was an orgasmo multi-course event for the ages.
After about 4 courses, my mind started to warp like those crazy Picasso images you always see.
The clocks began to twist and melt, a bouquet of roses exploded from wifey's chest, the sommelier's face twisted into an almost unrecognizable and amorphous mass of teeth and eyeballs.
If you can't tell yet, we had a lovely dinner.
We even saw the Bellagio fountain show exactly 10-1/2 times during our meal!!
Best of all, I woke up next morning in the Nevada desert covered only in peanut butter and cucumber blossoms...

I wasn't thrilled by this.
I am sometimes overwhelmed by prix fixe dinners.
But this one was not my favorite of all the ones I have been to.
It was awhile ago, before I started blogging, so I cannot remember all teh details of the meal.
But I do remember being decidedly underwhelmed.

Of all the meals I've had in my life this is the first one in which every single course has been perfect.
I ate here about a year ago and have only recently gotten around to writing reviews of all the restaurants I've been to; however, Picasso was first on my list.
It's tucked away in a lower partition of the Bellagio, so it's easy to pass up on a quick walk-through.
We were seated at the outdoor patio overlooking the pond.
This gives you one of the best views of the water show to be had on the strip.
However you won't be able to view any of the artwork of the restaurant's namesake.
If you walk around inside you can see many of the original Picasso works from several periods.
The staff was extremely polite and attentive as would be expected from a Michelin two star restaurant.
The patio's head waiter was spot on for all of our needs.
I ordered the tasting menu and both of my friends opted for the vegetarian prix fixe.
The somollier suggested a Riesling, so we ordered a bottle.
He knew what he was talking about because it matched well with both my dinner and the vegetarian plates.
Good job!
My amuse bouche was a lobster soup that was smooth and silky.
The U-10 seared scallops were large and perfectly cooked.
The foie gras however was mind blowing.
My tongue was crying with joy and at the same time hated me.
I haven't had any before nor since that caused me to get emotional.
The seared halibut was also fantastic and seated over a ragout of mushrooms.
When dessert came we loved their presentation and the taste.
I had a molten chocolate cake that oozed with goodness.
My friend Liz had some some of strawberry... amazing... something rather.
I wanted to steal it, but her glare let me know that this was not the place to start a fork battle.
Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this restaurant to cap off a trip to Vegas.
For three of us with wine, the check came out to be around $650, so budget accordingly.
The dress code is dressy to business casual; though this didn't stop a group of people from coming in with shorts and flip flops while yapping on their cell phones the whole time, jerks.

So before going to see "O" at the Bellagio we headed to Picasso for dinner.
I enjoyed the Prix Fixe.
We opted for the wine pairings which added a healthy price tag, but were totally worth it.
We drank a wine that had been in production since the time of Christ.
That's cool enough, but what was best was our French waiter.
When you see a cartoon there's always a French waiter.
This guy was the best waiter ever.
At no point did he retrieve information about the food.
Everything was committed to memory.
So you're thinking, well, yeah, its a Prix Fixe, it doesn't change.
I'd agree.
However, we asked a lot of questions, being foodies and he was a wealth of knowledge with the perfect accent and mustache.
Our meal was beautiful and delicious.
Smoked salmon with quail egg on a cracker paired with a beautiful wine for a first course.
A lovely frisee salad.
I left Picasso drunk on amazing wine with a palate swooning for more and took my seat at Cirque du Soleil's "O" only to debate which was better, the dinner, or the show?

Love the flowers, love the fountain views, impeccable service especially from the maitre d' and cocktail staff.
As for the cuisine... it's very good.
But not ethereal, nothing to distinguish this place from other top dining venues.
I had the tasting menu- loved the lobster salad and enjoyed the scallop especially the mashed potatoes it was placed on.
The fois gras was mediocre, and the lamb was pretty disappointing.
It wasn't bad just not better than at a mediocre place.
Also did not like the Mexican flavoring of the lamb such as the beans and peppers- tasted like a dish I would get from Fresh Direct in NYC.
The apples crepes were delicious and the chocolate fondant was good although no surprises- it's your typical molten chocolate- it's good, not inspiring.
The tiny petit fours after the meal were delicious.
The Pom Passion cocktail I had tasted like medicine.
The service was wonderful except when the food came out the servers only described it with one word such as "lamb" and "fois gras"- you'd think a place like this would offer a bit more descriptive information on the cuisine...
I had a nice dinner but not a particularly memorable one.

Venetian, five girls, one room, one shower=no reservation for dinner and a very, very hungry Lia.
After arriving late to our already last minute reservation Picasso was kind enough to still seat us and we ended up dining next to several authentic Picassos in a place overflowing with elegance.
Being the grandma that I am I was terribly happy to be sitting next to a 90 year old couple and a group of women in their 70s all dressed up for a night out (so cute!!
) The impeccable service at Picasso was worth every penny of the $150 share of my bill.
Be forewarned, it is of course a prix-fix menu of either $113 for something like 3 courses or $150 for 5 (i forget).
They were even courteous enough to offer some of my friends $50 entrees instead since we weren't told about the prix-fix menu.
We began with a crme of carrot and ginger soup which was immensely refreshing and compliments of the chef.
I continued with the warm quail salad with sauted artichokes and pinenuts.
I've also heard their ragout of seasonal vegetables with fresh foie gras and jus de poularde is incredible so if your a fan of foie gras, part of me feels like this is where it might be just as good as paris.
I then continued with the venison on a bed of risotto rice which is not game-y at all and very delightful.
Surprisingly I forget what I had for dessert but I know it was delicious.
I think it was a chocolate souffle.
They also brought out a tray of chocolate treats for the table.
I'm very big on the small details and Picasso was attentive to every one of them.
They weren't rude at all when we took too much time ordering, were the last people to stay until closing, or when our inappropriate comments were heard over the quiet chatter of the dining room.
If you're planning on venturing here make sure you come to spend a lot of money, definitely get the wine the sommelier recommends, (he was incredible), and grab a seat on the patio if its warm or by the window to see the bellagio watershow if its chilly.
Bon Apetit!

I've had better/more unique food in Vegas, and I've had a more romantic dining experience in Vegas, but this place takes the all-around trophy by far.
If you're trying to figure out a place for that special/splurgy/michelin dinner while on vacation with your special friend(s), this is it.
Favorite dish of the night was the poached oysters with caviar.
Pacing of the meal was good...and they don't force the whole table to do either the tasting menu or the prix fixe, you can get whatever you want.
wine pairings complimented well, the sommelier gave a very descriptive little speech about each wine before it was poured.
While having coffee at the end of the meal, they let you browse through a little book that has descriptions of the paintings that surround you.
I am sometimes one of "those" people who looks at the bottom of plates to see where the come from (I've found "kirkland" more than a number of times) but here the dishes are specially made for the restaurant.
Now that's class ;op  I do love costco though.
Go later and by the end of the meal you'll have an almost empty restaurant so you can go look at the paintings without bothering the people sitting next to them.

The bad was inedible (hockey puck bleu cheese potato gratin), the good was magnificent perfection (pheasant croquette & red pepper soup, Boudin of Fresh Lobster, Shrimp and Scallops with Tomato Coulis, and Mandarin Orange Chocolate Torte with Port Butter Ice Cream).
Had I been willing to forgive the atrocious potatoes they would have received 5 stars.

This place is fantastic.
The tasting menu and the chef's choice were both wonderful.
Two of us ordered one of each and debated which was better!
In the end we decided both menus were equally good and if we could combine the two, mix and match a bit, it would be even better!
Of course, I am sure the menus will change depending on the season and availability of the food.
Our 2 favorites were: Scallop from Chef's choice menu: the chef's creativity in pairing a strained lamg ragout with fresh scallop was the highlight for me.
Veal from the tasting menu - best veal I had ever had.
It was absolutely amazing.
The sauce was complex, the texture of the veal was perfect and the taste was sophisticated which is not a word I would usually describe veal.
I can't believe other reviewers are complaining about the "tiny portions"...hum...that's what a tasting menu is!
We eat out at expensive fancy places all the time and honestly, I think this is one of the best.
I love the fact that they ONLY have the tasting menus so that the chef can focus on perfecting these dishes each evening for his diners.
Whether you frequent fine-dining establishments or if you are up to try something new in Vegas, this is a good choice.
BTW, very romantic ambiance, overlooking the Bellagio's incredible fountain.

Amazing food, amazing service and amazing art.
In reading this review, keep in mind that I ate here alone.
Was there August 08 on a not very crowded early evening, so everyone had a view of the fountains - nice  Had the prix fixe menu, with the carrot and ginger soup (freakin awesome, and so cute with the little shrimp set in the bottom before he served), the lobster/shrimp/scallop boudin (awesome), and the lobster (also very good, but was getting too full by then).
i also had a really good fruity dessert of some sort, don't remember the details of that.
Overall, I thought it was a nice experience and a great meal for the money.
The staff was very attentive but not overly so, given that I was dining alone.
One brought out a nice book talking about the paintings in the room, so that was cool.
I would definitely return.

I expected alot more for being a 2 star michelin restaurant!
We both had the prix fixe degustation menu and was not at all happy.
First off was the courtesy of the chef; your welcoming tasting...that was delicious.
then came the lobster salad!!
that was great too!
!..at this point, i was hyped on what I was going to get.
Then came the seared scallops that you can totally figure out how to make on your own by watching some youtube chef make it!
their foie gras was really rich and was done nothing to make it special side from the unique name for duck/goose liver-it was seared!
then my turbot that tasted really bland, but looked complicated.
I didn't know what to think about that.
and last was the dessert, I don't know whether or not I read it wrong, but the description doesn't taste anything like what I ate.
It was sweet, refreshing, but at the same time off tasting!
so, not only do I think this place is overpriced, but it's really not worth it.

Lisa: this is probably one of the best french food ive had in a while.
granted this place is really pricey, but the food is well worth its price.
the 5 course meal is about $130 per person and the 4 course meal is about $115/person.
the poached oysters with caviar was simply to die for!
and the fois gras with vegetable melted in your mouth!
unfortunately i ordered deer which i couldnt eat, so i had to switch with my dad's roasted pork which wasnt bad.
i should have ordered the lobster.
the dessert was really really yummy and definately different.
i recommend getting the coin purse and coconut semifredo.
on a nice evening, you can sit on the patio and enjoy bellagio's water show while you eat.
service is superb.

The BF and I decided to bring his younger brother here to celebrate his 26th birthday.
I had eaten here a few years ago and I was hopeful that Picasso would be as good as I remembered.
I was thrilled that it was every bit as good as I remembered.
Since we were in a festive mood, we ordered the Menu Dgustation.
They also offered a wine pairing and I must admit that every wine paired perfectly with each dish.
This should really not come as a surprise given that Picasso boasts an impressive wine menu.
Our meal consisted of:  * An amuse bouche of seasonal soup  * Maine Lobster Salad with Apple-Champagne Vinaigrette -- the flavors complemented, but did not overpower, the delicate lobster  * Pan Seared Sea Scallops with Potato Mousseline and Jus de Veau -- the scallops were perfectly cooked  * Sauted "A" Steak of Foie Gras with Roasted Peaches, Vanilla, Muscat and Crushed Almonds -- the crushed almonds make this dish because they provide a contrasting texture; I actually preferred the taste of this foie gras dish to the one at Restaurant Guy Savoy at Caesars, but that one wins for unique foie gras presentation (see my Yelp of Restaurant Guy Savoy Las Vegas for more detail on that fab meal)  * Roast Lamb -- the meat was perfectly prepared.
They decided to serve a fairly tall piece of lamb on its end for dramatic effect.
The server tilted my BF's plate before he set it down and the lamb nearly slid off the plate.
I made a joke about it trying to run away and the staff went with the humor.
* We added the cheese plate and they brought a nice selection * The desserts were wonderful and this place employs a talented pastry chef.
The server caught my reference during dinner that we had a birthday at the table and they had written Happy Birthday in insanely beautiful script in chocolate on the birthday boy's plate with his opera cake.
The BF had the apple beggar's purse with calvados and it was lovely.
I opted for the molten chocolate cake on our server's recommendation (even though I am SO over molten chocolate cake) and I must admit it was delightful.
The center was like a molten truffle.
It came with boysenberry ice cream and some poor soul in the kitchen was so kind as to separate out individual segments of fresh boysenberries to adorn my plate.
* The post dinner truffles and other tiny bites were very good, but no match for the treat cart at Restaurant Guy Savoy.
The atmosphere of this place is utterly beautiful.
Be sure to walk around the room and take in all the original Picasso masterpieces.
The fresh flowers are gorgeous, especially the display on the large table in the main dining room.
It's also a hoot to watch the Bellagio fountains spewing outside the restaurant's windows every 15 minutes.
Before you leave, step outside on the lakeside patio and catch the fountain show from this vantage point.
You really get a sense of how high that water flies into the air.
Picasso remains a Las Vegas fine dining delight.

I have dined here twice.
One was on Christmas Day with special holiday menu and the recent one was just regular pre-fix menu.
I have to say their regular menu was a lot better than their holiday menu.
I had the Kobe Beef holiday menu and it was not that impressive.
I even hesitated to go back the second time.
The regular pre-fix menu was AWSOME!
Best quail and foi gras and succulent melt-in-your-mouth scallops!!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
P.S.
the service was kind of snobbish (we looked young for our age and we didn't feel like dressing up).....
However, I didn't really have much time to care...
I was busy enjoying my food.

amazing!
not only is it intriguing to be among $100 million dollars worth of picasso artwork, but the food is delicious too!
i'm vegetarian so i normally don't fancy french restaurants because there is never much for me however they created a 4 course meal which was delightful - especially this eggplant dish which i kept trying to figure out how they got it that way!
the portions are tiny but by the end of the meal i was definitely full.
it just goes to remind you that your stomach doesn't need supersized meals to be fulfilled!
its expensive but if you can afford to make a trip i recommend it!

I hate to rate it the same as every other Yelper, but I can't deny the heavenly food I had here.
We went for our anniversary dinner, and husband explained the Michelin award to me and that Picasso was one of two Las Vegas recipients.
Everyone from the host/hostess, possibly the chef          (?
when we first walked in) to the wait staff from the minute we walked in were SO friendly and attentive.
There were beautiful Picasso pieces up along the walls of the restaurant.
And our meal was preceeded by the awesome water show right outside the terrace of the restaurant, with a view of Paris and other Vegas strip hotels in the background.
I snuck my blackberry out every now and then so I could document EVERYTHING we were eating, because we're such foodies.
We both had prix fixe menus along with some Tikal Malbec.
Our notable favorites were the "Chef's Welcome": pheasant croquettes with a shot of roasted red pepper bisque, poached oysters w/caviar in vermouth sauce, medallions of fallow deer, lobster salad, pan-seared scallops in veal reduction and calvados crepe coin purse dessert.
The service was eggcellent, and I enjoyed every bit of the meal.
It is the best meal I've had in my life thus far.
Overstatement?
Nah.

BEST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER!
This is one of those dinners you will always remember.
The food was amazing, the service impeccable, and where else can you dine beneath a multi million dollar Picasso.
I love art, and eating beneath some of the world's greatest art is almost blasphemous to me... but this is Vegas, and I think Picasso would have a hard time resisting this food!
Go with the pre-fixe, it is a great way to go.
DO NOT think this is going to be "a bite to eat before a Cirque show.
" I would SEE A SHOW FIRST, THEN have dinner after so you can enjoy it!

I was very impressed with Picasso.
The room is beautiful.
The staff let you take photos with all the paintings.
If the weather permits, there is a terrace outside to view the water show.
If you are going here, TRY TO GET A TABLE AT A WINDOW WITH A VIEW OF THE LAKE.
We weren't so lucky, and it was still an amazing experience, but it would have made it that much better.
The food was amazing.
I still dream about it, even after experiencing Alex and Bar Charlie.
Do yourself a favour, a suck up the $120 extra charge for the kobe beef steak.
You will not regret it.
I was with my girlfriend, and she couldn't finish each of the dishes so I got to sample everything on the menu (I had the tasting menu, she the prix fixe).
Everything was incredible.
Highly recommended.

OK this is the type of place that you go to for your last meal on earth.. LOL   I just broke up with an EX and I found myself in Vegas visiting a friend.
I was referred here by the Concierge desk at the Belagio.
The only thing we drank that night was the 3 bottles of Chteau Margaux 1995.
I had multiple dishes at this place and all were great:  Maine Lobster Salad  Pan Seared Sea Scallops  Oysters with Osetra Caviar and I also added Sevruga.
The Veal chop was to die for.
AND THE LAST THING WAS THE TART WITH BANANAS AND WALNUTS   No wonder this place got the Michelin approval.

Hands down one of the best meals I've had in the continental US.
The wait staff, somellier, and bartender were all very knowledgeable about the things they needed to know about.
They answered every question we had, the food was served well, well timed, just an excellent meal.
They were offering 3 prix fix menus that evening, one a special black truffle menu, where all of the dishes had black truffles.
The other special that night was a kobe beef filet.
I ordered off of a prix fix menu where I got:  - Red bell pepper soup and quail (I can't recall how it was prepared) - Poached oysters topped with caviar - Filet of Sea Bass - Deer medallion with a horseradish garnish - Chocolate cake that probably took 9 years off of my life  Everything was flavorful and delicious, and the wine that was paired with each course was a perfect complement to the dish.
The somellier took the time to explain where each wine came from, what it tasted like, and why it went well with the food.
I had never tried deer before, and by all accounts I've heard it's a gamey and tough meat.
It tasted more gamey than - say - steak, but this deer was tender and delicious.
Excellent experience for the money, highly recommended.
Visit Picasso when you're in Las Vegas.

I'm very suprised by all of the good reviews on this website.
As someone who works in the industry (I'm a General Manager and my husband a chef) we were beyond disappointed with our meals.
We have dined in Paris at  1-2 and 3 Michelin starred restaurant and wondered how this would stack up.
It did not.
I can pick restaurants in the US that are far more deserving of stars than this place.
However the food was average, but the service was horrifying!
We had a terrible waiter but I must say the back waiter "Jesus" made our experience a lot better.
I hope he gets promoted to waiter soon.
Things you wouldn't expect from a place of Michelin Stars:  1.
Ladies chair not being pulled out 2.
Wrinkled table linens 3.
Butter dish not being refilled with extra bread.
Entree being served to the wrong person.
The table behind us got an amuse bouche when they were on dessert!
Little to no seasoning on the potato and leek soup.
When the waiter brought us the bill he had a bic pen inside (now I know what your thinking, how snobby is this chick- but seriously people that can loose you a star) 8.
Waiter forgetting your cocktail order and then me having to cancel it when we got to the dessert coarse.
The wine binder had ripped pages in it that kept falling onto the floor.
10.
The service was so rushed!!!
If I am paying over three hundred dollars for a meal- then I own that table for at least 2 hours!
11.
The waiters looked panicked and one almost hit me with a tray of food as I was walking to the ladies room.
I think this is enough said.
People who gave this place an excellent review should think about traveling to better places before reviewing.

It's been about two month since I went to Picasso (and one day since I started taking Yelp seriously) so this review simply will not do Picasso justice.
Quite simply, Picasso was the best dinner EVER.
Words cannot describe how amazing this dining experience was.
Everything was nearly flawless.
The waiters were knowledgeable and always ready to help and did not display any hint of pretentiousness.
The decor was very classy and well-done (then again if you hung a bunch of Picasso paintings inside a burger joint, it probably wouldn't look too bad either).
The waterfront view was beautiful as well.
And the food...oh the food...
Since I don't have the menu on me (and I'm pretty sure they change it regularly anyways), I'm going strictly by my warm and fuzzy memories.
Bear with me here.
There were three prix fix choices that evening.
I was tempted to go with the black truffle option, but the beatdown the Venetian was giving me that weekend sealed my fate.
I would be going with the more inexpensive option:   First, came the lobster salad.
It was, as you would expect, visually appealing and quite fresh and delicious.
A good start to the night.
Next came the scallop.
This was the best scallop I have ever had.
It was so simple.
It was a piece of perfectly seared scallop on a bed of potato sauce(think a lighter version of mashed potatoes) and I believe a reduction sauce.
As far as texture was concerned, there was no resistance as you sunk your teeth in the scallop, just pure tender goodness.
I would also like to point out as the dinner went along, we continued to gorge on the delicious bread they kept serving us.
First, I fell in love with the olive bread.
However, my friend insisted that I should try the french bread.
Sure enough, the french bread was even better!
It was so soft and buttery that we acted like little kids that had just discovered the wonders of butter.
Onto the foie gras: It was, as expected, rich, flavorful, and melt in your mouth delicious.
The sauce in conjunction with foie gras was okay.
There really isn't much to say.
Finally, we get to the aged lamb.
I didn't know what to expect.
Every course seemed to improve on the next.
Would the buck stop there?
As the dish arrived, we saw an impressive, tall piece of lamb.
Upon first bite, my fears were assuaged.
The flavor was perfect (I seem to be using this word a lot) and the meat so unbelievably tender.
On the side, there was a piece of artichoke that went very well with the meat.
Seriously, it could not be any better.
The night ended with dessert, a chocolate fondant cake.
It was very rich (chocolate lovers would love it) and a good way to end a memorable night.
I have not been doing fine dining for very long, but this was far and away my favorite experience and I would definitely go to Picasso again, and I highly recommend that you do too.

What a great dining experience!
From the moment we walked in until the moment we walked out, the staff made us feel very welcome and made the night very enjoyable.
We started off with the amuse bouche, which was a medallion of foie gras on top of a crostini and a small cup of potato soup topped with some pine nuts.
It was a great start to the meal.
That night there were two prix fixe menus.
The 5 course menu degustation and a 4 course menu.
There was also the choice of substituing an appetizer dish with tuna tartare and/or your main course with japanese kobe filet as daily specials.
Since the Kobe was an additional 100 dollars, and me having lost more than that at the tables the night previous, I decided to stick with their other main course offerings.
The first dish was a maine lobster salad with an apple-champagne vinaigrette.
It was very refreshing and light.
Great first dish.
Second was the pan seared sea scallop on a bed of potato mousseline and veal reduction sauce.
This is the best sea scallop I ever had.
Just thinking about this dish makes me hungry.
Third was the seared foie gras.
It was very rich and almost just metls in your mouth.
There were two choices for the main course: Sauteed Filet of Halibut or the Tournedos of Aged Lamb.
I went for the lamb.
The lamb was served medium rare with red peppers and a heart of artichoke with bernaise sauce.
Lamb was cooked to perfection and the flavors just exploded.
For dessert there were several choices, but I went with the chocolate fondant with peanut butter ice cream and caramel.
The service and atmosphere added to the full experience.
I could go on and on about Picasso, but I'd rather you enjoy it for yourself!

Las Vegas mogul Steve Wynn has some noteworthy accomplishments to his name, perhaps none more so than luring Julian Serrano away from Masa's in San Francisco.
With two-star Michelin recipient Coi still etched in my hypothalamus, Picasso had to follow one of San Francisco's best.
Located in the Bellagio, Picasso's ambiance did not disappoint.
Eleven Picasso paintings - exceeding over $100 million - adorn the walls; additionally, we were seated near a window with an eye-level perspective of the "lake.
"  The amuse was a salmon-marscapone wrap, a cucumber-mint salad, quail egg with osetra, and a corn soup.
The silky smooth raw salmon with the cold cucumber was a refreshing bite after the soup.
The tasting menu's first course was a lobster salad with apple-champagne vinaigrette, tomato, cantaloupe, and celery.
After overcooked lobster at Mesa Grill, I savored the tender chunks of decadent crustacean.
Next came the scallop with pomme pure, and a jus.
In essence, this dish involved two items: a scallop and a potato.
Such straightforward simplicity necessitates extraordinary execution.
I enjoyed it all - the crisp potato chip, the creamy pomme pure, and the just slightly warmed through scallop.
The third course was foie gras, honey-Muscat poached pear, crushed almond, brioche, crme frache gastrique.
The foie gras needs no elaboration beyond saying that it was pure opulence.
As surreptitious as Goldman Sachs receiving $13 billion as part of the initial AIG bailout, a piece of brioche soaked up all of the fatty drippings.
I am wont to see citrus and liver; in this dish, however, I can chalk up the pear as yet another fruit and foie permutation.
The toothsome almonds sufficiently lightened the dish and contributed a needed textural counterpoint.
The tasting menu's main courses were not nearly as exciting as the prix fixe, so I chose the squab with asparagus, carrot, wild rice risotto, and a wild game jus.
After the fusillade of meat and fish Mesa Grill piled in front of us, it was a welcome adjustment to see a more reasonable meat to vegetable ratio.
The quickly seared pigeon left the breasts a lusciously mouthwatering crimson.
To the touch, it felt like a pudgy cheek.
A cherry note could be detected in the jus, obviating any possibility for the squab to be too salty.
Wild rice takes forever to cook, so I appreciate the laborious dedication the kitchen put forth just for an accoutrement.
The copious amount of parmesan made the side dish even more inviting.
My dining companion went with the veal chop served with a rosemary potato, and wild mushrooms.
The rosemary sprig impregnated the potato's paunch with its herbal fragrance.
As for the thick chop, it was more tender than pieces of veal tenderloin that I have tasted.
The savory part of our meal could not have ended on a more Elysian note, as the Bellagio water show commenced, bellowing Andrea Bocelli's "It's Time to Say Goodbye.
"  The cheese course featured several cheeses from Spain that I really liked, especially one with a raisin rind.
The petite fours and box of pastries were a nice end to the meal.
Picasso reminds me of a well-engineered roller coaster - to wit, the first three dishes take you up to the top of the steep slope, the next two - foie gras and squab/veal chop - can be considered the exhilarating drop, and finally the ride comes to a smooth and most satisfying end, as the kitchen returns you back to the station, leaving you helplessly yearning for one more go-round.

You can't go wrong with the decor here at the namesake restaurant of the famous post impressionist painter.
You literately feel like you're sitting in Picasso's art gallery examining some of his various works while you dine all the while looking out the windows to the Bellagio water display.
The meal here was satisfying although two years have passed since my wife and I ate here I honestly couldn't tell you my memories of the food itself, which is why I deducted 1 point from the rating points here from 4 stars to 3 as the food should be memorable particularly in the fine dining category.
Still, this is the place to eat if you're staying at the Bellagio Hotel.

Picasso is the first restaurant I've ever eaten at with 2 Michelin stars, and one can tell very early on that the level of service, sophistication and elegance is at the high end.
Although not necessarily hidden, Picasso is also not as front-and-center as some high-end Vegas eateries.
Although located in the beautiful (some might say ostentatious) Bellagio, you have to descend to the property's lower level to access Picasso.
Once inside, you are welcomed with a simple elegance only a restaurant of this stature could manage.
Seated, your eyes cannot help but be drawn to the *actual* Picasso paintings adoring nearly every wall.
One would be hard pressed to find a museum in North America with as many of the Master's creations.
Anyway, you must draw your attention from the paintings and look at the leather bound menu in front of you.
There are two options: 3 course prix fixe or 5 course tasting menu.
Since I'm not a trust fund baby or a venture capitalist, I opted for the 3 course meal.
Perfectly cooked fois gras and medallions of Fallow deer (otherwise known as venison) were the highlights.
Service was exceptionally professional and efficient, but also friendly and helpful.
Consistent with the European-centric cuisine, the enormous wine list is heavy on French and Italian wines, although the usual suspects from Napa are well represented.
Picasso is a quiet sanctuary from the craziness that Vegas can be.
While the ante for culinary supremacy in Vegas may have been raised by Joel Robuchon's utterly exorbitant outpost at the MGM Grand, Picasso is still among the top restaurants in the country and well worth your time and significant expendable income.

OK took my wife here for our anniversary last year.
**note: Guys make the reservation early (like months early - which is hard for us cavemen), but get the tables that face the fountains.
I have screwed up enough anniversaries over the last 17 years, and this one helped repair a lot.
The art is the real stuff...  and yes I walked around and looked, trying not to bother the people already seated We ate relatively early so the restuarant was not full when we got there.
Truly some amazing pieces, including the mosaic he did.
The wine list is great and the wine flights were well selected, and fit the menu perfectly.
As noted elsewhere the foie gras is stunning (I can still remember it).
The rest of the meal was great, the staff was superb.
We were well taken care of without feeling crowded.
The meal was a bit pricey, about $350 for two of us, but worth every penny.
Interesting side note...
This is not a kid friendly place (what restaurant is if it takes 2-3 hgours for a meal), but there was an asian family there with a 6-8 year old that made it through the whole meal.
Wow, my three kids would have been coloring on the walls by then.

I was pretty disappointed with this place.
That isn't to say the food was bad or service was bad, but, for the price and, with the expectation of the Michelin star, it was missing an intangible thing that would have made it awesome.
The restaurant itself was nice looking-Picassos everywhere, as the name would suggest-and the view of the fountain show was nice, although, again, kind of took away from the Michelin environment.
Service was fine; wine was decent; food was good, but not memorable.
The only thing I do remember was the wild pigeon with a Cabernet reduction; it was good.
For the price, I'd much rather return to Alex at the Wynn.

First, take my review with a grain of salt.
I was mostly just excited to eat here for two reasons: 1) I was sitting in the same restaurant where a scene from Ocean's 11 was filmed and 2) My boss was buying my meal.
The food was OK.
I remember having the best butternut squash soup ever there...
I can only imagine how much buttter and heavy cream was in it.
The foie gras was also fantastic.
Other than that, I don't even remember what I ate.
It was just OK. And honestly, I don't think I'd go back (unless someone else was paying again.
I've always said: Never turn down a free meal.
)  The most funny moment of my Picasso experience was my boss standing up to make a toast, and one of the restaurant employees literally running over and sitting her back down and telling her that she was disturbing the other patrons.
She hadn't even said anything, she just stood up with her wine glass raised.
The service merits a mere "Meh...." and the food was either really good or just plain forgettable.
Clearly, the super fancy restaurants really aren't my cup of tea anyway, but I guess for the price and the hype, I expected something a lot better.

One of the 2 or 3 best restaurants we've ever been too - and we've been all over the Western world.
When we stay in Vegas, it's either the Venetian or the Bellagio - and while I like the Venetian's food, the Bellagio's is hands-down better.
We had the wine-pairing menu, and it was fantastic.
I'm not a white wine fan, but they paired a New Zealand Sauvingon Blanc with a seafood appetizer, and the combo was amazing.
Between the wine, the food, the 5 or 6 original Picasso's on the wall, or the Bellagio fountains, truly worth the price of admission.

I had one of the best foie gras here that I have ever tasted.
My friend and I had the chef's tasting menu with the wine pairing (the sommelier was right on with his choice and it heightened my enjoyment of the meal).
When you first enter, the first thing you'll notice is the ambiance - this is the most, if not, one of the most beautiful restaurants I have ever been in.
There are beautiful, colorful, fragrant flowers everywhere.
The place smells heavenly with the combination of all these flowers.
In combination with these are the artworks adorning the place - painting, drawings and sculptures of, of course, Picasso.
Then you add the wonderful view to the Bellagio fountains - wonderful!
Definitely make a reservation.

Enjoyed Picasso's prix-fixe during a weekend stay at the Bellagio to see "O".
The service was refined, with Jorge G. taking excellent care of us.
He was very mindful of the curtain time & very professional all the way through.
Of note: the quail salad with sauted artichokes was well-balanced.
The black bass filet (in saffron) was accompanied by a *wonderful* light, creamy cauliflower mousseline.
The medallions of fallow deer were a very tender, very smooth highlight.
This was one of the top ten restaurants I've enjoyed, in particular a very refreshing change from somewhat uneven places like Melisse.

In a town experiencing an amazing renaissance of food, there are few options in Las Vegas as superior as Picasso.
The folks at the Bellagio have gotten it right from start to finish.
From the moment you step in you know you are in for a treat.
The decor is immaculate and puts you into immediate awe.
My suggestion is to get the tasting menu (well, this is ALWAYS the best suggestion at this scale of restaurant).
Let them take care of you.
Every dish and paired glass of wine which comes out will be a new delight to enjoy.
Set your expectations high, you won't be disappointed.
And honestly, is there any better way to enjoy the Bellagio fountains than from right behind them?

To say I was in heaven, is an understatement.
We were greeted by a cheeky, yet professional French host.
He was pleasant, hilarious, and non-pretentious.
In fact, even though the place looks like it's going to be stuffy, it's actually very warm, inviting and impressive.
Upon entering the restaurant there is a massive original Picasso to gaze at, while your table is set up.
The whole restaurant has a dozen or more Picasso originals to boast of.
I was impressed.
We had the pleasure of sitting at the best table in the joint, right on the water-where we were watching a fountain show every twenty minutes.
I seriously felt like a princess (the whole staff knew it was my birthday), and was served as one.
Our waiter (Michael, I think?
) was awesome.
He joked around but was very professional and even offered to take a photo with us when the fountain show came up, I think he ran outside as it statred up once to make sure he captured us with it.
Really cool guy, we like him.
Ok, now on to the food: O. M. G.  BEST foie gras I ever tasted (seared)!!
Myself and a girlfriend went for the prix fix menu (had more choices) and another friend did the degustation menu (only 2 choices for main course).
I'm happy we did it this way because we basically got to taste almost everything offered on the menu this way.
The meat was perfect for all three of us, the poached lemon oysters with caviar (TO DIE FOR), and the courses were served by an entourage, I'm into that ;) I remember every course for all three of us, and honestly-that means a lot coming form me, I wish the lobster salad would have been on the prix fix menu, SO GOOD.
For dessert, they dressed up my cherry palette with a Happy Birthday and a candle, I think I had a permanent smile fixed on my face through the whole meal.
The overall experience was definitely 5+ stars.
The staff, the food, the ambiance was clearly well thought out, and it shows.
You definitely have to pay for it ($600 for three) but if you can afford it, everyone needs to try this place one time in their life when visiting Vegas.
Thank you to Chef Serrano/staff at Picasso, for making my 29th birthday truly memorable.

aside from gark danko in sf, this is the best bang for your buck i have ever experienced.
this might be my favorite restaurant in vegas.
i took my bf to vegas for his birthday (he'd never been) and i wanted to have to perfect, intimate dinner before "O" and because all his friends arrived.
some of the yelp reviews made me hesitate, but i am so happy that i went with picasso.
from the get-go, it felt like joining an elite club.
we disappear down the escalator and are immediately welcome by a pair of well groomed, smiling gentlemen.
when i was booking the restaurant, i was told that there was no guarantee of having a window seat so i was very happy to find us seated at the best seat in the house:  window seat in the corner, perfect view of the fountains.
our server was professional, patient and friendly.
he was more than happy to go into detail on the menu.
i did the prix fixe and my bf did the supplemented prix fixe.
everything came out in a timely manner and everything was perfect and well portioned!
much like gark danko, it wasnt particularly inventive but it was flawless.
some dishes that stood out were the maine lobster salad with apple-champagne vinaigrette, the pan seared scallops, the warm quail salad and the lamb and the milk fed veal chop.
throughout the meal, we had our very own waiter standing the in corner, slightly hidden from view.
she anticipated our every need and was totally unobtrusive.
one thing that was nice was that we ordered still fiji water and probably went through 3-4 bottles, but we were only charged once.
my bfs dessert was impressively decorated with intricate chocolate text.
as the sun set, we joyfully nommed our way through dinner, pausing every now and then to watch bellagios magnificent fountains and stare at all the original picassos.
everything was perfect and we had ample time to make our way to "O".
since then, ive highly recommended picasso to all everyone, not just those on a budget.
even my most frugal acquaintances agree that it was money well spent.
picasso definitely deserves the michelin star rating!

My cousin and I came here for dinner before heading over to watch the Lion King Show at Mandalay Bay.
We were on a time crunch and warned the waiter.
He told us we had plenty of time, but 30 min before we had to leave, he realized we didn't have much time left.
We barely had time to finish our dessert, but they were nice enough to put it in a box for us to enjoy later (even though it turned mushy and lost its aesthetic value).
I had lamb which was good.
The foie gras was a little too fatty for me, so I had to eat it with bread.
The waiter would come around and offer 3 different types of bread.
I'd leave the crust on my bread plate...which looked really gross at such a nice restaurant.
BUT if i ate it, I'd be full..and I needed the bread to pair with my foie gras.
Eventually I had a plate of bread crust on the corner of my table.
I asked one of the waiters for it to be taken away because it displeased my eyes.
Anyways, back to the food.
My cousin ordered kobe beef for an extra $100.
He was looking forward to it, but was slightly disappointed.
He thought the meat was too fatty...but isn't kobe supposed to be fatty?
I don't know.
He enjoyed everything else though!
Service was excellent, as expected at such a restaurant.
My cousin has dined at many exquisite restaurants, and he said the service and food here does deserve 5 stars.
I, on the other hand, haven't dined at many nice restaurants.
So Picasso was a fantastic experience for me.
Oh yea, we also got a great view of the fountain.
Even though we didn't get a seat right by the window (days in advance reservation), it was still a pleasant dinner.
On our way out, they handed out boxes of petite crackers and chocolates, that was really cute.
Too bad I'm not of age yet, otherwise I'd order the meals with the wine pairings.
Hah.
The couple next to us ordered their meal with wine pairings and it looked like they enjoyed it.

This is my third time dining at Picasso... Everything is still delish~~ We were debating between dining here or Guy Savvoy... After examining the menu for Guy Savvoy, Picasso's pre fix stood out more.... Their bread and petite fours aren't as good as Joel Robuchon in terms of taste and varieties, but other than that...
I love their food!!
Definitly one of my favorite restaurant in Vegas!!!
I love their seared Foie Gras and tourchon...!!!
YUM!!

It is awesome.
The food mixed with the art mixed with the Bellagio fountain is really nice.
Although I think the music that goes with the fountain can be a bit intrusive sometimes.
You're sitting there, eating, chatting, listening to the soft background music, and then all of a sudden, you hear Celine Dion singing with explosive water "pyrotechnics".
But overall, it is just too great.
I love eating here.
My favorite dish is the one with the langoustine.
*wipes drool off chin*

Food is a little overpriced for its quality.
Foie Gras is prob the only dish that stands out for its creativity.
The roasted crust blends with the melting liver is definitely gonna echo in your brain for the entire night.
Scallop and deer is really whatever.
I'm taking off 1 star for what is presented under the $200 per person price tag.
Service is top-notch.
Waiters are mostly knowledgeable.

Still dreaming about the scallop (best I've ever had) with potato dish I had off the chefs tasting menu.
Lobster salad infused with ingredients that awoke some dormant taste buds, and the chocolate lava cake dessert OH MY GOD.
Beautiful art, and window view of fountain.
Warm and non pretentious staff made me feel comfortable and pampered.
Can't wait til next trip to Vegas!!!
THANKS JAMAAA

Hostess was completely humorless (nice but humorless).
Decor was like a Picasso piece - wierd but in a classical way.
It was kind of grotto-esque.
The original Picasso's lining the wall added a special flair to the place.
The service was harried yet slow (if that makes sense).
It seemed as if the wait staff was trying to interact with us as quickly as possible.
It was if they were saying, "We've done this before and the food is really outstanding so I don't really have to take my time to make you feel welcome".
They were relatively cold and impersonal.
Our waiter did warm up later but by then we didn't have any interest in talking to him.
They were VERY slow in getting the food out.
I know this is a french restaurant but even the french can read body language and ours said "We don't want a two and a half hour meal".
Didn't work!
So where do the five stars come in, you ask.
It's the food!
It was sublime.
I would suffer two and a half hours of a humorless, rushed environmet to enjoy this food.
Everything was exceedingly flavorful.
I tried things I wouldn't normally try (poached oysters) and it was all absolutely fabulous.
A few head scratchers, though.
the bathroom was not spotless (at $140 a plate, you better have your bathroom spotless).
I could have sworn the were playing The Backstreet boys in the restroom???
Overlooking the Bellagio water fountain show while we ate was a special treat.
The food trumps every negative.
Smiley face and a star for the food only.

Still the place I consider for comparing to other fine dining restaurants.
Food here is more than just a meal, it's more of an experience.
Service here is tremendous.
Decor is extremely nice(think Museum) along with the view of the water fountains(if you are so lucky).
Go with the Prix-Fixe Menu and be prepared for the best 2-3 hours of your life.

I loved the art!
The food was good, but not Michelin star worthy.
We settled on the tasting menu with the wine pairing.
Each course was good but unfortunately nothing was very memorable.
What will be most memorable to me is my trip to the bathroom and no its not what you think!
While walking to the bathroom I had the opportunity to take the long way around stopping and admiring all the amazing art.
Unfortunately, I did get that, "why are staring at us" look while peering through a couple of guests, however they quickly figured out I was either looking at the art, or maybe had an incredibly lazy eye.
Oh well.
Also, from just about every seat in the restaurant you could see the water show in the front of Billagio.
This was a plus the first and second time, then it became a bit tiresome.

I really love Picasso located inside Bellagio with a view of the fountains..
I always asked to be seated on the terrace, so I can enjoy the show.. even though I have been seated inside and enjoyed the art work as well.
I love the tasting menu's - I really loved the truffle menu they had when I was there... there was a squash soup that was amazing!
Very romantic.. very expensive, very posh!
If you want to splurge in Vegas.. this is a good choice, if you are staying at the hotel - a must!

I don't eat French food very often, so not much of an expert on that.
The food overall was good.
Their menu is simple, you either go with the Prix Fixe ($113 - 4 course) or the Menu Degustation ($123 - 5 course).
The also give you a complimentary course of soup+appetizer at the beginning, and some chocolate/cookie on a little tower at the end (which was actually pretty bad... most of the stuff i had a bite and didn't even want to eat it).
The Prix Fixe have more option for each course that you can pick from.
Menu Degustation you only have a choice between two options for the main course only.
My fiance has the Menu Degustation: ( I of course had to have a taste of everything) =) My favorite was the Pan Seared Scallop.
It's just 1 big piece of scallop, but it was done perfectly.
Maine Lobster Salad was good, but wasn't memorable to me.
Sauteed "A" Steak of Foie Gras, my fianced liked it quite a bit.
It tasted like a warm piece of fatty meat that melt in your mouth.
If you like that feeling, then you'll like it.
I am not a big fan of the feeling of a piece of fat melting in your mouth.
My fiance picked the Loin of Lamb Rti as his main course.
I'm not a big fan of lamb, but it was pretty good.
I had the Prix Fixe Menu:  I picked the Poached Oysters as my first course, since I love raw Oysters.
I ate it at first without putting in the lemon, and it was very fishy.
(I often do that with other raw oysters I eat and don't usually have this issue).
But after I put in the lemon, then it was ok. 2nd course for me was Foie Gras au Torchon.
The foie Gras was served chilled, how I usually like it as.
It came with sides of pear and persimmon that's pretty sweet.
My main course I picked the Sauteed Medallions of Fallow Deer.
It was VERY GOOD.
I orderd it medium, and it was good perfectly.
Very juicy.
The only thing is, I would recommend not trying to finish the sides that it came with (sweet peas and glazed pear, etc), because at the end I was left with a feeling of "too sweet" because of that.
Both came with a choice of dessert from their dessert menu.
Their dessert was ok, not memorable.
Chaya in LA definitely have better dessert.
Service was as expected for a high end restaurant like this.
Although the people who brought out our dishes kept getting confused which one was mine and which one was my fiance, when the main waiter saw that, he corrected it right away (although he was pretty busy most of the time).
We did have to ask for bread a few times while we wait for our food (there a big gap in time between each course, took us over 2 hours to eat and it's not because we eat slow).
In conclusion.
I highly recommend the Pan Seared Scallop, and venison.
Is the food worth the price?
I would say you're definitely not just paying for the food, you're also paying for the atmosphere, their large fresh flowers centerpiece in the middle of the restaurant, and all the Picasso painting they have on the wall.
By the way, Picasso is listed as a Five Diamond restaurant  on the AAA rating (there are only 52 of those in U.S.)

Probably one of the best meals I have ever had.
I went with my brother and husband to celebrate our weekend in Vegas.
The artwork was fantastic, our waiter was incredibly attentive and the food was amazing.
I enjoyed course after course.
The red pepper soup was great.
The little gift boxes with cookies was a wonderful touch.
I really enjoyed being surrounded by real Picasso paintings during our meal.
I also loved watching the Bellagio fountains out the windows.
The only negative would be the price but I was aware of the prices before I went so I was not surprised when the bill came.
I would definitely recommend this restaurant to any foodie who is looking for "an adventure in eating" while they are in Vegas.

5 Stars for the 125 year tawny port alone.
Yeah, that's right!
125-year tawny port!
I was like the most delicious tawny port reduction known to man, and I'm a tawny girl!
Um, excited much, me?
Oh, and it's about $159 a glass...so come prepared...  Delish pre-dinner cocktail (apple martini NOT made with that green sour apple crap), delightful champers to start.
Did the prix fixe with wine pairing...with the kobe beef on offer for today.
Oh butter yum steak killer melty buttery deliciousness.
Did I mention it was fanfuckingtabulous?
Service excellent; sommelier was attentive, fun and knowledgable with the wine pairing (and the post-prandial port).
Dessert was meh-very chocolately thing, and the "take away" breakfast pastry paled in comparision to the flaky butter goodness that are the pastries at Bouchon.

I really enjoyed our dinner.
We did not make reservations ahead to be seated by the fountain.
Service is exquisite and food is a delight.
Perfect for a date or anniversary.
Will definitely be back.

Three and a half stars.
This is supposed to be a two Michelin star restaurant, but it did not live up to it's honor.
There were three prixe fixe menus to choose from starting at $113 and up.
The amuse bouche was a nice shot of carrot soup and a pheasant fried roll.
We ordered two different menus, so in all got a good sample of what this place is all about.
The first course: butternut squash soup for the hubby and lobster salad for me.
Both were great.
We agreed the meal was off to a great start.
The lobster salad ended up being the best dish by the way.
The next course: big eye tuna and foie gras.
The tuna tartare lacked flavor , needed some serious pizazz .
Foie gras was prepared with a thin crisp wafer and some type of soy sauce with a spoonful of mash potatoes.
It wasn't bad.
Next was the entree: lamb chops and halibut-- big disappointments!
Not what we expected.
The flavors combined just didn't burst in your mouth-the way these meals are delicately prepared to do so.
We weren't automatically digging in for a second bite .
Already feeling deflated, we ended the night with lackluster desserts.
Mine was the fried rice pudding -came with mangoes and tart mango sorbet.
The other was a chocolate cake with chocolate ice cream.
'   Nothing spectacular.
The latter was better.
As for as the ambiance goes-very elegant.
We got a seat facing the Bellagio water show.
Execution great, details that went into creating and making the food needs work.
When you pay for the finest that means everything should be spot on,

We were excited about dining at Picasso after reading great reviews, but our table of six could not have been more disappointed in the experience.
We had heard there were two menu options, but when we arrived, only the $150 per person menu was offerred without apology.
It wasn't until I read the preceding review that I learned that the restaurant "ran out" of the lesser priced menu.
The amuse buche was bland--a red pepper puree soup with a tasteless fried "something" that we jokingly referred to as a "fish stick".
The Maine lobster was good enough, but the poached oysters were--again--bland.
I'm afraid the word "bland" could be sprinkled throughout this review.
The only star item--and I do mean the ONLY standout offerred--was the foie gras.
The main entree was the most disappointing.
There was not a single beef choice except a $150 upgrade for Kobe beef.
Among the included options was a choice of pigeon which our waiter explained had a taste very similar to liver and that it was hit with the Asian crowd.
Both seafood options--the halibut and swordfish were dry, overcooked, and tasteless.
On the other hand, my lamb was well prepared.
When the waiter stopped by at the end of our meal to ask how we enjoyed dinner, I told him that if he wanted an honest answer, he should know that we were very disappointed.
He said, "I'm sorry to hear that," then picked up our plates.
He could not have cared less.
To top it off, we tried six different desserts to share.
One in our party commented that one of the lavendar (we think) infused desserts tasted like soap.
We thought it was a joke, but in reality, she was right!
It remained untouched.
Our table of 6 spent over $1200 for our meal, and at that price, this restaurant deserves one star.
This was pedestrian fare at elegant prices.
Maybe it was the crowded Valentine's evening that caused the lackluster food.
In any case, it is unfair to charge standard prices for a sub-standard experience.
I called the restaurant this morning to share our experience, but they are not yet open.
I'll try again this afternoon, and I'll post back to this review about my discussion with the management.
Update 2-21-2010:  After calling Mr. Gilles Kolakowski, the manager of Picasso, I received a heartfelt apology for our disappointing evening.
He explained that Valentine's day found them with a significant spike in business.
In a follow up email, he asked that I contact him when we return to Las Vegas, so he could personally make a reservation for us.
Mr. Kolakowski promised that during our next visit to Picasso, he and his staff would demonstrate why the restaurant has routinely received rave reviews.
I am satisfied with the outcome, and I look forward to our next evening there.

Picasso was a good meal, but there are better in Vegas (I had a better meal upstairs at Le Cirque if you are looking for something in the Bellagio)  Reading the Yelp reviews we made sure to get a table near the fountains, but if I were to go again I would request a table on the other side of the service table - the dining was more intimate there.
The fountains are cool, but you can see them from the strip, and during a fine meal they were un-neccessary noise.
Why 3 stars?
While our server was excellent, the service overall felt disorgainized.
There were many times that our wine pairing would come out several minutes before the dish (or the option to get wine was only offered after desert was served).
Our personal server had excellent personality and attention, but overall the co-ordination between the front and the back of the house was disjointed and sloppy at this price point.
The wine pairing was the worst I have experienced at this level of dining.
Two of the wines served during our meal I can buy at the local Whole Foods for less than $20 a bottle.
While the flavors mached the food, the quality did not.
The wine steward should have taken time to understand who we were and serve appropriately (I mentioned that we had a Torrontes when we were on a tasting trip to Mendoza so it did not require as much exclaimation, but this was lost on him).
I had to surpress a giggle when he was talking about the paring of Tokaji with Foie Gras (fairly standard if you do not go French).
Also, when a pairing with the meal is purchased, it usually includes a pairing with the desert course, We waited for a bit staring at melting ice cream before realizing it would not come out.
The food was good overall, and kept in pace with other fine dining restaurants.

Such an amazing dining experience.
The ambience is beautiful, with muted lighting, bold paintings aplenty, gorgeous decor, and a front-row view of the Bellagio fountains.
The food was, accordingly, exquisite.
Definitely opt for the wine pairings if you go with the prix fixe menus, because the sommelier here absolutely knows their stuff.
Standout dishes were the foie gras steak which was seared with an amazing crust, the poached oysters which were prepared with the most amazing vermouth-based sauce (seriously, I don't think I've ever tried as hard to get every last drop of sauce out of the half-shells and into my mouth), and the seared veal chop which was perfectly tender and juicy and served with a very light au jus.
Desserts were fantastic also.

I have been to a lot of restaurants and I would have to say this is probably one of the best I have been to.
The food was unbelievable.
It is probably one of the best prix fixe dinners that I have had in vegas.
It is a good value for what you get.
It was enough food but didn't feel overstuffed.
Our party sat out on the patio and watched the fountains.
The service was excellent.
I can not say enough good things about this place.
If you are thinking of trying it make sure you do.

Where else can you dine.
wine, AND take photos of Picasso paintings?
While I am a lover of all kinds of food, from hole in the wall $1/meal stands in Asia to Michelin star restaurants, I can't say that I am an expert in critquing courses of this caliber.
Two months ago was my second time dining here.
The first was when I was a mere teenager and unaware of degustation menus.
Now as a proclaimed foodie, I'll have to say that this restaurant made me loovee foie gras, pigeon, 30 year old dessert wine, and fine dining even more!
If anything, sitting feet away from the Bellagio fountain and Picasso paintings make the $200/person meal almost worth it!
Sorry that I am not more descriptive of the food but I sure am a sucker for the ambience.
The highlight was being able to take photos of Picassos!
No museum in the world would allow you to do that with flash...

Without a doubt, the most expensive meal I have ever had - but before you run away, here is our story...
Came here with my best friend and his wife (a definite fine dining aficionado) as one of our "last hurrah" outings before kids... hence my wife was about 3 months pregnant and still nauseous most of the time.
HINT - rich food and morning sickness are not compatible, hence I ended up eating BOTH prix fixe dinners (poor wife could only manage some table bread and a little of the sorbet that they served between courses while the friend's wife was moaning in ecstasy with every bite of foie gras).
Anyhow, there are plenty of reviews here to vouch for the food, the service, the atmosphere, the experience - and they are all spot on.
Just wanted to share our story.
Will definitely plan on taking the wife back there for one of our anniversaries.

When I think of "Fine Dining," I think of Picasso.
Food + Art = Culinary Arts at its finest.
From the original works by Picasso gracing the walls, to a waterside view of the Bellagio water show during dinner, the ambiance does not get any better than this.
The service in this Michelin two star rated restaurant is top notch.
The attentive servers never need to be asked to do anything for you, as they appear and disappear magically on cue, before one can even sense a need to have a glass refilled or move on to the next course of the meal.
And the prix fix menu created by Julian Serrano makes me drool all over myself whenever I think about it.
From the Amuse Bouche, to the U-10 Day Boat Scallops, to the Foix Gras (that hubby cannot stop raving about), all the way to dessert and delightful little gift box of petit fours they gave me as we left the restaurant, Picasso is definitely one of Vegas' finest.
I give this restaurant an A+ for Ambiance, Service and Fine Cuisine.
When making reservations, request a waterside table if you want some of the best seats for the Bellagio water show.

This place is great for all the reasons that have been listed.
I've never had a poached oyster that tasted anywhere as heavenly as the one i had here.
The food is superb.
The staff was on target, they were efficient.
Mostly.
I give only three stars because if you have a food allergy, namely a nut allergy - be forewarned.
We were promised not a peanut would be in one dish that we ordered.
We were in love with our meal, after dessert they brought out a platter of pinafores - which in my opinion is never needed.
We were delightfully full and the pinafores always tip you over the edge into "stuffed" category.
Anyway - although there was supposedly no peanuts in the offending piece of cookie, there could be "trace amounts".
Needless to say my husbands system was wrecked for about 24 hours.
I know the waiter felt bad, but I honestly felt it could have been handled better and not only that but all wait staff should ingredient-knowledgable, INCLUDING what the pastery chef may or may not assemble before dinner hours.

We loved this place.
It was the most amazing dining experience I've ever had.
Even with the size of the bill ($1300 for 6 people), it was still very much worth the trip.
I will definitely be back.

Peace,  Easy Review:  Overpriced and Overrated.
This place is supposedly a "world class" restaurant.
Its at the Bellagio, it's got a view of the fountains, and there are original Picasso paintings scattered around the restaurant.
So you think, shyte!--this place has to be good, right?
The Picasso folks forgot one little detail.
If you are gonna charge $500 for a dinner for two, the food should be at least decent.
The food at Picasso lacked the luster and appeal of even a mediocre or average Las Vegas restaurant.
It just didn't pop the way gourmet food usually does.
There is nothing specifically bad for me to point to about the food--it's more like one of those "you-know-it-when-you-see-it" type of things--and the dishes here just didn't bring it.
The VERY limited options in the menu didn't help either.
If you ask me, you are better off going a little less "foofy" and a little more "yummy" and pass on this place.
The Bellagio has several other restaurants that are delicious and much less expensive.

2 Stars because of the ambiance (artwork), the manager was very accommodating and the service was really good.
The food wasn't what it should have been for its Michelin-star rating.
I did the tasting menu and I found all the dishes to be pretty bland.

So that's two places on the lake that I wouldn't go to again.
All signs pointed to Picasso being great but a couple of days after eating there I can't remember anything that really stood out.
I cannot remember this place if you are looking to spend this kind of money.
So far I recommend Aureole and Micheal Mina.
I'll hit up more of the fine dining next time I'm in Vegas.

Really wanted this place to be great, but it just wasnt.
After checking out the various new Vegas options, my wife and I made our reservations at Picasso.
We arrived, and did have a great table against the window, with a view of the fountains.
We enjoyed the physical atmosphere, and yes, the paintings are nice, but that was all that got this place the second star.
As far as the dining experience, it was rushed and unprofessional, with scattered presentation and even more scattered service.
We ordered two tasting menus with wine pairings, and were looking forward to a relaxed evening.
It was not meant to be.
The plates came out one right after the other; I could not believe I was being rushed through a $600 meal...    Half way through I mentioned it to the server, and he offered to let us have desert on the patio.
I dont know if that was supposed to actually make up for it, because it did not really  sound like a great idea to get wet from the fountain blowback.
The sommelier was literally dripping with sweat, and when I asked him about one of the wines, he pounded out his note card version of his thoughts and ran to another table.
Needless to say, not that relaxing, and not worth the cash.
The food, you are wondering?
Average.
Seriously, I have have been to plenty of fancy restaurants, and this did not make the short list of good ones.
We were looking for something remarkable, and if you are too, look elsewhere.
(I was going to give 2 stars, but by the time I got to the end, I was irritated all over again, hence the 1)

Weak deserts, one of the weakest deserts ever had at a french restaurant.
The lobster salad appetizer needed more as well, felt like something I could have made at home.
The scallop and steak Foie Gras on the otherhand was superb, one of the best cooked scallop I've had.
For the price, it was definately worth it, $132 is pretty cheap, considering you are getting lobster, scallop, big piece of foie gras, lamb rack and desert.
Potions were great, seating by the Bellagio fountain was great and service was excellent.
If they upped their desert I would be back for another try.

Absolutely the ultimate fusion of Romance, Excellence and Unforgetableness!

I came here on my birthday with my parents, and was extremely pleased with the meal we got.
It was one of the best meals I have ever had, comparing with 2-star Michelin rated restaurants in Italy and Spain.
We ordered the 5 course tasting menu, which cost around $110.
We brought two bottles of wine, so it ended up costing a little more, but the corkage was only around $35, so it was worth bringing in our own wines.
We had bottles of wine that we had been waiting to open for two decades, so we appreciated that Picasso did not try to charge $50/ bottle or simply not let us bring it in at all.
The story I have heard about Picasso is that when Steve Wynn was opening up Bellagio, he asked Julian Serrano, who at the time was the Executive Chef at Masa in San Francisco, to come and open up a restaurant in his hotel.
When Serrano politely denied the offer, Wynn decided to "go all in" and offer to decorate his restaurant at the Bellagio with $30 million worth of Picasso paintings and other artistic decorations from Picasso.
Being a Spaniard, Serrano could not refuse this offer, and opened up "Picasso" at Bellagio.
It has been one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas ever since it's opening.
Our meal was worth every penny, including all the fine things in life such as Lobster, Caviar, Foie Gras, and Lamb.
Every dish was well portioned (not too small, not too large), and we left very content.
All of the dishes were a wonderful fusion of Spanish and French, which defines Julian Serrano's cuisine.
The lobster was perfectly cooked, the Foie Gras was some of the best I have ever had, and the Lamb was also perfectly cooked.
I am not one who will give 5 stars to any nice restaurant.
In fact, I am very picky when I pay this much (over $100/ person) for a meal.
Julian Serrano came through with an amazing meal, and Picasso came through with the decorations... or should I say Steve Wynn came through.
Either way, I'm very glad Steve Wynn knew how to get a Spanish chef to come to Bellagio.
Otherwise, I may not have had the opportunity to taste his food.

We loved the art and the whole abiance of the place - it will give you a good LV experience, especially if this is your first time in LV.. We've been always meaning to have dinner here, but felt it would be too much of a tourist trap, so finally we tried it.
I thought the main course and appetizers were better then deserts, but overall, we had a good experience and would certainly come again..
There're definitely other 5 star places in LV, slighly off the beaten path, but this restarant is definitely in the top 10 in my experience (for Vegas and taking the fact that Bellagio has TOn of foot traffic, tourists, etc, Picasso managed to not turn into a revolving door of just eaters.. if you know what i mean).

When i heard about the 2 Michelin stars awarded to this restaurant 2 years in a row, I had to find out if it lived up to its reputation.
I was pleasantly surprised.
The restaurant itself is nestled on the ground floor in the Bellagio hotel near the shops.
The atmosphere was very cozy and warm with an "Old World" feel.
Real Picasso paintings flank the entire restaurant, which was quite impressive.
We were seated  at the bar first, and proceeded to order a glass of bubbly, which was kindly suggested by the bartender.
it was light and crisp and set the mood for a celebratory evening.
after about 10 minutes, we were seated by the window, where you can see the bellagio water show.
ask in advance for window seats, you won't regret it!.
The waiters and staff were all very cordial and friendly.
I ordered the prix fixe menu, which offered five courses, including dessert.
first course: main lobster salad - the lobster was plump and absolutely delicious!
second course:pan seared U-10 day boat scallops - the scallops were seared to perfection.
they had a crisp exterior and upon cutting it with my fork, it was so smooth and buttery.
mmmmmm third course: sauteed "A" foie gras - smooth and savory!
foie gras can be very rich, but with how it was prepared, it was velvety heaven!
fourth course:filet of turbot- tender flaky filet with a smooth and creamy hollandaise that makes your mouth water.
fifth course:roasted lamb chops-i love lamb and picasso did not disappoint!
it was absolutely amazing!
The meat was so tender and the aroma was mild and the meat literally fell off the bone.
AMBROSIA!
Dessert was phenomenal as well...highly recommnded!

If you love the artist, it is a wow factor, as there are real pieces of his artwork within the restaurant walls.
We sat out on the terrace and had a view of the Bellagio lake and the dancing water.
So beautiful.
Even the mist that followed : ) First I had a baby quail egg with caviar and sturgeon.....whoah, I could have made a meal off of those as they were served on small skewers.
Then you make 2 selections, 1 entree selection, and then your dessert selection.
I had no alcohol, however, I heard the wine pairing done by their sommelier is so fantastic and worth doing!
My tuna tartare with cucumber was the best I ever had....double amazing My turbot over asparagus with an accompanying sauce was also double amazing.
Dessert, wow!!
I had the warmed peach with raspberry sorbet and also had a taste of the orange bread pudding.
Now I know why it is Michelin rated.
Do not pass this one up, if you get the chance!

In a nutshell:  Food: 3.5 stars Service: 4.5 stars P/C: 3.5 stars  I went to this restaurant on a number of times and the most recent was at the end of July (but my review is really cumulative).
There were two of us - my and my girlfriend.
I called in ahead of time to request for the seat that would have the fountain view and...we got it!
The restaurant was pretty empty right at 6pm when they first opened for dinner so we got all the attention from the servers that we could ask for.
We got a bottle of duval-leroy paris collection to celebrate.
one of us opted for the degustation menu (5 courses) and the other the pre-fix menu (4 courses).
In the appetizer section - we got an assortment of the poached oysters with caviar on top, pan seared scallops, pan-seared foie gros, foie-gros torchon, and main lobster salad.
Frankly, nothing was memorable.
The seafood dishes were well executed and nicely seasoned but nothing that wowed me.
The foie gras torchon was very nicely executed although I believe that the pan seared foiegras was a bit over done (bordering tough).
For the main course, I got the veal chop and my girlfriend the halibut.
The halibut was once again...well treated and executed but nothing more than an average.
The veal chop on the other hand, was awesome - it was tender, very well seared and cooked to perfect medium for my liking.
It was the highlight of the night.
The desserts - I got the chocolate fondant cake and my girlfriend the melon three ways.
Nothing too memorable either.
If a two-star restaurant can't move me in the dessert area, then there's a problem in my opinion.
Now onto the service - we couldn't have asked for a more seamless and courteous service from the floor staff.
They were never intrusive and kept their light-heartedness and cool the whole time.
We were there for over 3.5 hours and they were perfect.
The maitre d' on the other hand - I don't know what the hell was wrong with her.
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed?
Had a fight with her boyfriend/girlfriend?
Ate something that gave her a constipation?
She was monotone and not happy.
Having beautiful eye lashes and walking on her pretty skinny legs may be one qualification but maintaining a professional and absolutely courteous demeanor is THE qualification.
Maybe I should have slipped her a $20 and maybe things may have gone better.
The decor - awesome.
Dining with millions of dollars worth of picasso pieces...just freaking great.
In conclusion:  If they can really kick it up a notch with the dishes and replace the maitre d' that clearly needs metamucil, I'd love to return to this very special joint!!

A view of the water works at the Bellagio hotel alone is reason enough to dine here.
However, the dining experience is first rate.
As a wine addict I was impressed by the depth and diversity of Picasso's wine list.
The sommeliers are knowledgeable ( including a Master Sommelier) and they make good recommendations.
I had the tasting menu: quail salad, red shrimp with shashito pepper juice, and lamb chops.
The cooking was superb and the presentation of dishes was very creative.
The menu changes daily.

Let me start with the positive: Original Picasso paintings adorn the walls, the decor is very elegant, fresh flowers fill the tables, and we got the best table in the house -- with a great view of the Bellagio fountains, which made it all the more romantic.
Now, moving on to the mediocre: the food just wasn't out of this world.
I think Picasso relies on the paintings to keep people coming.
However, they need to up the ante on their food because I was not impressed.
I was also irked by how people were taking pictures of the paintings.
NOT cool.
Have some class, please?

Ignoring the weight on my conscience, the foie gras grilled over toasted brioche with poached fig and fig glaze was one of the most luscious bites I've ever had.
The roast lamb was also nothing short of amazing as it was buttery tender with a caramelized glaze on the outer skin of the roast.
Avocado and Lobster salad was light with sweet springy meat.
My neighbor had the main lobster ($40 upgrade) and I looked over with food envy.
Desserts were absolute works of art visually.
My chocolate lava cake (don't remember what they call it there) was good though a bit on the sweet end in my opinion, but most people would love it.
We were there for a work function and service was good overall.
We did feel they seemed a bit too anxious to make sure our dinner guests knew there was a $250 white truffle option, or to point the top end wine selections... my CEO and I were a bit turned off about that detail.
But, that's all in the perception I suppose... generally the dinner was a success.
Ambiance was great... very impressive location next to the Bellagio fountain/lake.
Great floral arrangements and the Picasso's make great talking pieces.
For the food and ambiance, I'd go back.

Best foie gras ever tasted and attentive helpful service that guided us through the experience.
Only 2 minor issues: Maine lobster was replaced by crab, and turbot course was over salted

I was really excited to come here, as this would be only my 2nd two-Michelin star restaurant experience to date.
Unfortunately, I went away a tad disappointed; I expected a 2-Michelin star restaurant to give me a 5-(Yelp) Star experience.
Food: 4 stars Service: 2 stars Decor: 5 stars  First, lemme start off with the decor.
It's usually not that important to me, but it's hard to (and you shouldn't) ignore it at Picasso.
They have over $100M worth of Picasso originals hanging on the walls, right behind dining tables.
Why each piece isn't protected with a glass case is beyond me, but it's really cool.
Now for the food.
I opted for the Prix Fixe menu, as opposed to the Menu Degustation.
My first course was a carrot and ginger soup with sauted maine ruby red shrimp.
Tasty.
My second course was a sauted filet of salmon with cauliflower mousseline and saffron sauce.
Even tastier.
The main course was braised short ribs with potato gratin and bleu cheese.
I thought the potato gratin was delicious; there was bleu cheese between each layer of potatoes, which made it really enjoyable.
For dessert, I opted for the "oatmeal cookie", which was a flan, with bits of oatmeal cookie, grape sorbet, and some raisins and grapes.
I didn't really enjoy the dessert that much.
Overall, the food was good but I've certainly had better at "lesser" restaurants (both in price and prestige).
Lastly, the service was way below what you'd expect from a 2-Michelin star restaurant.
The servers weren't rude, per se, but they made too many mistakes.
After telling our waiter that we'd need only a couple more minutes to decide, he didn't come back to our table for at least another 15 minutes.
Twice they served plates to the wrong person at the table; the second time, one of them blamed the waiter (in front of us) for telling him the wrong position at the table.
If you're counting, that's 3 strikes right there.
Also, when I ordered our 2nd bottle of wine, the server let my friend (the other guy at our table) do the pre-pour taste.
I'm not a wine connoisseur by any means, but you have to get that right!!!
I may be a little bit picky, but when you're paying steep prices for fine dining, it's expected that a 2-Michelin star restaurant executes every single bit of detail to near-perfection, if not to perfection.
You may have 2-Michelin stars, but you're only getting 3 Yelp stars from me (and no, service, food, and decor aren't weighted equally in my book).

Two Michelin Star Five Diamond Rated  The food was alright, it's not something I'll crave again.
The real Pablo Picasso art was impressive though.
I had the 5-course tasting menu.
Chicken croqueta with a tomato based soup: It was a good sample of Julian Serrano's tapas restaurant in Aria.
Main Lobster Salad with an Apple Champagne Vinaigrette: It was good.
Pan Seared Scallop: one of the better scallop dishes I've had.
The crispy outside soaked up some flavor that made the dish.
Foie Gras: Not the way I prefer it, but was alright.
Turbot with Asparagus in Hollandaise sauce: It was very plain.
Quince (fruit similar to an apple and a pear): the sorbet and drink were the better variations.
www.anitaeat.com

2 of my friends and I did the tasting menu with wine pairings here a couple of years ago.
The service is good, food is great.
Elegant t the point of being borderline stuffy.
Amazing wine pairings.
Sommelier was a bit uptight, but I guess that can be expected.
My friend made a joke about something while he was at the table and he gave us the royal cold shoulder the rest of the evening.
Highlight of the evening: A 96' Chateau d'Yquem mid meal.
100 million in Picasso artwork doesn't seem to hurt either.
As for a 2 star Michelin restaurant..I think it is probably more in the 1 or 1.5 category.

Excellent food and delicately prepared.
Can't say that I crave anything I've ever eaten there.
It's not a place I lust for going back to.

Yes, a great place with fresh & first class food ingredients, prepared in a creative and thoughtful way.
The ambiance is fantastic (admitting to not being a great fan of Picasso, although I do enjoy the Picasso museum in Paris....I guess I am conflicted with Picasso), the food is awesome ... perfectly and "artfully" prepared and provided with great and thoughtful service.
Again a convenient and worthwhile place to enjoy a meal when on the strip or staying at the big B.
... or not.
Yes, as one review said, if you insult (made a joke ?
) the Sommelier,  will ignore you.
Surprise, Surprise, Surprise.
Another tip for the Sommelier insulter: don't attempt to remove one of the Picasso's from the wall .... they do maintain security measures.

4.5 stars.
we did the tasting course and it was AMAZING.
the real Picasso artwork lining the walls was a nice touch and helped enlighten an art philistine such as myself.
a few things that stood out: the trio of melon dessert and the foie gras.
yum!
it's a splurge, but much worth it.

Already?
It's been a month since I started being a Yelper and it's already my 100th review!
To make my 100th special, I thought hard (for about 2 min) on which restaurant I should write about...
Simply enough, I decided to write on my favorite restaurant Picasso.
Honestly, I like checking out Michelin Star restaurants, but I am not always impressed because I become more of a critical reviewer at restaurants that costs more.
Yes, I am a believer for paying for chef's art, beautiful atmosphere and best service, but "food" should taste extra good (because good is not enough) to deserve such a high-end restaurant name, no?
Picasso satisfied all.
Even with all the restaurants I have been to, it's one of rare restaurants that brought "WOW........................(speechless)" from me.
Mind-blowing food, amazing artwork of Picasso, great service, decent price (what you are getting), there is really nothing to complain about!!
ATMOSPHERE Picasso didn't disappoint with their decor.
Overall, the ambiance was sophisticated and elegant.Well over $100M original works by Picasso on the walls everywhere, your eyes are immediately happy.
I just wonder why each piece isn't protected with a glass!
Although we requested "somewhere romantic", we were led to a cozy booth and were only able to peek at Bellagio's water show.
If you can, sit by the window!
SERVICE What you would expect from two Michelin Star restaurant; the service was impeccable.
They appear and disappear magically on cue, fulfilling everything you wanted and even those you didn't know you needed.
Sommelier here was also amazing!
We wanted to find the wine we drank on our first date & surely... after detailed description & trying to track down the taste we had of French Pinot Gris, the knowledgeable sommelier found it for us!!!!!!
Yes, finding the rare wine we had on our first date definitely helped set the mood & made our dining much more special at Picasso.
FOOD Words cannot describe how amazing this dining experience was.
The entire meal did last long, about 2.5 hrs for us, so make sure you don't have a show to catch after the meal!
We ordered the Prix Fixe menu & Menu Degustation, because we wanted to try more....Well, and also because I wanted certain things on top of what I wanted to eat!
It's easier to like food I already love.
However, what I can say about the Picasso's food is that there were many items I don't usually eat -- such as oysters & foie gras -- but they were DELICIOUS and I would return for more.
Even my bf who doesn't like gamey meat like deer & who 'hates' foie gras, enjoyed everything.
That's when I know that the food is SPECTACULAR...   -Olive bread - Good, but what's better?
The butter!
Yup.
The butter with Picasso writing on it, which we ruined shortly after receiving...  -Amuse Bouche - 1) mushroom soup with chives and almond & 2) brioche with foie gras smear & apple.
Both were good & got us excited for the main courses -Poached oysters - I don't eat oysters.
But my foodie friends that recommended Picasso to me raved about their poached oysters & I really wanted to try it!
Surely, it was unbelievably tasty!
Creamy and sweet, with the slightly saltiness!
-Maine lobster salad - Light and refreshing!
The salad had huge pieces of lobster meat with tiny balls of different melons.
Not only was it visually appealing, it was delicious!
Although simple, it could be my favorite.
A good way to start to the night.
-Scottish salmon - Not your ordinary salmon!
Super creamy & buttery, this was my bf's favorite.
-Pan seared scallops - Scallops were seared to PERFECTION period!
One of the best scallop, if not the best, I have ever had!
-Steak of foie gras - Again, I am not a fan of foie gras... but this was smooth and savory!
Unlike really rich foie gras that can be overwhelming, this was prepared buttery yet clean; with almost like a super tender steak!
-Fallow deer - Of course, still gamey than steak, but this deer was tender and savory.
Definitely the best deer I've had.
-Halibut - I picked this over roasted lamb chops, because my bf is not a lamb lover.
The halibut was cooked to perfection with clean taste.
-Blood orange and raspberry glace - I chose this, as I am a blood orange lover.
Wow!
-Blackberry linzer tart -Bf & I both chose this for his selection of dessert.
From this dessert, our fav was the black muscat sorbet!
Yummm.
-Mini dessert plate - As if we were not fed enough, the mini truffles and other tiny bites were very good!
-Cookie box to take home!
This, we had as 'breakfast' the next morning & it was goooood!
Buttery layers of crisp cookies!
You are looking at around $150 for the fixed menu, adding a bottle of wine for $100+ to finish ~$450+ for two with good tip.
(Thank you, BF!
) Although definitely not cheap, it's not as over priced as some other restaurants & I do think it's worth every penny.
With A+ for Food, Ambiance, and Service, it's impossible for me not to recommend Picasso.
I love you, chef Julian Serrano!

The most expensive bill I paid at a restaurant so far but a great experience for a special occasion: authentic Picasso paintings on the wall, premium service, great foods and an amazing view on the water show of the Bellagio.

Truly breathtaking in every way.
The art inside is a one-of-a-kind experience.
The fountains outside are a one-of-a-kind experience.
The food is tremendous.
The tasting menu with wine pairing is superb, and the service is first-class without being stuffy.
This is a top 10 in the world restaurant.
The only place in Las Vegas that compares favorably is Joel Robucon at the Mansion at the MGM Grand (with their 15 course tasting menu!

Been here twice, the last time was in Jan 2011.
The restaurant itself is beautiful in it's decor and the Picasso paintings are breathtaking and beautiful.
It IS business casual dress & the service is very very good.
The Sommelier here really knows his wines and was not only helpful but enlightened us about some wine regions.
We ordered the tasting menu & allow me to say that the Lobster Salad was outstanding.
Perfect in every way.
Of course I am a big fan of Julian Serrano & love his food.
I first had his cuisine at Masa;'s in San Francisco and I was hooked instantly!
The menu here at Picasso offers fish as well as Steak, Lamb etc....The Halibut with Asparagas was outstanding and the Hollandaise sauce was the best I have ever tasted & perfectly balanced.
The halibut was cooked perfectly and the portion was the right size.
My husband had the "A" Steak and he said it was outstanding.
This experience lasted well over 2 hours and it was totally enjoyable.
Prices are high but in Vegas it is what you expect to pay at a restaurant of this caliber, meaning a Michelin Star restaurant.
The service is good and the food is beautiful to look at.
After all you begin to eat with your eyes !

Fantastic food, service and atmosphere.
The sommelier was extremely friendly and very knowledgeable.
The decor was amazing to say the least.
It was a tremendous experience.

Full review in blog:  Notes on their degustation.
Arriving as we sipped our drinks the nightly amuse would be Cold Smoked Scottish Salmon, Caviar, Cucumber, Quail Egg, Crme Fraiche, and Potato Leek Soup.
Served curled around the crme fraiche the salmon was excellent - more firm than a sashimi prep, but similar in taste.
With the caviar somewhat less briny than others I've tasted it worked well with the somewhat sour crme while the egg added its characteristic creamy flavor.
The Potato soup was a commendable potage - the creamy texture balanced nicely with the onions and chives.
With myself ordering the 5-course degustation, largely unchanged over many years at Picasso, and Erika opting to go Prix Fixe for more choices our first courses would arrive simultaneously.
For my first dish, Maine Lobster Salad - Apple-Champagne Vinaigrette was ample in portion, elegant in presentation, and lovely on the palate.
With thick chunks of chilled lobster in a light cream sauce serving as the base, the "salad" was essentially microgreens tossed with apple-cider accented vinaigrette atop.
Flanked by melon balls and tomatoes of varying colors the dish was quite light, a wonderful opening volley even if it was much more "lobster" than "salad.
"  Course two was a Pan Seared U-10 Day Boat Scallop with Potato Mousseline and Jus de Veau.
Served with a potato crisp standing playfully behind the single monstrous scallop the dish looked beautiful and the tastes were lovely, albeit predictable with the savory veal reduction balancing the sweet scallop.
With the creamy potato puree loaded with butter the place where this dish missed was in the centerpiece - gorgeously caramelized to the point of a near brulee on the exterior the scallop was simply a bit too well done at its center.
While certainly a competent and lovely preparation the fact remains that perhaps twenty less seconds on the pan could have elevated it to a whole different level.
The next course would provide my sister with an empty charger while I would receive the Sauted "A" Steak of Foie Gras with Poached Pears, Huckleberries, Crushed Pistachios, Lemon Zest, and Rhubarb.
A large steak of 3-4 ounces of high quality and perfectly cleaned Foie Gras, the liver itself was everything you would expect.
Placed atop a "cake" of compressed pistachio and topped with roasted crunchy pistachios kissed with lemon the textures were a nice contrast and exceptionally complimentary.
Swirled with rhubarb reduction and plated alongside a poached pear with huckleberries this dish did not attempt to reinvent the wheel, but it was quite memorable for its classic approach.
The main course was Roasted Lamb Chops with Sweet Bell Pepper Farci turned out to be quite the substantial portion - easily 7-8oz including the bone.
Prepared rare and extremely juicy yet easily cut with the side of the fork this was without a doubt a top-5 all time lamb preparation.
Presented simply with rosemary, a stack of buttery potatoes, and a mlange of sweet bell peppers this would prove my favorite dish of the evening, regardless of how good the Foie Gras was.
Hazelnut and Coffee Opera with Coffee Hazelnut Ice Cream and Brown Sugar Filberts was quite impressive in presentation.
With a thin wedge of moist cake served on edge with a "shadow" of Hazelnut dust the flavor and texture of the cake was somewhere between almond dacquoise and tiramisu.
Resting happily next to the tall and proud cake, a small ball of similarly flavored ice cream atop candied nuts - creamy and crunchy, a nice cake and ice cream combination but certainly nothing to write home about.
Making our way from Picasso I must say I left with mixed emotions - not because anything was bad - as a matter of fact, everything was quite good.
The issue was that aside from a lovely Christmas Eve with my little sister at a restaurant that seemed unattainable a mere 8 years ago, nothing was "great" aside from the dcor and art.
In the end I think Picasso has maintained its place in the Vegas culinary scene - it is just that many other restaurants, and my own personal dining preferences, have perhaps grown to be something more.

I've been here twice and it is hands down the best dining experience I've ever had.
Get the tasting menu, it's totally worth it.
It is fancy without being pretentious.
The waiters and sommelier were fabulous.
I guess I don't have to say anything about decor-- Picasso everywhere.

Very good Mediterrenean food.
Enjoy the food, the great ambiance and the Picasso paintings.
A memorable experience.

Had their degustation menu with wine pairing.
Service is the greatest compared with all the restaurants we have been.
We didn't need to ask for anything throughout the dinner except  the check.
The restaurant looks elegant with great view of the fountain.
Food is very good as well as the selection of wine.
Definitely a Michelin starred restaurant quality!
We both had enjoyable time there.

My expectations were very high for dinner at this Michelin two-star rated restaurant.
Unfortunately, I think PIcasso suffers from the same malaise as many a Las Vegas luxury spot:  While quite good, something about the necessity of mass producing that product leaves the end result short of what you might find in a peer restaurant in New York or Chicago.
First, the space the restaurant occupies is very nice.
True to its name, several original PIcasso paintings adorn the walls.
The serene atmosphere of the dining room offers a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of the casino floor, only occasionally to be disturbed by the amazing water show of the Bellagio fountains outside.
The food, again, was very good with some particular highlights but did not rise to the level of providing a truly unique and special experience.
I had the tasting menu while my guest had the prix fixe.
The Maine Lobster Salad looked very good on the plate but was fairly pedestrian in taste.
The Sauteed "A" Steak of Foie Gras was very good, however I did not care much for the accompanying rhubarb and roasted pistachio.
The main course of Sauteed Filet of Turbot was a solid dish, though nothing extraordinary.
Of the other dishes I tried, I thought the Roasted Maine Lobster was very good, and the Beggar's Purse filled with chocolate risotto pudding may have been the dish of the night.
The level of service is about par with other high-end Vegas eateries.
Admittedly, I was hoping for something more along the lines of the outstanding service I received from another Michelin two-star, Charlie Trotter's in Chicago.
All of this is not in any way to say that Picasso is a bad restaurant.
However, I could not help but be a little bit disappointed, and I think Picasso would more appropriately fall among the Michelin one-stars.

The real deal,  fine dinning @ its finest.
Julian Serrano really  knocked this one out of the park.
French technique with a Spanish influence,  beautiful food.
Very delicious,  Service was spot on,  & the decor is very cool.
They have a bunch of original Picasso pieces hanging everywhere.
Sort of a museum feel,  totally worth every penny.
Special occasion in Vegas,  this is your place.
You can see the Bellagio water show from the dinning room.
Need I say more?

This rating is based on a dinner visit.
Atmosphere - 4:  Upscale, quiet, and very comfortable.
The restaurant overlooks the Bellagio fountains.
There is also a nice patio area outside if you want a close up fountain encounter.
And of course, if you love Picasso there are numerous originals occupying the walls.
Menu - 4:  Two fixed menu options that offer optional wine pairings at an extra cost.
Not the place to go if you want a wide variety of food choices.
That said, the menu was very well thought out and offered excellent dishes.
Service - 4: Big time kudos to the sommelier, he knew his stuff way beyond my ability to even evaluate him...he is crazy good at his job.
He spent a great deal of time covering the wines with us, and his selections for the pairing option were over-the-top good.
He was the highlight of the service experience.
We received good service from the rest of the staff as well.
The main reason I didn't give Picasso 5 stars is because after our meals were finished it took a very long time to get the check, even after we asked for it.
Food - 5:  The meals were fantastic and worthy of their high acclaim.
The deserts were fun and creative.
Presentation was very good, but not overly exciting.
Perhaps we expected more presentation flair because, well it's all about Picasso right?
Wine List - 5:  The wine list was the size of my Dad's old law books (the bigger ones!
), and just as heavy too!
Fantastic selection of old world wines.
Overall - 4:  Picasso is a Five Diamond, 2 Michelin Star restaurant with a reputation as one of the best dining spots in Las Vegas.
In my opinion, sometimes the highly rated, highly acclaimed places also generate highly elevated expectations.
Those expectations in turn can take a lot of the luster off the experience.
I think this was true in our case.
We expected a lot, and while our experience was very, very good, it just didn't quite deliver the bang-for-the-buck we were expecting.
Frankly, I also think there is just a little too much "Vegas" tarnishing an otherwise fantastic establishment.

Celebrated my friend's birthday here last night in Vegas.
This was definitely a memorable dining experience.
From the moment we walked in to the final gift pastries they left us with.
My friend had dietary restriction of no pork products and they accommodated us ahead of time and remembered all of our preferences.
A true 5 star experience.
I had the 4 course prixfixe menu while my friend had the 5 course degustation menu.
I had quail salad, fois gras cold mousse, veal chops while my friend had the lobster salad, scallop, seared fois gras and lamb chops.
This was my friend's first time in Vegas and his first multi course French dining experience, but it's my 20th time in Vegas, both of us were equally impressed, perhaps for slightly different reasons.
The ambience of the restaurant is also spot on, over looks the Bellagio fountains, genuine Picasso on the walls, upscale but not uptight, it really was just done right.
The dessert was the highlight, my friend ordered the beggars purse, which is risotto combined with chocolate mousse in a soft and crispy filo pastry.
They hand written Happy Birthday on the plate and the overall presentation was exquisite.
Now onto the wine list... Oh boy the wine menu was thicker than a school lecture book.
My friend didn't drink so we did not go for the wine pairing which I now regret, because the sommelier was amazing for the party next to us as I overheard his recommendations.
I will definitely try that next time.
I did have a glass of 2007 Syrah to go with my meal which was excellent.
The check came out to be about 300+ for two including tip.
It's comparable to other fine french dining such as Masas in SF.
I truly enjoyed it and would recommend to anyone looking for a special dining experience in LV.

Alright, in short, here are the pros and cons:  Pros: -There's an awesome view of the Bellagio water show outside the window - 11 million dollars worth of Picasso painting/artwork on the walls - Rated 2 star Michelen - Food is indeed  tasty - Service is attentive  Cons: - The place felt... a bit pompous.
- Take down the artwork, and this place is really only deserving of 1 Michelen star.
- The food, while well prepared and seasoned, was somewhat lacking character.
It felt uninventive and quite frankly, boring.
It's all been done before and felt really standard for a restaurant of that caliber.
To sum it up, there are plenty of better restaurants in Vegas to go to if you want to spend that kind of money.
It's not that it was bad per se... it just really wasn't all that remarkable.
Check please!

I was pretty impressed.
Dress Code wasn't an issue.
We were walking around all day and didn't have time to go back and change, so I was wearing jeans and a shirt with casual shoes.
No problems...
I like the fact that it wasn't as pretentious as some other michelin star restaurants.
the water show and paintings were pretty cool.
Pre Fixe with wine pairing Review (sommelier review at the bottom):  1) Amuse- 4/5- bell pepper soup with some kind of fried bird and a small piece of prosciutto.
My only issue with this is that the soup wasn't really a "one-bite" kind of deal, it was at least 3 gulps and i wasn't sure how to play them together.
2) Butternut Squash Soup 4/5- Paired with white.
I thought the soup was pretty good, it had marshmellows and some kind of mushroom concoction in the middle.
I thought it went well with the wine selected.
3) Foie Gras with Roasted Pineapple - 6/5- this was the best foie gras ever!
It was paired with a really sweet wine, might even have been a dessert wine.
But the pairing was absolutely amazing.
The foie came with bread, microgreens, a sweet jam, and the roasted pineapple.
The pineapple was almost "candyish" on the outside.
the combo was "the best i ever had, the best i ever had"  4) Short Rib- 4.5/5 - I think i should have opted for the Australlian Kobe.
The short rib was tender and great, but just wasn't anything I haven't had.
Prepared perfectly.
I thought there was a bit too much mash, and it wasn't stiff enough.
5) Desserts-  We had:  Chocolate Fondant-  2nd Favorite- it was good... but once again, wasn't too "different" Chocolate Beignets with peanut butter ice cream-  Favorite** The flavors were really rich and had a nice combo of textures (adding peanuts and other crunchy goodnesses)  6/7) Last two things you get is about 8 little truffle candies and when we left, we got a nice box with three "butterflies"/palmiers.
all good.... nothing bad...   Sommelier Review-  I thought he was great because he explained the tones/notes/flavors very well.
My only issue was that he talked a bit fast and i couldn't capture other information.
I am not a wine person, so when a sommelier tells me about where it grows and regions in spain/france that i've never heard it, that goes in one ear and through the other.
I think all sommeliers should ask "Your level of wine knowledge?"...
or maybe i'm just not getting it....
Loved Picasso... would go back again...

Came here and got the tasting menu with a foodie friend of mine.
We had gone to Guy Savoy the trip before (this was before I moved to Vegas) and wanted to compare.
Analysis?
Fantastic but not up to the level of a Guy Savoy on both an absolute level as well as value wise.
Slightly less expensive than Monsieur Savoy but I'd rather pay the extra and still with Guy.
In any case, there is definitely nothing wrong with the food here.
For a restaurant of this caliber perhaps the breads should have more variety and, frankly, quality.
Just wasn't memorable.
If they have the kobe beef add on I'd recommend getting that.
It was 100% the highlight of the meal.
Soup was a nice asparagus that was bright green and delicious.

Beautiful dining experience, truly delectable.
My husband and I had the pre fixe 5 course menu and it was sensational.
I can't remember the individual items, but suffice to say, it was amazing.

Wow.
Just WOW.
I was there for a celebratory dinner in February 2011.
I expected a great experience based on the reviews here, but was still impressed.
My husband and I had the degustation menu.
I was first impressed by the fact that they accommodated a party of 10 for whom they had no reservation.
The gentleman insisted he came down earlier in the day to make the reservation, but it was not in the books.
The staff took care of it quite neatly.
When we were seated for our 8:00 reservation, I was delighted to be seated at the window, with a perfect view of the fountains.
Lobster salad - good, not great.
I expected more flavor.
Very clean.
Pan seared scallops with potato mousseline - phenomenal!
Foie gras - I finally know it's just not my thing.
It was too rich for me.
Halibut - perfectly done.
Perfectly.
Asparagus done perfectly as well.
Beggar's Pouch - yummy bread and rice pudding (chocolate!
) stuffed in phyllo.
Then they brought out six bites of desserts.
After all that food, we just couldn't touch it.
Then, as we left, we were given a nice box of mini cinnamon palmiers.
A nice final touch.
The service was impeccable.
No hovering, no haughtiness, never felt uncomfortable.
The place was nice, not stuffy.
The Picassos on the wall were cool.
:)  What truly made this a five star for me was the EXTENSIVE list of single malt scotch.
YAY!!!!
I had the pleasure of having a 25 year Glenlivet.
So good, I had to come home and buy a bottle for myself.
Of course, it will only be used for special occasions, and will always remind me of this visit.
Will definitely come back again.

Overall, my wife and I had a fabulous time.
We had a delicious meal, and got to sit within feet of several gorgeous Picassos.
I don't really know of anywhere else I could eat and say the same thing.
We were originally seated right next to the waiter station, and it was really noisy.
I politely asked to be re-seated, and we were in a nicer, quieter table in seriously 30 seconds.
We got the degustation menu with wine pairing.
Our favorite courses were the scallops (my wife still talks about how perfectly they were cooked) and the foie gras.
I also loved the lamb - I have never had tastier lamb, bar none.
To be frank, the wine pairing was good, but not memorable.
We really had a good time, and enjoyed ourselves.
It was a memorable night.
However, for the price, I do not know that we would return.
It was nearly 500 with tip.
Not a knock on the place, the food and wine just wasn't worth a return visit given the price.
I know it is Vegas, but still.
It was an experience, but I doubt we would go back.

All the courses up until the main were perfect...
I was expecting the main course to blow me away.
Unfortunately, it did not.
My halibut lacked flavor, and for the price - I was expecting much more.

One of the greatest meals of all time (not exaggerating either).
Had the three course prix fixe menu (note the only have prix fixe menu in either 4 or 3 courses) with wine pairing.
The first course was a quail salad with an amazing Piniot Gris from France.
The second was a foie gras with the size of a filet minon.
The second wine was like a port which went well with the foie gras.
Had the veal chop as the main course which melted in my mouth.
The third wine was tasty but didn't compare to the first two.
Meal and service were amazing.
I'd definitely go back.
This $250 meal was definitely a steal.

A 5 star dining experience in every respect.
I was greeted at the podium by two lovely ladies who both expressed a hearty "welcome back" to me.
I was shown to my table which was one row in from the windows overlooking the Bellagio fountains.
The table was waiting for me.
There was just one chair and one place setting waiting.
My server was Blake.
He had a great sense of humor, was helpful when I asked for a suggestion (later at dessert time), and he was there without hovering.
I noticed him approaching out of the corner of my eye when I was taking a photo and he just detoured to the next table.
When I was done, he came back.
He said I wouldn't want his hand in my photo.
I got the dgustation menu.
There was an amuse-bouche--a small tea cup with some red bell pepper soup and a pheasant croquette.
The soup was very tasty and the croquette was equally tasty.
A nice way to start.
Bread service is not the usual basket on the table.
A bus person comes around and gives you two types of bread.
This is one area that could use a little upgrading, but best not to fill up on bread so I give Picasso a pass on this point.
First course--lobster salad.
I enjoyed the taste of the "salad" and the plating was whimsically done.
This is really not a salad, but a dish with a mound of lobster and some micro greens, pear tomato halves, some tiny melon balls, and some whole pink peppercorns which was a delight to chew along with the salad.
Second course--One scallop on a mound of potato mousseline with a ring of veal jus.
There was one very thin, lightly fried potato slice that was bent and sticking up like a little covering for the scallop.
Excellent presentation.
The scallop was perfect!
Third course--Foie gras.
A superb piece of foie gras with some almond slices, roasted pistachio pieces (ground) and a small brioche with rhubarb filling.
The plating had one line of tangerine sauce connection the foie gras with the brioche.
Fourth course--I chose the Colorado rack of lamb.
It's not really a rack of lamb but rather was a think lamb medallion that I asked to be done rare and it was exactly the way it should be.
Again, the plating was impeccably done.
Dessert--What to get?
The dessert menu had 6 choices.
When Blake came by and I asked his advice, he pointed to two choices, both of which were at the top of my list.
He tipped the scale in favor of the chocolate truffle beignets.
Imagine three small round beignets filled with warm chocolate truffle, accompanied by peanut butter ice cream.
The ice cream was atop a small tart of rich creme that had some large pearl tapioca in it.
There was a small piece of crackled peanut butter by the tart.
This was an absolute fine ending to a wonderful meal.
Again I have to mention the plating.
This is what makes a dining experience like this memorable.
After dessert, you're given a small tray with 7 truffles.
Obviously this would be for two people.
Since I was by myself, I made the sacrifice and ate them all.
One was a miniature lemon meringue tart!
Heaven!
About the service.
There was one bus person and one waiter assigned to the tables in my area.
The bus person was always there refilling my iced tea, taking plates away, asking if I wanted more bread, always aware of the needs of each table.
When I was fidgeting with my camera bag when I first sat down, he came over and hooked it on one of those table hooks I think originally made to hold a woman's purse.
A final note--during the meal a woman came by and greeted me and she said "welcome back" too.
Later I asked Blake if this was a common way of greeting guests as it was my first time at Picasso.
He said the computer had me listed as a repeat guest.
On leaving, you're given a small box with 3 palmiers.
The box has the ubiquitous Picasso on it.
Dessert for tonight.
This truly was a special dining experience!
I have added a few photos, but I tried not to duplicate the ones already posted.

Definitely a solid dinner.
Amuse: potato-leek soup with a quail egg/caviar and smoked salmon skewer.
Soup was creamy, skewer was cute.
Set the stage for an elegant meal.
First course: Maine lobster salad.
I really adore lobster, so this was a favorite.
Tiny morsels of avocado and melon added a fresh complement.
Second course: Pan-seared scallop.
The menu says "scallops" but one should not be surprised when a single scallop comes plated on a plouf of potato puree with a splash of veal juices.
Third course: I substituted sauteed prawns for the foie gras steak.
I generally pass on avian liver, but the shrimp was fairly unremarkable.
I suppose at the end of the day, there are only so many ways to prepare prawns.
Thank goodness for the wine pairing which kept things interesting!
Main course: Sea bass with asparagus.
Some of the most light and flaky fish I've ever had.
Small portion size, but extremely enjoyable.
Dessert: Chocolate truffle beignets.
The peanut butter ice cream was a tad too salty for my taste, but the chocolate beignets were outstanding.
The warm chocolate center was a pleasant contrast to the crispy fried casings.
Petite Fours: Arrived on a tray, but went untouched by our party.
Take Home Treat: Cinnamon cookies.
By the next afternoon they were going stale.
Came wrapped in a beautiful orange box.
Final damages: $1025 pre-gratuity.
Included dinner and dessert for 6, sparkling water for the table, five cocktails, two wine pairings, and the other intangibles (excellent service, flexibility for menu substitutions, high-class atmosphere amidst expensive artwork and a front-row seat for the Bellagio fountain show!

Great service, Great Food!
This is as good as it gets.
Chef Julian Serrano is amazing!
Potato leek soup to start things off along with salmon and quail egg with caviar.
Soup was amazing, egg/caviar/salmon combination was great.
Next up is the Poached Oysters- one word, "Amazing" For the main course I had the Veal Chop,  Nice and tender, gotta try this one!
I tried a bit of the Foie Gras from my friends plate and I gotta say , it was amazing.
I guess I could have just used one word in my review of Picasso, " Amazing!

Good French food, fabulous surroundings, and smart choices!
Took the wife there as a treat for me.
They sat us right in front of a Picasso, so we had to spend the evening staring at THAT (rough life, I know).
We went with the price fixe, and I chose the wine paring as well - highly recommended as they complemented the food perfectly.
I scored pretty well with my choices aligning to my palate, but unfortunately my wife's experiments were about 50%.
She didn't care for the quail salad and the swordfish (substituted from snapper, and not a great idea).
However, the chocolate benigets and peanut butter ice cream was, her words, "the best dessert she'd ever had.
"  I don't think I'd go there again, however - it's a one and done place to say you've been there.
A bit too high price for client meetings, and there are better food places in Vegas to try as well.

Ahhh yes, you get the service and food from this Michellin 2-star rated restaurant.
Fancy..yes, service...yes, Picasso art...yes, water fountain show...a bonus.
Reservation is a must, but on our visit, there were several open tables still available.
There are other Michelin star rated restaurants in Vegas, but this one gives you the opportunity to look at some fine art with one of them valued at $160 million.
And you get a free show too...the water fountain at the Bellagio is right outside.
They also filmed parts of Ocean 11 here too, so it does look familiar if you've seen the movie.
And although this is fine dining, you don't get the pretentious feeling like some restaurants in Paris.
The servers were pretty cool, especially they deal with Vegas tourists on a daily basis.
They ask you if you are seeing a show after dinner to help gauge with the timeliness of serving your meal.
Very well knowledged staff that were pretty much standing by to help you throughout the night.
And now to the main event...
I went with the Menu D'egustation menu.
The same for couple of friends of mine and the rest did the Prix Fixe menu.
But either way, you get 4 or 5 courses.
And you can pair it with their wine choice throughout the night.
But we opted for a couple of red bottles since the majority of us chose the lamb as our main dish.
They literally have thousands...yes literally thousands of wine to chose from...ranging from "$30 to limitless.
" Yes those were the exact words from the maitre d'.
So yah...we went with a couple of 100 dollar bottles instead...the Ruffino 2003 chianti and the Faust 2007 cab.
Both were very nice that complimented everything throughout the night.
For a quick starter, they served a potato leek soup with a skewer of quail egg, salmon and caviar.
Great starter.
Just drink the soup straight up and the skewer was nice and cold and very fresh.
The first course from the d'egustation menu was the Maine Lobster salad.
Nice, cold, fresh with avocado and with a little tanginess from the apple champagne vinaigrette.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g?select=ZsCBs6ZyIx0c-hFK1OpRfw  Next was the pan seared U-10 day scallop.
Yes...scallop...singular, but it was divine.
Fatty goodiness melting in your mouth, with a potato puree  and a small amount of jus de veau (broth).
So small, yet it will take you a half an hour to finish it because you will just want to savor it again and again.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g?select=HC4f8kFjLVsaWpKzdR8g1A  For the next dish, I substituted the Foie Gras and went with their sauteed ruby red shrimp.
Three pieces of shrimp that came with zucchini, artichoke, tomato and a pepper vinaigrette.
Again, only three pieces of shrimp but the quality was superb.
Small, but somehow it was just the right amount.
The presentation was very nice.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g?select=SFq-KEMsNJxloUEuJzJRTQ  For the main entree, I chose the roasted Tournedo loin of Colorado Lamb.
The alternative is the sauteed filet of halibut.
My lamb was cooked medium rare, very juicy, tender.
It will make you go WOW.
So again, savor this for awhile so your WOW can last longer.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g?select=19MjcpPDcwLUVWrtGseWAw  For the finale, I went with the berry buttermilk cake.
It's a panna cotta, with raspberry syrah soup with strawberry ice cream.
Very yummy with the hint of syrah wine that gives it a little kick.
Great way to finish the meal.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0q_BHpxbikVtPRRLRu-U0g?select=LUOd5bR1tAh1qqGsUDJ1fw  This place has it all.
5 star service, 2 Michelin stars.
Several original Picasso's throughout the restaurant.
Absolutely, I will come again.
Just save up at least $200 or more, or win it at the craps tables.

Very snooty.
But I approve nonetheless.
I got the prix fixe menu with quail egg, deer, black bass, and green tea dessert.
Everything was good.
Even though the portions seemed small, I left full and very satisfied.
This place is especially interesting to people watch at because you can tell everyone comes from the MOOOOOONAY.
I dare say they have actual Picasso paintings hanging on the wall as decor.
When we left, we were given goodie boxes with pastries inside.
I would definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
If you have a celebratory event, definitely check this place out.
It's become an institution at the Bellagio.
Just be down to drop $500+ on a meal for 3 people.
P.S.
We came comp'd

Obviously this is a very good restaurant.
You don't get two Michelin stars by accident.
We had one prixe fix menu and one digustation menu.
4-5 courses paired with wine.
My favorite courses were the foie gras and the veal chop.
While service was very good, I was annoyed every time the wine guy would reach across me to pour wine into my glass.
In my book, no excuse for that.
Otherwise, bring your pocketbook and enjoy a very fine meal.

LAST MEAL ON EARTH.
If I had to select my last meal on Earth, I would probably opt to relive my dinner at Picasso.
The food, the service, the view, the wine, the ambience--the entire experience was perfectly magical.
My husband and I both had the pre fixe menu with wine pairings.
We selected different items for each course and we both tasted everything.
I expected the food to be excellent, but this was more than just food.
It was art.
Of course, it was visually appealing--every plate designed with colors and shapes for maximum ocular impact.
With every bite, I had the sense that someone's plan to surprise and delight was unfolding before me.
And the wine pairings?
Most superb I've ever experienced.
Even with dishes I wouldn't normally have loved--the foie gras, for example--it was a bit sweet for me, but the luscious Hungarian Aszu revealed a depth of delicate aroma I couldn't get enough of.
And throughout the meal we were continually surprised.
First, with a yummy amuse bouche, and at the very end with a dainty little box of pastries.
The next morning I savored the pastries over coffee and remembered the beautiful evening.
After the dessert course, they presented us with the prettiest little tray of chocolates.
I've never felt so spoiled.
And where would you like to enjoy this splendid meal?
Let's see, how about in a room filled with the bright, rich colors of a Picasso painting?
Over the top flower arrangements and the Master's artwork on the walls.
Oh yes, and the view?
The famous dancing waters of Bellagio's fountains outside the window.
Memories are better than things.
Things can disappear in an instant through theft or disaster or carelessness, but memories are forever.
I'll always treasure our dinner at Picasso--a delicious, perfect evening.
xoxo

Best service I've ever had!
Our party of 10 all arrived 45 minutes late (my fault--oops) and they acted like it was no problem at all.
Service was flawless without being even a touch snooty--true masters of their industry!
The food was fantastic (get the lamb) and I think this meal was second only to our tasting-menu adventure at L'Atelier de Jel Robuchon in Paris.
Thanks, Picasso, for a fantastic experience.
(Price was just under $300/person, so be prepared.

So I think I am going to ease up on my tasting menu kick, but to finish a run through Guy Savoy, Robuchon, and to end at Picasso ... what a ride.
The service at Picasso was very friendly and attentive.
My 6 courses were staged very well, and I never felt rushed or neglected.
Perhaps because there were not as many plates in my Picasso experience as at Guy or Robuchon, but the segue from light to heavy, from clean to unctuous, from sweeter to savory and back again was a little more abrupt here ... but still artfully done.
I chose the upper-level wine pairing and was very pleased with the matches, though for nearly $900 I might have thought some heavier hitters would be among my selections.
The pastry was well done ... better than Robuchon, but certainly not better than Guy Savoy.
I will say that of all three venues, this is the one I lingered in longest and had an after-dinner cocktail.
Perhaps it was that I had eaten less courses, perhaps it was the ambiance, but the staff was more than gracious to allow me to stare out the window until the wee hours and contemplate a truly wonderful evening.
For that  am thankful.
For that, for the food, for the service and for a great overall experience, the certainly earned their stars.

2 Star Michelin Restaurant with Excellent Service.
The waiters are soooo attentive.. always checking up on our glasses and plates, just the best service.
Must Get..   *Warm Quail Salad with sauteed artichokes & pinenuts  - I chose this dish as my first dish for my prixe fixe but liked it so much that I ordered another one a la carte..
Same deliciousness x2  *Poached Oysters - I'm not a oyster person but my bf and dad love this dish.. they will order 10+ oysters just for themselves so I'm sure it is phenomenal if you are an oyster fan  *Sauted "A" Steak of Foie Gras  -Best foie gras of my life-- just melts in your mouth literally... Great flavor and texture.
I had the prixe fixe menu- the waiter mentioned that I could substitute the main entree with Australian Wagyu Beef for $40 additional.. so I decided to trade in my roasted pigeon for some Australian beef!
It was good...but I've had better..  Everything consumed here was delicious.
This restaurant is the Best restaurant in Bellagio hands down.

Sorry, at these prices even for decent French food we would have felt stung, but the food wasn't even special.
The menu selection left a lot to be desired.
We should have walked out after cocktails but didn't act on our instincts.
Dessert was fabulous though.
With a $125 bottle of wine this came to almost $200 per person.
Not at all worth it.

The food here is delicious, but the service here is seriously lacking.
It amazes me that a supposed 2 star Michelin restaurant could have such poor service.
Maybe it was because we were a younger group or the fact that we didn't order any wine, but regardless if you are paying $180+ per head minimum you expect better.
The waiter came by to explain their 2 menu options: 5 course tasting or 4 course pre fixe.
Without asking if we were ready or needed time he then walks abruptly away to attend to a different table.
We had to wait for another 10 minutes before we were able to flag him down despite 4 wait staff standing in the middle of the dining room watching us with our open menus.
Nobody came by.
We were brought butter early on, but the bread guy came by, looked at our table and walks right by us.
We had to flag him down as well and wasn't offered bread until after our first course was served.
We had 6 people in our party.
Not huge.
But for some reason they were unable to serve us all at the same time.
On at least 2-3 course 3 of us would get our food first followed by the rest 1-2 minutes later.
They should never plate separately at a fine restaurant.
They could not keep track of what each of us ordered and would mix up our plates.
They overcooked their Wagyu.
When asked the end of the meal how the food was, my friend said her steak was not good.
Our waiter smiles and says nothing - no apologies.
All in all I would not recommend this place.
Even though the food actually is pretty good there are so many fine restaurants in Vegas with great food and service.
Spend your money elsewhere.

I have been to many restaurants in Las Vegas and Picasso is at the top of my list.
We have been going there every year since they opened their doors and are always happy with our experience.
I am surprised by the other reviews, we have never had a bad experience.
Last week when we were there the waiter provided impeccable service and the sommelier even remembered what wines we have had in the past.
It was also nice to be greeted and remembered by the hostess and previous wait staff.
We always sit on the patio so we can enjoy our meal with music and the waterfall shows.
If you are looking for a romantic dinner for two, this is the ideal location.

My wife and I loved this joint.
We get around (foodwise, that is) and I'd have to put this up there as one of my favorite meals.
Well deserving of it's Michilen stars - ambiance, service, and cuisine.
I loved checking all the real (yes, original) Picasso's out.
Vegas opulence at it's best.
You get to enjoy the Bellagio fountains throughout your meal.
The wine pairings were spot on, the fois gras was enough to make me roll my eyes with little girly giggles.
and there was no pretentiousness whatsoeverf.
so spend less time at the tables and save your money for something like Picasso...an experience you'll take with you as opposed to handing it over to the house.

Quality, presentation, service and taste were all five stars.
We had the $123 tasting menu and it was easily worth more than that considering the entire experience.
The wine pairing, presented by a master sommelier, was a value at an additional $63.
My only complaint was that they would not take a patio reservation, but rather advised arriving early to try and be seated next to the fountains.
We did arrive early and were able to sit next to the fountains, which added to the dining experience.

We enjoyed our dinner here last Friday.
The food is great and the service is impeccable.
Luckily, the weather was so nice that we were able to sit in the patio and watch the water show while having a dinner.
The wine selection is great!
We will definitely come back if we go to Vegas again.

What can I say that hasnt already already been said?
Superb service and outstanding ambiance.
This is a great place for a nice dinner with your loved one.

Very accommodating staff-had reservations for 8:30pm-we were running late and the table was not ready (restaurant was not full) but we had show tix for 10pm and the dishes started rolling out by 9pm and we were done in 28 minutes.
Happy birthday was scrawled on my dessert plate and all the dishes were hot and tasty despite the mad rush in the kitchen (I am sure).
Our main server, Robert, the French Robert was amazing and timed all our dishes perfectly.
We also had time to take photos of the million dollar artwork and was initially bummed we were not seated outside on the patio (inside with a great view) for the fountain show until we dashed outside for photos and were consistently sprayed on by the residual mist.
Would go back for leisurely dinner and try the patio seating again.
Kissed Robert on the cheeks for his great service.
Love French men.

Picasso is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
Why blow $400 gambling and be left with nothing, when you can experience Chef Julian Serrano's cuisine instead?
The ambiance is second to none in Vegas.
Requesting a window seat is an absolute must - it gives you an intimate, private view of the Bellagio fountains.
Real Picasso artwork, worth millions, watches you from the walls as you eat.
Especially notable is the Picasso behind the bar - it's one of the most unique in Vegas.
For dinner, you choose between either the 4-course Degustation menu ($123) or 3-course Prix Fixe menu ($119).
Wine pairings are offered for an additional $63 or $55, respectively.
My advice to you regarding the wine pairings is this - SPEND THE MONEY.
Not only will a master sommelier entertain you with the history of each wine before pouring you a glass, but you'll also get to taste wines with extremely limited production runs (ex.
only 100 bottles made each year).
The flavor of the wine, when paired with the food simply needs to be experienced to be believed.
The best illustration of this was the sauteed "A" streak of foie gras.
The peaches in the dish, paired with the muscat grape and cinnamon flavors in the wine, made it the best dish I have ever eaten in my life.
Must-haves include the foie gras, deer, quail salad and the Colorado lamb.
While the dishes are not huge, you will not leave Picasso hungry.
All-you-can eat bread, complimentary amuse bouche h'oeuvres and a complimentary tower with bite size desserts will be served.
Highly recommended - 5 stars.

Oh how I want to give 5 stars.
Had I not had dessert, it would have been five.
Ambiance is about as perfect as it can get in Vegas, love the view of the fountains.
Staff and service exhibit perfection.
To date, probably the best meal experience ever.
And their foie gras will ruin your expectations for any restaurant not up to this caliber.
My husband will hardly order it anywhere now because he knows it won't be as good.
Dessert was very good, but not the best I've ever had and not the best way to end an otherwise exceptional meal.

We were so excited to go to this restaurant we actually booked a suite a Bellagio to help celebrate our 25th anniversary.
When this restaurant was over at the Mirage it was much more cozy and quiet.
You would think by going to a nice, very "upscale" restaurant mid week on the earlier side that it would actually be quiet.
It was NOT.
The staff saw that we were visibly uncomfortable where we were seated and graciously offered to move us; a nice touch.
We thought the staff was excellent and the wine pairing superb.
Honestly, the food was good but not really worth the price.
We dine all over the world in the finest restaurants and this one just did not cut it.
Not just because of the noise level (and other patrons were visibly annoyed as well - it was one large table generating the noise and nothing that I noticed was done to curtail it) but the choices on the menu were quite limited (Andre's at the Monte Carlo has a much better menu and wine selection).
The staff was very professional but it could not make up for ambiance.
They need to reconfigure the restaurant into smaller sections and employ noise dampening measures.
Very disappointing especially for nearly $500!
I would expect that the servers will eventually leave as well since it was no fun for them either.
Spend your money elsewhere.

I went here in June 2011, with eight of my favorite people.
It's a great place to go if you ever feel the need to drop $200 on a meal (my poker winnings from that morning helped pay for most of my share).
The restaurant itself is gorgeous.
You enter through a beautifully tiled portion of the wine cellar, with some very expensive wines on display.
If you get a window seat, you get one of the best views of the Bellagio fountain.
And, of course, there are a number of original Picasso pieces on the walls, as well as the Picasso-themed plates and stuff.
Bathroom was a bit of a letdown.
It's pretty much the standard Bellagio public bathroom--nothing particularly special, but certainly classier than the one at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon (the other Michelin-starred restaurant in Vegas that I visited).
There's a choice of a 4-course or a 5-course tasting menu.
They were very flexible with us--unlike at many restaurants, the whole table didn't have to order the same menu.
They also let some of us order the 5-course menu, but with a main course from the 4-course.
That was nice of them  Wine pairings are an extra $53 or $63, and a very good deal (given that you're paying $120 for the food).
Robert, our sommelier, gave us very detailed descriptions of all the wines, where they're from, tasting notes, why he chose them to go with our food, etc.
He even went through the trouble of going around our massive table, giving his spiel several times, so that all of us could hear him.
He was most of the reason I gave 5 stars instead of 4.
Note that the wine pairing doesn't cover the dessert.
Although some very sweet wines (Tokaji and Sauternes) came with the foie gras courses for both menus.
The food (I got the lobster salad, scallop, seared foie gras, short rib, and chocolate truffle beignet) was all very, very good.
Not usually a fan of foie gras, but this was perfectly seared, tasted wonderfully of fat and suffering, and went great with the peach compote and the glass of Tokaji Aszu.
The meal also comes with an amuse bouche (croquette and a shot of asparagus soup) and a couple massive trays of mignardises.
They also gave us cookies in really pretty boxes as a take-home type thing, but we lost those before we could eat them.

This place gets 5 stars for the atmosphere!
We sat on the patio and every 15 minutes the fountains went off.
It was amazing.
We did the tasting menu.
Each dish was great and the wine pairings were right on.
I liked how much information they gave you about the wine, but would have liked more description about the food.
The waitstaff was very though but a little cold at the start.
Didn't explain the menu until after we ordered.
The star was the scallop dish.
It was AMAZING.
My husband and I split up on the main coarse he had the fish and I had the lamb.
The lamb was the winner between the two and the wine pairing was one of my favorite wines.
I was sad to have to share.
The reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is the food offering for the price were not as extensive as other fine dining experiences we had had at Daniel in NY and Inn at Little Washington.
However the setting was over the top.
ENJOY!

Generally considered one of the best restaurants in Vegas, but you're going to pay for it.
Dinner was excellent, although very rich, and sitting right on the water during the musical water shows was great.
Really enjoyed every course except the main, which was underwhelming.
Fortunately, there were so many courses that we were satisfied even before the main course.
Nice experience, but probably not worth the price.
I've enjoyed other Vegas locations as much or more.
Try N9NE and also Nobu.

Great restaurant, and dinning experience.
Would definitely go back.
Food and service was solid!

Be ready to spend $500 on dinner for two, but it is worth EVERY single penny.
Everything about this dining experience was perfection and absolutely stunning!
It is easily the most beautiful, romantic dinner you can take someone.
I compare my experience to how I felt right before the intermission of the Broadway's musical Wicked.
I savored every second and never wanted the experience to end.
The taste and intricate plating of each dish was so astoundingly thoughtful and delicious.
We enjoyed our degustation menu inside the restaurant with real Picasso painting worth $85 million dollars displaying on the walls.
For our dessert and wine, we sat outside on Bellagio's private balcony while watching the Bellagio fountain show up close.
Words cannot express how incredible and gorgeous the view was.
The Degustation Menu is $123 a person with recommended wine pairing for an additional cost of $63.
The sommelier did a wonderful job explaining each wine's history and how its flavors complimented our dishes.
You can actual taste how intricately each wine flavor complimented with each sip and bite of each dish.
First course was a Maine Lobster Salad with Apple-Champagne Vinaigrette.
The taste was carefully crafted and beautifully plated.
The lobster was so refreshing and had a light and flavorful bite.
This dish was like heaven in my mouth.
We then received our amuse-bouche which was red bell pepper soup and a croquette.
It was supposed to be a starter that came before our first dish, but we received it after our first course.
Minor oversight from the restaurant.
Second Course Pan Seared U-10 Day Scallop with Potato Mousseline and Jus de Veau.
The scallops were seared to perfection on a bed of potatoes.
Richer and heavier than the first course but very tasty.
Third course was Sauted Steak of "A" Foie Gras with roasted Peach-Thyme Pound Cake, Almonds and Riesling Peach Coulis.
I never wanted this dish to end.
Every bite of it was thoughtful, from the light sweetness of the poundcake to the creaminess of the foie.
I savored every single bite of this dish.
Easily the best tasting Foie Gras I've had yet.
Our favorite dish of the night.
Fourth course, I went with the Filet mignon and my partner chose the Roasted Tournedo Loin of Colorado Lamb.
We both agreed that the Lamb was tastier than the Filet.
All of the ingredients on the lamb dish complimented each other wonderfully.
The filet was tender but was lacking some flavors and wasn't my favorite dish of the evening.
For dessert, we sat outside on the balcony and we watched the Bellagio fountains up close and under the night sky.
We went with the server's recommendation of Berry Buttermilk Cake and Warm Chocolate Fondant.
We liked the buttermilk cake more than the warm chocolate fondant.
It was more special and tasted a bit lighter.
After our dinner, they brought us out extra desserts on a silver platter compliments, of the chef.
When we left, they also gave us cookies in a gorgeous Picasso box to enjoy.
Overall, it was an amazing experience that I will never forget.
I cannot begin to put into words how happy we were with our experience and I highly recommend dining here if you are in Vegas.

There is no way I could describe our experience there.
You just can't put it into words.
Everything was amazing.
Every single aspect.
Pricey, but who cares when it's this good.

The decor of the restaurant is based on Pablo Picasso's artwork.
When you enter the main dining room you are greeting by a table that is entirely covered in a huge floral arrangement - different sizes and shapes of glass vases hold one type of flower each for a stunning rainbow effect.
This is one of the best uses of floral arrangements I have ever seen.
The restaurant sits facing the fountains of the Bellagio, so every half hour you are treated to an amazing view of the water show through the windows.
The food is elegant and artfully prepared - just what you would expect from fine dining at the Bellagio.
We ordered the Degustation Menu - five courses plus an amuse bouche, petite fours, and gift for the ladies.
We also choose to participate in the suggested wine pairing - which was well thought out.
The sommelier did a lovely job of presenting and explaining his choices.
The Amuse Bouche consisted of a creamy red bell pepper soup and a cheese croquette.
Simple, satisfying, and delicious.
The first course was a lobster salad with apple-champagne vinaigrette that was fresh and sweet and light.
Next was a perfectly seared day boat scallop on a smooth potato puree with a thick and rich veal demi glace.
My favorite course: sauted Foie Gras with pound cake, almonds, and Riesling peach coulis.
The sweetness of the peaches and Riesling paired perfectly with the melt-in-your-mouth fattiness of the Foie Gras.
Paired with a glass of Tokaji, this was absolute perfection.
Main course: Roasted loin of lamb with pisto (a mixed vegetable side similar to ratatouille), mint aoili, and fried zucchini blossom.
I am not usually a dessert person, but this rocked my socks off: a "beggar's purse" made of phyllo dough filled with chocolate chip risotto pudding, served with a coconut macaroon and banana-passion fruit caramel sorbet.
This was dessert perfection for me.
My husband ordered chocolate truffle beignets with peanut butter ice cream.
I couldn't even tell you if he ate it or not, I was so absorbed in my chocolaty banana perfection.
The petite fours were good, but the ladies' gift - cinnamon elephant ear cookies - were amazing.

I went there with 5 other ladies as part of a friend's bachelorette extravaganza in Vegas.
I went with the Prix Fixe menu, starting with Warm Quail Salad, then Sauteed Ruby Red Shrimp, then the Braised Short Rib, and finishing with Concord Grape Panna Cotta.
(I also tried a few bites from my friends' meals).
The food was delicious, with good flavors and textures.
However, I never had that 'OMG-this-is-the-best-thing-I-ever-ate,' 'excuse-me-while-I-groan-in-ecstasy' moment.
Maybe it was the fact that I didn't have my favorite food-adventuring friend (my husband) with me, or maybe the dishes began to feel a little formulaic ('oh, let's add some crispy, fried bits to every dish to make the texture interesting').
The service was impeccable, however, and overall I had a wonderful experience.

Had their tasting menu, it was pretty good, but nothing really stands out, compare to Robuchon's16 course tasting menu in Vegas, I think Robuchon is way better,  the presentation, quality of the food, ambiance etc...But I do enjoyed Picasso's artwork tho :)

It was my 55th birthday celebration and 29th wedding anniversary.
The place is spectacular with original Picassos displayed all over the restaurant.
We sat outside right next to the dancing waters of the Bellagio.
It was a magical place.
My husband and I ordered each of the prix fixe (5 course and 3 course) dinners along with the wine pairings.
The service was flawless and I felt like a princess.
Now the food was not as spectacular.
The foie gras was not delicious like how I've had it in other places.
My lamb was bland and heavy.
My husband's poached oysters were a memorable delight.
It was our first time to have it prepared in that manner.
The desserts were meticulously personalized with our celebrations written on the plate.
The white wines were delicious but the reds  were not the sommelier's strength for this meal.
The cream sherry was not good.
They did give me a care package of cookies in a beautiful box.
overall, I loved the place and maybe the next time the food will be better.

I wish I could say the meal was great for $900.
The service was slow and dry.
The food was only good.
I have to say ... been there done that but never again.

Service was a pain, we kept telling the waiter we wanted a surf and turf and he was not understanding.
Yes, we were willing to pay extra, which he kept asking, but he was not getting it.
After talking with the manager all was well.
The food was pretty good, I wasn't feeling too well so it wont be fair to judge on the food because my taste buds were a bit off

A very enjoyable experience and would consider this one of the most romantic places my wife and I have been to for dinner.
I would highly recommend sitting outside to watch the famous Bellagio fountains as this truly added to the overall ambiance of the dinner.
Our waiter Robert was exceptional and he had been with the restaurant since its grand opening in 1998.
I would recommend this for business or pleasure and we are glad that this was our first nights dinner here in Vegas.

I came to this resturant with a group of 6 as a suggestion of my boss.
I loved that it was right next to the Bellagio water show because it was so pretty, not to mention ORIGINAL Picasso paintings all oer the resturant, I think theres was like 7 or 8 of them.
I fell in love with ALL the food, I started with the Amuse then I had the poched oysters for an app (AMAZING) I could have eaten so many of those.
I chose to have the Chef's special which was a Filet and I had it cooked medium rare.
For dessert I had Berry Buttermilk cake which melted in my mouth.
WE all were in amazed with how great the food was, It was the BEST DINNER I HAVE EVER HAD, and I'm pretty sure that the others felt the same, becaus we continued to talk about it days after and we can't wait to back!!

One of the most dissapointing dining experiences of my life.
Having eaten at numerous high end restaurants (Restaurant Gary Danko, Eleven Madison Park, French Laundry, La Tour d'Argent, Le Bernadin, Per Se, Fleur de Lys) to name a few, I have never received such poor service as I did at Picasso Las Vegas.
The wait staff was completely disengaged from me the guest as well as the food.
They literally, dropped the plates off without any eye contact, with a cursory description of the dish as they were actually walking away.
The sommellier after providing the wine description, was completely dismissive when asked any question about the wine.
Apparently, no one but he could possibly have any knowledge or interest in wine.
As our meal progressed, the only person that ever interacted with us with any interest or personality was the bus person.
The rest of the staff was so pompous and condescending, it ruined what should have been a delightful adventure in food, because the food itself was good.
($400 for two before tax)

My husband and I chose this place after we saw the reviews.
Like what everybody said, this place has REALLY GOOD view, there has the water show for every 15 minutes, and I think Piccaso has the best angle to appreciate the show.
The food is very good too!
except the scallop, it was  a little bit overcooked.
but overall it's good.
My husband likes the lamb, and I like the Foie Gras most.
Price is ok, because they only have set menus, one is about 113, and another one is like 135.
Will definitely come back!

They have original Picasso's.
How could I possibly give them anything under 5 stars?
God would smite me.

5 stars for the atmosphere - a quiet little oasis on the strip at the Bellagio fountains.
Food was intriguing and delicious, just what is expected at a restaurant of this caliber.
Wine pairings by the sommalier highly recommended (for an extra fee).
Bellagio fountains are magical.
Great place to take a date!

We went to Vegas for our wedding anniversary and chose this place for our dinner venue.
It was either Picasso or Robuchon, but I liked the Picasso's menu better.
Hubby ordered Prix Fixe and I ordered the Degustation menu.
He had his with the wine pairing and I did the martinis.
Starting with the amuse-bouche everything was incredibly delicious until hubby's veal...it was over cooked so we sent it back.
Then the second time around it came back medium, but still the overall quality of the dish just wasn't there.
They were very nice to write "Happy Anniversary" on the plates for our desserts which were very nice, but the desserts were mediocre at best.
I'm assuming the pastry chef isn't up to par here.
Overall, very nice service and I loved our waiter who was very flamboyant and friendly.
A very thorough and good photographer too!
He stepped back and took three different angles with the camera!
Bravo!

Picasso (not the painter) restaurant in Las Vegas is an absolute embarrassment to the Michelin star rating system.
I would bet the farm that Bellagio paid the Michelin inspectors a large sum of money to get their 2 stars.
Picasso does not merit even 1/16 of a star compared to some of the Michelin star restaurants I have had the pleasure to dine in LA, SF, NYC, Paris, Barcelona, and London.
My wife brought me here for my birthday and I was looking forward in experiencing their desgustation menu.
The pan-seared scallops tasted like if they were from the same kitchen making the scallop salad for room service....Very dry and bland in flavor.
The halibut was dry and lacked any flaky texture.
The lamb had no flavor whatsoever.
I even forgot what I had for dessert.
I will admit that the service was very good.
The waiters were attentive and stirred up good conversation with us.
The actual Picasso paintings were beautiful and i really enjoyed viewing them.
I come to Vegas a lot, so the Bellagio fountains don't really thrill me anymore.
However, I can see how most people would find this to be interesting for their dining experience.
If you have experienced at least a 1 Michelin star restaurant, Picasso will disappoint you.
I would avoid this restaurant at all costs and use your money for the tables instead.
I will never dine here again or let any of my family or friends dare make a reservation at Picasso.

I dined at Picasso for the first time in Vegas and it was the worst experience ever.
A total downer for a 4.5 star yelp rated restaurant, that is located at one of the best hotels in Vegas.
I am vegetarian so I ordered the five course vegetarian menu for $143.
The menu was not printed out, and the waiter had to spell it out for me.
There you go, for a first impression.
The vegetables had no flavor and were not fresh.
Not to mention the third course was a cold ravioli soup with asparagus, quiet an old dish, again no flavor.
My mom ordered the veal dish- medium well.
It came out all bloody and gross and she did not even eat it.
Ended up going home with no dinner.
I expressed my disappointment to the waiter, and he seem to not care nor did the manager.
They took my drink off the bill but I somehow ended paying for my horrible meal, which was not cheap.
I will NEVER return to this place---total disappointment and horrible service!

We both had the waygu special.
Awesome, cooked perfectly to our requirements.
Nice view, ask for a table by the window.
Very good wine selection.
Server was very attentive.
We do not give stars away easy.
3 is pretty good, not blown away but all in all a very pleasant evening.

Awesome service and really good food.
As far as Vegas is concerned this is my favorite so far.
Ask for a seat by the window or go outside weather permitting and you get to see the Bellagio light show for a couple hours.
The wife had a great time too and they even gave us a little box of cookies since it was her birthday on the way out.

I had dinner at Picasso last Saturday with my wife and three other couples for my birthday.
The restaurant is cozy and classy, with 14 (at least I think that was what the waiter said) Picasso originals hanging on the walls, and the Bellagio fountains right outside.
The night before we had eaten at MIX--the difference between these two restaurants cannot be understated.
Everything about our experience at Picasso was better than MIX.
The service, in particular, was attentive, courteous, friendly and professional.
We felt welcomed and waited on--whereas at MIX our waiter abandoned us for long stretches (along with other issues).
The food at Picasso was delicious--I think every plate from every course left the table clean.
Out of all the restaurants that I've eaten at in Vegas (including Joel Robucon, Nob Hill, Bradley Ogden, Alize), I'd put Picasso at the top of the list.

After trying Picasso, it was immediately clear why it wasn't given an updated Michelin rating from 2009.
From my experience, there's very little to justify even a single Michelin star for Picasso.
Then again, Vegas has that effect on people, distorting reality so much as to convince the Michelin tasters in 2009 and current diners that this Julian Serrano restaurant actually deserved two Michelin stars.
First of all, I don't count myself amongst the fine-dining elite, having only recently sampled about a handful of one-Michelin star restaurants, mostly in the Bay Area, one in Chicago and one in LA.
To me, restaurants of this caliber offer similarly refined foods, mostly differentiating themselves by service and ambiance.
We went to Picasso for our anniversary, which was apparently a major source of patronage besides the obligatory hot date in Vegas.
We arrived for our reservation at 8pm on a Wednesday night, and the hostess, without even looking up, instructed us to wait.
Briefly stunned, I settled into the lounge with two other couples in similar straits.
A Wednesday night besides, I've never had to wait at any Michelin-rated restaurant, especially when I've made a reservation.
After 20 awkward minutes, we were taken to our seat on the far wall.
Along the way, I noticed plenty of empty tables, so our wait was even more disquieting.
Almost immediately, we sensed our dinner would proceed at a languorous pace; we marked time with the Bellagio water spectacle outside the windows that started every 15 minutes.
The first three shows were welcomed delights, but soon they became distractions.
As the other couples from the lounge sat down next to us, we noticed a distinct lack of privacy.
We were barely two feet apart and in that quiet space, it was way too easy to participate in each other's private conversation.
We all ended up eating in uncomfortable silence.
The tasting menu was misleading.
I've seen other tasting menus encompass a broad range of taste experiences, numbering up to 10 or more.
At Picasso, there are just two pricy options: Prix Fixe for $113 and Degustation for $123.
Both are more properly described as dinner settings since they came with soup or salad as appetizer, a second sampler plate, a main course, and a dessert.
My wife ordered a cocktail to pass the time, while I got a tea service to soothe my dry throat.
Apparently, Picasso is not the place to order cocktails as my wife's cocktail came out so unpleasantly bitter that she actually had to return it after a second confirming sip.
It was the very first time she's ever had to do that.
At $14 per cocktail, it's perfectly understandable, since I expected nothing less than amazing.
The replacement was passable.
As each well-presented but tiny portion of food came, I accompanied them all with the much needed but unsatisfactory bread.
The entrees were all uniformly moist and juicy, but I found them to be quite bland and uninspired.
The antelope I had was the juiciest piece of game meat I've ever had.
Yet, it was as forgettable as the rest of the meal, except for perhaps the slab of cold foie gras that was dressed up as an entree, a singularly disagreeable and unsettling experience.
To celebrate our anniversary, our desserts were decorated with chocolate script.
While we always appreciate the thought, the piping work looked rushed and crude, with the letters barely recognizable.
By contrast, the chocolate script we had at the one-starred Plumed Horse was a beautiful work of a real artisan.
Service was as polished as expected at other fine-dining establishments in the Bay Area.
But, towards the end of the meal, we felt neglected as we saw neither our waiter nor any bus boys for over 30 minutes.
We ran out of water and sat dejected.
About the only element in Picasso's favor is its selection of original Picasso paintings decorating the walls of the restaurant.
I studied the two in front of me for a solid hour and started to grasp something of Picasso's artistic vision.
If I were a true aficionado or student of Picasso's works, I might find the rare opportunity to be worth the price of admission.
After three hours and a numbing procession of the Bellagio water spectacle, we tabbed out at $305 for two, including tip.
This was the first time I felt like I wasted money for a fine dining experience.
At most, the experience at Picasso was worth $150 for two, including drinks and tip.
A Michelin-rated experience, it certainly was not.
As we left, the hostess once again told us good night without looking up.
Maybe I'm part of the invisible ethnicity in America, but that really made me feel non-existent.
Then, as if noticing a slight, the manager got the hostess to give us something of a parting gift.
Emblazoned with the Picasso logo, we found inside two small, greasy palmiers, instead of some sweets.
It was one last mis-fire that captured the whole Picasso experience.

Wife and I went to this place last month.
She really wanted to trying it out due to high reviews from yelp.
Therefore, we make the reservation for dinner at 7:00pm.
It took us about 10 minutes to find this place inside bellagio.
Server greeted us nicely and took us to our table which is a patio facing the water fountain.
Extremely nice view.
Both of us order the course menu and turned out to be the best decision both of us ever made besides got married :) .
I strongly recommend this place if you want to spend the time of your life on a fine dinning experience with the best view on the strip.

This was my first experience eating formally French-inspired cuisine, getting sprayed by water and feeling the need to place my hand on my chest every fifteen minutes, and actually going through five courses at a meal...all at the same time.
Overwhelming!
On the up-side, it was very delicious, as I was reminded over and over by my dining-mates.
More than anything, I would describe most of it as decadent, which is my word for "fatty and subsumed by butter".
The breads and accompanying dips served as appetizers were all very interesting, and I remember one being ten times the bread of its brothers, so that we were all constantly digging through the bread pile to find more of its kind.
I would say, take someone here to impress them - someone you don't necessarily like, so that you will have the convenience of regular interruptions off the starboard bow [courtesy of the Bellagio fountains].
Later, tell them that foie gras is made by stuffing a tube down a duck's esophagus several times a day and dumping pounds of grain down there until their liver is the size of your plate.
Wowza!

Picasso - Bellagio Overall  5 Stars  Gold Medal - Cooked to Perfection  Silver Medal - Perfect Ambiance Bronze Medal - Great Service  Picasso is located inside the Fabulous Bellagio Hotel.
There are various artworks and numerous ceramics by the Spanish Master located in the restaurant.
Try to request a terrace or window seat, so you can see the Bellagio Lake and the Bellagio water show.
Imagine eating dinner and hearing the amazing music blasting while watching the water show.
Could there be anything more fantastic than this??
Tasting and prix-fixe menus are $123 -$130.
There is also an extra option for wine pairing with your meal.
The food here is amazing.
It is perfection.
Yes, perfection!!
Imagine eating something that could not have been cooked or could not have tasted any better.
That is Picasso for you.
The shrimp was cooked perfectly and all the sauces and flavors were perfect.
Nothing was too chewy or too dry or too salty.
The oysters and foie gras were like Heaven in my mouth.
The lobster option had an extra charge, but it was worth the extra money paid.
My taste buds have never been so happy.
Everything was PERFECT!
The ambiance is extremely upscale and romantic.
If you can get a terrace or window seat, you have the best seats in the restaurant.
Service was excellent.
Fast and attentive.
I asked where the restroom was located and the server escorted me all the way to the restroom.
When I returned, my table napkin was refolded for me and the seating area had looked like I just arrived.
Then, here comes the server to help me push my chair in behind me.
Why, thank you :)  So fancy!
This place is very pricey, but I think it is perfection and worth every penny.
I have been to many other upscale restaurants, where the food did not taste as good and was still pricey.
I would rather save my pennies and have perfection here.
HAPPY PICASSOING!!

Forgive me Yelp God!
It has been months since my last review...  My boyfriend and I came to Picasso on a whim..I know I seem to start all my Yelp reviews with this sentence, but what can I say, I am quite impulsive.
We were immediately drawn to the menu and thought it was the most approachable of the Michelin starred restaurants in Las Vegas (this was considering we were dining at Robuchon two days later).
I must comment that we were both skeptical about Las Vegas Michelin starred restaurants, considering that we had yet to have a dining experience that could meet our vaulted expectations.
I have to say that everything here was absolute perfection.
The service was charming, sincere, eloquent, professional, and quite refreshing.
The sommelier was excellent, poured some exceptional wine pairings, and even challenged my certified somm.
boyfriend a bit.
The food was well balanced, executed beautifully and was absolutely on par with what I expect two michelin star cuisine to be.
In all honesty, I  had only ONE problem the entire evening, just one, It's just a pet peeve of mine.
The butter was not room temperature, it needed to be tempered more.
That's it.
I had an amazing evening, with an amazing companion.
I cannot wait to come back and do it all again.
5 glorious stars!

4.75 stars, lost a bit for a service error, explained below.
So far this has been the highlight of my short culinary existence.
We had the Menu Degustation ($123) as it appeared more attractive than the prix fix menu ($113?).
We were handsomely rewarded for it.
We also each had chose the recommended wine pairing (additional $63).
Though pricey, it is an ABSOLUTE MUST.
The sommeliers did a masterful job of pairing the wine.
I have never known how much the right wine can enhance the proper meal, and though expensive, definitely worthwhile.
The first course is the Maine Lobster salad.
A simple small dish with a sweet Apple-Champagne vinaigrette.
The paired wine, a semi-dry German Riesling, matched perfectly with the sweetness of the lobster and had citrus tones to complement the apple vinaigrette.
As a first dish, I had thought that this was the best match of food and wine I had ever tasted.
After the first course, the amuse bouche came out?!
It must have been an error to bring the first course out so early, because we were waiting for our paired wine for a few minutes after the lobster was served.
This was an unusual error, and it was noticed by our sommelier as I heard him making a comment about it.
It did not ruin the meal per se, but otherwise marred a perfectly heavenly experience.
The second course is the Pan Seared Scallop.
Rather than light and refreshing, this dish felt heavier because it was served on a potato mousseline (finely mashed potato) and veal reduction.
It was complimented by a Pinot Gris, which was very oaky in nature, closer to a Chardonnay I felt.
This was my least favorite course, though still delicious, not quite as unique as the other courses.
The Steak of "A" Foie Gras came as the 3rd course, which THEN became the best food and wine combination I have ever had.
The foie gras was sauteed perfectly and placed on a mild peach/thyme pound cake, topped with almonds, and served with a riesling peach coulis.
This was served with a Tokaji, a hungarian dessert wine.
The heaviness and creaminess of the foie gras was balanced with crisp almonds and the sweetness of the coulis and the sweet wine.
Each bite takes you to another land, this culinary ecstacy.
I cannot overstate how good this course is.
For the entree course, I selected the Colorado Lamb medium rare.
It was served with a pisto (similar to ratatouille, tomato based and heavy in green and red peppers) which I generally would not like, but appreciated it in the setting of this dish.
The lamb was cooked perfectly and had good flavor.
The wine was a Spanish red.
This was not my favorite, though I have found myself hard to be impressed with red meats and red wine combinations.
At this point, I had asked if the balcony looking out onto the fountains was part of this restaurant.
I had thought about maybe having a couple drinks after the meal was over.
We did not want to sit out there because it was a hot night, but soon after our server came and escorted us outside to have dessert!
What a wonderful view and experience.
The dessert itself while good, was not fabulous.
There was also an assortment of little treats, which seemed to be a showcase of textures rather than flavors.
All in all I am torn between coming back to this fabulous restaurant or exploring new restaurants of similar quality.
This is a must-go once in your life!

Eaten here twice -- two best meals in my life!
Attentive, fawning service.
The waiter gave a toothful grins for every request.
The sommelier was like a newscaster with a sense of humor.
He recommended a Lovely Pinot Noir.
The oysters with caviar were divine.
The scallops with wine reduction and potato moussaline were heavenly.
My wife had the filet mignon with mousseline twice and nearly had convulsions.
She has ordered it both times we came here.
The lamb was also amazing.
We both had the chocolate fondant the first time.
It was so good my wife ordered it again.
I ordered the chocolate pecan bonbon this time.
It was like a small dark chocolate cake with thick chocolate frosting.
On the plate was Guinness ice cream, Bailey's Irish Cream foam, a tiny creme brle "block" and some candied pecan -- out-of-control delicious!
Again, the best meals we've ever had.
And we've been all over: Paris, Rome, New York, Bangkok, Beijing, Shanghai, Kuala Lampur, London, Tehran, Phnom Penh, Boston, San Francisco, Singapore, Hong Kong,  Marrakech.

WOW!
Absolutely Fantastic!
The room is GORGEOUS, with authentic Picassos hanging on the walls.
The calming cream colors with blue and wood accents are beautifully balanced, allowing the dining room design to be art in it's own right, but at the same time not taking away from the masterpieces hanging on the wall and most importantly, the food!
We started our degustation menu with the maine lobster salad.
It was beautiful in it's simplicity.
I have no idea what the chefs did to this lobster, but when I put it in my mouth, I really felt like I was tasting lobster for the first time.
The flavor was so...clean.
I wish I had a better "foodie vocabulary" to describe it, but it was simply clean, fresh and delightful; unlike any other lobster I've ever tasted.
The Riesling was a nice pairing, the only reason why I'm not calling it great is because my perception of great wine pairings was quickly changed by our third course...more on that later.
Our second course was pan seared scallops with a potato mousseline and veal jus.
I honestly wasn't expecting to be a huge fan of this course because the potato mousseline and veal jus sounded way too heavy for the sweet, light flesh of great scallops.
After I took my first few bites, I was a convert.
When I mentioned my apprehension and then enjoyment of this course to our server, he informed me that it was one of the chef's signatures dishes.
Just try it and I think you'll understand why.
Next was the sauted foie grass with a peach thyme pound cake, almonds and a riesling peach coulis.
This dish itself was really good, but the pairing with the Royal Tokaji just blew my mind.
I've always enjoyed great wine with great food, and have always understood that great food and wine can enhance each-other, but this was just another level.
I can't explain it, it was almost a spiritual experience.
The pairing made the foie course so much more amazing, and the foie made the Royal Tokaji almost etherial.
For our entrees I ordered the lamb, while my dining companion order the fillet mignon.
Both were really good, although it was hard to appreciate the entrees since we were still "high" from our foie-tokaji course.
We both finished with the chocolate pecan "bon-bon;" mainly because I threatened my date that I wouldn't share my dessert.
I'm usually a gentlemen, but this sounded so good I knew that if my date stole one bite of this dessert from me it would probably be the beginning of the end for us.
I'm glad I forced her to order her own because I think she enjoyed the dessert more then I did and it could have very well caused an ugly scence if we each didn't have our own.
If you've read this far then YES!
YOU SHOULD EAT HERE!
;-)

We had dinner the day after Christmas, 2011.
It was a great meal.
Prix fixe menu of either 4 or 5 courses.
You do not have to order the same number of courses, which was a nice option to have.
My choices on this day were: quail salad; Kobe beef spears, Wagyu short ribs and panacotta for dessert.
They were wonderful choices.
The portions were generous.
Of the four courses, the Quail salad was my favorite.
Four hearty portions of quail pieces and some greens to accompany the dish...it is usually the other way around at other places.
Equally impressive were the Picasso paintings on the wall coupled with the Bellagio water show you can see outside.
But it is pricey.
With wine, it could set you back $150/person.
So win a lot of money at the gaming tables before you go.

Excellent food and service.
The foie gras was amazing.

About $500 for two, but well worth it.
Very moody, intimate and spectacular overall.
Ask to be seated by the window to overlook the show of the fountains.
The food?
Spectacular.
The wines?
Amazing.

I technically want to give it 4.5 stars, but I'm being nice and rounding up :)    The decor is beautiful, with a great view of the fountains from many of the tables.
The food is fantastic.
I've been to several 2 and 3 star Michelins, and this one deserves its 2 star status.
The amuse bouche was very good.
The lobster was some of the best lobster I have had (so tender and fresh).
The scallop dish was also good.
The foie gras was cooked very well, but the accompaniment tasted like apple sauce, and it was not good.
I usually opt for some kind of beef dish, but I ordered the Colorado lamb.
This was AMAZING.
The best lamb I've ever had.
Not at all gamey, so flavorful, with a great mint aioli.
My friend and I shared two desserts, the butterscotch cheese cake and pear tart dish and the chocolate bouffant dish.
Both were very good.
It's hard to impress me with desserts, but these were quite good (slight preference for butterscotch pear dish).
You could also opt for a cheese plate for an add-on.
The service was pretty good, although I didn't love our waiter.
The other wait staff were great, but the waiter was a little cold.
In a place of this caliber (i.e., a 2 star Michelin), part of the experience is being treated as though you are special.
Definitely not with our waiter (and thus, my desire for 4.5 stars).
They opened the doors late, and made us all stand outside like cattle waiting to get called in (beyond our appt time).
Also, the take home cookies were stale, according to my friend.
I didn't even eat one b/c they didn't look appetizing.
No point giving out a treat if it isn't good.
But I still chose a 5 star rating b/c well.... the food was damn good.

WOW.
I could probably end my review of Picasso right there with that one statement of a word.
But... let's get some more food-porn style descriptions going!
Since I came with a partner in crime, we each ordered a different menu (one Prix Fixe and one Menu Degustation) and decided to share and conquer.
First dish to come out was a lovely amuse bouche of a fried potato croquette with serrano ham and smoked red pepper soup.
Everything went together perfectly... the crispy, sweet potato croquette combined with the smoky, salty serrano all dipped in the sweet, deep red pepper soup.
Great start!
Next came the appetizer dishes.
The Maine Lobster Salad was light and refreshing and a perfect start.
The acidity of the vinaigrette allowed the briny sweetness of the lobster to shine.
The Pan Seared Scallop was perfectly cooked with just the right amount of sear on the outside and fork-tender inside,  all accompanied by delicious whipped potatoes, a Parmesan chip and a rich sauce.
The Sauteed Ruby Red Shrimp was cooked just to the verge of doneness, so that it retained a lot of natural flavor and crunch.
Accompanying it was a delicious Piquillo Pepper Vinaigrette and tomato confit.
The Sauteed Foie Gras Steak was butter... and the peach sauce complemented the richness of the foie gras extremely, helping to cut down on the heaviness of it.
The highlight of the appetizers (not to take anything away from all of those listed above because they would put most other restaurants to shame) was the Poached Oysters.
OH MY LORDY!
The oyster was perfectly poached.
The buttery vermouth sauce, combined with the briny caviar and a splash of lemon for acidity... its like "sex in the mouth" (sorry I was just watching Top Chef and that phrase was used).
If I had to die tomorrow, this would be one of the things I would request to eat in my top 5.
Finally, the mains.
The Halibut Fillet was again, cooked perfectly (it's getting boring I know).
The outside had a nice crisp while the inside was perfectly flaky.
The rich Hollandaise sauce was a perfect compliment to the light flavor of the fish.
The Milk-Fed Veal Chop was delicate (weird word to describe beef, I know).
The veal was tender and a perfect perfect medium rare.
What else is there to say?
So after all of this, the desserts came.... and both the Chocolate Truffle Beignets and Berry Buttermilk Cake are awesome (sorry, exhausted from writing the above so no more detail here).
So okay, enough of my ode to Picasso.
If you have to have a fancy meal in Vegas, go here!

Picasso, oh Picasso..
I definitely wish I didn't have to leave you in Vegas!
I was very impressed with this place...from the minute you enter you're drawn in by the beautiful view out the window of the lake/water show and the amazing  Picasso paintings on the wall.
It's a lovely space and they make you feel comfortable right away.
The service was also spot on.. with my only minor complaint being that waiter didn't seem to know the desserts very well cuz when we asked for suggestions or specific he seemed to either not know or not be interested in sharing his opinons.
However, it was still a very pleasant experience and all of the staff was very attentive and never let us lack for anything.
The real star here (sorry Mr.
Picasso!
) is the food --- scrumptious!
We did the Degustion tasting menu and all of the dishes were delicious and prepared fabulously.
The Maine Lobster Salad was so fresh and bright -- probably the best Lobster salad I've ever had.
The scallop that followed was melt in your mouth delicious.
The only dish I found could've used some improvement was the fois gras w/the apples.
I've had this  flavor combination before but found Picasso's rendition to be not quite as flavorful and as if something was amiss w/the combination.
On a good note, the fois gras was cooked perfectly and seared just right and it was a generous portion as well.
I should also mention the lamb was fabulous -- juicy, flavorful and cooked to perfection.
On a slight down note, the departing gift was somewhat lack luster.
Generally, most restaurants of this caliber give you a small (or not so small like at Joel Robuchon!
) parting gift and Picasso was no different in this respect but the cookies we received were sub-par to the food we tasted in the restaurant.
They tasted stale and like they'd been sitting around for days.
I'd rather they'd given us nothing as I hated for my last impression of Picasso be these stale cookies.
Overall however, I'd return in a heartbeat and can only hope that someday Mr. Serrano will open something in LA of the same caliber.

Value-1.5 Service-5.0 Food-3.0 Ambience-4.5 Overall-3.5 Highlights:bread, amuge buche Duds- meat (salty and fatty (the lamb), dessert, value (black truffles had no taste (300)

The BEST restaurant I have tried in Vegas so far.
(And I've been to many).
I booked during CES week a month in advance - booking early is a must for anyone attending CES.
I read a lot of great reviews in Yelp, and they are all correct.
Amazing food!
First, location is not that easy to find.
Walk on the shopping side of Bellagio, and it's downstairs from the shopping center (near Giorgio Armani).
There's a tiny little free-standing sign that is easily missed, in all the colors of Vegas.
We had 6 people at the table.
They first served us amuse bouche.
Most reviewers loved the amuse bouche, and I can't more agree.
We had a celery soup and deep fried seafood croquette.
It was perfectly paired together.
Each of us tried either the Menu Degustation or Prix Fixe meal.
I had the Prix Fixe.
Starter = Butternut Squash soup.
Basic butternut squash soup - nothing special, but butternut squash never really is.
Main Course = I ordered the Lobster (supplement of $40).
Worth EVERY SINGLE PENNY.
Large pieces of lobster in a light veggie broth.
The lobster was cooked to perfection and was to die for.
Dessert = You get any choice from the dessert menu.
I had th key-lime pie with the rum ice-cream.
Delish!
You can tell the key lime was from REAL limes, and you can taste the rum in the ice-cream.
They also served us several trays of petite desserts to go with our coffee.
Each one you can tell was hand-made.
Why only 4 stars?
The service was lacking.
The bread server didn't bring my bread as requested (bread is mediocre - but ask for the olive oil with the bread.
Quality olive oil.
)  Our main server was excellent.
One of my wine glasses got stains on it (from me), and the server got me a new glass.
He even got me ANOTHER new glass of red wine to try myself, as he thought it was his fault.
At end of evening, the hosts (I only saw Men at Picasso), gave all the women a box of butterfly cookies with cinnamon to take home.
Beautifully boxed to end a beautiful evening.

I want to give it 3.5 but that's not an option.
I have wanted to eat here ever since I found out it was awarded 2 michelin stars.
But reading the menu I had always been reluctant because there is a serious lack of creativity and it seems dated.
Turns out my preconceived perceptions were accurate.
Eating here is like a culinary time warp back to 1985.
With an ambiance that is very quiet and stuffy (not good when your in Vegas).
We did the degustation menu (which based on reading previous reviews hasn't changed in a very long time).
To recap Lobster Salad, Scallop, Foie Gras & either Turbot or Lamb (I chose the turbot) followed by choice of dessert.
What the restaurant deserves credit for is service and execution.
Although the dishes were rather boring conceptually in each case the protein was cooked perfectly.
Maybe the best seared scallop I have ever been served.
Thus the 3.5 rating.
If you are dining with the elderly or are not an adventurous diner you'll probably be very happy.
But, if your like me and prefer something lively, innovative and unique Picasso is not for you.

Nice place, good food but not the best vegan menu, service was also good but again the tables are to close to each other.
The sorbet for dessert was very bitter.
The decor was beautiful.

Just went there for a special occasion dinner.
Overall, I would say that it was about what I expected...not less, not more, and I say that in a positive way.
Unlike some other Vegas upscale restaurant, it was quiet, subdued, and great for a special occasion dinner.
We were seated at a small table next to the window where we had a great view of the fountain.
I had the tasting menu with wine pairing and wife had the prix fix menu.
My tasting menu was lobster salad, scallop, fois gras, and I selected lamb for the main dish.
The service was impeccable, and the food was excellent.
I do agree with some other reviews that their menu seem to stay quite....eh...stable for some time.
I think it's nice to have their signature dishes, but I would think that renewing a menu for each season is a good idea to attract repeat customers.
since the portions are quite small, I was first worried whether I might get full, but I was VERY full at the end.
They also went out of the way to change my wife's main dish to something else as she wasn't quite thrilled with her choices (as she has some food allergies).
Overall, I had a great service and food, just as I thought I would received and made for a memorable night.
Was I blown away?
No, but I've eaten at a quite few Michelin starred restaurants in many countries so I don't get blown away too easily :D

Was surprised by a dinner at Picasso for my anniversary.
It was tied for the best meal I've had in Vegas (hard to compare it E, which is such a different experience).
Highlights:  -Amuse bouche: a bamboo skewer with 1/2 of a hard-boiled quail egg, smoked salmon (spritzed with lemon), and caviar.
Simple, but perfectly balanced and the best amuse I've had in a long time.
- Scallop: beautiful sear on a bed of pomme puree with a demi-glace reduction, with a length-wise section potato chip for texture.
I also had some bacon bread with this-- which has inspired me to bake some at home!
-Foie Gras: Usually I prefer a torchon with brioche, but this was the best seared piece I have ever had.
Here the technique was just amazing: an perfect sear on both sides-- the inside was like butter.
The pistachio garnish added texture and brought out the nutty qualities of the Sauternes for the pairing.
-Lamb:Best lamb I've ever had.
Apparently it's organic and sourced from Colorado, from a farm that tries to raise them in a Wagyu type of fashion.
It was so incredibly tender that I was sure they sous-vided it, but the waiter claimed it was roasted.
It was served with a rosemary infused demi-glace reduction and an elegant take on ratatouille.
Ordered it rare instead of the suggested med-rare, and was glad I did.
Syrah aged in American oak made for a nice pairing.
-Dessert: The standout of the plate was the Guiness ice cream.
The service was excellent as well.
(There was a goofy moment when we asked if there were any additional pairings not listed on the menu and the waiter told us that "the wine gets progressively heavier to match the food" lol, I should hope so!
And one waiter seemed particularly enamored with asking "can I get you anything else," which is a bit odd when repeated and in the context of a tasting menu.
What are we going to do, ask for ketchup?
)  I appreciated that we weren't rushed in the slightest, despite having one of the nice two-tops right by the window.
We were at the restaurant for over 3.5 hours, in part because we started with champagne before the dinner.
I really liked how they kept the restaurant decor simple except for the dazzling Picassos, and the beautiful multi-colored informal flowers on the center stand, which played off of the bright colors in the paintings.
I thought that the dinner was also a good value.
There were many expensive ingredients, and dinner came to ~600 for two (though we spent around 200 on beverages).
This makes it the best value tasting menu I've ever had, and one of my all-time favorite meals.

YUM.
Our experience at Picasso was the whole shebang: Amazing food, great staff, gorgeous interior, and then a little somethin' extra.
My fiancee and I both ordered the prix fixe dinner.
Here's what I ordered:  1) The butternut squash soup was a perfect balance of hearty, savory, creamy, and slightly sweet.
The presentation with the marshmallows and mushroom bits was fantastic.
2) The foie gras tasted like butter, delicious meat butter.
It was complimented by a sliver of toast and a plate of sweet and crunchy fruit.
3) The Kobe beef fillet was melt-in-your-mouth good with mushrooms and a moat of reduced red wine sauce surrounded by mashed potatoes with a dollop of horse raddish.
I'm salivating just thinking about it.
4) The dessert, which was a chocolate bonbon surrounded by a whole plate of goodies, was to die for.
And the little somethin' extra: As we were chatting with Roger, our amazing waiter, we mentioned that we were seeing Cirque du Soleil's "O" at what we thought was 10:30.
His face looked a bit worried and he informed us that the show was at 10:00.
It was 9:55 and we hadn't gotten to our dessert yet.
Without a hint of irritation or disdain, Roger saw to it that we received our dessert and the bill as quickly as possible.
We felt so bad that we had to rush out, because the experience was one that is best when you take your time.
Oh yeah, and if you sit by the windows, you can watch the Bellagio fountains.
It's been almost a week since we ate there and I'm still thinking about the food.
Well done, Picasso.
And thank you, Roger, for being awesome.

I recently was pleasantly surprised with one of my best dining experiences in Las Vegas.
I mean everything from the food ambiance and service was outstanding.
I loved everything from oysters to wine to dessert perfect.
A great special occasion restaurant choice.

i love fine dining.. and picasso does this pretty well.. my fiancee came here recently for dinner.. and we both had the degustation menu.. i won't tire you with the menu as what you'll have will likely be different than what my fiancee and i had... but the food is excellent albeit pricy for what you get.. i've had better value at many other michelin star restaurants.. and picasso's price point can definitely improve.. this says a lot because our meal at joel robuchon was well over a grand and i felt that was money well spent..   service is a bit poor for this type of restaurant.. i shouldn't have to ask to have my water/wine refilled.. or wait 10 minutes before menus were even brought to our table..

Great meal.
period.
great service, we had the degustation menu and could not finish any of the courses even though we wanted to !
Go and you will be glad you did .

Looking fresh to da death on "the strip" and in the mood to be winded and dined?
Well then, do you see that small pond shooting water 100 feet in the air?
Walk that way...  Once you walk into the jaw dropping Bellagio, Picasso's not too far away.
As soon as you walk in you'll be greeted by inspiring and regal artwork, that could probably make your jaw completely fall off if you knew its market value.
These types of paintings litter the entire dining area, which is truly a reason to visit Picasso alone.
It's got to be one of the worlds most expensive art galleries, all wrapped into a wonderful restaurant.
The beauty of the paintings are complemented by the sexy plating and eternal flavor of their cuisine.
We dined a long time ago, but I remember having the pleasure of finishing my girlfriends unfinished plates.
What a lucky guy!!!
There's not a whole lot to say about Picasso.
I mean, can you describe a true Picasso in enough words to never have the need to witness one?
Is the Grand Canyon describable in a short review?
NO, is the answer.
Witness for yourself, or the experience shall ever be unknown.

Picasso is the epitome of FINE DINING.
Everything was just SO CLASSY.
Atmosphere: SO classy.
Did you know the place is decorated with REAL PICASSO Paintings???
How fancy is that?
Of course since it's fine dining, it has a business casual dress code and it's very quiet and polite in the dining room.
Food: SO GOOD.
You get a choice of 2 tasting menus.
(different people can get different ones at the same table which I appreciated).
We both got the Degustation Menu.
SO delicious.
The lobster salad and the lamb and the scallops and the giant dessert...omg.
SO good.
I cannot say it enough.
Also, they give you a complimentary potato soup shooter pre-meal.
They ALSO give you a complimentary array of petite fours after your meal (so if you don't want to order dessert, that could serve as your dessert nicely).
Wine: The sommelier they have is one of around 100 Master Sommeliers in the country.
He was very good--you can tell he was super knowledgeable about wine and very passionate about it too.
Well, he is a master after all.
Service: Everyone was just SO nice.
From the host to the waiter to the bread waiter to the water waiter to the sommelier.
They were all friendly and professional.
Bathrooms were beautiful.
Oh and it's good for small and large groups.
Big enough dining room to fit many parties.
If you want fine dining at its best in Vegas, this is the place to go.
To TOP IT OFF: When you leave the restaurant, they give you this Beautiful little box of Fresh baked cinnamon cookies.
OMG.
WHO DOES THAT!?!?!?
This is high class people.
(Did you count?
that's 3 different COMPLIMENTARY things they give you throughout dinner.
That's AMAZING.
)  The experience there just made me incredibly happy.

My husband and I recently dined at Picasso for a birthday celebration and were treated like royalty.
The service was impeccable as was the food.
The ambiance was very relaxing with a view of the Bellagio water fountain show, a nice reprieve from the "vegas action".
It was very pricey, however worth the experience for a special occasion.
I'm giving 4 stars & not 5 because there was another diner who was allowed in wearing jeans, tee, track jacket and a baseball cap.
I really felt the management should have asked him to come back more properly dressed.
It was insulting to the restaurant  and the other diners, in my opinion.
Other than that, a perfect experience.

Amazing food but I felt a little out of place.
We made reservations and were sat promptly.
The restaurant had a very formal feel to it and the overall noise level was low.
When we were sat at the table for 2 we felt too far apart and I would need to speak uncomfortably loud in order to have a conversation with my date.
I requested a new table and was moved to a much nicer one for 4 were we could sit next to each other.
We ordered one of each tasting menus with both supplements for the evening, she had the lobster and I had the filet.
A nice bottle of wine + tip set us back $600  Expensive but this will go down as one of the best meals I've ever had.
Everything about the food was beyond perfect, we cleaned every plate brought out to us.
Nom Nom :)  We were easily the youngest people there by 20 years, I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to those seeking a fun atmosphere.
Well decorated yes, lively no.
However, if your passionate about food and are willing to spend what its worth then Picasso will not disappoint you.

The Foie Gras is amazing, the staff is very friendly and location is great.

We were excited to go here for a fancy dinner.
Although the service was very attentive along with the sommelier (wine pairing with our meals), the food was subpar and unimaginative and a little salty (fish)  for the price.
The degustation menu was not good at all.
Been to daniel's in ny and melisse in Los Angeles for French dining,  the food there were so good compared to here.
I think I paid less at those restaurants than at Picasso.
So disappointed.

This is a rather excellent restaurant with a sterling promenade view of the Bellagio light show.
Given the rigid complexion of the degustation, we instead ordered the malleable pre fixe.
As I (un)fortunately imbibed heavily prior to my visit, my memory is severely lacking concerning the details of our experience.
However, I do recall an intoxicating carrot and ginger soup, perfectly cooked quail, an incredibly delicate and impossibly flavorful preparation of sea bass, and a perfect full-bodied Rioja that almost reduced me to tears.
The only true miss of the night was an unnecessarily sour white wine that was meant to be paired with the aforementioned divine sea bass (the best dish of the night).
I skipped it entirely.
Also, I have sadly forgotten what constituted desert, but apparently, I enjoyed a very sugary rhubarb cobbler concoction and another dessert placed matured Pop Rocks into a strikingly exquisite preparation.
If you are looking for a nice, romantic restaurant on the Vegas strip (indeed, a bit too much so for my tastes), then Picasso is your sure fire winner.

Not going to bore everyone with what I had, but it was a great experience.
Beautiful dining room, excellent wine list, and amazing food.
Our whole table had the prix fixe menu plus wine pairing.
The sommenlier was so knowledgeable, and was very friendly, making sure he explained the reasoning behind why each wine was chosen for a particular dish.
When comparing to the other restaurants I went to that week in Vegas, this was probably the best wine pairing.
You also get a beautiful view of bellagio's water show.

Without a doubt, one of the best dinning experiences I've had!
Starting with the table located in the terrace, just overlooking the whole majestic Bellagio fountains and the strip.
Peaceful (rare for a Vegas restaurant)and with a 'private' fountain show every half an hour.
The dinner was perfect in every detail: From the spot-on service to the 4 course dinning menu.
You CAN'T miss the Foie Gras and the Roasted Pigeon!
They are spectacular, perfect in every way!
The Spanish Chef Julian Serrano clearly knows what he is doing.. in every single detail, like the vanilla twig with the Foie Gras...
Genius, Ole!
The wine listing is impressive with a variety of wines from all over the world, but I really appreciated the Riojas.
This days American restaurants carry much more Californian wines, and it is not easy to find descent Spanish wines every were.
That said, be prepared to spend a pretty penny on the wine, and the whole meal to be honest... however, it's worth it... every single penny of it!
This is a very high end, upscale restaurant, and they take the dinning experience to a whole new level taking care of every single detail, including a pretty departing gift as you leave the place.
As I said before the service is very friendly and courteous, not a pretentious ambiance at all, something that I personally really appreciate!
Picasso is a delicious experience, from the moment you cross the door and enter the restaurant, you will feel immersed in an exquisite experience!
Do NOT miss it!

We wanted to do a very fancy dinner for this trip and after a little research settled on Picassos.
This was decadence all the way.
We did the full course tasting menu with the wine pairing and let me tell you, It was over the top all the way.
The food , the wine and the service was exemplary, but a little too rich for me (stomach was a little upset the next day).
Its really a very romantic, kind of old Vegas type spot, not very glamorous and a tad bit cheesey ...do not know if Ill ever do it again but  dining with Picassos on the wall and the incredible food it was worth trying at least once.

What a gorgeous setting for a special occasion.
I brought my mother to celebrate her birthday and the staff was very gracious.
We had an ideal table just next to the large windows over looking the Bellagio fountains.
We both opted for the degustation menu and wine pairings.
Our amuse was delicious and perfectly seasoned, but the first course of Lobster Salad was a bit bland.
Our sommelier, who did an excellent job answering questions and explaining the pairings had said he paired such a dry white with the salad because of the strong acidity in the dressing.
The wine was excellent, but the salad only had a small bit of vinaigrette under the salad with the rest dressed in more of a basic aioli.
There were avocado balls and grape tomato halves that had not been seasoned at all.
The lobster was sweet and tender, but would have benefited from a little salt or acid.
The second course of scallops was dead perfect.
This more than made up for the salad as the scallop had a gorgeous sear outside and a creamy-tender interior.
The accompanying potato mousseline and chip were fantastic.
The foie paired with rhubarb was just right and I chose the halibut for my main selection.
I could eat this dish, with fresh asparagus, over and over.
Our server was very attentive and had a great personality.
I was pleased that we could select from the full dessert menu to accompany the tasting and they sent us home with some petit fours.
Overall, their menu is a bit old school, but it is mostly executed perfectly.
For two, it was close to $500 even before tip, but was a very memorable meal.

***Picasso's food is not incredibly creative, but it is very nicely prepared (and the flavors are good)***  Picasso features a prominent chef (Julian Serrano) and many Picasso paintings throughout the dining room.
The paintings are not the only nice touch; there is an outdoor dining area that sits right on Lake Bellagio (large windows also give indoor dining guests a view of Lake Bellagio and the fountain shows).
The dining room was bigger than I expected.
It was not stuffy, but I did not like all of the design choices.
Seating was comfortable and I liked the color of the walls as well as the nice ceiling.
I was not a fan of the carpet (or the chair backings).
I think they were trying to embrace the Picasso theme, but it made the dcor feel out-of-date.
Picasso is a French restaurant and there is a tasting menu and a pre fixe menu (not much difference in price; tasting menu provided one additional course).
I opted for the tasting menu, which started with an amuse bouche of warm potato soup topped with crunchy almonds.
There was also a pheasant croquette garnished with prosciutto.
The soup was good.
I liked the croquette, but you do not get much of a pheasant flavor.
There were several complimentary bread options.
The raisin and walnut bread stood out the most.
There was a great mix of crunchy nuts and sweet dried fruit.
The very hearty bread also had a great crust and chew.
My first course was Maine lobster with micro greens, cherry tomato, avocado, celery, melon, and an apple-champagne vinaigrette.
The salad was fresh, light and refreshing.
I liked the lobster, which was lightly sweet, moist and tender.
While I liked the lobster, it did not have the softness of the lobster in the lobster salad at Vincenti (Brentwood).
My second course was a pan seared scallop that sat on potato mousseline.
There was also a port wine reduction.
The scallop was very good.
It had a great caramelized crust.
The scallop was also fresh, moist and soft.
I also liked the potato mousseline, which was buttery and creamy.
The dish as a whole though was a little underseasoned.
The port wine sauce did not add much and there needed to be more bold flavors on the plate.
My third course was the sauted foie gras, which was topped with almonds (the foie gras sat on brioche).
There was also a blood orange sauce as well as rhubarb and rhubarb puree.
This was a very good dish.
There was a great mix of flavors (sweet, salty, tart) and textures (crispy, creamy, crunchy).
I really enjoyed the foie gras.
It had a great outside sear while the inside was velvety, smooth and buttery.
The almonds were great.
The toasted brioche was a little too toasted (almost crouton like).
I really liked the rhubarb and rhubarb puree.
It was a great mix of sweet and tart and it went well with the savory foie gras.
My main course was the roasted loin of Colorado lamb, which was served with mint aioli, tempura zucchini, tomato, and ratatouille.
The lamb loin was very good.
It had a great outside color and flavor.
The meat was tender and juicy (great flavor).
There was a nice amount of fat marbling, but it was not too much.
The sides were pleasant and well prepared but simple and straightforward.
I liked the flavor of the ratatouille as well as the light crispiness of the tempura zucchini flower.
My dessert course was caramel roasted pear with warm hazelnut frangipane cake,  ice cream and crushed hazelnuts.
I really liked the caramel roasted pear.
It had a good flavor (the caramel was sweet but not heavy).
The pear also had a great texture--tender but not mushy.
The ice cream was creamy and smooth and had a good flavor (though I was expecting a more distinct flavor).
The frangipane was decent (kind of simple but thankfully not too dry).
The meal ended with petit fours.
The petit fours were pleasant--not as innovative or ambitious as the very good petit fours I've had at places like Cyrus (Healdsburg) or Providence (Los Angeles).
Service was very good--personable, pleasant, polished, professional, and attentive.
The food came out at a good pace.
Prices were high, but their tasting menu is less expensive than what you will find at some Vegas restaurants.
In terms of similarly priced Vegas restaurants, I thought the food at Picasso was better than Le Cirque, Michael Mina and Aureole.
Picasso is a pleasant and satisfying Vegas fine dining restaurant.
I do not think Picasso would compete well with top Bay Area restaurants because the food is not as ambitious or creative.
Still, the food is good and very nicely prepared, which makes it a good option for a special occasion meal in Vegas.
The Bellagio has its own free parking structure (self-parking).

Picasso was wonderful!
Exactly what it should be!
The view of the Bellagio fountains was a very nice bonus, not to mention the artwork on the walls!
We were dining with an extremely picky eater (aka - pain in the ass) and they were very polite about her being difficult.
I can not say much here that hasn't already been expressed!

Excellent course menu with great service.
Picasso's artworks here and there are delightful to watch.
It was VERY romantic to dine on the terrace - the best place to see the famous fountain show!
This has become my favorite place for dinner in Vegas!

AMAZING!!!
wonderful food, EXCELLENT service!
we went there right after my Fiance proposed as we had already made reservations for our anniversary dinner.
They truely treated us like royalty even though we're young and stupid looking.
BLAKE, BLAKE, BLAKE, BLAKE!!!
the BEST waiter I have EVER had!!
If you go there, ask to be seated in his section!
beautiful views of the water show!

I have been going to the Picasso at the Bellagio for years.
I will say it seems that everything at the Bellagio has dropped a notch including this beloved resturant.
It's not that anything was bad, but for 500.00 + for a dinner for two I just remember it better.
It's the difference between having a dinner all cooked with organic food over non-organic food.
There is a quality difference and Picasso has lost that "edge".
Still very nice though.

Wasn't firing on all cylinders for our visit.
Out of five courses, four with premium wine pairings, the lobster in the lobster salad was curiously flavorless and sucked the life out of the excellent aged Gruner Veltliner, the wonderful seared day boat scallop matched perfectly with Vouvray, the dessert wine was an out of this world match with the incredible Foie Gras steak, and the wines served with our excellent main courses, red snapper and lamb, were a buzz kill, virtually undrinkable.
The red was too young and tannic and the white was thin, yet shrill and might have been open too long.
Dessert was lovely, but by that time we had to wolf it down because we were running late.
Regarding service; we asked to be finished by 8:15 in order to make a 9pm show across town.
We thought two hours would give us time for a leisurely paced meal.
The wines were sometimes served as much as 30 minutes prior to the arrival of the accompanying food and we had to sprint out of there at 8:45, thirty minutes later than we had requested.

I'd been to this restaurant before and wasn't that impressed with the food, but this time it was a home run.
Two of us had the Menu Degustation, while one had the Prix Fixe.
That was problably the best best, as the snapper, in particular, was deliciously seasoned and perfectly cooked.
The highlight of the five-course degustation was probably the foie gras, although it was all excellent.

An exquisite dining experience with a menu flow that will elevate your taste buds higher than the Bellagio fountains right beside your table.
Picasso was highly recommended restaurant by my 2nd cousin who was a past sous chef at this Julian Serrano establishment along with a fellow foodie with an extensive dining resume.
The dining experience is nothing short of extraordinary from the precisely cooked proteins to the breath taking atmosphere.
I have an intrinsic desire to customize my dining experience when I dine out.
From basic culinary derivatives to more advanced, I like to change things up and try new things.
The wait service at Piccasso is very accommodating with my custom order.
I went with the Menu Degustation as a base and added selections that appeals to my appetite from the Prix Fixe.
I came up with the Maine Lobster Salad, Poached Oysters, Pan Seared U10  Scallops, Sauteed Steak of "A" Foie Gras, Roasted Milk-Fed Veal Chop, and Summer Sorbet Selection.
I paired the Lobster Salad, Oysters, and Scallops with a nice Pinot Grigio that was refreshing and highlighted the outstanding nature of the seafood introductory trio.
Maine Lobster Salad was great on a warm gentle summer night with it's refreshing culmination of melons, succulent lobster pieces, small peppercorns, and heirloom sweet tomatoes.
The apple champagne vinaigrette was well made and really tied all the salad components together.
Poached Oysters were absolutely phenomenal.
Perfectly prepared and poached in a sweet vermouth that was not overpowering as one may believe prior to throwing them back.
It beats vinegar.
A light squeeze of lemon and the Osetra caviar bits were an excellent touch that really puts these oysters on a higher echelon.
Pan Seared Day Boat U10 Scallops were immaculately cooked to perfection.
Very impressed.
While U10 Scallops are one of my favorite seafood proteins to cook at home, Julian Serrano's team did a great job of perfectly cooking it which really puts my culinary skills to shame.
The Jus de Veau and Potato Mousseline were confirmation of Michelin star quality potato preparation.
The thinly sliced potato chip was an excellent crunchy parallel with the single scallop that were succulent juicy and seasoned just right.
Sauteed Steak of "A" Foie Gras was one of the best Foie Gras I've had.
So decadent and eye lid closing pleasurable, it could be the convincing evidence to repeal California's ridiculous Foie Gras ban.
The dry crunchy almonds went nice with the Foie Gras steak as the grease was off set with the dryness of the prime almonds.
Rhubarb Puree and Blood Orange Sauce was reduced and made well not to overwhelm the diner and have the star of the show (Foie Gras) prevail.
The Foie Gras was an excellent cut and sauteed so it melts in your mouth.
The cherries worked very well with the dish and were pitted.
The sweet and savory elements worked well with a crusted bread that soaked up the flavor of the Foie Gras steak.
The main course of Roasted Milk-Fed Bone-In Veal Chop was highly recommended and I now know why.
The veal chop was a prime cut of only the best part of the calf.
It was perfectly trimmed and roasted in a rosemary + salt and pepper with a good amount of carmelization that encrusted the meat.
This demonstrates the high level of cooking skill because it was roasted at an extremely high temperature with such precision.
A rich au jus reduction sauce was brought out and applied in spoon fulls over the meat.
This added a beautiful flavor to the meat that made it so juicy and burst with flavor on the tongue.
A rosemary mashed potato concoction was a necessary that is a must with amazing beef.
While one was mashed, the other was slow cooked potatoes in whole form that were a bit soggy and under cooked.
Micro-greens were added to the presentation.
Passed on the spicy horseradish.
Summer Sorbet Selection Trio.
It was 3 scoops of sorbet with candy pop rocks scattered underneath the sorbets.
The velvet texture of the sorbet and the hard sharp consistency and sweet explosions were very enjoyable to complete the meal.
3 flavors: Grape, Strawberry, and Coconut.
The Grape was the best and really encapsulated grape flavor without being too artificial tasting.
It was outstanding and I highly recommend it.
The Strawberry lacked distinctive flavor.
Amuse: potato croquette with chilled potato leek soup.
Dessert tray: nougat, chocolate truffle, cream puff, and fruit gel.
Atmosphere: It's a trip to dine in the best front & center position of the fountains.
It's another experience watching it closer and on a private deck vs the public area off Las Vegas Blvd.
It was quite a memorable experience watching the fountains cascade and shoot overhead after dinner with good company.
While dining it's great to recreate an Ocean's 11 scene and be mesmerized by Picasso originals.
I couldn't stop staring during dinner and got lost in Picasso...

One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.
The foie gras is one of the best I've ever tasted.
The Bellagio water fountain show which is right outside the restaurant is a plus.

I took my girlfriend there for her birthday and it was worth it.
We went 9/1/12 and we sat outside and watched the fountains as we were served each course.
This was both our first Michelin dining experience and it was rather enjoyable.
My gf paired the wines and I tasted each, the pairings were very nice.
I did a fair amount of reading reviews here and tripadvisor to get a feel for it.
I recomend reading and making your own decision because it is not for everyone, also pull up the menu online and check it out if this is your first time going there.
It was a great experience and she was ecstatic, the waiters and servers were polite, and the food was good.
It seems the menu hasn't changed in years or I went the same time everyone else did because the menu was the same as some of the old reviews here.
We met the chef and he spent several minutes at our table chit-chatting, it was a very nice touch.
My only complaint is they could have served the courses just a bit faster, I was ready for a 2 hour dinner not 3, much over 2:30 is too long, specially in Vegas!
We went first thing at 1730 and had the patio to oursleves for the first half or our meal...something to consider...  All in all it was worth it, more for the expierence than the food, but both were excellent.

I'm not at all a foodie or into wine the way my friends are, so going into this I was pulling more from my art background and mostly interested in the artwork that would be on the walls (shockingly, Picassos - no way, right?).
But our 5-course meal with the normal wine pairing was phenomenal.
Unfortunately the lamb was horrifically salty (we all noticed it and nearly gagged), but if you were careful you could get past it (flood it with other items on the plate).
Other than that, up there in the great meals I've had (again, noting I'm not a foodie).
The staff were very nice and informative, and only very slightly snobby (or perhaps disinterested - the wine guy was going through the motions for us - perhaps since we were only doing the suggested pairings and nothing crazy).
Some of these places can get annoying with that - didn't feel it here.
Came out to about $250 per person.
I loved the place and will go back next time I'm in Vegas for sure.

Rundown - Had the Pre-Theater menu  - Interesting decor.
It looked a bit dated but still lovely - View of the Bellagio Fountians are wonderful at night - get a seat near the windows for optimum view - Only bad thing?
They can't make a cosmo....It was the worst cosmo I've ever had.
After my first quarter of gradschool, my boyfriend and I took a trip to Vegas to celebrate after finals.
While we were here, my boyfriend wanted to try Picasso, since this was on his list of must try Vegas resturants.
We ended up with the prefixed menu because we were on a time crunch due to our tickets to see the Lion King that evening.
The resturant is very accomodating and very polite.
Our original reservations were for two but we changed it at the last minute because we wanted another friend to come along.
The staff and hosts were very polite - exactly what I expect from a resturant like Picasso.
While, I loved the service, I wasn't impressed by the drinks.
I honestly feel that it went downhill from the drink.
I had ordered a Cosmo - my standard drink to order - and it was the absolute worst cosmo I've ever had.
The ratio was off and it tasted too sour.
While I thought it was all in my head, my boyfriend and friend both agreed that the drink was way off and didn't even taste good.
Moving along....  Amuse Bouche consisteted of warm soup (made with a red bell pepper, if I remember correctly) and a small croquette on the side.
The croquette wasn't overly flavorfull and was really good.
First dish was Poach Oysters with bits of caviar.
The light sauce made the oysters delish.
It was great with a bit of lemon too.
My main dish was the Sauteed Fliet of Halibut and the boyfriend had the Veal Chops.
I love Halibut but I made the biggest mistake of ordering the Halibut.
Dry and not flavorful and wouldn't recommend anyone ordering the diesh.
The Veal Chops on the other hand were really good.
Tender and moist and wasn't overcooked.
They came with potatoes sauteed mushrooms that went well with the chops.
There were a few options for dessert and the three of us tried three different types.
We had ordered the chocolate fondant which came with a side of vanilla gelato.
Great taste and ate every bite of it.
To accompany our desserts, they also served little Jellies which topped off the dessert.
While the Halibut and Cosmo were horrible - I'd still like to come by and try the tasting menu one day.

Husband and I had dinner here on 9/17/12.
What an amazing experience.
I've had only one prior 'fancy pants' dinner at Studio and was totally let down from service to quality of food.
Picasso saved the day!!
Quality of food was great, and the view was spectacular!
All the years I've been to Vegas I've never been able to see the fountain shows (due to lack of height and other's lack of courtesy) but I I finally did (I didn't know there were different songs and types of water display!
) and in the best seat imaginable!!
I've also never had Foie Gras, or Osetra...
THANK YOU PICASSO!!!
For totally making my dreams come true.
Be prepared to pay for what you get.
EXCELLENCE!
=oD Blake our waiter was wonderfully fantastic and made me feel at ease right away.
And Jose our attendent(?
) was super wonderful too!
Would I come back?
YOU BETCHA!!!
.. uh, maybe just myself next time so I won't have to share the Osetra!
;oD ***We each ordered the Degustation menu, with my Husband oppting for the wagyu beef entree ($40 extra), He had 1 cocktail, and I had the wine paring (husband helped me finish off the rest of the wines) and the Osetra Caviar appetizer with 'all the fixings'.
Diner was totally worth every single cent.
They even give out parting favors.
Ours were little banana chocolate chip muffins...Husband Loved those!
=oP (I like my bananas raw/uncooked) Over all a dinning experience worth trying!

Not a foodie, and usually opt out of this kind of high dining experience, but this one really stands out to me as (gasp) worth the money.
You're surrounded by millions of dollars of Picasso artwork, the Bellagio waterfall is sparking right next to you - my veal came to me arranged in the shape of a convincing picasso face and the wine pairing was memorable and very informed.
I really enjoyed every dish here and would go again in a heartbeat.

Love Picasso.
When in Vegas, we try to go to Picasso.
Love eating such wonderful food amidst masterpieces.
The appetizers are more interesting and tastier than the main courses.
The langoustine salad, foie gras and seared scallop were our favorites.
If you go pre-theater, leave enough wiggle room.
When we first arrived, we explained we had a show and needed to get out in enough time to make the show.
We were told no sweat, with some condescension that they do this all the time -- get you to your show.
But they didn't.
We certainly were among the very few early diners...and then somehow they had to rush the main entree and dessert.
My Alaskan halibut was dry and overcooked.
We were not happy, but what could we do?
We had no choice but to rush so we could make our show.
It was not worth complaining about my tasteless overcooked fish because I couldn't eat another one if I wanted to make my show.
Plus dessert was coming out.
Pistachio and fig.
And at the prices Picasso charges, that's a damn shame.

One of the top four meals I have had.
Masa, Chef Mavro, Manresa and now Picasso.
This place deserves two stars instead of the one it has.
The foie gras was huge but cooked perfectly.
The lobster was excellent and they used only pieces that were tender and flavorful.
They used truffle oil and the lobster seemed to be cold poached which is my favorite way of having it served.
The lamb was cooked perfectly and had tons of flavor.
Even the cooked tomato and fried thyme stem was delightful.
The gave us a free starter with smoked salmon, caviar and quail egg on a skewer with a cream of potato soup that was awesome.
Everyone in my party loved the desserts and were priced around $9 but the work they put into these dessets was impressive.
These desserts were very complex but made to enjoy.
I like to disect my meals and everything was difficult to manufacture but the results were awesome.
The paired wines were excellent and they served nice Italian and Spanish wines.
The meal cost $1000 with tip for four but I don't mind paying that much as it was worth every penny.

Omg.
This is the epitome of fine dining.
Had the awesome opportunity to eat here for dinner with my boyfriend's ballin family and family friends for Christmas eve.
First off, we had a beautiful view of the fountains at Bellagio.
We ate dinner in front of dancing waterfalls and music, so it was like dinner and a show.
Just absolutely beautiful.
So I've only been here just the one time (I'd be dirt poor otherwise), so I'm not sure what their menu is usually like.
We had the prix fixe menu I think, and I remember having to choose between one or another.
Both options were around $100 or more per person...
So, either way, you know you're gonna get a whoppin meal.
Was it a 5 course meal?
7??
Honestly can't remember, but the dishes just kept coming.
We each got a complimentary shot of soup?
It came with a small spoonful of salmon, caviar, and half a quail egg?
So you eat that spoonful, down the shot, and bask yourself in the beauty that is your sense of taste.
The soup was wonderful - creamy, yet light, and flavored in such a way that I don't... know what it is.
But I would savor it to its last drop.
My course started off with some oysters topped with some fancy sauce and caviar.
Omg.
Super smooth.
The oyster literally did a slip and slide down my throat, yet somehow leaving a trace of wonderful, clean flavor on my tongue that was just... blissful.
I love oysters, and having it that way was amazing.
Uh.
At this point, I don't remember what else my meal consisted of.
Like I said, dish after dish after dish.
And I shared some with my boyfriend, who shared some of his with me, so I got a little mixed up.
There was some shrimp, some steak, some chicken, some scallop, foie gras... and I can't recall them in order but they were all FANTASTIC.
This wasn't just regular food.
It was seriously fine as hell.
Anyway, I would recommend this for sure to anyone and everyone (who's willing to drop some serious bucks).

Spoiler alert: the bill is average $120 per person.
With that being said, if you want to be a foodie...or at least act the part...or just be treated like you own the Bellagio for a night, come right on down.
It's located down the escalators and it will be one of the most decadent meals of your life.
I don't claim to know wine or liqueurs but I know they must be seriously good for the price they offer and the staff is great about suggesting pairings with your meal.
What I do claim to know is tasty food and that they do deliver.
You can pick from 2 menus: the Degustation menu (5 course) or the Prix Fixe (4 course).
With only a $10 difference, I opted for the 5 course.
I will summarize because many have tasted the gloriousness that I have and have lived to write about it as well.
Maine Lobster Salad: salad as in tuna salad, chicken salad, etc.
Cool, refined, and accentuates the lobster.
Not overly drowned in superfluous additives like mayo.
Pan-seared Scallop:  I have tasted tender scallops... but this was picture-perfect, cut-with a fork, sophisticatedly simple.
Steak Foie Gras: probably my least favorite but only by personal taste.
Nice blacked crust with a tangy center.
Basically blackened foie gras.
Kobe Filet Mignon: yes ladies and gentlemen, I chose to add $160 to my meal and try this heavenly cut of beef.
Perfectly marbled and juicy (recommended medium-rare).
While I may not agree that it should cost an additional $160, I cannot deny that it was the highlight of my dinner and probably the best cut of beef I have ever tasted.
Also accompanied by a the best ring of mashed potatoes but still no contest.
You can get kobe cuts across the street at Gordon Ramsay Steak in Paris and frankly better than anything I've eaten in my life (until I ate at Picasso).
Dessert:  by now you will be full and probably not appreciate the choice as much as you should.
Tough choices... but if you make it this far, congratulations and here's to hoping payday comes soon after this meal.
Great staff...they know that for a lot of us, this meal hurts the pockets, but they guide you through it and they talk like all those fancy waiters in the movies too

The heft of the 4-star rating of this restaurant comes from the location.
We had late Friday night reservations, and they seated me and my SO at a table at the window, right on the Bellagio fountain, so we could watch the "show".
I would argue this is one of the most romantic locations in Las Vegas, and when combined with such a high-class dining experience, it makes for an uber-romantic experience.
The food was really well prepared and delicious, but sorry to be "that guy"...I've certainly had better.
Nothing to complain about, but nothing stood out to blow my mind either.
We did the larger tasting menu (5 courses), and I had lobster salad (4 stars), seared scallop (4 stars, although it was a little over), foie gras (2 stars, but I'm not a foie person and I appreciated the toasted almonds for texture), lamb (3 stars) and pineapple nougat dessert (4 stars).
The amuse bouche was a quail (I think) croquette and a shot of a cream soup, and that was particularly delicious, 5 stars!
I also ordered the wine pairing, and the wines were well-selected, delicious and interesting.
Service was impeccable and very high class.
Definitely worth a visit!

This restaurant definitely offers a nice and more upscale experience than most other restaurants.
The service is impeccable, and the atmosphere is very pleasant with real Picasso paintings surrounding you and the Bellagio fountains running constantly outside.
The food comes into fix menus only, no a la carte.
The food was very good, the portions are on the small side, but it does fill you up.
My only complain is the price.
Being originally from Europe (even though I am a US citizen), it is hard for me to understand how we can rack up a bill of $600 for 3 menus + a bottle of wine.
We have amazing 4 courses restaurants in Europe for less than $50pp, taxes and service included...  Just makes no sense at all!
I know, I am in America, but sorry, there is no justification for it.
So yes, great food, but prepare to pay top price for it.

You absolutely must not miss this if you're in Vegas and you love food/wine.
This place is famous and amazing for the quality of its food and atmosphere--NOT for a 'celebrity' chef's reputation.
Even if you don't get to sit on the terrace watching the Bellagio fountain show ringside all night, you still get to bask in the presence of seriously gorgeous art (it's not like they have a handful of piddling Picasso sketches--there are over a dozen full-blown paintings, and they are lovely).
Of course, you can still see the fountain show going off via the floor-to-ceiling windows even if you're seated inside.
Even though this is a truly special dining experience, the pricing is on par with or significantly less than many comparable places in Vegas (or in DC, for that matter).
For example, the short tasting menu at Guy Savoy in Caesar's is over $250.
At Picasso, the largest tasting menu is $125.
And you absolutely cannot go wrong with the food.
The sommelier is an amazing guy.
Rarely have I seen someone enjoy the enjoyment of others so much.
There's such a huge selection of wines by the glass that both times I've been there I've just had the sommelier take care of pairings for me.
I have had more than one truly subliminal tasting moment at Picasso because of the skill, care, and teamwork of the staff.
Truly, we'd probably be happy with PBR and sawdust in such and atmosphere/location, but Picasso is way, way above and beyond.
I will never go to Vegas without stopping here.

Really good food, great wine.
Surrounded by original art from the master.
Bring your ducats, cause the bill is steep.

2 Michelin star restaurant.
$115 per person at the least.
Is it worth it?
Yes.
If you enjoy fine art and food, this is the restaurant for you.
Upon entering, you see the amazing Picasso's hung on the walls.
If you sit by the window you'll have a fantastic view of the Bellagio water show.
The patio seating has an even better view of that, but you miss out on seeing the artwork.
The restaurant as a whole embodies a piece of art by Picasso.
From the backs of the chairs to the designs on the pillars, everything accents the art beautifully.
The art itself makes this restaurant worth eating at.
However, the food is impeccable and worth every dollar.
I ordered from the Prix fixe menu  Butternut Squash Soup- Tasty and I loved the marshmallows Kobe Spheres- Fancy meatballs.
They were delicious.
Tai Snapper- I enjoyed my friends Black Bass more, but the Snapper was still great.
Warm Chocolate Fondant- Like a chocolate lava cake.
The huckleberries were fresh and made the chocolate taste even better.
They served a dessert tower at the end which was cute.

I gave them two stars instead of one because the service is excellent.
The food, on the other hand .
First, I bit an olive pit in the olive bread they served to me and hurt my tooth.
Second, there was a small bug crawling on the side of my plate.
Third, it was Thanksgiving and the butternut squash theme was just too much.
Very unoriginal and boring and butternut squash should not be included in certain things just because it is Thanksgiving.
Love the decor.
Love the view.
Love the service.
Hated the food.

Four of us, three Degustation and one Prix Fixe with wine accompinent, came to just over a grand all in, including a few pre-dinner drinks.
It was a "significant" birthday for one of us and a great evening.
Others have critiqued the food.
I'll say it was all just wonderful, but the ambiance and service made the evening.
We snagged an outside table post-dinner to have another round of post-dinner drinks.
Had been there last just over ten years ago and previously dined a la Serrano at Masa's in SF.
One thing - dress code.
As laid back as I like to think I am some places should both request and enforce it.

This was an ultimate eating experience!
It would definitely be very hard to top this!
I don't know if I'll ever have a better dining experience than this.

Picasso was incredible.
The atmosphere which included artwork by Picasso and views of the Bellagio fountains, the service which was exquisite and the food which was full of flavor and creativity made this a very memorable dinner.
The staff at Picasso really understand how to provide great service and they delivered on all of our questions and requests during dinner.
We ordered the 5 course tasting menu which included a lobster salad (fresh lobster with a light yet flavorful dressing), scallop in a potato puree (the scallop melted in your mouth), fois gras (served with a brilliant sauce that brought out the flavor of the fois gras), lamb chop (perfectly cooked and seasoned with vegetables and a light sauce), and dessert where we had the chocolate lava cake and the peanut butter mousse.
All courses were reasonable in size and at the conclusion of each made you anxious for the next course.
The wine list was robust but not overwhelming.
We ordered a bottle of 2007 Cabernet which was silky smooth and complimented our meal.
We took the sommolier's  advice for port pairings with our dessert.
We ordered two different ports and they actually gave us a taste of each other's port so we could drink and taste the differences.
We would highly recommend a visit to Picasso.
It was the total experience in a relaxed yet scenic setting at the Bellagio hotel.

I went here for my 30th birthday and it was well worth it.
I got reservations for a Friday night at 6pm.
When we went in they had a table for us, but my girlfriend wanted to sit outside.
They were very accommodating and brought us out to a large table on the patio overlooking the water.
When we first sat down, there were some pine needles and a bit of debris on the table.
They cleaned it off and I did not think much of it, until later when we discovered why they were on the table.
We were sitting under a pine tree, and when the wind blew it was dropping bits and pieces on the table!
The waiter feigned ignorance as if he had never seen that happen before, but it detracted from an otherwise stellar meal.
So we took our time in deciding which of the three available courses we wanted.
There was a prix fixe menu that my girlfriend ended up choosing and the degustation menu I decided on.
I mentioned that I was pescatarian and the waiter said it was no problem making substitutions as need be, so I ended up substituting the foie gras dish for a shrimp dish from the prix fixe menu.
I also decided to do the wine pairing for the degustation menu.
I have to say that all the food I had was exquisite.
Each course had a wide variety of flavors, that blended together so well that I felt my palate was going on a ride.
The various courses covered different sensations on my tongue as well, from creamy, to crispy, and nearly everything in between.
It was all so rich and flavorful.
All but one of the wine pairings seemed spot on.
My girlfriend enjoyed her meal as well, except for her main course of the roasted pigeon.
She took one taste and decided it just was not for her.
Fortunately when she took it home for the doggies, they LOVED it!
The experience was really 4.5 stars and I'm sure it could have been 5 stars with a few tweaks.
The $400 I spent for the evening was more than worth it.

Bullshit service.
.. everything felt like it was hurried.
Food not up to par.
My lamb was grisly and grossly undercooked.
For this price, I expect a better cut of lamb.

Went there for my birthday.
Had a wonderful time for my mother in March.
The seating was wonderful, right by the dancing waters.
I was excited & not paying good attention- one of the courses was liver!
I told the waiter I won't eat it.
He said he would talk to the chef-but he never responded.
They took away the liver & brought me nothing.
They had the nerve to charge extra because we chose a veal chop instead of lamb.
We had wine pairing & the liver wine was awful & the red wine was nothing special.
I was not impressed.
When you pay $500 for 2 people you want a magical time.
Never going back.

Brilliant meal for a special occasion.
Food and wine was divine.
Best short rib I have ever had, still thinking about it.
A little surprised the Petit Fours and 'take home pack' banana muffins were so average as a last impression

Second time here, still amazed by the intense flavor and delicate presentation.
Next time I should go for wine pairing if I have the quota, haha.

With ALEX closing its doors couple years ago (see my review for ALEX), Vegas now has just 3 restaurants left having the highly prestigious Michelin 2 and 3 star awards.
Picasso is one of them.
The walkway to meet the Matre d' in the sitting area showcases a number of original sculptures by Pablo Picasso, including a $34 Million dollar painting that adorns the sitting room.
Another Pablo Picasso painting, hung right over my table, had me beg a question to the waiter.
This restaurant has 11 Picasso paintings totaling a worth of $300 Million dollars, he says.
I am dining in a fine arts museum.
Another showcase that caught my attention every 15 minutes: the water fountain show since this establishment is adjacent to the Bellagio waters.
L'Amuse-Bouche was a tasting of Vichyssoise which is typically served cold, however the chef opted to present it as warm with a topping of almonds.
Pairing this classic soup is a pheasant croquette topped with a sliver of prosciutto where its bold savoriness balanced with the light, airy and delicate croquette.
Quail Salad was served with sauteed artichokes and pinenuts.
Despite salad status, the perfectly cooked Quail legs rises to the top as an excellent dish.
Oysters were poached in Sauce Vermouth and garnished with Osetra Caviar.
The taste felt incomplete.
This can be remedied by a light squeeze of zesty lemon juice to balance the warmth of Vermouth.
I concluded the caviar did little to augment the flavor of oysters.
I would have probably preferred the caviar to be served on the side to separate tasting notes.
Most American-based French restaurants usually pan-sear Foie Gras.
Picasso however takes the classic "Torchon" approach, a tedious process of gently poaching and resting the cloth-wrapped goodness for several days.
The result: a pure unadulterated taste of buttery rich Foie Gras, without the bitterness of searing, almost as pure as from the Terrine method of cooking.
the crunchy texture of fried toast and sweetness from the delicately caramelized pineapple slices accompanied this overly rich organ.
However I found either the accompaniment too small in portions or the Foie Gras too large to achieve such a balance.
Sauteed Medallions of Fallow Deer had a hint of gaminess as expected from this European deer, but was nevertheless tender and surrenders easily to a butter knife.
Red Zinfandel marries a perfect match.
Tasting balance here are caramelized green apples which I find effective.
Peanut Butter Mousse Timbale was served with Blackberry Pt de Fruit with Chocolate Torte and Banana Peanut Brittle Ice Cream.
The brittle had a satisfying crack when broken by the dessert spoon, the Torte cake was moist and spongy, and the ice cream of course creamy.
This dish was a play of textures and a grand exit to the prix fixe.
At about $300 (not counting wine), this dining experience is a bargain compared to the Guy Savoy costing twice as much for a comparable prix fixe, considering it's in the same 2-Star Michelin category.
Despite noted flaws, I am giving 4 stars for good service, excellent venue (and art display) and great prices for their upscale cuisine.

We have Xmas eve specail dinner with special menu too.
My main dish is lobster, it's really good, a whole lobster meat inside and very good tasty.
dessert is also very good.
wish if there any chance i can come again.
And yes, it's really worth for 2stars michellin, only one complain is there is a 3ys old korean boy, he made noise for all night, we can't believe how this restaurant can allowed this happened.

The dining room here is pretty incredible.
Picasso paintings everywhere, huge ones to boot.
The food was executed perfectly, and wine pairings featured some interesting choices that the sommelier helped us learn about.
-1 star for the final lamb course.
Somehow, having the pan seared foie gras right before basically stole the show.
I think it's pretty hard to beat that dish.
But maybe I'm just Californian and deprived?
Anyway, the lamb was cooked well, but didn't wow me.
Service, wine, and course pacing were great.

Tasting menu with wine pairing.
Amuse Bouche: Potato leek soup with croquette.
Smooth and delicious.
Alaskan Crab Salad:  Great citrus and sweet flavors.
Micro greens was a good contrast to those flavors.
Foie Gras: I missed this since the ban in California so it was nice to enjoy one of my favorite foods.
Didn't care much for the slithers of almonds for the crunchy texture.
Rhubarb sauce was a good acidic sour note to balance the fatty richness of the tender juicy foie gras.
U-10 Dayboat scallops: potato mousseline, gravy.
Yummy.
Lamb loin: cooked perfectly.
Less gamey than the usual lamb flavors.
Good or bad depending on what you like.
I don't mind either way.
I guess when it was less gamey, you forget for second it is lamb.
Great service and ambiance.
Wine guy was very enthusiastic and excited about the wines he presented.
I learned a lot from him.
Food was just good.
Maybe I was more in the mood for comfort food but everything was fine.
I lost my muffin gift box at Marquee Nightclub...

This restaurant served one of the best lobster tails that I have ever had!
Everything about this place was incredible!
You are surrounded by over $100 million dollars of Picasso artwork.
The staff was just as impeccable as the food.
Picasso's has become my #1 favorite place to eat in Las Vegas!

I wasn't paying.
And truth be told, because I wasn't, I had a 5-star experience.
But given that most of you reading this WILL be paying, I can't rate it 5 stars.
Service is outstanding, which it should be.
Food is creative, unusual, flavorful, beautiful, and tasty, which it should be.
When you're coming to a place that is frequently mentioned on "Top 10" lists, a place that has 2 Michelin Stars, a place with $300 million worth of Picasso paintings on the wall, everything SHOULD be exceptional.
And it was excellent.
But it wasn't "holy crap I can't wait to go back there the next time I am in town".
Instead it was "I'm glad I ate there once".
And I just can't give that 5 stars.

The most impressive part of Picasso is the service you receive.
They are serious pros at this.
Extremely attentive without being overbearing and extremely formal without being pretentious.
Plus the view is absolutely stunning so try to get a table by the fountain.
We got two different tasting menus and they were both very delicious.
I honestly can't speak much about the wine pairings because I'm such a plebeian, you know.

Awesome food...I want to go back.

Absolutely met our expectations!!!
My wife and I went there while on a recent trip and have no regrets.
The staff was exceptional and attentive.
Our waiter was very fun and helpful.
Every course was exceptional with a fun new take on something.
My only complaint would be 2 of the 5 main courses were unavailable for the evening (happened to the the two entrees I wanted).
The chef made me a milk fed veal dish that was not on the menu that was fantastic.
Other than being out of a few dishes we could not have had a better experience.
Make sure to ask for a table overlooking the Bellagio fountains.

Great service and excellent food!
The view of the Bellagio fountain is an added perk.
During dinner time, there is a showing every 15 minutes.
Make sure you send in a request for a window side seat if you really want to be close to the action.
Your view will be partially obstructed if you are towards the back of the room.
Dining is pretty straight forward: select between 3/4/5 prixe fixe menu.
The quality is worth of the 2-Michelin star and the amount of food is generous without it being overwhelming unlike other establishments in Bellagio  (thinking of Le Cirque or Olive -- where you'll be stuffed senseless by the end).

A-MAY-ZING!!!
A 5 star review just doesn't do Picasso's justice.
I need 7 stars for a place like this.
I am vegetarian, and they gladly bought out a menu just for me... 6 courses of the best food I've had in my life.
For you meat eaters, apparently the food is simply perfection!
And with $200million worth of original art on the walls, the scenery is just as good as the food.
If you're in Vegas, call (702) 693-8105 NOW and get your reservations here!!!
If you're not in Vegas, book your flight because you must eat here... What are you waiting for??

A michelin experience of good food, but terrible service, which left me no choice but giving Picasso a two star.
We had a weekend stay in Vegas and booked a dinner reservation at Picasso on Saturday night before our show in Bellagio.
The deco was a bit dark and heavy, but I did like the flower arrangements throughout the restaurant.
They offered a few menu options.
We were mostly interested in the fixed menu and the prix fixe menu.
We could select each course our of a few options.
We were all satisfied with pretty much all the courses we ordered.
Everything was good, I was especially impressed with the foie gras and the pigeon entrees.
However, the quality food was tainted by the poor quality of service.
The lead server (his name might be Jose).
He was rather pushy when I was contemplating if we should ordered the sea bass as the third course, even I picked the Turbot for my main course.
We ignored the initial rudeness.
When finished all our course and ready to ordered dessert.
I decided to skip dessert, but  other guests in my diner party did.
Then Jose (assuming that's his name) brought me a dessert I didn't order.
I told him I didn't order dessert, he said he picked this for me, since dessert is included.
Then I said had I known the dessert is included, I'd wished he could have communicated that information to me so that at least I could pick one I liked or my friends liked.
He got very angry and impatient.
He said "do you want to change the dessert" with a very condescending tone.
"It'd take 15 minutes".
I told him not to bother.
Besides the unpleasant scenarios with this particular waiter.
We also noticed other unprofessional service.
e.g.
waiter at other table dropped the menu on the ground accidentally.
Another server of ours made a mistake of swapping the two dishes my friends ordered.
I was quite surprised that this place has two michelin stars given the service was stunningly terrible.
The service staff is obviously not properly trained how to treat customers right.
This is possibly the worst service I've had in all the michelin star restaurants I've been to.
They definitely didn't provide me with Picasso level of art in terms of service.

I have to admit this restaurant is special.
The picasso paintings, his plates upon the walls, the fountains outside, it is a wonderful experience.
The abstract colored carpet and the waiters with their colorful ties is a little silly, but the restaurant is captivating.
The large painting at the bar is really a nice touch.
Service is definitely there but nothing to write home about.
I was having trouble deciding which main entree to choose, so I asked the waiter what his favorite was.
The answer was, "depends on your preference.
"  Not the exact answer I was looking for, but I'm not about to judge a restaurant soley based off that.
Again, for a michelin star restaurant, there were times I was surprised silverware wasn't being replaced.
The food now.
If I could summarize the food, I would say it's finely crafted, and very very simple.
Each dish has great flavors, and each ingrednient can be easily tasted.
Do not expect to be wowed by innovation or creativity, but be prepared the enjoy each food for what it is in its purest form.
For instance, the poached oysters.
They were topped with a warm vermouth sauce and topped with a little caviar.
Elegant, simple and delicous.
Another example is the veal chop.
The chop itself was slightly seasoned, and the vegetables it was served with were seasoned with rosemary.
There was horseradish on the side for anyone who chose.
Again, nothing out of the ordinary, but well executed.
I would definitely take guests here.
If you're looking for a quiet, quaint evening this is the place to be.
Art lovers, or people who appreciate a wonderful meal in a relaxing setting, this is the place to go.
I would expect it to be amazing to sit outside when the weather is good, but you would not be allowed to enjoy the surrounding art.

I can't say enough good things about this place.
The food is, without question, superb in every way.
Beautifully presented, well-portioned, and most importantly, divine.
It is obvious that a lot of thought and care is put into every dish.
I would have been happy with the poached oysters I had for my appetizer if that was all I was going to eat for the rest of the evening, but the hits kept coming throughout the evening.
My husband especially loved his fallow deer.
The service was first-class all the way.
The wait staff were attentive and efficient consistently throughout.
Our waiter was very observant, personable and gracious.
There was a small issue with the sommelier forgetting to give my husband a pour of one of the wine flight pairings, but that was quickly remedied with an extra pour of our choice along with a complimentary dessert wine pairing that was not included in the wine flight.
Dining here was a very enjoyable experience.
Our senses were filled by the beautiful surroundings, excellent service, and amazing food.
Expensive, but well worth it!

This place is fantastic!!!!!
I cannot stress that enough!!
I had a 4 course sampling menu with the wine pairing.
The first course set the bar very high and the rest of the meal did not dissapoint at all.
The first course was a quail salad, it was absolutely delicious, the quail was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside and was seasoned to perfection over a bed of some kind of greens (I forget what kind).
The second course was a kobe meatball, it was good but kind of forgetable, the real star was my main course.
It was by far the best lobster I have ever had in my whole life, I don't know but whoever made this is a freaking genius!!
And to top all of it off the view at Picasso is spectacular.
I am making my husband take me here every time we go to Vegas.

Picasso was one of those places that we always wanted to try, but we were distracted by other restaurants for one reason or another.
Finally made reservations and were not disappointed buy the food or service.
We had the tasting menu and a wonderful bottle of wine, and crying kids sitting at the table next to us and a crowed corner table that was uncomfortably small.
For a fine dining establishment, and prices to match, this place needs to do more than hang some original art on the wall for ambiance and call it good.
The food really was fantastic.
The foie gras and lamb tenderloin were some of the best I've had, but the high ceilings just bounce noise around the joint so much that it cost them a star in my book.

Taking living the high life to a whole another level (like just about everything else at The Bellagio), Picasso allows you to enjoy the fine works of the art Master Picasso, while dining on culinary genius simultaneously.
Located in the luxurious Bellagio, Picasso is one of my favorite upscale restaurants in fabulous Las Vegas.
Everything about Picasso radiates excellence- the service is impeccable, large selection of fine wines and liquors, and the pre-fixe menus are definitely not super size me portions, but perfectly portioned for you to enjoy your meal... to the very last scrumptious bite.
To many, I guess the dishes are a little on the small side, especially for the price.
If you decide to come to Picasso, be sure to make a reservation early enough so that you can request for a table with a view of the famous Bellagio Fountains show during your dinner.
When my family and I come to Vegas for a family vacation, we always reserve a night for dinner at Picasso.
It is everything you want in a Michelin Starred restaurant- it's elegant, intimate, delicious, above amazing service, and of course, expensive.
The restaurant is beautifully decorated with comfortable furniture, and subtle details that compliment Picasso's rare exquisite paintings that hang on many walls of the restaurant.
Even the presentations of the dishes are works of art themselves... both in taste and look.
A dinner at Picasso has a base price of $115 per person, so this definitely is not the place if you're on a budget.
This is Las Vegas after all...
I mean, go big or go home, right?
Although the pre-fixe price might deter many, the cultural and culinary experiences Picasso has to offer over the course of your meal is absolutely worth every hundred.
I am looking forward to my trip to Vegas this summer because I cannot wait to book my dinner at Picasso!
** Michelin Star

Very disappointed!
This place had great ratings, but I just don't see how.
I do not recommend this place.

My wife would give it a 6 star rating.
The food was well made.
Not very flavorful but rich and delicate (a work of art my my fancy wife just added).
Quantity is slim if you are a big guy but for the skinny jeans wearing and no chest hair type guys, the quantity will suffice.
I had the $115 dinner my friends had the $125 option and were disappointed in the quantity and hated the foie gras (not their type of food) and the fact that the "scallops" was really "a scallop" and the "lamb chops" was "a lamb chop".
Good experience overall.
Great service.
They forgot to bring me my coffee do they ended comping which was not necessary but goes with the classiness of this place.
$300 million in Picasso painting according to some places I've read.
You get a good view of fountains if you get seats next to window which we couldn't because they only seat 2 and we were 4.
Even with reservations don't expect to get fountain view table for 2 as a guarantee.
If you are a vegetarian or pescetarian as ourselves let them know and they will go out of their way for you.
Like I said service is great.
If my expectation of the food wasn't so high going in I would have rated it higher.
It doesn't matter what Zagat or Michelin or Opera Winfrey say or how many stars, thumbs up or diamonds anyone gives them.
Food is going into your mouth.
Maybe they had a special meal cooked for them by Picasso himself.
So worth going but don't expect to taste heaven.
Its good food that is different than what you will get in your typical U.S. city.
It's the higher than normal expectations and us being spoiled that has ruined our planet and society as a whole so try it out and stop reading these reviews like a stingy old man.

This is the best and most expensive meal of my life.
You, yes you, stop reading and pick up the phone and make a reservation... NOW.
I would again if I wasn't sitting in Richmond right now.
This is the only meal in my life where I cannot wait to go back again.
Literally, when I am sitting at my job, it's raining outside, I'm miserable, I think back to that night and remember that I was treated like royalty and I smile.
Ladies, now is the time to dress.
Also, if you like iced tea order some and ask for sweetener even if you are an unsweetened kind of person just to see the layout.
I've never seen anything like it because your waiter brings you sugar cubes, simple syrup and agave nectar on platter and puts in at your finger tips for the rest of the night.
Food was incredible.
My practical husband was concerned that he would be paying hundreds of dollars for one thing on the plate and a swirl of sauce.
He and I were both so full we could not finish dessert, which is a sin against humanity.
This is one of those moments where you will remember it for the rest of your life.

The food and service is as good as it gets.
The value is off to me.
I think we spent a little under $500 for 2 people which isn't insane but it's not chump change.
I would recommend it, worth a try but I personally can do more with my $500.
If you sit outside make sure the temperature stays good.
I had a hard time understanding the wine dude, really nice guy though.
If you are a vegan then don't bother going there.

My boyfriend treated me to this gem of a restaurant tucked away in Bellagio for my birthday over an year ago (yes, a much delayed review).
With an outdoor terrace situated directly next to the Bellagio fountains and a beautifully decorated interior embellished by Picasso paintings, this double Michelin star awarded restaurant is a delectable treat of near perfection.
BUT, be prepared to spend quite a hefty sum in order to experience dining here.
Rating: 5 stars  AMBIANCE: Very romantic, sophisticated, upscale, and high class.
Beautiful paintings hanging on the walls, an immaculate and grand (but not pretentious) interior, and I always love seeing flowers incorporated into table settings.
SERVICE: Cannot review Picasso without mentioning the impeccable service.
The waiters are all very sincere, attentive, and charming and the excellent service enhances the overall experience.
FOOD: Bf and I both ordered the Prix Fixe Menu with Sommelier's wine pairing.
The wine pairings were exceptional and the pairings really heighten the flavors of every dish.
To start off, as if the restaurant itself wasn't displaying enough Picasso artwork, the butter comes out with "Picasso" engraved on it.
I've been to my fair share of fine dining experiences, and rarely do I see butter that personalized...not just your usual stick/cup/ball of butter, but it makes it hard to eat because you just don't want to touch it...
The rest of the meal can really only be explained in photos as they were all such delectable treats.
Started off with the pea soup (lovely texture, rich pea flavor and smooth, just the way I like it and more), then the sauted ruby red shrimp (a wonderful burst of flavor accentuated by the piquillo pepper vinaigrette), then the sauted center cut filet of swordfish (perfection taste-wise, but I wish plating was a bit more creative), and finished off with the beggar's purse (a gorgeously plated risotto chocolate chip pudding, coconut macaroon, and banana-passion fruit caramel sorbet).
The chocolate fondant was delicious as well, but I definitely preferred the beggar's purse (such a creative dessert!).
Overall, food, wine, and service were all over and beyond my expectations!
And it helps that they gave a box of cookies for my birthday...a little something to remember the Picasso experience ;)

I don't have money to throw around (Why do I forget that when I'm in the casinos?
), and I don't feel right paying for goods or services I can do as well as if not better at home.
With that said, I feel very well with my experience at Picasso.
We made early reservations.
When we arrived, we were allowed to view the collection of works by the artist and actually took a few photos.(What?
I'm a tourist.
)  We were given a choice of sitting indoors or out.
We decided to sit inside, but still had a great view of the fountains.
' best of both worlds.
It seems the menu doesn't change much.
If you have something good, why mess with it?
I will say that after the amuse bouche and next course were served, I thought I might need something to snack on later.
They were both exquisitely plated, subtle yet rich, and....small.
But I was wrong.
Everything was perfect.
By the time we left the restaurant, we were both satiated on every level (No, we didn't have sex, but I think my mouth had multiple orgasms.
)    Service was excellent.
Our waiter, Robert was personable yet professional.
He was knowledgeable and his recommendations were spot on.
If our tastes had been different that night, I am confident Robert would have called it right.
I feel the same about our sommelier although he spoke a little too softly, at times.
(What's with all the French accents?
)  Expensive, but:  beautiful setting, soothing, yet dynamic atmosphere, excellent service, fine French food........Yes!

Picasso is truly an experience from the minute you walk-in and are warmly greeted as a welcomed guest.
On the way to your table you can drink in the ambiance of the tables & bowls of fragrant flowers and the gallery style Picasso's adorning the walls.
The wait staff was friendly and accommodating without the snobbery of "fine restaurant attitude" and immediately began taking care of us.
In fact, when I was overwhelmed by the wine list, they sent over the sommelier (which I was hesitant to request as I was looking for a bottle of wine under $100, and their selections went into the thousands of dollars)!
A recommendation of a great white and a reasonable price was offered that we all thoroughly enjoyed.
The choice you have is either the pre-fixe (4 course with apps and entree selection choices) menu or the degustation (5 course, entree selection only), and choice of desert for both, so an open mind is necessary.
Our party had both and every bite was incredibly delicious and mouth-tingling.
We shared tastes, salivating at each others selection.
Two things I will point out, the seared foie gras was to die for and the scallop was perfectly done, buttery and unbelievable tasty.
But that applies to almost everything we ate.
Perfection personified.
A very special treat!

My wife tool me to this place for birthday 11 years ago.
First of all, you have to dress up Nd make well advance reservation to eat here.
I was too excited a out the food but they pamper you a lot.
So, if you want to enjoy the food and want to eat a good portion, not sure whether this is the place.
This place is designed for different kind of people.

WOW.
this place is incredible.
the decor is beautiful, millions of dollars worth of Picasso paintings all over.
and if you get the right seat, you can catch the Bellagio water show during your dinner.
Since this was our anniversary dinner, we started off with two glasses of champagne.
($24).
Now, im not a champagne drinker, but it was pretty good.
They have two menu's, the "degustation" ($125) and the Prix Fixe ($115) I went with the prix fixe 4 course meal.
my husband had the degustation which gives you five courses.
first course: butternut squash soup with marshmallow.
It was so creamy and delicious, good to the last drop!
second course: Sauteed ruby red shrimp with roasted zucchini, artichoke and a pepper vinaigrette.
WOW!
the shrimp were cooked perfectly and the pepper vinaigrette was so good i could drink it.
this was one of the best shrimp appetizers i think ive ever had.
third course: The roasted milk fed veal chop, served with a roasted rosemary potato.
the veal was cooked to a perfect medium rare, and was beyond flavorful.
the potato was so good too.
i clearly was so stuffed from the other food, but couldnt help but to finish every last bite.
fourth course: dessert.
i went with the chocolate fondant with coconut gelato and macaroons.
the chocolate was so rich and creamy.
not overly sweet and paired perfectly with the coconut gelato.
the macaroon was great.
So was the hand selection of home made chocolates that the chef sent out for us as well.
my husbands meal went as: first course: Maine Lobster Salad with an Apple-Champagne Vinaigrette perfect balance of sweet and tanginess.
had a hint of spice as well.
nice and light- a perfect starter.
second course: Pan Seared Scallop with Potato Mousseline and Jus de Veau - scallop was cooked perfectly, leaving him to want more than just one scallop.
third course: Sauted Steak of "A" Foie Gras Roasted Almonds and Rhubarb Pure this was probably my husbands favorite course.
he still cant stop talking about it.
he said it was literally like he was eating a filet mignon.
it was so tender and so flavorful.
fourth course:Roasted Lamb with mint aioli.
The lamb was a perfect medium rare, the mint aioli was nice and delicate.
fifth course: Hazelnut Joconde with Gianduia Mousse, Vanilla Frangelico Ice Cream, Chocolate Covered Hazelnuts.
OMG this dessert was incredible.
Our server was great, extremely knowledgable about the menu and the beautiful artwork on the walls.
very social with us.
we finished dinner and dessert with an iced cappuccino and a beautiful view of the water show.
I am happy to know one of these exsists in new york and i cant wait to check that one out!

This is pretty much a Picasso museum with a restaurant!
The service and food is of course top notch.
We had the 5 course tasting menu with the pairing wines.
Nothing like getting Lobster salad, Scallop, foie gras, halibut and dessert in one continual  setting!
The preparation and execution was superb!
Everything cooked perfectly and visually appealing.
I just didn't get the 3 tables layout in our corner, "family style".
I was facing the couple in front of me, and the table on the other end was also facing the same couple.
So basically, I was trying not to make eye contact with two couples during our $500 intimate dinner.
So much for being comfortable.
If I come back, there will be a request for a better table.
So live and learn!
By the way, this restaurant is not easy to find inside the huge busy Bellagio.
It's is located by the shops, across from the Chanel, down the escalator, next to the Prime Steakhouse.
Yes it is absolutely worthed visiting this fine establishment.
Just make sure to request a decent table!
May I request grabbing a cocktail from the friendly bartender first?
Because this is the first thing you should do, before you head to your table.
Just get there 15 minutes before your reservation....

We hadn't been here in years and it was as good as it was 10 years ago; to eat a fantastic dinner and be surrounded by 100+ million of Picassos, what could be better.
What could be better is to have a perfect meal, which is what we got.
From start to finish, our experience was superb.
we had the degustation menu and a cpuple of glasses of wine and got out for under $400, which I believe is a relative bargain for food of this caliber.
Loved the foie gras (of course) and the lamb and the halibut but every course was terrific!

The most excellent meal we've had in Vegas so far.
First time was 11/2011 before seeing O.
We loved it so much, we had to come back again at our next opportunity.
I had the degustation and my partner the prix fix.
Can't go wrong with either and the wine pairings were perfect (we did the exact same thing last time)!
Absolutely nothing to complain about - an amazing feat for my boyfriend who is quite particular about food and wine!
Flawless service, excellent food, exquisite art, and even views of the Bellagio water show!

You wonder when you pay so much for food if it's going to be worth it.
If it's the same as your average $20 plate.
Well we got those wonders answered, the food was remarkable, it tasted nothing like anything I ever had.
The shrimps were perfectly cooked and so tender, the oysters, OMG my favorite part, they were cooked in a broth that tasted like beef broth and white wine.
Scallops were delicious.
We opted for the Japanese steak, it was $150 extra and got a lamb loin, this wasn't so good, it was full of fat I left more than half of it.
The foie gras was my least favorite, it just tasted like pure fat and had a gooey texture.
All in all most of the food was really good and even though they are all small plates we were full by the end of the night.
I wanted to give it 5 stars but because of those 2 items it gets 4.
PS.
if you sit outside you get the beautiful view of the fountains, keep in mind you also get the water mist every time the fountains shoot up hard.
So ladies if you are worried about your hair I'd sit further or inside.

A meal and a view fit for a king and his queen....or a couple of peasants who decided to spend some of their hard earned income tax dollars on a fancy meal.
Located at the beautiful Bellagio Hotel, Picasso's is a high end, Michelin star rated restaurant that has arguably the most romantic outdoor dining patio on the strip.
The inside of Picasso is also beautifully decorated.
They actually have numerous authentic Picasso paintings hung throughout the main dining room.
The patio is located on the edge of Lake Bellagio, which gives the diners stunning views of the Lake Bellagio water fountain show, which runs every 30 minutes.
Since we started our meal at dusk, and since the meal itself lasted over two hours, we were able to see the show numerous times.
Being able to watch the water fountain show from a front row seat at night was breathtaking.
It truly was the most romantic dining experience I've ever had.
Just take a look at this picture if you doubt me http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/picasso-las-vegas?select=Hju2-fzyXGYgQEV7X-HY1Q#hWXe_6R825AQIv5CPmAkpQ  Picasso's has two types of menus.
The first is a prix fixe that features four courses ($115 per).
The second is a degustation menu that features five courses ($125 per).
Since both menus offered different dishes, my wife and I decided to order one of each so we could try many of the dishes offered.
Besides what you order, you also receive bread (four types to choose from), Amuse Bouche (before dinner) and Petit Fours and Truffles (after dessert).
This is all we ate that magical evening;  Amuse Bouche- Raw Salmon Filled W/ Cream Cheese, Topped W/ Caviar, Hard Boiled Egg & Cucumber & a shot of Creamy Potato Soup  Bacon French Bread Manchego Cheese & Olive French Bread Maine Lobster Salad W/ Apple-Champagne Vinaigrette  Crme of Butternut Squash Soup W/ Amaretto Marshmallows & Mushroom Duxelles Pan Seared U-10 Day Boat Scallop W/ Potato Mousselline & Jus De Veau Sauteed Filet of Black Bass W/ Cauliflower Mousselline & Saffron Sauce  Sauteed Steak of "A" Foie Gras W/ Roasted Almonds & Rhubarb Puree  Roasted Milk Fed Veal Chop W/ Rosemary Potato & Au Jus Roasted Tournedo Loin of Colorado Lamb W/ Pisto, Mint Aioli & Tempura Zucchini Flower Warm Chocolate Foudant W/ Coconut Gelato & Macaroons  Warm Petite Cinnamon Bun W/ Tangerine Cream, Rhubarb Tartlet & Cream Cheese Gelato Petit Fours  We each ordered a tasty martini to start the evening but I can't recall what they were made with.
Sorry.
Because this review is already running long, I'll spare you detailed descriptions of each dish.
I'll just tell you that everything we ate at Picasso's was exquisite, just as Kent D. said it would be.
My meal at Picasso's definitely rates in my top five favorite meals of all time.
The service at Picasso's was top notch.
Our silverware was exchanged with every new dish, our napkins were folded for us whenever we got up from the table, crumbs were removed from our table after almost every dish and the servers even offered to take our pictures in front of the fountain show.
As we were leaving Picasso, the hostess handed both my wife and I a small box with the restaurants name written on it.
Inside was two individually wrapped banana chocolate chip muffins.
I've never been to a restaurant that gives you a gift after dining with them.
I thought that was a nice touch.
It's no shock that Picasso's has been awarded two Michelin stars two years in a row.
It's a phenomenal restaurant with exquisite food and a breathtaking view.
If you're looking to impress that someone special in your life or are looking for a restaurant to celebrate a special occasion then look no further than Picasso.

Celebrated an anniversary with the wife at the Picasso.
What a treat.
The restaurant has a truly classy aura.
The excitement of vegas is echoed by the bellagio fountain show, but the chaos is muted by the dark lighting and impressive picasso paintings.
It's like watching the world from inside a a fishbowl.
You know, a fishbowl with picassos.
My wife and I each ordered the menu degustation with the standard wine pairing.
The sommelier informed us that the premium wine pairing comprised of wines that were more scarce, but certainly not superior.
We decided on the standard wine pairing which was stupendous.
i appreciated that the sommelier not only described each wine, but also described why each wine was chosen as the compliment to each dish.
that was special.
The first dish was a small lobster salad with an apple -champagne vinaigrette...very plump juicy and fresh morsels of lobster in a light sauce.
every other bite brought a surprise crunch of peppercorn that spiced up the lobster and added another dimension to the sweet shellfish and sauce.
The second dish was a pan seared day boat scallop.
this dish was a show stopper.
every element of this dish enhanced every other flavor.
the scallop was seared just perfectly, melting in my mouth yet maintaining the bounce of a fresh scallop.
scallops are very difficult to cook perfectly.
i've been to a number of spectacular restaurants that have had very disappointing scallops--typically overcooked and rubbery.
no problems here.
buttery, clean, and rich.
the third dish was the foie gras with roasted almonds.
at this point i locked eyes with my wife and we both had the "wtf did i just taste... did that just happen?
" look.
insane.
spectacular.
rich.
indulgent.
the wine pairing was the most impressive of the night as well.
my favorite foie gras ever.
dish number four?
oh yes, the 150 supplement of true japanese a5 kobe beef.
this is't the same faux-be kobe you've had before...this was the real deal Holyfield.
kobe beef had been banned from the usa due to health concerns from japanese cattle.
that was until last year, when the ban was lifted.
ordered my steak medium rare.
it was...flawless.
it was the richest thing i've eaten in my life.
and it was surprisingly LARGE for such a decadent piece of meat.
i have been the king of eating big steaks.
i'm like john candy from the great outdoors when he eats the great 96'er... this steak was probably 8 ounces but was so incredibly rich and buttery that i couldn't finish it.
i feel humiliated even writing that.
last dish was a choice from 5 or 6 dessert options.
delicious and also surprisingly generous portions  overall and unparalleled experience.
i will be back!!

We came on a Sunday night before O and the view was beautiful!
If you sit on the patio, you'll get a front row seat to the Fountains at Bellagio.
We watched the sunset while the Fountains went off every half hour until 8 and then every 15 minutes after 8.
I wasn't hungry and a little nauseous and there were only two options on the menu.
The smaller of the two options had two appetizers, an entree and a dessert for $115.
I wasn't feeling well or hungry enough to eat that much so I asked our waiter if I could just have a salad.
Our meal came with an amuse bouche with potato soup and something fried, bread, and butter with Picasso printed on it.
All the appetizers were yummy.
The salad was expensive at $22 but it was good.
My sister had the four course meal and I tried a little bite of everything and it was delicious!
The courses were small.
The fish appetizer with cauliflower mashed potatoes was buttery, flaky, and delicious.
The pigeon was my favorite entree.
I've had pigeon in Chinatown but this one was so much more flavorful and tender!
The veal chop was fatty and delicious as well but I liked the pigeon better.
The desserts tasted like your typical desserts.
I didn't order a dessert but I had some birthday petite fours which were pretty tasty.
The best part of this restaurant is the view and the Picasso art inside.
The food is delicious but the price can be a little off-putting considering that the cheapest option on the menu for dinner was $115.

We went to Picasso last night for dinner on our last night in Vegas.
The restaurant was beautiful and had wonderful views of the bellagio fountains.
A small gripe- I booked my reservations months in advance requesting a table by the windows and letting them know we were celebrating our wedding anniversary.
We were not given a window table, even after I asked, and I saw empty tables by the window that were never filled.
They also never acknowledged our anniversary, which again is not the end of the world.
We both ordered the 5 course tasting menu, although none of the menu options were explained to us.
The 1st course, the main lobster salad, was amazing and so fresh.
I loved it!
The bread was ok- not hot, which I would expect at a place of this caliber.
The 2nd course, the scallop, was good but not amazing.
Honestly, I had scallops that were a little better at Lakeside earlier that week.
The 3rd course, the foigras was amazing and the rhubarb sauce was perfection.
The 4th course- mine was the lamb, was by far the best I have ever had by far.
Super tender and melts in your mouth.
My husband had he halibut which was good but not amazing.
Dessert was good but again- looked better than it tasted- I had cheesecake and my husband had chocolate fondant.
Overall, the food and service were great, but if I'm comparing it to Guy Savoy or Joel Robuchon, there is simply no comparison.
Both Guy and Robuchon are in a different league, so I find it odd that they are compared so often and priced similarly (at least to Guy).
At both Guy Savoy and Robuchon, we were offered dozens of bread options from a cart and a cheese selection that was unreal.
Then we were also offered a candy/dessert cart.
At Picasso, we were not offered cheese unless you wanted it in lieu of dessert and for 14 up charge.
I also mentioned to the waiter that I wish I could do cheese and dessert, and he sort of shrugged and said it is a hard decision.
I'm just saying for hundreds of dollars at dinner, I ought to get whatever I want right?
Anyway, I think Picasso is awesome and the food is outstanding.
However it's not on par with other French dining options and the service is a bit standoffish.

A beautiful restaurant with a view to kill for, perfect food, and perfect service.
Alright!
See you next review!
Well, OK.
I guess my paltry review might be interesting to someone (probably not), but here goes.
The interior is gorgeous.
The artwork, the decor, everything.
Everyone greets you warmly and with a smile.
No stuffiness at all, it's all very warm and inviting.
We sat outside and, except for an occasional mist of water and ducks trying to get in on our dinner, it was perfect.
The fountains look majestic from this side, illuminated by Paris and Planet Hollywood.
Our waiter was delightful.
Very entertaining, friendly, warm, knowledgeable and attentive.
All of the wait staff was top notch.
The sommelier was amazing and rightfully proud of the pairings he selected.
These were, by far and away, the best wine pairings I've ever had.
It seems like the chef and the sommelier designed their menus together, because the food and the wine perfectly compliment each other.
I mean REALLY compliment.
Not in terms of vague overtones, or mouthfeel, or anything terribly abstract.
The wines TASTED like they belonged right alongside the dishes; like they would be incomplete without each other.
Amazing.
If you do the tasting menu and don't get wine pairings you're doing it wrong.
The first course was the Maine Lobster Salad.
More lobster than salad, which is fine with me.
The succulent, sweet lobster is molded and topped with kind of like a micro-greens salad.
The apple and champagne vinaigrette gave a nice acidity which cut through the richness of the lobster.
Complimenting the dish are pink peppercorns which explode with the absolute perfect flavor (that is also present in the accompanying wine!!!
)  and tiny balls of avocado and cantaloupe which give the lobster a creamy companion to contrast with the sharpness of the vinegar.
Next was the scallop.
Personally the biggest scallop I'd ever seen.
Seared beautifully with a nice brown crust.
The scallop was so tender, even on the bed of light, creamy mousseline, it seemed like it couldn't even support it's own weight.
Sweet and succulent doesn't even describe the scallop, and the veal jus was a surprisingly good accompaniment.
This was my wife's favorite dish of the evening.
And then, the foie gras.
The duck liver is just perfectly cooked: impeccably seared on the outside, with just enough heat in the middle to just soften the fat enough so that it literally (really, literally) melts in your mouth.
Accompanied by a rhubarb reduction of a sweet Hungarian wine, which is served as the pairing.
The sommelier recommended alternating every bite.
He was right.
Incredible.
I had the lamb with pisto, mint, and and a tempura zucchini flower.
The dish is just beautiful.
I almost didn't want to eat it, it was an amazing work of art.
But I did.
It was good.
Really, really good.
Lamb, surprise, was cooked perfectly.
The pisto was a perfect accompaniment, and the mint was great and not overpowering.
Desert was definitely the most artistic looking course.
Beautifully presented, and delicious on top.
I opted for the one with the mini cinnamon buns.
Not too sweet and a great balance of flavors.
Obviously I could have ended this review in one line.
What's the point?
Of course everything was amazing.
But one line wouldn't do this restaurant justice for how perfect everything is.

I loved that if you tell them you have a show to get to, the server will cater to you and "rush" your food.
By "rush" I mean you are given a disclosure that they will speed up the food delivery so you can make the show on time!
And that we did...finished up our dinner with 5 minutes to get to "O" across the hotel...wonderful.
The wine pairing is an amazing deal!!!!
GET IT!

This is truly exceptional food in Las Vegas.
The outdoor seating really transformed my entire impression of Vegas, which back on the strip was loud and full of colorful personalities.
You know that "ahhh.....made a gazillion bucks and reflect at the fountains" moment that Ocean's 11 shows?
Yeah.
You can totally ride that vibe by sitting outdoors at Picasso.
We made reservations well in advance for a party of 4, and requested fountain view.
They don't really differentiate between outdoor and indoor for that, so make sure you are clear.
I asked for an outdoor switch and they were so accommodating.
The difference is that outside the tables are spaced out a lot more, you can hear the Bellagio Fountain music, and see the water really closely.
Indoors is a whole different vibe--it's a full house, you can see the other patrons around you....but here, on the patio, we were in our own little world.
Celebrating our meager $100 dolla winnings that felt like megamillions.
Unfortunately, if there is any wind, some of the fountain show variations moves the spray over to the tables.
(We only had 1 uh oh moment when we saw all the sprinkles traveling in a giant wave towards us.
Yummy.
)  Bread was delicious.
They put something magical in that French bread.
The butter has a Picasso etch, which was lovely.
I asked for a non-alcoholic fruit drink, and they brought out a cocktail glass, and freshly shook a glass of a grapefruit concoction--oh my god, I wish I had a pint of that ($7 per glass).
-Amuse bouche was very yummy, and set the meal well.
-Favorite out of the starter was the fish....which was totally, hands down, 5 star worthy.
Pea soup was also very delectable, as was the oysters+caviar.
-Second: not a fan of foie gras, but I really enjoyed it off my friend's plate.
The shrimp was also very tasty.
-Main: Deer was surprisingly good, and everything was well balanced.
It didn't taste very gamey at all.
Everything else was well done, but not that memorable in my mind to get 5 stars.
My fish was also really well executed.
-Dessert: underwhelming.
I ordered the pear dessert, and the figs in the vanilla were a bit too chewy in my teeth--smaller chunks, please.
The chocolate cake was decent, but nothing that spectacular.
The passionfruit chocolate and rum ice cream was also good, but I have had better.
Overall, the service is impeccable (not intimidating at all), view is astounding outdoors, food is very well executed but not with many standout dishes.
Dessert seems weak relative to the quality of the rest of the dishes.
It's a wonderful, wonderful restaurant that deserves a visit if you are in Vegas, but don't expect it to be a best of your lifetime dining experience.
**Note: for show goers, we arrived at 5:30 and caught our 7:30 show with 5 minutes to spare.
Did the regular prix fixe and didn't rush them ever.

Lovely.
For a belovedly low-class town, a seat on the outdoor terrace by the lake is perhaps the classiest seat in Las Vegas.
Pictures don't do it justice -- sitting for a 2-hour meal on a warm summer's evening, as the sun sets and the Bellagio fountain lights go on, enjoying dish after dish of exquisitely presented French dishes...
I've had equally good food elsewhere, but never in such a mesmerizing setting.
And yet the terrace isn't even as famous as the dining room, which is lined with Picasso's original works.
Given the obvious theme of the restaurant I was afraid it would be over-the-top, but the dining room is actually quite restrained and elegant.
Some of the paintings might be brightly-colored Cubist pieces, but the decor is otherwise hushed.
Although we ate outside for dinner, after the meal we sat at the bar beneath the glow of backlit liquor bottles and a large Picasso portrait.
Again, if you were to describe this scene to me on paper I'd find it cheesy and pretentious, yet the experience was anything but.
When we first arrived we were briskly seated on the terrace, right by the water.
The wait staff obliged us by taking multiple photos as we waited for our server.
We opted first for a couple glasses of red -- she, a Taken 2009 cabernet, and I had an Eola Hills 2010 Oregon pinot noir that was VERY good.
$17 per glass, so it's pricey but in keeping with the rest of the menu.
A small gripe was that our server wore a very dirty jacket, with stains and dust up and down both sleeves.
No idea what was going on there.
Also, it's been commented on by others -- and it does sound like a first-world problem to the nth degree -- but the bread was mediocre and of limited selection, which is disappointing only because of how much you're paying for the meal.
The dishes themselves were delicious.
I went with the tasting menu, while my girlfriend ordered soup, asparagus with morels, and short rib from the prix fixe menu.
There's only a $10 difference between the two, except the tasting menu adds an extra dish and more unique offerings, so I'd recommend the degustation.
Highlights from the food were the lobster salad, the morels, the U-10 scallop (just one large scallop, but *perfectly* seared, wow), and the short rib.
The tasting menu comes also with what's probably the signature dish -- a seared "steak" of foie gras, which is literally a whole fatty duck liver.
It's probably not a good sign when the server places a dish in front of you and says, "I don't want to tell you how much cholesterol is in this, because your girlfriend would get upset.
" It's also probably not a good sign when you're a cardiologist and the server says this to you.
As for the foie gras itself, it's as decadent as it sounds -- far too rich for my taste, but incredibly tasty and well-prepared if foie is what you like.
Dessert was wonderful, and also the most artfully presented of all the courses.
My girlfriend ordered the pears poached in chai, with a side of ginger ice cream.
This dessert is GREAT, and I would recommend it highly.
We also overheard the couple at the next table saying that the blackberry cheesecake is delicious.
I had chocolate passion fruit cremeaux, paired with butter rum ice cream.
I've never had anything quite like it: a bite at first tastes like passion fruit but then finishes like chocolate.
Also good, but not as good as the poached pear.
Finally, it's worth repeating just how spectacular a sight it is to be right next to the fountains at nightfall.
Paris and the Cosmo lit in the back, with a different water show every 15 minutes.
We were lucky that it wasn't especially windy, so we only had to protect our food from the spray once or twice.
But even if it were more breezy, I'd do it all over again.
And for about $150 per person (before tax and tip), while it's certainly expensive yet appropriate, I think, for the entire experience that you're paying for.
Absolutely unforgettable.
**As an added bonus, Chef Julian Serrano visited our table before our meal and took pictures with us.
Then, as we were enjoying a drink afterwards, he came up to the bar and chatted with us for a good 15 minutes about the food scene in San Francisco (he trained at Masa's) and the differences between seafood in Las Vegas (shipped directly from the East Coast overnight) and the West Coast proper (crappy seafood).
Nice guy.

This place is delicious and romantic.
It has a great view and their tasting menu is amazing.

Desserts are fantastic, soup is great.
Service not too stuffy but they are a bit "on you" the whole time.

This place seemed to have earned its Michelin stars based primarily on its service, ambiance, and decor.
The food, although good really wasn't extraordinarily, especially at its price point.
The foie gras was a bit over seared and the lobster a bit overdone as well.
I'd probably go back, but only if the casino was footing the bill.

Every once in awhile you have a meal that changes your life.
This was one of them.
Everything was perfect, except the price.
However, I prepared for the hit... though I still cry a little everything when I look at my bank account.
Anyways, if you're looking for a fine dining splurge, this is definitely not a bad choice.
The fountains at the Bellagio are also phenomenal during dinner.

One of the best restaurants in Vegas for a 'special' meal!
The food speaks for itself.
The wine list is incredible and believe it or not, reasonably priced.
The servers couldn't be more helpful or friendlier if they tried.
We finished our glass of wine on the patio over-looking the Bellagio fountain-show; just spectacular!
As we were leaving, we were handed a small little gift-box w /muffins for the next morning, now that's marketing at it's finest, LOVED it!!

Vegan friends loved it!
Flavors complex and unique!

I came here for my anniversary and I received 5 star service here.
The whole environment is very high end but they make you feel very comfortable here, not awkward.
I chose the chefs special and its a 5 dish course.
I like the lobster salad the best.
The other dishes are decent but nothing too excited to write home.
They have real Picasso paintings inside the restaurant and that's certainly something very special that other restaurants do not have.

This has to be the most exotic place....
The view, the art, and the food.
Everything was perfect  Had been told about this special spot and finally we made it here.
We will definitely be back, over and over again The wine selection was unbelievable and the set menu with the wine pairing was flawless.
ThAnk you for the most enjoyable experience

Picasso was a treat.
My Son and I had very different tasting menus.
I had the vegetarian and Hans the select a menu.
Every big name restaurant has its defining item that I take with me into my foodie memory.
I wanted Picasso's to be something grand, like the "barely cooked salmon" at Le Bernadine but though everything was great (vegetarians must all want a puree of some vegi under some well cooked vegetable) nothing was as exceptional as their Raisin Bread.
Got 4 stars because it was good but was only remarkable for the memories of family and the bread... Well the poached pear desert did come in a close second to the bread.
I was later told that the chef is intentional about and enjoys preparing his dishes with the favors of the food items as the flavor profile.
I wish I had known this prior to eating there.
I would have still eaten there but my pallet would not have felt as cheated in flavoring as it did.
For a premium price I desired to be wowed.
It was exceptional quality and very pleasant wait staff.
If you like exciting, explosive, remarkable flavors, this is not the place.
If you like quality, skillfully prepared food, you will be satisfied.

What a beautiful dining experience!
We were able to meet chef Julian before our dinner which made the night very special.
We were seated outside on the patio overlooking the lake with the cool bellagio fountain show.
As much as I loved the gorgeous patio, the inside was just as beautiful.
We ordered the tasting menu and had a few glasses of Riesling and enjoyed a magnificent evening.
I loved every minute of it.
Joel Robuchon is still my favorite, but picasso was lovely as well.

The food and ambience is a beauty but i was somewhat disappointed that their fixe menu was almost the same from 3 years ago.
But overall, the restaurant is a must try when in vegas.

Just so so food .
The waiter mistaken our food and the only amazing thing probably is the art by Picasso on the wall.
Nothing spectacular.
Just so so.
Over estimate Michelin two star

Julian Serrano has managed to keep the 5-star quality a constant at Picasso throughout the many years I've been a patron.
Every detail is perfection.
From the ambiance to the just-attentive-enough service to the mind-blowing wine list to the beautifully presented, perfectly prepared food.
Picasso remains our special treat in Vegas.
Thanks to the entire staff for caring enough to maintain the impeccable quality of this lovely restaurant.

I went here on a date some time ago and it's clearly one of the top restaurants in Vegas.
Kudos to Julian Serrano.
Everything was executed well from start to finish.
Service was flawless.
A very romantic place decorated with Picasso art pieces - as an art school grad, this is a very nice touch.
You have a fabulous view of the fountains  From the prix fixe menu, we got: creme of butternut squash, warm quail salad, foie gras, sauteed bass and lobster.
Every single item was cooked to perfection, delicious and plated so beautifully - like a Picasso painting.
Perfection in every bite!
Now, I must say this.
The items on the menu come in small portions so, if you're that hungry and you don't like waiting a long time for each course to be served - this is not the place for you.
Our dinner lasted at least 3 hours which gave us time to ourselves to chat and what not.
I fell in love over and over just by being here.
The experience was totally unforgettable....too bad I can't say the same thing about my date.

Absolutely amazing!
Fanciest restaurant I have ever been to.
The food and service were both impeccable.
It was very pricey, but I felt it was all well worth it.
Exceeded all of my expectations.
My advice.....get the cheese plate!
It was incredible!!!!
Awesome birthday dinner.

I Had a great time dining at this restaurant.
Me and two friends had the 5 course menu and we all agreed it was among the best we ever had.
What particularly stands out was the perfect wine pairing and the wonderful foie gras.

This is a very fancy restaurant with good tastes in Vegas.
Since it is very hard to find a decent and quiet, not plastic place in Vegas, I will give them 5.
I like their fish dish in the course menu.

Where to start ???
Let put it this way, A true Home Run !!!!!!!!
We had 5:30 reservations as we were going to see O after dinner.
When we checked in the hostess greeted us and asked us to step into the lounge until the second host returned to seat us, we never got to the lounge area itself as the hostess came back.
As we made our way through the restaurant the hostess asked how our evening was and made small talk with us, most of the time a host appears to run off in front of you and then waits at the table, at Picasso they have it down, very personnel as they seat, great care taken with the guest.
Our waiter came to table brought the menu and the wine list, asked if we wish for a cocktail or champagne while we read through the menu, also asked about our water preference, excused himself.
The bus boy came with bread a selection of 3 breads and all were warm.
The sommelier noticed me reading the wine list and was quick to come to our aid.
He help my wife and I and made some suggestions, when we explained that only my wife was having wine and what she like he asked if he could make a selection for her to which she agreed, and she loved the wine he selected.
Dinner itself was amazing.
We had the chef menu.
They brought us an amuse which was a chilled leek soup with a grouse croquette.
WOW is all I can say, flavors explode in your mouth  1st course was Lobster Salad with Apple Vinegar.
I am not a lobster fan at all but if you made it like this every time I would eat it all the time.
2nd course was Pan seared Scallop.
Perfect, lightly seasoned and cooked just right, there was a light translucent center.
3rd course was Foie Gras.
Nice sixe portion and a crisp crouton served with fresh black cherries, so good and lucky me my wife is not a fan of Foie so I got more  Main course, my wife had Halibut and totally enjoyed it.
I had the Wagu Filet for an up charge but it was so worth it.
The desserts were amazing.
My wife had the black berry cheese cake and I had a Hassel nut chocolate cake.
This is so worth going and we will go back but a word of caution this is price, don't mean to offend anyone but it may not be for everyone.

Amazing restaurant!
The service and ambiance is really unbeatable.
It is rare that I come across a tasting menu that offers both delicious, perfectly married flavors and textures, along with generous/filling portions.
So I was in shock when that happened here, in a 2-Michelin-starred restaurant!
Our 3-hour long dinner was one of the best dining experiences I've had so far.
We never felt rushed with each course and wow, was the ambiance romantic!
The place is so nice and quiet, with only the occasional booming from the fountain show.
Most tables have a very good view of it from the dining room.
They even offer patio/balcony seating to get an even better view!
Dinner included the following: Amuse-bouche  First course: -poached oysters with osetra caviar and sauce vermouth                        -warm quail salad with sauteed artichokes and pinenuts  Second course: -foie gras au torchon with pineapple and port reduction                               -sauteed ruby red shrimp with roasted zucchini, crispy artichoke, tomato confit, and piquillo pepper vinaigrette  Third course: -roasted (whole!
) Maine lobster with sauce Americaine and salsify                          -sauteed medallions of fallow deer with caramelized green apple and zinfandel sauce  Dessert: -warm chocolate fondant with dark chocolate gelato, toasted marshmallow, and graham cracker                  -trio of meyer lemon flan with raspberry jellie, vanilla creme fraiche sorbet, and raspberry bavarois  Ended with petits fours.
Food was superb, but I wouldn't call the dishes extremely creative or original.
However, they definitely were all perfectly prepared and tasted amazing.
My favorites were definitely the foie gras (best foie I've had so far in my life!
) and the lobster, but the entire meal was to die for!
Thank you, Picasso!

Great food.
Scallops were great.
So was the Fois gras, my gf loved it.
I opted for the wagyu filet.
It was good but do not think it was worth the extra $150.
We also did the wine pairing.
All in all it is what you expect when you are paying that kind of money for food.

My husband took me here for my birthday and what an experience it was!
The courses, wine and service was outstanding!
He ordered the Wagyu and I had the Lobster.
All the courses were plated beautifully!
The Wagyu was exceptionally large piece then we have received in other restaurants.
Blake, Antonio and I cannot recall the wine guy were very attentive.
Such a romantic dinner by the window with a view of the fountains!
This was a wonderful and memorable dinner!

Oh my word.
I dined here in March 2013 and I do not remember much except for 4 things:  1.
Excellent Service 2.
Foie Gras 3.
Bambi 4.
I dropped the most expensive deuce in my life.
Ever.
Where can I begin?
Oh, man.
My sister and I dined here because she wanted to eat at "somewhere nice," to which I happily suggested that we dine at Picasso.
When we arrived to the restaurant, we were warmly greeted by two hostesses and were seated at our table.
Note: It was DARK in here.
I wonder if the dim lighting was a ploy to enhance the appearance of the food, the people around me, or hide the ninjas lurking around the joint.
Our waiter was excellent in taking care of us.
He was at our beck and call and answered any and every question we had for him.
The servers were awesome as well, and well-versed in the food they brought out.
Absolutely bomb diggity excellent.
Yes, I know.
The poor duckies.
As much as I am into advocating for the humane treatment of our fine, feathered friends..I just couldn't resist flying to Vegas to grab a taste.
It's reverse psychology to me.
Here, I'll try it on you.
Don't think about pink elephants.
It's bad, I mean it.
Don't!
Oh, but you are!
Bad example, but whatever.
My first bite was extremely salty for some reason.
It felt like I had eaten a teaspoon of table salt.
What the heck?
It was no biggie, because the second bite was pure fatty bliss.
It was perfectly balanced, floral, musky, meaty and fatty.
I think I lost about a year of my life from eating pure decadence.
My arteries were not happy.
Get the fallow deer.
I asked my sister, "what is fallow deer?
" She then told me to Google it.
Wikipedia presented a picture of Bambi to me.
Gosh darn it, Bambi,  why are you so melt-in-your-mouth delicious?
The Bambi medallions were cooked impeccably in a rich, red sauce that was delicately spooned onto my plate, table-side.
What a great presentation.
After ending my meal with coffee and mignardises, after walking out of the restaurant and riding the escalators up into the casino, after feeling blissful from having dined at a fine establishment, AND after situating myself at a lounge to drink away the night, my stomach decided to expel ALL of the rich food I had the pleasure of having within the last hour.
Thank god the restroom was 10 feet from where I was seated.
Let this show you that the food was incredibly RICH, soo rich that my stomach couldn't bear it.
That was $200 down the drain.
Literally.
In any case, I absolutely enjoyed every second here.
We never felt rushed or judged upon.
It was just my sister and I basking in the greatness of good food, service, and company.

Hands down the BEST restaurant I've ever been.
The combination of the view of the Bellagio fountains, the impeccable service, original Picasso paintings, and culinary perfection.
I had the oysters, veal chop, and hazelnut joconde.
It was all fantastic, especially the oysters.
Our server, Robert Capucino, was friendly, informative, and a true professional.
This is THE place to be.
Class and elegance.......simply THE  BEST!!!!

I usually do my ratings according to price and quality so the higher the price of a restaurant the more I need to be impressed.
So first, the view is spectacular!
The service is great (except for a condescending server but I didn't let that ruin my night) and the restaurant was very pretty.
They have 150 million dollars worth in Picasso paintings/sculpture/dishes, very impressive.
The reason why I'm giving it 3 stars is because some of the dishes served were good but not amazing I was expecting to go to heaven and back at this place.
I'm slightly disappointed because  I heard so many good things but the only dishes that I thought were worth while were the lobster salad and the Foie Gras.
My (and my husband's) scallops were really sandy (that should not happen in such a high end restaurant).
Anyways my entree was the lamb and it was extremely salty in one side and kinda bland in the other but the meat was tender and cooked perfectly so I have to give that to them.
The dessert was ok I had the jioconde and it really tasted like something picked out of the buffet.
Anyways generally speaking it was ok. Don't come with high expectations.

Drool...
Excellent Service.
Great View of the Bellagio Fountain.
Foie Gras!!!
Desserts!!!
Cost an arm n a leg but it was worth it!
Can't wait to come back again!!

Absolutely amazing experience for both my boyfriend and I!!!!
Ever course is impressive, elegant, and stunningly delicious.
Fantastic Malbec!
We had 5-course for my bday guy and 4-course for myself.
All I can say is - we can't love it more!!
Michelin 2-star restaurant is well deserved for Picasso.
Next time we would make a reservation at outdoor which can see the water show in front.

Wow.... just wow.
Picasso is a restaurant that just oozes class.
The best part is that the food and customer service are outstanding to match.
Picasso isn't your everyday restaurant, as suggested by its prime waterfront location in the gorgeous Bellagio resort.
The authentic, multi-million-dollar Picasso artworks adorning the walls are another giveaway that you're about to experience something spectacular at Chef Julian Serrano's flagship restaurant.
I visited Bellagio on a Saturday evening, armed with 5:30pm reservations.
The hostess was incredibly gracious and gave me a window seat overlooking the lake.
Perfect for front-row viewing of the half-hourly fountain shows.
The clientele skewed toward a very specific demographic -- mostly older Asian businessmen on dates with their (much, much younger) girlfriends or trophy wives.
I didn't really fit in, but I didn't let that faze me any.
After flipping through the encyclopaedic wine list and settling on a glass of Sauvignon blanc, I was all set.
There are several menus to choose from, including vegetarian and 4-course prix fixe menus.
However, I decided that "go big or go home" would be my motto for the weekend, so I opted for the 5-course degustation.
This includes an amuse bouche at the start of the meal and petit fours at the end, so it's really a 7-course extravaganza.
Absolutely everything about my dining experience was phenomenal, and I'm still reminiscing over it with fondness:  **AMUSE BOUCHE** A shot of slivered almond soup with a pheasant croquette.
The soup was silky smooth, which contrasted nicely with the slivered almonds.
The pheasant croquette was crispy and light.
Both were packed with flavor.
**COURSE 1** Maine lobster salad with apple-champagne vinaigrette.
Very fresh and complex.
Loved the addition of cantaloupe spheres.
**COURSE 2** Pan-seared U-10 dayboat scallop with potato mousseline and jus de veau.
Imagine the most perfectly cooked scallop you've ever had, sitting on the silkiest, smoothest, creamiest, and most decadent mashed potatoes you've ever come across.
That's *almost* as good as this dish was.
**COURSE 3** Sauteed steak of foie gras with toasted pisatachios and poached cherries.
Rich, luxurious, and amazingly cooked.
If you're feeling indulgent, you have to try this.
**COURSE 4** Sauteed filet of halibut with asparagus and Hollandaise.
This was probably the most traditional and straightforward dish of the night, but it was executed flawlessly.
Loved every flavor about it.
**COURSE 5** Pears poached in chai tea with panna cotta and chai tea ice cream.
The perfect ending.
A strong chai flavor connected all the elements.
Loved how the warm pears intermingled with the cold ice cream and perfectly textured panna cotta.
**PETIT FOURS** A tray of delectable handmade candies that included chocolates, jellies, truffles, and meringue.
Every single one was to die for.
After dinner was over and the check was paid, I felt so blissful that it was struggle to get up and leave.
But that's okay, because Picasso gives you a little something to go!
In my case, it was a gorgeous gift box with two individually wrapped mini muffins -- perfect for a breakfast snack the next morning.
Service is incredibly professional and gracious, with a whole team of servers tending to my table.
However, it was my server, Mitch, who really shined that day, making sure that every course was perfectly paced, every water glass was full, and every crumb was swept away between courses.
Another amazing surprise was receiving an email a few days later (from the general manager, Kelly M.) thanking me for my patronage.
I'm so blown away by a restaurant that cares so much about its guests.
What a night!
I don't know when I'll be back to Picasso, but I hope it's really soon.

a must try in vegas, 2 michelin stars, top service, view of the fountains, the food is rich but worth it, halibut was cooked perfect, veal chop was great, but the dessert is the best part, plus they have great wines that complete the meal, will definitely be back

I think i might expected too much from friend's and people's comment, the food is good, but not like 5 star great.
The ambiance is great!
Love to dine surrounded by 165million worth of Picasso Art.....

Seriously - probably one on the best dinners my wife and I have ever had - seriously!
We chose the Prix Fixe menu that included the Lobster Salad, Pan Seared Scallop, Foie Gras, Colorado Lamb - all delicious - I could have had an entire plate of the Scallop and Foie Gras for dinner - they were that good.
Not only was the food fantastic - but the service was 5 star.
Our captain Roger was such a  knowledgeable professional.
He took us thru every wine pairing - explaining what accents/notes/flavors we should be looking for in the food and the wine.
Speaking of wine - Robert - the sommelier - was outstanding.
Helping us pair wines with the prix fixe - that were outside of the wine pairing option.
Everyone of his picks hit it out of the park.
All I can say is "fantastico!
" - when back in Vegas - I'm coming back to Picasso.
My wife and I thank you for such a memorable night !

BEING SORT OF A NARCISSIST, I STARTED WRITING A MEMOIR...  CHAPTER 3:   WHAT I LEARNED IN JUNIOR HIGH Inspired after reading about Pablo Picasso's legendary ways with women, I drew a beautiful pastel of a girl I had a crush on.
Surprising Tomiko with the portrait totally creeped her out and she never spoke to me again.
I learned that females are not impressed by something you spent hours creating in a basement.
CHAPTER 28:  I SEDUCE A WOMAN WITH ART I invited my sweetie to dinner at Picasso Restaurant.
Fine dining beside Bellagio's synchronized fire-hydrants while surrounded by 50 million dollars worth of genuine Picasso paintings appears to have a certain effect on women.
The coveted table #34 has the best view of said fountains.
Using the opportunity to charm my sweetie with my knowledge of art, I explained that the colorful squiggles on the dinner plates were identical to the Picasso designs I'd seen at Museu Picasso in Barcelona.
I also freestyle-critiqued a few of the paintings on the walls (secretly, I couldn't name any of them).
As we enjoyed the magnificent meal, I commented that Chef Julian Serrano is like an artist, then immediately regretted making such a banal comparison.
My sweetie was too deep in a state of rapture to care.

WOW!
Decided to splurge on a nice meal in Vegas over Labor Day weekend and have heard (and read) glowing reviews about this place.
My two friends and I opted for the Prix Fixe menu, which is 5 courses from memory (make that 7 with the petit fours and take away treat) and more than enough food!
We were struggling by the end to finish.
The interior is lovely, with original Picasso paintings along the walls, fantastic service (they even brought out individual bag holder pegs for our table!
) and the food was beyond orgasmic.
Make sure you book a table in advance!

The view was extraordinary, the sommelier was exceptionally enthusiastic, the service was impeccable, the decor was artsy (yet a tad bit boring despite its value) and the food/wine was good but wasn't overwhelming.
Our favorites were the lobster entree and the veal chop.
The appetizers were just a wee bit above average.
We had the wine pairings which for us was different as we dont usually drink wine but the meal wasn't anything that blew his socks or my 4 inch heels off.
Sorry to say....but, it certainly was not worth $500 including tip.

We have been going to Picasso for at least ten years.
It is our favorite restaurant during our annual trips in Las Vegas.
We love the magical combinations Julian Serrano uses in his French- and Spanish-inspired cuisine.
The atmosphere is gorgeous, the wine selection is extensive, and the service is impeccable.
Every time we have had the friendly, but extremely, professional service of Robert (who, when we asked, told us he was from Biarritz.
) It was so nice that he remembered us each year.
My son, who is a chocolate connoisseur and has travelled to many countries, insists Picasso, has the best molten chocolate dessert he has ever had.
Picasso is a worthwhile and memorable dinner experience.

Came here with a bachelor party and this place was amazing.
Menu probably changes everyday or week (I included a picture of the menu I received on the Yelp page).
One word to describe this place is execution.
Everything that went into my mouth was thoroughly flavorful.
Presentation was great and venue was very nice (especially if you sit outside).
If you are looking for a place to eat for a special occasion, this is the place.
I'm really curious to try out this chef's other Las Vegas restaurant now.

One of the best, if not the best, experiences I have ever had at a restaurant.
The service here is impeccable.
You never have to ask for anything, yet you don't feel like the waitstaff is hovering over you.
My husband and I both went for the 5 course Degustation Menu.
Every course was delicious and well balanced.
I especially loved the lobster salad and the foie gras.
You have a choice of three entrees, I choose the lamb, and while it was very good, it didn't seem to live up to the other courses.
We had a wonderful dinner here, and loved that the restaurant overlooks the Bellagio fountain.
We will definitely come back here the next time we are in Vegas.

Breathtaking views with the most phenomenal food around!
The wine pairing completes the experience with an amazing Sommelier (Robert).

Amazing experience of food dining!
We were sitting outside next to the water and every once in a while we saw the water show as a bonus to the beautiful view and exceptional food.
I had the 4 course meal and it was almost outstanding!
I had the oysters which were heavenly.
for the second course I had the salmon which was ok but not wow, but my friend had the scallop as the second dish and it was just heaven in my mouth.
Third course came out as halibut which was very well prepared and the fourth course was the peach and ice cream, but I think it is not just the food, it is a combination of food, decor, atmosphere, service and of course company that made this place an outstanding dining experience for me!
If you are wondering, the bill came out to be around $360 for two people... a little TOO much!

Great fine dining experience and would go again.
My sister and I came here prior to our Cirque show and they were very gracious about making sure to call ahead and get our tickets squared away so we can walk on in.
The service is top notch friendly and conversational which is something I like as I am not a fan of stuffy environments.
We had a four course meal which was quite a treat prior to the show and it was great catching the fountain show from our table as it was the perfect place.
Enjoyed every minute of it and will definitely plan on coming here again the next time I am in Las Vegas.
5 Stars.

Picasso is a high end restaurant located in the beautiful Bellagio  Hotel and with a view  of Las Vegas's Re-creation of Lake Como.
It's a pleasing restaurant but it's classic beauty may benefit for a modern day face-lift.
No worries, there's nothing antiquated about their savory cuisines as you will pay $$$$.
But the the service, food and experience is well worth it.
The idea of trying pigeon was somewhat frightening.
But proved to be delicious!
I would recommend it anytime!
And oooh...
The oysters and caviar were to die for.

Was good but definitely nothing to write home about.

What was really irritating about this place was that because we didn't look like the normal clientele they were extremely unprofessional toward us.
The guard before the escalator told us that there's no exit downstairs even though we were going to the restaurant (I guess we looked too young?).
What a horrible way to start a dinner!
The hostess was nice, although we got a bad table even though the place wasn't full.
We got carded even though my friend was in his thirties.
The vegetarian tasting menu was really uninspired.
The portions are large per course, but nothing was outstanding and delicious.
It was nice and romantic, but there are far better romantic restaurants in Vegas that are far cheaper.
The desserts were pretty good though.
All in all, the experience was nice, but the service and the way we were treated definitely left something to be desired.
If you are choosing between this and other michelin star places--you should probably go elsewhere instead!

Be aware that your credit card will be charged twice for whatever dining at Picasso costs you.
I was told that this is their standard policy when I called to inquire about the double charges on our credit card - one for our dinner without tip, the other for our dinner with tip -  and that the first charge would eventually clear.
We had a wonderful meal - no question about that - but the "after taste" of this policy means we will not return to any of the Bellagio properties.
It seems that Picasso views "guests" as untrustworthy.
Besides, looking at our credit card statement gave us a bad case of sticker shock.

Listen you have to appreciate good food to eat in a place like this and drop about $200 per person.
People who complain about Picasso really have no wright to, well maybe if they have personality conflicts with waiters.
But listen my dinner was FLAWLESS.
There were 3 tasting menus when I was there.
a $125, a $115, and a $250 dollar one.
Wine matchings extra.
So be prepared to spend some money.
I would not hesitate to go back again.
I would ask to be seated on the terrace next to the fountains....spectacular.
Or seated inside by windows to view the fountains I liked it better than Le Cirque.
This is truly a food experience worth the price of admission.

The best place to have dinner is on the patio where you have front row seats for the water show; which are on a first come basis only.
If you like/love wine, you should definitely get the wine pairing with your dinner.
I really enjoyed the Pumpkin dessert that is made just for the season.

Amazing.
We say out on the patio and were able to enjoy the fountains.
The food was simply incredible.
All in all a truly memorable dining experience.
I would recommend it to anyone willing to pay top dollar and truly enjoy how dining should be experienced.

Could easily be one of the best restaurant i ever had in Las Vegas!!!
This place is on par with Guy Savoy or Joel Robuchon.
I ordered the tasting menu with the lobster supplement.
It was 40 dollars extra but it was very well worth it!!
Word cannot describe all my praise for this restaurant!!
Please refers to my pictures for all the goodies!!!
Definitely a must try!

Amazing Food and Service!
Dining amongst some of the most collectible art in the world a plus.
Only holdback is very very expensive.
Great for a once in a lifetime dining experience!

I would have to say one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.
I had a private event and the staff was amazing.
We had a wonderful time with the music playing and the fountain in front of us.
The experience was exceptional and if you ever have a event, this is the place to have it.
Pricey but hell, you only live once.
:)  Might as well die happy!

My wife and I decided we deserved something fancy  while in vegas and a friend recommended Picasso.
Got a reservation here on a day's notice so we were off to a good start.
They asked if we wanted indoor or outdoor and we opted for out.
Unless it's freezing, REQUEST OUTDOORS and you won't be disappointed.
I've always thought that the Bellagio Fountains we're okay when seeing them from the strip but man are they amazing when you get real front row seats!
Wasn't really expecting this and it was a nice addition to the dinner experience for us.
Food was superb.
Meal lasted about 3 hours or so at our leisurely pace.
The wife got the $125 five course and I got the $250 five course truffle menu.
Yah, we definitely splurged.
The service was impeccable.
The truffle risotto came out a little too al dente  and they prepared a new plate without any hassle.
Everything was delicious.
I only give 4 stars because I don't think the extra $125 was really worth it for the truffle menu.
They definitely didn't skimp on the white truffle.
Maybe I was just "truffled out" by the end of the meal.
I'd stick with the five course prix fix next time around and possibly do a wine pairing.
All in all, we loved it and will be back.

the gem of las vegas!!
a rarity in las vegas being that its a restaurant originally from las vegas.
its not an import from LA or New York and doesnt just bring a fancy name with no substance attached to it.
Let's face it, a lot of places open here cause the chefs want to make money.
They dont stay here making sure their food is coming out like they do at their original locations.
so lots of imported restaurants in las vegas are not as good.
but thank goodness for Julian Serrano and his decision to stay in vegas to cook at Picasso.
I dont need to describe any dish because I honestly have always been blown away by everything he puts out.
so be adventurous try something you literally can't go wrong.
they also have a great wine selection and the nicest sommelier   When I recommend restaurants Picasso is #1, because its a guarantee success.

In my first review of Picasso 6 years ago, I compared dining here to having a one night stand with a celebrity.
Well who said you can't hook up again when they're back in town???
My wife and I wanted to celebrate our 6th anniversary with a nice dinner.
It had been a long time since we were last here and it sounded a lot better than going to Red Lobster.
The original plan was to dine indoors and admire all the wonderful, priceless Picasso art displayed around the restaurant since we sat outside last time.
The hostess informed us they had a table open outside and asked if we wanted to check it out before deciding.
The fountain show was going off right then and we gave into the temptation of the patio once again.
Screw art :)  It's one of the best atmospheres to dine in Vegas!
I can't say no!
You get one of two course choices, there's the prix fixe and the menu dgustation.
We ordered one of each with wine pairings and even though the menu hadn't changed very much over the years, it was even more awesome now than before.
I think I appreciate fine dining now more than I did 6 years ago but that could also be due to prescription pills.
We're foie gras crazy people so that was one of the many highlights.
The foie gras au torchon is the way my wife prefers it while I love their "sauted steak of "A" foie gras".
The tenderness, oil and fattyness of it all complimented with figs and pistachios is like having a mouthful of multiple orgasms.
The pan seared U-10 day boat scallop with potato mousseline and jus de veau is like the most perfect, hand picked scallop.
A pearl!
I try to eat as small a bite as possible to savor it all.
You basically can't go wrong with any of it.
Why change the menu when it's pretty much perfect?
This also marks the first time I've gotten through wine courses without leaving totally bombed at the end.
I must be getting more mature :P  Service was A++ from beginning to end and they offered us an extra dessert dish to celebrate the occasion.
We had such a great time that we ended up being the last ones in the place!

We were able to get a last minute RSVP here when our RSVP for another restaurant fell through...probably the best mistake we've ever made!
Ambience: romantic, traditional.
The views of the fountain can't be best Food: delicious!
I had the 4 course pre-fixe, my husband had the seasonal truffle 5 course tasting and my mother in law had the regular tasting menu.
Everything was savory, impeccably flavored and just so delicious.
The foie gras is to die for and All of the truffle dishes were really superb.
Service : top notch, what you come to expect from a Michelin rated restaurant.
I was observing them meticulously and I don't think any of the servers made a single error...which is really amazing since we each got a different tasting menu.
Price: appropriate for the caliber of the restaurant.
Would recommend wholeheartedly!
Felicitaciones Chef Serrano!

Simply the best!
The staff was professional and took really good care of us.
It was an awesome experience with a perfect view of the fountain.
Most defiantly the highlight of my weekend.
I couldn't think of a better place to have dinner after a wedding.
Thank you for a wonderful evening.

Good service excellent environment but the food not deserve a two-star Michelin Restuarant!
I ordered the tasting menu.
Appetizer oyster is the most satisfying then sea bass and deer meat both too salty.
The dessert tropical Napoleon is bad no matter the plate itself or the taste.
I would not recommend this restaurant even though it has a great view to Bellagio fountain.

A great view of the fountains from the dining room.
A group of 4, we chose the prix fixe tasting menu.
My wife had the quail and I the poached oysters for the first course and both were outstanding.
For the second course, my wife had the foie gras and I the turbot - both were excellent.
I usually stay away from anything liver, but was surprised at the delicate flavor and richness of the foie gras - I guess that's why people like it so much.
The third course, we both had the Fallow Deer medallions paired with a delicious Malbec blend, a definite 5 star course.
I finished with a Sauternes.

Service was subpar, our server would just disappear.
But the sommelier was great and spoke in depth about the wine pairings.
Food was EXCELLENT.
I love bread but was not a fan of the bread service here.
However, that worked in my favor as I got to enjoy every bite of my meal.
The amuse bouche when we went was this mini prosciutto croquette and soup and I could have just eaten that all night long.
Ambience was great.
Price point is just amazing.
I was surprised at how affordable it was.
My husband and I stayed and walked around the restaurant looking at the art (we had a late dinner so there were not many diners at this time).

This is my "100th" review on yelp ,and I would like to write about Picasso!
Because it's a such special restaurant which truly wins 5 stars on my yelp book.
I came here with my husband to celebrate my birthday.
As soon as I walked in, I fell in love with romance and beauty of flower decoration and view of Bellagio fountain.
Our waiter told me Picasso spent $40k every month on these fresh elegant flowers!
Picasso only offers prefixed menu.
( no a la carte) I had winter truffle tasting menu ($250), and my husband had tasting menu ($135).
Omg!
I was really blew away how awesome our food was.
Every single bite of my truffle dishes wowed me.
My mouth was full of truffle aroma after each bite.
I've never had so much truffle in one meal before.
Lamb chop and seared foie gras from my husband's tasting menu were cooked "perfectly"!
(in flavor n presentation) However, desserts here were kind of weak.
I was expecting better from 2 star Michelin restaurant.
Our waiter was really really friendly and knowledgeable.
He noticed I had iphone and professional camera on my table since we seated.
He asked me if I would like to get pictures with my hubby.
I told him we are here to celebrate bday and it would be great.
Our waiter insisted to take my profession camera and took pictures from all different angles in main dinning room for us.
He also told me Picasso is very picture friendly.
I can feel free to take picture with any art masterpiece of Picasso on my way out.
I had such wonderful night here.
Thank you Picasso for making my night so special!!

3-and-a-half stars.
We both had the tasting menu, which was excellent with the unfortunate exception of the lamb, which was far over cooked for our medium rare order.
The waiter was lovely throughout and my capirihna delicious, but we expect more from a restaurant with its prices.
We had also requested several times in advance a table close to a window which was not initially provided (we got lucky that someone left early).

We went here for Christmas Eve.
First few courses weren't that great considering the price.
The main course however was amazing and made up for it.
Best meal I've had so far.
One small annoyance -- who charges $8.05 for a bottle of water?
Is it specially prepared from 2000 year old ice in Antarctica melted by burning $100 bills?
Tip: If you find that their online reservations are fully booked, don't worry.
Just give them a call and schedule that way.
There's usually a spot available, and even though they said places were tight, when we went there, there were many open/empty tables.

This place is absolutely amazing.
Yes somewhat stuffy atmosphere but I had the food and wine pairing from the left side of the menu.
Can I just say that was some of the best foie gras I have ever had!
On top of that we had the table next to the water fountain.
So great would go back.

Top notch food : but you are paying for it!
The dessert is amazing : not just the taste, but also the plating / color / decor / service / etc.
If you call and they tell you that there is no space, you may still want to go in person (especailly if you have a small group).
I got in even when they are supposedly "full".

One of the most pleasant dining experiences of my life.
As we arrived, we where greeted in a polite and formal manner.
They took our coats and there was no wait to get to our seat.
Unfortunately we were seated at the far back of the dining room away from any windows, so our view was only of the other patrons.
The dining room is very spacious however, so even in the back corner we did not feel like we where stick in the corner.
This was much appreciated, as I get claustrophobic in small dining rooms full of people like at Le Cirque.
The service throughout the night was professional, informed, and always there when we needed.
They even toped up my wine a few times in between courses without saying anything.
The one dish that stood out the most was a giant scallop dish.
It was so good, that we where obsessed with scallops for months after, looking for anything that tasted near as good.
I will most certainly go back.

Two words: OVERRATED and OVERPRICED  Julian Serrano you disappoint me.
I had high expectations of Picasso (in the Bellagio), especially since I read such amazing Yelp reviews.
However, my experience was anything but.
Since they were booked for the week of new years, we were only able to score a reservation for NYE.
I was a bit disappointed because that meant that we would have to spend an additional $35 per person for the same menu they serve on regular days.
Service:  Upon arriving, the hostess told us our table was ready and sat us at the table farthest away from the water show.
Even upon asking to be moved, we were not moved and the place was close to EMPTY!!
At first I thought it was because they were solidly booked up for the evening, but throughout our meal, we saw that most of the tables were open.
For a restaurant with an amazing view, I saw none of the water show.
This was extremely disappointing!
When our server came to introduce himself, we asked a few questions about the dishes and he didn't really know much about them.
When asked for suggestions, he just said all of the dishes taste good.
For a 2 Michelin star restaurant, I expected the service to be amazing and the server to be knowledgeable about the dishes and be able to give us some suggestions.
This was not the case.
From my past experience at Michelin star restaurants, when our dishes came, the server would explain a little bit about the dish and what we were eating.
This didn't happen at Picasso, instead they just put the food on the table.
In addition, Michelin star restaurants are known for their service.
We had crumbs on the table from the bread and food and they never came over to clean it up.
Moreover we ordered lemonade for a drink and they never came over to ask if we wanted a refill, bring out another one, or even take the glass away, just left the glass empty at our table.
What drastically hindered our fine dining experience was the photographer that Picasso hired for the night (or maybe its every evening).
The lady came by each table to take photos and asked for our name, hotel, and room number.
She told us that she would deliver the photos to our rooms after our meal.
I was annoyed that she interrupted our first course, but since they were going to deliver the photos to our room, I thought why not.
Only this was not the case.
The photos were NOT free.
She came back after we received our main course and told us that the photos cost $140 for the package (2 portfolios of 8x10s (four 8x10s) and 2 portfolios of wallet sizes (four wallets)) or we could purchase each 8x10 portfolio for $40 and each wallet portfolio for $25... adding it up it would have been cheaper to purchase each portfolio separately rather than get the "package".
Our photos were very unprofessional and were crumpled so we did not purchase them.
I handed it back to our server and asked him to tell her we did not want it.
She then came back (interrupting our dinner for the third time) and asked us if we were to purchase the photos.
I had explained to her that we had given it to our server and would not like to purchase them.
She asked why and kept badgering us to purchase them.
Never before had we had such an awful experience at any type of Michelin star restaurant being interrupted so many times during dinner and then badgered and guilt tripped into purchasing photos we did not want.
Food: Although I had read reviews about how amazing the food was at Picasso, ours was only mediocre.
What I ordered: pan seared u-10 day boat scallop, sauted steak of "a" foie gras, prime filet mignon, and hazelnut joconde  What my friend ordered: Alaskan crab salad, kobe spheres (some kobe meatballs in a lentil sauce thing), roasted milk-fed veal chop, and tropical napoleon  My main course was the Prime Filet Mignon and I asked for it to be cooked medium rare and it was cooked to medium.
The filet mignon lacked flavor and was very dry.
I had to ask a few times before they brought out any sauce.
I ended up eating only a few bites and couldn't finish it because I was not enjoying it at all.
After being bothered by the photographer, we didn't want to eat our dessert and only finished part of it because we were so annoyed.
We didn't even get time to enjoy the Picasso art!
We came here to celebrate graduating from graduate school, but left highly annoyed and upset.
Our dinner cost over $400 and we left extremely disappointed.
I would not recommend Picasso to anyone, unless you want to spend big bucks for mediocre food and service.
For such an expensive meal, I  much rather would have spent it on several meals elsewhere.
We've been to Julian Serrano in the Aria hotel and greatly enjoyed our experience there more.
It is 1/5 of the cost and the servers are much more knowledgeable and friendly, plus we were never hustled for photos or bothered throughout our dinner there.

Wow, I am sorely disappointed with this restaurant.
Not one good entree was eaten here.
All mediocre to downright terrible.
Even the bread sucked, tasted like a doughy dry mess from Costco or something.
I could barely stomach it.
I ordered the vegetarian menu and it blew.
First of all, every dish had something fried in it that didn't belong in there.
The heirloom tomato salad had this giant oily, over-fried mess they called a crouton baguette.
Omg, I get this giant oily mess swimming in a shallow layer of tomato sauce that tasted like Ragu but was supposed to be gazpacho.
Seriously?
Then I have the sauteed fava beans in pea puree.
Not bad, actually and truly on par with your top most favorite baby foods.
And thrown in were these fried cauliflowers that really added nothing special to my baby food.
Then came the butternut squash ravioli which were completely dried out and filled with downright butternut squash and nothing else.
It was the blandest most dried out pasta I have ever eaten.
No brown butter or sage to speak of.
I mean, what the hell?
The vegetable ragout was awful with these huge bland watery beets that tasted boiled or oversteamed, and was swimming in sauce that tasted like ragu yet again!
(boy, this must be Chef Serrano's favorite go-to brand!
) Other standouts for worst dish ever was the dessert, the hazelnut joconde.
Dear god, I've never had such a dry cake in my life.
It was layers of sawdust in between decent chocolate mousse.
And it was served dead cold.
I felt like I got one of those cakes from the frozen aisle but no one bothered to defrost it at all.
My husband's degustation menu wasn't any better and I will spare you the details but it was equally unremarkable to downright bad.
The main lobster salad was bland.
The scallop was decent.
He said his foie gras was overcooked at the edges but the middle was edible.
The loin of colorado lamb was overcooked - he asked for medium rare and got medium-well.
And it was a tiny piece of meat too - how do you get this wrong???
His Chai Tea Poached Pear was actually pretty good.
The ice cream wasn't overpowering and the poached pears were delicious.
But for spending over $300, I feel robbed.
I feel like I gambled and lost big time playing with the food roulette wheel of Vegas.
Chef Serrano was either asleep or not there when we dined.
Thanks for making me feel like you stole my money.

If you want a wonderful meal in a wonderful setting served by the friendliest and most professional people you could hope for, this is the place you want to go to.
We had the truffle tasting menu.
Everything was spectacular with a generous shaving of truffle on every dish.
There's not much else to say, to me it was just a perfect dinning experience and a badly needed one after the two horrible dinners at Wynn Steak and Milos.

Hidden downstairs in Bellagio near the shops.
Fancy schmancy spot where we celebrated a couple friends bdays.
Good food with good views of the fountain show outside.
I think 2 different prefix prices, 115 and 125 think it was.
Food was good, don't think u can go wrong on what u pick.

Well this is my first yelp review and I've been dining here for years.
Picasso is easily one of the finest restaurants in Las Vegas.
My husband and I came a little early for my birthday this year and had to stop by our favorite destination.
Always a great experience.

This review is for the bar only.
Picasso pours great wines by the glass and the hand-crafted cocktails are creative and well-prepared.
Service is amazing, and who wouldn't want to enjoy a glass of Bordeaux while viewing priceless art?

Food was excellent as was the setting.
I had super service till after the entree and then the waiter never returned.
It was such an abrupt contrast to the attentiveness I had received that I'm rating a 3 star.
No one asked about coffee and I waited  forever to get my check.

Good place to go for a dinner.
Good food and good service

Had the white alba truffle menu and actually not a truffle fan, but was pleasantly  surprised.
Great atmosphere and staff.
Enjoyed the meal and ambiance.

Beautiful restaurant with seating right in front of the Bellagio Fountains.
Amazing service that definitely Michelin Star worthy (do they still have those in Vegas).
My favorite coarse was the lobster salad, tasted very fresh with big chunks of lobster.
Surprisingly I liked it more than the seared foie.
I had high hopes for the foie since you can't get it in California and someone had told me they liked it better than the foie they had in France.
It was good (is foie ever bad?
), but  my favorite preparation is still Gary Danko's.
All of the other dishes were solid, in fact I can't think of any that I didn't like.
The service was superb, very attentive.
As were were walking to our seats, nearly ever waiter we passed welcomed us to the restaurant.
Great evening, definitely made the night special!

Tourist trap?
Maybe, maybe not.
I always feel like a tourist when I go on the strip, despite being a local.
Coming to Picasso's makes me want to stay in the restaurant forever and never leave.
Combining food with art is such a brilliant idea- why didn't I think of this myself?!
I would tell you what we ate but I have this strange feeling that the menu will completely change once you get there (another completely brilliant business plan).
The most important points to take note of are the following:  1) Make a reservation- weeks in advance if you want to come during a holiday.
2) Make sure you're not nearing your credit limit.
This place will do no favors to your wallet.
3)  The portions are 'made to taste'.
If you want a truly hearty meal, go to the in-and-out across the street.
4) Business casual!!!
Girl with the cutoff jeans- not cool!
5) Spare a couple of minutes to take in the art.
It's not everyday you get to eat with works of Picasso all around you!

One of a kind dining experience at a 2-star Michelin restaurant, but will cost you a fortune.
Basic tasting menu was $125 pp and truffle tasting menu was roughly double that.
Each course was excellent, unique and delicious, decor was upscale, with a lovely view of the Bellagio fountain, but be prepared to spend.

Very disappointed.
My son and I went to the MMA fights last weekend in Vegas.
On friday 2/21/14 we decided to see some shows and  treat ourseleves to fine dining, and ultimately chose Picasso.
We purchased the 4 course meal for $135.
My meal consisted of 4 oysters the size of pennies 3 shrimp the size of quarters and 2 pieces of deer meat the size of 2 twixs (candy bar).
I filled up on bread!
I know in french restaurants portions are small, but!!
My complaint  - my son's meal and the female manager response to him returning his swordfish 3 times.
The first time he returned the swordfish it was overcooked, the second it was raw and the third it was a tough unediable cut.
We cook swordfish all the time at home it is a difficult fish to cook because of its firmness, so sometimes you need to cut and check the underside to see if cooked.
The manager treated us as if  we had never eaten swordfish before and had a condescending attitude.
She then asked what else he may want on the menu.
My son then ordered the pigeon and the manager asked "well how do you want it" in the same condescending tone, she was nasty, I, in frustration said "juicyeeeeeeeeeeeeee".
We should of canceled his meal but we had 2 shows back to back and he needed to eat.
We were so uncomfortable and insulted by your manger.
I worked as a waiter for 9 years and have owned a tanning salons for 29 I know customer service, and none was given to us.

Probably one of the best restaurants I've ever been to!
I loved every dish they had, from the seared foie to the lobster salad to even their amuse bouche!
Everything was perfect, and everything was delicious!
I feel that it's hard to find a restaurant where EVERY dish is good, but this place seems to have done just that.
Wine pairings were pretty great as well, and definitely enhanced each course.
The ambience is gorgeous, with authentic Picasso artwork adorning the walls, and a view of the Bellagio fountains right in front.
Service was top-notch, as well.
I definitely want to come back again.... but next time, I gotta make sure I don't lose my $$$ at the casinos afterwards lol.

Elegant, classy and romantic ambience, service was impeccable, and drinks were delicious.
We had the pre-fixed menu which consisted of Poached Oysters, Warm Quail Salad, Fois Gras, Roasted Main Lobster, and Sauteed New Zealand Tai Snapper.
As always, the Fois Gras was smooth & savory and the highlight of the evening.
While everything was delicious and amazing and we would recommend others to dine here, nothing was a stand out dish that's particularly memorable.
I don't think we will be back for a while because there are other restaurants in Vegas we want to try.
We still recommend you try this at least once!

I was very impressed with this establishment.
Like nothing I'd ever had.
Blown away is all I can say.

I've been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally gotten the chance to do so recently.
My expectation for fine dining has been elevated once more!
The food was delicious and the service was impeccable.
I really enjoyed my experience here.
I went with their pre-fixed menu with wine pairing and was delighted with an awesome experience!
Here are the dishes I've tried:  - Maine Lobster Salad.
Apple-champagne vinaigrette.
Wine pairing: 2009 Koehler-Ruprecht, Riesling Spatlese trocken, Kallstadter Saumagen, Pfalz, Germany pairing.
(Very good salad.
Loved the vinaigrette and the balanced flavor between lobster and salad.
)  - Pan Seared U-10 Day Boat Scallop.
Potato Mousseline and Jus de Veau.
Wine pairing: 2011 Domaines Schlumberger, Pinot Gris, Les Princess Abbes, Alsace, France pairing.
(Love the potato, silky smooth and the scallop was cooked to perfection)  -Sauteed Steak of "A" Foie Gras.
Poached Figs, Pistachios and Arugula.
Wine pairing: 2003 Clarence Dillon Wines, Clarendelle, Amberwine, Monbazillac, South France pairing.
(This is best Foie Gras I've ever tried.
So creamy, silky, and delicious!
)  - Roasted Tournedo Loin of Coloardo Lamb.
Pisto, Mint Aioli and Tempura Zucchini Flower.
Wine pairing: 2007 Vina Pedrosa, Reserva, La Navilla, Bodegas Preze Pascuas, Ribera Del Duero, Spain pairing.
(Very well put together.
My expectation for fine lamb has been elevated!
)  - Poached pears with ginger ice cream and custard.
- Mango sorbet with mystery tart.
Very good as well.
Overall, outstanding food and service all around.
A must try place for Vegas goers.
Btw, they take your feedback very seriously.
We left a nice note for the service team on a job well done.
The restaurant manager actually emailed us back and thanked us for the feedback.
She even ensured the service team got recognized for their great service.
This is the golden standard of customer service!

Lovely meal and atmosphere.
Excellent service and, overall, very good food.
The vegetarian menu was quiet good, although not as filling as one might hope.
A great option for an evening out.

My favorite restaurant at the bellagio.
The service is excellent and the menu hasn't changed in years.
I would recommend the poached oysters even if you're not an oyster fan.

Really enjoyed our dinner here, every meal I had afterwards was hard-pressed not to disappoint.
I had the degustation menu ($125): potato-leek soup and pheasant amouse bouche, lobster salad, scallop, foie gras, halibut, and mango sorbet.
My wife had the prix fixe ($115): quail salad, foie gras, fallow deer.
My in-laws had the degustation with the lamb.
We all did the wine pairings ($65/$55).
My favorites were the quail, the pistachio foie gras, the scallop, and the deer.
If I were to return, I would instead sacrifice the scallop and do the prix fixe, ordering what my wife did.
The wine pairings were great, definitely helped make the meal.
Great service, and hard to complain about dining in a Picasso gallery with the Bellagio fountains outside.
One other delightful moment came right as we arrived.
My wife sat down and thought, I need a purse hanger.
Two seconds later, our waiter handed her a purse hanger.
:)  All told, the bill with tip for the four of us was $1050.
We didn't order any other drinks, but it was also fun to just peruse the enormous awesome wine list.

The restaurant is beautiful along with the original Picasso art.
The view of the Bellagio fountains provides wonderful scenery.
The service was impeccable.
Well timed, professional but still personal.
Food was gorgeous and tasty.
I'd probably give the food a 4.5 instead of 5.
And yes.
It is expensive.
I enjoyed my time and felt it was worth the dollars.

Ambience: 5 Food: 4.5 Service: 5 Price: 4 Overall: 4.625  Came here at my woman's request and you know that needs to be followed.
Only two prix fixe meals here.
I had one and the woman had the other.
I had the titled Prix Fixe Menu and she had the titled Degustation Menu.
For my meal, I had the quail salad which was excellent, the black bass which was AMAZING, and the veal chop that was superb.
The woman had the Maine lobster salad and pan seared scallop which were both just okay to me, the foie gras with pistachios was THE BEST, and the lamb which was a little bit better than okay.
Other than the foie gras with pistachios, I thought my cheaper prix fixe menu was better.
If I was just rating my meal, Food would be a 5.
I gave a 4 to price because, in my opinion, I just don't think the 2 meals were worth the price.
Would I come back?
Definitely, if someone else is paying.
If I was paying, probably.

Holy smokes...
This restaurant blew my mind in what flavors it delivered I was astonished at how savory the good was; being a shmancy place at first sight, I nonchalantly judged this place as a bland flavor of a restaurant... Wow, to my surprise the chef came out & offered us a spectacle if tastings.
Including a flavorsome trio of new plates that he was introducing...  By far the best Vegas cuisine experience that I have had.

I had a wonderful experience here while in Vegas.
As other reviews note, the service is excellent.
We had a table right outside over looking the fountain.
It was 80 degrees that night and so lovely to be outside and watch the fountains dance to the music.
We opted for the prix fixe menu.
Started with the oysters then had langostines and finally tai snapper and dessert.
The cheesecake on the dessert menu is phenomenal.
What I loved about this whole experience is that it wasn't stuffy.
It was relaxed and extremely professional.

I've really been looking forward to writing this review.
Let me start by mentioning that I'm beginning to becoming a patron of Michelin rated restaurants.
Not that I've been to a lot, but I've been to the French Laundry, Michael Mina, and now Picasso.
For overall experience, both ambiance and culinary, I think the Picasso is my top pick.
Let's be clear here too, all three of the aforementioned venues are a drastic cut above the hundreds of other random other places I've been.
The food at the Picasso is only slightly less Earth shattering than the French Laundry - and at a considerably more palatable price.
Each bite is an experience worth remembering, and the fogra was even better than FL; seared to an amazing perfection.
The service was exactly what you would expect from a Michelin rated venue.
Calling the staff knowledgeable and attentive would be a disservice.
The servers are a necessary component of the experience.
Here's where Picasso stands out.
The ambiance, especially on the outdoor balcony, is breath taking.
I mean truly.
There you are, dressed to perfection (as much as possible), eating the most delicious food your mouth has enjoyed, and sitting behind the Bellagio fountains in that dry desert air; Frank Sinatra playing in the background, and surrounded by over $100 million in beautiful art.
It's impossible to describe but I promise you all, it's one of - if not the most- enjoyable experience I've had.
Save your money, and treat yourself to a life encounter that you (and I) don't deserve  :)

Oh my oh my oh my!
Absolutely a DELIGHT!
My boyfriend and I set up reservations earlier in the week to dine at Picasso for our weekend Vegas trip.
We saw The Beatles Love Show (Cirque du Soleil) and then headed over to the Bellagio to dine at this fantastic establishment.
The food was out of this world amazing.
I am so impressed at how attentive the waitstaff was and how delicious our meals were.
We ended up having one of the best dinners of our relationship there, we felt so relaxed and happy in the moment.
I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who appreciates fine dining.
Cheers!

This place deserves all the stars in the 5 stars that I'm giving it!
We went there last night to celebrate our wedding anniversary.
We sat in the balcony and watch the fountain show as we enjoyed our elegant dinner.
I ordered the five course chef suggested dinner and my wife ordered the prix fix and we both were extremely satisfied with our dinners.
We got to experience the five star dining experience and try the food that you don't see in other restaurants.
Our favorite was the chocolate and banana deserts which was out if this world!
Highly suggest it if you are looking for a memorable dinner experience.

After scouring the various options before going out to Vegas, my fiancee and I decided to settle on Picasso after looking online at the menu.
What is not necessarily apparent right off is that you have to request sitting outside on the patio if the weather is nice enough for it.
You get a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains - but from the other side of the tourists - which give it an even better backdrop with the replica Eiffel Tower, the 'Paris' balloon, and the modernist Cosmopolitan/Aria buildings.
I was shocked that the restaurant was pretty empty when we came for our 6:30 PM reservation on Friday evening (and it wasn't appreciably more crowded when we left)...but the setting is in a class by itself when you are outside.
Maybe you don't appreciate having your conversations stopped every 15 minutes, but it was a fantastic setting for dinner.
Our servers were prompt with service, pouring water and serving the dishes in a well-timed fashion.
One of my concerns when looking at the menu was that there weren't many options to choose from for dinner.
I went with the prix fixe as a result, as I felt that afforded me more options (as my fiancee did the Degustation).
Starting out with poached oysters was a great choice - it's four oysters, in the half-shell, presented with generous amounts of caviar and vermouth-infused broth.
I'm not sure it's quite the equivalent of how Per Se treats oysters and caviar as a pairing, but it was so delicious - the sumptuousness of the oyster paired with the rich broth and the bursts of saltiness from the caviar - and the presentation in the half-shell was very unique.
My fiancee's lobster salad was also very good.
It's presented much more as a tartare with a light dash of flavoring, really allowing you to take in the deliciousness of the lobster, which tasted as fresh as if it had been caught that morning in the ocean.
We both had delicious foie gras, albeit presented in different ways.
The torchon was really well-done, presented with a toasted piece of brioche (although thinner than I would have thought) with caramalized pineapples and a dash of fruit (I want to say it was cherry) sauce.
I really like the intensity of fruit with the torchon, so I wish there was more of the cherry, but the pineapples worked as a nice contrast to the richness of the foie as well.
My fiancee's foie came out in seared fashion - it really does look like a steak, given how much is served - with an intense rhubard that really worked well with the bursts of juiciness that come with each bite.
Her other appetizer (the scallops) were also delicious with regards to preparation.
For the entree, we both went with red meats - I with the milk-fed veal chop, she with the lamb loin.
Both were cooked to perfection; I really liked the veal served with au jus, which magnified the succulent flavors of the meat.
To be honest, I forget the desserts offhand (my memory ain't what it used to be, but they were both delicious), and the chocolate chip mini-muffins given as a bite for the next morning were so freakin' good.
I'd come back here in a heartbeat - not only for the view, but the food here is really good.
Given that I'm sure most of the food is sourced from somewhere other than Las Vegas (I can't imagine there are many farms in the desert), I can understand the relative consistency of the menu.
But everything is so well-executed that I wouldn't mind coming back and having virtually the same meal again.
For the price ($115-125, depending on which menu you eat), it is a relative bargain compared to some spots in NYC, and their cocktails and wine selection hold up to snuff as well.
I would've been surprised ahead of time to hear that they have 2 Michelin Stars, but after eating here, I fully understand why.

After reading about Picasso, I was super excited to book this place for my bf's birthday & our two year anniversary while visiting Las Vegas.
I've been to many high end restaurants including many with michelin stars and was hoping for the best service & food here.
Upon arrival we were greeted and seated outdoors so we can view the water show while having dinner.
It was romantic, but it was so cold and they did not have gas/oil to turn on the outdoor lamps.
When asked, they just said they couldn't turn them on since they were out of fuel.
I was disappointed because I wore a nice dress here and wanted to enjoy the view while having a nice meal.
Minus 1 star!
Based on the menu, I was hoping for declious dishes!
My boyfriend & I ordered a variety of dishes, but the food wasn't consistent.
Some came out cold, others warm.
The warm dishes were tasty, but food left out cold, just doesn't taste well after a period of time.
I remember the scallop being cold and chewy.
Minus 1 more star!
I give this place 3 stars because their food wasn't all bad, the drinks were good, and the service was okay.
For the amount we paid for our meal, we could've had a better meal.
I probably will not come back here.

This reveiw is from Christmas 2012.
I came here with daughter, son in law and my dad and stepmom.
My Dad and stepmom are not gourmet food lovers at all.
My Dad is only happy with steak and baked potato but they were willing to try all the places we had scheduled for this Christmas trip.
We had reservations at Gordon Ramsey steak, Le Cirque, Cut, Picasso,  la l'atelier de Joel Robouchon, and Carnevino.
My daughter is a huge foodie and I enjoy the experience of the food and the atmosphere.
We all had the tasting menu and I wish I could remember everything but I do remember liking everything.
The room was beautiful of course with Picasso's on the wall how could it not be.
Service was great.

I enjoyed the Foie Gras and Wagyu steak.
5 course meal, delish.Very expensive meal but it's worth it.

Just a wonderful meal.
Everything was fantastic.
The broth on the scallop dish was divine.

This restaurant is not just a place to have dinner.
They truly make it an experience.
I decided to have dinner here right before my wedding, and I know I made the right choice.
They sat us near the fountain knowing it was a special night for us.
When I told our waiter that I was an art enthusiast and loved Picasso, he encouraged me to walk around to view the many real works of the artist that are displayed around the restaurant.
They are a must see for any art fan-- I was blown away by the rarity and variety of works they have.
We opted for the De Gustation menu which was a great choice.
We had a six course dinner, with my main dish being halibut and my husbands, lamb.
Everything from the first bite to the last was visually stunning and delicious.
The scallops were so melt in your mouth delicious-- I could eat them every day for the rest of my life and never tire of them.
The chef wrote Congratulations on our dessert plates and gave us additional truffles and cookies as a thank you for having our wedding dinner there.
The wine selection was mind blowing.
They also have an extensive whiskey and scotch collection which pleased my husband very much.
The icing on this cake was that they converted the flowers my husband had delivered to our table into my wedding bouquet at my request, completely unprepared and never doing that for a customer before.
When I tell you they go above and beyond-- I mean it.
This is the most luxurious and elaborate place I have ever had the pleasure of dining in.
The bill was over $500, but the experience is one I will live with forever and I will most definitely be back again for our anniversary.
100% worth it.

The food here was great and I have nothing to complain about.
However, it didn't blow my mind like the tasting menu at Guy Savoy in Paris did (my best French food experience so far).
Every course was great, but nothing really stood out to me.
The ambience is excellent and on a day where it's not so hot (I went in April) sitting outside by the fountains is an AMAZING experience.
It does get a rather noisy while the water show is going on, but you get front row seats and a great view.
Would I go back again?
Absolutely.
But there's a lot of other places I'd like to try first.

From initial seating to departure this was a flawless dining experience.
The food came out at a rate that neither overwhelmed nor left you with a lull.
We were greeted by both a view of Picasso's works and the Bellagio fountain.
The restaurant is built in such a way that you do not hear how loud the fountain is.
The food certainly was on an elite level compared to your standard restaurant, but be aware you'll pay for the added quality.
Gentlemen can be found wearing polos to full suit and tie.
I'd recommend at least a nice button up and slacks.
Also, they do not discriminate against solo diners.
Certainly worth seeking out.

I ate at Picasso's in 2010 for my boyfriend's parents 50th wedding anniversary.
Surrounded by Picasso's beautiful works of art, eating decadent cuisine inspired by the regions of France and Spain where Pablo Picasso spent much of his life, how could it get any better than that?
In my opinion it simply can't!
The staff was very attentive, friendly and professional.
We all had the prix fixe with the wine pairing.
Every course was delicious and complemented perfectly by the wine.
It was divine!!

Nothing can describe how good this restaurant can get.
Right in front of the Bellagio  fountain, with the most amazing view and best food.
I had deer meat and my boyfriend had lobster.
Both were fantastic!!!
Every bite was heavenly.
After that, we took a short walk in the restaurant with the numerous Picasso paintings.
The service was also excellent, they were attentive and courteous.
This restaurant experience was definitely the highlight of my spring break 2014 trip to Vegas.
I will definitely be coming back again when I visit Vegas.
One of a life time experience indeed.
Best view+ best view+best service=a moment to live in.

Totally deserve the two stars from Michelin !
Food were great and even look great.
Just like they said, if the environment could be less crowded, it will get its third star!
Strong recommended!

Hubby and I had the pre fixe 3 course theatre show menu.
I had the warm quail salad, asparagus with truffle mushrooms, and tai fish.
Everything was cooked and executed well, but I didn't find anything special about the courses.
The asparagus  with truffle mushrooms was quit bland visually and taste wise.
Hubby had the wine pairing with the dinner and didn't find anything wine that exceptionally enhanced the meal.
The highlight of the meal was actually the desserts.
They have a fantastic pastry chef (Matthew Fleisher).
I had the Meyer Lemon Trio and hubby had brioche that had an amazing candied nut with cherry.
All the desserts had a good balance of taste and texture.
The desserts would be the reason to go back.

From start to finish, our experience was perfect.
For a very upscale restaurant, nothing felt pretentious.
The warm quail salad was delicious and I'd highly recommend.
The view of the fountains is incredible when you are seated on the patio and even in June, the heat was pleasant.
Attire can be dressy or business casual.
Dessert was to die for, they even brought us chocolate treats as an extra.
While we were walking out, they gave us boxes of muffins to enjoy for breakfast.
We will be back for sure!

Our evening at Picasso was terrific.
The staff was so nice and accommodating.
We had our dinner along with the wine pairing which was also done perfectly.
Food: Perfect.
Service: Perfect.
Atmosphere: Perfect.
We had a perfect evening.
Thank you!

OHHH MYYY...
I will be dreaming about this dining experience for days...   My boyfriend and I sat on the patio which is right on the fountain.
Beautiful view day or night.
We happened to be there for dinner.
The waiter was friendly, funny, and provided good conversation.
The fountain goes off every 30 minutes and there is a different show each time.
Very romantic setting with the fountain, music and the restaurant atmosphere.
Do bring a jacket if you are coming in the evening, it got pretty cold since it was windy.
Now for the good part.
They had a set menu with either a 5 course meal for $125 or a 4 course meal for $115.
They also had a wine pairing with the 5 course meal for additional cost but we didn't do that.
For new guests, they gave us a complimentary appetizer of potato soup with a coquette.
First course is the lobster salad.
It tastes really fresh and rejuvenating, I've never had that feeling from eating anything.
Second was a seared scallop with mashed potato.
The scallop was amazing.
It was perfectly crispy on the outside and soft inside.
The crunchiness of the chip and the soft scallop and potato made an interesting texture combo too.
Third was the foie gras.
I did not know it was a duck organ.
We were looking at the ducks that were begging for food and our waiter comes over and asks which foie gras I would like to have.
I've never had foie gras before, but it was the first time food literally melted in my mouth.
I did not know it was liver until later.
I did feel bad that the duck is force fed until they get fat, but it was so delicious.
For the fourth dish, I selected the roasted lamb while my boyfriend chose the halibut with asparagus.
I should have gotten the lamb more rare, I chose medium, so it was a bit tough.
The halibut was really good as well.
While waiting for dessert, they brought out a small dessert pastry tray.
I was already really full and we were running late for a show, so we unfortunately didn't finish the dessert.
My boyfriend had the earl grey cheesecake with blackberry, really great.
Sweet but not too sweet.
I had the warm chocolate fondant which has banana brulee and banana caramel ice cream.
The chocolate fondant was really good and the chocolate was made on the spot, but it was too sweet for my taste even though I really enjoyed it.
Overall, best restaurant experience I've ever had.
They excelled in every possible way.
Definitely can see why it has 2 Michelin Stars.
I wish I could try every single item on their menu.
While writing this review I looked through their menu for the dish names and now I'm just craving...Guess I need to plan another trip to Vegas soon!

I have had many experiences in my life, but Jose Serrano's food at Picasso was one of the truly memorable nights I had in my life.
I was there with my partner and celebrating 7 years of being together made it all more special at this place.
The service from beggining to end was spotless.
The ambience is perfect, the real Picassos around you set the scene.
You are in a museum, you are in a restaurant, food is art.
Which brings us to Jos Serrano's Truffle Menu with Wine Pairing.
It is really hard to describe all the flavours i discovered that night.
Each bite was exquisite, from the Egg Poll, through the risotto, ravioli butternut squash and filet mignon, the truffles are always present.
If you live to go somewhere do not miss Picasso one of my most exhilarating gastronomical experiences.

One of the best meals I've ever had in my life!
This place truly provides a unique culinary experience, while also serving as a small museum displaying multi million dollar Picasso originals.
The decor is elegant and expensive feeling, and the restaurant is located right in front of the bellagio water fountain show (you really can't get a better view).
We did the pre fix menu, a 5 course delight!
The staff was extremely professional and explained every detail of each dish.
Each and every course came out as the chefs work of art...I really didn't want to eat it it was so beautiful!
The highlight of the night was my choice of deer medallions with caramelized apples and beans with a wine reduction.
With the fabulous glass of wine it was paired with, out of this world!!
Really a luxurious experience you won't get anywhere else.
If you have the funds to splurge, DO IT!
Highly recommended!

My first Michelin-starred restaurant experience, and it did not disappoint!
Picasso is tucked inside the Bellagio Hotel.
The entrance to the restaurant will require you to take a flight of stairs down, making it seemingly exclusive - and rightfully so.
It's a great spot to celebrate a special occasion or if you just have that much money lying around for a casual dinner.
The food, service, and atmosphere here is commendable.
Aside from the carefully-selected dishes offered, you have the opportunity to dine in a room full of original Picasso paintings.
It's amore!

Way over priced for the quality and taste of the food.
I'm happy to pay a lot of money for any exceptional meal but our anniversary dinner was mediocre at best.
The service was so-so too.
Luckily we were able to sit were we could watch the Bellagio fountains.

Had the set meals with my wife at Picasso.
Outdoor seating was in another class in itself.
I've been to Vegas 30+ times and Picasso is on top of the list.
I made my reservation at 8 pm during 4th of July and weather was fine for outdoor.
Fountain show is every 15 minutes.

With all of the restaurants to pick from in Las Vegas, we used the Yelp reviews to pick Picasso.
We decided to sit outside since we had reservations on 7/4, just a little before the different hotels had their fireworks.
The service was excellent, we had a great view of the Bellagio's fountain display, and did get to hear some of the fireworks.
Around the time the fireworks were going to start on the side we could actually see, Mother Nature decided it wasn't meant to be.
The rain started and we were then moved inside.
All went quite smoothly considering.
The food was also excellent and we had a wonderful experience.
We felt the bill matched the service and food.
I would highly recommend it for any occasion.

Awesome!
Went there for a belated anniversary dinner with my husband since we were staying at Bellagio for a conference.
Everything was great- service, food, decor..all of it.
This is where I fell in love with foie gras.
Would definitely go back again if given the opportunity.

