If you're looking for something a little more sophisticated than the Olive Garden (or O.G.
as my best friend and I like to call it!
), head out to Cafe Boa for the best Italian food Arizona has to offer.
The cafe and wine bar has a variety of delcious pastas on the menu ( I love the Tortellini Brigantino).
They also offer a variety of martinis (my favorite is the pomegranate martini).
And their illuminated patio makes for a romantic setting for those date nights.

Cafe Boa is more sophisticated than other restaurants in the area and the patio is a welcoming oasis at lunch or dinner.
Unfortunately, they consistently serve stale bread at lunch and numerous times (more often than not) the veggies and pasta I've ordered have been overcooked and soggy.
It's a great neigborhood place to go, especially if you want a little more class than the usual chain restaurant, but the food is definitely not gourmet.

I enjoyed Cafe Boa Awatukee.
I came here with a client for lunch and it was a great atmosphere for conversation and food.
The servings are pretty large which I think is great b/c who doesn't like left overs?
(well some people don't but  I don't know you and I bet we wouldn't get along if  I did)  The atmosphere is really simple, airy and enjoyable.
It is in a strip mall with a Gold's gym so it might seem odd that such a great place is hidden in here but it is refreshing.
I had a fabulous caprese salad.

Nice local place but needs some attention to details.
Nice small bar, but the plasma TV has a line burned right through the middle of it.
Owner is a nice guy; food is ok but.....they need to improve on a few things - why does nearly every dish have a 'cream' sauce????
Bread is like store bought italian - not good at all.
They really need to vacuum the curtains and fixtures - if you look up, you'll see more dust accumulated than I've ever seen at a restaurant.
Food is pretty good but not great.
Not good for parties of more than 4-5, just not enough room to comforably seat more than that and still enjoy your meal.
Could be 4 stars with a bit more attention to the details.

All I can say is that I wish this place was better.
I feel I should try something else on the menu because although my main entree looked appetizing it did not have any flavor at all.
I actually got a appetizer for my main entree which was the crostini with a topping picked by the chef each day... today it was a medley of marinated veggies similar looking to a tapenade.
It just had no flavor.
I did get their sonoma salad (small) and it was very tasty.
It had figs, goat cheese, croutons, tomato and a vinaigrette dressing.
Another reason for the mid range score was service... this is lunch time people and I am kind of in a hurry.
There was only one server and what seemed like the manager helping out... not enough people to handle a lunch rush.

I just don't get this place.
I know some people like it.....and I've given it more than 1 try.....but it's pretty simple -- the food is not that good.
Specifically, the pasta is cooked with a LOT of butter.....and cream sauces, which makes the meal fatty and filling.
In addition, the service is just not good.
We waited.....and waited.
We split a meal and they charged us to do it.
I don't recommend this place....and I won't be going back.

I actually ate here a few weeks ago with my manager for dinner.
First time here and it was delicious.
The portions were huge and the price was right.
I believe we had the brushetta for appetizers but can't remember what I had for dinner.
I do remember that I had the Butter Cake for dessert and that was YUMMY!
Yes, it probably was made out of a whole lotta butter, but it was delicious.
My manager was here the night before and some of our co-workers come here every time they come into town.
I thought it was a great atmosphere with people and ate some great food.

Cafe Boa has a delicious collection of dishes, some with strong or spicy flavors, others more finely tuned and nuanced.
I was struck by how extremely fresh their cheeses and other ingredients were.
It is a perfect atmosphere for romantic dinners or lunches with friends  I always get the Shrimp Adriatica before my meal.
One odd note:  their menu recently removed the titles of items, which increases the difficulty in ordering somewhat.
I knew some of the names of things, as did our waiter, but when I ordered by reciting the description of my selection both he and I kind of rolled our eyes at the ridiculousness of the situation.
Also, if you're there on a Friday or Saturday night, and you elect to sit on the patio, know that at 9pm the nightclub upstairs and across the parking lot will begin to blast you with music.
It probably wouldn't be so bad except that the music Cafe Boa plays is quite noticeably good.

I think my Husband and I came at a bad time for our first visit...We went on a Friday night, when it was packed and there was some big dinner party out on the patio.
Being that it was packed on the inside we were kind of left sitting in the corner of the patio with the dinner party.
So it was a little a distracting.
I think the restaurant, what little I saw of it, is nice.
It's a nice little romantic place, with low lights, and live music.
I did see kids there, though, so it can be a good for families, too.
The wait staff was very friendly.
Our waitress was very knowledgeable of the menu, which was helpful as it was our first time there.
The food, then, was really excellent.
I had the tortellini brigantino which was very tasty.
There was also a nice helping of it so there was plenty to take home and I felt I was getting my money's worth.
In general, it's not a bad place and I certainly can see why people enjoy it, but it just might be awhile before we visit again.

My husband (Tim H.) and I stopped here on our way home from Valentine's Day dinner at Roka Akor for a little dessert.
We sat at the bar and while I enjoyed a cappuccino and ordered the tiramisu (one of my favorites) he ordered a port and asked about the butter cake.
The bartender (we were seated at the bar) said it was one of their most popular desserts.
That still doesn't say if it's good or not but he took a leaf of faith and ordered it.
My tiramisu was very average.
Trader Joe's frozen tiramisu is much better but the butter cake was so good!
The outside edge was chewy and they inside was gooey.
I could go back again and again for it.
(I've looked up recipes for it and they all use yellow cake mix.
Strange.
) I've had some food there and it's hit or miss but that's another story for another time.
They've redeemed themselves with their butter cake.
Even if you're not a dessert person, you really have to try it when you go there.

A girl friend and I headed here before our trip to shop for a wedding dress - I needed the half bottle of wine we ordered!
Was there a happy hour menu?
Happy hour prices?
We didn't ask, but didn't see anything advertised either.
We shared the plate of cheeses, bread, fruit, etc., and it was pretty tasty.
Loved the dried figs.
We also each ordered the greek (Uro?
Oro?
) salad, and agreed on the deliciousness of it.
I would definitely order that again.
Service was a little on the slow side, but we were chatting so much that it was no biggie.
I would love to return and try a few more menu items!

Still sitting on the fence on this place, BUT the owner sent me a Yelp message and encouraged me to stop by and then do an update on my original review.
Kudos to him for reading Yelp reviews and listening to customers...we'll see what happens on my next visit.
But I give him credit for being involved and listening to yelpers.

Caffe Boa in Ahwatukee is one of the best Italian restaurants in Phoenix and it is surprisingly inexpensive.
All of their pasta dishes are excellent and so are the appetizers.
They also have an great wine list including a very affordable house wine.
Their specialty cocktails are very good as well - my favorite is the strawberry basil martini.
It is the perfect place for a romantic date or fun night out with girlfriends.
Extremely enjoyable patio dining when it is not too hot.

Went to Caffe Boa last friday before a movie, the food was pretty good but I wasn't impressed.
I know Fridays are busy at any restaurant, but  the wait staff was extremely slow.
We didn't have to wait for a seat when we arrived, but we were sat at a table that was sticky and filthy.
Drinks took much longer than they should have, and we were not very impressed.
The food was very good but other than that, this place wouldn't be our first choice for dinner.

I live in the local community and love Boa.
First & foremost, Scott the owner is there most nights and creates an inviting and connected space for his patrons.
The knowledgeable staff  are good looking, friendly and always anticipating our needs.
The outside patio is lovely with the ambient lights and live music.
The bar has been remodeled as of recent and the new chef is fabulous!
I highly recommend this restaurant for food, drinks, wine list and local residents.

The only thing I miss about living in Phoenix is that I can no longer frequent Caffe Boa.
You just can't go wrong here.
The food is outstanding.
Don't let the strip mall fool you.
This place is a gem.

Long-time fans of the Mill Ave location...we finally made it out to the original (I think this was the original, anyways).
Overall, pretty darn good.
The food is on par with the tempe location.
The pastas were delicious - I really liked the Boa Bowtie pasta.
Wines were solid and complimented the meal nicely.
As with the Tempe location, the best part for us is always the Shrimp Adriatica appetizer.
We could just eat a big bowl of that with bread.
The sauce is amazing, the shrimp is well cooked.
The only downside was that it was just regular french bread (or similar) - the tempe location has the fancier, tastier varieties of fresh baked bread.
But the quality of shrimp and sauce was the same.
Service was slow at first (we went late on a Sat night as they were slowing down), but was friendly, made great recommendations and were very helpful overall.
By the end of the meal, I had forgotten about the slow start.
Think we just walked in at an awkward time, which as I said, they really made up for by the end of the meal.
Also, the warm butter cake was decadent.
Maybe not as good as Mastro's butter cake, but it's on the way there.
Really tasty, very fresh.
I could have used some fresh whipped cream or a little vanilla ice cream to go with it, but that's a personal thing.
On a side note - the Zinfandel they are currently offering (think it was like $6-7/glass) is fantastic.
I was impressed at the quality compared to the price.
We'll definitely be back.

A lovely little spot for a glass of wine, a nosh or a relazing dinner.
This little Ahwatukee spot has a great chef, with a dazzling palate.
The specials are always very nice.
The staff is knowledgable about the wine they serve, the food and preparation methods used by the chef, which is nice to hear when making and selection.
And though I'm not always a big fan of asking a multitude of questons before making a selection, it is nice to know the knowledge is there if I asked.
I've always been treated well by the staff and get the impression they know their restaurant well.
The wine selection is lovely but I would like to see a few more wines by the glass and more in the range of $7-8 rather than $9-10 on a more consistent basis.
They do usually have a nice price for a bottle though and the entrees servings are very generous.
A delightful spot to while away some time and relax with a great wine.Overall, it reminds me a bit of a european bistro, a nice neighborhood restaurant where the staff knows its' patrons well and creates lovely meals.

This is the perfect place to enjoy a glass of wine (or a bottle) on the patio.
I can't think of another place I would rather be in Ahwatukee on a nice night.
The atmosphere is so relaxing.
The food is wonderful.
I highly recommend the specials of the day.
All of the fish is flown in daily and cooked to perfection!
The wine list is very extensive and fairly priced.
The butter cake dessert will change your life.
If you are in the area, you must stop by!

My boyfriend took me to Caffe Boa for my birthday last night.
We'd been meaning to go for a while, and I'm glad we finally went.
We showed up around 7-7:30 on a Tuesday night, and the indoor dining room is a bit small so we had to wait for a few minutes.
The patio outside looks much larger, with pretty lights and foliage, and some heaters for the chilly weather.
Our server brought out some french bread with a tasty dip/spread that I later found out to be aioli, which was topped with cracked black pepper and parmesan cheese.
Soooo tasty!
A unique alternative to so many places that serve their bread with oil/vinegar.
We each started with the House Dinner Salad which was maybe the best simple salad I've ever had.
Fresh greens, grape tomatoes, thin spears of cucumber and celery, shaved ribbons of carrot, and some other veggies I can't quite recall.
The vinaigrette dressing was amazing as well.
I ordered the Tortellini Brigantino.
Very fresh tasting, wonderfully prepared broccoli which was not overcooked in the slightest.
Fresh green peas and a very rich cream sauce, with fresh pepper and cheese as well.
My boyfriend got the Kobe Burger special.
It was very tender with great flavor, though a little greasy, he felt.
Also maybe a bit heavy handed with the blue cheese.
It was served with thin, crispy fries.
We wanted to share their butter cake for dessert but I was told that the adjoining table had gotten the last piece!
Oh, sad day :( We settled on the homemade cannoli, which was still very good.
I don't know if the cannoli shells are made in-house, but they were sweeter and more cinnamon-y than most I've had elsewhere.
I would like to come back so I can try the butter cake, as well as some of the other tasty-sounding menu items.

Went to Caffe Boa last night for dessert with some friends.
This was our first time at this restaurant and the 1st impression was great.
Very quaint little Italian cafe with nice ambiance.
The service was less than impressive.
When we said we were just having drink & dessert to our waiter, he gave us an annoyed look & a very drawn out 'ohhhkay'.
It was 5 min until we got water then another 5 before we got the drinks we ordered.
Our order was taken shortly after the drinks arrived, which was fine.
About 15 min later, our waiter comes back to tell us he forgot what we ordered & wanted to make sure he had it right.
We re-ordered and 20 min later we had our desserts.
The quality of the food we had was very good.
The creme brulee was very well prepared.
The cannoli was large and in charge, stuffed with yummy filling.
The wild berry sorbet was superb & refreshing.
The dark choclate brownie w/ ice cream was SUPER rich & more resembled dark chocolate fudge.
A+ for the food & atmosphere, but a solid D for the service.

I went here a few nights ago for a work Christmas dinner.
It was my first time and most likely my last.
Everything was just OK.   Our waiter was an older man who acted like he had better things to do all night.
Each time he came to the table I always said thank you and he never acknowledged me saying it to him once.
The place was PACKED FULL.
Like so full that they came to our table and asked if they could take our extra chair (that we had all our purses and presents piled onto).
It was also extremely loud in there, you have to lean in to hear what your fellow dining companions are saying to you.
The food was alright.
I ordered the Voodoo pasta.
It sounded like it might have a kick to it.
It was very bland and lack luster.
Afterward we got dessert.
I ordered a brownie.
It did not taste like it was fresh baked or even made there.
The ice cream they paired it with tasted store bought as well.
It was a pretty average place, and not worth the prices they charge there.

It's a favorite of mine, my family and many of my friends.
In all the years I've been going here I've yet to have a bad experience.
Service has always been great and the food, oh the food :) It's one of the few places where I have a hard time deciding what to eat, every dish I've ordered has been great so while I stick with the usual at other places, at Caffe Boa I'm always excited to try something else.
If I had to choose a favorite dish or something to recommend to newcomers, it's the pasta dishes, now which one is up to you!

Great little find.
Inside and outside dining options.
For a starter I ordered the Calamari Insalata - very good (1/2 portion), For Dinner the Agnolotti Boa -Raviolis - Excellent, for dessert we shared the homemade Cannoli - PERFECTO!

Delicious food, comfy atmosphere and great service - Caffe Boa is pretty much perfect.
We've been meeting friends, going to wine dinners and hosting events at the original Caffe Boa in Ahwatukee for more than a decade.
It's by far one of my favorite local restaurants and a frequent Friday night stop.
The casual but elegent euro-style bistro is comfortable, with a spacious dining room, a fun bar area and an outdoor patio complete with a fountain and twinkle lights.
Well known for their professional and attentive service, our favorite servers are Chad, Jorge and Miguel.
Owner Scott Rennard quietly directs the staff, keeping things flowing - but even with a packed house he finds time to mingle with the diners.
Bartender Jorge shakes a mean martini and keeps the bar lively and fun.
The wine list is serious, current and well-priced.
They even have some AZ wines on board.
The bar offers1/2 priced happy hour appetizers and always has a friendly clientele - the perfect stop after a long day at work.
On Friday nights, we like to have a drink at the bar and then grab a table on the patio for a romantic dinner by the fountain, listening to live music, drinking wine and relaxing with a 3- or 4-course meal.
The chef-inspired menu is mostly Italian with splashes of mediterranean and flashes of the southwest.
Chefs Jaime and Martin proudly serve only the freshest, seasonal, local produce, grass fed beef, fresh fish and made-to-order pastas.
We love the homemade aioli and crusty french bread; Roma or Sonoma salad (tender figs, bufalo moz and crisp apples in the Sonoma); creamy shrimp bisque; Agnolotti Boa (mushroom stuffed ravioli), seared diver scallops with linguine; Voodoo Penne; grass-fed beef tenderloin and mashed potatoes; seared sea bass or fresh halibut - get it with jalepeno sauce if they have it; and an absolute MUST is the Boa Buttercake.
I guarantee you won't find a better dessert anywhere.
It's insanely good.
If you haven't tried Caffe Boa in Ahwatukee, you should.
Tell them Val and Todd sent you.
You won't be disappointed!

Had dinner at Caffe Boa last night with the girls.
It had been a while so I thought it was time for an update to the review.
Not surprisingly, it is still a solid 5 stars.
Of the six ladies at the table, every single one of us commented on how good our food was.
I had the spicy rigatoni which I have to say is now my new favorite dish.
The bruschetta was very tasty as always and I was pleased to see they now have a crostini made with brie that was amazing.
Everyone found a wine that was to their liking and that plus the food plus the good weather made for a very relaxing evening on the patio.
I of course had the Strawberry Basil martini and it was delicious as always.

Great food, good atmosphere, good wine.
I'm always so impressed by how they have the place set up.
There's a huge atmosphere change from being outside in the parking lot to being in the restaurant.

I am writing this review as I work my way through this dinning experience.
I have enjoyed Cafe Boa in the past, but it has been years.
So far we are off to a good start.
The restaurant is decorated in soothing colors, clean and relaxing.
The server is very nice and knowledgeable about the menu.
Wild Salmon with Basmati Rice and sautéed veggies sounds great.
Thanks!
Uh oooh!
The tea is weak on tea on heavy on hibiscus or jasmine or dandelion, whatever they flavor it with.
Oh, and did I mention it's empty...... and they aren't terribly busy and I'm sitting at the bar.
Tick-tock, Tick-tock...for as long as this is taking I'm concerned that my Salmon will be over cooked.
It's not that busy people.
Tick-tock, Tick-tock...the wait staff must sense it, because they are leaning half way through the kitchen window looking for food.
I guess this is why they have a decent beer and wine selection, gotta keep you happy during the wait.
Too bad I'm only drinking iced tea.
Tick-tock, Tick-tock...as I sit and watch larger tables that came in after me being served their food.
It's Salmon not rocket science.
The Salmon is a beautiful piece of fish and nearly perfectly cooked.
The fish is great but I'm confused on where the chef was going with this dish.
It has a "corn relish" on top that is really just corn.
It all sits on top of a bed of rice and veggies.
The veggies are nicely cooked but they have a Asian flavor that doesn't match the rest of the dish.
Well, I was going to rate it a 3 star until I got my bill and saw they charged me $19.95 for that dish.
Definitely not worth it.
Hi all,  The owners response to my original review is below.
I did reply back to him directly, but I don't think it will be shown to all so I am adding my response here.Enjoy the reading.
Dear Scott,  Really Scott?
"Tea was full at all times, never empty as you stated" You want to call me a liar?
Not a good plan for salvaging relationships with potential customers.
Trust me when I say it was empty....I know.
"we understand that you were by yourself" This means there is only one dish to focus on, it's easy.
"the ticket time on the Grilled Salmon was not unreasonable" If this is the case then why was the waiter appologizing for it and why were other tables of 3 people receiving their food before me?
If the ticket time was appropriate in your judgement then it is likely that either the server failed to submit the order in  a timely manner or you have a IT/ticketing system issue.
"Your dish, as you stated, was perfectly cooked" Yes the salmon was perfectly cooked and it was a georgeous pice of fish, but beyond the Salmon there was little flavor and what flavors there were, they did not blend together to make a satisfying dish.
It was for this reason that the price was unreasonable.
It was not a good dish.
"Perfect service and not even a 15% gratuity, really?
" Ohhh, I'm sorry you must have missed the part about the empty iced tea, long wait, other more complex orders for a larger group of people coming out before mine, a main dish that the flavors didn't blend well and ice tea that I didn't like.
I am a tipper that over gives and you have to work hard to get less than 20%.
That tip was an earned tip plus a generous donation considering the experience.
Your response has helped solidify my 2 star rating of Cafe Boa.
Gary S.  Hi all,  One last update from me.
I thought you might be interested in seeing the private note that the owner of Cafe Boa sent to me as a response to my last posting.
Cheers,   Gary S.  From: Scott R. Owner To: Gary S.   "I apologize for my following tone, but your response warrants the following: My response isnt to make you change your rating, it really doesnt matter to me,  most normal people know when some reviews are legit and reasonable and some are just ridiculous and silly.
We have thrived for 16+ years, no thanks to people like you.
The fact of the matter is that your experience was Flawless, we serviced you with perfection,.. you were just looking to trash our establishment.
Most of your comments above arent worth responding to, they are so silly.
We served you in a timely manner, albeit not as fast as you wanted, a high quality meal with friendly service and in return you sit there at our Bar during your entire meal, typing on Yelp any flaw you could find, wow, kinda sad, really.
If you are a food critic, ok then I would understand, otherwise, get a life.
We will be here for another 16+ years, you can count on that.
"  Hi all,  Dear Scott R.,  Using my full name in your public reponse is yet more proof of your poor ethical standards.
So all reading please be aware that if Scott R. doesn't take well to your critical feedback that he will take your name from your credit card receipt and try to smear you online.
Good luck Scott!
Gary S.  Gary S.

QUESADILLAS VIANA=Large Flour Tortilla filled with tender sliced chicken, diced asparagus, melted cheeses and diced green onions served aside sour cream and pico di gallo.
Need I say more than the description??

You will be surprised by the quality of food at Cafe Boa.
Set in a little strip mall, you may not expect such a classy bar and restaurant.
The service is terrific and the servers will remember you when you come back.
They like to make you happy there with the service, but the real happiness comes from the food and wine selections.
It is right off of the freeway.
It will be worth a stop in.

Damn, I wish this were closer to work...maybe it is good that it isn't because it would be bad for my health.
I had an absolutely perfectly grilled piece of salmon, and a wonderful salad.
The service was great, and the atmosphere is absolutely charming!
I will be back!

Simply awesome!
Must try the lasagna and do not forget the fleet butter cake to die for!

OK, now I am seriously impressed.
The Owner recognized me on my second visit, and bothered to thank me for visiting again.
How awesome is that!?
Not as awesome as the Tiramisu, which was better than I expected!
And huge!
For a girl like me, that would be what I would change actually: I need smaller portions.
Other than that, I still love this place, and my server was absolutely charming!

Just to clarify: this review is for the Elliot Rd.
restaurant in Ahwatukee.
The only way I can make sense of the glowing reviews here is to conclude that those diners don't get out much or they're friends with the owner.
They also obviously really appreciate that the staff pays attention to regulars (who wouldn't?).
However, in the past four years, I've eaten here probably a dozen times, and experience was such a let down that months would go by before my husband and I would say, "Eh, let's give it another shot.
"  Okay, no more.
Everything about this restaurant is consistently inconsistent.
The service is friendly but inevitably the server screws up our order.
The ingredients seem thoughtfully chosen but the preparation is way off (overcooked, undercooked, something left off of the plate, etc).
One of our dishes may be really good and the other barely okay.
Even the space is confused.
Half of the dining room faces the bar, so diners are forced to deal with whatever game they have the giant TV tuned into.
I don't know about everyone else, but I don't usually pay $75 for a bottle of wine at a sports bar.
Which leads me to the wine.
By the glass?
Forget it.
The offerings are no better than what you'd find at a nice pizza joint.
Bottle offerings are pretty unforgettable, too, and I get the sense that the owner is counting on his patrons not realizing that they're paying too much for what they get.
Much of the wine list looks like it's taken straight from the shelves at the local Fry's market.
But why would I want to drink Rex Goliath, Rodney Strong, Bogle or even Lindeman's at a restaurant that bills itself as a "Euro-style bistro and wine bar"?
It's true that the dining experiences in Ahwatukee are mostly limited to chain restaurants and modest mom-and-pop joints, so it's nice to see someone trying to up the ante.
Now if only Caffe Boa would actually do so...  One more note: I know there's an ongoing grudge between this restaurant and the Mill Ave. establishment of the same name.
I'm familiar enough with both to say this: the Mill Ave. restaurant far exceeds this one in terms of ambiance, food and wine.
Alas, it is also run by someone notorious for not treating his employees very well.
I've never heard one bad thing about this Caffe Boa's management.

First, let me just say you do not go to a place like Cafe Boa and expect everything to happen fast.
Good food does take time and this place does have some very, very good food.
I will agree with some reviewers that sometimes the service can be slow, but then again I have only been there when they have been packed full, so what do you expect.
My first visit I had the Voodoo Penne.
Wonderful dish, garlic cream sauce was, well, very creamy.
Chicken was cooked right, pasta was firm but not chewy.
My only complaint would be I expected a little more spiciness from the blackened chicken.
My next visit I had the Agnolotti Boa.
As a mushroom fan I was expecting a lot from this dish and it did not disappoint.
Very well put together ravioli and the tomato and seasoned cream sauce pulled it together nicely.

I thought it was a great Italian lunch spot- didn't blow my mind, but definitely better than most Italian places for a lunch meeting.
Waiter was very nice and the setting was great.

Rating 3 stars due to meeting expectations.
I have had the butter cake before, served warm.
It was wonderful.
I went to have it again and it wouldn't be done until late in the day.
I went today and the cake was served cold.
When I called for reservations, they said they had 4 pieces of cake left (@11:00 am).
My guess is that these were leftover.
I asked the waiter if the cake was made this morning (yes) and would be warm (yes).
Neither happened.
The $8.50 price caused me to search for online recipes.

Pasta had ZERO flavor.
I was very disappointed.
To be fair, the bruschetta was good.

This was my first time here.
My family loved it!
It was a really nice atmosphere.
Our waiter - Miguel - was really great and friendly--willing and able to answer questions.
As far as the food, it was also lovely.
The scallops are amazing here-I would highly recommend them.
The antipasti was a nice platter for sharing.
And yes, the butter cake is pretty good (the fruit made you feel a little less guilty and offset the flavorings).
Ours was cold, I noticed other reviews talked about a warm version.
I would highly recommend it and I will be coming back.
It was really nice to sit on the patio in the evening too and the heaters kept us warm.

Nice place, great wine, great atmosphere!
The staff is very professional too.
I will go back to try the dinner.
I liked it very much.

Five stars.
(updated from my earlier post).
The owner contacted me and encouraged me to return.
We made a special stop for the butter cake and found it to be perfect.
The staff was warm and welcoming.
I think that 8.50 is pricey for lunch dessert but the quality and presentation is there, so I will continue to be a happy customer and order the cake.
Kudos to the owner for following up with a customer with grace and style.
Recommend that you give this Caffe a try.
They have marvelous  selections in addition to the cake.

We went to Caffe Boa last night for my Mother in Law's birthday.
It had been years since we were last there, and ever since we moved back to Phoenix I've been excited to go back.
We were, however, very disappointed.
The pasta was overcooked and was drowning in sauce.
My husband and MIL had the rigatoni puttanesca, and the sauce was very tomato-y and not very flavorful.
I had the penne in pesto sauce with chicken and hearts of palm.
The sauce, aside from there being way too much, was also very heavy and, well, gooey.
I don't know how else to describe it, but it wasn't a dish I would order again!
The fact that my dish was almost $16 made it feel like even more of a rip-off.
My feeling is that Caffe Boa is riding on their reputation from years ago when it was good...either that or it was a really off night.
We won't be going back - there are other great restaurants to explore.
We'll just hang on to the memories of Caffe Boa of the past.

Very Nice Atmosphere, As Far As The Food The Only I Had So Far Was The Shrimp Bisque It Was Good Not Great But Good.
But I Will Go Back To Try A Few Other Things

We came here last night for dinner.
The decor is very nice.
It is clean and well decorated.
We were greeted right away by a nice young man ,who said we could choose to sit anywhere we wanted.
We chose a table for 2 by the wall.
The host brougt us water with lemon which was nice.
Our waiter came over asked if we were alright with the water,we wanted to order an starter of Calamari but, he was gone in a flash.
He did come back after a bit and we ordered the Calamari and 1 glass of wine.
He was off again.
He did not seem that busy but, he never stayed at the table too long.
The host brought us our appitzer and bread with spread that was excellant!
Food was great, atmosphere great.
Our  waiter seemed like he really did not want to be there, but everything else was great!!
The host was great and answered questions about the food for us.
I got the Ahi Tuna and it had this very strange over cooked bird nest of potaoes on top.
It was completely hard and there was no way to eat it.
My girlfriend gave me some of her rice.
Which was good.
We asked the waiter ,was is this?
He said Potato, why you don't like it.
We both said no....He responded ,"Huh" and walked away.
Oh well everything can't be perfect... We liked everything else.
Parking is a challenge as there is a GOLD 's Gym in the lot and i think they take a  lot of the spots.

Terrific first experience.
The restaurant was crowded but the hostess made an effort be accomodating despite us not have reservations.
While she was off scouting a table, several of the wait staff asked if we had been helped.
Started out with the pom cran martini and it was just the right combination of tart and sweet.
My husband had the mango one which I found a little too sweet--could have used a touch more tang.
The bruschetta was very tasty--lots of delicious marinated tomato and a few olives and field greens on the side as a bonus.
I loved the osso buco special--the savory meat was falling off the bone tender and the orzo/vegetables were delicious.
My husband had the filet mignon special on the purple mashed potatoes and it was also very good.
Our waiter was very attentive and somehow having water in a coke glass with lemon makes it all the more refreshing.
We enjoyed the guitarist/singer who played a combination of 70s folk rock and today's adult alternative.
Just two negatives: 1) the overall noise level of the restaurant--we found ourselves having to talk loud and/or repeat ourselves although we were tete a tete.
I imagine this is not an issue on a less crowded night.
2) The lighting was also inadequate--the meal was delicious but it was hard to see exactly what were eating.

This is a small intimate restaurant, where the lighting is dim and music soothing.
Perfect for my postponed Valentine's Day date night.
I tried this place on Friday night.
Thankfully I had called ahead and made reservations, because it was PACKED!
The menu is limited but there were also 5-6 meat/seafood specials if you are not a pasta fan.
Try the tiramisu for dessert, you will not be disappointed.
Best part of the night was listening to the solo guitar player, who started at 7pm.
Only downside of the evening was the drunk older women at the table next to mine who kept grabbing the waiters for a hug and then one of them knocked over and shattered her wine glass.
Overall, the food was good, atmosphere was great (intimate + romantic).

Enjoyed a great salad with plenty of chicken.
The service was optimal and as I recall from previous visits the staff is easy on the eyes.
I'd go back.

I love this little local place.
It is classy the food is great and the wine list is superb.
sometimes it is packed and I cannot get a seat even at the bar!!!
That is the only drawback to being a cute little neighborhood place.

Server was attentive & made very good suggestions.
The dried figs on the Sonoma salad were the right texture but flavors did not completely mesh.
Dressing on salad was soupy.
Pesto penne delicious...very rich & huge portion.
Overall 3 stars.
Go on a night they play live music...later in the week

Wonderful place to have lunch!
I love that they offer a full menu during the day as I prefer to eat my big meal of the day at lunch.
Menu was extensive and the service was wonderful.
My filet was cooked perfectly.
The brownie sundae was terrific - it's more like a flourless cake.
Super cute place and I will definitely be returning!

Cafe Boa is an Ahwatukee gem!
Great food, service, and ambiance.
The live music on the weekends is great.
The Antipasta was fantastic.

Simply awesome!
Must try the lasagna and do not forget the fleet butter cake to die for!

Great patio.
Been here twice now and the Crostini Boa is SO, SO wonderful--such a lovely array of flavors and textures!
Ideal for a lunch/light dinner/late-night-nosh/appie ($15) with wine.
I'm sure I'll be back soon!

The only thing keeping this 5 stars is the price point and service.
The service should be better and more attentive.
It took the staff did not welcome me, so I just walked to the bar and sat down.
Still it took a while to get service  The food is great, but about 20-30% overpriced.

This place was so neat!
The patio was lovely with nice lighting and a live musician, very relaxing!
It would be a great place for a date with the dim lighting and the nice, long wine list.
I went with a friend and and the food was wonderful.
We had the shrimp bisque to start and my friend ordered a bowl so I could try some but the waitress surprised us and split the bowl in two so we each had our own, I thought that was thoughtful (: The voodoo penne was good and if you're a fan of lots of peppers and tomatoes then it would be  good choice.
What I will say is that this place is pricey, it was over $30 a piece before tipping which I think is about double a lot of places prices for similar dishes.
The presentation and preparation of the food was fabulous though, you can tell that they care about how the food looks!
I would go back but not too often, it'd hurt the pocket book too much :P

Oil, vinegar and spices for dipping your bread in is always a good start for me.
We had a lovely early dinner at Caffe Boa, with dim lighting, a festive holiday tree and pleasant, attentive service.
The specials sounded delicious but, we went traditional instead.
We shared a half order of Sonoma Salad, (organic mixed greens, dried mission figs, sliced apples, fresh bufala mozzarella, with a raspberry vinaigrette).
It was big enough to share, and each have a nice pre-pasta portion.
For the entree, I was delighted by the AGNOLOTTI BOA, which are, as per the website, "Raviolis filled with a soft blend of portabella and cremini mushrooms in a flavorful sauce of tomato and seasoned cream.
"  My dining partner had the lasagna, which was delicious, but too much even for him.
We took it home and enjoyed it again the next day.
That, of course meant we had room for dessert, so we went for espressos and the housemade tiramisu.
It was light and fluffy and, again, a giant portion.
Service was very pleasant and not rushed.
The patio looks cute and romantic for a return visit.

Cafe Boa is a small, classy restaurant tucked away in an unassuming strip mall in Ahwatukee.
They have a rather limited main menu, but typically 4 or 5 daily specials.
I went here on a quiet Monday night with some coworkers and it wasn't busy at all.
The service was prompt and friendly, although they did forget to put our appetizer order through.
I had a Hawaiian sunfish that was stuffed with Asiago cheese over a bed of fresh rice and steamed veggies...
It was delicious and a very generous portion.
The waitress brought us a free dessert for the appetizer mix up, so we were very happy that they took care of us.
I will certainly be back to sample more of their specials.

This was my first visit and from the experience I will be back many more times.
I had the special seared scallops in a leak cream sauce, melt in your mouth goodness.
My husband had a more classic dish and it was just as good as mine.
We got the bruschetta to start and it was flavorful and the bread was nice and crunch.
The patio was a very nice surprise, you don't feel like you are in a strip mall.
They have a decent wine selection and next time I am hoping to save room for desert.

Awesome Ambiance.
I had a late supper here with a good friend of mine last Friday and the food and the service gets two thumbs up.
The live music was stellar.
This is a great place to go unwind or on a date.

I am going to gush about this place....sorry...I might go overboard, sue me.
I absolutely love Caffe Boa.
This is NOT associated with the one on Mill.
Please disregard them when comparing the two.
Its apples and oranges.
This site does not get barely enough pub, which is truly a damn shame.
Well, lets change that!
~Fud/Drink~ I have attended here a couple times.
Each time, the food has been exquisite.
No other way to put it.
Their take on European-American values along with their blended emphasis on using local and sustainable foods, they do it perfectly.
Last time we went was for Valentines Day 2012, and I had the Seared Ahi Tuna.
It is hard to explain how beautiful the flavors were in this dish.
They crashed in my mouth and unleashed flavors I haven't tasted in many years.
I tried a bit of my fiance's beef dish, and was floored at the tenderness and flavor as well.
The management tends to include many new options from time to time, so when you stop in after a while, expect to see new options that taste great.
The wines here are paired perfectly for the foods on the menu.
They also place such a fine emphasis on sustainability with their wines, by the way.
They have a wide variety as you would expect.
The owner makes sure to keep up with his stock and changes it up from time to time in turn with his menu.
Finally, everyone loves the different desserts on the menu, its just not my thing.
But from everything I have heard, they are just as good as the dishes that you just ate.
The chef here has perfected the more elegant sides of a Euro-American dish, it is such a pleasure to eat here.
~Atmosphere/Service~ Sterling S. is spot on with the ambiance.
I say awesome too much in my reviews, so he said it more me.
Tucked inside of this small venue is a beautiful room and patio which is intimate and inviting.
I highly suggest this spot anytime you need to take your special someone out for a extra-special night.
The waitstaff are also spot-on.
I haven't had a single bad experience with anyone here.
They treat you very well, and seem to have ESP...because they come back at the right time.
If I have a question about something on our bill, they take the time to answer my Questions, and do not huff if I ask for help splitting a portion of the bill.
As with any fine-dining establishment, they are highly knowledgeable of their menu, but they also keep a keen tab on the wines as well.
Ask them for a good wine to pair your dish with, and they will have an answer.
~Extras/Rating~ I have a couple things to note.
They do have mid-afternoon happy hour specials on food and drinks.They also have enough area on the patio outside to offer live music from time to time.
The live music is always paired well with the quiet interior, and sets the mood well.
Finally, they offer every few months a specific wine/food event, normally wine-related.
They update their website from time to time for these events, but I suggest you call ahead of time to see what is going on that day/week and in the future.
They get a 5 star rating because of the high quality food, enchanting service and ambiance, variety of events, and the general charm the site exudes.
I can't think of a finer food establishment in Ahwatukee, its a gem.

Went there last night with boyfriend and one of his clients.
I recommended the place based on Yelp reviews and boy am I sorry.
Got there around 6.00 and was told to sit anywhere.
Waitress came over, gave us a menu, and took our drink order.
She came back with my wine, which probably had about 3 oz.
of wine.
My boyfriends client really didn't want Italian food - which seems to be the predominant genre, with a Greek twist, so he ordered a salad.
I ordered a calamari Insalata, boyfriend order the Adriatic chicken, which was mostly pasta, and his client order some type of BLT salad.
After we ordered, we noticed a "specials" board, which the waitress failed to mention.
Oh we'll... Our order was already in.
Food arrived fairly quickly, but none of us was very impressed with our orders.
Service was mediocre, food was mediocre, don't think we'll be going back.

This place is ALWAYS packed during weekends which tells me this is a great dinner spot.
BUT REALLY IT'S NOT!?!?
The food is just "OK" I don't understand why this place is always so busy???
The service was good, salad- good, their filet mignon was OK, and their bread is whack.
They also bring this stuff to dip your bread into.
They called it something sorta fancy-like but really- it's just cottage cheese mixed with I forget what.
LOL seriously- Travis and I were laughing out loud at how we were dipping our soft day old tasting bread into cottage cheese.
We drive by it and out loud pretend like we are yelling at all the people eating there, and yell out,  "IT'S NOT THAT GOOD!
" because it really isn't!!
Why is it always so busy?!?

AMAZING!
We ordered this for lunch at the office and everyone was raving about it, even the hardest to please.

I have been taking friends and relatives here for several years but no more.
Sat night's visit went wrong in so many ways.
We agreed to wait 30 min for a patio table and told we could order drinks at a table indoors while we waited.
Our waitress was not informed of that.
We ordered beers they had listed but the first tap beer we ordered they were out.
The bottled beer we ordered they were out, all of which led to delayed service.
We had to nag to be seated outside even though we could see tables opening up and were told twice they were "setting up" for us which involved all of setting out rolled up napkins.
Then we finally were seated but they put three of us at two small tables set next to each other which was so clumsy.
A server tried to bring our water out to us even though one was empty and asked which of us was by the door so he could give us the right glass.
I had to tell him to bring fresh waters.
Finally we ordered dinner and a bottle of Cline Zinfandel --very common label.
Nope, they were out.
The bottle we took instead was great however and our food was very good and well-served.
We did get an offer to move to a square table before our food arrived but we declined because it was next to a table at which three young women were all smoking!!
I suspected they were friends of a manager who came to visit them for a while.
He should have been trying to manage the service instead.
Our server was very nice and apologetic, and we tipped her accordingly, but she could not make up for the total lack of management in the restaurant that night.
When we left, our water glasses all were empty and had been for some time.
Very disappointing all around!

Good pasta dishes great atmosphere and delicious butter cake!

I LOVE Cafe Boa in Tempe, and often take new clients there or visit for a unique dish and great glass of wine.
Ahwatukee, however, let me down.
We brought my out of town relatives and the service was horrible.
We were waiting a long time to be greeted, to receive drinks, and then our food took unusually long.
When it did come out, it was the wrong order.
Perhaps it was a combination of a poorly trained waitress and slow kitchen staff?
Either way, it's a disappointment because I live closer to this location and was hoping for a new wine hangout.

Delicious!
Everything's good

My husband and I went to Caffe Boa for the second time yesterday.
The first time, we were waiting for our to-go sushi order from Sakana next door; so we thought we'd grab an appetizer and a glass of wine while we waited.
Thought it was great and the atmosphere was great and figured we'd be coming back often.
Last night was different.
The first words that we were greeted with were "Where do you want to sit?".
Well, hello to you too!
When we got to our table we were brought water, but it took about 20 min for someone to come greet us and get our drink order.
From this point, the experience was fine.
We had a bottle of wine and the Crostini Boa (which the bread should be toasted).
We ordered off of the specials for the night.
I ordered the beef medallions and my husband had the filet.
He ordered it rare, with specific instructions on how it should look.
Our order was brought out and our server went back inside.
My husband cut into his filet and it was overcooked; medium actually, and when you order it rare, that's REALLY overcooked.
My meal was fine.
We waited for the server to come back out to ask us how our meal was... and waited... and waited.
After 20 min, he finally came back out and asked how everything was.
My husband is in the restaurant business and is well aware of how this next part should have gone.
My husband told the server his steak was overdone (he only had a bite of it) and the server looked at the steak and said "Yup, that does look overdone.
Would you like me to box it up for you?
" What?!
He should have said, "Yes, that does look overdone.
I'm sorry about that, let me get you a new one.
"   When you're paying $40 for a filet entree, and spending almost $200 on a meal and experience, I expect them to get it right, or make it right.
We had him box our leftovers and ordered another glass of wine and asked for the check.
It was one of very few times that I tipped less than 20%.
We won't be going back.

Atmosphere:  Very nice, classy place, clean.
Soft jazz playing in the background.
I would recommend this place for a low-key weeknight.
Service:  No one there to greet at check-in, I believe hostesses were helping clear tables.
Our server stepped up to the plate and provided amazing service.
Went out of his way to make this a great experience.
The gentlemen wait staff were very attentive and on their game.
Food:  It is as described.
Diver Scallops were an amazing size.
The sauce was well seasoned, The pasta al dente.
I tried my husband's Filet Mignon, it was well prepared and a generous portion.
He did not leave one crumb on his plate.
I tried my daughter's Bow Tie Boa chicken, it was also very well done and a generous portion.
Mimosas:  Very well done, the way they should taste.
Bread and sauce dip:  It is not cottage cheese folks.
I believe it is a fontina or marscapone; some type of Italian cheese mixture.
Different.
The bread, I cannot tell if it was home baked, but it was fresh and soft.
It was not warm when we got it, but rather on the cold side.
I am not sure if this is how it was supposed to be but we finished it off.
Overall:  Very nice.
Just a couple of things would send this over the top to a 5 star:  1.
)  I felt the wait staff could have used one extra hand this busy Mother's Day and 2.
)  My Linguini was cold upon arrival.
)  The butter cake is amazing, but with the $8.50 price tag, I felt it could have been a bit more generous in size.
Also the fruits around the side I felt were skimpy, could have used a few more.
It's a cute little place and rates good.

So,  I walked in for a last minute happy hour celebration and was impressed by the decor.
As soon as I walked in I could smell the deliciousness of the food luring me closer to the kitchen.
The bartender chats me up, hands me their happy hour menu and begins to make me one of the most delectable and strong Cosmos outside of NYC.
The meatballs and brushetta were out-of-this world.
I must go back!

Imma break this down into three sections.
The Pasta = Eh, I've had better.
(2.5 stars)  I ordered the Rigatoni Bolognese.
The rigatoni was cooked perfectly al dente, so yay, HOWEVER the bolognese was fairly blande and to give you a better picture of the quality - imagine a mix of Prego, ground beef from a can of Chef Boyardee, and a few tablespoons of oil.
And I thought this was supposed to be simmered for hours...  2.
The Service = Not bad (3 stars)  Friendly, welcoming servers, nothing over and beyond but got the job done, so well-deserving of a standard 15% tip.
Dessert = The Real Deal HolymotherofgodthisisdeliciousField (9,000 stars)  I had heard the rumors about the butter cake.
I had seen pictures.
But none of that could prepare me for the sheer amazingness that is the butter cake.
It is so delicious that it doesn't even deserve to be mentioned in the same review as its mediocre pasta counterpart.
And so, I shall write a separate update!
To be continued...

This update is for the main reason I came here: BUTTER CAKE  I've always loved butter cake because it combines a few of my favorite things besides girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes.
Let's start with the presentation: a slab of sexy butter cake, topped with a strawberry, with chocolate and raspberry sauce drizzled all over the plate, and two blackberries and two raspberries to cover the four corners/directions of the plate.
Splendid!
And then the taste.
Lord almighty - the cake part was as delicate and rich as cheesecake, except...BETTER...and more buttery.
The crust was thick yet smooth, kind of like bread pudding.
Really, it's tough to describe this as nothing can really do this fantastic dessert justice...except by eating it.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Grade:  Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens Butter cake while watching Lord of the Rings These are a few of my favorite things

So I met a girl and I wanted to find a place near her work that would impress her but not be too fancy.
BINGO!!
This place was awesome.
I came on a Wednesday night.
I read a review that they have an awesome patio so we ate out there.
The patio was in fact awesome.
We were the only ones there which at first troubled me a little.
This place is truly a hidden gem.
I had a glass of wine and I wish I remembered what it was because it was fantastic.
We split an app and I had the Boa Bowtie.
We were talked into the butter cake at the end of our meal.
I can't stop raving about this place.
The date itself went nowhere but you can bet I'll be back here again.
What a great place.

Good!
Very good!
Met a friend here for happy hour with my hubby.
Got some wine, beer, and the antipasto plate.
Was a LOT of food... and very tasty!
They allowed us to have the password for their wifi, which was also very nice.
I'll be back!

After reading all the reviews of restaurants in the area, we chose Caffe Boa and were delighted at how perfect it was, and yes, the butter cake is as good as everyone claims.
We arrived at 5:45 and were surprised at how few people were there on a Sat night.
I guess not having a happy hour on Sat was the difference but by the time we left, the place was full.
Our server was wonderful, prompt and helpful.
The food was delicious with large portions so we all needed boxes.
There were gluten-free options also, even pasta.
I can highly recommend this place and would go again the next time I am in the Phoenix area.

Went for happy hour with my boyfriend and his son.
There was literally one other party in the whole place, sitting inside.
We chose to sit out on the patio.
It was a nice little area with a pretty fountain.
I can see how it would be a really nice ambience in the evening when there is live music out there.
We sat down and very clearly stated that we were there for the happy hour.
After looking over the menu and deciding on some happy hour options, the waiter came back and said that the manager informed him that happy hour deals are only good if you sit AT the bar.
First of all: We were one of the only parties there.
Really?
You want us to leave the one table you have outside to sit at the bar?
Secondly: We clearly had a child with us, therefore we couldn't have sat at the bar.
I just don't understand why they wouldn't give us happy hour pricing.
We still ordered drinks/appetizers off of the happy hour menu, but paid full price for everything.
The food was mediocre, nothing great.
I got the bruschetta and my boyfriend got the quesadilla.
It was just disappointing first experience but I will come back because it's super close to our place.
Next time we will come kid-free to sit at the bar and get the full happy hour experience.

Went to Caffe Boa for the 1st time with a group of girlfriends.
It was a horrible experience.
Drinks took between 10-20 minutes each time we ordered and the restaurant was not busy.
Wine should not take that long to pour.
My ice tea was never refilled.
I ordered the filet special with sauce on the side - medium well.
When my entree came it was smothered in the sauce.
I sent it back immediately and when my steak returned it was dry and cooked well done.
3rd time it came back correct but at that point- about 2 hours into the meal it's just not acceptable.
I would have expected for something to be reduced on my bill but it was not.
I would have expected the manager to possibly come and apologize- never happened.
Needless to say I will never go back and will not recommend to my friends.

Always delicious here and great staff!
We enjoyed another wonderful dinner here just last night.

I enjoy the food and the atmosphere here but the service is on and off.
Some visits, we are served with a friendly face and efficient attitude, but I've also been for lunch and felt completely forgotten about, even though we were one of two tables in the restaurant.
However, I am going to take it as an off-day and won't hold it against them!
I really enjoy their salads and pastas.
Everything is hearty and homey.
It's a welcoming environment for the suburbia-ville area!

After a lot of hype, we decided to check the place out.
We ordered the calamari for an appetizer, which was mediocre.
The maranara didn't taste fresh and the flavors were off.
The calamari was okay.
We ordered a caesar salad to split and the staff was nice enough to serve it on two plates for us.
Unfortunately, the lettuce was not cleaned well enough because there was still dirt on it.
Now, I can understand that that may happen every once-in-a-while but I would really like it if I NEVER had to experience E-Coli poisoning.
We mentioned the salad to the manager and she was very apologetic.
My guest ordered a burger and was more than happy with it.
The sauce for the Adriatico pasta plate was not pleasant in flavor or appearance.
The dish was more like a noodle soup than anything else.
When it comes to Italian food, the noodles should be just wet, NOT swimming.
The shrimp that came in the pasta was perfectly cooked and very generously portioned.
Taking everything in to account, the $45 lunch we had there was just not worth it.
I highly doubt we'll return to this restaurant.

The food is over priced and mediocre.
No prices are noted on specials board.
We spent over 100 dollars on a meal Saturday night at another restaurant  that beat this 100 dollar one hands down.
The aioli starter with bread tasted like pureed tuna salad instead of an aioli.
The scallop dish was bland.
The scallops could have stood more of a sear and the fettucine should have been dressed with a blended cream and lemon instead of the heavy alfredo used on the dish.
Dessert was tiramisu and yes , it was bland too.
No taste of marsala or any other liquer soaking the cake of the tiramisu.
Over all this was a waste of an effort to have a good meal at a new place for us.

As good as the food and atmosphere are...the service is equally bad.
The place is small and somewhat pricey although not terribly.
We have been several times and have a decent meal.
Nothing great.
Servers with some care and hustle would make this place stand out.
Sadly it falls very short of the potential.

Doesn't get any better in Ahwatukee !!!
Staff is fun and youthful and the food delivers every time.

Lasagna is fantastic!
They say their Voodoo Chicken Penne is a signature dish but it is pretty average.
Great service, nice patio when the weather is cool.

Summary: I don't say this lightly.
I had the best diver scallop dish in my life.
The atmosphere is absolutely beautiful in the patio area.
The service was a bit slow but they had a large party when we were seated at around 9 pm.
The drinks were nothing special.
The martinis were priced at a premium but did not measure up.
The butter cake was well above average.
The atmosphere has a local, warm feel with custom painting, reveals and furnishings that remind you that you are not in a chain.
We got there late but their kitchen is open until 10:15 on Saturday.
We asked to sit on the patio since others on yelp had great things to say about it.
We were not disappointed.
You would never know that you were sitting next to a parking lot with the plants and walls completely isolating you.
There is an elegant fountain, outdoor fireplace, and romantic lighting.
This is a great place to take a date to.
We ordered martinis, a cucumber martini and a raspberry and chambord martini.
They were small and, frankly, not unique, although they charge a premium price.
We decided to skip appetizers and had bread.
The bread was fair but nothing special.
For the entree I ordered the gnocchi with chicken and Prosciutto in a garlic cream sauce.
In terms of presentation, it looked like porridge with a couple of green twigs for color.
As unappetizing as it looked, it had a pleasant taste with great textures.
I would rate it as a slightly above average meal.
My girlfriend ordered the  diver scallops rolled in fettuccine.
Presentation on this dish did not do it justice as it looked relatively average with no color or texture variations.
The scallops were seared with a smooth butter glaze.
They were the size of a child's fist and were perfectly cooked.
No fish taste at all.
The spices were a great compliment and, everything combined, was as close to a perfect bite as I have had in years.
I'd like to think that this is not a case of "all stars aligning" and that they can reproduce this at will.
If so, I will be one happy and loyal patron.
By the way, did you notice that I was describing my girlfriends dish?
I took that bad boy over as soon as I saw even the slightest hint of her slowing down.
I think she let me go at it because she saw that I was starting to bath myself in the dish.
Ok, dessert.
They have a specialty dish called butter cake.
It was a creamy cake, with an almost creme brûlée center.
It was not overly sweet but was heavy enough that two would be satisfied by sharing one.
It is worth trying and I will have it again.
I can tell you without a doubt, that despite the lack of presentation, I cannot wait to have an excuse to get back their for those stupidly ridiculous scallops.
Beware though, with no appetizer, two entrees, and dessert, the bill came to over $120 with a tip.
Don't know abut your pocket books but I would not just stroll into this place.
Best if it is planned with some special folks at your side.

This is an example of how stupid yelp reviews are.
This food is good.
However the place has worst reviews than a casino chop house down the road.
Trust me, Boa is good, especially compared to the crap served down the road.

On February 14, 2014 we went to Cafe Boa for our Valentine's Day dinner.
They offered a three-course menu at $48.95 per person.
The first course offered a Spring mix salad with watercress, candied walnuts, goat cheese and pistachios with Champagne vinaigrette dressing.
The second course offered a choice of three:  A) pan seared halibut over a bed of rice pilaf, brussel sprouts and root vegetable; B) handmade duck raviolis on seasoned broth and herbs; and C) medallion of beef, medium rare, with a peppercorn reduction.
Peruvian whipped potatoes and vegetables.
The third course offered a chocolate torte with fresh berries.
There sitting arrangement times were 5pm, 7pm and 9pm and we chose to dine at 7pm.
We arrived 15 minutes early and there were still a lot of nice tables open.
Of all the places they decided to sit us was in front of and near the men's restroom door.
Having to look at that door during our meal seemed disgusting and we asked for another table.
They said they understood and set us at another table.
Why, in a nice restaurant, would they even think of putting a dining table in sight of the men's restroom door?
How crass!
After we were seated, we lucked out and got a really nice person to wait on us.
We ordered a very nice bottle of Pinot Grigio, which was wonderful, and as soon as it was brought to our table we ordered our dinner.
Cafe Boa has a great ambiance and it was so romantic, until they brought us the first course.
The salad looked delicious, but it was awful.
It was mostly the Spring mix, with two very small cherry tomatoes, two candied walnut halves and a piece of goat cheese that was about one-inch round and a quarter in thick.
When I took my first bite, it was acrid tasting and made my nose crinkle.
There was hardly any dressing to be had.
After the second bite, I was done with my salad.
My husband ate half of  his, saying the only reason he did was because he was hungry.
My husband loves fish, so for his second course he had ordered the halibut.
He took one bite and said it was disgusting and very fishy tasting, which meant it was either frozen at one time or it was just old.
It was supposed to be pan seared, but the piece of fish they used was way too thick to be able to sear properly.
Thus, it was crusty on the ends and very dry in the middle.
He tried cutting into one of the brussel sprouts with a knife, with no avail, and made the comment that they were so hard he could use them for golf balls.
I had ordered the beef medallions and the peppercorn reduction was so thick it was more like an old-fashioned gravy.
A reduction is supposed to be flavorful and bring out the taste in the beef, but the flavor was horrible and I couldn't even taste the beef.
I don't like restaurant vegetables, so I gave them to my husband and he said they were okay.
The whipped potatoes were good, but nothing to brag about.
After getting part way though the second course, the person who was waiting on us came over to ask how good the food was and I told her the truth...that it was awful from the beginning.
She asked if there was anything she could do about it, but I just told her there was nothing that could be done; that even if she brought us another plate it would probably be the same.
For the third course, we had the chocolate torte and berries, two small berries to be exact.
The cake part was tasteless, but the icing and the pudding in the middle was good.
All in all, despite the food not being up to par, my husband and I had a nice time and enjoyed ourselves.
We told each other that neither of us would ever go back to Cafe Boa again, especially for a wonderful occasion such as Valentine's day!

Worst experience and food ever!
My family has quite a few food allergies (gluten, dairy, egg, peanuts, etc.
), so we called ahead to make sure they had gluten free pasta as advertised on their menu.
So we come with a party of 9 and they seat us outside because they say it's warmer than inside and that they had heat lamps.
They did have heat lamps, but only 1 for our entire table b/c they said they ran out of propane.
When it came time to order, the server told us there was no gluten free pasta.
I expressed my disappointment that we were misled when we called earlier about the gluten free pasta availability, saying that we would never have come there if we knew there was no gluten free pasta.
Server apologized profusely and told us that the manager offered to send out some 3 free desserts  - sorbet and crème brulee (creme brulee had gluten of course, so the gluten free eaters could not eat it).
Anyways, our party ordered food and it took 1.5+ hours waiting in the cold for all the food to come out.
When it did come out, the lasagna I had was cold in the middle and the rest of the food was overcooked and mushy.
Whatever my son ate, he had an immediate allergic reaction to the food while at the restaurant.
2+ hours later we left the restaurant having to pay a big bill, cold, hungry and sick.
I felt bad for the server, she tried to accommodate as best as she could.
The manager, however, never even came out to talk or to apologize for us.

This is my second review on Caffe Boa !
I always like to follow up with an updated review.
I walked in hoping that my experience would be as great as my first....and it was !!!!!!!
Our server was great as usual ( I had her last time) and she is knowledgable and friendly.
The food was fantastic and the drinks were cold and served fast.
The perfect weather and patio puts Caffe Boa over the top.
FANTASTIC

I don't eat here enough!
Every time I come to Boa, I have an excellent meal and a great experience.
The chef knows what he is doing and it shows in quality and presentation of the food.
The butter pie reminds me of buttermilk pie I used to get back in Austin, TX.
Definitely worth a try if you are in the area and like Italian food.
Also, good ambiance and nice patio with lots of live plants and a water fountain.

We love this place, and eat here every time we're in town.
The prices are reasonable, even on their wine menu.
It's nice to have a bottle of Justin, out on the patio.
And while the apps are a great addition, I seldom have the room.
The meals are delicious, and I love that they're more original than I've found at other places.
The wait staff has always been knowledgable and friendly.
I, personally, haven't had any service problems here.
It's likely more appropriate for an adult crowd.
I would recommend this restaurant.

I had dinner at Caffe Boa this past Wednesday.
Amazing atmosphere and vibe, very classy and elegant.
We had the Salsiccia Contadina as an appetizer and it was delicious.
Very large portion for a starter.
For our entres we had the Chicken special.
Good but no overly impressive.
We also had the Voodoo Penne.
The Penne was absolutely phenomenal.
I was very impressed with the service, Bethany was great.
I will surely return soon and recommend you do as well.

