I felt like I was back in San Francisco what with the wine selection and items on the menu like ahi tuna tartare and steamed mussels.
This is a fabulous restaurant on the west side of the Mad City with dark wood, soft lighting, friendly staff and humongous wine racks climbing the walls.
Great place for a date or hanging out with friends.
The only disappointing aspect was the large, plasma T.V.
hanging over the bar that was always on.
Seriously, only in the midwest would a fine dining restaurant have a television in it.

Hooray!
I love this place!
Fantastic wine menu and nice atmosphere.
Definitely an older crowd than I am used to (I'm 21 and the average age is 45) but the staff still treated me like a star.
My wine was delicious and my date and I ordered the fondu plate....best fondu plate I have EVER had...amazing!
Our bartender was new and not very familiar with the menu, but with 100's of wines to keep straight, I can't fault her.
I will definitely go back!
5 stars!

Yay for a Madison Tapas Place!!!!!!!!!
This is THE BEST restaurant for excellent wine, really good portion tapas, and just all around ambiance.
I WILL say that I give it two thumbs down in their food selection, given that it's VERY vegetarian unfriendly.
But seriously their extensive wine list pretty much makes up for this!!!!
Wait staff is very courteous and well.. if you're in a good group, this is great to sample a ton of things.
However, this brings on the classic case scenario of the people who "just want to pay for what they bought (regardless of the fact that they ate from another plate" or the ones that "forget" that tipping is important....
But that's a story for another day...

Love it, Love it, Love it.
Haven't taken anyone there who didn't say the same.
Food is great, infused martini's fabulous and the wine list extensive.
Go!

Grade: B+  Appetizers only?
Fine with me.
Great place.
I just wish it wasn't in a strip mall.

I really enjoyed the atmosphere at Eno Vino--it's definitely on par with some of my favorite Chicago hotspots.
My sister and I went for some good old fashioned liquid dessert, aka Key Lime Pie martinis.
We also shared the cheese plate: warm Fontina fondue, along with aged goat, blue, cheddar and gouda cheeses, and the Shitaki Ravioli, which featured a really nice Foie Gras sauce -- yum!
Note that they're currently undergoing construction due to expansion; we ended up perched on stools at the bar next to a very large tarp, but didn't notice any noise or drafty conditions.
And yes, as some other reviewers mentioned, the strip mall location is somewhat disconcerting, but two drinks in you'll forget all about the neighboring Jiffy-Lube.

With great ambience, an impressive tapas selection and excellent wine list, Eno Vino exceeded my expectations.
The plates actually range from tapas size to meal size as you go down the list - we ordered 2 of the larger plates plus crab cakes as an app and it was plenty.
Their presentation is impeccable.
We were impressed with our wine selections, especially the Madrigal Zinfandel.
We plan to go back to try their pizzas.

Great vibe, great food and a good wine list.
At the bar is where it is at!
Attentive, friendly bar staff.
Only complaint is the red wine is often a bit warm, not quite cellar temperature.

Everything tasted amazing - the best prepared meal I've had in ages - and it was impressively presented.
Definitely a great pick for an important date or a splurge with some friends.
We sat at a table near the bar and there was a great low-light atmosphere with a large fireplace glowing near our table and enough other laughs and chatter around us that we didn't feel pressure to keep our voices low.
Unfortunately the service was slow - we had to wave our waitress down twice.
And I was a little surprised by the bill.
It came to $101 before tip for three ladies, and I don't think any of us would have said we were actually full.

I live about 2 minutes from Eno, and I've managed to be there only three times.
Gasp!
I know, but the three times I've been there have been great.
The first time I went I had no clue what to expect.
I didn't know if it was an uber dressy wine bar or if the casual look could also be an option.
I opted to wear a sweater and jeans and fit right in.
There are those who come from work, and those, like me, who had time to run home and change into something a bit more comfortable.
The service is great.
Whether you're sitting at the bar, table, or chairs someone will be there to assist with taking your order.
Drinks and food come at a timely fashion.
The drinks are fantastic.
I tried the strawberry champagne drink.
The name to it slips my mind, but let me tell you, it is delicious.
My friends, also, said their drinks were great, whatever they may be.
I've only ever eaten the appetizers there.
Let's start off with the fried calamari.
I, for one, hate seafood, but was convinced by my two friends to just give it a try.
Hallelujah to them!
Yummy doesn't even begin to describe.
Their pizza is mediocre.
Nothing to brag about.
I still have to explore Eno Vino a bit more, but as for now it gets a big fatty 4 out of 5.

Finally ate dinner here:  fan-freaking-tastic!
The bruschetta is phenom.
You're allowed to choose up to four different types.
How awesome is that.
Everyone will find a flavor to enjoy.
The skirt steak is my new favorite.
It was delicious.
That's all I can say about it.
The truffle fries were equally as good.
They came with three sauces:  a cheese sauce (my fav), thai ketchup (very interesting flavor... in a good way), and a garlic mayonnaise sauce (almost as good as the cheese sauce).
The sauces are unique flavors that will satisfy anyone's tastebuds.
And for the finale.
I have five words to say:  Best Red Velvet Cake Ever!
If you're looking for a nicer restaurant for a group and are willing to shell out more than a few George Washington's than I highly suggest going to Eno Vino.
The end.

2 stars for location 3 stars for decor/atmosphere 5 stars for drink/wine list 5+ stars for food  If you want to go someplace outside of downtown Madison, don't waste your time going anywhere else.
Their food and drinks are just INCREDIBLE.
All the seafood I had (shrimp, scallops, lobster, crab leg) was very fresh, the bruchetta yummy, good flatbread pizza and delicious (although very frosted) red velvet cake.
The problem is, someone's always got to be the designated driver to get out to Middleton, and with great wines and cocktails, no one wants to volunteer.

I've been to Eno Vino dozens of times now and it's always the first place that comes to mind when I want to grab an awesome drink or bite to eat.
I adore their drinks: The All Natural martini is my go to, but I love the PB&J and Blueberry Cobbler too.
My bf and I generally always start with the Ahi Tuna, but recently have moved to their awesome mussels.
They change up their menu every so often and I am never disappointed when they do.
We went a few days ago and had their duck special and it was AMAZING.
I always get the scallops and would happily eat them everyday if I could.
Their hanger steak is a must too, the mashed potatoes underneath are awesome.
The waitstaff is always very knowledgeable and prompt.
We generally finish up with the fondue and I somehow always have enough room to finish it.
It's a little spendy but I feel like you get so much amazing food that it's well worth it.
The decor and seating is great too.
I have no complaints about Eno, I'll be back again soon!

Probably some of the best food in Madison, however extremely spendy.
Good service and great wine selection as well.

I've enjoyed sharing plates every time I've been here.
If the hanger steak (I believe) sounds good from the description, you won't be disappointed.
Remember: sharing is caring.

Ok...I understand the Tapas trend...really, I do.
But honestly it is getting old.
If I wanted to share what I want to eat with somebody else I will but in all reality I just want to sit down and eat good food.
My wife's friends have been raving about Eno Vino for a long time and it was time for us to try this place everyone raves about.
I will be the first to say, the food was VERY GOOD!
Myself, my wife, and a couple of others went to Eno Vino this past weekend and immediately upon arrival I knew this place had fell in the rating points when I could not find a parking stall.
I had dropped my dining party off at the door as a good boy should do and then drove around the tiny parking lot that was amassed with cars with no open spot for me.
Hell, I even found a spot and some jerkoff swung into the spot I was clearly waiting for (blinker on and all).
So, 15 minutes later a spot finally opened up and boom...time to drink.
We were seated immediately and Eno Vino has a nice look.
it is decorated well and was very inviting.
Now, I just want a drink.
Waiter....waiter...hey, where is the waiter?
Unfortunately the waiter did not come for our drink orders at least 10 minutes (if not longer) after we were seated.
This was disappointing especially after the labyrinth of cars I had just maneuvered through (not to harp on parking but, people who park in places that are not stalls should die).
Well, he finally came and although I do love wine I was not in the mood.
Crown Royal for me tonight.
After the waiter finally arrived the service was good for the rest of the night.
My meal was very delicious.
To start the Bruschetta was both amazing and eh.
Depends on what one you had.
For example, the Fresh Mozzarella was very good.
The Brie one however was not.
After the Bruschetta the meals arrived and i ordered MY OWN meal not to be shared as that is how I roll.
I want what I want and it is mine...sorry plate pickers and appetizer hogs.
I had an order of the Day Boat Scallops that were delicious.
I found it odd that it came with French Toast but it worked.
Along with that, because I am a pig, I tried the Skirt Steak (kinda like make your own tacos) and while everything was very very good I feel it could have used something more like sauce or something.
But it was very good.
So, overall Eno Vino was Ok.
I did not hate the place and did not love it either.
Would I go back there for dinner, probably not but I would go sit at the bar while munching a few things and sipping some wine as long as I can find a parking spot.

The seared sesame tuna.
arg.
sosososososososo good.
And the hanger steak just melts in your mouth.
I'm pretty positive everything they make here is stellar.
As in, it's not in their capacity to make a bad dish.
Their wine list is awesome as well.
I would draw hearts all around Eno Vino if I could.

A coworker and close friend absolutely loves this place, and to be honest, I didn't fully appreciate Eno Vino until very recently.
Now I'm a fan.
Yes, the parking situation S-U-C-K-S big time.
If you can score a parking spot in that lot, go buy a lottery ticket, because you my friend, are lucky.
But once you've found your way into Eno, you're guaranteed to have an excellent experience.
The drink selection is top notch, although beer offerings are a bit lackluster, which is ok as this is not a beer bar.
It's a wine bar/upscale drinks establishment.
The bartenders are amazing - friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, and they make a mean drink.
Prices are reasonable, especially during happy hour.
The food is stellar as well - try the fried calamari.
The calamari strips are huge - almost like chicken fingers - and they're always tender and perfectly cooked.
Flatbread pizza is solid, as are the other offerings.
The only thing I'd skip in the future is the cheese plate... it wasn't up to par with the other foods.
Service from the waitstaff is just as you'd expect from an upscale joint like this.
Attentive, timely, and completely professional.
Win, win, win.
Eno Vino = WIN  Service = 4 stars Food = 4 stars Drinks = 4 stars Misc = 4.5 stars (nice ambiance, great professional-type crowd)

Everything was delish here!
Been to this place few times, and I've got nothing to complain about.
The menu choices were extensive, quite creative and innovative.
I love how they combined tastes of different cultures, and still maintain the best quality and tastes.
My faves are the grilled kurobuta pork medallions, the cheese platter, steamed PEI mussels, and the chicken skewers.
I love the ambience, the wide selection of cocktails (great martinis) and wines, and the fact that I can order many different things in small portions (be careful, though, you may spend too much money that you intended to do).
It's best to come to this place with big groups, that way you get to share things.
But make sure to make reservations.
Eno Vino may be the best thing about living in Madison!

Crowded, noisy, expensive --  but if you can get past that the place has a certain charm and a decent wine list.
We just went here for a drink.
Tab for 6 was $61, and I just didn't sense the value or enough charm.
Buy 2 bottles of wine and drink them at the arboretum.

Disclaimer: I've only been for the drinks, and I've never sampled the food.
On the drinks alone, this place gets two stars.
The mixed drinks are weak, albeit pretty good tasting.
I've sampled a number of different drinks, and none blew me away.
The happy hour prices are a nice deal (all day sundays, m-f 4-7).
You get $2 off wines by the glass and $ 2 off "modest sippers.
"  There are also food deals.
****One big annoyance....which is a minor thing, but unbelievably stupid policy on their part.... they don't "do" happy hour if you want to sit outside.....WHY?!
You have a large outdoor seating area (which looks out on the parking lot....), but you won't give the $2 off drinks outside....I've thought about it, and I just don't get the policy here.
Is it really not worth your time to just have a server walk the extra 10 feet outside?
It just seems stingy.
If i'm paying four bucks for your watered down sugar drinks, just let me enjoy it outside as I admire the all those pretty cars that your upscale wine bar looks out on.
This place is filling the classy, wine bar niche in the otherwise beer-saturated Madison.
If you're looking at exploring some wines, and have some cash, give it a whirl.

My friends and I like to get together after work whenever we can and Eno Vino is one of our favorites!
We're all fans of wine, though none of us claim to be experts, and we love trying different wines each time.
Ok, on to the food!
So MY personal favorites have been the brie and apple bruschetta and the fresh mozzarella bruschetta, as well as the four cheese flat bread pizza.
Being a slightly picky eater, those are primarily my go to items.
Another thing I love is the outdoor seating.
I don't think there are enough places in Madison that offer outdoor seating so that's always a big plus for me!
I'm always looking for an excuse to go there and I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!

Cool place, reminds me a lot of some wine bars I used to go to in California, except without the insane crowds.
Prices very reasonable.
They do pour their liquor judiciously so just be aware of that.

Way fun, way yummy, way fancy.
In the arena of fine dining in Madison, this place is one of those outliers that is not right next to the capitol.
It is about 8 miles west in Middleton.
My mother swooped into town to ease my broken heart.
An evening at Eno Vino with my mom and a gf fit the bill....well it didn't hurt.
Taste buds dance in delight, food looks like art, and you just melt into your seat.
Get the fondue thing for dessert.
Swoon.
See pic.

Their Sea Bass and Scallop dish with verjus is the best thing I've ever eaten.
Two words: Tomato Jam.
It is not cheap, but worth the money.
I look forward to returning and highly recommend it.
I tried foie gras for the first time ever and was impressed.
Both times I have been here (had the Sea Bass and Scallop dish both times... it's THAT good) we tried a cheese plate.
The first time we asked our server what kind was good and she suggested the Bellavitano.
I still feel like I owe her for this.
A friend and I joke that Bellavitano brings people together.The second time we had that and the Moody Blue.
Also a find.
If you are looking for a quality, delicious dinner and are not concerned with the price, Eno Vino is your answer.

The first time I went here, I'll admit I came in with a bit of an attitude, since it's in a strip mall near Target.
I was pleasantly surprised and have been back since.
A great place for a date or to go with a group of friends because the dishes encourage sharing.
And they have a great wine & cocktail list.
Very fun for a night out, and beautiful ambiance.

I have been coming to Eno Vino off and on (been in and out of the state for years) for about 5 years!
I've always loved this place!
First off: they have one of the most amazing selections of wine AND liquor I've seen from any place I've been to in Wisconsin, Hawaii and all over Europe.
They have not only a good variety, but all good-quality liquor.
They don't waste their time with the crap.
Second, they have well-made drinks (mostly martinis) and the service and ambiance is very nice.
I often get the Espresso Martini, and I've never found a restaurant that does an Espresso Martini that well!
They have excellent Portobello Ravioli as well as Spicy Calamari.
These are foods you can find elsewhere, but they do the same or much better here (the Ravioli is unique and absolutely wonderful!
)  As of a year or so ago, they've expanded the restaurant to give it about 20-30% more floor area.
That's very nice, especially for nights when it's packed (Wednesdays and Thursdays tend to be busy).
I always come back!!!
-  Jordan www.freshphotography.us

Our favorite place in Madison, and no wonder.
The food is some of the best in town, easily in the top five.
The bar is classy but comfortable .
you'll hear "chill" music like Thievery Corporation while you sip a well-chosen wine or cocktail.
It's often best to eat in the bar and sample from the tapas-style menu.
Highly recommend the chilean seabass and scallops .
I don't know how they do it, but their scallops are some of the best in the midwest.

Previously posted on Open Table - from a dining experience on 5/22/10  We have enjoyed a number of meals with Eno Vino.
In this visit, my date and I both had the chef's specials - prosciutto wrapped salmon for me, and kobe steak for her.
We started with an appetizer of tempura battered shrimp.
Everything was quite good - her steak was amazing.
The service however was disappointing.
Despite a clear message to our waitress that we were not in a hurry and wished to take our time (and with many open tables - no need to turn ours quickly) - we went from drinks to appetizer to dinner in less than 30 minutes.
Somehow we felt a little cheated - the experience not quite as enjoyable as it would have been if we could have lingered over things and had some space in between.

We always had great food and great service here.
It can get pricey with wine.
To save money get one tapa per person and then fill up on a flatbread pizza to share.
Used to be one of my favorite places to eat until my wife developed an allergy to crab, now we can't really eat there anymore since they apparently use the same tongs for their crab cakes, and the other dishes (even the steak) and were unwilling to make changes to accommodate her allergy :-(

Excellent selection on the menu.
We haven't had anything like what we ordered before, but it was superb!
Most things are meant to be shared.
Great way to spark conversations.
I plan to return soon.

Love the tapa style menu, always a fun thing to do with friends.
Definitely not something I can afford to do often, but it is always a treat to introduce people to.
I usually order one or two items for the table at a time to set the pace, but it is definitely hard to choose which items to try.
Lots of options for vegetarians.
Fun cocktails, lots of choices, and they can pretty much make anything you ask for whether it is on the drink menu or not.
I like the spacey, dark, modern, comfortable atmosphere - you feel totally secluded from the outside world.
What is important to note is that the sea food is particularly good for being served in Madison.

Took the mr. here for his birthday this weekend.
Was a little disappointed that my OpenTable reservation was not in their system although I had a confirmation.
We were still seated without delay,but I won't get my points for the reservation.
Started with cocktails, which were solid and not exceptionally overpriced.
The bread and roasted red pepper spread arrived promptly, and were both delicious.
Actually, service overall here is very good- prompt, friendly but not intrusive.
We ordered crab cakes, chicken skewers and a four-cheese flatbread.
At $16.00, the crabcakes were disappointing, to be honest.
They were delicious, but were also the size of a large strawberry- definitely not enough to share.
The chicken skewers were delicious, with thai ketchup and cilantro lime sauce for dipping, accompanied by three pork wontons-yum!
The four-cheese flatbread was decptively simple- and was the mr.'s far and away favorite.
I have been here before with girlfriends, and actually think that Eno Vino is more fun for ladies' night than date night.

Eno Vino is an inviting experience.
When you first approach you will bypass an outdoor iron chair clad patio type area(in warmer climates) which overlooks nothing but a parking area........
But upon entering, you are greeted with a gorgeous dark long bar, dimly lit atmosphere, vast walls of wine and wine lockers (for patrons who can reserve or purchase and keep their wines)and a welcoming entourage.
The Tapas are without a doubt fine dining.
Take the time to gander the online menu and you may see what is in store.
I have tried most of the selection over my frequent visits and am never disappointed with the quality of excellence.
Eno Vino's Happy Hour is one of thee best around with specialty drinks and popular (but not ordinary) food items available.
You must make the trip at least once.
But you will be back.
I thank my son (who is a regular) for introducing me to this experience that you must indulge in.
To sum it up...Eno Vino is a quiet softly lit tapas restaurant with exquisite wines, outstanding food and ambiance beyond compare.
Highly recommend and a great place to take a date!

After reading so many positive reviews, I expected much more from this place.
While the dish presentations were attractive and the flatbread was pretty good, the rest of our experience was unimpressive.
There are many other restaurants I would visit before considering a return to Eno Vino.

Coming into this I wasn't expecting much.
My buddy questioned why I'm going for wine when Wisconsin is known for beer and dairy.
However, I was pleasantly surprised with the great food, service, and atmosphere.
The tapas style here is perfect for sharing for groups of 2-3.
Every item we tried was enjoyable - Truffled fries - mixed bruschetta - sea bass & scallop - hanger steak & cheddar risotto - thai chicken flat bread - creme brulee  The martinis were a little on sweet side but strong.
The server was enthusiastic, friendly and informative without being overbearing.
I'm glad to have found this gem.
(avg $50-60 a pop with drinks, tax & tip)

Upscale, nicely lit, sensual setting serving a variety of interesting small plates.
Very big city like space in the west side of Madison.
I enjoyed the Sweet Chile Calamari fries and a long list of their other small plates (memorable ones include the Pheasant, diver scallops, ahi-poke, hanger steak)  Also, amazing cold water lobster bisque (but probably better of sharing it - it is rich and filling)  They also have a long list of wines and drinks including the amazingly dessert-like Peanut Butter Martini or the flaming S'mores martini!
They have really nice desserts as well  - with a hearty chocolate fondue included (it is large -- good for 3 people) as well as a molten lava cake and a great creme brulee!
Note -- it can get a bit pricey as the tapas add up, so be warned!
:-)  Bon appetit!

Eno Vino is one of my favorite spots to go.
It is a great place to go for some fun martinis and appetizers.
I've had numerous entrees and appetizers off the menu and have never been disappointed.
Ambiance is great and they do a fine job with large groups.
It can be a bit of a wait for a table on a weekend evening, but you can usually find a spot near the bar and order some food and drinks until your table is ready.
Top notch place!

Food is great!
Try the flank steak, the fondue, the bruschetta's, really the whole menu is a can't miss!
Also, not on the drink menu is a Suite 9...it's basically a muttled strawberry mojito, and is really really good!
No other place has this!
By far a best of Madison!

I was and still am very impressed with the food,wine selection, an great service @Eno vino, A very nice greeting and host to start it off, Very classy darkly lit atmophere sets the mood while deliciously wonderful smells fill the room.
Service was second to none.
Personal ipad for the wine selection makes for a easy and tech savey way to browse they're magnificiant wine selection.
As for the food ,every single dish has its own uniqe flavor , with each dish you are set on " this is my favorite" but as the next plate comes you realize "wait no this is my favorite".
The price is jus right,maybe alittle pricey for some but you definently get what yu pay for that's forsure.The service is very knowledgeable and very helpful.To me its what classy resturaunt should be.
One of my favorite places in WI.Id definently recomend it to everyone!

LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the braised pork belly.
It was so indulgent yet so incredible on top of its smoked gouda biscuit, topped with a fried egg.
It left us wanting more.
Oh, it was so good.
We also had the duck duet but weren't quite as impressed.
Maybe we're just not fans of duck.
I don't know.
The wines were good with a nice variety.
We particularly liked the Saviah "The Jack" from Columbia, Washington (2008 vintage), which is  a blend fashioned after Bourdeaux in France but much less stuffy and much less austere a wine than the Frenchies offer.
We were fortunate to be there during happy hour, which gave us a discount on each of our glasses of wine.
We were really happy about that!
The ambiance is dimly lit (the bartenders even needed a small flashlight to see or look for something), but warm nonetheless.
I wouldn't change a thing.
The service was attentive, polite, and pleasant.
I definitely want to make this a must-see stop whenever I visit Madison.

This place is excellent!
Fun atmosphere, great wine list and incredible food!
The one thing I always order to start out with is the bruschetta, it's the best I've had anywhere.
The braised pork ribs are also excellent and if the duck confit crepes are on the menu, you MUST order them.
I've been here three times and each time was a 5 star experience!

Love this place.
The food  and drinks are always good and the service is always great.
Fun place for a date night.

I'll admit, I wasn't excited about the idea of going to Eno Vino.
I'm not really a Tapas kind of guy as I picture a fufu plate with already small servings that I now have to share.
My wife suggested it many times and I regularly leaned against it.
Wow, what a bone-headed move that was...I've unfortunately been missing out on something great.
I found myself enjoying each plate that we ordered.
I found the flavors were original and complex and really did enjoy it.
We ordered three main items, the bruschetta, chicken on sticks (my term, not theirs), and Pork Belly.
In addition to these items, the bread / garlic butter that is served with the meal was also great.
We also had the Red Velvet cake for dessert, which was also good.
When we were leaving, my wife said we should come here more often and I responded with "how about next Friday".
I walked away full and excited about this new found dinner destination.

4.5 stars!
I'd give it 5, but for a wine bar, I don't think they change the wine by the glass menu often enough.
I really want to give Eno Vino 5 stars.
I've been here more times than I can count, and it is a MUST if you are in the Madison area.
Excellent food/wine/service/ambiance.
All dishes are well crafted and tasty.
Every night they feature flavored butter, all are fantastic.
I especially like when they sereve whole grain/mulit grain bread.
My favorites are the portobella ravioli.
I'm not a pasta fan, but this ravioli is excellent, love the foie gras on top and sauce.
rich and dlelish.
seared ahi is one of the best.
sometimes I skip the crostini which leaves the ahi is on top of endive.
Ahi poke is super as well.
The new prep is the best they have offered yet.
Sea bass and scallops is excellent.
Perfectly crisp edge on sea bass.
Petite fillet with portobella is outstanding, the goat cheese pancakes are one of a kind.
I'm not a big meat eater, but the short ribs are also fantastic.
If you get the lox bruschetta, ask for it on a crostini instead of baguette they serve it on.
baguette is too much bread for lox.
I've never had a dish I didn't like, and I've eaten at Eno more than I can count.
The flat breads are fantastic, but they have so many excellent dishes, I'd rather not order it.
The service is always fantastic.
Jorge is simply the best!
Dessert, the red velvet cake is super.
Light and tasty.
I do miss the chocolate trio they used to offer.
Highly recommend Eno Vino.
Excellent food, wine (especially by the bottle) and service.
You wont find this experience anywhere else in the Midwest.
If you want great food, wine, servivce, and ambiance, Eno Vino is a great place to be

This, my friends, is where you take a woman if you're hoping for a second date.
And a third.
etc.
This place is pricey, yes.
Its worth every penny.
I had a wine there and I've never been able to find again.
Its a sparkling white with definite sweet pear overtones.
If anyone can help, please please write me.

My fiancé and I ate here tonight after reading such good reviews.
This place does not disappoint.
Before I go into specifics, I'll say this: we've lived in NYC, DC, Philly, and Boston over the last 6 years and this place is as good as some of the best tapas bars in NYC.
The best part: being in a small town means you aren't dining in the next couple's laps like in NYC.
We had the bruschetta to start - all four that we tried were amazing.
I wasn't so sure whether I'd like the apple and fig but it was delicious - not too sweet and it paired well with the other types of bruschetta.
My fiancé had the Kinda Blue cocktail and he honestly said it was one of the best cocktails he'd ever had.
Every dish we had was delicious.
My favorites include the stuffed piquillo peppers and the hanger steak.
Portions were perfect - usually we leave hungry from tapas bars, but I was happy-full when we left.
Please try it out - well worth the price =)

Very unique Italian Tapas & Vino restaurant.
Liked the wine list on an iPad, quartino servings in a wobbly glass and cocktail list (particularly the Gin Yummy).
The server recommended 2 dishes per person, but I'd say you really need 1 1/2.
Easy to share.
We ordered 9 different dishes and  enjoyed the flank steak, bacon fries and goat cheese appetizer the best!

Eno Vino has slid downhill BIGtime.
It used to be one of the only westside places that could kinda pass as a big city wine-bar....but the shortcuts they are now taking are embarrassing.
Just one example: the "cheese plate" tapas had a slice of Target quality brie with enough to cover 2 water crackers, which is astonishingly what they choose to serve it with.
The other cheese is of similar quality and they serve it with a bunch of grapes that maybe were on the shelf at Target for 6 days past their sell-date.
The pear was sliced well though, jeesh.
As for the atmosphere, whatever you do, don't go on Badger's game nights, for the clientele act like they could be at a drunken tailgate, obnoxious and loud, bumping into you like you're in a sports bar.
They are slacking and it shows, maybe the drunks wearing all red won't notice, but if you're going there for a chic opportunity to dress up and act like a grown up, look elsewhere.

Decadent perfect Tapas ( non Spanish) prepared by Chefs who are true Chefs.
I had the honor on my last visit to meet the Chef who created the Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with Jalepeno Polenta accompanied by Blackberry reduction and Sweet Potatoe curls.
There were or never will be words to describe this masterpiece.
The Pork is cooked to your specifications and the Polenta has the perfect flavor of the afore mentioned Pepper.
Its creamy sublimeness melts in your mouth and makes you moan with pleasure.
The young chef who created the dish was humble and honest in his passion.Affter meeting him I knew I can never dine anywhere but here for genuine (sorry for the comparison) but" Iron Chef" Style Perfection.
If you are in dire need of experiencing the most amazing food in Madison, if you are a true foodie, do not hesitate to discover Eno Vino.
I know for a fact that One of thee most talented True Chefs is located here.
So many of ENO Vino's creations are beyond words.
(note to Taylor) you rocked as our server Thank you so much!

The BEST place and my favorite restaurant!
Tapas to vino!
The Thai Chix pizza is out of this world to the ahi tuna to everything in between!
Great place to take clients and/or just hang out with friends & family!
Highly recommend!!

Best upscale restaurant on the west side of Madison.
Love the electronica music.
Was a wonderful place for my birthday and we've gone with groups which was fun as well.
I always wear earplugs because it gets busy and noisy.
We eat in the restaurant and they serve tapas.
Kind of pricey but always worth it.
The dishes are served architecture style--very decorative and arty.
The comment about this being the place to take a woman if you want a second or third date is true!

My friend and I really enjoyed our meal.
We got the bruschetta (beef tenderloin, genoa salami, and smoked salmon), the roasted asparagus soup (the soup du jour), the calamari sticks (pretty good, though kinda greasy, and my friend and i were confused as to how the calamari was shaped like mozzarella sticks), and the pork belly (AMAZING).
i had a beautiful glass of cotes du rhone, and my friend got a white russian, which he claimed was a little short on kaluha.
we weren't expecting to be full, but we could barely walk out of there!

The blackened mahi mahi and beef tenderloin wrapped in bacon was made to perfection!

Been here twice and liked it both times.
The salads and flatbreads are good.
Tapas - the ahi poke and the hangar steak are good.
Tried the jean-luc colombo chateauneuf-du-pape which was excellent.

One of my two favorite restaurants in this world!
Amazing small plates...can't go wrong here.

If tapas style small plates, a huge wine list, great service and an atmosphere you'd be surprised to see in Madison, WI entices you... you need to try this place.
Trust me.
Yes, it's tucked in the corner of a strip mall looking building... in Middleton, WI... next to a Panera Bread... but still, just trust me.
You'll love it.

We went here last week with another couple.
Most of the food was tasty but some weren't that great for me.
It was loud and hard to hear the server, and the service was very slow.

Oh man.
If you have a special occasion evening that requires a fancy place to eat, THIS IS THE PLACE.
Every time I come home to Madison from California I stop in with my fiance.
It's just so good.
We love everything about it here.
One of our favorite things is getting the combination of 4 bruschetta.
Every bite is an incredible combination of flavors with sweet and savory items to try.
It might not be on the square or where you would expect such a great place to be located but I guarantee it will be one of the best places you eat in the state of Wisconsin.

Outrageously overpriced.
I can only imagine that some of my fellow reviewers were tanked on wine when they wrote their glowing reviews, because the food is downright lousy.
My girlfriend and I had the soup of the day (chicken rice and curry, which was fine), and a decent salad.
But then the tapas started.
First, green beans, which were in a delicious sauce but were severely undercooked.
Then, the flatbread, which is an awful way to waste $17.
It was a chewy, flavorless affair that left us salivating for a $2 frozen pizza back at home.
Then the Hangar Steak, which was also undercooked, lukewarm, and utterly bland.
It came paired with an unappetizing and -- brace yourself -- undercooked risotto!
Everything needed pepper, yet none was forthcoming.
It seemed the wait staff was too busy obliging other tables' requests to uncork another bottle of wine.
With drinks and tip, we taught ourselves a $95 lesson: don't eat here again.

One of my favorite area restaurants, but a bit pricey, if that scares you.
Absolutely the best grilled cheese sandwich in the world (served with an outstanding tomato bisque soup).
The Carpaccio and foie gras and seared ahi are all great for a Madison restaurant.
The pork belly was way too fatty for my tastes.
Beautiful ambience, terrific bar and wine flights.
I think they're trying too hard to be hip with the IPad drink menus, but the technology-challenged might be impressed.

Okay guys.
Eno Vino IS as good as everyone says it is.
First things first: Make.
Reservation.
Even if it's just a random Wednesday night in April, this place will be packed.
My boyfriend took me here for my 25th birthday and we had a delightful experience.
The wine was fantastic--I got the Cloudy Bay(?
) Sauv Blanc.
And the tapas were perfectly staggered.
Dishes to note:  Sea bass and Scallops, the Gruyere cheese (for the cheeseboard), crab cakes, and bruschetta.
The ambiance is a bit lounge-y (low-lighting, etc), but if you're looking for something intimate I would request a table in one of the back rooms as the main dining room can get a little noisy.
The service was perfect, our waiter was knowledgeable, friendly, but also succinct (crucial!).
I absolutely cannot wait to go back.

Be warned and definitely ask your server about plate sizes.
While Eno Vino say they're tapas style, some of the plates my boyfriend and i ordered definitely could have been shared by 3 people!
As far as the food goes, I give it 4 stars.
Everything was really good except for a steak dish we got, which was pretty disappointing because it was $22, and well, steak!
It just didn't have great flavor.
And the chicken skewers were slightly over cooked - but the second part of that plate was very tasty.
We didn't do wine, we both ordered cocktails instead.
I thought they were priced very reasonably - $6 or $8 - and were delicious.
Especially the balsamic one!
And the service was great!
So besides 1.5 eh dishes, my boyfriend and i had a great time and would definitely go back if we were in the area.

Wow!
Great wine, great food!
My fiance and I went out on a date here last month and enjoyed everything!
The food is exactly like the tapas we were hoping for.
We both treated ourselves to a rather expensive glass of wine and had a great time!
It was one of the best nights out in a while.
Regarding food, I highly recommend getting the beef tenderloin bruschetta was marvelous.
I wish we had ordered a whole plate of it.
This place is classy and the food quality matches the price paid--so don't be shy ordering extra dishes.
We ate outside on a warm night and the atmosphere was great--a parking lot view, but still just right.
A note to men: if you are looking to treat your lady to a classy yet mildly casual dinner--I'd highly recommend this place.

Eno Vino is what a wine bar is supposed to be--good atmosphere, a wide selection of interesting wines, and fun food.
While a few of the menu items are only average, most of the things I have tried are well above average.
I would come back here again just to have the truffle fries, let alone a chance to take another shot at the cheese board!

Eno Vino has a wonderful atmosphere and generally delicious food, along with possibly the most phenomenal and well-organized wine cellar in Madison.
The wait staff are full of charisma and charm, able to comment intelligently and entertainingly on any menu or drink item.
The big problem that prevents me from giving them a complete rave is their prices.
This is a "small plates" restaurant, where you should plan to order four or five items to share rather than individual entrees.
That is fine when the plates are $8, $12, or even $15 for something fancy.
It's another story when three scallops put you back over $20!
My portion of the bill for a recent party of six people was over $90 - and remember this is only my 1/6th of the bill.

Great service and the food was delicious, quite pricy but you get what you pay for.
I highly recommend everyone start off with their own bowl of lobster bisque - absolutely delicious.
Not only are the foods good, the drinks are amazing.
Favorite has got to be the Lychee Martini, a cute touch of a lychee over the drink.
If you go in the late evening, stay away from their pizzas.
Absolutely gross... thats the only part where I would give it a poor rating if that was what they actually served.
Overall, love it.

I dine at Eno Vino regularly.
There food is amazing, the atmosphere is perfect, good music, comfortable seating (dining room, cocktail section, bar), the staff is very friendly & knowledgeable.
Overall Eno is my favorite restaurant and I would recommend it to anyone.

All is great at this place: delicious food, great service, nice atmosphere - but for the amount of food you get... this place is outrageously overpriced.
If you go there and actually have some food - expect to have an expensive bill...

I used to rave about Eno Vino to fellow foodies but I have officially taken it off my list of favorite restaurants.
The past three times I've been there food has been sub par and way too much money to lack in quality.
It's the little things their kitchen staff is messing up on: burnt crab cakes, soggy flatbread, overcooked steak.
I never minded forking over the money before for this strip mall treasure but 3 consecutive fails!
Never again.
Sorry guys get your s*** together.
In the meantime, just stick with cocktails at the bar and don't pay $21 for soggy flatbread.
My $6 frozen pizza I had later that night was crispier.
Madison has far too many fantastic restaurants to settle.

Love everything about this restaurant.
If you want a quiet, more intimate atmosphere, ask to be seated in the wine locker area behind the bar.
The wine list is impressive, service excellent and the food delicious.
Some of our favorites:  Seared Day Boat Scallops, Grilled Hangar Steak,  Stuffed Piquillo Peppers.
Can't wait to try the rest of the menu

Food was absolutely amazing, great wine selection, and stellar service.
Next time I'm in Madison, I'll be back!

I have been going to Eno Vino since it opened.
If you are looking for a top notch wine bar this is the place to go.
They sell more wine than any other bar/restaurant in Madison.
They have a huge selection that can't be matched anywhere else.
The food is exceptional compared to most places in Madison.
I'm suprised to hear people have complaints about the food.
I have dined here hundreds of times and if you want my suggestions on small plates that will never let you down try these: 1)  Seared Sesame Tuna 2)  Sea Bass and Scallops 3)  Thai Chicken Flatbread 4) Littleneck Clams Give this place a try and you'll be hooked.

I get to Madison a couple times a year and we are always looking for a new place to run up the expense account.
Eno Vino can certainly deliver a pretty swanky meal.
We had a couple of good bottles of wine accompanied by some great dishes.
As others have said the beef tenderloin was awesome as was the Sesame Tuna.
What confused me a little was the portion size.
We asked our server if the servings were really a tapas style, small plate type of thing and she said yes, order 2-3 small plates per person.
We ended up with way too much food, the servings were pretty good sized.
I am use to tapas being very small plates and sharing them with the table.
This place seems to have almost entry sized portions.
I would suggest ordering a couple to get started and then placing another order if you are style hungry.

Tapas......oh tapas.....
The good the bad and the ugly:  Everything we ordered (minus the chicken satay) were all impeccable.....but the wait in between got my mouth watering so much for the next dish that it was hard to contain myself.
it was also too bad that our dinner-mates that opted to go sans-tapas and more the traditional entree course were left waiting with empty plates while we were delivered several dishes.
The delicateness of the oxtail strudel, the delicious bruchetta, fried spicy calamari, were amazing.
The tuna tartare was not impressive and the chocolate fondue was just plain chocolate syrup.
$16 for lukewarm chocolate syrup was ridiculous.
Although we extremely disliked a few things.....at least we know now what to avoid and we will definitely be back because the dishes we DID like......were AMAZING!
And well worth another trip!

Eno Vino is by far my favorite restaurant in the Madison area.
It beats out all the hot spots surrounding the Capital and State Street.
As a result, my fiancee and I became regulars at this place.
Eno Vino is a tapas-influenced Italian restaurant/winery.
It offers a wide variety of small plates, flat breads, and wines, and the menu changes each season (with the more popular items staying on).
This was good for us because, as regulars, we wouldn't get bored of the same small plates each time we dined at Eno Vino.
My favorite small plates are the braised pork belly, the hangar steak, and their different styles of scallops.
I'm also a huge fan of their free bread.
What makes it good is that each time I've been there, the spread/pastes have been different and delicious.
I highly recommend Eno Vino.
You'll have a great experience with food and quality service.

We really love this place.
Came a few years ago and came back recently for happy hour and dinner.
Tapas are a bit larger so really good for sharing.
They now have their wine menu on an iPad so you can check out pairings and details.
Loved the food.
Amazing seared tuna and sea bass special.
Great presentation of the lobster bisque.
Amazing tomato soup with little grilled cheeses.
Good attentive service.
Loud and really dark; had a hard time reading the desert menu.
Great food!!!
Note: You have to actually be sitting in the bar to get hapy hour prices, you can't be in the dining room and the bar definitely gets packed.

Just about my favorite Madison-area restaurant.
Food is always good and they always have delicious martinis.
The ambiance is perfect for date night or a night out with the girls, or even a classy night out with a group of friends.
The staff is excellent.
They take the time to make sure you have a great experience and give great recommendations.
I go there any chance i get.

Filling the wanting fine dining gap on the far west side, Eno Vino has been a delightful if expensive treat for the two years I've been eating there.
With its impeccable presentation and wide variety of food, combined with a large wine by the glass list, my taste buds have rarely been disappointed.
The only possible flaw is that the portions vary wildly across the menu items, but asking your server and multiple visits easily solve that problem.
Whether I want to extravagantly entertain with a half dozen dishes or be more reasonable with two to three larger items, Eno Vino is a perfect place to relax and think about nothing but food.

This place is an absolute must try!!!!
If you like innovative food, more selections of wine than you can count, great signature drinks, and top notch service, not to mention the ambiance is great for a girls night out or a definite date night, You must try Eno Vino...My boyfriend and I are regulars here and love, love, love it!!

Great food and service...best meal I have had since arriving in the Madison area in april..get the pork belly..oxtail..just try everything..you will not be disappointed.
The service was outstanding as well as a massive wine list..will definitely be back

A huge thank you to the wonderful Eno staff for hosting Yelp's Social Hour this week.
I had a fabulous time (kicking my friend's butt at the one-person tricky triangle game..harhar) trying out the Happy Hour menu and enjoying the relaxing, buzz-happy atmosphere.
The food was fantastic.
For a wine bar, Eno definitely has all the finger food-y goodness of a neighborhood pub - but with three times the class and five times the number of items on the menu.
;) My friends and I split the calamari and the spicy shrimp & andouille pizza.
My friends ravedddd about the calamari, but I think I was mostly amused by the shape of the calamari fries.
I was actually much more impressed by the combination of seafood and sausage on the pizza.
I also ordered the strawberry&peach fresh enofusion martini.
I probably drank it much faster than I should have - seriously, an adult beverage in a...martini glass shaped.... juice box.
The service was extremely attentive and patient (i always take forever to decide on menu items at a new place..).
Plus, I can always appreciate a restaurant manager who greets their regulars by name.
(:   I will definitely be back to try out the full menu.
See you soon, Eno!

Who loves wine?
THIS GIRL *points to self*  When you get to Eno Vino, you'll feel like you died and went to wine heaven.
Srsly, the wines are amazing!
If I had the dollah billz, I'd be here every week.
I love that they have a sommelier on site, so you get the best recommendations in the hizzy.
If you're someone like me, who drinks what you can get your paws on, you'll love the enormous selection and excellent picks.
Don't be deterred by "wine bar" if your a beer boy either.
They've got beer too!
And stunna cocktails.
Extra thanks to Ariel W for the rec of The Red Stiletto: wine, vodka, and sprite.
Why have I never thought about that before?
That went down reeeeeal smooth.
For the cibo, the plates are all made to share.
Hello?
Romantic much?
Try the fresh lump crab cakes with champagne butter sauce.
Normally, I like my alcohol in a glass-to-mouth scenerio, but woah.
That champagne butter sauce was a drizzle of scrumptiousness.

Being so close to so many office parks I can understand why this place is so crowded during Happy Hour.
And why wouldn't it be?
Skip the dive bars and go for one of the long list of tasty wines that Eno Vino offers.
There are budget-friendly wines that are still quite tasty.
The service could have been faster.
However, it was fairly busy and it wasn't unlike what I have experienced at other places during a crowded Happy Hour.
All in all Eno Vino is a good place to enjoy a good glass of wine and chill after the end of a long day.

I've been here a few times and there Are A few good dishes.
Great creme brûlée but that's it.
Service subpar and I've had to send back soured wine.
It's just super trendy which I find obnoxious.

Been there 4 times, gotten worse every time.
Definitely don't go on a Sunday, they were out of several menu items but we didn't find out until about 15 minutes after we originally ordered.
Service was meh, still up in the air about whether or not we will ever go back

Best truffle scallops on earth!
Pricey but well worth it!

Phenomenal food and ambience!

Braised pork belly -YUM YUM YUM!

It's always really great here.
Their crab cakes are to die for for and the fondu is a must!

After eating roughly half the menu and drinking one of the tastiest dark and stormy's I have ever had (the "daq and stormy"), I am pretty well convinced that this is one of the best places to eat in the Madison area.
We had: goat cheese pastries, bruschetta, truffled fries, portabella mushroom ravioli, stuffed piquillo peppers, sea bass and scallops, chicken skewers, braised pork belly, center cut fillet, and a Thai chicken flat bread.
Every single thing we had was delicious, but there were definitely a few standouts.
For me, the braised pork belly, the ravioli, and the Thai chicken flat bread were the best of the night.
I would seriously eat a pound of that pork belly.
The service was great, the atmosphere was relaxing, and the water food was great.
I will definitely be back for more!

Good wine, good food, good service - it's as simple as that.
We visited on a Saturday evening in June and sat on the patio.
In our group, we had a few different red wines and two martinis.
No disappointment there.
Food-wise, we shared bruschetta and flatbreads, both of which were delicious.
Only downsides are that the location is not very scenic (the patio faces a parking lot) and the interior lighting is super-dim, especially jarring if you were just out in the sunlight.

Just went there for fathers day and I have to say, hands down the best food we've had in Madison so far.
We've tried other restaurants such as Graze, 43 North, etc.
and they've all be hit or miss.
This place blows both places out of the water.
Sauces on the dishes are so good, I wanted to lick them clean.
Had the steak, pork belly and green beans and I would have each of them again.
Pork belly especially was extra delicious.
The owner goes around and checks on you and also brings you the check.
Who wouldn't want to give a restaurant like this their business.
If you eat here, I promise you won't be disappointed.

My new favorite place in the Madison area.
Great menu and fun wine flights.
"Small plates" each beautifully presented.
We ordered 3-cheese plate (which includes olives, grapes, apple and peat slices, sliced bread and crackers) and then picked 4 "small plates" (not so small), from calamari fries, to green beans (flaming presentation), risotto and three of the largest scallops I've ever seen.
Add a nice flan and strawberry rhubarb crisp and we were stuffed.
Emily provided great, attentive service.

I lived in Madison for a year before moving to NY a few months back.
This is by some distance my favorite restaurant in Madison...and Madison food scene is no push over.
The baked goat cheese, and the scallops are particularly memorable.
My wife, who is vegetarian, found the food excellent, particularly the truffle fries and bruschetta.
The wine flights here are famous, of course, but the cocktails were a pleasant surprise too.

One of the best meals I have ad in 2013, and perhaps all-time.
Every dish was fantastic.
Started off with a terrific waitress, Emily, who was bright and sunny without being to sacchariney.
She offered up some great suggestions.
And when we ordered the tuna suggested we add an extra portion since our group was five and likely would not have had an easy time breaking up the crostini.
Anyway, Eno Vino is small plates (couple dozen to share), plus soups, salads, and flatbreads.
Deep and high quality wine list too.
The SEARED SESAME TUNA with wasabi and endive was to die for (and I rarely use that metaphor for food).
Wonderfully deep red in color, the tuna was perfectly rare with a great outside sear atop the endive and herbed crostini.
Loved the wasabi reduction.
Great heat to go with the refreshing tuna.
Also enjoyed GOAT CHEESE PASTRIES red and golden beets, basil emulsion, smoked Hawaiian sea salt, aged balsamic, pancetta.
Beats and basil emulsion proved a perfect pairing for the soft, warm pastry.
TRUFFLED FRIES aged cheddar cheese sauce, Thai ketchup and roasted garlic aioli.
Truffle oil makes everything better.
Best fries ever.
SWEET CHILE CALAMARI FRIES shallots, olive vinaigrette and Eno Vino's red sauce.
Oh so yummy.
Calamari was perfectly cooked.
Real winner.
SEARED DAY BOAT SCALLOPS with savory french toast, truffle butter and black figs.
Also one of the best dishes of the evening.
The french toast soaked up all the truffle butter and the scallops were moist and firm, perfectly cooked.
DUCK CONFIT RISOTTO grilled seasonal mushroom, shaved parmigianno reggiano.
Good.
Weakest of a very strong lineup.
MAPLE LEAF FARM DUCK BREAST jalapeño polenta cake, blueberry and sage jam, crispy leeks.
Fabulous.
The jalapeno and the blackberry jam offered the perfect sweet and spicy combo.
The duck was so tender and moist.
YUMMMMM!
BRAISED PORK BELLY smoked gouda biscuit, tomato confit, sage mornay, fried egg.
Very good.
Love pork and sage together.
Also had MUSSELS IN CURRY.
Very good, especially the curry sauce.
Soaked up nicely with the side of bread.
I am not one to give out five stars with regularity but this was way too good to give it anything else.
Throw in our 2009 Brouilly and it was just awesome.

One of the best experiences I have ever had!
The staff was very nice, the decor was very nice, a bit dark, but very elegant.
We ordered a mix drink, and an appetizer of Chicken skewers which were awesome!!!
They come with fried pork won tons and dripping sauces that were very good.
We ended with a glass of wine from there very large selection.
I think we will be stopping in here every time we make our way to Madison.

Went here with my sister to celebrate her new job back in mid-June.
We started with the sausage, mushroom, and pepperoni flat bread, which was superb, but we had half of it boxed up (eaten for breakfast the next morning--mmm) because we wanted to try a few more dishes.
Next we tried the portobello ravioli--just fantastic.
Umami-licious, with a delectable sauce.
We also had the lamb, which was served on a jalapeño polenta cake with mirapoix.
Just delicious.
So, in short, angel choirs were singing.
We will be back.

We always love this place.
Some nights it is packed and energetic and some night's not.
This past Saturday was not, likely because of the nice summer weather.
We enjoy the wine selection, appetizers, and tapas style dining.
It is very fun to order many options and share them around the table.
Be ready for lots of taste bud tantalization!
This most recent visit we took our friends from the Chicago area.
We wondered how we could impress them with all the choices they must have in a big city.
They were impressed.
Open table reservation made it very easy to book in advance on my phone.
This place is a must for your list if you have not yet visited.

Went to Eno Vino twice.
First on Father's Day based on Yelp's recommendation and then again to celebrate a birthday.
Both times we were very satisfied with the meal.
The food is fresh, the taste is well put together.
We had the sesame seared tuna, the lamb tenderloin and duck breast.
Every dish was unique and flavorful.
One disappointment here is that they donor have sweet fruity wine that I like.
Highly recommended for special occasions.

What a fantastic gem in Madison!
My husband and I shared each plate and couldn't wait for the next!
Their crab cakes and the Korean short rib potstickers were awesome!
Fantastic wine selection as well.
We will be back!

Eno Vino is a hidden treasure.
Great wine list, excellent service (thank you Taylor!
) and small plates that each had their own unique, delicious taste.
We went on Sunday evening when select bottles were half-off----a great bargain on some unique wines.
If you're in Madison, it's worth the 15 minute drive to Middleton to experience this gem!

I was visiting Madison for work.
This place was recommended to me by some locals.
En Vino is kind of tucked away, but it's kind of better that way I feel like.
If it was downtown, you'd probably wait even longer for a table.
Excellent tapas-style selection, excellent choices of alcohol and cocktails.
Alex served us and she was great, attended to all of our stupid requests.
Kind of dark - can't really see the food I'm enjoying.
If that's the goal, they hit it on the nose.

Boyfriend and I went on vacation to Madison to get away for a bit.
He's been here before and really enjoyed it so we made plans to go.
We went on a Friday evening and had a 7:45 reservation.
We got there a little early and so had to wait a little bit (something like ten minutes, not too bad).
The decor was quite nice; very modern and lounge like although the noise level was a big turn off.
I'm guessing it was so noisy because it was fairly packed and after all, it was a Friday night.
So, we ordered:  Baked Goat Cheese: absolutely fabulous.
It was creamy yet wonderfully tomatoe-y which paired perfectly with small pieces of bread.
The marinara sauce was good even on its own and I could have quite easily polished off the whole thing by myself!
Sweet Chile Calamari Fries: These were also very nice.
I believe that the serving is meant for four people because after a few I was satisfied but there were plenty left.
The breading was great and it made it seem like you were about to dine on mozzarella sticks.
There was a little bit of heat (of course) after munching on one but I found it pleasant.
Seasonal Risotto: Ours was a Gouda based risotto.
It was probably meant for four people.
It was heavy and cheesy and I couldn't finish.
It tasted wonderful although the beef slices on top did not seem to make any sense until you taste it with a spoonful.
The beef had a slight crust on top that was salty and the meat was tender.
Braised Pork Belly: Probably my favorite dish.
At first you don't think all of the components would work but it surprisingly does.
It works best if you slice the fried egg on top in half and let the yolk dribble down a bit, The flavors were savory and probably unhealthy for you but it was sinfully good.
The tomato confit added a sweetness that was much appreciated.
Korean Short Rib Potstickers: Another favorite.
You get about five pot stickers filled with short ribs that are quite tender.
You are given a choice of three dipping sauces: a sweet, spicy plum sauce, a soy sauce reduction and a wasabi aoli.
The aoili surprised me the most because it was such a gentle, creamy heat that was most definitely tolerable to the leary.
Our waitress told us that when this item originally came out they sold out immediately.
Lemon Curd Puff Pastry: This is where it falls apart a bit.
Boyfriend makes a good point in saying that the individual components were quite nice but put together was a little weird.
I didn't like how little puff pastry was involved.
The lemon curd was very lemony which I liked but there was too much vanilla bean cream and it overwhelmed the little square (think quarter sized) of pastry.
The berry preserve was good but it got lost.
There was another square of pastry at the bottom which was very difficult to cut.
this dessert and the noise was why I only gave this restaurant four stars.
The service was average; there was a large crowd so moving around was a bit difficult since the tables were so close together.
I'm quite sure I hit several people with my relatively small sized purse on accident while trying to navigate my way to my table.
Our waitress seemed knowledgeable and made good suggestions.
I wish she had been more prompt with refilling our drinks but it was quite busy and dark so perhaps she couldn't see.
The bathrooms were interesting.
I've never been in a bathroom where large cans of hair spray and a basket of tampons were handed out as freebies.
The potpourri was nice.

Let me start out by saying that this place was lucky to get one star, and it only got one star because 1) Yelp doesn't let reviewers give zero stars and 2) the wine was good.
That being said, the food here was terrible.
In fact, I was shocked that Eno Vino had 4.5 stars on Yelp, but then I listened to the other diners around us and I'm pretty sure that their palattes weren't exactly sophisticated.
Case in point, the woman behind me asked the waiter if the pork belly was really intestines.
When he explained what pork belly was, she seemed incredibly impressed.
In fact, she even said, "Fancy!
" in a completely non-sarcastic way.
So maybe Eno Vino has an overly inflated rating on Yelp because its diners think the food is "fancy" and don't know how well-prepared "fancy" food like pork belly should actually taste?
Who knows.
Moving on to the food.
We ordered the following items: the lobster bisque, the tempura shrimp, the pork belly, and the duck confit risotto.
Let's start with the least offensive, which was the shrimp.
It was similar to tempura carry out from the corner Chinese place.
Not terrible, but nothing to make it really stand out.
It was essentially just decent fried shrimp.
Now things start getting offensive.
Let's begin with the pork belly.
It came topped with a soft cooked egg.
Our server made it a point to explain that the dish was presented with the egg on top for a reason - so the diner could cut into the egg and break the yolk so the runny yolk would infuse with the rest of the dish.
She emphasized how much the yolk complemented the rest of the dish.
I get it.
I love a runny yolk.
It's one of the reason I orderd the dish.
I was thinking eggs and bacon.
So you can imagine my surprise when I cut into the egg to find a hard cooked yolk.
Huh.
If that was all that was wrong with the dish, I could have at least forgotten about the egg and enjoyed the pork belly.
Unfortunately it was also covered in a congealed and unappetizing mornay sauce, which had clearly spent too much time on the warmer back in the kitchen.
Mornay sauce really isn't that hard to make, and for the prices Eno Vino charges, I'd expect it to be made to order.
Speaking of things that should be made to order, let's talk about the duck confit risotto.
Or, as it turned out to be, a slightly brown tasteless gluey mess with nuggets of duck.
Risotto should be creamy and just a little toothsome.
However, just like the mornay sauce and the egg in the pork belly dish, the risotto had clearly been made WELL ahead of time and warmed up.
It was mushy, gelatinous, and gluey.
No texture.
Plus it was incredibly bland.
Two thumbs down.
Time to discuss the most offensive dish of the night.
The lobster bisque.
I love lobster bisque.
It's rich, it's decadent, it's sweet and savory.
It's wonderful.
However, the lobster bisque at Eno Vino is some kind of Frankenstein bastard hybrid of canned turkey gravy and seafood stock base from a jar.
For one thing, lobster bisque should be creamy pinkish orange in color.
Not brown like turkey gravy, which is what the bisque at Eno Vino was.
I gave the bisque the benefit of the doubt and thought that perhaps the chef was trying to add depth of flavor by incorporating a dark roux.
Nope.
The bisque tasted and had the consistency of fishy canned gravy.
It also came with rubbery overcooked *crab* legs, which was interesting since it was *lobster* bisque.
But I digress.
The bisque was a fail of epic proportions.
To add insult to injury, this meal, along with a couple glasses of wine for my husband and I, still added up to about $100.
I could have complained about the crap food to my server, but what was the point?
My server recommended some of these things, so she obviously wouldn't know good food if it jumped up and bit her in the behind.
I learned my very expensive lesson at Eno Vino.
What a disappointment.

I come I to town every so often on business and this is one restaurant I keep coming back to.
Every dish is unbelievable.
The only knock I have on it is that they don't have one near my home.
Anyway the atmosphere is very pleasant and the service makes some high end manhattan restaurants feel like a Denny's.
I would eat here all the time if I could and I will eat here every time I'm in the area.
Highly highly highly recommend.

I've lived in Madison for over 5 years and this is still one of my favorites, if not the best.
Some dishes are pricey for what you get (tenderloin, crab cakes), but the flatbreads, salads, cheese plate, and other dishes are exceptional and all a great price.
If you enjoy blue cheese stuffed olives, they have the best you'll ever try.

If you've read more than a handful of Yelp reviews, you've probably run across at least one review that starts out with " I really wanted to like this place more".
Fear not gentle reader, this is not one of those reviews.
In fact, it's just the opposite.
I like this place more than I feel I should.
Despite being housed in a west side strip mall, despite no information on the sourcing of their ingredients, despite the bizarre fusion of wine bar and sports bar elements, I keep coming back.
Why, you ask?
They offer creative food with exceptional service in an intimate setting  Every time I've visited, my wife and I have left content.
And there are very few places in Madison that I can say that about.
Things I like:  * Want to feel like a rock star?
The attentive service at Eno Vino will make you feel like one.
The entire staff really seems focused on creating the best possible experience for the patrons.
More than anything else, this is keeps drawing me back.
* I adore the humble simplicity of the Charred Hot House Tomato Soup.
It may be the lowest priced item on the menu, but this dish never fails to amaze.
Intense tomato flavor that is perfectly complimented by a mini grilled cheese sandwich.
Highly recommended!
* A wine list that's twelve freakin' pages long.
It has a great mix of varietals and regions.
If you feel overwhelmed by all the choices, the servers and bartenders have offered some great recommendations.
I also recommend utilizing the wine flights as a way to sample some out of the ordinary.
*  I appreciate the wide variety of menu choices.
Usually I get nervous when I see a wide variety of cuisines represented on the menu.
But kitchen at Eno Vno does a pretty decent job of representing the various cuisines of Asia, Europe and the Americas.
When I have a disappointing dish, it's more the result of poor execution than of poor concept.
* Overall, I enjoy the ambiance.
Once I enter, I immediately forget that I'm in a strip mall.
Romantic lighting levels, the fireplace by the bar, the warm color palette of the decor make it a great date night location.
While others have complained about the noise level, I've never experienced that problem when seated at the the chef's table or the bar area.
Things I don't like:  * Black hole, meet wallet.
A couple glasses of wine, several appetizers and a dessert will likely set you back $100.
Eno Vino adheres to a quality over quantity philosophy, which you'll noticed when it comes time to pay the bill.
* For a restaurant that focuses on food quality, I'm surprised they don't indicate where they are sourcing their ingredients.
They may adhere to a farm-to-table philosophy like many of the other finer, local dining establishments, but the menu or the website does not shed any insights.
When I go to Graze, I know exactly where the items on the cheese board came from, not so at Eno Vino.
* For the love of god, ditch the TVs in the bar area.
Do you really think showing SportsCenter adds to the ambiance?
I didn't think so.
* I'm surprised there haven't been more road rage incidents in the parking lot as the strip mall patrons race each other to find an open parking spot.
Be prepared to spend time hunting for a parking spot.
Despite these imperfections, I still am a huge fan of Eno Vino.

hidden gem

More like E'Yes' Vino.
My wife and I wined and dined here for the first time this past week.
We both felt that the service, wine selection, and food was absolutely incredible.
Our experience there was one of the best we have ever had (that involved dinner, anyway).
We plowed through three tapas plates, (ahi tacos, calamari fries, and chicken skewers) and about half a Thai chicken flatbread, which was my favorite item.
The food was out quicker than we expected and all the dishes were very flavorful and not too heavy.
As with most things in life, you get what you pay for, but even though the meal and wine plowed through our wallet a bit - we will definitely be back!

Went up to Madison to visit with some friends for Halloween.
They suggested this place for dinner and as it was a bet lost by our friends we were open to dinner anywhere.
Go Buckeyes!
Dinner was great, we sampled our way through the menu and enjoyed their cocktails and food.
The only let down was the risotto which wasn't terrible just was not on par with everything else we ordered.
Started with the flatbread, then did the foie graiu which was fantastic.
Highly recommend the foie which was as good as any restaurant I have dined at.
We also tried the pheasant, tuna, duck, and I believe one other dish.
We were a party of 4 and we basically ordered every dish to share which worked out well.
Ask for a steak knife to cut a few of the dishes in half.
With 4 it's just the right size to share every dish we tried, any more than 4 I would suggest 2 of every plate.
Overall a great experience, good food, good cocktails, good wine selection.
On par with good restaurants in Chicago.

As the author of the Essential Guide to Prescription Drugs, I travel a lot doing consulting and eat out a lot.
I've eaten at the bar, at a table at the chef's table and again at the chef's table at this restaurant.
WOW.
Great meals and awesome service 4 times now.
Love any of their scallop dishes, fish is great and I probably will go back on Friday.
It's rare that someone in such a busy place remembers your name, but I returned with a business client and there was the manager Jennifer welcoming me back and remembering my name!
When I sat at the chef's table, two of the waitresses also said hi and remembered my name as well.
It's smart to get a reservation as it is busy, but any effort you make is well worth it.
The only thing I haven't tried is dessert, but they also have a strong selection of ports and other after dinner drinks.
Make the time to visit--I bet you'll go back.

Sample some wines before you commit to one and then stay the night munching and sipping.
Liked it a lot.
Very expensive.
Very trendy/hip.
Great people-watching.
Loud.
Disappointed with the pork belly after reading so many great things here.

Good time here.
Service is good, not the fastest.
Waiters outside smoking (5' from the door) swearing about their sections when we left.
That was less than impressive.

Talk about a classy, well balanced venue that, though a little tight for space at times, is a fantastic dining experience.
Their tapas style menu is to die for and you really can't go wrong with any of the selections.
My particular favorites are the chicken skewers and the filet with potato pancakes and wine reduction sauce, yummy!
Their wine selection is more extensive than most in the area and their All Natural martini is definitely worth writing home about, or, well, writing on Yelp about.
You won't be disappointed with your experience, the food, or the drinks.
And, if you're looking to save a little coin, try their flat breads.
Scrumptious, not as expensive as the rest of the menu, and you can wash it down with your favorite drink from the bar.
Enjoy!

Eno Vino is really excellent.
I've been twice this week so I guess that's saying something.
They have a great wine list to choose from, both by the glass and from the cellar--which is presented on an iPad.
A very nice full bar to boot, which in my book means a good selection of scotches.
The food is great, but remember that it is presented in an appetizer or tapas like form.
My favorite dish that I tried was the Ahi Tacos--had to have it again on the second visit.
Highly recommended.
Just keep in mind that I think Eno Vino fits more of the "great place to meet people" than the "great place for a sit down dinner" category.

Melrose Drive quality at Madison prices.
Highly recommend it for foodies and enologists!

It was good but a tad slow.
Had a bunch of different items however I only remember the flat bread (sausage and mushroom) which was ok but memorable for the over cooked crust that was hard as a rock.
Otherwise food was fine but nothing special.

I love Eno Vino.
It's a very relaxing atmosphere with nice decor.
The service here is some of the best service in the city.
They serve amazing cheese boards and desserts.
In addition to that they make the best sangria I've ever had.
The wine selection is quite extensive.
The bartenders are very knowledgeable about wines and are great at assisting with making wine and drink choices.
As an added bonus they actually have wine flights here.
Coming here can be a bit pricey, but it's well worth it.

I didn't take pictures of my yummy food because it was dark at the bar, but the food and the service are excellent at Eno Vino.
I was directed there by friends who had previously been.
It's slightly hidden in the corner of a mini-mall, but the space is deceptively big for such a small entrance.
I had a green salad with balsamic dressing, ahi tuna tacos and a bruschetta duo of salmon & roast beef.
The ahi tuna tacos are served on a crunchy shell with a dab of a creamy wasabi and a sweet chili sauce.
Those were awesome.
The good is great, but I was kind of limited because everything is small dishes and I easily hit my corporate dining max.
It's probably way more fun to bring a friend & share.
I'll be back!

Just because a there is a Wine Bar and Tapas style restaurant in Madison does not make it automatically a 4-5 star place.
Warning: this may be a bit long and as such feel free to skip down to the food review...  Service Review:  My experience at Eno Vino was pretty disappointing.
My husband and I went there for his Birthday on a Friday night.
It never occurred to us to call in a reservation because we were planning on hanging at the bar until a table was ready.
When we were greeted by the hostess, we were immediately asked if we made reservations-to which we replied no-and the hostess kindly told us it would be a 20 minutes wait and we could grab a drink at the bar.
But then suddenly some other hostess honed in on our conversation and in a very pretentious way, explained how the wait could be 'way longer than 20 minutes' and we 'could wait at the bar but if we decided to leave that would be okay'.
This immediate gave out an a vibe that we were unwanted, especially considering we didn't have a reservation.
So then we went to the bar where the only two seats available were across the bar from eachother.
We took a seat and I decided to remain standing since it was my husband's birthday and I was really fine standing.
Well needless to say that the gentleman sitting next to me greatly disapproved of this choice and casually voiced his opinion on the matter for the 20 something minutes we waited at the bar.
Ignoring that guy and focusing on our drinks, I thought they were way too sweet and pretty weak.
After a short wait we were finally taken to our table, which was in a very cold spot in the restaurant.
We has to keep our coats on our laps and scarves on because of the chill.
However, the seats were comfortable and the ambiance was soothing--until our waitress came along.
I'm not sure if she was having a bad day but she clearly did not want to be there.
Which I believe is not okay when you are going to a slight 'upscale' restaurant(relative to the other local restaurants) where the bill will be on average $100 and I am by no means obligated to tip 20%.
I use to be a waitress and I understand how a servers mood can greatly impact a customers dining experience.
We still had our drinks from the bar and so she deduced we were not going to want wine with our dinner, even though we told her we were.
So she promptly took out iPad away and left us for quite some time- only to come back and find out that we wanted the iPad to look at their wine flights.
We ordered an Italian Red Wine flight along with Bruschetta.
When the flight came out, the waitress just plopped it down and left without saying a word.
Then came back with the bruschetta and took the time to explain what was what.
Onto the food...  Food Review:  The bruschetta was okay.
The toppings were very fresh and flavorful but the bread was underdone and chewy.
After that, we decided to order the Ahi Tuna Tacos, the calamari, and the Foie Gras(I'll admit this was not the most thought out selection)  The least offensive of the thread was the Ahi Tuna tacos.
They were presented really nicely and looked absolutely delicious.
The Tuna was very fresh and tasty however they topped it with a thick and creamy slaw which was heavy-headed in the spice department.
The slaw by itself was scrumptious and the tuna taco without the slaw was delicious, however the combination together was not so successful.
The moderately offensive dish was the fried calamari.
The calamari itself was cooked very well: tender and flavorful.
However the breading was very salty and nothing really set it apart from any other fried calamari dish from other restaurants.
The biggest offense was the Foie Gras.
There are two kinds of Foie Gras: fresh Foie Gras and Foie Gras.
When we ordered Foie Gras, we were surprised to receive an very tiny amount of fresh Foie Gras smothered in a fig confit and topped with lots of apples and served over pumpkin bread.
It was so overly sweet that when it was combined with the fattiness of the Foie Grad it led to an instantaneous feeling of nausea and dissatisfaction.
We barely ate any of it and it promptly put us off the rest of our meal.
All-in-all the place is too pretentious and their food is not worth your time.
While they use fresh ingredients, I do not believe their chef is competent enough to cause so much of a hype at this restaurant.
In addition, the subpar and snooty service created an uncomfortable dining experience.

The first time I tried to come here, the wait was too long so we ended up going to Biaggis.
Second time, we made a reservation.
I went with 2 others and we ordered the tuna (so good), truffle fries (good), cheese board (okay/cute), pork belly (pretty good), and chicken satay (okay).
We couldnt decide which bottle of wine we wanted to go with so the waiter brought us 5 sample glasses for us to try and asked us for the price range we want to try as well.
It was a great experience overall.
We sat there for ~3 hours just eating, drinking, and talking.
After around 2 hours, we ordered the chocolate fondue for dessert, which was really good and nice.
Great atmosphere; I like the booths and lighting.

Love this place.
Always enjoy the food.
I try new things every time we go.
Make reservations because this place is always busy and for good reason.
Drinks are delicious.
They have good happy hour prices.
Can't go wrong!

Highly overrated*  Girlfriend and myself spent Valentines evening experiencing their 5 course meal.
To say the least, the food wasn't memorable.
What we did like was the glazed grouper.
The plate was dynamic with a collection of flavors.
What could of made it better is hot food and plates.
Their systematic approach to serving was awful.
Since everyone was recieving the same five course meal at the same time, food was plated in the kitchen then transported out to a large cold marble table.
Meanwhile, all of the servers are lined up waiting to recieve their two plates and to handoff to a new table of strangers.
Every course, a new server, it made for an impersonal experience.
But back to the food - staging hot food on a cold table so the servers move it to the tables at the same time - fail.
Flavors were close but still missed by a few notches.
Cauliflower bisque on a five course spread?
Tasted like air whipped alfredo sauce - definitely on a budget bisque.
After we made it past the salad course, flavors just got heavy and heavier.
Very Wisconsin I suppose?
We're new here and are still trying to find the diversity we had in Los Angeles.
Eno Vino is on a good path, props there.
Will we go back?
Meh, probably not.

Went for Valentine's day and had the five course meal.
The atmosphere is great and very romantic.
The food was good as was the service.
We could get two different wine pairing and chose one of each.
The elite was $20 more but it was much better.
It was about $260 with tip for the night but I consider that to be special.
I can't wait to go back and get wine flights in the lounge with some of their small plates.
I wish I could give a 4.5 but it wasn't quite at a 5 for me.
The third fish course didn't blow me away and they could have poured a little more wine for the price.
But we will be back and I would highly recommend to anyone.

Brought my friend here and we had the best time in Madison.
Great fresh food.
We had an excellent server.
We ordered the seabass and scallops.
Overall it was a wonderful evening although felt like the portions could have been larger.
Will come back again.

Great atmosphere and yummy food!
My favorite on the menu is the Hearth Oven Flatbread with Spicy Shrimp And Andouille jalapeño cream, roasted peppers and mozzarella- absolutely delicious!

Here's how a night at Eno Vino should go down.
Step 1.
Grab friends, and lots of them (they specialize in tapas, so their portions are small, but extremely share-able).
Step 2.
Dress up.
I don't mean suit and tie fancy, but also not t-shirt and jeans casual.
Put on a nice shirt and indulge a little.
Step 3.
Ask your server for drink/food recommendations, and get those.
The service here is fantastic, and all the waiters/waitresses know the menu like the back of their hands.
Your group will definitely feel like VIPs given the attentive service here.
Step 4.
Branch out, and try something interesting.
They have a huge wine list, decent cocktails and an unique food menu.
There's something for everyone, but now's a good time to be adventurous and try something new.
PS: the 007 and their mojitos are delicious.
Step 5.
Get the spicy Chile calamari, Korean short-rib potstickers and braised pork belly.
Step 6.
Enjoy your food and thank me later!

This is definitely my favorite restaurant in Madison.
The food and service were amazing.
It's a perfect place to go for a special date night and people watch if you're into that kind of thing.
We started with the Seared Sesame Tuna and the Tempura Shrimp.
Portions are generous for tapas.
My husband loved his tuna and it was cooked perfectly.
We both loved the tempura shrimp and the avacado and tomato dipping sauce were an excellent accompaniment.
We then had the braised pork belly and this dish is everything its touted to be.
I wanted to roll around on the plate, it was so good.
The only downside was the shrimp and andouille sausage flatbread.
It wasn't that it was bad, it was just that everything else was so good that it seemed like as a finisher that pizza was way too casual of food after everything else we had.
I would go with the scallops next time.
Our server was amazing and on point.
He was very attentive without being overbearing.
We would definitely come here again.
Expect to spend about $130 for two with several tapas, drinks, and tip, but I believe good food is worth it.

There were many things on fire, but don't let that or the strip mall entrance dissuade you.
The food was very well done all around, and the wine choices were inspired, even at the lower price points.

Fantastic.
I expect great food in Chicago, but you guys in Wisconsin are keeping secrets over here!
Between an appetizer with baked goat cheese and basil and an entree of scallops and black figs atop slices of French toast soaked in truffle butter, you have pretty much covered all my favorite foods.
The Sage Advice mixed drink was OUTSTANDING as well.
Kudos!
I will be back the next time I'm in Madison!

After reading reviews, I decided happy hour was the best time to go.
And it was.
They have great specials on small plates, pizzas and bruschetta wine and cocktails.
I went with the bruschetta special (2 for $8) and got the mozzarella one (more traditional) and the prosciutto with asparagus, cheese and  apricot jam.
They were both very good and large, but the prosciutto one was my favorite.
Perfect combination.
Then I went off the happy menu to the regular menu and order the crab cakes.
These were on the tinier side, but packed a great flavor.
They laid in a champagne buerre blanc with baby rocket.
I used the complimentary bread to soak up all the sauce.
Again great combination.
I had two glasses of wine and the two dishes which came out to $50.

I have a lot of friends that love it here.
If you're one of them, you might not want to read the rest of this review.
It just wasn't good.
I think the host was doubling as out server...
I can't be sure though since we only saw her twice.
A different person brought out our food every time.
The food was bad: Skunky wine, chewy calamari, soggy pizza, and most tragically, dry pork belly with pretty much zero fat on it.
The best part of the meal was a side of green beans.
I guess I really recommend getting an order of the green beans if you come here.

An almost perfect evening: we finally got a decent spring Saturday evening, so we wanted to dine outside.
We had no problem getting a table at Eno Vino (although after I dropped my wife off, the hostesses ignored her (really, girls, is that how you want to be treated when you go out?)).
If you enjoy cocktails with your dinner, this place takes cocktails as seriously as they take their wine.
We never went into the restaurant itself, but evidently they were busy.
That probably explains the length of time it took to get out bruschetta.
However, the manager saved the evening from going south.
He was attentive, and when he noticed the delay, he told us the item would be comped.
The menu is always very interesting with combinations that are original and delicious.
In addition to the bruschetta, we had the truffle fires and the special risotto (pork belly) and tempura shrimp.
We shared the cheesecake for dessert.
All were great.
We will continue to patronize this place!

Great place!
Pretty slow, as you might expect on a Monday night.
Had nice Malbec, great marinaded olives and a perfect-sized sausage and mushroom pizza.
Decor is very spiffy.
Rather hard to find the place if you're not a local.
Little strip mall right behind the tire store.
Look Arden, as it's worth searching for.
Get in here!

This place is excellent!
Great wine list and Happy Hour till 7pm.
Try the Cigar Zinfandel or the Ghost Pines blend.
Amazing!
The appetizers are great too and come out fast.
The service is incredibly good.
Don't let the outside deceive you (strip mall) because the inside is very classy, as you can see by photos.
I only give 4 stars instead of 5 because I have yet to try a majority of the food.
But I will work on that :-D

Tapas, tapas, tapas and this place makes some great ones.
My wife and I have been here before and enjoyed it but it had been quite some time ago, so we remedied that by going here on Sunday.
Lucky for us on Sundays they have "all day happy hour" so how could we not indulge ourselves.
We both love calamari and have enjoyed it here before so that was a must.
Their calamari is more of a "stick" style but it has great flavor.
My only complaint, and it's a small one, is I wish they would have drizzled some of their cilantro lime jus (I think that's what it was, the sweet sauce from the Thai chicken skewers) over the calamari to give a sweetness to match their subtle spicy flavor.
Speaking of the Thai-chicken skewers, I enjoyed them, but probably due more to their included sauces than the actual skewer itself.
We finished with a Thai chicken pizza which was really good.
I personally would have liked a little more peanut flavor as it seemed to get lost and resulted in more of a chicken pizza with jalapeño slaw and lettuce, but again I enjoyed what I had and would order it again.
The drinks we ordered were well mixed and nicely sized for an enjoyable evening for two.
If you are looking for a great place to enjoy a tapas style dinner this is a great place.
And as a man, I know sometimes men who aren't in the know about tapas and their first thought is "great, am I going to leave full?
" Yes, fellas your tummy will leave happy.

This place had earned a reputation for being a "cougar bar", but we just re-visited recently and fell in love with it again.
My tip: go on a week night for fabulous happy hour specials!
Sure it gets busy in there and you may have to wait to find a table, but people watching is part of the fun isn't it?
We didn't have much issue and our table ordered a bunch of apps to sample and share...we loved the spicy green beans and the shrimp and andouille pizza was spectacular!
Will be back again soon...maybe sitting outside next time!

