Great addition to the neighborhood.
Wonderful (homemade) soup & quiche specials every day, tasty salads, and hearty sandwiches.
The space is well done and it's also a breeze to get take-out.
I get lunch from Manna at least once/week.
My only complaint?
Sometimes their portions are a bit stingy but maybe I'm just being greedy!

Located in a modest mini-mall on Madison's east side, Manna is a hidden find for anyone craving cafe-style breakfast and brunch.
Choose from omelette and egg dishes, pancakes, quiche, baked goods, or a number of other items.
Order at the counter and find a seat, but be prepared to hover and attack a table amongst the weekend masses.
A tip: there are multiple cash registers, so don't get stuck waiting in the (usually longest) line near the door.

Since the last Ovens of Brittany closed in 2000, my wife and I have been searching for a place to get morning buns.
Needless to say, we were delighted when we discovered that Manna Cafe's sticky buns look and taste just like Ovens' morning buns!
Simply heavenly.
Their muffins, especially the berry streusel, have also become a favorite of ours.
If you're dining in, you'll find their baked goods nicely complemented by a bottomless cup of Johnson Brothers' coffee.

I loved the decor of this place.
It looked as if the place was newly renovated recently.
Inside, the atmosphere is warm and welcoming with charming wall arts surrounding the dining area.
The breakfast menu seem to focus on eggs.
There are a lot of options to choose from their 3 eggs scrambles (yes, there are vegetarian option, too).
My friend and I went there for Sunday brunch, and the place was pretty packed, and the service was bit slow.
The food itself was not that impressive despite of the big tease on the menu.
It wasn't bad, but just the average.
I prefer the omelets at Sophia's bakery.
The baked goods in the glass case looked very tempting.
Perhaps on the next try.

When the boyfriend and I decided to take a road trip to Madison to accompany (read: chauffeur) his sister to check out a possible grad school, my first thought was, "where are we going to eat?
" Manna looked adorable, so we included it on our route.
Manna is very cute.
Homey, but not too country, with a decent sized seating area and a cozier room in the back with some armchairs and also tables to eat at.
The menu is really big for a bakery-cafe type place, almost too big, as I found myself ordering without really perusing all the options.
It was cold and rainy out, so I went with a cup of the tortilla soup and the Badger Special, or something like that- basically grilled cheese and tomato.
I had a few issues, namely that the 'tortilla soup' wasn't really tortilla soup at all, or at least not like any tortilla soup I've ever had.
It was very chunky, and, well, there were no tortillas in it.
It tasted good, but was too chunky to dip my grilled cheese into.
And isn't that the whole point?
The sandwich was good, but I always forget that while grilled cheese with tomato sounds like a good idea, in reality it doesn't work.
The tomatoes get all mushy and bland, and prevent the cheese from forming that perfect melty seal.
Again, I really have only myself to blame.
When will I learn?
The boyfriend and boyfriend's sister both seemed to enjoy their sandwiches, as well as the other soup option- creamy potato with cheddar.
I tasted a bit, it was awesome.
I was sad.
If, for some reason, i ever find myself in Madison again, I'll probably try to make a stop at Manna to try some other delicious-sounding sandwich.
I'm guessing this will only happen if the sister decides on UW.
Go Badgers?

Manna Cafe is a real gem!
we need a place like this in Austin.
the food is of excellent quality as is the coffee.
in my experience, its hard to find a place that does both well.
We were at Manna for breakfast.
We had the famous oatmeal pancakes with bacon, and eggs scrambled with veggies, that came with fresh fruit and  multigrain toast.
The food was simply delicious and well done.
also, Johnson Bros. Kenyan coffee.
for the road we got coffee beans, a pumpkin chocolate muffin and a fruit tart.
they make all their stuff there and you can tell.
no gooey commercialized sugared junk -just flaky not too sweet bakery goodness.
also, free wi-fi and tables for working.
i like that you order at the counter and your food is delivered to the table.
yummmm....

This place is a wonderful find.
Sort of out of place amongst the run down buildings that pepper that neighborhood.
Great breakfasts, if a bit pricey compared to some of the a.m. joints.
Decent coffee, and a nice tea selection.
A cozy atmosphere, low key enough to sit a bit and read.

We never seem to be up early enough to get out for breakfast, but this is one of our go-to lunch spots.
First, it's in our hood, second, there's nothing that's less than delicious here.
If you are a caffeine junky, you will be impressed and delighted w the size (and taste) of their large latte.
During the winter, when I think I'm going to freeze to death, I just wanna stick my feet in the cup, it's that big.
There is always a nice mix of people hanging out there.
i like that it's not just hipsters.
Because I am gluttonous, I often wish the portions were a bit bigger, but everything tastes so good, i can't really complain.
Their french countryside picnic salad is my fave item here.
Their chili is also excellent.
I recommend getting it w their fabulous french bread.
They have a really fun selection of soda pops too.

THE place to go on Madison's North Side.
Roomy, beautiful decor, family-operated, friendly staff.
The pastries are good, the bread and rolls are excellent, and the brunch and lunch menus are amazing!
There are lots of good vegetarian options, all clearly marked.
The Earthly Delights sandwich is my favorite--wow.
The soups and salads are also very, very good.
My only complaint is Manna's coffee, which is sometimes thin and over-extracted.
People who don't have a taste for good espresso may not mind (my Mom likes it fine), but I have to order a mocha or flavor syrup to cover up the bitter taste, and the texture of the mocha simply does not compare to what you'll get at the cafes on the square.
Still, it's probably the best coffee on the North Side.

This has fast become one of my favorite places to eat in Madison.
I was willing to give it a try with some friends one Saturday afternoon, and it blew me away.
They have delicious vegetarian fare, as well as a scrumptious-looking carnivorous menu.
Everything I've had--from baked goods, to sandwiches, to drinks--has been extremely well done.
Their pairing of ingredients for sandwiches is spot-on, and their homemade bread takes it to the next level of excellence.
I cant leave without a sweet from their case--they're always different, and always top notch.
I have yet to go for breakfast, but expect it's just as delicious.
A must-try if you're in or around Madison.

I've only been to the Manna Cafe once - a client of mine took me there after a press check.
We both had a breakfast sandwich - mine was "The Cravenous Carnivore".
Consisted of scrambled egg, sausage, pepper jack and a little basil pesto.
Who knew pesto would be good on an egg sandwich!
Very yummy.
Atmosphere was great and the baked goods looked fantastic.
I definitely want to return soon!

As a kid, one of my favorite weekend rituals was taking apart and devouring a flaky, buttery, sugary morning bun at Ovens of Brittany.
They set the standard for pastry.
Ovens had a lot of other wonderful food, too (anyone recall their Chicken Pot Pie?
), but they closed their doors too soon, leaving myself and fellow morning bun lovers out in the Wisconsin cold.
Thankfully, the buns were brought back to life in the kitchen of Manna Cafe.
Its proprietor, who also runs the Collins House B&B, knows good food and what people like.
When I'm back in Madison, I always know I can visit Manna Cafe for my pastry (and quiche and sandwiches and coziness) fix.
Keep up the good work!

Love the products.
I give the food five stars.
But the overall experience of trying to get the products prompts me to give three stars on Yelp.
If you have time to kill and need a coffee or a super high-quality treat or sandwich this place is for you.
I live nearby and would always try to swing in to grab something on my way to work.
Gave up after awhile.
I'm not looking for a Starbucks or McDonalds experience - but cripes, the pleasant but spacey staff are slow!
If there is even one person in line ahead of you bring a book or a magazine to entertain yourself.
Having said that - if you have nowhere to go and time on your hands - go to Manna - great people and fabulous products.

The location is great as there is almost nothing on the Northside of Madison.
However, they make really incredible food and bread.
The have their own flair for the standards (the reuben) as well as unique sandwiches and soups of their own.
I've never tried the quiche, but am told it is superb.
The have a nice arrangement of coffees (including a Fair Trade option).
If you are going for lunch, it is best to get there before noon as the place really fills up fast.

I work nearby so I am definitely grateful that Manna is around.
Not many lunch options in this neighborhood!
Most of their menu choices are relatively healthy, made from fresh, unprocessed and sometimes even local foods.
Their menu is extensive, with a variety of soups, salads and sandwiches.
I've yet to try something I didn't like.
I love the Country Turkey Salad, and I've had many great sandwiches as well.
While I live downtown, I also occasionally head to Manna for Sunday brunch.
The oatmeal pancakes are great.
Definitely worth driving a few extra miles.
Service is good, it can sometimes take a while to get the food but that's understandable given how busy they are at lunch time.
My only complaint is that they rarely pick up the phone when I try to call in a pickup order.
Overall, an amazing option in the neighborhood!

Run, don't walk, to this wonderful little bakery.
My husband and I found it through Yelp during a two day stay in Madison.
We ordered our breakfast (a scramble off eggs and ham with potatoes and delicious toast) and took our coffees outside.
The meal was brought to us -- and was heavenly!
I love that it's local food, and love that the people who work there are friendly and obviously enjoy their jobs.
Thank you, Manna staff.
This is what hospitality is all about!

The staff here is very nice.
The food is decent.
The coffee is delicious.
The food is a little pricier than I usually like.
The quiche is worth it though.
Great atmosphere too.

Went on Saturday morning, for the first time.
Had the breakfast basic and a regular americano.
Breakfast came right away, but americano didn't, and had to wait more than 10 minutes while the breakfast was getting cold.
I had to ask the guy making coffee, and apparently the order didn't go through.
I had the regular size, which is the middle size, between small and large, I think.
But he put only one shot of espresso in a regular americano.
Do they put half-shot for the small?
This was the first coffee place I've been to that puts one shot for a regular size.
Finished my breakfast, and studied while drinking coffee at the smallest table (for two).
I was asked to leave or move to the counter (obviously not suitable for studying) because there were a lot of people waiting.
That was a little over 2 hours after I started my breakfast.
Another first "cafe" that I've been to that downright told me to leave.
Would not recommend to others.

Amazing sandwiches.
Catrina's favorite is the best sandwich.
Worth another visit.
I will go again.

I believe that the majority of great reviews for restaurants in Madison, WI are based more on reputation and what people perceive than reality.
Manna is one such restaurant.
The food is good, but not outstanding.
The menu selections are rather dated, much like the rest of Madison.
This city has seen time pass them by.
One walk into East Town Mall takes you back to 1990.
The prices on par with other sandwich restaurants, but the portions are considerably smaller.
I have been here a couple of times.
The corned beef on the Reuben is tender, the Russian dressing is a little bitter, should be more sweet.
Overall, the sandwich is just okay.
I have also had the Collins Tenderloin.
Basically, a roast beef sandwich, on a small roll.
Many restaurants can produce the same sandwich.
Manna is okay if you are in the area, but I would never say to drive here for the food.
Lunch at a Corner Bakery can be more interesting.

I have serious quiche issues and Manna had wonderful quiche.
Get there just before noon to be sure your quiche selection is available  (vegetarian or meaty).
My four stars is for three reasons: 1.
Not open past 5 p.m. (religious reasons), 2.
Food is generally under seasoned, 3.
A bit pricey.

My go-to place for caffeine, pastries and occasionally the stinky-bun french toast.
Can be hard to find a seat at peak bunch times and sometimes the kitchen seems slow but but it is still the best breakfast place I have been to on the east side.
I particularly like the tarts the sell though they tend to be under-cooked.

Checked out Manna while in Madison for Easter and we needed a place for a good brunch.
The atmosphere was very laid back and coffee shop like.
I tried the eggs benedict and sticky bun french toast.
I thought the eggs benedict was great, especially with the avocado, tomato & bacon!
The sticky bun french toast was a little too doughy/undercooked for me, although others in my group enjoyed it and/or had more well done versions.
Overall, I thought this place had decent breakfast food.

I LOVE this place!
It is a great neighborhood cafe with fantastic food and atmosphere.
I have taken out of town guests there for brunch and on subsequent visits they always ask to go back to Manna.
This is definitely my go-to default location for breakfast, brunch, or a light lunch.
The only thing I don't like is that it's often really crowded (a testament to how many people love the place) and their coffee isn't the greatest- tends to be a little on the strong, acidic side and it usually gives me a stomachache (and I generally like dark, strong coffee, but this is just a little much for me).
I also wish they were open past 3pm- it would be a great place to go in the evenings for tea and baked goods.

I love Manna Café, especially for the quiche of the day.
Get there before noon to be assured a slice.
Even then, sometimes they're sold out.
Some food is under seasoned.
Cookies, coffee are awesome.

Service has always been friendly and prompt.
Coffee is great.
The quiche is well portioned and delicious!

After years of coming here I can confidently say that it is consistently awesome.
The bakery is some of the best in town specializing in various jewish pastries you don't see so much in Madison.
The potatoe nachos with some sriracha is my favorite along with the virtuous veggie with bacon added!
The coffee is always good too!

This has to be my favorite breakfast and lunch cafe.
Their oatmeal pancakes are amazing and I get cravings for them every month.
The sandwich and salad menu are filled with awesome choices - I'm trying to get through everything on the menu.
It's a solid, reliable place!
And, while it may appear busy, and even be completely full at times, if you have a little bit of patience, you will get a table before your food arrives.
Also, despite what some have said, the servers are completely friendly.
If I worked closer, I would definitely be here every week.

As good as it gets!
Their food is amazing.
Their coffee is wonderful.
Their space is cozy and warm.
I have never been disappointed.

Really good food at reasonable prices.
We went for Easter Brunch and it was a perfect place to dine- casual, comfortable and really good food.
This was perfect.
I got the Veggie Breakfast Sammie and it was to die for.
The bread was so good and the egg and veggie just cooked perfectly with amazing flavor.
I think all the bakery is made in house as well as their granola.
It is an order at the counter type place- no table service.
The food is top-notch and a must for brunch!

We ditched the usual eat all you can buffet brunch for Easter and came here instead.
No reservations, but no problem.
Order at the counter and seat yourself.
The food is the reason to come.
It is all homemade, creative, organic, and delicious.
My eggs were creamy with asparagus and were served with a delicious cinnamon muffin and a bowl of fruit with whip cream.
I ate some of my wife's potato fries that were very nicely seasoned.
She had the veggie breakfast sandwich which was fresh and pleasing.
The bakery counter was hard to pass up but we were satisfied and full after the brunch.
I'll come back for the scones and pastry another time.

I had the Tenderloin Triumph today, and it was less than triumphant.
I thought it would be a fairly hearty steak sandwich, and I was looking forward to the horseradish sauce and "rustic" French bread.
Well, it was basically roast beef on white bread.
The sauce had no kick and the bread had a totally bland and squishy texture.
Ate a slice of German chocolate cake; the filling was yummy, but the cake was dry and not very flavorful.

Marzipan.
Filled.
Croissants.
The marzipan-filled croissants alone earn a strong review for the Manna Cafe and Bakery, but truly every aspect of my dining experience there were very positive.
Along with the croissant I had a pot of tea and a Southwestern-style Eggs Benedict, in which the eggs were served on top of cornbread with black beans and fried potatoes, covered in a spicy creamy sauce.
It was a daily special, and I felt very special for the chance to eat it.
Yuumm!
The atmosphere was very relaxing, and the friendliness of the staff make it an extremely inviting place overall.
I highly recommend the Manna Cafe & Bakery to anyone who wants an inexpensive meal that is fully of flavor and high-quality ingredients.
Manna Cafe & Bakery: Marzipan-filled croissants are only the beginning of the wonderful things to be had here!

Try a rugelach!
Made from scratch bakery.
Family style quiches for take away.
Daily specials for breakfast.
Pleasant outdoor seating, if you don't mind the parking lot.
Almost always busy, for good reason.
Mostly friendly staff.
Family business.
Delicious breakfasts, sandwiches and soups.
Counter service only.
My favorite baked item is the ham and cheese croissant.
My only complaint: worst espresso I've had in a while.

The food is always yummy and perfect for folks with varying dietary needs.
They can accommodate both vegetarians and gluten free folk as well as the standard diet.
Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is inviting.

Reasonably priced, great country/farm-style food.
Good selection.
The maripan-filled croissants aren't the reason to eat here (try Cafe Soleil).
Instead come here for the perfect frittata and generous plates fit only for the hunger called brunch.
Maybe its built into the low prices, but I could do without the kitchy decor, the noise and unremarkable bialys.
Also, what happens if I don't want to eat my weight in eggs?
Then I only eat coffee.
Bring some granola home.

I rarely get a chance to dine in, but the new to-go sandwich called the "Trendy Tendy (Tenderloin)" was drool worthy.
And of course their baked muffins and croissants are still fantastic

Quiche!

Amazing food!
Everything is home-made daily and the sticky buns are the same as Ovens of Brittany's.
You are missing out if you haven't been to this place.

Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Why did it take me forevs to check this place out?
Have you been, yet?
Why are you still reading/not in the car?
Breakfast is ridiculous.
They serve up some of the best pancakes I've ever eaten, so good I went back two weekends in a row.
Funky Monkey is my new fave.
It starts with their oatmeal pancakes (a famous recipe for Manna) and includes chocolate chips wrapped into the batter, a sliced banana and peanut butter.
You know how sliced bananas are sometimes super oogie at places?
Not here.
Just delicious.
Honestly I'm afraid to try more of the menu because these cakes killed it two weekends in a row!

I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to eat breakfast or lunch here.
Most of their menu items are rather "non-traditional", so if you're looking for some good old fashioned pancakes, or a "normal" sandwich, this is not the place for you.

It may be off the beaten path, but it's worth the shlep.
Our office ordered lunch carryout from here and, for once, everyone was pleased as punch with our restaurant choice.
The menu offers loads of options, from sandwiches ($6.95-$9.50) to salads, from cheesy to healthy.
Combos are an option too, for those who are indecisive.
It's so fun to get to look at a menu and have multiple, creative vegetarian dishes to choose from.
All sandwiches come with a side dish too, and you're not stuck with just fries or potato chips - I'm talkin' couscous salad or mixed greens to be had!
I had the Veggie Might Sandwich (artichokes, spinach, roasted red peppers, onions, feta) and upgraded my side option to a cup of the lentil soup (+$1.50, toootally worth it - delish!
)  Each day there are different soups (always a veg option too) and various quiches of the day.
All are listed on the website, which is quite helpful and probably cuts down on redundant phone calls.
The cafe itself is bright and cheerful, spacious with plenty of tables.
I inquired about their weekend breakfast/brunch rush and was informed by the staff that it's usually pretty bustling but there's never much of a wait at all for a table.
Score!!
With lunch being as good as it was, I would definitely add this spot to my brunch "to-do" list.

Good food - good atmosphere.
My favorite dish is the french toast - they used to make it out of cinnamon rolls which was absolutely to die for.
Now it's made out of sticky buns, not as good.
I miss the cinnamon rolls.
Good veggie sandwich for lunch too.

Delicious roasted vegetable salad and Earthy Delights sandwich.
Many creative menu selections.
Lots of comfy seating, Friendly staff.
I would come more often if I knew they were buying from local sources...was disappointed to see that the butter came from Minnesota, What's up with that?

Manna Cafe is an excellent spot to grab a quick lunch and yummy lunch!!!
I cannot say just how long I have been driving right by this place and never even noticed it was there but I am glad my hunny talked me into stopping by.
The chicken sandwhich was great and perfectly sized - If you want soemthing that trumps the local fast food joint then Manna should be on your list.
They have a rather large seating area inside and a small pation area outside.
The place is neat and clean and everyone was very friendly.

Delicious!
A great breakfast spot with lots of seating options.
Outdoor seating is on the edge of the parking lot so that's not great.
Their food is excellent though and they have a large center table if you have a big group.

Best Eggs Benedict in town.
Best.
I love this place and you should, too.
Fresh baked goods, excellent, piping hot and lemony zesty eggs benedict.
I love it.

Love it the menu choices the coffee the setting , try not to go weekends no tables but that's comes with the best

I stopped by here this past Sunday morning for brunch.
We arrived at the restaurant shortly before 10 and the place was already packed.
Almost every table inside was taken and the line to order your food was almost out the door.
This is the type of place where you order at the counter, they give you a number (in this case a spoon with a number on it) and then they bring your food out to you whenever it is ready.
Whenever I saw a table getting up, I quickly told my fiance my order and swooped in to grab it.
A short time later she was back at our table with our coffee drinks.
Whatever she had ordered coffee-wise was quite reasonable in size especially compared to the large Americano that I had ordered.
Hers was a normal coffee cup while mine seemed like it came in a large drinking glass that I would be more comfortable drinking beer out of than coffee and the vessel was almost as big as my head.
Regardless of that, the Americano was made well and tasted good and I did eventually finish it long after we had finished our meals.
For my entree I went with the sweet hot mama omelet which was an omelet with bacon, sweet sweet potato, caramelized onion, pepper jack, and a side of spicy homemade salsa.
It also came with a bialy and pan fried potatoes which ended up being the best part of the meal.
The pan fried potatoes had a good crunch to them while the bialy had a good firm texture on the outside but was soft on the inside.
My omelet wasn't too bad either as the eggs were cooked nicely and the bacon crispy but it definitely felt like it was missing something.
That was probably where the spicy homemade salsa would have fit well into the meal but I honestly could not taste any spice on it and so I used it sparingly.
After I had finished my brunch I noticed others bringing back an array of sauces (BBQ and different types of hot) from a common area which I wish I would have noticed while eating.
The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future especially if I needed a pick me up from some coffee.
It didn't take long for us to both order and receive our food, the food itself was solid and reasonably priced and finally the coffee was absolutely ginormous!

YUM.
If you're looking for an average brunch experience in which you leave semi-full and semi-satisfied, I'm telling you: DO NOT go to Manna.
The Granola Crunch Cakes are to die for (sweet but not overly so, crunchy, fluffy, and perfect with some sliced bananas and Wisconsin maple syrup).
Ben got My Big Fat Greek Scramble with a bialy and fried potatoes which he gave two big thumbs up while scarfing it down.
The space is large yet cozy and the staff is warm.
My only qualm was that it was a bit expensive ($9.50 for my pancakes), but also very worth it.
I left deliciously stuffed and will be craving those pancakes until I go back again.

We stopped in during the morning rush.
We have only been there one other time.
So I felt uncomfortable not knowing immediately what we wanted.
The sticky bun was a hit with us.
The swiss cheese & ham croissant was flaky and not overly cheesy.
Certainly worth the time and money.
I suggest stopping in when it's not so busy to check out the menu.
Listening to the group of older men sitting and chatting outside made me smile.

Cute and cozy coffee shop.
I've stopped here once and have a sandwich and chai tea.
Service was excellent.

Get the quiche.
Get the quiche.
Get the quiche.
I thought I knew what well prepared quiche tastes like, then I found myself at Manna on a rainy Friday morning.
It melts in your mouth like a good piece of chocolate with just enough light crisp on top to keep you coming back for another bite.
I'd go out of my way for this alone.
Bottomless coffee was a fair $2.50 and the walnut poppy seed rugelach was worth it too.

When I lived on the north side of Madison I are here almost every week...
It's that good!
They have a wide selection of hot or cold sandwiches and bakery items.
My favorite sandwich is the Sunshine Dreamin' with couscous as the side.
For breakfast everything is good, I mean it.
Whatever you pick will be amazing.
They use fresh ingredients and work to balance flavors so that each bite is better than the last.
If you go on the weekend the bread served with the meals is a traditional Jewish bread called a Bilay.
I wish I knew how to make them because I miss having a Bilay on Sunday morning before heading to one of Madison's lovely beaches.
If you chose to visit this cute cafe located in a not so cute old building you'll be begging to come back.

Good food and atmosphere.
Great for breakfast.

I was in the neighborhood to drop off shoes at the shoe repair place a few doors down and decided to grab a hot beverage.
I could see through the window that this place was hopping (on a Thursday at lunchtime) and once in the door took two steps and got in line.
There was a bakery case showing some beautiful stuff, which I eyeballed while the ladies in front of me tried to figure out what they wanted.
I ordered my latte and went over to the beverage pick-up area to wait.
I was surprised to see another cash register that is, I think, just for ordering drinks.
I wasn't in a giant hurry, but that would have shaved some time off, so duly noted for next time.
It took a few minutes longer than I expected for my drink, but as the place was full of people, there seemed to be just one employee running the espresso machine, and she was busy the whole time, it wasn't so bad.
Once I got my caramel latte (I only get them a few times a year, they're an indulgence) I felt like getting back in line for another one.
Dang, it was terrific.
Easily the best I've ever had.
Not bitter at all, not too sweet, it was the baby bear of lattes.

SCONES.
Scones.
scones.
Oatmeal date are perfect.
Lemon-Iced Earl Grey Tea are divine.
I've also been back several times since my last review and have come to really like the Peter Wrappit sandwich (a spinach wrap sprinkled with frizzled onions, asparagus, greens, red cabbage, carrots, and red pepper relish).
But seriously, scones.

Hey you know what's awesome?
A burrito to go.
With bacon, eggs, taters, onion and some salsa on the side this bad boy remind me of my days in the southwest.
Haven't found a foldable quite like this and I love... no ADORE that it comes with grilled pineapple on the side!

I visited Manna on a weekday morning when working from home.
The weekend brunch menu seems to have a few more options, but there were still many delicious-sounding dishes to choose from, in addition to the pastries and quiche of the day.
I tried the Garden Goddess sandwich, which had interesting flavors with sweet potato, egg, and curried mayo.
I didn't really like the addition of red onion...tasted a little odd compared to the other flavors in the sandwich.
I like the option of having greens with house dressing as the side.
House dressing was yummy and a nice citrusy contrast to the rich flavors in the sandwich.
Unlimited coffee, free wifi, plenty of comfy spaces to sit.

Try the oatmeal pancakes!
They will change your life.
I'm not even a big fan of pancakes but I find myself craving these.
I have to say that everything I've had here was wonderful.

Manna has pretty tasty food at an affordable price, but with the Madison brunch scene setting the bar so high, it's not wow-ing me.
We ventured over to this hidden gem last Sunday for brunch.
We showed up around 10:30, which was good, because by 11, the line was way out the door.
Although the ordering process went pretty smoothly, that's where it ended.
After placing your order, there's not much room to wait for a table.
You get a number when you first walk in, which holds your place in line for a table (the same one they use to bring your food), but it's still a bit hectic.
When we were seated and got our food, it was excellent.
I got the Walk In the Woods scramble with greens.
It came with a bialy, which was awesome, but I'd like to see more traditional Jewish food on the menu.
Other pros: delicious bakery items, cool coffee drinks  Other cons: location, hours  Try it if you've never been, but not one of my favorites.

I really have nothing bad to say about this place other than it is too far from my house!
The decor is very cozy and clean.
It was consistently crowded when we were there, but it never felt like you were being rushed.
You get seated and then order from the counter.
I prefer this to ordering and then hoping there  is an empty table like they do it at Marigold Kitchen.
I had the The Ojibwe Scramble, a mix of wild rice, mushroom, bacon and scallions, sautéed and then scrambled with a little egg.
You have a choice of breakfast potatoes, fruit or greens.
I chose the fruit.
It also comes with a little bun called a bialy.
My breakfast was excellent.
If there weren't so many other things I want to try on their menu, I would just order this again and again.
I also ordered tea and it comes in a little pot with a cup.
It lasted me the entire time we were there.
Impressive.
On the way home I bought two sticky buns and a loaf of challah bread.
The sticky buns were so good, I wished I had bought more.
So, again, nothing bad to say, can't wait to go again.

Friendly service!
The quiche and granola pancakes are both delicious!
The lattes are huge.
I've also had the Peter Wrappit, which was very good.
We generally go to Manna for brunch.
I'd say it's one of our favorites in Madison!
The dinner service is really nice.
It has a really different vibe than the breakfast atmosphere.
They accept Bicycle Benefits!

The food is always great at Manna.
I've been here a lot, and it's always been delicious.
It's a good place to go and eat and catch up with friends.
I usually go for brunch, which can get pretty busy.
Go-to menu items for me are the El Cubano sandwich, BFW wrap and the breakfast burrito.
I've had some scones, pie and other bakery items and they are always fantastic.
They also offer some gluten-free items, which is great.
The space is large and warm.
The staff is very nice and outgoing.
The prices are reasonable.
BUT, I do not like how things work since they remodeled.
The remodel itself made the space a lot bigger.
Fantastic.
But before, you could order your food and pay at the counter and then find a seat and your wait for your food.
Easy.
But now, a host will seat you and give you a table number.
Then you have to get up and go order your food at the counter with your number, and then go back and sit down and wait for you food.
And then you have to get up again and go pay at the counter.
It's a stupid setup, and not nearly as convenient as it was before.
Too much running back and forth for the customer.
But besides this confusing new setup, the food remains good.
Also, I hear they are going to start serving dinner sometime in March!

Manna always served up delicious, affordable brunch, lunch, and bakery.
Plus it has great authentic Jewish treats like bialys and hamentaschen!
I've been coming here for years and probably have an extra 10 lbs because of it... Rustic fruit tarts, quiche, and oatmeal pancakes.
You will not be disappointed!
Bonus points?
Lots of local, organic, and fair trade food.
Champagne!
And ample parking.
Why go anywhere else?

You will never view quiche the same after you eat a slice here.
Every day you will find two flavors, each with in-season (to the extent possible) ingredients, including pairings you may not have thought possible.
Do not stress yourself with counting calories, because every savored bite is worth that stick of butter you are consuming.
As good as the quiche is, I'd eat a pan of that pie crust on its own.
I drop in a day or two a week for their fresh Johnson Brothers coffee.
The sunrise muffin is exceptionally good and has some veggies in it, so I pass that off as healthy.
The only thing that is frustrating is the slowness of the service.
I think they could be more efficient using the two registers and having another person fetching coffee and goodies while the cashier keeps a steady flow ringing up customers.
Speaking of customers, it amazes me there are menus clearly posted and visible, plus paper copies you can hold in your hand and read, yet nearly no one is prepared to order when it's their turn.
It drives me crazy when I need an express lane during those early morning visits on my way to the office.

Great brunch menu...good portion sizes, yummy bakery treats and a great latte.
I look forward to trying other menu items in the bear future!

I had the scrambler with asparagus and mushroom.
I was offered to add meat..I did and added chicken sausage.
I didnt realise it was going to be a side instead of in it.
I also asked for a side of fruit.
My husband chose the breakfast nachos.
My husband thought his dish was ok.
I only tasted the salsa,which was good.
I did not like the chicken sausage because there was too much thyme (I have a sensitive palette) and thankful it wasn't in my eggs.
The scrambler was tasty and the potatoes were OK.
I liked the choice of fruit in my side.
All in all I'd return but try something else.
Oh..and I tried the iced chocolate milk and espresso (magic mocha?
)...not a fan.
It just was a bit gritty and I was looking for a little more chocolate taste.

Such a cute place!
A little off the beaten path, but don't be fooled: the locals obviously know and love this quaint bakery/ cafe--the place was hoppin!
The quiche is amazing!

A local friend brought us here when we passed through Madison.
We had the brisket sandwich special, the vegetarian Monty Python, the Mediterranean platter, a rustic cherry tart, and a peanut butter layered cookie.
Everything was remarkably good, and I would love to go again!

I really like Manna.
I work pretty close, and all my coworkers have always raved about it.
It took me awhile to finally get my butt over there and try it, and when I finally did, I seriously wondered what took me so long.
The first thing I had was a Rueben, and it was pretty much perfect.
The meat was tender and juicy, the bread perfectly toasted.
It was dripping with a delicious Russian dressing and it pretty much melted in my mouth.
Since then, I've gone back multiple times, and it quickly became one of me and my boyfriend's favorite restaurants.
While the Rueben isn't exactly an image of health, they have many healthy, fresh menu items that all taste equally as delectable.
I've tried the vegetarian peter wrappit (light, fresh, flavorful), and the not-so-vegetarian southwest quinoa chicken wrap (also fresh, but spicy, savory, and really filling), and both were delicious.
The staff has always been incredibly warm, friendly, and cheery, even amidst the chaos that is their regular weekend brunch madness (proceed with caution on the weekends, it is VERY popular, but absolutely worth the wait).
My boyfriend and I enjoy playing Scrabble while we wait for our food (they have board games!
), and we take desserts to go.
We both agree that the cookies and brownies taste like the best homemade desserts of their variety that we've had, and we always leave feeling satisfied and looking forward to our next visit.
We haven't been for dinner yet (as they just expanded their hours to include dinner) but we glanced at the dinner menu and needless to say, we're excited.
Contented dinner review to follow, as I'm certain we won't be let down.

This is a great neighborhood cafe and restaurant.
Great coffee, AMAZING baked goods, awesome food.
Mentionables include: Monte Cristo sandwich, peanut butter chocolate ripple cookie, sticky bun, and frittatas.
Omelettes are great but a little runny.
Only minus is the location.
Not very accessible.

This place is magnificent!
Perfect atmosphere for any amount of people, amazing food, amazing and friendly and attentive staff.
I've eaten here twice, once for breakfast and once for lunch, and although things are a wee bit on the expensive side, I always leave wishing I had gotten seconds to go.
Also worth noting, since they just recently rolled out dinner as an option, they have amazing and creative dishes, incredible drinks, and it's super easy to get a nice caffeine fix at dinner time in addition to breakfast and lunch.
Suggestion?
Get yr butt out here ASAP.
It's good stuff and I promise you won't be disappointed.

A GREAT brunch location, it was one of my favorite coffee shops and erstwhile workplaces when I lived on the northside.
Well-done drinks, gluten-free cookies, bread, and pastries in addition to everything else done in-house, and reliable wi-fi.
Staff is always quite friendly, even when things get crazy-busy.
The only thing that would make this place better are longer hours, as I do a lot of work and socializing after 3pm.. =)

Love this place!
I've only been here twice, both for lunch and both times were excellent.
Great place to get a sandwich - hot or cold.
Fresh products make this a nice lunch spot.
I'll definitely be back.

