This is a coffee shop that should no longer exist anywhere in the world, but because Willy St. prevents chains from gobbling everything up, it does.
Wow, the old house carved into different themed rooms is amazing.
Some rooms are artsy, others quiet, they even have a "hipster conference room.
" I copuld definitely see myself starting a struggling record label and/or dotcom-era business out of this place.
Really great.

When I met the owner Duane over five years ago he was working in a coffee shop on State Street that will remain nameless.
He later moved to a different coffee shop near the capitol.
He would always talk about opening his own place, and I'd kind of laugh.
Well, Duane you did an awesome job!
I'm impressed, and if I was still in school Escape would be my place to study.
I love the outdoor movie nights that attract a large crowd of coffee drinking bikers.
You rock Duane!!!
Keep waving at the cars going by.

This is Madison's living room.
No, really.
As I wandered in, I kind of was confused.
It is like coming into a house.
Not nice.
No really, not nice at all.
Kind of stuck in the 70's.
Right now, it is packed in here and it is a Monday night.
There is some big meeting in the back conference room, a knitting class behind me, tons of people studying around the place, and next to me some lady getting super frustrated at her laptop because the cd rom drive keeps making noises.
This coffee shop exemplifies the city of Madison perfectly.
You need to come here.
I gave it 4 stars because the coffee isn't that good... but the more I sit here, the more I learn the meaning of the word ambiance.

Awesome!
Great coffee and atmostphere.

Yes, I agree this is definitely Madison's living room.
I've overheard some excellent family dirt here while melting into my chair and put up with your brother's wacky jam band rocking out on the patio.
The only thing slightly irritates me is that the spot where you order and the spot where your drink is made are not connected by a single bar.
Now, now I realize that I should appreciate the unconventionality.
But during my first visit I was a little uncomfortable when I was enjoying a nice conversation with my barrista after placing my order and suddenly, like a flash, he darts past me to the other side of the room to make my drink.

Interesting multi-room space.

Escape recently moved and I stopped by a couple times to see if things are improving.
Unsurprisingly, they are worse.
Instead of the charming variety of spaces, they have two rooms.
One for ordering and one for sitting.
There is also a generously sized, though dilapidated looking outdoor seating area.
The overall feel of the place is one of filth and neglect.
All of the equipment, chairs, tables, landscaping and the building in general are in dire need of repair or replacement (preferably with things that weren't found on the curb, like the current chairs & tables)  The "ordering" room is poorly arranged, making for very tight quarters for both the barista and the customer.
There's no room for a stroller, so you'll have to leave your little kids in the "sitting" room.
They still have the old neglected equipment (example - there is still only one side of the espresso machine working, the other side's been nonfunctional for half a year.
) consequently the drinks here are more bitter and sour then any other place I've visited.
The prices are still the highest in Madison.
The main room is also very cramped with rickety chairs and questionable tables.
Even though they now have windows, they still managed to make the place cave like; Probably to try and hide how dirty and falling apart everything is.
Escape is no longer child friendly.
With the possible exception of the outdoor area, there is no room for a stroller.
Heavy artwork is dangling precariously from the ceiling in the middle of the room, there are many cords snaking across the floors that are easily tripped on and all the tables are very close together.
With as much as kids tend to move around, I don't recommend having them sit on any of the indoor chairs.
Frankly, I wouldn't consider this a very safe cafe in general, much less one that's good enough to bring kids to.
There's only one barista left who hasn't been paid in months, so she doesn't really seem to care about making a good drink (why she's still working without being paid, I'll never understand).
The equipment is all really run down and neglected so the drinks are tasting more bitter and sour as time goes on.
The prices are still the highest in Madison.
Nothing's changed there.
They have all the same "art" they had before, it's just now crammed into a smaller space and lacks any kind of sensible arrangement.
The outdoor seating area is nice when the weather and bugs cooperate, but that is the only thing Escape has going for it these days.
This cafe does have potential, or it would, with a competent owner.
As it is, I doubt Escape will survive the summer.

I was hoping that the new location, with the potential of the off-street patio, would be better than the old one.
The coffee is okay, though neither good nor hot.
The wi-fi requires a "strong" password (senseless and hard to type), and it's time-limited.
I hope that the courtyard area will get some love so it looks less like an alley.

Escape gets a B for effort but a D for execution.
I understand that the move to the bizarre new location was one of necessity and not choice, but that doesn't make drinking coffee, studying or knitting there any more appealing or comfortable.
I don't consider myself any kind of connoisseur, but I agree with another reviewer that the coffee tastes sort of bitter and strange.
I've also had friends complain about the temperature of the coffee (that is, it isn't hot enough).
They no longer offer the delicious pastries from Stella's bakery, although I admit that the Copp's store-brand treats they now have seem slightly fresher than the Stella's did.
At least they seem to be serving tea again -- iced tea, anyway.
I have a friend who swore she'd never go back after the owner told her they would no longer be serving tea and were focusing on coffee only (this was months ago).
They seem to be constantly running out of stuff -- there was no Splenda or whipped cream the last time I was there.
The space and atmosphere are the true problems with the place.
The new location is, as I said, very weird and uncomfortable.
While the old location was definitely weird, at least it was comfy and homey with soft chairs and tables that didn't look like they were about to collapse.
Not as much can be said for the new, smaller location.
It's like drinking coffee in an abandoned warehouse.
The floors are hard and cold.
The tables and chairs are beyond rickety.
There's apparently no air conditioning as the doors are kept constantly open, which means there are literally a dozen flies buzzing around you at any given time.
And they require you to buy something if you want to access the slow internet -- for two hours at a time.
The constantly blaring jazz music is insufferable.
INSUFFERABLE.
The space where you order your drinks/food is a mess.
It all seems really dirty and utterly disorganized.
The last two times I was there, the credit card machine wasn't working.
The first time I ended up paying with a check; the second, I just didn't order (I was there with a knitting group).
And speaking of dirty, the carpets in the main room are really disgusting.
Are they ever vacuumed?
Some positives to consider: the staff is undoubtedly friendly and accommodating to the point that they can be given the limitations of the space and the recent move.
There is outdoor seating.
They offer a variety of weekly activities (movie night, open mic).
They have been kind enough to accommodate our rather rowdy knitting group during their transitional period.
I have continued to go back to Escape despite the annoying music, the crappy service and the strange rules, but at this point I am just about done.
I do still have a knitting group that meets there weekly, but how am I supposed to even buy a drink if the credit card machine isn't working?

I understand that Escape is in this new location, but based on my experience today, although I have been a couple of times,  I'm not sure that I'll go back.
Beyond the odd layout of the place and the slightly overpriced fare, one of the workers today was extremely rude.
A woman came to drop off The Onion (as in she was a delivery person) and left with a few extra copies of the Isthmus (A FREE NEWSPAPER).
An employee stomped out of the main shop, yelled at them for stealing, and snatched the newspapers out of her hand.
This was disrespectful, rude, and in my opinion extremely sexist.
He was completely out of line.
Even if he didn't want them to take copies of a free newspaper, then it was inappropriate to snatch them out of her hands and then shove one copy at her.
I was willing to give Escape the benefit of the doubt, some time to improve itself after its unwanted move.
But this just went over the line, I'm sorry Escape, but I won't be coming back: patio or no patio.

Escape is now closed.

