Good, not great, but I can feed myself for two days with one stir fry.. can't beat that!

This place is pretty decent, nothing spectacular though.
We went one day after driving past this place for months.
We just always thought it was closed down or something, it never looks open.
The place is a decent size, but not too large.
You can create your own stir-fry, which I should have done, or you can just make a selection from the menu.
The husband and I chose the menu and got sweet and sour chicken.
It was pretty good.
Run of the mill Asian food really.
The portion was really big though and the price was fairly low, so that is always a major plus.
It wasn't bad.
I will probably visit again out of curiosity.
I really want to make my own stir-fry.
Yum!

A couple coworkers introduced me to Mu Shu over a year ago and I was instantly hooked.
As lover of Asian Food, this place is right up my alley.
Its a quick and easy concept and you'll end up with lunch, dinner and lunch again the next day - there's THAT much food for less than $9.
You pick your meats and spices and the rest is up to you to load up your bowl with veggies as much as you'd like.
Don't be scared - load them in there!
They grill it all up and serve it hot over rice.
Its delicious and generous.
While you wait, you can help yourself to crunchy noodle chips dipped in sweet and sour (delicious) and a soda fountain.
I love that you're not waiting on servers but you still get that sit-down lunch vibe.
A must try.

20100111  As You Like it - Standard Chinese Fare or Mongolian-Style  Service             .8 of 1 star Food              1.2 of 2 star Atmosphere   .7 of 1 star Cleanliness  1   of 1 star  When we crave veggies out, this is where we go.
If someone wants sweet/sour, lemon chicken, Kung Pao, it's here too.
There's the make-your-own, a full Chinese menu, and three made-up meals with multiple choices for variety.
You can order real brown rice, fried rice or regular rice.
Most food is made and served fresh.
There's a lunch menu too with lunch pricing.
It's a decent place to eat, the decor is warm and welcoming.
The "Mu Shu" wrap specialty is not a mu shu wrap in the strict Chinese dining sense but a giant flour tortilla rolled (wrapped) into a monster Chinese burrito full of your meal choice.
If police dining is a good restaurant, we've seen up to 14 officers in for dinner at one sitting.
We will return.

For years I drove past this place... and a good analogy would be don't judge a book by it's cover, or a restaurant by the bus stop in front of it.
When I finally did stop in for dinner I kicked myself for not visiting sooner.
The Ong's are amazing people and are always really welcoming and nice.
They even ask about my daughter if I don't have her with me... and it's not like I'm in every day.
You open the door to a happy cat giving the high five and it only gets better.
This place is clean, clean, clean.
You could eat off the floor clean.
Yes, Asian food can be high in calories, and if you are one of those people that count them, then this is the place for you.
They have the freshest vegetables for stir fry (the buffet is always beautiful) and they can stir them up healthy and low cal for you in a jiffy.
Or if you are old school you can kick it fried with a sweet and sour sauce.
It is the best of both worlds and they have something for everyone, even a kids menu.
My daughter loves the honey chicken with white rice.
And I swear, the most expensive thing on the menu is the lobster and at $15 dollars... well, need I say more.
Most lunch items are $6.95 and they pop it up to $7.95 for dinner.
It is almost crowded at lunch and all sorts of smart people can be found eating there.
Dinner is a little quieter, but on a third or fourth date this spot can be a great place to eat and converse and it won't dent your wallet.
No one rushing you out and it's quiet in a nice way.
They also serve beer and wine (happy hour is 4 to 7) and they have a soda fountain so you can help yourself or the server will top you off... especially at dinner when it isn't as crowded.
This is really a mom and pop place and they take pride in all they do.
If you are looking for hip/franchise (drive) move along.
This is a one of a kind place with regulars.
My favorite dish is their Mu Shu wrap which includes all the yummy deliciousness of the traditional Chinese dish wrapped in a tasty tortilla.
I'm pretty sure this is the only place that has a Chinese/burrito and it is fantastic (I can barely finish half of it.
) My only complaint could be that the servings are huge or to put it nicely very, very generous.
It is all a part of the awesome hospitality of the place so I don't hold it against them, but you won't be able to leave without a take out bag (because you wouldn't want to hurt Mr. Ong's feelings.
) Take out is quick, their food is great for the price, and if you happen to be a bus rider the nearest bus stop is only a few steps away.
They have a web site with coupons sometimes, so check them out on-line before you go.
So uò dé kuài lè!

I guess the lucky cat was watching over my meal because was good.
I recommend you orient yourself with the menu when you first go in as there are many tempting options.
They have typical Chinese chaffing dish foods and a beautiful array vegetables for their build your own stir fry.
Unlike other  BYO stirfry places the sauces, and protein amounts are prefix.
There are several sauce options, a dizzying array of vegetables and some great julienned firm tofu.
Once you fill your bowl, you drop it off for cooking.
Once it is cooked you name is called, and you pick up your bowl plus which now has rice in addition to the meat veggies and sauce.
There are small bowls of won ton chips available as well as a good array of condiments.
To go boxes are also free which will be needed for most people.
Friendly helpful staff is there to assist with ordering and water refills.

I'm back!
is what I proclaimed as I walked through the door.
However the longer line just gave me an odd look.
This trip I decided to take my entire team, which ranged from Chinese food pros, to a recent grad from Montana who had to ask me what half of the veggies were.
Overall we had a good trip, our food was good, the service was pleasant and overall it was a good value.
Because it was a busy Friday it did take longer for our food to cook than expected.
Also we got the last parking spot in the lot, if we were a few minutes later I don't know what we would have done.
I opted for the make you own stir fry with kungpow sauce.
I recommend when filling your bowl you skip the broccoli until later as it just takes up excess space at the bottom.
I went heavy on the tofu and pea pods this time.
The food came nuclear hot so it did take some time for it to cool down enough to eat.
My coworkers were surprised by the volume of food and they seemed to enjoy their shezuan beef and chicken dishes.
I am not the food authority at the office, if some one is going out they now ask me where to go thanks to my recommendation of this place for lunch.

This is absolutely one of my favorite Asian lunch spots during the work week!
It's like a Mongolian BBQ except it's CHINESE.
You select your meat (chicken, beef, shrimp, tofu), then your flavor (kung pao, classic, teriyaki), then choose between plain or fried rice or noodles, then you get a pretty wide range of vegetables to pick from, such as broccoli,  carrots, cabbage, mushrooms, snow peas).
It can get really crowded on a good work day, but you'll walk out full and satisfied.
I have been going here regularly and the best part about Mu Shu is the CONSISTENCY in the QUALITY!
$10 or less meal with a drink.

Mu Shu is an all time favorite of mine!
I have been going there for about 5 years now - the owner Gary and the staff are all so nice!
The place is like a Mongolian BBQ but 10x better than any one that I've ever been to - the bowls are twice as big, you don't have to touch the meat, it's cheaper and it just tastes fresher!
The food is delicious and you always have plenty to take home!
Seriously, I can put some food down but I always end up with a full take home box.
You should definitely try this place if you haven't!!

Mu Shu is the go-to place for lunch/dinner take out.
They have a menu, but why would you bother?
The build-your-own stir fry is the way to go.
Take your choice of chicken, shrimp, and whatever else they have... choices of sauce (go for the spicy garlic), and noodles, white or brown rice.
Then grab a bowl and stuff in as many veggies as you can.
The veggie bar is immaculate, and you can tell they use the freshest ingredients: onions, broccoli, bean sprouts, watercress, kale, tofu, green peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes, spinach, and probably 5 others I got.
I usually go with chicken, light spicy garlic sauce, and white rice.
It runs me about $7, and I end up saving half of it for a second meal.
The take-out service is super quick, and the staff couldn't be friendly.
It only took two take-outs to become a regular.
Be sure to ask for a stir-fry card (I believe its 11th one free), as you will be using it!

This place is a hidden gem.
Have been passing it for years and finally went a couple of times and was very very pleased.
It's extremely clean, the service is mom and pop very friendly, and the food is tasty.
I've tried the hot and sour soup which is tremendous, kung pao chicken which is fantastic, crab puffs which are great, and the create your own stir fry is fun and you can make it as healthy or fattening as you want.

I build my own stir-fry and I had the veggies with noodles.
The service is quick and the staff are very friendly.
I had left overs and I had it to go.
Make sure to ask for a bag to place your to-go box, because the sauce from your food will leak and you don't want to wear it on your shirt or spill all over your car.
Nice place to eat Chinese food!

This place is "da bomb!
"  Been going there for about 10 years off and on, very close to Central Phoenix, easy access from westbound Thomas, just turn right into the parking lot (which can be crowded at lunchtime).
They are open daily 11a - 9p (EXCEPT SUNDAYS).
If you avoid lunchtime, you can get the shortest lines.
You can go very healthy with the self-serve stir fry by choosing lots of darker veggies, going with chicken, asking for half the amount of sauce and choosing brown rice instead of white rice.
I also avoid soy products and cabbage (thyroid issues), so I avoid the cabbage and the tofu that are available in the self-serve veggie buffet, but I get everything else and there are a lot of other choices of veggies (huge fresh spinach leaves, bean sprouts, green peppers, celery, mushrooms, cut zuccini, tomatoes, onions, pea pods, bok choy, etc., etc.).
It's a comfy little place to "eat in," but personally I like to hit the self-serve buffet and split.
It's very convenient to the Central Avenue Business Corridor and is frequented by people who work near there during lunch, so try to go some other time like before or after the lunch hour to get in and out quicker.
The kung-pao sauce is very, very hot, so next time I think I'll ask for "half Teriyaki sauce and half Kung Pao sauce," then ask for half as much total sauce as they usually provide -- otherwise the rice gets too soaked and the box leaks.
I also ask for the veggies to be stir fried lightly so they're crunchy (al dente) (why fry all the nutrients out of the veggies?).
I think next time I'll ask for aluminum foil to line the styrofoam takeout box so the sauce doesn't leak in my car and the hot food doesn't melt the styrofoam (a xenoestrogen), or if I think of it in advance I'll bring a sheet of aluminum foil with me.
Perhaps someday they'll change to a more environmentally friendly and healthier alternative to-go box made out of a paper product or something, instead of the current styrofoam box.
Very friendly service, especially the manager dude -- I can't believe he recognized me after like 4 years!
The place is SUPER CLEAN, but the restrooms are teeny tiny.
I fill my self-serve stir fry bowl to a mound of overflowing veggies and since they are fried only lightly (per my request), they don't melt down to a small volume, so there are leftovers for the next day.
My ONLY possible suggestion for them would be if they started serving MONSTER SIZED EGGROLLS.
There's a place currently in the strip mall next to Sprouts on 19th Avenue & Northern that sells MONSTER SIZED EGGROLLS, but it would be nice if I didn't have to drive that far.
Very casual dining/take-out, no need to dress up.
If you DO dine in, they have FREE REFILLS of sodas and iced tea at the fountain.
Do not pass "Go," do not collect $200, do NOT miss Mu Shu!!!
These folks thought of self-serve stir fry YEARS BEFORE Mongolian BBQ came along...

Mongolian BBQ...On the NW corner of Thomas & 15th AvenueLove this place!
...If you go here, get the Stir Fry in the front!...I love to add my own ingredients into my bowl which they take from you & stir it all up with the sauce of your choice.
Very hearty, lots of food.
Always hot & fresh!
Very friendly!

Mu Shu is a great place for a fast pace lunch, and low key quiet dinner.
The food is fresh, service is fast and friendly, and the restaurant is extremely clean.
I got the Stir Fry and it was a bowl of hot fresh veggies and your choice of meat.
Its a great place to eat healthy food, but be careful you don't over eat cause the portions of food is incredible.
I heard the Mu Shu Wraps are awesome, and I'm gonna try it next time.
Also, if you like spicy chinese food, you can always request for them to add spice to anything!

Dinner was awesome!
The food was great the prices were reasonable.
My only complaint is that we ordered 2 of the combos to go and did not receive our soups that were supposed to come with it.
The only reason this was a problem was the soup was the only reason I ordered the combo.
Other than that everything was great!

One minute from my house.
Mama memories and flashes of my past life as a restaurant child come flooding when I see the hardworking family crew at Mu Shu holding it down.
The personal touches and friendliness go so far.
It makes me want to support this little sparkly jewel in my sector.
The stir fry is where it's at.
Also, the beef on a stick served at the table with a tiny, fiery griller was the unequivocal favorite of my party.
Char!
Char!
Char!
Great price point, fresh and healthy selections (if that's what you're after) and lovely service.
Mama is the glue.

If Asians eat at an Asian restaurant, it has to be good, and I have often seen Asians eating here.
Lovely architecture and decor, great pick-your-own stir fry, and plentiful classic dishes to order off the menu.
Not crazy about their soups, but their entrées are tasty.

Oh.
My.
God.
This place is amazing!
I literally am sitting here with a belly full of delicious Hot and sour soup, crab puffs, orange peel chicken, and Peking beef!
This is probably some of the best Kari Out I've ever had.
The meat is quality, the vegetables are fresh, and for the amount of food they give you, you can't beat the price!
I'll be having the rest for breakfast tomorrow!

This is my go to place for great Asian food.
Its priced reasonably.
The quality is excellent.
Top marks for the Teriyaki  chicken and the fried rice.
The Teriyaki chicken is not the usual sweet stuff.
Its a hearty almost beef broth like flavor.
I'm a huge fan of the friend rice as well.
I've had numerous beef dishes.
The meat is always super tender.
The staff is super nice, very attentive, always quick to take your order or get a drink.
Its never busy for dinner either.
With a restaurant.com certificate it makes the deal even better.

Fantastic food, good sized servings, and great service!
Check restaurant.com for certificates as cheap when on sale as $2 for a $25 off $35 minimum purchase.
I go there often with friends.
Always leftovers.
Yum.

This family owned restaurant has a very welcoming and happy environment.
Their stir fry is always excellent (I prefer the chicken stir fry with spicy garlic noodles) and my mother always loves their spicy beef noodle soup.
Their chinese food is very addicting and I'm always tempted to make the drive there just for some wholesome chinese food.
Definitely one of my favorite places for Asian cuisine in the central Phoenix area.

After reading all the hype I decided to check this place out.
I checked out their online menu and the lobster in black bean garlic sauce caught my eye so I headed out the door with my wife and son and went for dinner.
I did not order the stir fry.
I arrived at the location and was greeted by an older asian woman who sat us and got our beverages.
I ordered shrimp fried rice, lobster in black bean garlic sauce, pot stickers and my wife ordered the peking beef.
The food arrived and as soon as I saw the lobster I knew we had a problem.
The plate itself looked messy and unappealing.
The lobster was way overcooked and hard, I did not consume half of the dish.
The taste was very lacking and the sauce was very bland.
The shrimp fry rice was basic with peas and carrots in the dish.
The pot stickers were delicious.
The peking beef was okay.
Needless to say I will not be returning to this place and would not recommend it to anyone else.
I did communicate my dislike to someone who looked like the owner or manager.

Step Off the Bus and Into Fresh Food....  We've sat through MuShu's day-end routine twice in the past few weeks.
I've worked in fast food, restaurants, ship's galleys, institutional dineries, and seen a few grease traps, grease screens, grease buckets, grease barrels, and grease fires.
Every evening the range grease filters are taken down and cleansed, everything else is thoroughly cleaned and set up for the next day.
The veggies are fresh, food prepared immediately for most items, and service appropriate.
This is a fine little neighborhood eatery with a menu for all tastes and budgets.
I suggest you find something fitting your budget and taste it here.

This place is great.
You pick the protein and any amount of fresh veggies you want so they can stir fry it together.
Its healthy and taste great.
They also have a Burrito like meal which they call MuShu which is AWESOME!!..
You can't go wrong, and be for the look out for the older asian lady, she is nice, so you should tip her =D

I was struck by a very intense Chinese food craving on Friday night and this was the closest place with the best reviews.
I'm so glad we chose it!
We ordered take out since my husband and I were feeling somewhat under the weather, so I can't remark on the service; except that the very nice gentleman who handled the transaction (he seemed like the owner, but I'm not really sure) was awesome.
He gave us a free 2012 calender!
And I really liked his vest.
And, the food.
We ordered staple basics...chicken lo mein, house special fried rice, teriyaki chicken, and some dumplings.
They were all fantastic!
The sauce for the dumplings was crazy spicy, though.
The food was all a very acceptable level of American-style-Chinese-food greasy, not so much to give me a tummy ache, but juuust enough to make it tastier (in other words, not as good as China Grill in terms of no grease, but wayyy better than Chen & Wok, everything there gave me a bit of a tummyache).
Everything seemed really fresh and we both thought everything was crazy delicious!
And, $30 (no tip since it was take out) for all of that, and I still have some leftovers.
Fantastic!
I can't wait to come back.

Good stuff!
I got the veggie lettuce wraps and the veggie mu shu wrap.
The mu shu wrap looks just like a chipotle burrito but it's filled with a Chinese stir fry... Yumm!

I went around 5:30pm during the week it looked dead but the food was really good.
A plate of stir fry was more than enough food for 2 people....even had leftovers!
Will be coming back for more!

Love this place!
If you like the idea of mongolian BBQ grill like YC's, then you'll definitely love this place.
I love that you can pick what kind of sauce you like, your veggies, and either noodle or rice, and they do the rest!
They make sure your food is yummy!
They also have a regular menu as well which is also delicious...Definitely inexpensive for the amount of food you get!

There is no option for an individual 4 1/2 stars, but that's what I'd give it.
There are better Chinese restaurants, but the combination of taste, value and service is really GREAT!
We always get the stir fry in which you choose the veggies.
YUM.
I highly recommend.

I love Mongolian bbq, not really impressed with this place.
YC's is much better...

Mu Shu can be very average or very good depending on what you order.
The dishes that we all love like Orange Chicken aren't very good despite using chicken breasts and good ingredients.
You can tell that it is quality, but there is no "pop" to it.
However, the mu shu wrap is outstanding (add a little plumb sauce), and the Mongolian grill is pretty solid but could use more options.
Here is your Mu Shu fortune cookie:  "Your happiness will depend entirely on what you order.

Very nice good food will return!

The place is always so clean, and the evenings are pretty quiet.
Their food is really fresh and good.
My kids especially love their honey chicken.
Yum!

All i wanted was a little mu shu.. but boy was i surprised at the large portions, the dish i ordered was the Spicy Mu Shu Burrito with Chicken and Beef with Fried Rice.. yeah i paid a little bit extra to get the combination of meats, but to me it is worth it..
The flavors are so unique and satisfying that i wish i could finish two.

Let me preface this review by saying that for the past 2 years I have lived in Boston, which has some decent Chinese restaurants, great food, but rude/curt/abrupt service.
I had learned to keep my head down, not make eye contact and not ask any questions.
Eat as fast as possible and get the hell out before someone starts yelling at you!
So understandably my guard was up when I entered Mu Shu Asian Grill.
However, complete opposite here.
Mr Mu Shu welcomed me to his establishment, asked me if I had ever been here before and took the time to explain the stir fry/salad bar station.
I was in the mood for Mu Shu, and a place named Mu Shu must have great Mu Shu, right?
Mr MS described to me his version of MS, I heard him say something about a burrito, but I really wasn't paying too much attention as I smugly thought I knew everything there was to know about Mu Shu!
Boy was I wrong!
When I get it, it's bigger than my forearm.
It's packed full of shrimp, veggies and fried rice.
Wow, what a great flavour!
You've heard of Asian fusion?
This is Mexasian!

Went to Mu Shu today at noon with my wife for first time.
We were both very impressed with the food, the service, and the friendliness of the personnel.
Mu Shu kind of reminds me of a cross between a mongolian grill and a restaurant.
The stir fry which we both had was very, very good.
Large portions and lots of veggies.
We'll go back.

I went to this place because it was closed my hotel in Phoenix downtown and it is 4-star in Yelp.
To my disappointment, there was no meat to pick and very limited vegi for stir fry.
so we decided to order the regular dishes.
There were just a couple of tables but the service was very slow.
The dishes are very tiny for the price and the tea would cost extra.
Overall, This is NOT an authentic Chinese food restaurant.
Might be a place that just caters the lunch for people working in downtown.

Great food, affordable prices.
Just don't ask for the won ton chips if you're getting your food to go.
Unless you really want someone to tell you off.
Or if I'm there to watch.
It's pretty funny.

I was introduced to this restaurant when I worked near them and often went there for lunch.
I was beyond impressed when I received a piping hot bowl of the protein of my choice as well as the freshest veggies that I specifically picked to be included.
I have only tried steaming white rice, but I' m sure any choice would be just as great!
I live in Surprise and travel here just to enjoy the yummy food.
Always clean, professional yet friendly and I will continue to come back as long as they are open!!

We finally got a chance to stop in Mu shu Asian Grill last night.
The first thing we noticed was how clean the restaurant looked.
We were seated immediately and asked what we would like to drink.
The menu is filled with the items you would expect in a Chinese restaurant but also features a stir fry menu.
Pick you protein, chicken, steak or shrimp then go up to the bar in front of the opened kitchen to select your fresh vegetables.
Choices of rice or noodles are also included.
We started with the egg drop soup that was very good and after a few minutes our meal arrived.
A huge bowl filled with all of the pre-chosen veg, meat and rice.
I choose the classic Chinese sauce and it was delicious.
Our server was friendly and attentive.

Dropped into Mu Shu by chance., Had a great meal with plenty of fresh veggies and great service from owner and his wife.

We have friends who rave about mu shu.
We like it, but not enough to make it regular, and we live just a few blocks away.
Price/value is measured in pounds.
Friendly service, still it's cafeteria quality

My friends and I really like this place.
The people are very nice, it's always somewhat busy, but not too busy that we've ever had to wait for a table.
The food is great.
Soups are delicious.

I've gone twice now.
Friendly staff, good food at a great price.
The stir fry is good and so is the walnut shrimp.

Tried this place on a whim.
I placed a take out order instead of dining in.
I loved having this convenience.
The staff when I arrived to pick up my food were very social and friendly.
The dine in restaurant is not what I expected.
It appeared that they had some type of buffet bar as part of the dining experience.
My food was ready by the time I arrived and stayed warm for the whole trip home.
I preface this food review with the warning that I am not a big fan of Most Asian foods.
I tried the ginger garlic chicken and was not very impressed.
I'm sure that the food itself was good it was just not what I was expecting.
I also sampled the honey dipped chicken which was the more tolerable dish between the two.
The potstickers were very tasty.
I was a little disappointed with the crab puffs.
There didn't seem to be very much filling inside the fried wontons.
Despite not liking my dish I wouldn't mind trying this place again to see if I can find something on the menu, other than the potstickers, that is worth coming back for on occasion.

The food and service are outstanding.
We have been coming here for a while, hopefully a lot more people will start coming here.
The stir fry dish is A-Mazing.

On my way in for a late night of work and decided to try this place.
I got the honey drizzled chicken with brown rice and some hot an sour soup.
It is a quaint place where they take your order and call your name when it is ready.
There is one lady keeping the front clean and providing refills and boxing up food to go.
The music is way old school but adds ambiance.
Back to the food.
It was delicious and I loved the hot and sour soup.
The honey chicken wasn't heavy, the brown rice was perfect and oh lord that hot and sour soup.
I will be back.
To summarize YUM YUM.

I love Mu-Shu's stir fry.
I get to pick all of the fresh veggies and the meal always feeds me for 2-3 meals.
The staff and owner are personable and always friendly.
Just a heads up, they are NOT open on Sundays, so I try to plan my cravings accordingly.
All of my friends that I have brought here love it.

Garry Ong, I commend your hard work and devotion to your industry.
In my tiny corner of the world, this is as good as it gets.
I ate Chinese, or something like Chinese food three times, three separate places in one August 2013 week.
Mu Shu was far and away the best.

Food is excellent, along with the service!
I'll be coming back for sure!
I ordered a combo with Lemon Chicken & Kung Pao chicken.
The combo also came with soup to start & a spring roll on the side.
I couldn't eat it all and for $10, I got 2 meals out of it!
My boyfriend ordered the stir fry with chicken.
We both agree this place has fresh, tasty food!

Pretty clean place very awesome workers and the food was fantastic.
Decent price for the high quality of food and service.
Definitely coming back for more at a later date, it's close to my work so even better.

Healthy, delicious, fast, relatively inexpensive.
You can assemble your own stir-fry dish to make sure your favorite veggies are apportioned just right.

I was craving fresh stir fry and happen to find this place.
I drive by it every day and never made time to try it till now.
I have to say I'm pleasantly surprised.
The service is friendly and fast.
The place is very clean.
The food is healthy and delicious.
My food tasted so fresh and so full of flavor it was really delightful.
I will be recomeded This place to my friends from now on.
- I had the build your own stirfry / with king pow chicken - my husband had a similar dish.
We loved it!
5 stars!

Love getting all the veggies I want and having them cooked with noodles.
Very nice people working here.
Good lunch spot compared to Pei Wei...

This place is easy and convenient, but a little over priced.
I love that you can pick your veggies and get as much as you want, but once they're doused in sauce, you can't even tell which veggies are which.
I will be going back because I do love the veggie selection, but I won't  EVER pay the extra $1 for fried or brown rice.
You can't even tell the difference between the white, brown or fried.
The next time I go, I plan on asking about limited sauce.
We shall see!

This is a very fast and fresh alternative to the standard fare.
Close to downtown it is a good place to grab some lunch and they do it in good time too.
The wraps are big enough for 2 meals and I have even grabbed one on the way home from work for the hubby and I to eat for dinner.
The veggies are super fresh and the food is delicious.

My husband and I went to My Shu for dinner tonight.
I can sum up the food in just one word "YUM"!
Everything was so good, the veggies were so fresh, spring rolls to die for.
I had the Veggie My Shu with fried rice.
It was huge and absolutely the best Mu Shu ever.
My husband had Sweet and Sour chicken and he loved it.
He can be a bit picky about Asian food and this place was a hit.
The service was wonderful, everyone was very friendly.
I loved the open kitchen concept.
I could see right into the kitchen and it was super clean.
5 Stars!

I took my wife and two sons here last night and we all loved it.
The food was fresh and the option to pick your own vegetables for the stir fry is awesome.
My youngest son who is a very picky eater loved the chicken with noodles.
My older boy loved the pork.
My wife and I had the beef and both really enjoyed it.
Everything tasted fresh and the portions were big.
Looking forward to left overs tonight.
Very nice staff and manager/owner (?
) came over and talked.
Remember my name and said good bye when we were leaving.
Great customer service.
We will be going back often.

My first trip in and it was a good one!
I love that I can build my own stir fry and the ingredients are so fresh.
The food came out quick and hot.
It's nice to find a place that is such a great value and clean inside especially around this part of town.

The food here is delcious!
The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful.
The place is clean, the location is convenient, reasonable prices... what else could you ask for?
Try the vegetable Mu Shu; its the bomb, yo!

So I walk in and it being my first time here my face must have gave it away because the owner walked up to me and asked if this was my first time here.
He then walked me through the process, almost everything is made to order except for the daily combo they are already precooked.
He handed me a menu which is fairly basic but had some great items on it.
I walked up to the cashier and she was friendly and welcoming she gave me some ideas and help me decide on what to get the Mu shu wrap.....AWESOME....
It was stir fry, rice and chicken wrapped in a tortilla, it was heaven.
I would totally recommend this place and will be going back!!

