If you need a really cheesy gift to give to your boyfriend or girlfriend nothing says I Love You and I'm a dork faster than Build A Bear.
At Build A Bear you pick out your own stuffed animal and they charge you more to do all the work.
It's true, but it's also a lot of fun!
You stuff it, you can put sounds in it, dress it anyway you want, and your bear even gets a birth certificate!
This place is great for kids or adults, and although I do think it's a bit pricey it is also fun and creative.
Just added build a Hello Kitty!
Woohoo!

I had a lovely time with my daughter and my brother-in-law.
My little one was REALLY excited that the My Little Pony dolls were in stock (she chose Rainbow Dash), and she took her time picking out clothes, washing her new friend, and making the birth certificate.
She even convinced her Uncle he needed to make a bear for his wife.
It was quite adorable.

I think it's way over priced, and I probably wont go back, my daughter loves her animal, but really she would love a $5 one just as much... Too expensive!

I have always loved build a bear and this location had totally the best staff around, they are always above and beyond in being helpful and being there for a customer.
I personally think that this build a bear location is better than many of the others I have been too, I have the Pawsports to prove it too.
Come in and check them out, even if you don't build a bear you may end up with one ;-)

Staff always greets us while walking in!
Everyone every time we've ever been has always been upbeat, super friendly, loves kids, and has excellent customer service for the child and adult.
Been going here for years!
Don't forget to sign up for emails and register your animals birthday.
We get emails when our animals anniversary birthday is and often get free accessory coupons.
Print all coupons before arrival from your email.
Also some coupons from websites do not work in store either.
We like to buy gift cards from Costco when they have them.
Costco usually sells $50 for only $40 and each gift card is worth $25, which is also great for birthday presents to a child as well.
$25 in there gives you many excellent options for an animal.
These animals come micro chipped.
Your UPC is in the animal, so if you ever find a build a bear loved one you can take it to the store and find its Mommy or Daddy.
If stitching comes apart they will gladly stitch the hole back up and make sure your animal isn't scared.
Super cute!

