I don't know why, but I loved that this whole store was carpeted (I believe with FLOR tiles).
This pharmacy is spacious, apparently with a drive-thru for picking up prescriptions.
They have no public restroom.
They have a savings card program (ExtraCare) but I wasn't asked about or offered a free card when I shopped here.

We stayed off the strip at some resort.
And the resort happened to be close to this CVS.
We wanted water and such for the room.
Much cheaper then resort prices, as expected.
Good, fully stocked CVS with water, sun block, alcohol, and a variety of ther goods.
Much better than paying twice the amount inside the resort or some hotel.

This place is literally an oasis.
Screw paying four bucks for a soda out of the mini bar.
If you're in Vegas with friends and want anything from munchies, to bottled drinks, to toiletries, to batteries, to flip flops, to anything else you forgot at home but wish you brought, to snow globes, fuzzy dice, and other miscellaneous souvenirs made in China, CVS (and Walgreens) on the strip are the way to go.
You pay what you'd normally pay at a  drug store back home.
It's open 24/7.
What more could you ask for?

Here's a tip for those visiting Vegas...it's a good idea to drive around a bit off the strip.
I say this because it is so much cheaper to buy incidentals, water, and even Vegas shot glasses if you just deviate a bit from the "flashing lights".
I ended-up finding a lot of cool places at the strip mall where this CVS pharmacy is located.
My man and I went in looking for some toiletries and loved the fact that CVS was well air-conditionned.
My man was pretty happy to find his Listerine pocket spray.
He bought a 2-pack for the price of what one costs back in San Diego.
Of course I laughed, but how cool is that?
I didn't buy any shot glasses, but they had quite a bit of them for 99 cents...along with playing cards, key rings, etc...
Need a gift?
Go to CVS!

Huge store...oddly enough, no Fresca which is what I went for.
Also, not sure if it's vegas, but how come there are very few low-fat ice creams or baked chips available in town?
I guess when you've had 7 drinks, you don't care much about calories at 3am.

Don't buy any alcohol in any hotel, bar, or casino in Vegas.
Instead, go to CVS, pick up a few 18 packs of Tecates, split them up among your friends, and carry them around in your purses, chugging them all night long.
That way, when the cocktail waitresses in the casino take forever to come back with your free Newcastle or watered-down well, you won't be too pissed about it.
We had so many beers between the four of us, and we were all so trashed, we were actually giving beers away to strangers as the sun was coming up.
Oh, Vegas.

Great store in Vegas across from the Hard Rock.
Stock up on your booz and red bulls

What do you do when you just landed in Vegas at 9AM?
Hit up the nearest place to get alcohol for cheap.
After, luckily, being able to get into our room (AT 9AM?!?!
AWESOME!
) we went in search for the nearest place to get some much needed toiletries and alcohols.
As we walked down E. Harmon, we ran into a gentlemen who was carrying alcohol for an army.
He was helpful and pointed us to the nearest CVS where they have a long list of beverages for ridiculously cheap.
30 packs of beer for $12, handles of Sailor Jerry for $20, it couldn't be looking better for our five days of drunken mayhem and tomfoolery.
Aside from their great selection of alcohol and incidentals, they have an AWESOME lady who was working there and some how had seen us jay-walking before we came in.
She not only wished us a great, safe time, but warned us that jay-walking was a hefty $300 fine and that it is no joke in Vegas, cops WILL ticket you for it.
She started droppin knowledge on us, where to go, where not to go, cheapest places for food & drinks!
I love these kinds of places, and great people.
One thing to watch out for around here are the "homeless".
She said it is a regular occurrence.
The guys just sit outside of the CVS and beg for change, when they don't really need it, just "taking advantage of people visiting the town that wouldn't know otherwise.

This place is a life saver.
Come here to get your beer, cold & flu medicine, pringles and water.
Just down the street from Wyndham, I came here early one morning after a long night of partying.
I was starting to feel sick and dehydrated so I picked up some advil, mucinex, and a gallon of water.
Went back to the room took the meds and after a 5 hour nap I was ready to go out again.
Thanks CVS!

If you've been to one CVS you;ve been to them all.
I frequent this location as its attached to my workplace.
They have a nice selection of everyday items.
The staff is kind of sucky though, aside from a few nice people they generally are not very helpful.

I normally don't give out 5 stars, especially to drug stores, convenient stores, etc., but this particular CVS came through for me on several occasions.
First of all, and most importantly, they sell liquor.
I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel for a week and probably saved at least $100 by walking across the street for my necessities instead of buying from one of the stores in the hotel.
This CVS also has a Chase ATM, which I appreciated.
They only failed to come through for me on 2 occasions, but I happened to be looking for very specific and unusual items...ones I wouldn't normal expect to find in a CVS drugstore.
Obviously, don't take a cab from The Strip just to go to this particular CVS, but if you're staying in the area and need a place that has just about everything you need, by all means head to the CVS at Harmon & Paradise.

This is my go to pharmacy when I am in town.
It never fails that we always forget to bring something on our trip.
From makeup, sunscreen, bottled water, pain meds, etc., CVS is a good place to go.
I prefer to go off the strip as well to avoid much of the major traffic.

This review is short and sweet.
The people watching here is FANTASTIC.
I usually tag along with my man when he stocks up on cigarettes and the people that go in there never cease to amaze me.
Plus...Monica (usually works behind the counter) is super cool.
So if you are bored and broke...roll on down to the CVS at the corner of Harmon and Paradise...you will not be disappointed.

The customer service here is terrible.
Why would they possibly need to have good customer service?
People are always in there because it's the only place that sells stuff at relatively regular prices on that side of the strip for a couple of blocks.
They might be annoyed because every other person in there is drunk or they hate tourist but  if it wasn't for the convenience (purely because I walked by) I would avoid this CVS.
When i went in there to buy some water (which I would assume is relatively standard, guess not as popular as beer) it was their own in house brand and had a big price tag of $2.79.
When we went to check out the guy couldn't find the bar code so he scanned the individual bottle and came up with a price of $1.50.
He knew that wasn't the right price and asked another employee, she just said it scans at $1.50 just sell it for that price.
He said that wasn't right and proceeding to tell her that he thinks it's like $4-5.
We immediately told him that wasn't right and said it was in the $2 (we didn't remember at the time).
He continued with his assumption then just walked away for a couple of minutes (all while there were long lines).
The manager walks up and enters the price and wanted to charge it as taxable merchandise (which water is not taxable yet in nevada....by the way).
We immediately corrected him on that one.
I find it  hard to believe that none of the employees knew the price of the water (except for the manager) and that the manager wanted to charge tax on something nontaxable.
I really object to being overcharged because of the employees incompetence.
They also didn't really seem to care either...I'd go to the walgreens across the street or even the ABC store down the street near the Denny's.

This CVS is in a great location.
Especially when you check into your hotel and you remember you left a toothbrush and deodorant at home.
They have more self checkout kiosks than registers.
But a attendant is always on hand if you purchase alcohol or need to buy cigarettes.
The fact that they sell alcohol is a huge plus since you can save money.
Its open 24 hours which is huge.

As a local I have to say that this CVS pales in comparison to other CVS locations in Las Vegas and Henderson:  1.
They don't do any of the weekly deals, including extra care bucks.
The prices are higher on everything, not just "tourist"items.
The new self check out stands seemed like they would be awesome, but my green bag tag that I bought from CVS never works on them.
Every time it messes up my entire order and I have to complete the order without it, even though I always bring my own reusable bag.
The self check outs also don't recognize certain items, and I always see other people frustrated at them.
Let me add that I am not a technophobe.
Although some of the staff are really awesome, a couple of them are terrible.
One clerk was once holding a razor as I walked up to checkout (this was pre-self checkout).
I didn't notice that he scanned the razor and put it in my bag.
As I walked out, checking my receipt because it was so high, I realized what had happened and got back in line.
He sighed and rolled his eyes when I told him what had happened, as though I was making it up.

I have to give the workers here a lot of credit, they have to deal with all the drunks that come in.
i was here on a trip to vegas and it was like the hangout for the drunks at the end of the day, the cashier was cheerful and they had everything that we went to buy and then some and it was just a walk from my hotel.
when your in vegas and just need to pick up a few things go to the cvs on paradise rd!

When I walked into this CVS I was greeted by one of the workers!
Nice!
Usually that doesn't happen.
I was, however, unable to find what I was looking for easily so they lose one star.
Also, the water I got was not too cold - nor were the rest of the bottles of the brand I chose - so I just settled for the not so cold bottle since all were the same temperature:(.

I am going to say this is a great store.
What a great location.
Right near everything on Paradise.
Hard Rock across the street, and La Quinta down the road, as well as Terrible's there as well.
THe staff is extra friendly..............Full pharmacy.
Everything that you would find in a reg.
CVS... Plus a whole lot more.
Food, water, and drinks,plus gifts and lots of Vegas gear.
You can use your CVS card , plus coupons and all the other good things about CVS.
Lots of parking here ,plus easy to walk to.

This has got to be the worst CVS pharmacy in Nevada.
Coming back to school I needed to get my prescription transferred.
1st visit - dropping my prescription info off to get it transferred 2nd visit - they kept my drivers license and insurance card so I had to come back again to pick it up even though my meds weren't ready 3rd visit - to pick up one of my  two meds.
they didn't have both ready and said the other one had to be ordered.
4th visit - picked up my second medication.
was supposed to have a 3 month supply and they only gave me 2 5th visit - still have to go get my third month supply   counting pills for a prescription is not rocket science.
I should not have to make multiple visits to the same pharmacy for two simple prescriptions either.
I can't wait to re-transfer my prescription to a CVS that is not full of drunks!

I wish CVS was out here in Colorado!
They got a great grocery section, pharmacy section and more!
Everything was crisp and clean and the self checkouts worked without a hitch and nothing was run down!
With the praise I am giving it these are things that are not seen in Northern Colorado!
Lol!

I was sicker than a rabid dog blowin' chunks out both ends!
This place was open in the wee hours!
Imodium cocktail!
Thank you CVS.

Perfect location if you're staying at the Hard Rock Hotel.
Just a one block walk   They have everything to get your party started - alcohol, chasers, cups, candy, snacks (but no mini cups for shots).
They also have everything after you party - tylenol, water, juice, heating pads, bandaids, pepto bismol.
Of course the prices are a little bit higher overall - they can charge any price in Vegas, and all the tourists will still buy!
4 self-checkout kiosks.
No cashiers are needed here.

TRAVEL WITH US IF YOU LIKE GOING TO CVS A LOT  Three visits in 5 days.
Yep.
That's us.
Visit #1: Essentials for beauty.
He needed some new white undershirts so we figured buying them here is easier than packing into the carry-on ($2.50 each).
I needed some nailpolish remover.
My container at home exceeds the 4 oz carry-on limit ($1.99), travel sized shaving cream since the Flamingo pool was open ($2.19), whopper robin eggs ($2.99) as a snack for him, chili cheese fritos ($2.49) as a snack for me, and a bottle of Fancy Andre champagne, extra dry ($5.49).
Visit #2: Essentials for a good impression at the helicopter convention.
Altoids ($2.19) Bayer aspirin for the mystery pain in my walking foot ($3.19).
Paper clips to attach business card to his resume ($2.99), some portfolios to carry the resumes in ($2.77 ea), and some generic Irish Cream for the morning coffees ($13.99).
Visit #3 Essentials - period.
Vodka ($6.99) Cran ($4.19) Gel insoles for his tired feeties ($13.99)

It's a CVS, very convenient to the Hard Rock and other hotels in the vicinity, and has lots of stuff.
They always greet you when you walk in and I like this particular CVS.
They also have self check out machines which makes getting in and out a breeze.

Great late night spot!
Usually a security guard leaning on a cabinet sleeping, but when she is awake, she kind of smiles.
The rest of the staff is friendly.
Oh, and surprisingly, prices are pretty good - a lot cheaper then the Walmart on the Strip.
Need a late night snack, or alcohol, or a Snickers bar - CVS is the place.
Conveniently located near the Hard Rock.

I headed in.
I needed gum.
My parents needed a specific medicine.
We both got exactly what we wanted!
I do have to say that this CVS's OTC isle is really detailed and extensive.
I mean, wow, they've got everything!
But it does make sense since they are near the airport, which was our next stop.
Prime location for last minute needs on the way to that airport.
The airport is super expensive, after all.
Their makeup, candy isle, and alcohol section was well stocked too--which I love :]

It's a CVS in LV, just like the other ones... it's nice to get consistency when you are looking for something in particular.
I was looking for 1st aid supplies, and they are awesome for it.
The stuff is very helpful.
They have self check out lanes, that I wasn't expecting.
I guess that's becoming a new trend.

They have self-checkout which makes it convenient if you're stopping by the store to buy few items only instead of waiting in line.

A CVS with liquor?
Who can complain?
This is a conveniently located CVS, located near UNLV and Hard Rock.
It's a typical CVS.
They see lots of tourists here, so they are by nature quite friendly.
I found the alcohol to be reasonably priced, considering its proximity to The Strip.
You can even get cheesy Vegas souvenirs here.
Make sure to have your taxi stop here so you can stock up before you party on the Strip.

Disappointed that I paid nearly twice as much when I went here as compared to my local CVS.
I know it's close to Hard Rock so they are targeting tourists but had to call corporate and send in my receipt and the latest ad so they could credit me the over charge.
I'll drive a few miles to find a CVS that charges the same price as their other stores.

This is located conveniently next to the hard rock hotel.
When they say everything is bigger in Vegas, they aren't kidding.
This cvs was huge and had everything you could possibly need.
The pharmacist was very helpful - I have a cold on my vacation :(  The employees were very nice, but I feel like for the volume of people they had, they should've had more registers open.

Are you kidding me???
The pharmacist said she couldn't fill all my scripts because they were closing I went to the manager and said "really, she can just do that" and she did handed me 2 of my 5 prescriptions and sent me out the door wtf????
And bitchy too whoa

This store doesn't go by the sale ad.
Everything is full price.
I was going to this cvs since it's the closest to me and one day when I was self checking out noticed that the water on sale in the ad was coming in full price.
I asked the lady why and she told me that they (along with the two locations on the strip) just don't use the sale ad.
My option was to being in the ad and go to the cashier where she could manually put everything in..
Extra care bucks, sale prices, etc.. seems ridiculous to me.
Oh well, it's a nice walk to the location on Flamingo & Maryland.

Not overjoyed with the pharmacy at this place.
They always have good deals but the parking was not the greatest.
I recommend it still.

