Bleh.
Bad food, snotty service, crappy table.
Bleh.

One day, the owners of this place will wise-up and get a better chef or abandon it altogether to convert it into a club.
Once they do, this will be one great place!

don't go to a place like this and expect 4 star food.
it's all about the atmosphere.
went on a weekend night for a late dinner, and the place was hopping.
having a reservation, we were seated within 15 minues (perfect for having a pre-dinner cocktail).
the food was only ok, but the service was spectacular and the hostesses are smoking.
we had a great time, and we're going back.

Definately a place to see celebrities if you're into that kinda thing.
The dessert donuts were memorable and so were the baby kobe beef burgers.
Go for the great service and free pass to Light ....and check out the decor...ambience is what it's all about here.

Fix is a totally hip and trendy bar and restaurant located in the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas.
It is right off the casino, and it is open to the casino so while you are enjoying your meal and enjoying your libation at the bar you can still feel like you are a part of the casino action.
The bar at Fix is very cool--very well stocked as they like the gamblers to stay a little sauced in Vegas-HA!
The staff is very friendly and professional.
Fix is a hot spot for high rollers and celebrities so it behooves the staff to always be on top of their game.
The food at Fix is excellent.
It is mostly a seafood menu.
I had the giant scallops when I was there and it was delicious.
It is on the pricey side, but as I mentioned before they cater to celebs so they try to keep it exclusive.
I would eat there again, and it is especially fun with a group.

The food was pretty decent, but the service pre-seating was horrible even with a reservation, and it is WAY over priced.
We started with smoked salmon and caviar poppers.
The cream cheese on this was nasty.
Then moved onto Kobe sliders and fries as a side.
Can I just say that it was just a plain mini burger with fries?
Grounding up Kobe beef is not how one should have it... if that even was Kobe beef.
I think the only reason we all enjoyed it was because we were so hungry.
Next was a little bit of salad.
Split amongst 10 hungry girls were 3 plates of salad...  Then came the Yellowtail Sashimi which was this absolutely delicious piece of thin yellowtail in this jalapeno ponzo sauce.
But the thing that all made it worth it was the Sea Bass, served over risotto, with baby shrimp and topped off by lobster broth.
It was totally moist and delightful.
For dessert there was fried macaroni and cheese and donuts.
Can I say, since when does donut = fancy restaurant dessert.
Obviously the chef was getting lazy when he got to the dessert menu.
And usually that's the best part.
We were so full however that we happily skipped the donuts and mac & cheese.
2 stars for the seafood items alone!

Trendy restaurant not far from the midst of things.
We ended up here after the line for the buffet was way too long and we had tickets for "O".
They had some pretty decent drinks and the food was artistically presented.
There were a few food items that we were not so impressed with, but I do recall the mango chutney with the poki was lovely!
We were only able to grab these seats on a Saturday night because we weren't officially at a real table, but rather in the bar area.
It worked for us.
We were able to order from the main menu still without the wait.
Overall, it was decent...nothing particularly fabulous nor horrendous for me either.
It worked for us.
(You can check out my photos above!

It's been awhile since we've eaten here, but I cannot forget about the sugar-cinnamon doughnuts with PB and Chocolate dipping sauce.
I think the entree and first courses were good as well.
At leaset I don;t remember anything bad.
The place gets packed.
One star taken off for the prices, way too expensive even by Vegas standards.

Full Disclosure:  I have an axe to grind with this kind of food...  For the short attention span set: -trendy food (not a compliment) -mediocre burgers inside fantastic buns -upscale, modern atmosphere -cute, if precious presentations  That being said, put in proper context (i.e.
this is the Bellagio), their food is reasonably tasty.
It's meant as an upscale bar restaurant, and it gets the job done, albeit with the typical lack of soul that is par for the course on the strip.
I stuck strictly with appetizers, as was recommended by a friend who really enjoys this place up and down.
The highlight of the menu were the Kobe beef sliders...but not for the beef.
As we had a large party, I had a chance to sample sliders from different orders, and the range of doneness was completely inconsistent.
Some were nicely med-rare while, unfortunately, many others were well done with the core of the burger a dead grey.
This was almost made up for by absolutely frickin wonderful burger buns.
Great texture, good sponge, and a hint of sweetness in a white crumb.
A nice touch is that the buns are brushed with an egg wash which gives a boost to the texture.
Unlike the burger itself, every bite of bun that I had was a good one.
Next up was a frito misto which included both rock shrimp and squid.
Nothing too shabby, but the seasoning definitely overpowered the contents.
However, if you're into the batter, then I guess it really won't matter what's inside.
Actually now that I think about it, it was definitely more like Cantonese style "salt and pepper" coating more than an Italian Frito Misto...  Then came the "very adult mac & cheese"  basically it was mac & cheese with surprise!
(not really) truffle oil.
The mac & cheese is then cut into sticks, breaded up and deep fried.
To be straight up, a good number of folks at our table really enjoyed this, but I found that it overused the truffle oil.
Again, if you're of the "never have enough foie or truffles" mindset, then you'll actually like it.
Truffles are a potent ingredient, and in my opinion, it's a difficult thing to balance properly.
Most places want  to impress you by hitting you over the head with it, and FIX is not alone.
A nice flourish was something they call "forks", but basically it's smoked salmon with a little creme fraiche on top of a speared mini-blini and topped with osetra caviar.
Pretty normal brunch fare, but presented cutely.
On the other hand the "Kobe chili cheese fries" was completely forgettable, although the regular fries were nicely done.
The decor scores on the "make you feel cool" vibe with the wavy wooden plank roof, and it's appropriate for the location.
In the end the style of food is pretty unimaginative, it's typical snazzed up "comfort food" that probably hits the target market, but doesn't satisfy folks who have respect for real comfort food.
Also, it's a prime example of gourmet pandering...  1. take a simple food 2. add pricey ingredients 3. ?
PROFIT!
Except in this case, we all know "?
" actually means "charge up the ass.
"  Even if you can't relate to my take on things, have you ever thought..."oh man, Kobe beef's so overrated, I don't know what the big deal's about" ...well that's because of places like this.
Basically, restaurants know that if they put Kobe or Foie on their menus, they can instantly charge a premium and sell hundreds of the dishes a night.
(I could also rant on things labeled Sea Bass and the use of short ribs....but I'll save that for another time).
Properly prepared Wagyu and specifically Kobe can be a truly heavenly experience...but when you take what is essentially beef's version of foie, but then grind it up for burger patties or chili, the ingredient is slaughtered.
You can duplicate the result at home just by grinding up corn-fed chuck and adding extra strips of beef fat to the mix....
In any case, actual Kobe, and Kobe-style meat should be almost scary white and as raw as you can stand.
So next time you see Kobe ground up for something, braised, or cooked like a regular steak, skip it, your wallet will thank you and your tongue won't miss a thing.
If you want Kobe, but  cringe at the thought of beef sashimi,  just head out to Nobu at the Hard rock.
Their new style Kobe Beef is both different from the traditional shabu shabu, but still respects the ingredient.
It's been around for years, but they still manage to do it well.
Sure, I hate this kind of food, but at least they make up for it with some winners, and it's perfectly appropriate for what it is.

I was very happy and pleased with our experience at Fix and I would definitely go back during one of our next trips.
We were meeting two friends of ours who were coming from work.
They were delayed by traffic but the staff at Fix was more than happy to seat us.
We actually ended up waiting for about 20 minutes or so and they were very attentive the whole time.
I love places where you have two servers.
Both of them introduced themselves and promptly brought us drinks.
Our servers waited just as patiently as we did for our friends to arrive- they were not pushy at any point.
Once our friends did get there we started to order.
The menu is great- there are many different options that fall within a range of prices.
You could go tapas style or order an entree.
I actually had the lobster tacos as my entree and they were fantastic.
My husband had the Kobe beef sliders which he said were excellent.
Our friends ordered the scallops and steak and their dishes were also excellent.
The one thing I wasn't that crazy about was the baked mac and cheese.
The location was great, easy to find by Vegas standards.
The restaurant itself is a lot smaller than I thought it would be but I enjoyed the decor and atmosphere very much.

very good if you want that hip vibe.
good place for people watching, or to be watched.
prices are steep ($80 for my meal, though i had a good amount of food).
do not try the pineapple mojito.
only good in theory and to look at.
smallass piece of very good miso sea bass, with the tiniest pile of very good risotto under.
$50.
HOWEVER.
PLEASE TRY TO KOBE BEEF CHILI AND FRIES.
sweet jesus.
so rich, so mouthwatering.
with little delicious chunks of kobe beef, white cheddar gravy boat for you to abuse and overdose on.
wow.
orgasmic.

Pricey, pricey, pricey.
But the chicken wings and mac and cheese made it all better.
I've never had a chicken wing where I was able to consume every last bit of meat.
Ingenious method of preparation.
You'll just have to go yourself to see what I mean.
Oh, and the mac and cheese.
Isn't turning it into a Twinkie one of the miracles that Jesus performed?

I've eaten here at least two dozen times, and bellied up to the bar for drinks somewhere in the vicinity of 100 times (hey, I used to live in Vegas!
), so I'm reasonably well qualified to write a review of Fix.
Essentially a nightclub that happens to serve food, Fix is as much about what you look like and who you're with as it as about the food.
The room is gorgeous, and the curvy wooden ceiling which is the centerpiece of the restaurant supposedly cost about a million bucks by itself.
Almost as good looking as the physical space are the people who inhabit it.
Fix is always packed with some seriously good looking people (a large share of whom are celebrities of some sort) who come to fill up before going to out to hit the clubs.
Given that I've spent the first half of this review talking about everything but the food, you'd almost expect it to a.
) be beside the point, and b.
) suck in a very expensive way,  So how is it?
Think comfort food meets nouveau rich (kobe chili cheese fries, truffled mac and cheese) that's very very well executed.
My recommendation is to go with meat, specifically the ribeye (get it sliced and seared), since the steaks here are aged USDA prime, and are actually better than what you get at Smith and Wollensky or the equivalent.
Desserts, punctuated by donuts that put Krispy Kreme to shame, are another high.
Bonus points for service that's essentially perfect and lacks the pretension usually found at places like these.
Best of all, Fix has a late night menu they serve until 1am on weekends.
So in summary, it's not cheap, but if you like good food and good looking people, there's really nowhere better to go.
(PS - If you're a group of a good looking girls, call ahead and they'll give you some seriously special treatment.

Hands down one of the sexies eateries I have been to in quite sometime.
Out of all the restuarants we hit up during my friend's Bachelorette Weekend Bash, FIX was the biggest hit.
If you hit up Kristen of the Light Group she can hook you and your Bachelorette crew up with an awesome special.
$55/pp will get you a tons of yummy apps like salmon/cavier served on a spoon, Kobe sliders with fries/ Jalapeno Yellowtail Sashimi, a refreshing salad and more then you get a choice of an entree.
Our optiions were Roasted Chicken with crispy skit, Sea Bass and I ordered the Pumpkin Raviolis in a sage and butter sauce.
Desert inculded banana stuffed donuts served with a lite chocolate and peanut butter sauce.
So scrumptious.
Good wine list and the Cucumber Martinis are to die for.

Definitely overpriced food here, you're paying for the ambience and a place to people watch at the Bellagio.
I did enjoy my meal here, everything was cooked perfectly--for $42 I had "drunken" lobster, spinach, and my most favorite part of the dish was the potato gnocchi which was pillowy and delicious, too bad they only give you 4.
Thank goodness I'm a lightweight eater, I can't imagine too many other people getting full on this meal.
Their ribeye was cooked perfectly but unfortunately the only side it came with was 2 potato chips.
huh?
Trendy yes but lame.
Again, paying for ambience so grab a mojito and go with the flow.
Service was friendly and attentive.
Other items on their menu include sliders, fries, poke, other cuts of meat (filet mignon, kobe beef), pasta, party platters, even cheeseburger and tomato soup, so there is a decent selection of food just know the bill comes out to $80 per person average with drinks for a "casual" meal in the hip bellagio of vegas.

Nice to dine here if you fit any or all descriptions below:  1) high roller, w/one, or pretend to be one.
2) you care more ab/look & pretension than scale of food.
3) you're w/a group of pals who insist trying it for special occasion like BDay.
I fell in the 3rd category.
Food was not bad yet strangely not memorable.
The bill certainly was since it looked like an absurd over estimation even though we had a big group.
Thank goodness a gf split an order w/me in advance.
Not kid friendly--too dim.
Service is rather cool though.
Fix in their name should mean something needs to be fixed.

FIX is the first restaurant run by The Light Group, which previously had created several trendy lounges and clubs (e.g., Light, Caramel, Mist).
FIX was their chance to create a trendy restaurant.
It was a success, and they've since followed up with STACK, a similar type of restaurant at The Mirage.
The menu concentrates on trendy or inventive variations of standard American fare.
Lobster tacos, yellowtail sashimi, and Kobe sliders share the menu with scallops Benedict, steak and for dessert, banana filled doughnuts.
Trendy drinks are also available.
Care for a habanero mango margarita?
The bartenders and servers certainly have that trendy look: young, thin, dressed in tight black skin-and-tatoo revealing clothing.
Service is friendly and efficient.
On Halloween, the look varied a little: lots of black, white, and the occasional red undergarment not so discreetly displayed.
Located just off the casino floor, the room is loosely divided into three areas: bar, lounge, and dining room.
The same menu is available everywhere.
It can get pretty noisy, but somehow it's not objectionable - just fun.
**Meal #1: * I started with a crab cake made of shredded (not lump) crab meat, but with very little filler.
It was baked, and served on a pool of remoulade sauce.
Rating: good.
* For my entree, I had Scallops Benedict: three large sea scallops, barely cooked through, on top of applewood smoked bacon ,a thick layer of spinach, and shredded potato cake.
It was a good combination of flavors, executed well; very good.
* For dessert, Shake and Cake: espresso milk shake and a brownie.
The milk shake was in an espresso cup, with icy froth, and a strong coffee/chocolate shake; very good.
The brownie was soft, chewy, nutty, intensely chocolatey.
Wow!
I want another.
The bill (including one drink): $80.
**Meal #2: * I started with their daily special: toro tartare.
This consisted of several thin slices of tuna that tasted more like maguro (regular tuna) than toro (tuna belly).
Nonetheless, good.
* For my entree, I had Drunken Lobster with Prosciutto Gnocchi: a lobster tail, medium size, split and resting on what was presumably an alcohol based sauce.
That doesn't sound so great, but it was very good.
The bill: too much.
With one martini (gin of course; none of those newfangled vodka martinis for me), it came to a little over $90.
FIX is loud and trendy, and serves trendy food - just the kind of place I'm likely to hate.
However, the atmosphere is more fun than anything else, and the food is surprisingly good.
If you can put up with the prices, it's a worthwhile destination.

Are there better places to eat?
Of course.
Are you spending a pretty good amount of money?
Indeed.
(Though in Bellagio most stuff is expensive)  However, it is a nice, trendy fun place.
And you get some interesting good dishes.
Avoid the kobe chili fries and burgers.
But do enjoy the fried (adult) mac and cheese and rock schrimp appetizer.
The steaks are good as is the very melt in your mouth sea bass.
The lobster also is quite tasty.
But it is a hip, fun atmosphere and that is what you're paying for more than anything.

this is a very trendy place with good music and a hot waitstaff.
i loved the idea of their small plates.
my 2 girlfriends and i had lobster tacos (comes in 4), crispy tuna (5 pieces), yellowtail jalapeno sashimi (5 pieces), kobe beef sliders (3) with fries, and their dungeoness lobster with proscuitto gnocchi and for dessert we had the shake and cake (espresso milkshake with a decadent brownie).
everything was deeeeelish!
their ginger mint drink was refreshing.
great place to share a bunch of plates!

FIX is my favorite place to eat at in the Bellagio, and among my favorite places to eat at in Vegas.
It's very trendy and their menu reflects this quite well.
From their Kobe Beef sliders to their Lobster dishes to their Donuts, FIX never ceases to impress me with the simple ingenuity and creativity that goes into some of their dishes.
They take the idea of "comfort food" to a whole new level.
I do not want to repeat a lot of what has been said in previous reviews, but my recommendation is to definitely give this place a try (plan on spending $200-$250 for 3-4 people).
Their cocktails are nicely done in presentation, but nothing spectacular.
Anyways, to do it right, get an appetizer, entree, and dessert.
Otherwise you are missing out on the experience that is FIX.

came here around 11:30 one night and ordered off their latenight menu (or whatever they call it -- (the kitchen closes at midnight) - it was just an abbreviated version of their regular menu).
I'm not sure what time they switch from their regular menu to this weird menu, which gives no indication of if you're ordering an appetizer or an entree or what.
We ordered two things from the beginning of the menu, guessing (correctly) that they'd be appetizer-like -- yellowtail sashimi and some sort of spicy raw tuna thing served on warm little squares of pressed white rice ("Bills Spicy Tuna").
The sashimi was fresh and tender, with a nice, light soy-based sauce, each piece topped with (?!
) a jalapeno.
I really liked the spicy tuna and the little squares of rice, my companion wasn't so into them.
Then came the filet mignon -- tender and juicy, but salty and served sad and alone on the plate.
Two okay sauces were served on the side - a peppercorn sauce, and something I forget.
We also got the kobe beef sliders, which were amazing, and served with some really, really mediocre fries.
Go if it's late, you're starving, you're in the Bellagio, and you're rich.
Go if you're beautiful and want to show off, or if you like to watch beautiful people eat and drink.
Otherwise, walk on by....... slowly.

Trendy but LOUD!
I went for a bachelorette party and they were very accommodating with a set menu but the food was below par considering the prices.
The yellowtail sashimi and sliders were good but my main entree, chilean sea bass, was horrible.
Overall, I wasn't impressed.

I can see what the other reviewers are saying about the food - that it's overpriced and maybe at times underthought or overthought - but none of that seems to bother me here.
I love the atmosphere, the people watching, the hot waitstaff, the relaxing wavy wood, the drinks, the service, and even the food.
I'm completely amused by a bunch of little tasty bites - especially in Vegas when my attention span is at rock bottom.
You will find me here at some point on every trip to Vegas when I'm in the mood to relax for a little while and still feel like I'm in the middle of the action.

must have the lobster taco, the hamburger, filet mignon, forks, and the chili cheese fries.
i know it's a bit pricey and hamburger and chili cheese fries u can find anywhere but FIX is one of a kind.

One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.
Its definitely overpriced but you're in the Bellagio for chrissakes.
You're not getting any bargains here.
The filet is surprisingly good and how can you ever, ever, ever say no to warm doughnuts?
The lobster tacos are another fav of mine.

It's alright.
Their main dishes are nothing special.
HOWEVER, their side dishes are amazing.
If you're like me and you like side dishes more than actual meals, this might be for you.
They have an adult deep fried mac and cheese that everyone in the restaurant raved about but I wasn't really impressed with it.
If anything, the sauteed spinach and mushrooms were to die for.
I went with some clients and they absolutely loved the pear martini.

Food Report: If I hadn't started with the salad I would have enjoyed my meal much more - the salad had a slight fishy flavor... and I don't like fish.
On the flip side, the kobe beef sliders were fantastic, and the fried mac and cheese was evil deliciousness.
The service was friendly and good enough.
Fashion Report: Not that it should keep you from eating there, but the outfits the girls are required to wear are borderline absurd.
The plain black dresses aren't nearly flashy enough to be Vegas-slutty-chic, and aren't made up of enough material to qualify as something that could actually be called clothing.
I have to believe their underwear alone would have been less revealing, somehow, and certainly more flattering - bravo to the designer who created a simple, black "dress" that all at once shows too much back, chest, stomach, legs, butt crack AND cheeks!
Hats off, really!
The casino cocktail waitresses at Binions looked more dignified.
To the point, just ill-paired for the restaurant's elegant decor.

Fix's ambience is so-so.
They would benefit from real walls (or tinted glass) to muffle some of the casino chatter and give it a real partitioned feeling.
The sports game playing on the TV near us felt out of place, though a friend said it's likely someone was betting on the game and wanted to see its outcome.
Our group of six didn't have reservations, but we secured seating by the bar.
Service was outstanding!
Our servers (Monica and Candy) were attentive and friendly.
Monica got us tasty shots - the one I remember was a lemon drop with blueberry.
(As you may have read elsewhere, their waitstaff is indeed gorgeous.
I freakin' giggled like a middle schooler when Monica flashed a smile in my direction.
)  A few of us were recovering from a buffet earlier that day, so we went for side dishes and appetizers: - The Bobby Baldwin Burgers ($25) - three kobe sliders (with cheddar, grilled onions, and spiced fries) - were excellent, moist, and flavorful.
Wish I had some right now.
- I'm an oyster junkie, so I had to get their oysters ($3/oyster; East, West, and Speciality oysters available) were fresh and delicious.
- The Forks ($21) were a little cheesy (in both senses of the word) - smoked salmon, caviar poppers, scallion blinis.
My least favorite, but still tasty.
I'd stop in again for the sliders, and perhaps their entrees (my one friend enjoyed his 20 oz.
Ribeye ($49), and I trust his opinion).
While the food was as pricey as I expected for a casino restaurant, the food TASTED better than I expected, even for the opulent Bellagio.
Recommended for a try.

Meh, what a disappointment.
The place was packed and the menu looked promising, so I was looking forward to our meal.
The best thing about the first two courses of dinner was the wine I ordered.
The mixed green salad was rumored to come with candied nuts and pears.
Two flaccid nuts and a one inch stack of matchstick pear slices did not lend much flavor to the dish.
$16?
For a pile of mediocre spring mix?
The pizza was pretty good, but small and not substantial for the price, and my lovely dining companion really enjoyed her salad (the BLT wedge).
The service was okay - it seems that 10 tables of mostly two tops for two waitresses is overwhelming though as we were fairly forgotten off in our corner, oh, you know, directly next to the computer where they spent most of their time.
Had we not ordered dessert this place would've gotten two incredibly overpriced stars from me.
Lucky for them the banana bread pudding was quite possibly the most delicious pile of soggy bread I've ever had.

I've been to FIX before, but I'd never before ordered just a steak.
I decided now was the time, and ordered the sirloin.
I must say, it was one of the best (if not the best) steaks I can remember ever having.
It was $43, but it was worth every dollar.
The only reason I don't feel like I can give it a 5 is because although we had 9:00 PM reservations, we didn't get our table until 9:20 PM.
Every time we asked the hostesses about the availability of our table, we were told it would be ready "in a few moments.
" Maybe I'm a little hard on restaurants, but if I take the time to make reservations, I'd like that my table be ready within 5 minutes of my arrival if I'm on time.
The food, however, entirely made up for the initial service.
Our server was great, as were the very adult mac and cheese sticks.
If you love steak and have money to spend, don't pass up this restaurant.

This was by far the best food we ate in Vegas!
When the wait staff highly recommends the rib eye, listen to them....they know what they're talking about.
The Spicy Tuna appetizer was artfully done and delicious.
The 20 oz.
Rib Eye was enough for two to share, seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the sauces...WOW!!!
And nothing goes better with a steak like that than their french fries.
Now, though dinner was perfect, next time I eat there, I am starting with their dessert!!
Have you ever had Warm Banana Donuts?
How about 3 of them covered in sugar, served with Peanut Butter Sauce and Chocolate Sauce?
This was by far the most decadent dessert I have ever had, and worth every penny of the $9 they charge for it....Their Shake and Cake was incredible too...Espresso Shake with a hot fudge brownie....WOW, their desserts were really off the chart!
Modern and Chic atmosphere, amazing food, need I say any more???
Oh yeah, and for this caliber of food, the prices are pretty reasonable.
We had appetizers, two expensive cocktails, a huge steak and two desserts for a hundred bucks...not bad for Vegas, Baby.

OMG - you have to check out the balloons on these hostesses!
They were like NOTHING I have seen before!
Despite having dinner reservations, the aforementioned hostess sat us 20 minutes after we got there.
I was not very happy that she sat us in the "walk-in" section - Being in that area really didn't feel like we were there for dinner.
It felt like we taking a break from playing of slots.
Sensing my discontent, hubby was happy to re-approach aforementioned hostess to request for a more "legitimate" dinner table.
Hubby was also happy to hang around the hostess' area for 15 more minutes while waiting for another table (lot of eye candy to go around).
The Bobby Baldwin sliders were very good, I have to give them that.
Our server kept on re-filling my water glass...he said that he will get in trouble if his manager sees a glass "unfilled" - I thought that was rather interesting.
I would go to Fix if I wanted to have a quick bite before going clubbing, but not for a nice sit-down dinner - this place is just a little too crazy for regular conversation.

I was very impressed with Fix.
I came here with a group of about twenty girls for a bachelorette party.
I'm not sure if we got a prix fixe menu because it was a special bachelorette package (we went to Caramel Lounge after) or because of the size of our party.
The food was fantastic.
Some of my favorites were:  Bobby Baldwin Burgers, Seabass, Very Adult Fried Mac and Cheese, and the warm donuts.
We were put in a back room with a bachelor party.
Everyone was so loud and we were having a blast.
The manager was getting really angry because it was getting pretty rowdy...but I didn't think it was that big of a deal because the room was way in the back and the rest of the restaurant was loud too.
Oh well, the food was good and we still had fun.

Fix was a good restaurant, it just wasn't great.
The server that we had seemed a bit miffed when I asked a question about the menu.
(How big are the lobster tacos?
Apparently, really small.
)  I ended up ordering the spicy tuna on sticky rice cakes.
It was good, but I wasn't all that impressed.
I've had better elsewhere and less expensive.

15 of us girls came here to eat before a night of partying for my friend's bachelorette party.
We were part of the "bachelorette program" which included a set menu and a round of drinks at Caramel afterwards.
As for food we had a bunch of appetizers (yellowtail sashimi, bar burgers (yumm!
), salmon wrapped creme-fresh w/ caviar, mixed greens salad, and breadsticks).
For entrees, we had our choice of Butternut squash ravioli, Chilean Seabass and Stuffed Chicken breast.
I had the Chilean Seabass and it was overcooked - actually almost everyone who ordered the Seabass felt the same way.
It was very rubbery, but the lobster risotto that came with it was pretty good.
For dessert, they brought out banana cream filled doughnuts with chocolate and peanut butter dipping sauce.
It was pretty good, but by that time, many of us were passing out and STUFFED!
It took a long long long time for our entrees to come out - service was good but kind of slow.
Not to mention, we had dinner reservations for 8:30pm and we had to wait about an extra 30 minutes.

The food was amazing, great service.
Overall a great experience, I'd love to go back sometime.

My sister and I ate here, after we saw an ad about the restaurant which made the place seem like it was a hot spot for celebrites.
There were pictures of Rachel Bilson and even Paris Hilton celebrating parties there, so we felt that it must be good.
FIX was described as having gourmet "college food".
It definitely had those bad things we all loved in college when we had no time to cook.
We ordered the Mini Kobe Burger sliders, and the famed Buffalo Chicken wings.
We even ordered some fries, which came in a cute little swirl like container.
All of the food we ate was good.
The price can be on the upper side, but it's still a nice trendy place to eat at in the Bellagio.
I might suggest eating the steak, since it is also advertised as having one of the best steak in Vegas (as do many restaurants by many different critics!

Yes...eat hear after you watch "O" then go to the Bank.
Your night is set- send your thank you note to Mishka in Moscow SF with love.
Order the spicy tuna and the surf and turf....delicious!

We walked in with an oversized party and no reservations, but they found a place for us in a little table by the bar.
To be honest, I expected it to be mediocre food at exceptionally high prices, given the sexy waitresses and the modern decor.
In reality, the food was quite good, and prices weren't that bad (for Vegas).
Things that were excellent: The service The oysters The sliders The steak The drinks  Things that were okay: The ambiance  (it's strange being in a very sleek modern restaurant with a view of the Bellagio's classically themed slot machines.
)  Things that weren't good: The Forks (an appetizer that was suposed to be salmon, caviar and cream cheese, but in reality was mostly cream cheese)  I wouldn't make reservations to eat there specifically, but FIX was a great place to eat on a whim, even if it was more casino-y than some would prefer.

My friends and I were looking for a relatively nice/fun/trendy place to get our grub on before we got our groove on.
I think the concierge at The Venetian actually recommended FIX at the Bellagio Hotel so, off we went in our heels and hoochie outfits.
Mother of God.
FIX is ridiculously, fantastically, wonderfully GOOD.
Yummmmmmy.
Orgasmic.
I can't even tell you what we eat but, EVERYTHING - and I mean everything - we ordered was fantabulous.
The complimentary bread/breadsticks, the appetizers, the main courses and the desserts.
Especially the motherfreakin' desserts.
Oh.
Mah.
Gawd.
Becky.
I think we ordered some sort of salmon or caviar mouse appetizer that was served in teeny appetizer spoons but, I swear, being ripped off for single-bite appetizers never tasted so dang good.
Each of us ordered a different dessert so I think, between the five of us, we tried every single dessert on the menu.
My friends have photographic evidence of me actually picking up one of the plates and licking it clean.
Sad, huh?
Another place I would never go for a first date because I'd scare my date off.
In terms of ambiance, FIX has lowered walls, which means one section of the restaurant is in open/full view to the public.
FIX is also immediately adjacent to one section of the main casino floor.
Since there are lowered walls, it's an excellent place to people watch on the casino floor.
Of course, this also means that passers-by can watch the "human zoo show" as you turn into the food monster and inhale the twelve dishes you can't help but order and devour.
But FIX is also loud, crowded and full of well-dressed clientele - so maybe you won't get noticed as you destroy your second dessert,...  Five stars for FIX.
Too bad you can't dress down and wear sweats - I could have eaten more if I had some room to work with.
[Side note: The event/party promoter for "Light" at Bellagio stopped by our table to hook us up with free admission into the club.
So not worth it.
But, that's another Yelp review for another day,...]

My girlfriends took me to dinner to kick start my bachelorette party.
It came off to a rocky start because we arrived promptly at 8:30p.m., however, our table wasn't ready until 9:00p.m.
despite our set reservation at 8:30p.m.
It didn't help that there wasn't any available seating in the bar area to pass away the time.
Once we were seated, the service improved to stellar.
We had a pre-fix menu that included a tremendous amount of food.
We started off with the most juiciest cheeseburger sliders (which were my favorite, btw), mini crepe pancakes served with creme fraiche, smoked salmon with cream cheese inside that were shaped into little pouches and attached to an end of a fork, fresh yellowtail.
OH-MY-GOD.
Everything was delicious.
I chose the butternut squash ravioli, but thought it was a bit too sweet for my dinner palette.
Our waiter was so kind enough to get me a different entree to which I chose the seabass and that was unbelievable.
It was big hunk of sea bass served with risotto in a light broth.
For dessert, we had homemade doughnuts that were served with chocolate and peanut butter sauce---woah!!!
I'm definitely returning to this restaurant the next time I am in town.

If you want to see hot barely clothed hot chicks, taste over-priced liquor, eat some good food, or don't mind being at a crowded bar.
FIX is it!
So first I wanted to go to Olives, but my girlfriend at the time suggested FIX.
It was a great choice.
I think the dinner for plus a few drinks and tip came up to less than 200 (for 2 people).
I had the best chicken dish EVER!
They don't have a menu online, but whatever it was, it was the best chicken dish I've ever had.
Did I mention how good the Chicken dish was... =) Even if you go just to hang out by the bar, it's worth the trip.

Fix is all about the service, and the food is excellent!
We ordered alot of different dishes, and ate them all!
They have deep friend mac and cheese, lobster tacos, spicy tuna bites, great steak, and i got the kobe sliders 3 way!
Everything was great, and the service was truly Phenomenal!
Not once was my water low, and because they apologized for the food being a little late (we didnt even notice) they gave us dessert on the house.
Not 1 but 3!
Their bread pudding is delish!
creme brule with chocolate, and the fresh doughnuts with dipping sauce.
I will be back for sure!
Amazing, its a shame not all vegas restaurants can compete with the food and service i experienced  here

FIX is your typical trendy bar/dinner hang out serving up excellent "rich food".
It's nothing that will blow your mind but its a great place to hang out and eat the wonders of Kobe Beef, Kobe Pork, and Sea Food.
The portions here are pretty small but I have to say the food is really rich, the only saver for such places.
Keep that in mind though because the lobster tail looks like an over sized prawn, its not big at all.
The atmosphere here is pretty nice.
Waitresses are looking good, food presentation is good, and the decor is dim, dark, and simplistic.
Overall a great choice to grab a bite and have a drink.

Great place to get a late snack.
The lobster tacos and deep fried mac & cheese are winners.
Take some time to admire the roof of this place.
It's actually very interestingly built if you take the time to look.
I forget the details but one of the workers told me a "story" of how it was put together.
Perfect place to people watch if you get the outer seating.

this restaurant is an absolute must when in vegas.
the service is consistently excellent, as well as the food and drinks.
this is the one restaurant i visit each and every time i'm in vegas.
be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes if you don't have a reservation.
make sure to order the lobster tacos and blue cheese lettuce wedge.

We lucked out on this trip to Vegas.
We hit Picasso on night one (see my review), which was an absolute gem.
While cruising the Bellagio, I saw this joint, and immediately made reservations for night two.
It was a Saturday night, and this place was just packed with beautiful people.
We had reservations for 8:30, but didn't get seated until about 8:50.
No big deal, we had some great drinks, and one of our party was asked to kiss a bachelorette party bride-to-be.
It was an absolute riot, and we made quite a scene.
We finally were seated, ordered more drinks and placed our appetizer order.
We opted for the buffalo wings and beef carpaccio.
Before our order arrived, I gave my buddy a hard time for ordering buffalo wings at such a nice joint, before an evening of going out.
Once the order arrived, I took back everything I said.
The wings were outstanding.
I can't do them justice by trying to describe them here.
Just do yourself a favor and try them.
They were very unique, and were served with an amazing blue cheese dip.
The carpaccio was also fantastic.
They were served with a truffle infused olive oil, and capers.
The meat was insanely delicious and very fresh.
I could have eaten 5 plates.
:)  For my entree, I ordered the rib eye, medium rare.
It was cooked and seasoned to perfection, and the side of hand cut fries that I got as an accompaniment were really tasty.
The guys also got the drunken lobster with gnochi, and the burgers (sliders) that I got a small bite of, which were very well done (and even would be worth ordering as an appetizer, as you get 3 sliders with the order).
Great food, awesome ambiance, right in front of the night club Bank (which they got us on the guest list for), and is open to the casino floor, so you can people watch while you eat.
Love this spot, and would definitely come back.
In fact, I will definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas.

This is the hottest looking place ever.
Right on the casino in Bellagio, it screams cool!
The wood ceiling and environment is way cool.
The service is quite good looking, more so than any other dining spots I've seen.
The food is tasty as well, and fun desserts.
Hit this up for sure.

I just had the best time at Fix!!!!!
The food was fantastic and the service was amazing.
Our waiter Roberto even went out of his way to make sure that I didn't miss out on the miso glazed short ribs (I was torn between 2 dishes)and he brought me one short rib on the side-compliments of the chef.
I will be back asap!!!

Great restaurant and prices are not too bad either.
Gotta have the fried mac n cheese and chilli cheese fries!
Sliders were pretty good too.
Things you can skip, poke.
Things to know...the bathroom sink has a pretty strong current.
Turn it on slowly so you don't get wet!

Visited FIX for a bachelorette party.
The barrage of food was overwhelming but made for a memorable night.
I had the seared sea bass in lobster broth and despite the samplings of 5+ appetizers beforehand, I still managed to eat all of my main dish.
The fish was delicate and moist.
The maguro sashimi with ponzu sauce delightfully tickled my taste buds.
The mini kobe beef sliders were adorable and tasty too.
My only regret was not being able to enjoy dessert as I was stuffed to my limit.

Such bad service I had to rate it from the iPhone...

Wow.
This stands as the only restaurant / bar I've been to that had both an awesome girly chocolatey drink and an awesome girly fruity drink - both of which came on the recommendation of the bartendress.
All mixed drinks there were hella expensive ($14 each).
- White Truffle martini: yum yum yum... she said this included Godiva chocolate creme and vanilla Stoli among other ingredients...  must reproduce this somehow...  - Raspberry Sin martini: drool... totally forgot what was in this one but it was also amazing.
We also got some "cucumber essence" drink that we enjoyed but the real winners were the above.
Feeling a bit snacky, we also got some oysters ($3 each), which they served with all the sauces I've ever seen come with oysters before.
They were very tasty and of highly variable size for some reason.
Also spelled "Qysters" on the receipt.
Does this mean we got pwned?

It was A LOT of money for nothing that was too impressive!
I spent $250.00 for a dinner for two and it was probably worth $120.00 at the most.
The service started out great but at the end of the night when I needed my check because I was going to the "O" show my waitress looked irritated that I asked her for the check.
She had disappeared for almost 20 minutes prior to my asking.
We were already there for one hour and 40 minutes.
How much time do you need to eat???
For this price, treat yourself right and eat at Prime (a steakhouse that is also located in the Bellagio as well).
ALSO...I saw a really good deal at "Brand" another one of the Lighthouse Group Restaurants in the Monte Carlo.
They had a steak dinner for two for around $90.00!
Give that a try instead, but I won't be back here again!

I totally thought of Kristen S. when I was here.
In true Oakland-style, I was searching for my post-drinking donut before heading off to bed.
Normally, Kristen and I would head to Colonial Donuts on Lakeshore for our last stop before bed (not the same bed, pervs!).
But I was in Vegas and Kristen couldn't make the trip, so I was missing home and my donut buddy.
What is a girl to do?
FIX has warm donuts with dipping sauce on their dessert menu!
You don't have to tell me twice.
I was there!
More expensive than Colonial, but totally worth it.
Paired with a tawny port, it hit the spot.
Maybe next time, Kris can go with me to FIX for our late night donut fix.

We went here to get a few drinks at the bar and ended up having a few appetizers, too.
It was easy to get bar seats, the service was fast and friendly and it had a good crowd for people-watching: some were attractive and some were just interesting.
For food, my friend had sliders, which she really enjoyed, and I had the fried macaroni and cheese.
I didn't really pay attention to the "fried" part on the menu so I was a little surprised when I got these macaroni and cheese nuggets, but they were good.
It was a perfect light yet not really that healthy snack-y meal.
And, it went well with the drinks.
It's kinda pricey but I sort of expected that, although for five drinks and two fancy appetizers, it really was not that out of line for a more upscale lounge/bar/restaurant.
I would definitely return here for drinks and apps, and probably for dinner.

I've never tried so hard to lick my plate clean.
I had dinner here on a Friday night, it wasn't too crowded when I first arrived at 7pm, but towards 8pm it was completely packed.
We had two waiters for the evening, both of whom were very attentive.
We started with the lobster tacos and they were absolutely delish!
I coudl have probably easily eaten 10 of them, but sadly they came in orders of 4, which I had to split with my sister.
For dinner I had the Filet Mingon with a side of creamed spinach.
The Filet was good and came with 2 differnt reductions, I wasn't able tofigure out which one I liked more!
My sister ordered the lobster which came with gnocchi wrapped in procuitto- which honestly tasted like little bits of heaven.
For dessert we had the creme brulee which was also yummy, but I think if I'd want to try somethign else next time.
Overall the food was great and the dinig experience was worth the price.
I'll be back here again next time I come to vegas.

After eating at the Cathouse the night before my boyfriend and I were looking forward to having an amazing meal.
Thank god we decided to eat at FIX.
It did not disappoint us one bit.
The food was outstanding!
We heard from a lot of people that it usually gets packed on the weekends so we made reservations before we left NY.
Thank god because if we didn't we would have had over a two hour wait.
We started off with the adult Mac and Cheese which was amazing.
I could have defiantly ordered another round!
I then had lobster with gnocchi's that were wrapped in prosciutto and my boyfriend had scallops that were covered with a crab hollandaise sauce.
Then (even though we were stuffed beyond belief) we had he mini banana billed donuts with peanut butter and chocolate sauce.
All I can say in yum yum YUM!
I will defiantly come back the next time I visit Vegas!!

went there with a bachelorette party of 8. we were seated very promptly.
the 2 waiters we had were good, attentive.
it's extremely packed and noisy so if you don't like that, don't go there.
we got the bachelorette package for $55 a person (includes dinner, entry into caramel and the bank).
seems like a popular thing being that there were a million other bachelorette groups there as well.
overall the food was good...i was satisfied.
this is what we had:  yellowtail sashimi: good, nothing to rave about  Bills spicy tuna: loved it.
sits on this crispy rice thing yet somehow melts into your mouth with sweet, garlicky flavor.
delicious!
baby lettuce salad - this one i did not care for.
salad greens with the occasional strawberry and hearts of palm tossed in a lemon vinagrette thing i didn't like.
not much flavor, just sour.
i think it would've been better with a balsamic vinagrette.
kobe beef sliders with fries - good.
can't think of anything else to say though.
juicy?
entrees and sides:  seabass - 6 out of 8 got this.
i thought it was good, but i didn't love it.
everyone else LOVED it.
i liked how the fish was warm, flaky, yet silky.
it sat on a shrimp risotto thing with lobster broth.
i think it needed just a tad bit more flavor.
i'm a little picky with fish.
2 of the girls got roasted chicken which they said was good.
it looked good.
adult fried mac and cheese - when being cheesy is awesome!
this was amazing.
it comes lightly fried in the shape of a stick of butter with more cheese sauce on the side.
it was lightly crisp on the outside, warm and of course cheesy on the inside.
very tasty   lobster mash (we ordered this extra on the side) - fluffy creamy mashed potatoes.
has a different flavoring to it, but tasted more like bacon and something else than lobster, but was good...i approve.
dessert -   donuts with chocolate and peanut butter sauce thing - i'm not a big fan of old fashioned donuts, but this was not too bad.
it was stuffed with bananas.
obviously fried but not too greasy.
i couldn't finish it because i was stuffed.
drinks: expensive $14 a cocktail, but i guess that's normal vegas prices  passion fruit mojitos - loved it.
refreshing, fruity, pulpy, just plain good.
pineapple mojito - not as good as passion fruit, but still good.

Fix has a fixed menu which is quite nice.
My favorite things here was the fried macaroni bars and the kobe beef sliders.
Everything else was standard fancy vegas restaurant fare.
$20 corking fee per bottle, even though one of my bottles was a screw top.
Screw that!

I guess I expected a lot.
I had the scallops which were very good.
The lobster mash was a little bland and cucumber martini I liked but it was weird and my co-worker took a sip and throught it was gross.
I like weird things sometimes.
Of course it was Vegas and overpriced but the scallops really were pretty perfect.
However, you only get three and I am a big eater and left there kinda hungry.
I don't mind spending money in Vegas but I want to leave the restaurant full.

We were seated promptly without reservation, which was nice.
Our waiter was helpful with wine pairing.
The food was good, but not over the top.
The Caesar salad was delightfully good, considering I'm not a very big fan of salads in general.
I got surf and turf just because I was starving and wanted both meat and seafood.
Bf got filet mignon.
We got "Shake and Cake" (espresso and brownie) and Creme Brulee.
Overall, I would come back if I happen to be waiting for a show in Caesar's, but not in my "must visit" restaurant list.

The restaurants in this specific location have changed several times over the years.
This started out as Sam's American... but now as FIX, I definitely hope it will stay a while.
We didn't order too much - but it was plenty of food, and we left stuffed.
Hubby had the wedge salad (it was ok).
We shared the lobster tacos and the kobe beef sliders.
The lobster tacos are fantastic.
Fresh chunks of lobster piled into mini (1 or two bite) fried taco shells.
Spray on some lime and smother on some guac and it's a flavor explosion in your mouth.
I could have eaten 100 of these.
The sliders are also yummy.
Three mini-burgers with a metal cone of crispy fries.
Tender and flavorful beef, grilled onions, and a special sauce.
You can't go wrong.
For dessert - we shared the warm banana bread pudding with coconut ice cream.
Wow.
I normally don't like bread pudding, but hubby insisted - and (dare I say it?
) he was right.
Great hot and cold combination - and bananas and coconut are a perfect pair.
Service was good, but not very friendly.
We had two servers and neither seemed to like to smile much.
The place wasn't busy (yet) but they were too busy to even ask how we were, or how our food was.
Oh well.
We were too busy eating to talk anyway.

This place was pretty good.
It was one of the cheaper restaurants in Bellagio, though entrees were still $30-$60.
I ended up paying about $65 for shared appetizers and sea bass.
Now why would you want to pay $65 for a dinner when you can gamble outside, look at HOT people (girls are all fine and dressed up here), WIN $, and get FREE drinks (plus tips I guess)?
Well, you really shouldn't rely on alcohol for your daily calories.
Believe me, I've tried, and you feel pretty sick after over half a day.
Plus, the waitresses at Fix are dressed very nice and are CUTE.
The waiters come by and refill your water whenever it gets to its halfway point.
There's also trendy music bumping, so it's more for the younger crowd.
Have you ever been to a fancy ass restaurant where everyone dresses up, yet hip hop is bumping?
I think not.
Here's where you go for that divine experience.
Now on to the food.
For appetizers, my party of 7 shared the crabcakes and egg rolls.
The crabcakes were damn good, but a bit hard to maneuver.
It's doesn't have much girth, but is like 4 inches high.
So imagine stuffing that sucker down your throat (I know, I know, I couldn't resist with the terminology).
Great nonetheless.
The egg rolls were alright, I probably wouldn't order it again.
The sea bass I ordered was very fresh and good.
It doesn't beat the super oily ones in upscale Chinese restaurants I've been to, but I definitely didn't feel ripped off.
My friend order mashed potatoes, which was VERY VERY good.
All in all a very good experience and a "budget" restaurant, if you will, at the Bellagio.

We went to FIX after seeing Le Reve at the Wynn.
We were looking for great appetizers to share and good drinks.
When we got to FIX, we had to wait to be seated.
This wasn't a problem because we all just headed straight to the bar.
Our party of seven was seated and we all looked over the menu.
Being on a set budget for dinner here, can be difficult.
The items are all a little pricey, but that can be expected for dinner in Vegas.
We weren't that hungry, so we all seemed to get appetizers, side dishes, and drinks.
I ordered an Apple Martini that was delicious!
One of the best I have had!
Our meal took a little while to come out...but that is understandable for a part of unexpected seven.
I had the mini crab cake BLTs and mini loaded baked potatoes.
Both were delicious...but VERY small portions.
Luckily I wasn't that hungry because I would be STARVING.
The portions are very small for the prices given.
That is why I deducted a few stars.
But, the atmosphere is very cool!
If you are familiar to the restaurant STACK, it has a similar look to that.
Pieces of wood are stacked upon each other around the room, making an almost ribbon-like effect.
The mood lighting is comfortable and the deep colors of the wood create a soothing effect.
It is a really chill place to either have drinks or dinner with friends and family.
Just a little pricey for not that much food?

we come here for bachelorette parties and its sooo good...the prix fix menu is great!
eat the fried macaroni and kobe beef sliders!
the drinks are yummy!
The place is very hip!
hehe!

We actually came here before Bartotolla's.
OK, maybe were getting alittle old (mid 40's+) for some of these places but you should be able to enjoy a cocktail in a fine Vegas hotel.
Our waitress was certainly a hottie.
Here, they're dressed in a black leather short dress.
Certainly eye-candy for some of us.
Drinks were good and it wasn't too loud being seated near the edge to the casino.
3 stars because when we paid, our hottie waitress Marilyn M asked "why is there only $40?!
" The bill was $52 and the person paying who's older and with poorer eye-sight.
She could've said "I think there's some sort of mistake and there's only $40 here" or something like that.
If your working for tips you could be alittle nicer.

This is a good place to people watch.
Of course anywhere in Vegas is a great place to people watch.
The drinks are good and fairly priced-- try the Mojito.
I had Fanny Bay oysters which are some of the best that I've had.
Do order the fried mac and cheese sticks and the lobster tacos.
While most dishes are tapas style, the French Onion soup is a regular size soup.
It's good but a bit heavy so if you're planning to try other things, skip the soup.
We've heard great things about the sliders but sadly, we were too full to continue on.
However, we did leave room for dessert and thank god we did.
The warm donuts were amazingly delicious.
It's got a banana cream/ custard worked into the donuts which was surprisingly light and not overwhelming at all.

Good service, nice atmosphere (music is too loud), and food is good (but everything was super salty)....maybe an off night when i visited.

Food and atmosphere are great!
The sliders are a must!
It's always busy so reservation is recommended.
However, I prefer Stack because it's bigger.

I am so surprised to see that this place has an average rating of 4 stars..i thought the atmosphere was terrible, the menu was overpriced, and the service is better at the DMV.
I dont understand how some of these girls in vegas get these waitressing jobs and make a boat load of tips, yet be so stupid!
We saw our waitress 3 times, once to take our drink order, once to take our food order, and then to drop off the check.
Take your business elsewhere

Two dishes: lobster mash and banana bread pudding!
They were sinfully good and probably disgustingly bad for me, but oh well.
When in Vegas, party like a rockstar, eat like a glutton...
The bf and I stopped by around 1130 on a Friday night.
There were maybe 6 other tables of patrons there, so maybe that's why we got pretty good service there.
I had the ribeye and the bf ordered the lobster.
Both dishes were very good and well-cooked.
No complaints there.
His lobster came with proscuitto wrapped gnocci, which were deceptively good.
I've had some terrible gnocci before, so these were a pleasant surprise.
Overall, I had a good experience here, and I would recommend Fix if you needed a bite to eat and didn't want to deal with overbearing pretentiousness.

Great restaurant, with wonderful service.
The three great dishes were: lobster mash, spinach, and buffallo wings all for a bargain of $40.

This review is only for the Thanksgiving Dinner I had in 2008.
It could not have been better, a 4 course meal prix fixe and mouthwateringly amazing.
I know that's not a word, but it best describes the menu.
The place was packed, not very social, but our waiter made sure we got into Pure with some free passes and VIP entrance for everyone at the table.
How's that for service?
The only caution I would make is to bring your own wine.
The markup on their bottles is SIGNIFICANT... more than I've seen anywhere.
I think it's a little more than double the retail price.

I must say I have eaten here three times in the last two years and I am always a fan.
I have ordered the fillet mignon each time, medium rare (as it should be) and I have been blown away every time.
By far the best I have ever tasted.
Every time the service is first class, no issues and each time with large parties of around 7-8 people.
The live DJ and music and right on the casino floor adds to the experience.
It is perhaps the most expensive thing on the menu but so worth it.
I have ordered many  fillet's from other steakhouses in San Francisco and the bay area and none compare to the fix.
Absolutely amazing!
I always order the adult mac and cheese to go with it, wonderful creation!

The people watching at this place is priceless.
Show up late and grab a seat in the bar at a table facing out toward the casino and the walkway to the shops.
You won't believe the primo people watching you will see.
The parade of drunks passing by is priceless and apparently the dress code for the Bellagio is the shortest possible skirt.
You'll see it all here; in some cases literally.

Fix Restaurant & Bar  Was in Las Vegas these past few days for the Home Builder Convention (Great show may I interject), in any event, as common trend amongst hungry people is deciding where to go for dinner ...it was a tired very hungry group... where everyone's answer is 'I dont care where we eat, but let's go eat now!
' or 'I'm good for anything'  Weren't in the mood for a buffet, so we opted to go to the Bellagio... looked around for a few places and collectively decided to try FIX Restaurant & Bar.
Almost instantaneously the decor and setting is amazing, and you figure Bellagio being a top echelon hotel, there food has to be pretty damn good!
These are the items we tried and highly recommend...  Appetizers: Calamari (AMAZING) Buffalo WIngs (Great - would like to say they taste pretty identical to Buffalo Wild WIngs orignal sauce... in any event, which is a great thing!
)  Entre': I ended up ordering the Kobe Hamburger Sliders and let me tell you they were one of the best burgers I've ever eaten.
Without a doubt I recommend this plate.
Its accompanied with season/garlic fries that are to die for.
Fellow companions tried the Roasted Chicken and was told it was pretty amazing.
Dessert: Sorry no room for the sweet tooth.
Drinks: I ordered a gin & tonic and man it was great.
perfectly mixed.
I recommend this place as a 'must - visit' when going to eat in the vicinity of Las Vegas.
Price reasonably and the service is superb!

A-MAZ-ING!
Four of us had such a great experience here last weekend!
We called for a 7pm reservation, and upon arrival we were seated at a prime people watching spot towards the front of the restaurant.
After reading some Yelp reviews, we knew we would be ordering the Kobe burgers and adult mac and cheese sticks.
We weren't steered wrong.
Yum!
And the presentation was very cute.
I tried the tomato soup, which was flavorful, creamy, and just the right temperature.
It came with two mini grilled cheese sandwiches - the perfect compliment to the soup and very filling.
For desert we ordered the donuts, which were presented on a stick with two sauces and warm.
Soooo good!
Sure, it's a little pricey but not outrageous and well worth the splurge.
Service was a little spotty with several different servers, but that was easily overlooked because of the ambiance and food.
I'll have to come back the next time I'm in town!

Try and get a table along the railing.
The people watching is fantastic.
BUT not as fantastic as the food.
Our steak was incredible: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PDIh1lVtKlUqPJROXYJQvQ?select=eI1BpLd7Cja-w06KiTnekg  We ordered the grilled asparagus, some other side.... and I was busting at the seams.
Seriously, good food and excellent service.

i don't have much to add that hasn't been said before!
between two of us, we had popcorn at the O performance as our appetizer, then appetizers at FIX as our dinner.
the spicy tuna on rice cakes was fantastic, although a little annoying to serve two people five pieces.
then again, we got three burgers, so perhaps we were supposed to compromise on who got the extra burger vs th extra ahi.
we were more diplomatic and split both, but cutting a tiny sushi bite in half after drinking champagne is quite the exercise in motor skills.
i think there were an even number of mac n cheese sticks... i could've eaten a whole second order quite easily.
dipping the fries in the sauces that came with the sticks was also lovely.
yum.
plus, the two of us had plenty of food for a price reasonable enough to allow for gelato at the cafe (or crepes at jean-philippe) for dessert.

I had the a prix fixe bachelorette party dinner here and it was AWESOME.
The ambience, service and menu were perfect for a large, diverse group of girls.
We started with a bunch of appetizers to pass...hearts of romaine caesar salad, yellowtail sashimi with a japapeno slice, spicy tuna on rice cakes and some sliders and fries.
My faves were the super-fresh, nicely spicy sashimi and the juicy, cooked-just-right sliders.
For our entree, we had a choice between roasted chicken, sea bass or pasta.
I chose the sea bass, which was served piping hot on a thick bed of risotto, and perfectly cooked and seasoned (although I wouldn't have minded a lemon wedge to cut through the richness).
The server also brought bowls of their deep-fried mac and cheese to pass, but that tasted kind of funky and was overkill on top of the risotto.
Dessert was soft, banana-filled donuts with two different dipping sauces.
Talk about overdoing it...this was the richest, most over-the-top meal I've had in a while.
Which is how eating in Vegas should always be!

In a word, DISGUSTING.
Service was minimal.
Food was just terrible.
I had the buffalo chicken "wings"  I should have known something was wrong when they had quotations around the "wings.
"  It was just odd.
It literally made me sick to my stomach.
And I had to pay $16 for them on top of it.
Jenn ordered the lobster tacos.
They were so small, you could eat them with a tweezer.
No joke..lol  $100 bucks for disgusting drinks and food?
Jenn, I told you I wanted Grand Lux Cafe!!!!!
I will never be back.

The Lobster tacos rock!
They are served cold.
4 mini tacos with lobster and a mango relish.
Smooth (almost pureed) guacamole on the side.
Would love to make at home but not sure where to get those mini corn hard taco shells?
Also had the mini cheeseburgers - honestly, those were just okay.
Lot of bun ... so I just went for the meat!
:-)  It says kobe, but honestly, was a little dry for my taste.
Did have a small pickle on each.
Lots of fries and when I asked for something besides ketchup for the fries, the guy looked at me as if I were speaking another language.
I then requested specifically the sauce they put on the burger (which is sorta a ketchup/mayo mix) - it was pretty good.
Like the atmosphere - lively, good people-watching of casino and other patrons, decent music (little loud - not intimate).
Since a couple weeks ago recommended to a colleague who was in town and he went for the lobster tacos and also agreed that they rocked!
Would go back with a group and would be fun to order and share with table.

This place is great for the Vegas virgin who wants to eat at Bellagio and  pretend they have the rock star lifestyle.
However, being a Los Angeles native with many years of Vegas experience, I consider "FIX" to be the typical trap.
None of their dishes are stand-outs that you would go to Fix for because they specialize in something special.
Nearly everything they serve can be had much better or cheaper somewhere else.
The steak, yes it was good, but if I want a killer steak for cheaper actually, I'd walk north on Paradise for a couple blocks and sit down at Ruth's Chris.
I sat with a big party and was able to try a variety of dishes.
I personally had the sea bass, which was served on a bed of risotto It was tasty but the small size and "average" dish didn't warrant a $48 price tag.
The drinks carry your typical Vegas price tag.
For a Dewar's on the rocks and a Saphire tonic, the price without tip was $27.
Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but the prices are simply outrageous for dishes I can get better at other high-end restaurants.

An almost perfect dinner.
By myself alone in a corner table near the bar.
Oysters to start with an excellent Pinot followed by a perfectly cooked NY steak and a side of asparagus with a glass of Silver Oak Cab.
Very good service.
Only complaint was the music they played.
I would have preferred quiet piano or jazz but they had some sort of hip hop going.
But the food more than made up for it.

Seabass w risotto- amazing!
It might be the best seabass I've had in my life!
Kobe Sliders- okay, I thought they would be better Filet Mignon- I didn't taste it, but my girlfriends said it was good, but slightly overcooked.
:(    Side of Asparagus- asparagus were a *tad overcooked, but the sauce that accompanied them was mindblowing!
The service at Fix was impeccable.
They were very attentive and made sure that we were very satisfied with our meal.

Unfortunately, I didn't get my FIX.
I am in the middle for this place.
The service was great, they were very hospitable and just attentive without being intrusive.
To conduct such service in an environment, where everyone is either drunk or not from there ... is impressive.
I wouldn't recommend this place for big groups.
When my friend had made the reservation for us, and they said the limit was 5 -- that seemed to make sense.
The environment is intimate, cozy and there is a lot of noise.
The place itself is nice, I love the decor... it's warm woods, make it sexy and the way that it opens up into the hotel is nice.
It doesn't close you off from the hustle and bustle that is the Bellagio... and ultimately, that is Vegas.
Where I run into trouble is the actual menu itself.
It's kind of boring.
The food, I feel is art here.
But more like paint running down a wall.
I was uninspired and slightly sober... so I still hold true to that.
And that is the point of Vegas, if you eat more than you drink... something is to be said.
So ultimately, you don't get your fix.
There was a wide array at the table.
Lobster tacos were $22, and came into very small finger size tacos served on a metal rack.
Pizza was tapas size which ran $18.
Kobe Sliders with Fries runs $25.
Filet runs $50 with no sides.
For myself, I ordered like an anorexic -- because I had just swallowed a buffet earlier in the day.
I did the Fried Mac n' Cheese which was delectable and the Cucumber Essence martini was great.
Total of that $24.
And in true Vegas fashion, somehow $60 escaped me at this place.
All in all, I might come back.
If I can let go of my inner fat girl and not surrender to my natural gluttony.
Because, when I sit down to eat...
I don't expect to feel helpless looking at the food coming out...
I expect to feel slightly satisfied.

adult mac-n-cheese was my favorite thing at FIX.
athough i ordered a brazed short ribs, steak, lobster mashed potatoes, and baby cheeseburgers all on different occasions.
all things i would get again and recommend to friends!
never made it to the full menu at FIX during the dinner time mostly got some snacks before the club when they had a smaller menu.
staff here is so-so

Over rated and over priced.
This is not a $$$, it's really a $$$$ restaurant.
It's incredibly loud, in fact the bass actually rumbles your seat like at a live concert venue.
The food was good but forgettable.
I have to admit I dined at Range in SF the same week where we paid about half as much (it's Michelin star) and the food was twice as good.
The service was relatively snappy although there were pacing issues at the beginning.
About 1/3 of the way through the meal the servers got it back together at which point everything was right on.
They're certainly nice enough, but did nothing memorable - I also felt their wine knowledge was a bit rehearsed as opposed to experienced.
The restaurant itself is tucked next to the Casino in the Bellagio, which means if you sit near the exterior of it your looking out onto the casino, which isn't a memorable view if you ask me.
The restaurant across the casino, called something Fish (yellow fish maybe?
I can't remember) has views of the fountains outside (although the service there was much much worse).
But I guess this is Vegas, and this is what people expect.
We were with someone from LA and she said FIX reminded her of good LA restaurants... which just makes me appreciate SF even more.

3.5.
For the Bellagio, this place is amazingly affordable even though my entire meal with a glass of wine and a bottle of pellegrino was $72.
By no means is that inexpensive but for Vegas and quite possibly the most expensive casino is Vegas, I'll take it.
There was something for everyone here, which was the draw in the first place considering I was eating with extremely picky folks and my salmon dinner was pretty good, although I would have preferred a little pasta (which I filched from my coworker) with the white bean salad that accompanied my fish.
If I ever have to come to Vegas again (which I invariably do - twice in a month next year)  I'd consider the FIX again as a dining option.

The Lobster gnocchi was to die for and I really loved the ahi tuna tatare.
My friends enjoyede the ny strip, creamed spinach and lobster mash.
I finishe my meal with a lovely semillion.
The decor is lovely and the service is fair.
Go earlier in the evening to miss the bustle and have a quiet meal.
If you're at the Bellagio, Fix is definitely worth a visit.

We had a great meal at Fix-tasty buffalo wings (the best in Las Vegas according to our waiter, and he was right!
), asparagus with truffle hollandaise, crispy skin chicken with mashed potatoes, and those tiny lobster tacos!
What an awesome mix of foods!
And the service was wonderful, the atmosphere cool!
We had a table right on the edge of the casino which made for prime people watching!

Ate here again and the chicken, pork chop and ribeye should be added to the list for good entrees.
Had the yellowtail sashimi appetizer and the fish was good quality, but nothing really special there.
Really fun place to eat.
One of the highlights of a great Memorial Day weekend.

If you have been to STACK then you have been to FIX.
Same culinary style, menu and decor.
I do believe the service is better here.
The steak tartar is great.
The donuts!
Fuhgetaboutit!!!!!!!

The Restaurant "Fix" is the kind of restaurant that is designed to perpetuate 'the scene'..
Attractive staff, loud music playing and an open front that faces the casino, right next to the nightclub.
It is actually run by The LIGHT Group.
They run The Bank Nightclub,Jet Nightclub, Yellowtail Sushi, and a few other night-life spots and restaurants around Las Vegas.
It is trendy and LOUD.. with scantily clad female servers and bartenders.. and is normally not the kind of place that I would go for a good meal , but we were there to have a night out on the town so it was perfect.
The food was good, the service was good and it really wasn't as expensive as you would expect.
I mean.. it was about $80 per person when all was said and done, but that was with 4 cocktails, an appetizer of Lobster Tacos, two entrees and two side items.
Not 'everyday' kind of spending.. but i t was quality and I liked it.
I had the Kurobuta Porkchop for my dinner, and my friend had the Scallops... good quality on both.
I would go there again for sure.. provided that it was a party-kind-of night.. not for a quiet meal.
Good stuff!

The food is good.
It is best for a casual dinner or appetizers.
It is a good place to enjoy drinks and people watch the casino.

My friend tried this place out, loved it, and recommended it to us for drinks and appetizers.
So my boyfriend and I checked out yelp, loved the reviews, and tried it out.
We ordered:   Crab Cake Bites - $17 BLT Style, Fingerling Chips, Onion Dip: yummy!
They come in 3 - 3 to 4 bite sliders and a small side of potato chips   Lobster Tacos - $21 Grilled Mango, Cilantro: you MUST get this!!!
they come in 4 bite size tacos with lime, and they are DELICIOUS!!!
Bobby Baldwin Burgers - $25 Kobe Sliders - A Threesome Aged Cheddar, Grilled Onions, Spiced Fries: yummy!
comes with 3 sliders.
We also ordered 3 glasses of white wine to go with our meal.
Bill came out to a little over $100 for 2 people.
A little pricey, but was definitely worth it.
Great service, ambiance and music!
We didn't make reservations, so we sat in the lounge area, which was really nice.
Would definitely recommend and go back to try out more things on the menu!

FIX used to be my MOST FAVORITE restaurant to eat.
not anymore, the crown now goes to Alexander's from Cupertino,CA and Crab Landing from HMB, CA.
what happened?
the last time i went, the food was bad and this time , both the food and service were bad.
actually the food weren't too bad, they weren't amazing anymore.
Service however is another story.
MY PET PEEVE WHEN DINING: bussers/servers asking if you're done with your plate while you're still shoving food in your mouth.....
???
...   if you see me chewing and holding a fork with food on my plate still.....obviously i'm not done.
I don't get it, this should be common sense to ANYONE who works in a restaurant...
right???
Well, the busser here asked if my cousin was done eating as she was putting her chicken in her mouth.
Not sure why she was so passive because she allowed them to take away her plate when it was only HALF eaten.
okay anyway... we ordered from the late-night menu: -LOBSTER TACO was still amazing.
highly recommend everyone to try this.
-THE BOBBY BALDWIN BURGER was dry -SiMPLY ROASTED CHICKEN was okay.
my cousin is a frequent here and told me it usually is good.
-SPICY TUNA  dessert: -CREME BRULEE -DONUTS.... OMG... banana filled donuts with chocolate sauce.
yummm  We believe that the food weren't as good (especially the burger when it was one of the finest) because they were rushing to go home.

Why did I come here?
I've been to the sister property at Mirage (Stack) and thought it was mediocre at best.
At Stack I found the service at the table to be pretty good, and the food was pretty good.
What I hated about the place was the attitude of the hostess and the women behind the bar.
Well, that and the fact that the place was ridiculously overpriced.
And you know what?
Fix is just like Stack!
The hostess had the same crappy attitude, and just like at Stack we were seated at probably the worst table in the restaurant.
Yes, that's right, the restaurant stereotype lives - parties with children or women dining without men get stuffed in the back corner tables.
But the worst attitudes are the women behind the bar.
These girls have a heightened sense of self-importance the likes of which I have never seen (just like at Stack).
These women are walking sterotypes.
The table service was attentive and good.
The food wasn't bad - I had a New York strip, daughter had Kobe sliders with fries, wife had filet with shrimp.
Wife and I each had a cocktail.
$25 for two cocktails?
Really?
I mean, really?
Tanqueray & tonic is $11?
Really?
What a rip-off.
The bill for three of us (only one cocktail for each adult) and no dessert was over $200.
I feel like I have been completely ripped off, and I'd rather have that feeling at the craps table.
As an aside, this place could gain an extra star if it would do two things: 1) enforce the dress code; 2) dump the women behind the bar

Wow - did my buttons get pushed on my last visit.
Our same group of 4 was really looking forward to another amazing experience....I'm pretty sure I ruined that.
I'm a vegetarian of over 20 years.
Menus and restaurant choices have come a long way since then, which allows me to find something to eat other than a salad when I go out.
Back to Fix.
We all ordered the same items....Kobe burgers, tomato soup, and adult mac and cheese sticks.
Here's where things went bad.....
I get through half of a mac and cheese stick and feel something funny in my mouth.
Something not mac-y and not cheese-y.
I pull it out of my mouth and see - gasp - MEAT!
WHAT!?!??!!
Fiance confirmed.
It's MEAT.
When the waitress came over, I asked her if there was bacon in the mac and cheese sticks.
She says "No, it's prosciutto, why?
You don't eat pork?
"  I told her NO, I'm a VEGETARIAN, and the menu did not list pork as an ingredient and you did not tell me when I ordered that pork is an ingredient.
I had to pull out the piece of pork from my MOUTH before I realized it was an ingredient.
She replies with an "I know, they really should list it on the menu.
"  And she walks away.
Hello!??!?!?!
I was polite about it but firmly expressed that I was not happy.
No offer to get my something else, no offer to comp them, nothing.
I would have at least liked some effin' donuts.
Geez.
I just couldn't believe the any upscale restaurant in this day and age would have the audacity to not list an ingredient like MEAT.
It's so frustrating.
Okay, I'm climbing off the soapbox now.
Good night.

Although these days I spend a lot of my time teaching people about diet and exercise and helping folks eat LESS or eat a little healthier, I am definitely not opposed to scarfing down a damn good burger once in a while.
Or as was the case this past weekend, three days in a row.
This past week, my husband and I went to Las Vegas for a conference.
Usually, we go to various buffets (we're very classy people), some of the more affordable diners and restaurants, and maybe ONE nice ($$$$) restaurant.
This time, we were blessed with a very generous Visa gift card left over from our wedding presents, and that meant only one thing: we were going to eat like royalty every night.
While in Vegas this past week, we went to FIX at the Bellagio, Onda at the Mirage, Mesa Grill at Caesar's Palace, and Le Burger Brasserie at Paris.
First up, FIX...
The first night we met up at the Bellagio with some friends from San Antonio who were staying there.
Unsure where to go, we walked around a bit, and they suggested FIX, featuring high-end American food (Chef Brian Massie).
There were some things on the menu that sounded crazy-good, but my eyes kept going back to the Bobby Baldwin* Burgers.
No matter how tempting the steak, seabass or salmon seemed, I think my mind was already made up.
The funny thing is that all four of us ordered the exact same thing.
So what are the Bobby Baldwin Burgers?
Three perfect little Kobe Beef sliders, with aged cheddar and grilled onions, on buttery buns.
They came with the most delicious french fries I've ever tasted.
The dish was $25 and while I was hesitant to pay that much for freaking sliders, after one bite, I shit you not, I would have paid $50.
It was that good.
The meat was juicy and perfectly cooked, medium well, with just the right amount of onions and cheese, and a slice of tomato and pickle (I took those out).
The buns were soft and lightly sweet, and together with the flavor of the cheese, it was an amazing combination.
The fries... holy hell.
They had a spice I can't put my finger on, but it was something along the lines of ranch/buttermilk, and crispy on the outside but not crunchy.
Just right.
The men sat out the dessert course (lightweights!
) but we girls shared a Shake and Cake - espresso malt shake and a warm chocolate brownie with some whipped cream on the side.
The shake was small and came in an espresso cup, with a milk and white chocolate "straw".
The brownie was about 3 x 3 inches, and not very thick, with an ooey gooey chocolate center.
Not sure if it was syrup or just very melted ganache.
The whole thing was VERY rich, and pretty tasty, but after seeing the warm donuts making their way to someone else's table, I had donut envy and wished we'd ordered that instead.
As for the bill - if I remember correctly, it was about $160 for four people, including two sodas (diet, not that it mattered much) and two glasses of wine.
None of us had known what to expect, but after this, we would not hesitate to eat there again (and I'll absolutely get the warm donuts next time).
*Bobby Baldwin: So I didn't know (shame on me?
) why these burgers were named after some guy.
After a little research (thanks to the Beast who actually found what I was looking for), turns out Mr. Baldwin is not just some guy who likes burgers: http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2007/sep/18/qa-bobby-baldwin/

oooooooooohhh i love fix.
came here with a group of 6 and we all enjoyed the food big time.
seafood platter is a must to share with the table... everything tasted fresh and good.
i think we all ordered steaks and such and  everything was good tasting.
this restaurant is good for young groups because its really lively and the decor is super nice too.
A... i will come back if this type of food is what i crave!!

Please tell me why do I need to make a reservation on a Monday @ 6 pm in order to sit in a primarily empty restaurant?
True, a few of us weren't looking our best, considering we just got off a plane.
But we were on the way to Bellagio Buffet and instead, got tempted by the FIX pre-fixe menu on display.
Something we sadly did not even get.
We opted for appetizers:  overpriced, cute, tiny hot wings, fried rock shrimp and calamari, deep fried spring rolls, and gorgonzola fig prosciutto pizza.
Wow, $160 for all of that?
Should've kept on walking towards Buffet.
I'm still sad that I didn't even eat at one!

The restaurant is good for people watching as it's open and next to the poker room at bellagio.
I've also seen a few famous poker players eat here.
It's cute and trendy, and the food is pretty good although it's tiny portions and expensive.
i like the lobster tacos, and kobe beef sliders.
i definitely wont eat here if I'm super hungry though.

Convienent for being right where I was staying- Bellagio.
And I'm ashamed to admit we ate here twice while in town for work.
(I was there for 7 days!
) Firs time, got the sea bass, and while the flavors were good, it was cold- ew.
Second time, opted for the mini cheeseburgers, which since I can enjoy them with ketchup, I obviously liked.
Our party of 6 could not resist the donut desert just to see what it looked like, but I wouldn't recommend it.
Just really not that great.
Overall, the place is a good late night, people watching, quick bite to eat spot in Bellagio.
No fine dining here.

This restaurant is still wonderful in my book.
Had the Pris Fix menu with a Raspberry Sin cocktail on the side.
(Two of them actually)  Started with a delicious bibb lettuce salad (with walnuts and fried Gorgonzola balls).
Steak Frites was cooked to perfection - and made even better with the side of  "very adult fried mac and cheese".
Dessert - homemade donuts with chocolate and peanut dipping sauces.
Shared all this with hubby who had the Kobe beef sliders - another favorite.
Always love this place - loved when the entire restaurant broke in to song when "Don't Stop Believing" blared over the stereo.

Ate dinner at Fix on 8/19.
We made reservations and were seated promptly.
Our service was great from start to finish.
I wish I could remember our servers names because they were spectacular.
We started off with the Bobby Baldwin Burgers.
While they were really delicious it was the fries that stole my heart.
Whatever seasoning they used was amazing.
We wanted to get dessert so we decided to split an entree and get two sides.
We were already set on the adult mac and cheese and lobster mash when were told there was a special 3 sides for $23.
We added asparagus to the mix as well.
For the entree we chose the surf and turf.
Short ribs and a lobster tail.
All of the sides were great.
The lobster mash was spectacular.
The flavoring on the asparagus was great.
And as we expected the adult mac and cheese was beyond delicious.
Really enjoyed the sides.
The short ribs were tender and delicious but the lobster tail was quite bland and small.
Nothing impressive.
We really enjoyed our meal and experience at Fix and plan to dine there again on our next trip.
I would recommend it to others considering dining there.

We only sampled the appetizers here unfortunately so I don't know how they compare to the main dishes.
However, between my party of 8 we ordered 2 of each; Lobster tacos, Kobe sliders, Yellowtail sashimi, kobe chili cheese fries, wings, and the adult mac & cheese.
In the end it seemed a bit over priced for fancied junk food in an atmosphere that was a bit too loud.
And be forewarned that the mac & cheese is not for the weak!

I really enjoyed our meal at Fix.
Even though we made reservations we were still urged to wait at the bar and it would be about a 10 min.
wait.
Hey, I don't mind going to the bar...just don't make me wait toooo long....which it wasn't.
We were seated promptly just after getting a drink at the bar.
The bar is pretty nice by the way.
The restaurant is right off the casino floor, so when you add in the music and all the extra noise it can be a lil loud.
Anyways, we started with the shell fix appetizer which consisted of lots of shellfish options, like fresh lobster, prawns, crab, clams, oysters.
It was good, but it was also a bit pricey.
I had the drunken lobster as my main and my significant other had a steak (don't ask me which one).
His steak was the best he had ever had, and my lobster kicked a$$!
To end our evening we had the warm banana bread pudding, and let me just tell you I would go back to this restaurant just to have this dessert again...it was that good!!!
To sum it up, the food was excellent and the ambiance was pretty nice as well.
I am only giving Fix 4 out of 5 stars because we were seated really close to the door to the back where all the food comes out, so it was very busy around us.
Also, the seating was very close, so with out trying we ended up hearing our neighbor's conversation...not my cup of tea!

Rating: 3.5 We decided to get a bunch of small plates to share.
We went with the soft shell crabs (special of the day), crispy rock shrimp, lobster tacos, BLT wedge salad, yellowtail sashimi and spring rolls.
Everything I tasted was great but I do wish the tacos were larger (they were the size of my pinky finger).
The desserts were mind blowing.
Overall, I enjoyed the vibe and food but felt it was overpriced even for Las Vegas standards.
I will return for dessert at the very least.

We dined here this weekend with a party of 12 for a 9:30 reservation on a firday night.
Our table was nice and pretty private which was great for a large party on a busy night but that was one of the only good things about this place.
Everything on the menu sounds great but not much actually delivers.
Standout dishes were 2 entrees- the scallops and the seabass.
Portions here are small and service is not good.
Our apps came out in literally 5 minutes however entrees took more than an hour.
By the end of the meal we just wanted to get out of there and so we past on dessert.
Portions small and prices too high for what you get, even for Vegas.
Bottom line- go somewhere else... not worth the money.

I am not one to write restaurant reviews.
In fact, I've never written one.
I'm writing this one only because the unhappy memories of dining at Fix have stayed with me for several days.
I understand that expensive food has become the norm in Vegas but more often than not when you spend more than $100 for food on the Strip you're likely to get something really good.
First of all, FIX looks great from the outside but from inside it's sort of a mess.
One half is way too dark so that you literally can't read what's in front of you and the other half is illuminated with the glare of slot machines.
It's really annoying.
I ordered the $18 Spring Roll appetizer which consisted of three, right of out of the box frozen, greasy, machine-made springs rolls.
It was really astonishing.
My entree was the Kobe sliders - something like $25.
I swear to God these are the same sliders you can buy at Costco, although my memory is that the one's you get at Costco taste better.
The buns were as generic as bread can possibly be.
Flavorless, dry, hard to swallow.
There was a little dab of mayo and a little slice of roma tomato on each one, plus one of them had a little purple string that we finally identified as a grilled onion.
The meat was tasteless.
The presentation was horrible.
My fellow diner HATED his penne pasta entree and didn't finish half of it.
He said it was so salty it was inedible.
I would probably have complained but we had somewhere we need to be and just wanted to get out of there.
The waiters were efficient.
I felt back for them.
It must suck to serve food you know people aren't going to like.
Don't go here.

Ruined by music.
It should be calm and tranquil, Like wood on ceiling.

I'd fly back to Vegas just for the Truffle pasta.
It was a pasta of the day, and what a glorious, glorious day that was.
Er, two days (it was THAT good).
I cant even remember anything else we ate (it was all delish) because we were in a heavenly like, orgasmic state.
We might not have even talked the entire meal, other than about how great the pasta was.
It's very likely at the top of my last meal on earth list.
I love you, truffle pasta.
You are the pasta of my life.

One of my fave restaurants in Vegas!
Not that expensive (and not cheap of course).
Oysters are good here.
Also had the Beef Carpaccio, tuna tartare, and sea bass.
All excellent.
Lobster mash potatoes were yum too.
Want to come back to try some of the other menu items!

Decided to stop here for a small/quick bite before the debauchery began.
The restaurant is constructed entirely of Costa Rican wood which gives it a very dark mysterious feel to it.
The Lil Wayne and Gucci Mane music on the other hand were not.
I'm up for that music when I'm dancing in a nightclub, not when I'm eating my dinner.
Foodwise..they get a thumbs up!
For an appetizer we got the lobster taco.
Yummy, but you get 4 bite sized tacos for the hefty price of $22...not worth it.
The $18 French Dip is worth every penny and then some!
Best I've ever had!
Thick slices of steak that melted in your mouth with every bite, sandwhiched between a soft chewy baguette.
bread!
Do not try any of the signature cocktails...We tried half the menu and they just got worse as we kept ordering.
Every single one of them is overloaded with simple syrup it's disgusting.

Mediocre.
Hubby loved his pasta with prosciutto & black truffle cream sauce...my "simple roasted chicken "was boring and uninspired-the only saving grace for this dish was the smoked mash, which was quite delightful although a little on the cool side (temp wise) The atmosphere is nice and dark- perfect if you have an ugly date!
The music is too loud if you want to enjoy a conversation with your table mate.
Lastly- the menu has hardly changed in two years.
We're passing on Fix.

We were staying at the hotel and wanted something not too fancy which is not that easy to find inside of this hotel.
We settled on the FIX where I wasn't too sure about the food but once it got to the table I have to say....it was really good.
The sliders were really good & I had the tomato soup/grill cheese and it was VERY good.
Here lays the problem it was $50 for soup, sliders and a small grilled cheese (we had water).
That is alot of $$$ but we just went with the flow...and it ended up ok.

I will not return to Fix!
...and you shouldn't either!
We were staying next door at Aria for opening weekend and decided to try FIX next door at Bellagio.
We decided to take our time, ordering a couple appetizers at a time until we decided on the entrees while having our drinks.
The sliders were ok, the calamari: decent... it wasn't until we received our lobster tacos that we realized we had chosen the wrong restaurant.
$22 for 4 extremely tiny mini lobster tacos!
Almost no lobster and the worst part was they were ice cold, as if they had been pulled out of the refrigerator and served!
The piece of cilantro on top was bigger than the entire taco shell!
The waiter kept asking us if we wanted to order a bottle of wine... we were having drinks from the bar and weren't interested.
Then we noticed the only tables getting good service were the ones with wine!
We couldn't even remember which waiter was ours since we only saw him maybe once or twice!
We were ready to order entrees but never had a chance because  all the waiters in the restaurant were hanging around the hostess stand.
A large table of 6 seated nearby left after their appetizers because of the terrible service, and the waiters did nothing to try to stop them... they literally stood up and walked out!
I don't even think they ended up paying!
Now we know why the restaurant was almost empty on a night that should've been full!
Not to mention, the bathroom was not clean... considering they have a bathroom attendant right outside the door!
*btw, if you're looking for some GOOD lobster tacos, try Blue Martini in Towne Square!
They actually use the entire lobster tail in one piece in a large flour tortilla they way it should be!
And if you go during happy hour, they're half price!

Fix is not as fancy as other Michelin-star restaurants in Vegas, but their appetitzers are very innovative and tasty!
Try their lobster tacos.
They are so fresh and juicy.
Loved them!
This place is a great place for late-night bites.
Go for their appetitzers.. their entrees were okay, but I would go somewhere else for $50+ dinner per person.

49.00 for 12 ounce steak and it does not come with side orders.
3 small egg roll for 18.00. hey, isn't that cost more than macdonald french fries?
this place is not good for nonsmokers.
smoke from casino goes straight to the restaurant.
we smell like smokers  and my eyes turn red when we left.our bills for 2 persons was 234.00 without alcohol.
now i know why the owner drive a lamborghini

We dropped in for a drink and couple of appetizers, and weren't very impressed.
I felt as if we had walked into a full blown club, and not a restaurant.
I was hoping for some good drinks, but to my disappointment, the drinks were subpar, how can you be a bartender in Vegas and NOT know how to make a drink?
The food was pretty much the best part, though we only ordered some appetizers to snack on before our eight hour alcohol binge.
Service was inadequate, I just felt like the experience should've been so much more than it was.

i had the scallops benedict with apple wood bacon and crab hollandaise.
it was pretty incredible.
the service was pretty slow and not that great.
the prices are a bit steep but what can you expect at the bellagio?
in conclusion, i would definitely go back and order those scallops.
that good.

I visited Fix over 2 years ago (May 2007).
While pricey (hey is anything at the Bellagio not pricey), the Fix was an amazing experience.
Love their hip decor, from the dark colors to the lighting, the chairs and even their dinnerware.
Service was friendly although a little haughty.
I ordered the halibut and can safely say it has been the best halibut I have ever had.
Definitely worth checking out if you want to enjoy good food and good looking people.

Some of the best sliders I've eaten, Kobe I believe.

Fix is a nice, trendy, and fairly loud restaurant.
The lobster tacos were superb.
I could have eaten 8 of them.
There are three to an order.
The shells were crispy and lobster bouncy (fresh).
The veal chop was the best I've ever had.
It was very tender and the red wine reduction sauce had a nice bite to it.
The mushrooms on top of the veal added nice flavoring as well.
I didn't enjoy the side of mushrooms (part of side section on menu) though; they were too buttery for my taste.

For my 30th birthday we stayed at the Bellagio.
This was the first Vegas trip where we didn't have to jump to hotel to hotel.
We made reservations and were seated promptly.
I was impressed how down to earth the server and hostesses were.
I enjoyed the 90s music they played which I felt was appropriate for my dirty 30.  ;)  The portions of food were small, but we kind of expected that.
The food was tasty and I enjoyed my birthday donuts with the dipping sauce.
I hope to return here again soon.

If you like meat FIX will satisfy that hunger!
Me on the other hand, a vegetarian, just stuck with the drinks.
=)  But the venue was pretty sweet.
I love the resturants that have no walls or windows and so you can interact with people passing you by.
GREAT PEOPLE WATCHING!
The service was really fast too.
People at our table had mini burgers & french fries, lobster tacos, buffalo wings, spicy tuna...finger food basically!
Even though I didn't eat anything, I still had a blast tasting all the different drinks.
If my meal wasn't complementary, I probably wouldn't of gone here.
It is really pricey.
For one drink its $14.
I rather spend that money on a cute outfit...

Out of all of the Light Group restaurants that I have tried, Fix remains my favorite!
Let's go back light years ago, when I worked at Caramel Lounge as a Cocktail Waitress.
When Fix first opened in 2005, I was fortunate to be able to attend the grand opening and got my fix on!
In addition, the Light Group employees had discount rates so I took advantage of the delicious appetizers and meals from FIX kitchen at the end of my shifts.
My ultimate favorites are:  Kobe Beef Sliders - These little succulent burgers are served on a long rectangular plate and poked with a toothpick to keep everything in place.
Yellowtail Sashimi with Jalapeno and Ponzu sauce - Yes!
The Jalapeno on top of the yellowtail is so addicting that ever since my first bite, I always order my sushi with thin sliced Jalapenos  Fingerlicking FIX Buffalo Style Wings - These chicken wings are re-shaped into the bone so that it is perfectly fit for a finger licking FIX!
You will understand if you have tried this!
Bobby Baldwin Burgers - Named after Mr. Bobby Baldwin himself...
This comes with the Kobe Beef Sliders with the spiced fries, grilled onions and aged cheddar.
The fries are seasoned just right with an aged cheddar dip, which makes you feel like you are fine dining with Nacho Cheese extravaganza!
Crispy - Rock Shrimp Chili and Calamari Lime are crispy appetizer delight seasoned with a fresh taste of ocean.
Dry Aged Rib Eye - This rib eye steak is enormous that Chef Brian Massie himself, was surprised that I could I kill off the steak on my own leaving without a trace, except for the trails of my fork from sweeping up the excess meat juice!
At my recent visit, I tried the lobster tacos in addition to my favorites.
I love the freshness of the grilled mango and another must try is the martini drink called the cucumber essence!
Cucumber martini is so delicious and perfect for a hot summer day to cool off from the heat!
Fix has great interiors and lounge music playing.
I have always enjoyed  the restaurant being open to the casino and it's nice to people watch as they walk back and forth from casino to the Bellagio shops.
In addition, Fix staff are friendly and servers are beautiful.
If you have the cash to splurge and want to check out a beautiful staff, then put your nice out fit on and get fixed at Fix...

Came here for a bachelorette dinner and loved it so much that I had to take my bf to FIX the next time we went to Vegas.
The Chilean seabass with the seafood risotto is sooooo good.
They also had these little smoked salmon balls with cream cheese in the middle that they serve on little forks.
You're supposed to eat them with these little pancake like things and they are sooooo good too.

Really?
Really?
Two stars for the hours...and the location and for the bite size portions tasting good during the one bite you have.
The value is non-existent.
Yes, it's Vegas, but I don't believe I will push my luck in finding a meal I can walk away from happily here.

This place has a great atmosphere and ambiance for being in Vegas.
My friend and I were talking about how one of the things we don't enjoy in Vegas is having dinner in a dead mall.
Most of the restaurants that we enjoy always end up being in the mall and of course, no life around what so ever, so during dinner, we'll be looking outside and there's no one.
We're in Vegas!
We want the life and the hustling of people outside!
Coming here wasn't planned.
We have heard of FIX in Bellagio being a great restaurant and just knew that it was your typical American food.
The birthday girl wanted some great American food and some meat!
So between FIX and Tao Restaurant, we decided to go with FIX.
Coming here, our wait wasn't long, but we did happen to make a quick reservations before coming.
We were seated in a nice little booth and then the menus were presented to us.
The menu of course was a bit pricey and a little pricier than we had expected.
The boyfriend and I got the pork and the other couple got the filet mignon.
Both were delicious!
Omg!
Both were cooked to perfection!
The pork, we actually had that cooked medium and it was very tender, juicy and flavorful!
It's always a hit or miss for me with pork at restaurants, but FIX does it really well!
We also got some sides: mashed potatoes, fried mac and cheese and asparagus.
The mashed potatoes were smoked mashed potatoes and it truly had a smokey flavor to it which was interesting.
The asparagus had a truffle sauce that accompanied it which made it 100x better!
The fried mac and cheese wasn't really my favorite.
But the boyfriend reallllly liked it!
I wouldn't mind coming here again in the future!
But of course, probably for an event.

This place is seriously amazing.
It's open late (2am) and you can get some amazing food.
The sides are wonderful and the filet is the best I have ever had.
I always come here after a big fight in Vegas because it is sensational.
The doughnuts aren't too bad either.

We had such a great time here.
Good vibe, good food and great spot to people watch.
The service was excellent too!
Our waiter hooked us up with VIP passes to The Bank and walked us to the front of the line.

I've been to FIX twice and had a great experience both times.
The hostess at Stack referred us to FIX when they couldn't accommodate our party.
I like the ambiance/scene at Stack much better but other than that the restaurants are very similar.
The staff at FIX was friendly and our food came out pretty quickly even though it was busy and we had a large group.
The tables for large groups are circular which is nice.
I definitely recommend the fried mac and cheese, truffle oil fries and the ceaser salad.
The tacos are literally bitesized and some of other items are on the smaller size as well.
The food is amazing so I will definitely eat at FIX again.

Nice, cool atmosphere.
Our waitress was about 6'2" and 10 car pile- up hot.
The lobster tacos were outstanding.
The steak was fine, nothing out of this world, just fine.
I wish she wouldn't have talked me out of that veal chop but, honestly, I think she could have talked me into pigs knuckles and I wouldn't have made a fuss.
I'm a little weak that way.
The chicken wings were good.
The salad was good.
The spicy tuna was unspectacular.
The service was slow and unfocused but it was sufferable because of our Amazonian Goddess, Britany.
This is a see and be seen place right off the casino floor.
3.5 stars and a smiley face.

Waited 90 mins with a reservation and we were staying at the hotel.
Other than that the rib eye was very good.
Martinis were ok but $20, um no.
Service was great other than the wait but it was Sat night and i think some russian mob boss walked up with 15 people and was seated immediately, so if you're a mob boss or something then you wont have to wait.
Other than that i would go back next time we stay there.

Was there for my bachelor party back in 2008, ok food, they were 45 minutes late in seating us.
They also pushed 2 round tables together which made people have to sit in a gap.
I had fun just because I got drunk but otherwise this place sucked.
I hope that since then FIX got fixed.

for one of our bachelorette festivities we ate at fix restaurant & bar in the bellagio.
we had a fixed menu which consisted of kobe sliders with fries, ceasar salad, yellowtail sashimi and spicy tuna appetizers.
strange mix of appetizers you say?
well, as the meal went on, the combo got weirder.
for the main entrees, we had a choice of roasted chicken and mash potatoes, sea bass over risotto or penne pasta with prosciutto.
during our main entree, the waiter brings over a plate of large fried squares that looked like large fries.
turns out they were fried mac & cheese sticks!
omg!
where did that come from?!
and for dessert: donuts with chocolate and peanut butter sauces for dipping.
so the yellowtail sashimi and spicy tuna were really good, probably the best things on our fixed menu that night.
the penne pasta was also surprisingly delicious and although the sea bass tasted ok, they had put some tomato paste on top of it which was weird - it was as if they had run out of ways to make it taste good so they slapped on some tomato paste.
the donuts turned out good but the chocolate sauce tasted salty and the peanut sauce was like eating dry roasted peanuts.
not creamy and rich like you'd think it would be.
this was the strangest combo of food i'd ever seen.
it was like they gave the menu to a kid and asked him what he wanted to eat that night and they slapped it all together.
the combination of all these foods gave some people stomach aches and i think the people who ate the sea bass got the worst belly aches b/c none of us felt right the next day!
if you're going to put a fixed menu together at least match up the foods better so they blend well with each other.
don't spin the roulette wheel!

The food and service were hit and miss.
While the Ultimate Shell appetizer was exceptional with really fresh ingredients, the ribeye was overcooked.
The lobster taco appetizer was really good with nice clean flavor but the warm doughnut was a disappointment.
Our main server was MIA most of the night and wasn't particularly nice or helpful when she was around.
However, the assistant server was very professional and friendly.
He single handedly made our dining experience enjoyable.
The lighting was a bit too dark for me and despite some shortcomings, FIX is a cool place to enjoy dinner with pop and dance music in the background.
Nothing beats eating a fat piece of ribeye while humming to a Lily Allen song.

Good tiny burgers.
Good spicy tuna.
Excessively expensive.
Service ok.
Loud.
Smells like casino.

Had the pork chop, cooked perfectly medium.
Prawns were giant and the beef carpacchio was really good.

This place is ehh on so many levels.
Started with the baby lettuce salads.
They had nothing to them.
I ordered the Chicken, which had nothing to it.
My date had the Fillet which was equally as disappointing.
One of the lamest things about Fix is that it sits right in the middle of the casino, so the entire time you're trying to enjoy your $80 a plate meal, your hearing screaming and ching ching ching every 5 seconds.
The food here is always drab.
If you're going to spend $80-100 a plate for dinner, make it worthwile and steer clear of this place.
Food = Boo  Ambiance = Very boo Recommendation:  Putting a sign under FIX that says "don't do it"

My friends needed to catch the Cirque show at Bellagio and decided to grab dinner, logically at the same hotel to save some time.
After going thru the list of eateries a few times over, we settled on FIX as it seemed to offer the most of what everyone liked.
Now I was hungry but my friends were less so we had a lighter than normal meal overall.
Located right off the casino floor, FIX has the dimly lit atmosphere and styling of your typical overpriced LA restaurant accompanied by a menu that is primarily steak & seafood, aka American cuisine.
It seemed to cater to a slightly older crowd meaning mostly diners ranging from 30-50s and with that a pretty relaxed crowd with no booming music or crazy light shows...all that was provided for free from the casino floor.
You can dine either in the bar portion which has a few tables and be served by hot cocktail waitresses, or in the normal, much larger dining area and be served by more conventional servers.
I ordered the trio wagyu beef sliders and 'adult mac n cheese'.
The beef sliders were alright, juicy and cooked with a healthy pink in the center, so nothing to complain about, they hit all the right notes but I wasn't wowed or felt like it was a party in the mouth.
Adult mac n cheese - ok this was the anticpated party.
Basically I was served what looked like 3 giant fried & breaded mozzarella sticks and thought 'uh ok' picked one up and took a bite.
Wow.
Flavoured with white truffle essence, this were incredibly rich, intense, powerful sticks of bundled macarorrni floating in a cheesy suspension and they were damn good, in fact i took two of them to go and ate them on my walk back to my hotel down the strip.
My friends ordered the beet & greens salad which was ok but not remarkable and the lobster tacos.
Ok  at first I thought they were joking when the tacos arrived because they looked good...but were scaled for the size of 2 foot tall human beings, picking them up were a challenge as I kept worrying they would slip between the cracks of my fingers.
Again, they were decent but a little dissapointing due to do the size (but they did make for hilarious photo ops).
I scanned the other tables to see what their main entrees looked like and the various seafood, pasta and steak dishes looked like moderate to healthy sized portions, especially the two levels of 'surf n turf' I saw.
Will I come back here?
Probably not, there was little in the experience to draw me back but what we had was interesting enough or at least provided us a good laugh which makes it sort of worth going once.

Fix Bar and Grill is located  inside the Bellagio Hotel.
I dined here only because my sister was getting married at the Bellagio.
We had a reservation for a party of 20, if your entire party can't make it there is a $40 fee per empty seat.
Our party was seperated into 3 tables, they have no large tables there.
After being seated we where greeted by several waiters, they share the tables.
We were served by a very mean waiter.
He gave us total attitude, forgot to take one persons order at our table.
We waited 30 mintues for our food.
While the other two tables ate we sat staring at each other.
I spoke to the manager about our horrible service and he apologized, of course.
Out of our three tables mine was the only one that added the tip to our bill.
So my thinking is because we didn't not order as much liquor as all the other tables and I spoke to the manager, they then added the tip to my bill to guarantee they got something out of us.
My aunt told me that because Vegas really has know gauranteed customer returns there is no need to try to impress the customer.
SO TRUE.
I do not recommend anyone eating here at FIX.
The food was pricey and really didn't taste that great.
Service was horrible to say the least and if there was a star that gives a 1/2 Star I would have choosen that.

My cousin came up on bacarrat, and decided to treat us all out.
So walked to around Bellagio, and settled on this place -- can't go wrong with steak and lobster.
It was Aug 1, a Sunday night.
The place is pretty dark.
Woulda been nice to have an intimate dinner for 2-4.
We had 12 or so?
They seated us at 2 adjacent round tables.
Our table was having lots of fun and laughing, so the other table asked if we could have em pushed together, and they actually did it... kinda weird to have 2 round tables pushed together, but whatever.
They played a lot of top 40s hits, which I felt kinda threw off the ambience.
Jazz or R&B mighta been better.
Anyway, I went with the seabass, as did a cousin of mine.
It came with risotto, which we both noticed was undercooked.
The seabass itself was ok, but not worth $30.
Another cousin got the filet mignon, which he loved.
He also raved about the sauce it came with...  We also got the aspargus with truffle fondue sauce, which was... interesting.
It was a delicate texture that packed a punch, but I can't say I would get it again.
The lobster mash looked and sounded amazing, but disappointingly fell short.
One of my cousin's daughter got a steak + Maine lobster.
She thought it was good, but nothing great.
The other table got "the ultimate Shell fix," which was this big appetizer plate with lobster, prawns, crab, clams, and oysters.
When they bring it out, everyone's eyes lit up and we oo'd... it definitely help whet our appetite.
I think it came out on a 4-layer plate rack... brownie points for presentation.
The bill came to over $600, and it was nice of my cousin to pay for all of us.
Personally, I separate my dining experiences into the following 3 categories:  1) dining out = $20-30 2) splurge = $40-60 3) big splurge = $100+  And the line between splurge and "big" splurge is thin.
I think for the amount of money dropped per person at Fix, we could've enjoyed our food much more.
To be fair, probably 75% of us were really happy with the food.
I was still held up on the hard risotto, and the "meh" seabass.
Next time I'm back in Vegas to splurge on a meal, I would definitely want to check out a new place.

1) Shrimp cocktail appetizer - HUGE shrimps 2) Scallop entree - comes with 3 scallops and were cooked to perfection 3) Adult mac and cheese - Very filling.
Share between 2 people otherwise you won't have room for an entree.
4) Chicken entree - Very crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside  Service - EXCELLENT

I wanted to like them.
But on several levels they just seemed to miss the mark.
The female staff was clearly hired because they're easy on the eyes, but some of those girls were dumber than a box a cheap plastic fake hair at the Korean beauty supply shop.
Considering the prices, the service was not up to par.
I've gotten better service at places where the entrees were a third of the price.
Also, the lighting is dark.
Is it weird that I like to see my food?
I had food here with a friend, then others in our group met us for drinks.
Sadly even though we told the host we were expecting others our friends still had problems communicating that to the host and finding us.
My recommendation - this is a places to head for lounging more than munching.
It was easy to actually have a conversation and hang out.

I have been to FIX many times and was lucky enough to dine here last Saturday again.
We typically sit in the bar/lounge and love to get a seat along the edge where we can watch people come in and out of the Bellagio.
Obviously, the people watching on a Saturday night is primo!
So....after much thought, I started with the cucumber martini.
I love cucumber martinis, so the thought involved whether I wanted to pay $20 for a martini.
Yes, $20.
However, I must say it was a huge, fabulous treat with a long skewer of cherry tomatoes and sliced cucumber sticking out of it.
Totally worth the price.
It was the second or third time I indulged in the sliders.
They are delicious, and I love the little jar of ketchup that is included.
We also ordered the steak fries that have cheese and truffle oil  and the adult mac and cheese.
All were fabulous, and it was actually too much food!
Four stars rather than five due to the service.
We waited a good 10-15 minutes before our server acknowledged us.
This is one of my biggest pet peeves.
She was very friendly but not very attentive.
Not sure how this happens with a business that is busy every single night all year long!
The service should be better.

I only went to FIX for the famous warm doughnuts but the service was awesome, the doughnuts were delicious, and the decor and location are perfect!
I am definitely going back to try dinner on my next trip.

Pricey, but it's Vegas.
Everything my friends and I ordered seemed to please everyone.
I had the chicken which was probably one of the cheaper items and it was $32, but came with 2 pieces (I wasn't too hungry and only ate 1) and a side.
It was a pretty good deal to get a bottle of wine rather to order a glass by quite a bit.
I've always sat near the entrance and had a good view to people watch and the place is always crowded.
We had reservations on a Saturday for 8PM and had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated and the bar was pretty packed as well.
This was my second visit in the last 5 years or so and the place is still as good as I remember it the first time.
Only wish they still had the sampling menu.

Alright, gotta give this place 5 stars because my girl Angelica P.'s friend Cisco did an EXCELLENT job at showing us what Fix was all about.
Service and ambiance were stellar.
HUGE prawns in the shrimp cocktail, the bread rolls were amazing, adult mac n cheese (deep fried rectangle of mac n cheese) was filling and extremely satisfying, and my entree (the chicken) was cooked perfectly.
My two girlfriends got the scallop entree and they definitely enjoyed it.
It is pricey, but well worth it.
You'll get a good hunk of food for a good hunk of money.

Great restaurant bar inside Bellagio.
They have 2 flat screens for viewing sporting events at the bar and a nice intimate wood panel restaurant.
Everything i have tried there has been great.
I always get the lollipop wings that fall off the bone in your mouth.Tasty stuff!

I had my last meal of 2010 here.
Good friends, good food, good times!
I ordered the Filet (cooked medium rare) and it just melted in my mouth!
For the side I got the lobster mash.
It was enough to share with the BF...but my inner glutton secretly wanted to keep it all for myself.
For dessert we got their signature donuts.
The single serving came with 3 heartily sized donuts with 2 types of dipping sauces (peanut & chocolate) which was enough for a table of 6 to have a taste.
The donuts were perfectly moist.
I think they used banana in the batter.
The staff was extremely attentive.
As soon as a member from our party would step away from the table, their napkin was immediately refolded and placed nicely on the table (ninja-style).
Definitely worth a try!

I'm not sure if you should decide to go to Fix for the scene or for the food, but either way the other won't disappoint.
First off, if you have a reservation and its a Thurs, Fri, or Sat, don't expect it to mean much.
My buddy and I showed up without a reservation at 8pm last Friday and were told it would be an hour wait, no problem, hello craps table.
We returned about 45 minutes later and grabbed a drink at the bar, after a drink or two I noticed it was 9:15 so I went to see what the hostess had to say.
Long story short people with reservations had been waiting over an hour, but somehow we were seated about 5 minutes later... who knows.
Anyway, the food is awesome, we couldn't get past how good all of the appetizers looked, so we just ordered a ton of them and shared everything.
Everything was great, especially the lobster tacos.
They also served baked-potato break, yes you read that right and I know how it sounds, but give it a chance before you judge... its awesome.
If you come to Fix willing to enjoy the bar scene (which is great) and eat when you eat you will have a great time, if you are in a hurry, go somewhere else.

I would never go here on my own, but the birthday girl's bf treated us all out.
Insaneee!!
Any way, our party of 12 was quickly seated and handed menus.
First thought after perusing the items and prices...uhhhhh can I just stick with my water?
hahaha  I ended up ordering the Bobby Baldwin Burgers which came with 3 sliders, a cone of seasoned fries, and ketchup in a little jar.
Presentation was adorable.
Taste was a bit average for restaurant style burgers.
I got to taste the lobster tacos and kobe chili cheese fries.
These were the stars that night and I probably could've gotten full off these apps alone.
Lobster tacos were interesting, I wasn't expecting to taste anything cold, and the thin shell made it easy to bite into.
The chili cheese fries were BOMB!!
Presentation again was cute, a stack of fries, hot bowl of cooked chili, and mini pitcher of cheese sauce.
I def would recommend this to start off with, but it might outshine your entree.
I tried some of the meaty entrees like rib eye (med rare), thought it was too bloody for my taste.
Tasted ok, but I'm not really a steak kind of girl.
Service was friendly, woman's bathroom was clean (there was a male worker waiting right outside the doors...made me feel a little uneasy), decor was fancy.
I left Fix feeling stuffed and tired.
All in all, an excellent experience.

This place is very well rounded.
The food is great and the service is above average.
I've been there each of the last 3 times I've visited Vegas and it has yet to disappoint.
As well it doesn't take long to get seated which I am glad to say otherwise there'd be less stars on this review.
The Fillet Mignon, best I've ever had, the lobster mash was a little on the salty side but I'm not there for the mashed potatoes.
The lobster tacos are rather small but full of flavor and not overpowering.
When they have Lobster Tail on the menu, it should be ordered by someone at the table so everyone can at least know what perfection is.
My homeboy had it back in 2006 best thing on the menu but I haven't seen it since :( The desserts are awesome too.
I don't like Creme Brulee but here I do.
It was perfectly crisped top and not overly sweetened.
Their chocolate syrup covered donut, indescribable.
After eating here you will usually just want to fall in to a deep sleep to avoid anything ruining the perfect night.
The place is a bit higher priced than one might like but hey you're in Vegas, everything is overpriced.
You come to Vegas to spend money with the delusion that you can make some back.
I don't know anyone who goes to Vegas to "save" money.
A cool byproduct of eating here is the celeb company.
The first time I ate there I saw Alex Rodriguez (NY Yankees), the last time I saw Irv Gotti (Murder Inc.) havin dinner with Phil Ivey (World Series of Poker).

Good friends and good food, what more could you ask for?
We thought the menu sounded good and pleased the palate of two picky eaters in the group (myself being one of them).
I selected the kobe sliders for my entree becuase it was one of the more basic items and was about middle of the road on prices.
I loved the presentation and it was a good-sized portion altogether.
The dessert was fantastic.The chocolate brownie and espresso milkshake were chocolately, but not too sweet.
It was a great ending to a lovely meal.

Stopped in to have a cocktail and some apps with a friend from out of town.
Sat at the bar, and we were very happy with our experience.
Had some of the best wings I've ever had in my life, fried mac n cheese, and some fried rock shrimp.
The bartenders were friendly and attentive, never had my drink go empty, and the energy flowing through the restaurant was insane.
Definetely must go back to taste test the rest of the menu.
Check it out!!

This bar is shite for so many reasons.
we' ll start off with the horrible bartenders; especially the broad with the stupid haircut.. Then we'll talk about the bad late night food choices.
Then we'll talk about how I just had a cucumber martini at Caramel for 14 dollars and you charge me 20 for the same thing.
F you guys.

Fix.
Hmmmm.
What to say about Fix.
I ordered the Lobster Tacos and they were literally baby tacos.
So small.
For $23.
I mean, I know it's lobster but seriously?
My brother and husband got steaks and loved them.
The atmosphere would be great if the casino wasn't about 20 feet away.
Waiter and staff were eh.
Snobby and not very helpful.
Overall, not very impressed.

We went here for our last dinner in Vegas.
We ordered the chilli cheese fries and macaroni and cheese for appetizers.
YUM-O!
I LOVED the way they presented the fries, chilli and cheese separately.
Very fun!
I ordered the scallops --OMG SO FREAKIN GOOD!
When the plate came out with 5 scallops on my plate, I have to admit that I was a little disappointed.
However, the food was filling, delicious and beautiful!
Definitely give this a try if you love scallops and bacon!
My boyfriend ordered a steak and loved it too.
Much better than the other steakhouse we went to!
The service was excellent!
When my friend stood up and went to the restroom, a waiter came up to the table and folded her napkin and placed it on the table.
Our glasses were always full and the staff was extremely attentive.
I would definitely go back for more!

Fixed on fried mac-n-cheese, sliders, & donuts!!
Great food, great variety!
Tried the yellow tail sashimi jalapeno (delish & hot), fried mac (yummy), ohhhh sooo juicy sliders (most places over cook these but these were excellent), salad (its a salad), and the icing on the cake but no cake or icing...the BANANA filled mini DONUT w/ peanut butter & chocolate to dip...its bananas!!!
Great service!
Fixed on Fix!

This review is for the bar only:  Ask for Eddie.
Order a Cadillac Margarita and Lollipop wings.
Be happy.
It's a sexy lounge and bar but also since it's Vegas, it really doesn't matter what you wear.
Go to meet a date for drinks or roll in at 5pm with a hangover and an appetite.
It's a Vegas favorite and the only reason I go to Bellagio (cause you definitely won't win there) : P

Definitely pricey for what it is, but I did enjoy the dinner bites.
I loved their cucumber martini, but I found they also serve it at Yellowtail next door (under a different name) :)

Dark and clubby all the time.
We stopped in there for a drink on a beautiful sunny day.
It was very dark - yes there are no windows and that's the way the place is but they could have raised the lights and made it more lively.
We decided to leave when we saw the bar was packed with people who thought they were at Tryst at 2am.

FIX is an excellent restaurant.
Beautifully designed with delicious food and drinks.
If the food is excellent but the service is horrible, it just makes the experience a bitter taste in your mouth.
I've read and heard horrible reviews about FIX due to its staff.
Luckily for us we had TOM!
He was adorably handsome, professional and attentive.
We made reservations through the Light Group for a pre-fix bachelorette party dinner.
Tom explained everything in detail and answered any questions we had on the menu.
He made a great recommendation of a cucumber martini that we still rave about.
The Kobe Burgers and Mac&Cheese sticks just melt in your mouth.
I have to be honest though, I recommended FIX to my husband when the guys went out to Vegas for the Bachelor Party and they had an awful experience... the server was a complete arrogant a-hole.
The next day I recieved a very nice handwritten card from Tom thanking us for our visit...
I showed my husband and told him, "See, I told you to ask for Tom.
I told him I was recommending the place to you.

Love Love Love this restaurant!!
Lobster tacos and mac n cheese are the best and you might even run into a celebrity or two!

Came here with two other couples for our last dinner in Vegas.
We did the $40 for 3 course dinner special and all loved our food.
Great service and great atmosphere.
I also had a cucumber martini which was very refreshing!
Here was what I had to eat...  Appetizer- Mini grilled cheese and tomato bisque (with a pesto garnish) Entree- Roasted chicken with mashed potatoes Dessert- Frozen cappuccino with a warm layered chocolate brownie on the side.
See my picture uploads for these courses.

um lets just say i dont eat that much, thats why i never go to lv buffets + always hung over -_-  so anyways my friend took me here for a bday drink.
and i got pineapple mojito ($20) ya twenty dollars.
it was delicious and fairly strong.
i also ordered yellow tuna sashimi...and oh em geee!!
there were 5 teeeniieee slices of yellow tail for i think $20.
he ordered mac and cheese...and it was good but small and expensive.
so basically he ended up paying over 70 for 2 drinks and 2 small appetizers...wth?
i know its vegas, but common now.
3 stars because it was good and i wasnt paying.

the service was pretty good for a party of 12. things can be a bit pricey, but it's VEGAS...what do u expect.
started off with the lobster tacos.
it comes out in this holder so your tacos don't spill everywhere and it was delicious  shared a new york steak-seasoned right, but a lil dry for medium rare  cream of spinich-tasty    i got to try a few of my friends dishes:  crab cake BLT style-this was tasty and interesting.
it's bite size, but they made it into a sandwhich with bacon, lettect, and tomato  tuna tar tar on crispy rice-just as good as TAO's, but this one had a lil too much dressing for me.
Scallops and bacon-cooked just right, but nothing special  the mini burgers-didn't like the bread at all, but the meat was good and presentation was cute.
loved the fries with the lil ketchup container.
should make reservations because this place got packed fast.

My first impressions were that this was a uniquely designed restaurant.
I went in part because the buffet had a huge wait but I didn't want to spend more than the buffet would have cost.
The reality is that is not really possible at Bellagio (hence the reason that the buffet line is so long).
This was the next closest restaurant that I could find price wise.
I had the penne pasta with prosciutto, peas, and what was supposed to be truffles, but really ended up being a dusting of grated truffle.
31 dollars later I only finished half of it because I was a little salty and frankly it wasn't worth 31 dollars.
outside of the truffles this was a 12 dollar olive garden caliber pasta (I didn't even really taste the truffles).
The creme brule desert was actually pretty good.
Would I go back there?
Maybe, but there are entirely too many other places in Vegas to try that I don't see a reason or need to do that.

It's hard to dis a restaurant in the Bellagio just because it's expensive, so leaving that aside, there is very little wrong with Fix.
The decor is modern, lively but not noisy, and moderately comfortable (the booths can be a bit tight).
The food is up-styled American and tasty.
I particularly recommend the tomato soup starter -- the soup tastes like a good cheese pizza without the crust, and it comes with an impeccable grilled cheese sandwichlet.
The crispy chicken is also surprisingly good; no breading, just a crispy skin.
But then I've eaten here twice and neither my wife nor I ever had anything you could call a dud.
However, nothing is over-the-top great, and with a prominent bar, TV screens, no tableclothes, etc., it doesn't feel like a fancy restaurant, and you just don't feel your $60-$80 per person was well spent, even at the Bellagio.

We went for a birthday dinner celebration with a party of 9.
We called ahead and made reservations with no problem.
The atmosphere is great!
I loved design of the ceiling in particular.
The menu was good and the food was equally good.
No disappointments here.
Service.
Sigh...service was a big let down!
We sat at a table and watched a booth next to where we were seated turn over twice before we even received our bill.
We honestly felt like because 18% gratuity was automatically being added to our bill (for parties of 8 or more) that the server wasn't interested in making sure we were having an enjoyable meal.
We had a problem getting separate checks, which I can understand, but all-in-all this is a restaurant I will never go back to and I would not recommend it to anyone.
The manager, who was apologetic and nice enough, brought a round of shots for the table to make it up.
We left the shots.
If you wanted to make it right, you would have acknowledged that this could have been avoided had you been walking the dining room to check on the tables instead of manning the host desk and chatting with the 20 something year-old hostesses.
I realize it's a difficult job to manage a restaurant, but at least make an effort.
Try being proactive instead of reactive and expect that a round of shots will make it right.
I went to Mon Ami Gabi (across the strip at the Paris) for lunch the following day and I was blown away by the service!
Fix--you need to remember that people pay for more than ambiance and food, we expect service too, and in absence of that, we will go elsewhere.
Thumbs down FIX and do yourself a favor and go have a drink or a meal at Mon Ami Gabi and take notes...take copious notes!!

I had a good dinner here on Friday night - unfortunately poor service and inconsistencies knocked it down a star.
I started off with the Beef Carpaccio - tasty, but only slightly better than average.
It was a little skimpy on the truffle oil and a bit heavy handed on the capers - not the balance that I was looking for.
The Scallops "Benedict" was truly spectacular if you are an eggs benedict fan.
A little crispy potato cake topped with crunchy bacon, a perfectly seared scallop, crab hollandaise, and chives - now I know why everyone keeps taking pictures of their food!!
Hard to describe how awesome this was - but take my word if you are a breakfast fan that this was YUM!
I also ordered a side of lobster mashed potatoes (a yumdelicious combination of 2 of my favorite foods) and "Adult" mac 'n cheese that failed to deliver.
It was more like a weird fried mozzarella stick .... not sure what they were going for but it was definitely the lowpoint of the meal.
My husband had the 20oz ribeye and it was cooked and seasoned well, but nothing spectacular -   My friend had the Seabass and her risotto was completely undercooked - we had to send it back.
Instead of attempting another risotto, they offered up a substitution - which I think was pretty weak.
If you're not confident that you can get the risotto right on the second try then take it off the menu!
Overall, a good meal with friends but with so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, this won't be my first choice for a return visit ....

We ate here during a bachelor party and it was our one decent meal.
We go a quick seat at the bar since we had no reservations and I wasn't dissapointed.
I want to rate 3 1/2 stars because the food is pretty good but the service can be a little slow.
I had a glass of reisling and the yellowtail over risotto.
The risotto was a little mushi (definitely not al dente) but sauce it was in was pretty good.
My friend had the steak and he said it definitely beat out some of the bigger named steak houses who charge upwards of $75 for a piece of crap slice of beef.
He eats out pretty frequently so...
I let you interpret that.
I will try this place again if I stay at the Bellagio.
We got turned down at their 4 diamond restaraunt since it was a busy Saturday night in vegas.

As someone said before, it's hard to complain about an expensive restaurant in the Bellagio.
But there's more negatives than just the price.
We'll start with the positives.
It's a trendy place, modern decor and all of the waitresses are dressed in little black dresses.
Monica was my server and she was incredibly friendly and helpful.
Also, as most Vegas restaurants don't allow casual attire, I got there early and was allowed to eat in shorts and a t-shirt.
I had intended to go home and change before eating, but my hunger got the best of me.
Now on to the negatives.
This place is WAY over priced and basically surviving, IMO, based on the fact that it's in the Bellagio.
Any other hotel other than Caesar's or the Wynn and this place couldn't get away with charging what they do.
The food is subpar.
My $50 steak was dry, overcooked and had little to no flavor.
As an appetizer my Mom and I shared the macaroni and cheese sticks or whatever it is that they call them.
They were disgusting.
I forced two down my throat only because of the price of them.
My mom had the pork chops and I don't think she even ate half of her meal.
She also complained that it was dry.
I had a shrimp cocktail as an appetizer and that was mediocre at best.
I'm not one to complain about pricing, I'll eat at Prime anytime anyone wants to go, but if you're going to charge prices higher than Nine and other top end Vegas restaurants, at least have the food to back it up.
Neither my mom nor I had any alcohol with our meal, we each had an entree, an appetizer and shared a side.
Our bill with tip was $250.
Save your money and go elsewhere!

WOW!
If I was on death row this is where I would want my last meal to come from!!
My boyfriend and I went down to vegas for his birthday July 2011.
We ordered the Bellagio package with Tickets to "O" and dinner at FIX and two drinks at Caramel.
We ordered a bottle of great Pinot Gritio suggested by the bartender and then were promptly seated.
We both chose caesar salad to start and the surf and turf for the main course, we had banana donuts and shake and cake for desert.
It was the best meal I have ever eaten in Vegas and was 200% better than that over priced crap we had at Top of the World Restaurant.
If you don't like spending money on fine dinning then this probably isn't the place for you.
We don't even know how much the bill was because it was all included.
.....and "O" was a spectacular feast for the eyes!

The Bellagio is one of the nicest casinos, but the FIX isn't one of the nicest restaurants in Vegas.
The food was good but extremely overpriced, but I expected a lot more from this place.
I had the Chilean sea bass - which was really good, but I've had better at lesser restaurants.
The drinks were $10+ a piece, but I guess that's normal for Vegas prices.
The rest of the party got awesome steaks, while the poorer members got pizza.
The pizza was the cheapest item on the menu, and honestly it looked like the biggest rip off.
Take the money you were willing to spend for dinner and put it all on a hand of blackjack.
Go to dinner if it hits.
Otherwise, go to Sandwich of Earl and get an awesome $5 sub.

It was a long week in Vegas, but this place certainly helped to take a major piece of the edge off.
It was a group dinner, so we were afforded the convenience of the private room.
The main dining area is a bit to close to the main casino floor, and the ambient music is a bit too uptempo for quiet, classy, dinner...but then again, this is Vegas.
The menu is a bit all over the place, but if you know where to look the options can be quite fulfilling.
My advice is to trust your waiter.
We were directed to the lobster tacos as an appetizer.
I thought this seemed a bit rudimentary for such an upscale, but I was pleasantly surprised.
The serving size, style, and taste were all 5 star.
Following the appetizers we were told that the house specialty were the steaks.
I opted for the New York Sirloin and it was brilliant.
The side sauces added the cherry on top.
The sides we selected were the lobster mashed potatoes, House Steak Fries, Asparagus, and Mac and Cheese*.
The Mac and Cheese gets a special note for being fantastic.
We finished the night with dessert and coffee, and man-oh-man I wish I had saved a bit more room.
We put one of each on the table to share and I was not disappointed with anything.
If you can make it to the Bellagio I suggest stopping in.

Went here with a group of friends for a quick drink/snack before the evenings events.
I had friend Mac & Cheese - which was the correct bar food to start the night (as it turns out).
I also had a nice cocktail and some desserts to spark the sweet tooth.
The food was yummy, but nothing completely outside of the box or breath taking.
Drinks were well made.
Service was INCREDIBLY slow and some of the staffers were pretty rude.
We asked if we might be able to switch from the bar to a table and the host said that we should have asked beforehand and she could do nothing to accommodate us now.
When we explained we would gladly wait additional time, she said we would have to leave our spot at the bar in order to wait for a table, we could not "have it both ways.
"   I didn't think it was an unreasonable request, especially considering we were planning on eating a meal there.
The meal turned into bar snacks and we went merrily on our way to other awesome places along the strip.
Would I come back?
Probably not.
There are much better bars with much better service for our nighttime ventures.
I would rather spend my cash elsewhere and I truly do not feel like I am missing out on anything.

Great service at the bar.. Was there in May Danielle remembered my face.. That says it all.... Great drinks and fresh soda every time

Really enjoyed our dinner here with my wife.
Is it pricey, ya...
But that shouldn't come as a surprise.
I had the seabass which was GREAT.
Wife had the filet which was good.
We got two sides fried Mac and cheese and cream spinach(probably should have only gotten one since we were both stuffed) but both were great so not sure which I would have chosen if I could only choose one!
The place they really get you is on liquor.
Two drinks was $26 so drink before you go in!

This review is for Wed., Sept. 14th.
I should have read other reviews before deciding to go here.
I have to agree that it's only still open because of the location.
I doubt few go back after the 1st time.
Horrible service and food.
Food - Chili Cheese Fries: Fries tasted like they had been cooked 3 days prior and stale.
Cheese - not for sure exactly what it was but it was not cheese.
I've had canned chili taste better than what they provided.
Adult Mac & Cheese - a twist on overpriced cheese sticks.
Lobster tacos - I didn't realize taco shells came in that small of a size.
Service - it didn't exist.
We sat in the lounge area of the bar where there are tables.
The waitress moved a guy, there by himself, to sit a large group and then they ended up not being able to sit in the bar because of some being underage.
They took the poor guys menu and never brought him his drink.
We asked him to join us thinking his service would improve but all four of us ended up having very little to no service.
My advice - don't waste your time as you will be greatly disappointed!

Over-priced, but not bad food.
I had the Sea Bass (good, though its subtle), the Beef Carpaccio & Spicy Tuna.
Nothing was a standout dish.
If I went there again, I'd try something else.

This is a staple of every one of our Vegas trips.
Sure, it's not fine cuisine and it's a little overpriced, but we always love what we eat there and it's one of the best people watching spots in the area.
We rarely venture into the entrees, usually just dining on an array of appetizers.
The adult mac & cheese is great (who couldn't love the over indulgence of dipping fried mac and cheese into truffled cheese sauce), the lobster tacos are delicious, and the Bobby Baldwin burgers are always a nice medium rare.
It's a prime location in Vegas, so if you fixate on the fact that the above 3 will run you ~$60+ due to location you'll be unhappy, but it's the Bellagio - of course it's overpriced.
Oh, and definitely sit in the outer tables of the bar area... it seems like every type of person who comes to Vegas walks by, and it makes for an entertaining people show while eating.

I've hit FIX every time I've visited Vegas.
It's an absolutely perfect go-to spot when hitting the Bellagio for same gambling.
I've always sat in the bar/lounge area which is super duper for people watching.
How do cowboys take themselves seriously and why do dudes from LA all wear shirts with dragons eating birds eating butterflies?
But I digress...  Kobe Cheese Fries are a must.
Had the beef carpacio on last visit and was some of the best I've had.
Lobster tacos were good.. but they're cold (on purpose).
Was expecting warm.
Crab cake sliders wash everything down nicely.
Waitresses are top notch, grade A, government certified talent.
Oh, and they're pretty good at serving things, too.

Cucumber Martini.
The best martini i have ever had.
Period.
This dark seductive restaurant was filled with other delicious drinks (chocolate martinis) though I definitely recommend the cucumber martini.
We did not eat here, though the food looked good.
The bar staff was attentive and the place had a fun vibe to it.

This place so super crowded on New Year's Eve; we got a small table at the bar area although there are a couple more tables with the "Reserved" sign.
Poor service, we were served by two young ladies; one of them was very friendly and got our orders alright, the other one was just useless as she asked us what we needed but never come back with our orders.
The check took forever to arrive, as well as the payment; it took them 10min to bring back my credit card, not sure if they took it to make a copy.
Need to check closely with my credit card statement.
Their food is way over priced; like $15 for a small dish of snack.
Drinks are overpriced too, my boyfriend ordered Grey Goose and Vodka on the rocks and they charged $17!
I ordered Macallan 12 on the rocks for $15 each.
Well, not a fan of this place.

The food was good.
I tried the sliders and they were delicious.
We also tried the strawberry baked Alaska, and I would recommend that as well.The service speed could have been faster, but everyone was friendly and it was conveniently located near the theater for "O" so we weren't in a hurry.
Overall I felt this place was overpriced, and would be a better bang for the buck with cheaper prices.

I came here for the first time this weekend and some girlfriends and I enjoyed an amazing meal at FIX.
We sat in the lounge area, which is a great spot to people-watch.
The caesar salad is a great opener, with a wonderful dressing and the perfect amount of shaved parmesan.
Our pre fixe meal, which mostly consisted of appetizers and small bites, then progressed to lobster tacos, which I enjoyed even though I have a pretty strong seafood aversion.
These are cold and about the size of two bites, but they are made with mango, avocado, and cilantro.
Excellent.
We had Bill's Spicy Tuna, which are cubes made with crispy rice and finished with a garlic ponzu sauce.
We were given Buffalo style wings as well, but I didn't have as much of those because I was too busy filling up on the Kobe sliders, which were prepared at a perfect medium-rare and served with aged cheddar and grilled onions.
And the fries.
Oh, the fries.
What IS that seasoning?
-- Maybe garlic and sea salt?
Whatever it is, it's delicious and highly addicting.
Our dessert was a banana-filled doughnut, which I didn't try but heard raves from the others in our group that did.
Our service was nothing short of outstanding.
Sabrina took amazing care of us and made sure that no glass was empty, and that everyone was enjoying their meal.
Attractive female servers are a dime a dozen in Vegas, but Sabrina was friendly and totally personable to boot!

When you are comp in a restaurant, it is difficult to criticizes...the food was good overall.
the service from the waiter was terrible.
He recommend the Mushrooms and i asked what type of mushrooms it was.
He told me "it is Forest Mushrooms.
Then I asked again "what type of forest mushrooms".
He respond to me " I told you" Forest Mushroom".
well ...
I give up.
This waiter is incompetent and an idiot.
It is sad when you see back waiter who are much better then the waiter.
BTW It was shitakee mushroom.. the donuts for desert was excellent.

We ate here over the weekend, mostly because we couldn't get into the other restaurants in the Bellagio until nearly 10pm.
We had 715 reservations and were seated at 8pm.
The decor is beautiful and the people watching fun (it's Vegas afterall).
Our cocktails were well made and the servers, Mike and Sean, very attentive and helpful.
We started with kobe cheese fries (a build it yourself situation, but yummy).
My friends shared a white fish they loved.
My husband had the filet mignon.
It had a great flavor but was very dry (ordered medium rare) and a little tough.
I had dover sole and this is why my review is rated downward.
I love dover sole and don't get it very often.
At $62 a serving you would think it would be amazing.
Yet, it came out overcook, oversalted, and undersized.
A disappointment all around.
My recommendation would be to be more prepared than we were and get a reservation somewhere else.

This is where Derek Zoolander eats.
Came after watching "O" and the music was bumping and the lights were dimmed.
Young hotties eating at each table, I definitely felt out of place...especially when the hostess gave my outfit the once over and let me stand at the counter for 10 minutes before telling me she was looking for a table for me.
Once sat, our server was really friendly but definitely looked stressed.
I don't know why, but I felt that every server/busboy looked like they were rushing around.
Too many tables for each of them?
We settled for the kobe sliders, cold seafood appetizer, and lobster tacos for our "meal".
BTW it took them 10 minutes to get back to us to take our order after we told them we were ready.
The lobster tacos are TINY but very flavorful.
The cold seafood appetizer is tiny as well but very fresh.
The kobe slider are delicious...but I love any burger.
Too bad they cooked it well done when I asked for medium rare.
After you order, a busboy is pretty quick at taking away your plates and refilling your water but our server constantly looked busy.
Overall the food is MEH and after spending over $100 bucks at this place I felt like I stepped into an overpriced, loud, snobby nightmare.

Ok the food is good but its a little pricey.
However the buffalo chicken wings are some of the best I have ever had.
Also the lobster taco are very good.
If it weren't for the price I think this place would be a 4 star.

Very good meal

Even though I'm giving Fix a one star rating, the food was rather good.
To be fair I'll give a full review and then switch gears at the end...
I was in Las Vegas last month with my company for Magic (the huge fashion convention) and on our first night in town we decided to go out and have a fancy company dinner.
After several calls to multiple restaurants we finally decided on Fix in the Bellagio.
We showed up Sunday evening around 9pm and the place was completely packed.
Luckily we thought ahead and made a reservation.
In just a few minutes our table for six was ready.
To get the night going we ordered a couple bottles of wine.
We took our time looking over the menu and even longer making our final decisions.
Everything on the menu seemed delicious!
I landed on the lobster tacos (with grilled mango, and cilantro) to start.
The four small tacos came on a serving plate that perfectly fit each taco.
The shells were crispy and the lobster was fresh and juicy.
The small cilantro leaves were a great way to make the lobster flavor pop even more.
For my entree I got the seabass (with risotto, baby shrimp, and lobster broth).
The cut of fish was cooked perfectly and when I cut into it the lobster broth soaked in and made the bass even more delicious.
The baby shrimps were nice additions as well and were cooked just right.
The night was going great up to this point.
The food was delicious and the service was top notch.
It was a great night to celebrate our first night in Sin City.
That is until my boss found a safety pin in her risotto (see photo I included).
Yes, a safety pin!
You know, those incredibly sharp objects that can stick in your throat if ingested.
Yep, those things.
Thankfully she saw it before she unknowingly ate it.
Of course, we immediately called for the manager as our server took the dish away.
The manager told us that this "doesn't happen that often".
Hmm, so it has happened before?
How could a safety pin even land in someone's food?
If I find a hair in my meal the review instantly drops down to 3/5 stars and I expect the meal to be free.
But a SAFETY PIN is completely inexcusable.
The real kicker was that my boss didn't receive a new entree and when we got the bill her dish wasn't even comped.
Instantly we called for the manager again and made sure her meal was free.
Honestly we were completely shocked that the entire meal wasn't comped when a mistake that dangerous has happened.
When dining out at high-end restaurants it's expected that your experience will be flawless, especially when you're paying these extreme prices.
When something as outrageous as a safety pin finds its way in a customer's dinner, I, as well as the rest of my co-workers, would expect the restaurant to do anything and everything it can to remedy the mistake.
Unfortunately the restaurant failed on every level and fully deserve such a low rating.
So please, be sure to inspect every bite while dining here!

FIX was amazing!
Our entire dining experience was on par.
To start with, the ambiance of this restaurant is modern, sexy.
The service was impeccable - waters always filled, extremely friendly servers, quick service, more than happy to accommodate (2 people in our party had a peanut oil allergy, and because all their fried foods are fried in peanut oil, our server went out of his way to not only tell us exactly what on the menu was cooked in peanut oil, but to also check in with our table to make sure we weren't accidentally sharing the items cooked in peanut oil).
The food was SO good.
We ordered sides of mac & cheese (fried mac & cheese, comes w/ 4 sticks), creamed spinach, & lobster mashed potatoes.
Everything was really good, but the mac & cheese and the creamed spinach really stole the show.
I ordered scallops and they were amazing.
The scallops came out on top of a thick strip of bacon on top of something fried (potato, I think) with hollandaise sauce drizzled on top.
Presentation was excellent and the food tasted even better.
Even though the portions looked small, it was surprisingly quite filling.
The food is pretty rich, so keep that in mind when you're wearing a restricting cocktail dress.
May want to bust out the loose, flowy tops for this restaurant.
:) I'd dress up a little to match the vibe in the restaurant (but it's a little more relaxed then the other restaurants in the Bellagio).
Definitely not too expensive either.
Though it's fairly open if you sit "outside" closer to the casino, if you get a table inside it definitely feels more removed from the rest of the casino.
Cocktails are a little pricey, but at least they're using good liquor.
Fix was great & I'd definitely come back.

Omg just ate here w my sis amazing we split a Cesar salad, scallops and creamed spanish and asparagus everything was absolutely amazing and the service was excellent not to mention gorgeous waiters :)

One of the best in Vegas.
A great menu of beef and seafood.
I've love the Very Adult Mac & Cheese since they opened the joint many moons ago.
The staff is professional and the ambiance is very adult with the casino setting as the view.

We needed to grab dinner before the late showing of 'O' and saw that tables were open in Fix, so we checked out the menu and decided to try it.
I don' t know what the deal is with some of the restaurants in Vegas, but they tell you they are booked with reservations (when there are open tables) and then have you wait at the bar for all of 2.5 seconds (just long enough for you to order a drink, but not receive or pay for it) and then tell you they will seat you.
Why so pretentious?
Anyway, the meal overall was satisfactory, with one shining star: the penne with truffles, pancetta and peas.
It was delicious and hit the spot.
We were able to split this along with the fries, lobster tacos, and bread pudding.
The other items were good (not great) but the pasta was by far my favorite.
The bill was standard for Vegas--probably $120 for the both of us with drinks.
Watch out for cocktails though, they will run you about $15 a pop.
The husband loved his pineapple mojito, but I thought $15 was a little much for a Vodka (house) soda with a splash of grapefruit.
Overall, this was a good restaurant with a chic atmosphere and an army of a wait staff.

Good food!
A bit expensive, but your in Vegas, so that is par for the course.
I had the crispy chicken with the mashed potatos.
The chicken was moist and delicious!
My friend had the pizza, which was on a very thin crust, so it wasn't very filling.
But she did say it was good.
We also had a bottle of wine with our dinner.
And bread pudding for dessert.
Delicious.
The service was great.
We had 2-3 waiters helping us that evening so someone was always there making sure that everything was perfect.
Cool place.

Great food - but not enough and VERY expensive.
3 scallops - $38.
better off getting a cheaper meal elsewhere and spending the cash you save on the tables.
server was visibly annoyed when we asked to split the bill.
cheer up mate, your tip was decent

Wow.
This meal was fabulous.
Even more so because we were graciously offered to eat here for free (we paid for our drinks though).
But man, were the expensive drinks worth it.
Not only was the service quick and kind, but even though we were the youngest there and dressed up in our tightest and brightest, we were treated with respect, which is more than I can say for the other fancy restaurants around.
We got fries, lobster tacos, margarita pizza, green salad and the truffle penne.
All of the dishes were incredible.
The salad had a maple flavor to it and combined with the cheese and cashews, it was amazing.
My favorite by far, though, was the truffle penne.
I'm vegetarian but even without the prosciutto on it, it was seriously flawless and incredible.
I'm looking for a recipe right now to try to recreate it.
The ambiance is a little loud and dark for a more adult crew, but for us it was fine.
I guess my only suggestion is that they tone down the dance music and the volume.
Then it would be perfect for all customers.

Probably the best meal we had in Vegas over the last six days.
apps were great and the  entrees were fantastic.
I had the petite filet mignon and stuffed lobster - unbelievable.
The prices are high but, coming from NY, nothing we weren't expecting (this is Vegas).
The noise level is definitely high - this is not the place to come for a quiet romantic dinner.
However, we could easily hear each other and the ambiance was that of a high energy location.
After reading a few other reviews we requested and were seated at "Edwardo's" section.
He was an excellent waiter, explaining everything on the menu and giving us suggestions after asking our preferences.
The service was exemplary for such a crowded location.
We went on a Monday evening and were glad we made reservations - they were very busy and a number of people who must have just stopped in could not be accommodated.
Although we saw one or two people in shorts the vast majority were dressed a bit more upscale - let's say "resort casual".
We typically dine at the higher end restaurants - Prime, Olives, Seablue - and were not disappointed by this one.

My fiance and I stopped here for dinner before we went to see Cirque Su Soleil's "O".
I had the prix fixe meal and chose the tomato soup with mini goat cheese grilled cheese, the filet and the donuts for desert.
My fiance had the kobe beef cheese fries and the chicken.
We also ordered a side of the very adult mac n' cheese.
We ordered way too much food but everything was delicious.
The adult mac n' cheese was downright sinful.
I was too full to enjoy much of it.
I also ordered the pineapple mojito even though I felt like an a-hole for ordering a $20 drink.
It was good and stiff but not worth $20.
I'd probably grab a beer next time ;).

We were really excited about the plans we had for the evening.
We had decided to splurge on the "O" package which included VIP tix to the Cirque du Soleil O show and prix fixe dinner at FIX.
However, the horrible service at FIX ruined our evening.
Once we were seated at FIX and told the waitress we had the package her attitude became curt and unattentive.
She started pushing us to order drinks (which was not included in the prix frixe) and then got annoyed when we told her we were going to hold off until later to order drinks.
She didn't bother to come and check on us and we had to flag down the floater wait staff.
Overall, very surprised that an upscale restaurant like FIX would hire personnel that was so poor in customer service.
Dinner was also just ok, I think the package is gimmicky and ordering off the menu would have been a better experience.

Love their show package.
You can get it with the "O" show.
I didn't expect much since it was a package deal, but the steak was really really fabulous!
As was the salad & the dessert!

After our wonderful manager's meeting at Hyde, we were then wisked away to Fix for a sommelier's lesson and dinner.
The food was on point, but the overall experience was just ok.  For foods, we had an array of cheeses and wines.
Hot food wise, we had some of the best hors d'oeuvres.
Let's first start with the crab cake sliders.
ON POINT!
Nicely toasted bread, stuffed with sliced tomatoes, shredded lettuce, bacon, crab cakes and a nice aioli sauce.
The crab cakes were filled with meat and not too much filler.
I truly appreciated the different textures this slider offered, from the toasted bread, to the semi crunchy crab cake and the refreshing lettuce.
Don't be fooled though, the crab cakes truly are the stars in this dish!
We also had the adult mac and cheese.
The components of mac and cheese, formed into small square bites and breaded/fried, served with a butter dipping sauce.
To me, I wasn't crazy about those bites.
Seemed like the macaroni or whatever pasta used was stuffed together and condensed, not fluffy which then made the dish really dense and not light as I would have liked it.
Another highly recommended dish we had was the lobster tacos!
SOOOO good.
The lobster meat and fixings in the shell was cool and refreshing.
There was a lot of lobster meat in those small taco shells which was a treat in itself.
Super crunchy and held up to my expectations.
I LOVED this dish!
Lastly, we had the beef sliders.
Although a small slider, the beef patty was thick and perfectly cooked.
Accompanied with a thousand island type sauce, melted cheese, tomato slice and pickle chip.
The burger was juicy, the bun was toasted nicely with butter and baked to perfection!
My only downfall to the ambiance was the staff.
I understand we were with a group of 50 and kind of drunk, but they were told well in advance.
The place was really dark and too intimate for what we were there for, so it brought down my vibe just a little.
The servers were cordial, but the bartenders were a little rude.
When asked for water, they were a little impatient as it wasn't bringing them any revenue.
The manager was a little pushy when it came to us, but totally understandable as their other guests were staring at us.
The manager's intentions were to keep us in our section so we don't disturb the other guests and I can appreciate that.
Trust me when I say, the food alone will bring me back.
I'm sure it'll be pricey, but when I think of those crab cake sliders or lobster tacos, I can't help but run to Fix!
I invite you to visit this place for the food!!
You will not be disappointed.

I had the sliders, which were pretty good, but pretentiously overpriced at $28.
The guy next to me was unfortunate enough to have ordered the Lobster Tacos.
Don't remember the exact price but over $20.
There were 10 people at the table and I have never seen so many people belly laughing and whipping out their phones to capture the moment as when these "king's New Clothes" tacos were delivered.
Even a petite person would have a hard time making more than one bite out of each of these.
We all, honestly, thought it was a joke.
What happened to the "value" cuisine  of Las Vegas?
Every one of these restaurant's, in the modern casinos, is $100/head - minimum.
There's something just wrong about $50 for solitary modest portion of meat with two potato chips on top.

Bellagio messed up our reservation for 12 at Prime and instead said we had them at Fix.
Came here after a networking event and exhausting day of workshops - for a work dinner.
Loved the Kobe Beef Chili.
The Hamachi Jalapeno Sashimi was sliced too thin in my opinion.
Seabass - very good - but I've definitely still had better.
Ribeye was very good although I still think it wasn't amazing.
Good cocktail - Cucumber Martini.
Good casual dinner - not a fan of the lighting but good times with some coworkers.

Little price e but the food was fantastic I tried the bone stake and see bass fish and was really good.
Oh the tomato soup was awesome.
The waiter and boss boys were very nice and on time its one of a kind.
I guess you get what you pay ;) Recommended?
Yes absolutely.
Remember it's a little expensive but worthed.

Staying at Bellagio and ate at Fix after seeing Jersey Boys (which is excellent) across the street.
For starters, my wife had the grilled goat cheese and tomato soup.
I don't like tomato soup, but this was excellent.
Seasoned very well and I had several spoonfuls.
Probably should have ordered my own...  To eat, my friend and I each had the Bobby Baldwin (in honor of a fellow Oklahoman) sliders.
These were excellent.
Perfectly cooked and constructed, so every ingredient was in every bite.
Juicy and the cheese was of excellent quality.
Recommended.
My wife had the scallops.
Buttery and tender.
We shared the mac n cheese side.
They fry the mac n cheese into strips (think about the size of a french toast stick from a fast food breakfast menu) and give you MORE cheese sauce to dip them in.
These were VERY rich and delicious.
The star of the dinner in my estimation, which is impressive given the burgers.
I don't know how a person could eat a side of this mac n cheese alone, it was that rich and filling.
Be advised as many have noted, Fix is loud.
Really loud.
We have also eaten at Stack, and the tables at Fix aren't as close as they are at Stack, but the "ambiance" is the same.
Just a loud bumping place.
So, if you are looking to celebrate an anniversary, I would stay away.
Otherwise, the food is great even if you have to nearly shout to be heard.

We were on our way to the buffet but when we saw the line we decided to eat here instead.
We are very glad that we did.
The Pork roast was so tender that my mouth is still watering thinking about it as I type this review.
Do not miss the "very adult Mac & Cheese" words cant describe how good this was.
But other than the food we couldn't believe how nice the people were at this restaurant.
Everyone had a genuine conversation with you not just the typical welcome, how are you?
I will definitely be back

Ended up at Fix while waiting for a showing of O.
My food was good, but we only tried appetizers we had the Kobe beef chili and some wings.
Also had two cocktails both mixed perfectly.
So for about 30 min, two apps and two drinks, ran up a 100.00 tab.
It's Vegas in the Bellagio so it's to be expected.

This is a solid restaurant for those who don't mind overly priced meals and want to dress up during the heat wave in Vegas.
Although you can count on them for great steaks and fries, their sauces are hit or miss.
Moreover, their pork prime rib is a misnomer that is somewhat overcooked.
I would definitely order the sauteed mushrooms which were well seasoned and full of natural flavor and texture.
The staff is spectacular in terms of speed and service.
The ambiance is dimly lit and somewhat secluded in the corner of the hotel mall of the Bellagio.

The girlfriend and I were looking for some post-Absinthe dinner as we were walking through the Bellagio.
After reviewing our options, we decided on Fix since the place was largely empty at 9:45pm on at Tuesday night and getting a seat at the bar was not a problem.
Just off of the gaming floor, Fix is a chic, modern-looking restaurant/bar with a distinctive wavy wood interior serving upscale American comfort food.
The cocktail list was, sadly, a clich martini list (really, it is the 21st Century) lacking any drinks utilizing brown spirits.
I started off with the Cucumber Martini ($20) made with Square One Cucumber Vodka, white cranberry juice, and garnished with fresh cucumber and cherry tomatoes.
The drink was nicely balanced with pleasant cucumber aromatics.
It was very pricey (tied with the Bellagio's Lily Bar for the most expensive drinks that I've ever had in Vegas) and, while reasonably enjoyable, not a good value.
The gf and I split orders of Kobe Chili Cheese Fries ($17), Very Adult Mac & Cheese ($12), and Beef Carpaccio ($21).
The beef carpaccio was a traditional preparation and presentation.
It was well executed and nicely accented by the drizzling of truffle vinaigrette over the thinly sliced beef.
The chili cheese fries and mac & cheese were far less traditional in preparation and presentation, but no less successful or enjoyable.
The chili cheese fries were a deconstructed/"build your own" representation of the classic comfort food staple.
The kobe chili was mildly spicy with a hint of sweetness, and delicious.
The fries were hot, steamy, and crispy.
The cheddar cheese sauce was far from Velveeta.
DC's renowned/way overrated Ben's Chili Bowl could learn a thing or twenty from Fix about chili cheese fries.
The Very Adult Mac & Cheese was presented as three flavorful bars of perfectly deep-fried, four-cheese mac & cheese infused with prosciutto and drizzled with truffle oil.
While it may have been a "very adult" mac & cheese, there was nothing my inner child didn't enjoy about the dish.
Fix may not be the best or most acclaimed restaurant on the Strip, but it does what it does, pretty well.
The food, while not inexpensive, is a much better value than the drinks.
Call it 4 stars for the food and 2 stars for the cocktails.

Fix is a very good restaurant with great food and good service.
Everyone we very friendly and our server Mike was on point the entire night.
I heard vegas had good service, but the people at fix really exceeded expectations.
The buffalo wings are so bomb!
I don't know what was in them, but they weren't your average wings.
I tried the seabass dish and it was really good.
I'm a steak guy, but I was I the mood to try something else and it filled me up.
I would definitely recommend Fix to anyone looking a good spot to eat.

Amazing food, even a  more amazing staff.
You will get a great meal and experience.
All staff introduced themselves by name and took great care of us.
Been to lots of great restaurants and they know how to do it right.
You must try the truffle penne, the sliders and the warm doughnuts.
Yummmm.....  A little pricey but worth it....

Love this spot!
I've eaten here numerous times and I never can complain.
I went here most recently for my birthday with about 15 people, and they accomidated us so well!
Our server Devin was so patient with our table and he made sure everyone's order came out correctly.
I feel like we ate so much food.. from the wings... sliders... bone in filet... adult mac n cheese... scallops... and about every dessert they had!
My favorite are their wings, a little spicey and so amazing!!
Every steak I have ever had here has always been cooked to perfection... but the bone in is my favorite!!
If you don't order the mac n cheese you are missing out... they fry it like a fishstick and serve it with a truffled cheese dipping sauce!
OMG and the warm doughnuts are insane!!
The vibe of this place is FUN, ENERGETIC, and TRENDY!
I just love coming here before heading over to the Bank nightclub right next door!
Makes life easy with a larger party!
If you want a little more relaxed environment come earlier in the night around 5:00 when there are less people.
As for price its worth every dime!
The apps are not overpowering and thats why they are apps, not meals, and the steaks and sides are nice and oversized!
Don't come here with a tight wallet, because you want to be able to fully enjoy the menu!
Plus its in the Bellagio....so you know how that goes.. :)  This place is just one of my favorites, and make sure to make a reservation because this place is always booked :)

We came upon this place by accident but turned out to be such a great dining experience.
The ribeye was amazing.
Cooked perfectly and so juicy and savory.
The adult mac and cheese was also very good.
The lobster mash was also good.
The crab surf addition was not worth it.
Crab did not have much flavor.
Or maybe the ribeye was just too good.
Would definitely go back for the ribeye.

One of the best rib-eyes I've had in a while!
The Mac N Cheese is not your standard mac n cheese, but it comes out looking like a cheese stick.
Cheesy and so delicious!
The Lobster Mash, although not Mastro's, but it was still very flavorful.
Service was pleasant.
I will absolutely be back!

We had dinner here on a Sat night.
I'll sum it up quickly,Loud club type music blaring all around.Do you really want to hear Frankie Goes to Hollywood while your at a "fine dining establishment?The food was way overpriced with small portions.The mac and cheese sticks had a frozen bland taste to them.
The lobster tacos were so small it was hysterical.Four of them combined  weren't even the size of a regular taco.
Plus I didn't taste one ounce of lobster.
I can name 20 places in Vegas that blow this place away with regular portions and probably at half the price.
Don't waste your time.Go somewhere else.

GREAT GREAT GREAT Place!
When here before going to see "O".
Had the Bobby Baldwin Kobe Beef Sliders and my wife had the Ultimate steak and seafood.
The price was a bit expensive, but right on par for a restaurant you expect to visit in a casino resort like the Belliago.
The atmosphere was good, the staff very attentive and the managers was always roaming around to make sure that everything was on par and helping out whenever they could.
Which make our visit great because the place was packed, but we couldn't tell due to the teamwork that the staff had.
Everyone was very cheerful, friendly.
The food was great, I can't wait to go again!

All-in-all great dinner we were really well treated by the staff, and the dinner was quite fun & memorable.
This is one of those place you should come to if you want to be wowed by how a dinner should be served.
Stood out as one of our best experiences in Vegas!
The mushrooms were the best I've ever had - still firm, amazing sauce.
The mac n cheese was amusing for a mom who stocks up on the Kraft variety!
The margarita pizza was disappointing.
Asparagus and Kobe bugers were both worth it.
The fries were magnificent - a can't miss!
The lobster potatoes were also good but salty.

Came here after watching "O" just down the hall and all I can say is WOW (to Fix, not the crazy Cirque du Soleil show).
My parents wanted to take us here because they had come a year before and absolutely RAVED about the food.
My mom was excited about the meal all day and couldn't wait for the show to be over so that we could eat.
FIRST, let's get this out of the way now.
Yes, it's an expensive restaurant and yes the items are pricey.
However, I feel that if a restaurant can justify their prices with flavor and quality, then it's worth it.
Fix was WORTH IT in my opinion.
I was honestly more excited about drinks and dessert, so I didn't order an actual "meal.
" I ordered the Yellowtail Jalapeno Sashimi and the Sausage Flatbread pizza.
I thought the Sashimi was EXCELLENT.
The blend of vinegar dressing with the fresh jalapeno and fresh fish was superb.
The pizza was also great.
I also had some of the Kobe Beef Chili that we ordered for the table, and HOT DAMN...that was probably the best chili I've ever consumed in my life.
It had a savory sweetness to it that complemented the kobe so perfectly - YUMMMMMO!!
Now, as for drinks and desserts, BEST $100 I've ever spent in my life (well I should say best $100 my parents ever spent ON MY LIFE)!
I had 3 martinis ($20/each), but all were surprisingly strong.
I don't mind spending an arm & a leg on drinks, as long as there is more alcohol in them, which was defintely the case.
I had the cucumber martini (with fresh cucumber & cherry tomatoes), extra dirty belvedere (they didn't have Ketel One surprisingly), and an Espresso martini.
We also ordered 3 desserts for the table (all $10) and they were all AMAZING.
I have this weird geriatric affinity for bread pudding and have to order it at any restaurant that offers it, and this was THE BEST I EVER HAD (yeah, just had a Drake moment right there).
It was just sheer perfection.
They also have fresh sugar donuts that come with chocolate and peanut butter dipping sauce which were also really good.
Last was the Alaskan Strawberry dessert that was surprisingly good considering they probably didn't use fresh strawberries (considering it's November in Vegas).
ALL IN ALL...TOP 5 MEAL I'VE EVER CONSUMED!

The place looks pretty cool but the food sucks.
My $19 popcorn shrimp was cold and looked like it came from Popeyes Chicken.
Then there was the $12 mashed potatoes that were definitely instant.
My friend had the steak and it was overcooked by a long shot at $52.
The only decent item was the tomato soup.
I would not find out the hard way that the chef's main kitchen equipment is probably a microwave.
The Bellagio food experience as a whole was this way but Fix was the most expensive therefore it bothered me the most.

My Husband and I ate here yesterday, Great food and great service.
The kobe beef is to die for and lobster tacos are a must have :) over all i give this 10 stars

Arrived Vegas a little late and had hard time finding a decent dining place without reservation, but FIX took us right in.
My wife ordered scallops and I did Stake and Lobster - yeah, I was hungry.
Waiters were professional and foods were fantastic even though I was hungry.
Only reason for three stars was LOUD MUSIC, indeed.
Asked to turn down a little, but nicely ignored.
Most guests were mid to seniors, but music was like hard rock cafe.
My wife and I had to shout (yell to be exact) each other.
If you wish a quiet dinning place, this is definitely avoiding place.
A little dark too.
Price was alright for the quality food.
Everything's good and could be near perfect unless too loud and weird sound of music.....

Excellent menu and unique decor.
Sits you right next to the Bellagio foot traffic minus the awkwardness.
We explored the Chef's ingenuity tapas style (which was perfect portion at 11.30pm after 4 cocktails).
Recommended items to try:  1) Spicy tuna  2) White truffle pasta with penne 3) Sliders

FIRST!
This place is CRAZY EXPENSIVE!
If you are not looking to spend hundres of dollars on a meal go somewhere else.
I went here on a date (on New Years Eve) before heading to The Bank for a show.
It was the only place to get a reservation for dinner near our show location.
When we arrived the staff was GREAT and let us sit at the bar.
They even let us use the reserved seats until our table was ready.
They have a GREAT selection of liquor too, my man in a big scotch fan so he was VERY excited to see they had a great selection.
The drinks we got before being seated should have been our first clue to the bill...it was $40 for 2x drinks!
Once we were seated they brought out the menu...it is a mandatory four course meal!
Which is AWESOME if you are hungry!
Each person pays a flat rate and they get an appetizer, salad, main course, side dish and dessert platter.
We did NOT look up the price before coming here but figured it'd be a few hundred bucks.
We were NOT prepared for the $165 flat rate price of dinner per person, when the waiter told us I was a little shocked.
Ot was $40 and $60 upgrades for the specials too.
My date got the lobster which was a $40 upgrade and worth it.
It was AMAZING!
However, after we already ordered and ate the appetizers/salads the waiter told us that the lobster was in addition to the main course so we could get something else if we wanted.
Since we were going to a show we didn't get any other food, but I was not very happy about this!
There was so much food in the 4 courses we could have got one meal w/ a lobster on top and split everything.
Oh well, the dinners were really good.
I got the filet mignon w/ adult mac-and-cheese.
It was AMAZING!
The best steak I have ever had, and the mac-an-cheese was at the suggestion of the waiter...good choice.
I had the kobe sliders for an appetizer too...they were delicious!
My date had the lobster and the asparagus, both were wonderful!
The dessert was a mixture of chocolate covered strawberry's and candies...all good.
We also got a bottle of wine, a suggestion of the waiter (reasonably priced at about $55 bucks a bottle) it was really good.
The food here was AMAZING!
It was probably one of the best meals I have ever had, it was trendy American food with a twist.
The service was also the best I have ever had, the waiters were engaging and friendly with out being over bearing.
My ONLY complaint was the price.
We spent $600 on dinner for two people.
Yes, we should have looked more into the price before going but the food was not worth that much money.
Definitely great for a once in a life-time meal though!

Husband and I were in Vegas for vacation and made reservations here because he saw their hotel commercial and was dying to go.
So we made 7:30 reservations and the place was empty.
We were sat right next to the hostess table, where all the waiters and waitress congregated to bullshit, even though there were plenty of better oriented tables she could have sat us at.
My husband got his little burgers and I got the filet and lobster.
Neither of which were very impressive.
My steak was overcooked to medium well (I asked for medium) and my poor husbands little burgers were nothing special at all.
One good thing was the mac n cheese....that was tasty.We also had about 4 different servers so it was pretty hard to distinguish who ours was when we actually need refills and such.

One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!
I've had everything on the menu and there isn't a single thing that I don't like.
I usually come here with friends and we order a bunch of appetizers and dishes so that we can share and taste a little bit of everything.
Must trys are: Lobster Tacos, Bobby Baldwin Burgers, Spicy Tuna, Adult Mac N Cheese, BLT Crab Cakes.
All of their food sounds like stuff you've heard of or tried before but they add twists to their dishes that takes it to another level that you've never tasted.
The restaurant doesn't have a fourth wall (besides a hip level wall/divider) so it basically opens into the casino... which makes for great people watching if you sit on the outskirts of the restaurant.
The feel is hip, trendy, sexy (its Vegas after all) and has a constant beat of ongoing music.
They do take reservations but the bar and lounge is open seating and provides about 10-13 small tables and booths, plus seating at the bar so you can usually find somewhere to squeeze in even during busy times.

I went here prior to seeing "O" at the bellagio and it was an incredible dinner experience!
My husband and I both ordered the filet and lobster and it was truly OUT OF THIS WORLD.
Our fabulous dinner was well worth the $200+ price.

This review is based purely on how they handle reservations.
I booked a table for 10 on Open Table for 8:15pm.
We arrive at 8pm and they tell us they haven't even seated their 7pm reservations so they were running 1 hour behind.
So, our 8:15pm reservation turned into a 10pm seating; we got tired of waiting around and left.
What's the point in making a reservation if the restaurant isn't going to honor it?

This is a hard review because there were elements I really loved.
First of all, I was served the finest scallop dish I have ever had.
The heavenly combination of scallops and crab sauce over tiny potato pancakes was perfection.
Very rich but clean and fresh tasting.
My dinner companion had a lovely veal chop and lobster mashed potatoes.
She loved her dinner and said it was very filling.
She sampled a few wines before settling on a Jordan Cabernet.
She loved that, too.
We shared the banana doughnuts with insipid dipping sauce.
This was a rancid tasting, stomach clenching mistake.
Even though much of it was left, no one really seemed to care.
This wasn't the worst part of the evening...  After we were seated, a couple sat down at the next table.
They had clearly been fighting for a while and the food and wine didn't help things.
It was beyond awkward.
At one point, the man placed himself between our two tables and continued the argument that was both personal and pornographic.
It was awful and didn't let up until he got up and left.
It was very disturbing.
I have a bit of claustrophobia and as I had no clear path out and my breathing space impaired, I started to feel lightheaded.
The manager should have been sensitive to the situation and either moved them or us.
All I could think of was how to breathe with all of this going on.
The throbbing and ultra loud music didn't help matters.
We thought this would be the finest meal at the Bellagio but it was a terrible experience.

Amazing beyond amazing!
Just wow!
I had lobster tacos and a salad and they were both incredible.
They seem to have a system that has all their waiters waiting on every table.
It was really nice to have different guys constantly coming by.
Overall the dining experience was a 10+

Didn't get to try the food because we decided to get $20 martinis... No joke.
But they were damn good martinis.
My friend got the cotton candy one.
A liquid-less martini glass with a puff of cotton candy arrives to your table and then the waitress shakes her shaker, pours the concoction over the cotton candy, and it dissolves and disappears.
Don't be sad though, because this drink does not disappoint!
I ordered the gumdrop martini which arrived with a skewer of 4 large gumdrops across the top.
Mmmm!
It was almost too cute to drink!

I went here and enjoyed lunch.
It had nice ambiance and great service, and of course the main reason it got 4 stars, was good food!
We weren't especially hungry so we split an app, an entree, and the dessert.
We had the spicy tuna raw FIX for the app which was very good and flavorful.
Next we split the Truffle Penne with had prosciutto in it which was delectable!
they had already split the portions and brought the servings in two separate dishes.
It was so tasty and creamy, that I could have had more but it was just enough to save room for dessert.
For the dessert, we listened to the advice of our server and ordered the banana infused donuts that came with sides of chocolate and peanut butter dipping sauces.
Even though this sounded a little bizarre, it was actually very good and we ate them up really quick!!
cant wait to come back and try other things on their menu that I saw but was unable to try on this trip!, no worries...i go back in a few days!

This is definitely a place to eat while in town.
Went in for dinner on a Saturday night right before a Cirque du Soleil show, so the location was very convenient for us.
Called ahead and made reservations but still had to wait 15 minutes.
The atmosphere is more like a lounge rather than a restaurant and it can get pretty loud in there.
Personally, I loved the music they were playing.
There are crowds of all ages.
The food is delicious.
However, you are definitely paying a good amount for each plate.
The portions are rather small but of quality.
The lobster tacos are an absolute must.
The Kobe beef chili cheese fries is great (does not taste or look like your average chili cheese fries).
The scallop appetizer dish is very fresh.
This plate includes the greatest bacon I have ever tried!
I can see myself returning here.
P.S.
They have freshly baked banana filled donuts covered in sugar with two different dipping sauces (peanut butter & chocolate hazelnut) that's out of this world!

Holy hell Batman, this IS some good eatin'!
I am seriously having orgasms in my mouth just thinking about how good the food was!
Found this place when I decided to skip the usual buffet and eat somewhere different and non-chainy (not a big fan of chain restaurants, but anyway....).
Came across FIX.. on Yelp.
Ate mini lobster tacos and at $23 for 4 mini (and I mean, mini), you would think one would be put off, but the taste is amazing!
Served with avacado puree and the tastiest lobster that might ever touch your tongue.
Also had the very adult mac and cheese.
O M G!
I mean, you can hardly go wrong with mac n cheese, but the mac n cheese sticks were lightly battered and fried, filled with the creamiest blend of unique cheeses, and some garlic aoli or something.
Doesn't really matter, because it was deee lissssh ussss!
Lastly the scallops on potato pancakes doesn't sound fabulous, but the scallops were melt in your mouth and cooked to perfection.
With the bacon and crab hollandaise sauce, yummmmm, my mouth is orgasming again.
For the prices you might expect a restaurant that looks higher end, and also being that it's located in the Bellagio, you might expect snooze and snob, but the place is very lounge- like, people enjoying the bar, the electronica music and the good looking (well- mostly) people.
The 3 waiters (yes, 3 waiters) - Brock, Tom and Costa- were very attentive, nice and provided excellent service.
Were they working undercover?
I don't know, but they did a great job waiter-ing.
Next time in town, I am for sure going to get my Fix!

Get the seabass!
I don't normally go for white wine, but I ordered a white knowing damn well I was in the mood for seafood and I was not disappointed.
Delicious food, superior service.
The staff was super attentive and having several servers makes you think there might be some confusion; there wasn't.
They have it down to a science.
The side of asparagus with a drizzled fondue sauce was just as good as the lobster-broth soaked seabass.
Also, the rasberry sin (drink) is a dream.
A little on the sweet side, but if you have a sweet tooth with your liquor, go for it.
Will definitely be back!

To be honest, I was a bit disappointed.
We ordered the 3 course prix fixe for $60.
The Caesar salad was good, but not great.
I ordered the filet, 5 oz that came with a great sauce.
Unfortunately, when the sauce ran out the meat itself was rather dry, something you wouldn't expect with a filet.
The chicken my partner ordered was also pretty dry without the sauce.
Desserts were excellent, but a little small.
For example, there were only two donuts to go with a lot of dipping sauces.
Btw, the tap water the serve seems to be unfiltered, it has that rather odd Las Vegas taste to it.
I'd recommend ordering a cocktail or wine.
The service for us was excellent and attentive, and the restaurant itself is beautiful.
I just wish the food was better given the price.

when someone important comes to the restaurant, like in my case the owner, ppl forget about you, and 10 ppl including the manager serve him.
Horrible experiance

noisy - steak cold - very expensive for a casino restaurant that is open to teh casino floor

This restaurant was recommended by the Conceirge in Mandalay and we were looking for a cool place to grab a bite not too upscale.
This was it, tucked inside the Bellagio, right on the casino floor, there was this hip trendy place.
The one thing I notice it was not too secluded and could get quite loud from the floor of the casino since there was no wall and it was very dark inside.
Still, the menu boasts some unique tastefully done dishes and some delicious cocktails.
The service was friendly and the price was okay, not the best for the food you get.
Scallops were delicious but the fried mac and cheese was the best!
Pizza was sub par not great.
In all not a bad meal.
Not sure I would make this my first choice in Vegas though.

Horrible service, rude server, bad drinks!

Great place for a unique spin on American food.
Kobe beef sliders were delicious!
Very tender and cooked med-well to perfection without getting tough on the outside.
Sausage and peppers pizza was delicious and spicy.
Very adult mac 'n cheese was A-MA-AING!
The mac was breaded and fried in mozzarella stick shaped pieces.
Those were good all on their own.
Once you dip it in the cheese sauce with truffle oil, they get even better!!
Not bad with ketchup, either.
I would go back just for those :) Our friends got lobster tacos, scallops and kobe beef chili cheese fries, all of which they said was delicious.
Fair, but expensive wine selection...fast and friendly service...would go back again.

The food here is amazing.
We went for a bachelorette party and the food came out fast, was all amazing, loud music, fun atmosphere.

Okay, I seriously don't know why FIX doesn't show up in just about every Best Place to Eat in Las Vegas article.
Maybe because it's an unassuming kind of little place among all the high-end celebrity chef eateries.
Forget that!
I've been here twice and can't wait to go back.
Roasted tomato soup with bacon goat cheese grilled cheese - how's that for a starter?
My wife loved every single bit of it while I enjoyed my shrimp cocktail.
If that's not good enough for you, check out the Kobe chili cheese fries.
Right?
Pork prime rib is just too delicious for words.
Slow roasted and very tender - perfectly seasoned.
It's served with an apple bread pudding which is a little nondescript.
Warm banana nut doughnuts with two dipping sauces for dessert.
Yum!
Go for these and you will be rewarded.
So they are a little bit loud and very expensive but that's the what you can expect in Las Vegas these days.
Save up and treat yourself to an amazing meal at FIX.

Fix.
When looking for a place to eat that was nice, fun, and had good food - this place came up.
When eating in Vegas, you should be picky.
No need to settle for just ok.
There are so many great places to eat, so do your research and find the place for you.
Fix seemed to meet all my expectations.
So, I made reservations as soon as I decided on the place.
I am glad I did.
When we arrived, the place already looked pretty full.
Note that Fix is no place to have a quiet, calm dinner.
It's basically a restaurant that is preparing you for the fun and loudness that you will get into later in the night.
Their menu isn't too big, but still has a good selection - sushi, salad, steaks, seafood, and sides.
The other thing to note about Fix is that you don't have just one waiter and one server waiting on you.
It seems like a whole team.
Every time someone took our order, brought us something, asked how we were doing, and brought our check it was a different person.
Weird, but hey, they got the job done.
We ordered drinks - mojitos, whiskey, and champagne.
My friends ordered the Truffle Pasta, Scallops, Sushi, and some sides.
I got the Scallops and a side of asparagus.
I had been eating and drinking all day, so a steak sounded good, but just not what I wanted at the time.
Everything was delicious.
Very good.
Added perk to our experience?
Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel were there dining as well.
We didn't bother them, since we didn't even know at the time.
But later when we did find out, I thought, hey, if it's cool enough for them, it's cool enough for me.
Glad we ate here and I am especially glad we had a good experience.

Went to FIX for a pre-dinner cocktail with friends.
The restaurant itself has a very cool vibe, and I liked how it opened up to the casino floor of the Bellagio.
The drink menu is on an iPad, which of course just oozes hip/modern.
Cocktails, beer, and wine are all a little pricy.
I had a glass of pinot noir for $16, but I will say it was a damn good glass of wine.
The atmosphere was fun and the entire bar area felt very much like a lounge.
I'd be back for drinks!

The Fix is a nice place to grab a seat and people watch if you're waiting on something or someone at the Bellagio.
I tried their cucumber martini and it was delicious.
Service, however, while nice to look at, was not so great.
The girls were quick with the menus when you sat down but then forgetful about the details.
Also, drink prices were up to new Vegas standards... about $15 a drink.
It is what it is... an expensive highend casino bar.
I liked my drink, which is what's most important.
Might see ya there.

Slick, lounge style dining in the middle of the bellagio.
It's dark, the music is loud, the food is outrageously expensive, Vegas baby!
A pretty creative menu all things considered.
U gotta try the hot wing lollipops and scallops.
Everything we had illicited rave reviews.
Definitely a place for a group on the town...

I had a very good experience at Fix.
I had the Ribeye steak and fries which was excellent.
The atmosphere was upbeat and the staff was attentive and friendly.

One of my favorites.
Great food and great service.
Highly reccomend the wings and the adult mac n cheese.

Sexy ambiance and an industry favorite among the nightclub crew.
Beautiful woodwork throughout and nice place to people watch.
One of the best Chilean Sea Bass I've ever had.
Buttery, melt in your mouth and seared to perfection, served atop risotto in a lobster broth.
This would definitely be on my "last meals" list.
The truffle penne pasta with peas is good and one to make at home.
The lobster tacos are also very delish and have a good amount of fresh lobster meat.
The filet is good like you would expect any filet served on the strip.
Even if you think you don't have room, order their donuts for dessert anyways.
They're served warm with 2 dipping sauces...yum.
Don't expect to have much conversation as it's pretty loud.
Service is usually good and signature drinks though pricey are very good.
It's been awhile so I think it's time for another Fix :)

Came back, got the Bobby Baldwin sliders again.
Excellent, like before.
But, this time we had the rock shrimp appetizer.
This is a very solid dish, fried and comes with fried peppers and 2 dipping sauces:  a chili sauce and a hot mustard sauce.
Although both are good, they are REALLY good when combined.
Give it a shot, you won't be sorry.
Service was fantastic.
Very friendly.

FIX was really good.
The cocktails were really good too.
Love the martini list.

Fix has a very casual feel but it a higher end restaurant.
The restaurant is not enclosed and you can see out into the casino which was nice.
The food was pretty pricey but good.
I got the surf and turf and it was delicious.
As in any hotel the drinks were pretty pricey.
If you just want a relaxing place to eat good food (very casual, no need for dressy attire), Fix is the place for you.

When I went to Vegas a few years back, I ate here at the Bellagio before I went to Cirque du Soleil's "O"... and O...M...G...
Very cool ambience inside.
The wooden sculptured ceiling is really neat!
When I came here I had the Scallop dish.
It's served as a scallop "benedict" which is seared scallops with applewood bacon and crab hollandaise.
SO DELICIOUS!
It was the great "prefunk" of sorts before our Cirque show!
Whenever I am in Vegas again I would definitely come back!

Great food and drinks, but slow service.

We barley made it in time to this place, but was glad it was still open.
Our server was really nice and helpful.
Unfortunatley I can't remember waht I had here, which is why I only give it four stars.

Dinner here was amazing went on my B-Day and had the Shell Fish Trio or something like that...it was so good, also had the Lobster Mac & Cheese, my wife had the Scallops...to die for, the drinks were good also had a Pineapple Mojito and a Gumdrop Martini...delish I highly recommend this place.

Awesome food and service, everything was very fresh and melted in my mouth including those vodka shots!
Good times!

Fix is very good but also very expensive, maybe because we had 3 Raspberry Sin martinis which equalled $60 just themselves.
Personally the drinks were worth it, the Raspberry Sins are delicious.
I had the lobster and steak which was very melt in your mouth delicious.
The total bill for 2 people was a bit shocking at $232!

Fix was an awesome place suggested for us to try.
The dcor is absolutely bad ass.
Curved wood ceilings really give this place a cool look!
All of the restaurants in the Bellagio seem to use iPads as cocktail menu's now.
As a techie, I thought that was pretty cool.
They show a picture of each drink along with how its made.
The deserts were also part of this menu.
Unfortunately, I'm pretty lame and just stuck with a Stella or a Crown and Coke.
But those were delicious, of course :)  We got the adult mac & cheese and a large plate of oysters for appetizers for the table.
The mac was actually fired into a cheese stick of sorts.
Other yelpers rave about them, but I wasn't that much of a fan to be honest.
The oysters, like all the others at the Bellagio, are cold water and smaller.
They are the better ones.
They were delicious, and only need a drop of lemon juice to bring out their flavor and full potential.
I also got a bowl of the tomato soup.
It was fantastic.
They gave you bacon and goat chese grilled cheese pieces on the side.
Was great to dip into the soup!
For the main course, I got the 10 ounce filet.
There was an option to go Oscar and get king crab on top of the steak.
I declined since I got the soup and I was already running out of storage space in the stomach.
Cutting into the steak showed that it was perfectly cooked.
It tasted fantastic!
We got the seasonal cobbler for dessert.
Holy sh*t.  One of the best cobblers I have ever had.
It barely made it around the table for everyone to try.
If you like cobblers or pie, or apples, GET THIS!
I will surely be back if I am in the Bellagio again!

Try the cucumber martini, adult Mac n cheese, and the scallops Benedict and I promise you won't be disappointed!

Great Food.
Great Drinks.
Always somewhat snotty ladies greeting you up front.
(I'm with my wife, no, I am not being a creep)   otherwise----- I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!
Have the Ahi Tuna Appetizer- nothing like it anywhere!
Cucumber Martini!
Always great steaks, pasta, everything.
Never had bad food here.

I debated between giving this place 1/2 stars but aired on the side of kindness because I'm on vacation.
The low rating not for the food, but for awful customer service.
The food was decent - definitely overpriced, but hey you're in Las Vegas.
I had the Greens salad and the maple apple cider vinaigrette was surprisingly refreshing and paired well with the goat cheese in the salad.
I also tried the adult Mac & Cheese; tasty, but a little heavy on the truffle oil.
Now for customer service.
Be warned: adding chicken to your salad will literally double the price of your meal.
I kid you not, it was a $16 4 oz piece of chicken added to my $16 salad.
Similarly, the waitress offered my friend another soda - which we later found was not a refill, but a new $4.50 soda.
When we raised this to our waitress, she sent over the manager.
To our shock and surprise when we raised these points to him, not once did he apologize but went further in regards to the chicken to reply "it can't just be complimentary".
Yes, thank you...
I've been to a restaurant before.
Usually it's an addition, in other words, a part of your meal and NOT the same cost for a tiny piece of chicken.
To the main point, this is not how you speak to customers and I would avoid this rude establishment.

I wanted a place to hang, have a drink and a snack while waiting for the show.
Sitting at the balcony we had an DELICIOUS crab cake and I had a PERFECTLY lime flavored gin - which requires a good knowledge...
HIGHLY recommend!
I won't go 5 stars just because I think being a snack bar it could have few more options at the menu.

Beef Carpaccio is phenomenal .

I can't understand the low reviews here.
Food is amazing and service even better.
Sure, its a little pricey but treat yourself.
It's Vegas and you only live once.
P.S.
try the yellowtail sashimi.
You'll be glad you did

My boyfriend bought tickets for us to see O at the Bellagio and wanted me to pick a restaurant for dinner afterwards.
I read many reviews and decided FIX sounded like something we would enjoy.
I wanted to go somewhere nice, but not too fancy.
I don't like super fancy restaurants or gourmet food.
I like a good steakhouse with menu items I can identify.
The menu I saw online, seemed easy with a few fancy things I didn't mind trying.
I made reservations online and when the show was over we headed to FIX.
We were seated immediately and our waiter was very attentive.
We ordered a glass of wine each on the ipad menu.
The decor was great.
Dimly lit, but our table looked out toward the casino floor.
The music was upbeat, but not too loud as some reviews complained.
We ordered the lobster tacos, kobe sliders, mac n cheese and mushrooms.
The lobster tacos were very small, but WONDERFUL!
We both agreed that the size was deceiving, because each had so much flavor and was just enough for the two of us.
The Kobe sliders were juicy and delicious.
The mushrooms were also very good.
The adult mac n cheese was pretty good, but I didn't finish them.
Nothing too special about them.
Our bill was about $100 but worth it and made our date night that much more fabulous.
We will definitely go back and recommend to friends.
We are still dreaming of those lobster tacos!

My husband and I stopped in for a quick bite before seeing O at the Bellagio.
Pleasantly surprised by the food.
We had shrimp, beef carpaccio, oysters and some sashimi.
Everything was fresh and good.
The waitress knew we were in a hurry and the food arrived quickly.
I would go back for a more leisurely dinner.

Sooo good I highly recommend dinning at fix if you are in Vegas.
The food was DELICIOUS!
I got a Caesar salad with the lobster tacos, fried Mac & cheese sticks & I got the strawberry aviation as a drink.
My husband got the rib eye steak which was also really good.
The atmosphere was great & so was the staff who waited on us.
The dress code said casual but I recommend dressing up.
You have to eat here!

Had a good meal here with my girlfriends.. the ONLY downfall was the horrible and NONATTENTIVE service we received.
She greeted us once and never asked to refill our waters and when we needed something she never came to the table we had to ask other people walking by.
She also did not come to us for the bill we had to come to her because we were on a time crunch to leave by 10pm.
This is Vegas.. be nice and we will be nice to you.

Talk about class and Beautful people Surrounding Fix was a great time tonight and the Food was amazing are server was beautiful and very Atendent great costumer service.
Try the lobster tacos and wings my favorite I'll be back soon!

First time trying Fix, not gonna lie it was great.
The finger licking wings, adult mac & cheese, & the filet were on point!
Any time I have friends or family in town I will definitely recommend.

Didn't get a chance to eat just had a couple drinks l.. really cool laid back feel.
I think the whole design and the lighting.
Service was really good.
Will come back soon to check out the food.

Terribly understaffed.
It looked like they only had five servers to cover about 200 patrons.
Our servers seemed earnest, but it was impossibly slow.
Food was just mediocre, steaks all overcooked, drink orders mixed up, and it was very expensive (even considering location)  Will not be coming back.

Came here to celebrate friend's 40th.
BIG disappointment.
First of all, the hostess was rude.
She wouldn't seat us, saying they were booked.
Granted we arrived 15 minutes earlier than our reservation time, but there were PLENTY of empty tables.
So she made us wait closer to our reservation time.
Then one of us ordered a steak - MEDIUM.
But it came medium WELL the first time...they took it back.
Again, it came back in a few minutes, WELL DONE, CHARRED!!
They took it back.
The THIRD time it was brought out, the manager came out.
In a very belittling tone, he asked what the problem was and waited to see if it was to our liking.
The steak FINALLY came out medium, but the manager made things a lot worse in his condescending demeanor.
Lastly, to cap things off, they got our dessert order wrong.
We ordered doughnuts, and brought out brownies instead... :(  Everything else we ordered was good.
Our waiter (Tom) was kind, very attentive & professional.
He was awesome!
But the manager and hostess need to go!

My experience was ok, though not fantastic.
Service was attentive and helpful.
I started with the tomato soup with grill goat cheese sandwich.
I pretty much only ordered it for the goat cheese.
But the soup was fantastic too.
Probably one of the most satisfying bowls of soup I've had.
I then ordered a filet mignon (medium rare) with mashed potatoes and the adult mac and cheese- I was feeling nostalgic.
The steak was perfect.
Cooked the way I like it, tender and juicy and flavorful.
The potatoes were good, though nothing special.
Then came the mac&cheese.
I wanted to like it.
I was more than disappointed.
They came as fried macaroni noodles in stick form with a truffle cheese dip on the side.
The noodles were overly greasy and the cheese sauce didn't live up to the hype.
Definitely a waste for me since I was eating alone.
If I had been sharing with a friend I might have been less disappointed.
The price overall was fine for a restaurant on the strip.
I would definitely try it out again, but probably not until I've had a go at a few other places first.

We tried out this trendy spot before we went to a show at the Bellagio Hotel is Vegas.
The atmosphere was great and the low lighting set a romantic/relaxing vibe.
We were seated right at the time our reservation was set for and handed our menus.
We had three different servers approach our table at different times to take our drink orders, which let us confused as to who our server was.
The drink order took about  15-20min to come out, which seemed quite extreme seeing that there were many tables still open for seating.
The cucumber martinis we ordered were equal to two martinis.
They were DELISH!
We ordered another round along with our food order to ensure that we get to enjoy them before the start of our show.
We ordered a couple side salads and split the Truffle Penne Pasta dish, which was more than enough for two people.
Once we had all finished our dinner and drinks we had to wave down our waitress for a third round of drinks and our check.
It literally took her 20 + minutes to brink our drinks and another 15 minutes to bring our check.
We once again had to waive her down to run our credit card and that took another 10 minutes for her to complete.
Thank Goodness we gave ourselves almost 2 hours to eat otherwise we would've missed our show!
Overall, the atmosphere, food, and drinks were great but the service was horrific, which is why I could not give this place a better rating.
I would highly suggest you come here for a drink or two and skip out on the formal sit down dinner.

FIX is a restaurant located right off of the casino at the Bellagio Hotel.
Service was very attentive and knowledgeable.
Interestingly, FIX can host children under the age of six before 8pm.
I found this to be very rewarding and a great option in a sea of restaurants that don't accept children at all.
Although the music is a tad loud, it wasn't totally distracting.
Concerning food quality, it was A-OK but for steaks I would recommend the dry aging not the wet aging process.
A fairly decent wine list, but not a lot in the "value" range.
Good luck!

The menu looked promising but my experience was disappointing.
The 2 star review is based on the fact that it was simply not worth it.
The food was good, but I'm not sure why I paid $42 for 3 medium size scallops with a hash cake (or whatever it was) underneath them.
No real side to speak of.
Guest got the sea bass and it was okay for $45.
Same with the mac and cheese (which is actually deep fried mac and cheese bites with truffle cheese sauce), just okay.
I got the gist that it was a restaurant with Bellagio prices for small portions of 3-4 star food.
If you're willing to spend the money for fine dining I would go elsewhere.
And I don't really rate the service at most places but it wasn't good.
After I got the drink menu we waited almost 10 minutes for the server to show.

So after walking through three hotels with heels, I was so sick of finding a good restaurant that coming here was basically last resort.
The menu seemed OK, and it looked as if a lot of people were enjoying themselves so I probably would have, too.
They have a tiny menu, so there's not a variety to chose from.
Like us, when your starving, it's not the options you would probably want.
The waitress was nice enough to pour a drink once during our whole stay.
And whole stay meaning a while because it took VERY long to get our food.
We weren't even told, "hey sorry about the wait" or "it'll be a while, it'll be out shortly".
Oh, and for the prices on this menu, not even a side of bread while we're sitting there famished?
Well, we got an appetizer which was Lobster Tacos ($24).
So excited to get it because like I said our stomachs were basically eating it selves.
We get them, it's only four tacos, which is fine two for each right?
BUT IT'S NOT FINE WHEN THE TACO IS HALF THE SIZE OF YOUR PALM!
B.S.
IF YOU REALLY WANT MY OPINION.
Burrata Caprese is what I chose for my meal.
UH?
AGAIN, SIZE??
I had already expected it to be small from the size I saw for the appetizer.
I'll give the taste a 10, but the size of these?
And the WAIT for this food?
WHY??
There wasn't much on my plate to cook anyway!!!
I should have walked out when I saw it.
No, I will NEVER return or recommend this restaurant.
We were still starving after leaving.
For the nice price and service, she got a nice tip, too.

I arranged to have my company's Holiday dinner at FIX.
What a big mistake it was.
We had a big group of over 30 people, they arranged to have us sit in round tables joined together, some had 4 people, others had 5 or 6 people.
While the food was sub-par at best, the service was the worst I have ever experienced.
It started during appetizer when each plate had 4 pieces of flat bread.
The servers didn't bother to make sure that tables with 5 or 6 people had enough for everyone, so I had to flag them down to ask.
When the main course was served, the steak came before the steak sauce, and some tables were missing steak sauce.
As the host, I was expecting the waiters and waitresses to take care of making sure my guests were well taken care of.
Instead, I had to run from table to table to make sure everyone had enough sauce.
Needless to say, this wasn't the only problem.
The side dishes (mashed potatoes and cream spinach) were so small I manage to get 1 teaspoon of it, and there was hardly enough for my table of 4.
I had to complain, and the waitress brought out 1 extra side for my entire party.
The same thing happened at dessert.
Some tables got their "doughnut" desserts, other's did not.
I had to run around again, bringing extra desserts from one table to another.
After complaining to the waitress that I want to speak to the manager, it took an employee of mine to finally get the Assistant General Manager to come over to talk to me.
In any decent restaurant, my experience would have resulted in a discount, a reduction in service fees, or at least some sort of compensation to make up for the bad service, but all I heard from him was he was "sorry".
I will never host another group event at any of the MGM properties or restaurant again because of this bad experiences.
FIX needs some serious fixing.
The manager should be fired for the inability to supervise, and the servers need much more training.
The food is over priced, and for the $600+ in gratuities they charged me (compulsory for large groups), I was expecting far better service than this.
The atmosphere was horrible.
You can smell cigarette smoke coming in from the casino, and the sound was so LOUD I couldn't hear anything the person sitting across from me was saying without them having to shout.
AVOID THIS RESTAURANT FOR LARGE GROUPS!

I have been here more times than I can count so I will keep this simple.
Get the yellowtail sashimi and the chicken wings.
I like hot and spicy but I don't like my wings with lots of sauce so I always get the sauce on the side.
Extra carrots, celery, with a side of Ranch and I am happy.
Some items on the menu are way over priced even for the Bellagio so be prepared to pay.
The other downside is the noise.
The music is usually really loud unless you go really late.

Every time I come here I leave happy and mostly I'm blown away.
Right on the fringe of the Bellagio Casino floor their is always great sights, great energy and great looking woman hanging out at the bar.
It's such a good combination of great food, great service, and great aesthetics.
the duck and waffles dish is new and it's a foodgasm.
If you want a classy dining experience mixed in with a cool, sexy vibe, Check this place out.
Salud.

Good atmosphere but bad food and service.
The $60 Steak I ordered was burned and we had to wait another 30 minutes for a second one.
The waiter never apologized for the inconvenience.

Fix is the best place to grab sophisticated meal inside The Bellagio.
Great atmosphere, beautiful dcor, and exquisite entres!
I recommend trying the duck and waffles!
It is a modern and classy take on a old southern classic.
If your in the Bellagio and need an amazing dinner before you big the night life scene I would check out fix.
From the music, service, and food it is simply amazing!
Definitely worthy of being in The 5 diamond Bellagio.

In 15 years of going to Las Vegas, this is about the worst meal I've ever had.
Here's my experience, in convenient list format 1) 9pm reservation - we sat at 10:15pm.
Seriously.
They blamed OpenTable, whatever.
At the end of the day, if they knew there were problems, how come nobody contacted us?
RIDICULOUS.
2) Prices - $44 for a piece of fish or chicken?
Really?
I've been to top restaurants in LV, NYC, SF, etc, and while I've seen expensive food, it comes along with... amazing service, uber-fresh ingredients, creative menus, etc.
This was just ripoff central.
3) Food quality - my seabass was bland, as in had less flavor than microwaveable fish sticks.
One person in our party sent their food back!
Chicken was dried out, sides were meh.
The "bright spot" was the appetizers, which I cannot recall even a few days later, so probably not too bright.
4) Ambiance - eh, it was "fine".
Nothing special, no great decor, nothing revolutionary.
5) Service was decent, they kept glasses full, etc.
Again, not amazing (no synchronized food delivery for example), just average.
Nothing to justify the cost of the meal.
The entire group walked out very disappointed.
Wouldn't go back, wouldn't recommend, wouldn't do anything ever again.
Maybe they call it Fix because it still needs to be fixed?

Talk about class and Beautful people Surrounding Fix was a great time tonight and the Food was amazing are server was beautiful and very Atendent great costumer service.
Try the lobster tacos and wings my favorite I'll be back soon!

Dropped into Fix a few times for a quick fix after playing hours of poker.
Love the feel of the open restaurant and the lounge environment.
Drink menu was presented on a IPad and they came out just as fancy and phenomenal!
Service was quick and attentive as expected in a restaurant like this and I wasn't disappointed!
Food came in small portions but just enough to hit the spot and have you wanting more.
I definitely will be returning in the future.

I have had the pleasure of eating here a few times.
The food is good.
The service is excellent.
Great spot to have a drink before the club.

I'm a regular customer at fix and was a little disappointed with the menu change because I'm so comfortable with the old menu.
After getting over the fact that a couple of my favorites were taken off the menu I realized the new menu had a couple things that sounded delicious.
The services is the same as always ( top notch) and I'm actually excited to go back and try a couple more new items .
Fix is always a must for me

The Bellagio is my 'regular' Las Vegas hotel, so I have visited most of the foodie places over the last few years.
For some reason, I had never been to FIX before this week though and I'm glad I tried it!
YUM!
The restaurant was nearly empty when I entered the bar a little after 6pm.
Our reservation as at 6:30 and I got there for an early drink.
We sat at the bar for a while and the bartender was quick to respond to drink orders of my group and made very good shots; I would highly suggest the berry shot on the menu.
Once we were seated  at our table, our group was promptly greeted by our very fun and sweet waitress.
She had a great sense of humor and had a lot of energy.
We asked a few appetizer questions and were ready to order.
For appetizers I tried the Cured Yogurt and the Kobe Chili Cheese fries.
So what is Cured Yogurt and why would anyone order it?
I had no clue but was intrigued because I had never seen anything like it before on a menu...
I LOVED IT and think this is a must order item.
It's grilled bread with a ball of greek yogurt that you spread on the bread, on top of that you add the blackberry jam, and then you sprinkle with sea salt on top.
Sooo good, I don't know how it works together but it does.
I also tried the Kobe Chili fries were a small cubed stack of fries with a side of chili and a small pitcher of a cheese sauce; they were good but not as good as the Cured Yogurt appetizer.
For my entre, I ordered the Pork Prime Rib, without the onion and I ordered the Very Adult Mac & Cheese as my side instead of the apple bread pudding.
The pork was perfection, juicy and lightly seasoned.
The Very Adult Mac & Cheese was actually fried mac & cheese sticks, they were good, but were not what I was expecting when I ordered them.
Since my table was sharing bunch, I also got to try a few bites of other items...
Someone let me try their apple bread pudding, it was good and moist, but I'm glad I got the mac instead.
I also tried a bite of the NY Sirloin (cooked medium) which was great.
I am still glad I got my pork chop, but might order the Sirloin during my next visit.
Finally, I tried the smoked mashed as well, the potatoes were super creamy and rich.
I will 100% return to FIX during my next LV trip.
Everything I tried was delicious, the servers were wonderful and it was an overall great experience.

words can not do this amazing establishment justice you have to experience this wonderful mix of high energy atmosphere and top of the line cuisine as they are merged together for a ONE OF A KIND dinning experience..
Located in the heart of the most exquisite hotel on the strip in the #Bellagio

With all the choices at Bellagio of great food including one of my favorite restaurants Yellowtail, this place still always surprises me.
They always come with some different yet amazingly delicious dishes.
One which I had a month ago was the Duck With eggs and waffles.
This was just heaven in my mouth, every worked so well together and they an aged Maple syrup that was terrific.
Now recently I had the Crispy skin pork shank with sweet corn spoon bread, creamed collards greens, Southern mustard bbq sauce.
This dish was amazing they way the pork had crispy skin and just went so with all the sides.
Definitely recommend this spot.

Fix is a fun, upscale, with a lounge like hip feel at Bellagio!
I recommend stopping by before an upbeat night.
The sexy vibe puts you in the mood before a night out on the strip.
The menu is new and the chicken and waffles are a must have.
The new pork shank is to die for as well.
Don't worry for you lighter eaters their is still seabass, scallops, yellowtail sashimi on the menu.
The appetizers are perfect for a sharing plate to start the meal.
In addition to the great food their is many specialty cocktails.
Stop by Fix.
I think you and your friends will enjoy it before a night out!

I have only been here once but it was delicious!
I had their scallops, creamed spinach and mashed potatoes and had to walk off my food coma.
Great service even though they were incredibly busy.

Satisfied my steak craving!!
:)   I was in the mood for some steak so we stopped by here, (realizing afterward that Michael Mina has his own spot near the garden =\ ) but I was happy with our choice.
Although, I cannot say the same for my party, which is why they received 3 stars.
I ordered the Filet (as usual) and it was prepared exactly to my liking, as was the LOADED BAKED POTATO.
Yummmmmm!
They have two different steak sauces to choose from, a peppercorn sauce (my fave) and another reduction of what tasted like a tangy, light A1 sauce.
The scallops my friend ordered were a bit gummy, okay in flavor, and a tiny portion.
I was nice enough to share my steak.
;))   The rib-eye was great although, my friend barely ate it.
He ordered it medium-rare, but charred, & he received a raw piece of meat with cooked corners.
Disappointing.
Their roasted cauliflower is yummy!
We cleaned our plate.
(:  Oh!
& their Bloody Mary's are a MUST.
Extra spicy.
:)~~~

Warning - if you are going to spend this money, spend the extra 10% more and walk right over to Prime in the Bellagio.
We ate here because we didn't get reservations at Prime in time.
The steaks are sub par.
The Sea Bass was really good, but that was the only thing our table of 6 was favorable about.
If it was priced medium it would be a different review, but it's not .

The only reason I'm giving 3 stars coz the waiting was so long.
The food was okay !
The drinks was okay too.
We came so hungry and waiting for the food to arrive for more then 20 minutes   Also there is not a lot of food for vegetarian people ))))  But you guys should stop and try it if you like good meat!

My girl friends and I were staying at Bellagio and agreed to have a comped dinner at FIX before going to our Bottle Service Reservations at The Bank Nightclub later that night, all provided by our wonderful Light Group VIP Host.
It was a nice atmosphere and a perfect stop before a long night out.
The steak tasted better than most of the other upscale steakhouses I've been to.
My girl friends all agreed that the food was absolutely delicious and service was great.
We will definitely be back again!

We went on a Friday night without reservations and we were seated right away.
The service was excellent, very quick and attentive.
My husband and I shared the Kobe chili cheese fries, the Chef's Nightly Kobe selection, and the Very Adult Mac and Cheese.
Absolutely no complaints...
It was all fabulous!

The best aspect of the restaurant is the decor and the pleasant wait staff.
The worst aspect was the inflated prices for $$ food.
The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't worth the price tag.
It's unfortunate that a restaurant that was so well designed opened up onto an odd end of the casino, where the slots meet the mall.
And of course diners are seated casino-wards, instead of tucking people back in against the well-designed interior walls.
And no draft beers at all, only $20 cocktails and $25 glasses of wine.

This place is always great.
Service was good, food was excellent.
Vegas is full of amazing restaurants, and this is 1 of them.
Oh yeah, adult mac and cheese...CHECK!

We have the sliders at the Fix every time we are in Vegas.
Really enjoy the simplicity of it and usually very consistent.
That being said, this place is way overpriced for the value and the wait staff leave a lot to be desired.
We have actually had the same waiter twice now and both times he has been less than stellar.
Considering the atmosphere and location this is not much of a problem, but with the plates as expensive as they are???
Menu also could stand more updating and larger selection.

I had an OK experience.
The lighting and the seating is really nice, very comfortable.
The waiters were extremely nice and we didnt have to wait too long for our food.
I had the filet mignon and mashed potatoes.
Which was actually pretty good!
I didnt finish it all, and since we were going to the Bank afterwards, i couldnt take a to-go box, which still makes me sad (because i paid so much for it).
The only down side was the price.
This place is crazy expensive.
I can deal with pricey as long as the food is to die for, but it wasnt worth it.
I probably wont be back just because of that.

Came here with my sister to celebrate our last night on vacation.
The service was amazing!
As a younger costumer I usually feel like less of a priority compared to older tables when I'm out to eat.
However, the servers were helpful and attentive, appearing happy to help.
The cocktails were fantastic!
We started of with the focaccia with truffle, which was worth going back I Vegas for in itself!
The ultimate Mac and cheese is a staple at Fix and was great as well!
The sliders and mashed potatoes were delicious!
The restaurant was pricey, but the food did not disappoint.
We ended dinner with coffee and the s'mores dessert.
I HIGHLY recommend the s'mores dessert!
Even when I was past full I could not stop indulging in it.
Overall a great dinner!

It's a steakhouse with a clean modern decor.
It's right next to the casino as was our table which makes for great people watching but I don't think that was our reason for coming to FIX.
The service was very very good and I like their use of Ipads.
With that being said nothing artistic goes into anything on their menu.
I was hoping to have something interesting to choose from on the menu.
I ended up getting a steak and while my steak was very good,  I could have gone to a dozen other places in Vegas and gotten the same steak with more menu options and a whole lot cheaper.
I know it is the Bellagio and I know Vegas is expensive but this was slightly obscene.

Consistently, amaazing food and service!
Been going here for 7+ years and they have NEVER disappointed.
Can't say enough.
The truffle pasta my friends love.
OH THOSE DONUTS!
YUM!
Can't say enough about their chicken wings + fries.
It's like bar food on steroids.
SO GOOD!
Super professional host/ waiters/bussers.
Really love this place!

Excellent.
Went here expecting average but good food.
Definitely not average and food was excellent.
Lobster tacos for an app for awesome but be aware they are bite sized.
Wish this was an entree with full size tacos.
The date app was incredible too.
Must try.
Even the doubters at the table were taken with it once they tasted.
Ribeye and filet were awesome.
Crispy pork was very very good.
Doughnuts for dessert?
Why, yes!!!!
Pretty pricey but excellent meal and excellent service.

I love this place!
They have the best duck and prosciutto flatbread and the most juicy sliders I've ever had.
Service is always great and food is always prompt.
This is definitely one of my favorite places for a quick dinner.

Great dining experience at the Bellagio!
Sure it's overpriced but the food was excellently prepared and our waiter, Michael Cedroni went the extra mile to make sure we were well taken care of throughout the meal.
Great start to a memorable evening!

Let me start off by saying that the lobster tacos are absolutely incredible,   The specialty drinks are perfect to go along with the impressive menu options, it's a very modern setting, good music and good vibe, this place definitely holds up to its level of greatness to be inside of the Bellagio hotel and casino,    Highly recommended place you must visit when in Vegas,

I've become a huge fan of gin-based drinks, and one of my absolute drinks is the Strawberry Aviation, which I discovered three years ago here at FIX.
Expensive ($20) for a drink, yes, but not in Vegas.
The chocolate covered strawberry is almost worth the price tag by itself.
If you get into FIX early, you can usually grab a seat at the bar.
Otherwise, plan on waiting for something to open up.

Fix is by far one of my top restaurants in Las Vegas.
Great fun ambiance I'm the center of Bellagio paired with an ever changing menu of American favorites.
The chicken here is a must order with one of their hand crafted cocktails.

I came here in a group of 10 people, total.
We had a reservation and they sat us in the back next to an extremely noisy group of people.
We had two servers for our table so I figured the service would  be quick...but it wasn't.
They were slow to get our food and drinks.
As for the food itself,  it is way over priced and I wasn't impressed.

The epitome of a Las Vegas Dining Tourist Trap.
Their menu is so unbelievably over-priced for uninspired food, presented under the guise of sophistication, that it borders on comical and is certainly cliched.
We ordered several appetizers for our party of 4, which we shared as our meal.
Spicy Tuna: Great dish that is a common appetizer at many, many sushi places.
A small dollop of spicy tuna served atop a deep-fried block of sushi rice.
Tasted fine.
Nothing out of the ordinary.
At most places this is a $6 - 8 dollar appetizer.
Here, its $25 - and you get 5 pieces that are about 1" square.
Chopped Nicoise Salad: I don't even know where to begin with this one .
the portion served was comparable to a side-salad you'd get at a place like Denny's.
The ingredients were fresh and presentation was nice, I'll give it that, but was it worth $19?
Unequivocally, no.
Kobe chili cheese fries: This might be the worst offender, which we ordered for the sheer comedy of it.
I love how places add "kobe" to the listing and assume that this allows them to triple the price.
Any restaurant who is using legitimate kobe beef, is: a) NOT going to grind it and b) NOT put it into CHILI.
What you get here is a nicely arranged log cabin of french fries, a small crock of "kobe" chili, (aka steak timmings simmered in tomato sauce), and a little container of some sort of melted cheese sauce, which is most certainly more cream than cheese, as it never solidified despite sitting on our table for close to an hour.
This was $21 - just under a buck a fry.
The "Very adult" mac and cheese: Ugh .
I'm pretty sure I've seen these at Costco for something like $20 a case.
Its macaroni and cheese, tossed with a piece or two of proscuitto, shaped into a log and deep fried.
Please .
Four pieces for $14  Bobby Baldwin Burgers: one of their "signature" dishes.
All of the same as noted with the chili above applies here too.
You get 3 sliders - which are exactly the same size as any other slider - for $31 dollars.
That's $10 a piece.
Absurdity.
Whole roasted cauliflower: aside from the fact that a) you are served a CHOPPED head of cauliflower (contrary to the description of "whole"); b) there were no raisins or hazelnuts; and c) the menu SHOULD read "brown butter bath", this was the best appetizer we had.
I don't know where they shop, but at my local Whole Foods, I can get a head of cauliflower for about $13 less than the $14 price, and I'm not buying by the case.
Drinks/bar:  a) Hire a proper sommelier, please.
The wine selection is very mediocre for Las Vegas, though the prices are far above average.
b) Hire a proper mixologist, please.
There are about 3 - 4 speciality cocktails, and they're rather uninspired.
A pineapple mojito?
Please.
Service: service was fine for our table.
We weren't left wanting for anything, water was promptly refilled, and they were attentive.
HOWEVER.
Serious warning here:  A food runner brought an appetizer to our table, set it down and walked away.
One which we did not order, as this happened within several moments of us sitting down.
About a minute later, just as we began to reach for the mystery appetizer, another waiter ran over, snatched up the plate and apologized that it had been given to the wrong table.
The waiter then turned around, placed the very same appetizer that had just been sitting on our table, onto the table behind us.
Not only is this likely a health code violation, its disgusting.
We were immediately turned off and wondered where else our food had been prior to arriving at our table.
The proper course of action here would have been to leave the appetizer with us and prepare a new one for the table who actually ordered it.
There is also clearly a ventilation problem in the kitchen.
Its hot in Vegas.
I know that.
I live here.
Our server, however, regularly came out of the kitchen, sweat dripping off his forehead and down his face.
He was not the only one either.
I tried (very hard) to not imagine the chef's sweat dripping into my food.
Ambiance: note that the dining room is basically on the casino floor.
If you like the smell of smoke wafting into your meal, the sounds of slot machines chiming away and passerby's staring at you as you eat, then this is the place for you.
Grand total for 4 people: $240 with 18% tip.
Again, none of us ordered an actual entree.
I have no problem paying that much for a meal .
its not the dollar amount thats the problem.
Its what you get for that price.
The food was very mediocre - not bad, but certainly not good either.
Drinks were very substandard.
Service was fine, but serious sanitary concerns.
The only reason this place can charge as much as it does is because its on the strip and in the Bellagio.
They're clearly catering to the tourist crowd looking for a fine-dining experience, hoping to capitalize on travelers who don't know any better.
Everyone in our party left there feeling a bit cheated and blatantly robbed.

This is really a 2 1/2 stars...but I rounded up on this one.
I really wanted to like FIX.
Took my parents here for Mother's Day.
Ambiance was great.
Our waiters were very attentive; always refilling our drinks, constantly coming to check up on us, they even took our pictures without hesitation.
(That's the reason why I decided to bump this review to a 3 stars.
)  Food-wise.....ehh...I've had better filet mignon and sea bass.
ITEMS WE ORDERED:  LOBSTER TACOS: came with 4 tacos.
This was considered "sharable appetizers" but I got this as my entre.
The tacos were delicious.
The flavoring and the salsa they give you are great pairings.
For small eaters like myself, this would get you perfectly full.
10 OZ FILET MIGNON: ordered this medium well.
Mom enjoyed it.
It was cooked to her perfection.
I had a couple pieces.
Not as juicy or seasoned as I wanted my filet mignons to be.
Like I said....I've had better.
SEABASS: It was good...but lacking in flavor.
The sea bass was on a thick layer of Risotto.
Risotto is an Italian rice dish cooked in broth to a creamy consistency.
As our side dish, we got their special of the day.
Buttered mashed potatoes with crab meat mixed inside.
Parents got a few bites...I ate most of it.
I'm a HUGE FAN of potatoes so this was delicious for me.
Perfect when it's pippin hot.
All in all, FIX was such a disappointment.
Wanted to like this restaurant but it wasn't all that great.

A 4-star meal for sure, but the prices are ridiculous, so know that coming in.
When they pull the ol' "no prices on the online menu" trick, you know your wallet is in for a hit.
Items ordered...  Finger Lickin' Fix - Lollipop wings and lots of em.
They were little one bite wonders.
A great starter if you're hanging at the bar.
Kale Caesar - Served in a nice wooden bowl, this salad was delish.
The kale was crisp and the addition of a lemon slice and some parmesan cheese really worked well with the dressing.
Roasted Scallops - One of those items that comes out and you say, 'Hm.
This is it?!
', but in the end you finish the plate and it couldn't be any more perfect.
Served with a great crust and some light nuts and cauliflower to place on top.
Yum.
Sticker shock?
Yep.
Worth the cash?
I think so.

Good food at a good hotel with great service and drinks.
Top 5 favorite restaurants on the strip.

You can't go wrong with anything on the menu here!!!!!
The staff is on top of it!
The drinks are impeccable :) the gum drop martini and the cotton candy martini are amazing!
The bartenders are great!
The chef is the best!
Highly HIGHLY recommend!

I'm not sure why the kind of low rating for this place.
we ordered a bunch of apps.
the lobster tacos (so small, boo), the yellow tail sashimi (ok, they were cut paper thin for such a hefty price), the cauliflower (really yummy), the kale ceaser (super yummy, we ordered another one), the calamari (yumm).
The reason I'm knocking one star off a 5 star review, is because 5 of us ordered the rib eye (delicious), two of us medium and three of us medium rare and by the end of the meal, we were pretty convinced that the two mediums got the medium rares and the one guy who really wanted a medium rare got the medium.
That's a bit of a bummer when you pay big bugs for steak.
But service was attentive, food was quick to come out, taste was on point and I got to try a delicious donut cause it had a b day candle in it for moi!
: )

Great atmosphere.
Great steak,  but I would expect nothing less from bellagio.
Well worth the money for a treat but can't afford it all the time.

I am not sure at all why FIX has such a low rating!
We had a fabulous evening with delicious food and drink- and awesome service from Tommy, our server (as well as the rest of the staff).
We made a reservation for 6:30 pm and were seated immediately.
There were lots of options and LOTS of things that looked delicious!
We ended up choosing the items below:  Kale Caesar Salad-  Delicious!
The kale combined the anchovy dressing dressing made for an interesting take on a classic!
The kale was crisp and fresh, and little squares of cheese and croutons made for a nice start to the evening.
We decided to share- and they even split it for us!
Bone-in Rib-eye- Perfect.
It was medium rare-just as ordered.
Red/Pink on the inside and a nice char on the outside.
Again, Perfect.
I went sans sauce- because I think good meat doesn't need sauce- but the Chimichurri sauce was ordered and I tried it with my steak, and it was quite good.
The steak also had two thin and tasty salt and vinegar chips on top- together they were QUITE delicious!
The only rib-eye I've had better was at Ruths Chris.
Ultimate Very Adult Mac and Cheese- Think Macaroni Mozzarella Stick-esqe with a cheese dipping sauce.
It's not what I was expecting- but was very pleasantly surprised none-the-less.
I love Mac and Cheese- and I LOVED this!!
Steak and Maine Lobster - I did not order this- but I have to say it looked very good.
I tried a bite of the lobster (and I don't really enjoy lobster),and this was quite tasty.
The filet and lobster were both sizable portions as well.
Creamed Spinach - I've had great creamed spinach- and then I had this.
Adding the cheese was an extra oomph that made me not want to stop eating it (we should have got 2!
)  Tiramisu with Blueberries- It was good.
Of all the things that we had- while good, was the least memorable.
I was sold when they said blueberries in Tiramisu, and again was quite good.
I think I would try the Banana Bread Pudding next time (although- I don't remember seeing it on the dessert menu.
)  Donuts- It was my birthday and they surprised me with a warm sugary donuts with dipping sauces.
The apple dipping sauce with the donuts was incredible- would definitely have this again!
I will say- the prices are on the higher side, but we were completely aware and satisfied with what we ordered for the price.
It was a treat- but not someplace that we could eat every night.
We will definitely be back!

On Sunday, 6/15/14, my girlfriend and I decided to hit up the FIX located at the Bellagio for a late night dinner.
Earlier in the day/evening we attended a wedding at the Tropicana.
My girlfriend was actually a bridesmaid.
I didn't get to eat that much cheat food during the day so I was really looking forward to ordering a lot of food at the FIX.
I looked at the menu and checked out the pictures on yelp about two weeks prior to our Vegas trip.
I thought the menu had a lot of good food dishes to choose from.
I honestly thought the FIX was going to be an excellent dining experience but it was everything but that!
Atmosphere/Decor:  My girlfriend and I arrived at Fix around 10:30 pm.
I made a reservation off of opentable which is my go to website for making reservations.
We could here music playing as we walked up to the FIX.
The restaurant had an open feature design.
The lighting was very dim and it reminded me of a club rather than a restaurant.
The FIX had a bar/lounge area to the right of the restaurant.
The hostess section didn't make since to me.
You have to walk up an incline area leading up to the hostess.
Once we were checked in, we were escorted to our table.
As we were walking to our table I noticed a platform step where someone could easily trip over.
One of the waiters even said while pointing at the platform step, "Watch your step.
" I thought the design of the restaurant was just okay.
I get it, it's in Vegas and most of the restaurants have that club/lounge type of atmosphere but there was nothing special about this restaurant.
The dining tables and booths were just average to me.
Food:  Let me start off like this.
The food at the FIX was a huge let down!
I'm actually pretty mad and pissed off because this was the last meal of my cheat day.
I started off with the Bobby Baldwin Burger (kobe sliders, aged cheddar, grilled onions, spiced fries.
) This is FIX'S signature dish.
A lot of people rave about this dish and I had very high expectations for it.
The sliders were mediocre at best.
It honestly didn't taste like high quality kobe beef.
They definitely weren't the best slider/burgers I've eaten.
The sliders didn't have that wow factor and they were way overpriced for almost $30!
The spiced fries were decent tasting.
For my main entree I decided to go with the Crispy Skin Pork Shank (Sweet Corn Spoon Bread, Creamed Collard Greens, Southern Mustard BBQ Sauce) and a side of Ultimate Very Adult Mac & Cheese (with truffle oil & prosciutto).
First off, I'm a huge fan of pork.
I love pork!
I love pork dishes!
This pork shank was horrible and nasty!
The outer layer of the pork shank was way too crispy and inedible!
I know this was a crispy pork shank but I think they went over board on the crispy concept, literally!
Once you get past the outer layer crispy part of the pork shank, there was more of a carnitas textures.
I would of been thrilled if the pork shank tasted like carnitas but it didn't.
The pork didn't taste old but it didn't taste right.
There was something off with the taste of the pork.
The creamed collard greens were whatever.
I had a few bites and that was enough.
The southern mustard BBQ sauce didn't taste like BBQ at all.
It tasted like a strong brown mustard.
The sweet corn spoon bread didn't taste good as well.
Another thing, the pork shank was way overpriced.
I have no problem spending money on good food but spending money on bad food just doesn't make since.
Service:   There were two waiters that waited on us throughout the night.
They were both friendly and polite.
They seemed to like their jobs very much.
There was nothing wrong with the service.
Overall:   If you are visiting Las Vegas or staying at the Bellagio, I would avoid eating at the FIX.
There are hundreds of better restaurant in Vegas.
The FIX is way overpriced and their is nothing special about the restaurant.
I hope they take the Crispy Skin Pork Shank off the menu because it is horrible!
I would of definitely sent the pork shank back but I had a $75 dining credit from the Bellagio so I decided not to.
The FIX needs to seriously "FIX" their menu, recipes and the overall concept of the restaurant.

We liked this place but it wasn't outstanding.
My wife and I both had sliders, one of their specialties, and it was good.
Not great.
We ordered their adult Mac and cheese too.
The waiter commented on how that's what they're known for.
We got our sliders.
But we never got the Mac and cheese.
We were full by the time the waiter checked on us.
I told him to cancel our Mac and cheese order.

The waiters and busboys are fabulous.
Sometimes the hostess can seem like they have disparaging thoughts, but overall FIX is not a let down.
Things I recommend: bone-in ribeye, kobe beef sliders, house salad with grapes and nuts, kobe chili cheese fries, and lobster tacos (be warned- they are so tiny).
This place is one of my go to spots in Vegas.

Boyfriend and I had a wonderful dinner here before catching O.
He got the NY Sirloin and I got the sea bass with creamed spinach and mashed potatoes as our sides.
The sea bass came on a bed of risotto and it was perfectly cooked!
The service was fabulous and we definitely enjoyed our meal and dining experience.

