Located across the parking lot from Maggiano's at FLW and Scottsdale, the recently opened Capital Grille offers the best steaks for the money in North Scottsdale (edging out my previous favorite, Mastro's; The Grille at the TPC may have the best beef, but they're 20% more expensive).
The bar is great, and the dining room is really well done (the ambience is better than at the Capital Grille at the Biltmore).
Try the 20 ounce New York Strip.
Superb wine list.
Ask for Jarrod when you arrive.
Tell him John Maar sent you.

The only reason Capital Grille gets more than 1 star is because of atmosphere.
I've heard mixed reviews from others, so there is a chance you'll have a fine meal.
My birthday dinner here was totally unacceptable... and fortunately they credited almost the whole meal for 5 people.
The steaks were... no exaggeration... Sizzler quality.
Gritty, overcooked, blah--- ick!
To give them the benefit of the doubt, there was probably an inconsistency issue here.
Maybe they got a bad cow!
Whatever the case, for these prices and for them to maintain their chain reputation, this should have never happened.

I don't think Capital Grille is all that...  For the prices, you expect the BEST service, quality, atmosphere, etc.
And the handful of meals I've had at Capital Grille have been fine, but not worth the $$.
Most recently, 4 of us went to celebrate our friend Jack's birthday.
I was impressed to see that they had graffiti on the table and a card for the birthday boy, but I was less impressed with the rest of the meal.
We did enjoy our appetizers (calamari, prosciutto wrapped mozzarella, lobster mac n cheese, fresh oysters on the half shell, and a Caesar salad).
The oysters were actually the highlight of my meal.
I should've just had those with a glass of the Sauv Blanc and called it a day... but instead, we ordered more food!
Each couple split a sirloin (none of us loved it even though the menu describes it saying "You won't find a more flavorful steak.
")  We also had a side of corn and a side of mushrooms...
I guess we did have a lot of food!
On top of that, the birthday boy chose 2 desserts for the table: the strawberry cheesecake and the keylime pie.
We didn't even make a dent in either as they were nothing to write home about... and the waiter brought a candle out after the fact.
So, $300 later, we walked out the door saying how much fun we had with our friends but that Capital Grille, sadly, is quite overrated.
At least the dogs will have some leftover steak for the next few days, but I won't rush back to Capital Grille anytime soon, especially if I have to pay!

This place is a little pricey but for a special occasion this place is great.
I love the pineapple martinis and the porcini delmonico.
Delicious!
I like the ambience too!

Worth every penny.
Best steak I've ever had.
I had the Kona sirloin and my boyfriend had the fillet and we were both in heaven.
Steaks were perfectly cooked and seasoned.
They melted in our mouths.
Be prepared to spend about $40/steak.
We shared the mashed potatoes and they were so creamy.
The Caesar salads were ok.
The wine list was a little overwhelming (well for us) but our waiter made some great suggestions.
For dessert I had the flour-less chocolate cake, which was rich and my boyfriend had strawberries and ice cream (forget what it's called the Capital Grille or something like that) which was so good.

I love Capital Grille, I don't know how there is even one bad review.
I have eaten here several times.
I have always had excellent service and food.
I love the shrimp cocktail, Calamari, and stuffed mushroom apps.
The steak salad is great and the filet melts in your mouth.
I tried the coconut cream pie and fell in love, it is amazing!
It is pricey but so worth it.
We usually go here for very special occasions.

FIVE STARS FOR FAKERS.
Pretentious "And for the gentleman...?
" crap.
Poor preparation, poor execution.
No discipline.
Be sure to include your taxidermy viewing preference in your reservation.
FOOD --FANTASTIC wine list covers two facing 11x17 pages.
Only redeeming quality; --some ingredients are spot on, but their preparation is little better than home town buffet.
Kitchen needs a kick in the pants; --Steak Oscar with squash and zucchini.
Asparagus Costco-style: huge, totally bland and almost raw.
Squash was the same: "tarragon butter" = Imperial Margarine.
--8 oz filet mignon "rare" came mostly medium rare... hard to get it wrong when it's that small.
--Crab and Lobster bits were good, but lacked preparation as if they were thrown at the dish.
Fennel was a poor choice for seasoning.
--creme brulee was barely brulee, creme was like cheese, it was that firm.
fresh berries were nice, but I can get those from AJ's too!
Come on!
--presentation is _always_ off.
How much am I paying for this again?
expediter should be FIRED (pun intended).
--an 8-top is the hardest to get the kitchen timing right.
ours was all wrong (my rare filet was almost cold).
REALLY GETTING PISSY --I hate restaurants who can't design a menu layout.
what's with the 24x36" poster boards?
--most staff are speaking the etiquette, but their actions and the details are missing (see below);  SERVICE DETAIL --I don't want to know our server's name, and I especially don't want his business card placed in front of me before I leave.
(Ooh, maybe I should have looked at the back side of it.
Whoops.
) --Enough with the "and for the gentleman".
After the third time I wanted to say, "The gentleman would like you to stop addressing him like that," in response.
Stop!
--some of us ordered sparkling water and received our Pelegrino, but then the water boy filled all of our glasses with tap anyway.
Ding.
--poor quality linen.
Maitre'D changed white napkins to black for dark-slackened colleagues, but they are starched and still smell of the dishrags they were washed with.
--server/sommelier should _not_ hold a folded black napkin to the side of a wine glass as he pours.
WHERE DID THAT COME FROM?
--many servers wore waistcoats (vests) over white aprons, but the vests were unbuttoned.
Poor form!
(all that's missing is the flair) And the aprons were mostly filthy -- what are they, cooks, too?
AMBIANCE --marched me between ridiculous faux copper lions and among the worst copy of Frank Lloyd Wright-style block pillars I have ever seen.
You should be ashamed of yourselves!
--WHY would I want to have a 15-foot painting of Barry Goldwater glaring down at me?
I don't.
--I also can't stand mounted dead animals' heads.
It's a deal breaker.
OTHER --Ha!
HA!
The '96 Chateau Lafitte Rothschild is retailing here for $950.
I got mine at $110 each.
NICE!
--glassware is correct, excellent choices.
always presented the correct glass for the correct beverage.
--our table was right next to the kitchen, so I got to listen in on the cooks' complaints and vacation plans in Spanish.
not so much.
--food runners almost collided as they rushed across the dining room; maybe that's why their aprons are so dirty.
Just forget it.
CERTAINLY not worth the $$$$ ($100pp)

I feel bad giving this place such a low rating when one of my good friends fiance used to work here.
We went for my birthday and it was subpar.
The cut of steak was nice, the ambiance was nice,  the server was nice, but the food did not meet my standards.
When I am paying $40 for a steak, I want a $40 steak.
I have had better for $5.99 steak in Las Vegas.
I will not be dining here again because I am not getting my money's worth.
On a side note, the bartender Tatum was a joke.
No personality, no help what so ever.
When we asked for a recommendation on a glass of wine, she said "I don't know"  She took a while to greet us at the bar and it was not crowded.
I guess polishing glasses is more important.
Isn't the bar where the customer get's their first impression?

Had the BEST wine tasting experince in my life.
(and i've had QUITE a few).
This was experienced in their swanky bar area, in a sexy booth.
Oscar, you were BEYOND your beck and call.
Seriously, you were amazing, informative, helpful, professional, the whole package deal.
Your Service Was Impecable.
So, we had about 12 wines to choose from, 1/2 from Napa, 1/2 from South Africa.
And we are NOT talking 1oz pours here, they were given in beautiful, large crystal goblets.
(I so hate little wine glass which sell for 25 cents).
(and yes, we had them ALL :-)  These were free poured, let me tell you!
And they gave a great little booklet of the wine, year, description to keep and log your tasting notes.
Hubby and I played hookie on this beautful Thursday afternoon, and it was divine.
I sure hope they have this even again, cuz i am so THERE.
Oh, i guess i should mention we did have some food - haha - the crispy roasted half chicky was YUM, and so were the truffle fries - omg.

Great steaks, perfectly executed side dishes, exceptional "steakhouse" wine list, meaning lots of full bodied choices, all the names that some diners seem married to and just enough obscure stuff to satisfy those who prefer smaller vineyards.
For a chain, they've also done an amazing job of giving the place a local feel.
Wine lockers with name plaques at the entrance, walls adorned with portraits of Arizona figures and a bit of Western Chic decor all help to set it apart from locations in other cities.
Oh, and their lunch menu is reasonably priced and packed with great stuff.
Solid place.

I am a steakhouse regular.
It is the only food I really like and so I know what to expect for what kind of money.
This place is not worth the money.
I am not saying they are over priced...the area, the clientele and the overall perception of the place warrants a higher priced dining experience...what I am saying is Capital Grille does not belong in this arena.
The visit was disappointing at best.
My husband and I showed 15 minutes early and got seated quickly...good!
We ordered a drink and when they arrived ordered app.
's and entree's at the same time.
We had some bread with our drinks while waiting for app.
's...the table got "crumby" and you would expect that in this type of restaurant they would pull out their handy-dandy table scrappers...nope...I just kept sweeping it to the egde...whatever!
As a matter if fact, no one attempted to clear glasses, plates...I had to make eye contact with them and kind of "offer" to give them what I wanted off the table...HORRIBLE!!!
So, the app.
's arrive and they are sub standard...I ordered a capese like app.
(Beefsteak Tomato -Mozzarella cheese- Basil)..the point is the Tomato...they're the point of the dish...they were Green and not even close to ripe..ok...whatever...I eat around it basically.
My husband had Oysters...no crackers and had to beg for Tabasco...ok...we move forward...1 full hour went by before our server finally said they were having trouble in the kitchen...could they buy us a drink to tide us over.
I said no but only because we were headed for drinks afterwards and I really didn't want to end up wasted.
5 minutes later...he shows with drinks and says they are compliments of the manager as they know we have been waiting.
At this point my husband and I are not off the wall pissed but we're getting tired of sitting there and are hungry to boot...now add more alcohol.....DISASTER!
So, food finally arrives..I ordered the filet medium well...came Red...didn't bother to send it back...ate half and called it a day.
My husband ordered the Ribeye...it was just plain fat.
Now, it is a steak that needs fat to taste as good as it does...but this, again, was sub standard.
He had to cut awat 1/2 of it to get to decent meat!
Here comes the kicker...  We pay our bill and get out of there (no manager ever came to the table to apologize for the crap visit)...  We go to the bar that we were meeting people at and my husband starts to feel "funky" and not in a good way!!
He was telling the people in our party about Capital Grille when one of them says.
"I should have called Health and Sanitation on them last time I was there...I got food poisioning from my dinner".
That was it...!!
We ended up leaving and going home where my husband proceeded to get sick...ALL NIGHT LONG!!!
Horrible visit ...terribly disappointing...and obviously charging way too much money for sub standard food...!
It was like a bait and switch with out the actual advertising how high end the meat is...its assumed that its higher end at $40-$50 a piece...well not by me.
DONE!
Wouldn't go back here for FREE!!!!!
We have always been fans of Mastro's Steakhouse and only went here because someone gave us a gift certificate...WE"RE STICKING WITH MASTRO'S...You get what you pay for there and EVERYTHING IS A PLUS-TOP OF THE LINE!

I have been to Captial Grille quite a few times.
This time we went for my brother's birthday.
I was disappointed when he chose Capital Grille over City Hall, but whatever.
First, I will say that hostesses are very friendly.
I do like when you go for a birthday they decorate the table and give the birthday person a nice card.
For what it is worth, it is a nice addition.
My complaint is more with the waiter.
The waiter comes over and the first thing he asked is what can he get us to drink.
Well, no one wanted any alcohol, so we order pellegrino and diet coke.
Well that was enough for the waiter to change his attitude and start being rude.
I have noticed this is a regular response by waiters at more expensive restaurants.
It is like what the heck do they care.
Next, the people were with are not big fish or shell fish eaters, so none of the appetizers were going to work for the table, which is fine because we are there for the steak.
We order salads and our steaks.
Well maybe times have changed, but the salads were small.
I swear they use to be big enough to share, not anymore.
When we went to order the sides, again the waiter gave me a WTF look.
They have lobster mac and cheese.
Last time we were at Capitol Grille, they very happily served the lobster on the side.
Well this time, again there were people in the party that wanted mac and cheese but not fans of lobster, so I ask to have it seperated.
He was liked appalled that I would ask such a thing.
Again what does it matter to him.
Everyone enjoyed their steaks.
Good quality, but I believe a little over priced.
Also, I just have to say what RECESSION??
THis place was packed and at $45 a pop for a steak, come on!

For service, we give Capital Grille an A+.
From the greeter to the servers to management, we are always impressed with their commitment to making our experience memorable.
Unfortunately, we are not huge fans of the food.
No matter how we order, the steaks always come out badly charred.
The desserts are fantastic.

::slurp slurp::  Deliciousness.
Even if you never have the food here, the pineapple Stoli martini is indescribable.
Hence, my description: slurp slurp.
That's all one could hear.
Ahhhh...  On a serious note, the Stoli Vodka is infused for weeks with pineapple, then iced, and...voila....the Pineapple Stoli Martini is ready.
Sometimes, simplicity makes for the best cocktails.
Sure you can jump through hoops and do a backflip (which would be entertaining), but it doesn't mean it is worth it for me to test my taste buds.
The food here is awesome as well.
We had the truffle fries, clam chowder, chopped salad and the crab and lobster cakes.
All were delicious!
A little less delicious?
The prices.
BUT...that is to be expected with some places, the Capital Grille being one of them.
The service was outstanding.
It better be!
My meal of choice at the Capital Grille: two Pineapple Stoli Martinis and their bread.
Sold and done.
Next, please roll me outside, chauffeur me home and tuck me in!
Thanks.

Another fiver.
I'm either too damn generous or I just don't go to enough dumps.
Either way, suits me.
We started off with oysters on the half shell.
I don't know what compels people to eat snot, horseradish and oil on a half shell, but, they do.
I just simply don't get it.
Nothing like going to a steakhouse to get fish.
I selected a delicious filet of halibut atop a sick good (albeit small) portion of spaetzel.
I was with a rather large group, who almost universally, ordered filets.
(They) had a few bottles of a recommended red wine with their steaks, and we all shared lobster mac & cheese, some green stuff, and braised mushrooms.
I finished it off with a girly single espresso (with lemon peel) and the coconut cream pie.
Awesome.
What a great environment, excellent service and ridiculous food.
For a chain restaurant, I have to say, this one's creme de le creme...
It was amazing food, good atmosphere, and surprisingly inexpensive.
The bar tab was easily 1/2 of the bill, and with a party of 6, was still just a little more than $100 a person.
When in Scottsdale, turn left at the golf course (that's a joke... there's 12 trillion golf courses here) and find this place.
It's good.

Went to The Capital Grille the other night to take advantage of their restaurant week menu.
Food was great.
There were four in our party.
Three people had the Kona crusted bone in Sirloin.
Other party member had the 8 oz.
filet.
All the steaks were cooked to the desired temperature.
Side dishes were mushrooms and creamed spinach.
Could have been a little hotter.
The starters included french onion soup, Caesar salad and field greens/herb salad.
Everthing was fine there.
Onion soup was not too salty as can happen in some restaurants.
Desserts were flourless espresso chocolate cake, and homemade vanilla ice cream with berries.
Best ice cream we've ever had.
Hostesses at front desk were a little scattered and we had to wait a while for our table even though we had a reservation.
Service was fine.
Overall a good experience.
It's great to take advantage of this place during restaurant week as just the Kona crusted sirloin alone is $41.00 off the regular menu.

Capital Grille is decent but I am not sure I will be back anytime soon.
I was there for a company holiday party recently and although everyone was very nice, something seemed to be just a little off.
We were all ushered into a room where we had a few pre-dinner appetizers and drinks.
The tomato bruschetta kept falling apart every time someone tried to pick it up, so needless to say it made quite a mess.
The room was a little small for all of us and it got hot pretty fast.
Looking back, we probably should have stayed in the bar area because it would have been a little bit more room to move around it.
The dinner choices were decent and I must say that the calamari was one of my favorite apps.
The green salad was really good, along with the lobster mac and cheese, the brussel sprouts and the mash potatoes.
I was very disappointed in my filet mignon because although it came out cooked perfectly, it tasted as it someone had dipped it in salt and seared it and then dipped it back in salt again.
Yes that salty.
I ate one bite and wanted to spit it out but I managed to down it along with a huge glass of water.
I didn't ask for another steak as I probably should but I didn't see our waiter again until they were coming to take our plates.
I did eat alot of brussel sprouts that night so it was not all bad.
The flourless chocolate espresso cake was not as good as I thought it was going to be.
I had one bite and shoved that to the side because it was just eh.
I was very happy that I had also ordered the creme brulee for our "guest" that never showed because that was delicious.
All in all it was just ok. Like I said, I am not sure I will be back anytime soon but we will see.
Special note: Shouts out to Christian for the great wine recommendations, Jose and Damian.
There was another young lady that also took care of us but alas I never got her name.

*Caveat: lunch review!
This place is so fancy the Diet Coke comes in little glass bottles.
I think the poor waiter brought me about 5 of them over the lunch.
I sure hope they recycle--if not I'm going back and dropping this to 3 stars.
Great place for a business lunch with a wide selection of salads, sandwiches, and burgers.
You could of course go all out on the steak, but this has always seemed a bit heavy for me over lunch and I'm basically T-Rex when it comes to steak.
I had the lobster and crab burger and it was excellent.
Impeccable service and attention to detail, would definitely do lunch again.
Quiet enough to talk without raising your voice.
Not sure if it would be worth a dinner trip, as there is nothing unique here--typical formula for a steak house that you can find all over the Valley/US of A/World.
If you're in the area though it's a nice place with a menu that will please most diners.

MMM.
The Captial Grill, this is a place you know what to expect.
Excellent steak and sides, some good appetizers and really good service.
On my last visit, We ordered the Filet au Poivre, cream spinach, au gratin potatoes, crab and lobster cakes, lobster bisque and creme brulee.
Everything was prepared perfectly.
The steaks were cooked spot on, the sides couldnt have been tastier.
The peppercorns on the au poivre were so good, toasted well and just complement the filet nicely.
I definitely recomend this place if your looking for a nice upscale place for dinner with really good steaks.

Had a New Years Eve dinner with my girlfriend last night and we had an excellent dinner.
Started off with the lobster/crab cake and it was very delicious, definitely would get again.
For the main course I had the Filet Mignon which was delicious as well, but not the best steak I have ever had.
Our side dishes were the mac and cheese (phenomenal!
), creamed spinach (excellent!
), and potatoes au gratin (Sensational!
)  After the meal we were so full we skipped dessert.
The decor is nice inside.
A little stuffy, but nice.
We had an 8:30pm reservation and when they called to confirm the registration they said it was 8pm (I know for sure it was set for 8:30pm).
The caller seemed a little surprised/annoyed to hear of the mistake, but stated she would make sure it worked at 8:30pm.
When we arrived at 8:30pm they had us wait until about 8:45pm.
Not really a big deal though.
Overall, I definitely recommend The Capital Grille!

This was my first time hear, had no idea what to order, so I asked the waitress.
I went with all her recommendations and it couldn't have been better.
Started off with the "wedge" salad, which I have never been a fan of wedge salads, but I ate every last bit.
The bacon and blue cheese dressing were enough to make me want to like my plate clean.
Then had the Porcini Rubbed Delmonico with 12-year aged Balsamic and the mac and cheese.
If you go you HAVE to have the Mac and Cheese with Lobster, it is to die for!
My boyfriend kept raving about it, and to be honest I didn't really believe him.
Not until I took that first bite, I was done for!
All the flavors just melt in your mount and bland into this amazing deliciousness, really it's that good.

I've had the opportunity to dine in many steakhouses over my 35 years in sales, traveling nationally.
This place is very nice to look at and has attentive and professional staff.
The appetizers,salads,deserts were wonderful.The problem is, the steaks are really not very good.
It's like seeing the understudy at a Broadway show.
Yeah you get the message, but not the show as originally intended.
The meat is so overtrimmed that it's as if it was manufactured not cut from a real once living creature.
Maybe try the numerous fish offerings or other cuts of meat, but the steak-ugh.

Several visits ..All aspects top rate..Wine, appetizers,sides ..Steak tooo salty on most occasions..One so salty almost unable to eat, but took home to save in stew but still so salty just threw out ..Will avoid steak here as Lobster etc good..

When its time for a special lunch or dinner, this is our restaurant.
It has never disappointed, their attention to details being second to none.
Pricey?
Yes, but worth every sumptuous mouthful.
I only have one small complaint.
It seems ironic that a restaurant that puts so much emphasis on all the small details would willfully  disregard having a basic dress code.
I presume this is in favor of just accepting Scottsdale-eccentrics as poorly dressed so long as they have a Lamborghini in the Valet area or a  gold Rolex.
I'm not stuffy nor do I purport to be.
On the contrary, I have a healthy respect for any business that goes out of its way to please its customers and in this case, make my dining experience superb.
So its hard for me to reconcile this attention to detail with an under-dressed (jeans and a t-shirt adorned with some rude saying) sloppy looking patron in the lounge.
For me, it was a question of "what's wrong with this picture?
" Ambiance, a beautiful bar area, fine furnishings, staff dressed to the nines, and amidst it all, a sloppy looking man sitting at the bar, who, twice during the course of my lunch frequented the men's room (displaying his rude t-shirt for all to see).
I realize its tough to walk away from potential revenues, but really, c'mon guys.
Theres no such thing as being half pregnant, either youre a classy joint or youre not.

While I know most people think of a steak house when they go to the capital Grille.
I like to think of It as one of the best French onion soups I have ever had.
I am a French onion soup snob.
The best thing about Cap Grille is the way they treat you at all of their restaurants.
Just moving here from Washington DC this capital grille makes me feel right back at home!
I love it!

I have been to the Capital Grille numerous times before.
This past time was OK, and with so many choices in Scottsdale to eat at, this may be my last time as a result.
My wife and I decided to go up there as a result of AZ Restaurant Week, as Cap Grille was participating, so it was a great excuse to get out of the house on a week night.
They had, like most places a preset menu that had a few choices at a more than usually reasonable price.
The food was very good.
No complaints there, but the service was very average or below average.
The time between the end of my steak and dessert was 45 minutes... truly.
Our server was hardly around after the beginning of the meal, and the table across from us was having the same issues.
It was a busy night, so I get that.
However, they are always adequately staffed to handle the dinner crowd, so this was pretty surprising.
My impression was, that because my wife and I were there for the Restaurant Week special, we got a toned down version of their normally impeccable service...

Did you know that the Capital Grill is doing their Generous Pour for the summer?
Me either!!
I found out quickly enough though!
So first let me say - I was lucky enough to be seated in the section of the most amazing waitress I have had the pleasure of dining with in many years!
Her name is Sharon - and if you are making a reservation - I would ask for her - because she turned a mediocre night for me into an Outstanding night.
Her personality and passion for what she does shines in every word she uses.
I was intrigued and in awe from the first second!!
We ordered the wines - yes ALL of them!
We drank well over our fair  share - and loved every second.
Let me describe dessert - Coconut Cream Pie - OH MY!!!
Dreamy, decadent and a perfect ending to my feast.
I started with Beef Carpaccio - which was perfect.
The simplicity of this dish was amazing.
Then I had the Swordfish - which was prepared perfectly.
Most restaurants tend to over do this dish - but Capital Grill nailed it!
After all of my indulging, I was leaving and could not help but tell everyone, including Sharon what a treat she was.
The funny part is - she actually took the time to send me a thank you card in the mail.
When was the last time anyone took that kind of time, in today's world?
I can't wait to go back and see Sharon again and of course have yummy food!!

The Capital Grille...I've eaten at the ones in Chicago and Las Vegas, but there was just something about this one that I didn't care for.
Seems like their selection has gone down possibly?
I'm definitely a steak eater and have no problem spending that much money (they seem to be pricier that I remember--and they are a chain, none the less) on one, but that particular night I didn't really have a taste for a steak...or chicken or fish...Unfortunately those were the only options beside salad.
Would I eat there again?
Probably not.
There are so many other restaurant options in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, I would suggest going elsewhere--unless you enjoy ordering a sub par steak from a small menu.

We dined here againg during the recent restaurant week offering.
We basically ordered everything stated in my past review.
However, the portions this time were definitely smaller than the previous visit.
Still good though.
My steak was undercooked and had to send it back.
The server was polite and overall the food was good.
I ordered a margarita for my cocktail and it was fantastic.
This place is just very expensive so, in my opinion, should be reserved for a special occasion.

Why would I go to a restaurant and hope for the worst?
Because I'm a snob and as a snob I was convinced that The Capital Grille would fall short of my extremely high expectations.
Not so.
Bread basket: Outstanding onion bread, a pumpernickel/golden raisin bread, and some crisp cracker bread.
Nice all around.
Extensive wines by the bottle with some great values to be had.
I did not check by the glass.
Our wine was decanted artfully at our table and the staff had a ready knowledge of the vineyard and year we had selected.
Husband had:  Oysters -  Blue point tonight, small this time of year so no big surprise there, well prepared and delicious.
Lamb chop - Perfectly flavored and cooked, Frenched, the definition of how to prepare and cook a lamb chop perfectly.
Potato Au Gratin - Typical steakhouse Au gratin.
Excellent flavor, huge portion, guaranteed to please a crowd (or anyone that loves a delicious cheesy crusted potato).
I had:  Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella - You can't imagine how good this is....a lovely thin slice of prosciutto cooked to crisp perfection wrapped around a fresh piece of mozzarella cheese, with just the right amount of melt but not escaping the prosciutto shell.
A parmesan toast and tomato salad round this out.
You might as well as shaved gold on the side.
Sliced filet - I'm not going to go into detail, just know that the answer is YES!
(Is it fantastic?
Is it cooked to perfection?
Is the flavor wonderful?
Is it a great cut?
)  Asparagus with Hollendaise - Awesome stuff.
Nice to have a great hollendaise that I didn't have to prepare.
Service - Our server was so outstanding I'm going to contact the manager at this location.
Atmosphere - We had a corner table that gave us great privacy.
We could not hear our neighbors.

Stopped in for a birthday lunch because it was the only "high class" restaurant that was open for lunch.
I had the filet and it would have been fine if they had not put the steak on top of a Nasty beef broth.
I had asparegus which seemed undercooked.
The schrimp cocktail was descent and the creme brûlée was also descent.
This place is no where close to Durnats or Ruth Chris.
Definitely not worth the $70 including tip.

Our daughter made a reservation at The Capital Grille N Scottsdale to celebrate our 25th Anniversary and it also happened to be Restaurant Week.
When we arrived and were seated we were pleasantly surprised with a decorated table with confetti hearts and rose petals and a good wishes card.
The server Gina was so friendly and gave us great service, we decided to order from the set menu for the restaurant week and the food was excellent, the french onion soup was hot and delicious, the filet mignon was cooked as I ordered and very tendered as the cream of spinach and mashed potatos had good flavor.
The drinks were also well made.
All in all they gave us a great anniversary experience and we will return for another one.

I've only gone to the Capital Grille for work-sponsored lunches and dinners so it's easier for me to rank it higher since cost isn't really an issue.
If I had to pay for it myself, it would end up as a more special occasion or i-need-a-pick-me-up-lunch type of place.
I really like the Capital Grille because even though the focus is on higher end meat and seafood, the vegetarian options are particularly good which is hard to come by at most restaurants in the same category.
The Cobb salad (you can get vegetarian) is great because it's big, filling, and fresh.
The veggie plate you can special order is a perfect entree, and though it's basically just a combination of all the side veggie dishes I think the sum is definitely greater than the parts.
There are buttery roasted mushrooms covered in garlic & rosemary & thyme, grilled asparagus, sauteed spinach, and roasted tomatoes that add a wonderful sweetness and acidity to the dish.

Life as I know it will never be the same.
This was my thought the first time I tried the decadent luxury known as Lobster Mac n Cheese at the Capital Grille.
It is really that good.
I could visit there and just order that - that is, if If the rest of the menu wasn't so fantastic.
Each and every item I have tried has been great - among my favorites have been:  - French Onion Soup - this is a HUGE portion, with just the right amount of cheese blanketed over the top.
- Lobster Bisque - um, it has Lobster in it!
What else can I say!?
- Wedge Salad - the Applewood Smoked Bacon really makes this stand out  - Filet Mignon - I am really picky about how my filet is prepared (between Medium and Medium Rare) and they get it right each and every time.
- Lobster Mac ' Cheese - you really need to try this for yourself.
The portion of lobster is generous - not little wimpy pieces, but large chunks of succulent meat, including claws!
Want to really go over the top?
Order a 1/2 or full pound of crab legs for the table to go with your meal!
They are served shelled, so all you have to do is enjoy.
The service has been attentive without being overwhelming, which is nice.
Also, the wine list is impressive, with choices in a variety of price points.
Is this the most budget-friendly meal you will ever have?
No.
Will you be insanely happy you treated yourself to a wonderful experience?
Absolutely!

I hate giving bad reviews, but this place failed from beginning to end in the dining room.
Our food was so rushed and served warm at best.
For example to me the French Onion soup was pre-made with its gooy cheese and probably sat on a warming tray until served.
I mean seriously how do you order this for 5 people at your table and it all came out in 7min flat!
Not to mention that is was only luke warm and had no flavor.
Salads were overdressed and limp.
Steaks were flavorless...need I more?
I've been to several other Capital Grille's across the country and they have all be quite good, however this one needs some serious help.
On the plus side the bar and bartenders supplied excellent service and the bartenders made the perfect martini!

One of the best meals of my life.
Appetizer of oysters and a glass of cabernet.
Kona coffee rubbed steak, cooked perfectly, with a side of lobster mac and cheese and creamed spinach.
Finished with another glass of cabernet and a flourless chocolate espresso cake.
It gets no better.

This is no Morton's.
Don't even compare it.
This is a thousand times better than the Morton's in Scottsdale.
With that being said, I want to commend the staff firstly on truly outstanding service from beginning to end.
They were polite, timely with the food and on point.
Our compliments to the chef.
We had the filets, which were cooked to perfection.
However, the meat did not have the excellent taste that we expected.
We had mashed potatoes (very tasty) and green beans.
The salads were generous and fresh.
We had flourless chocolate cake which was amazing.
I can't find fault with this meal other than the fact that we didn't find the taste of the filets to be as flavorful  as this type of restaurant should offer.
My compliments to the wait staff who gave us such great service.

I would find it hard not to give The Capital Grille Five Stars, since they try so hard with their service.
But it becomes so much easier when the food is delicious.
North Scottsdale is not at a loss for good steak places.
Morton's is down the street in Kierland Commons and I haven't even begun thinking about the various incarnations of Mastro's in the area.
The list goes on.
I arrived at about five fifteen on a Thursday night and had my choice of either sitting in the bar area, or in the formal restaurant.
I chose the bar since I spotted a Toronto-Philly game on the TV and I was by myself.
The bar area is separated by a small divider and has seating for about two dozen or so.
Given all the wood you would think it would be noisy, but it isn't.
The Capital Grille has that old Union League Club feel to it.
My choice turned into a good one.
While I was enjoying their flavorful Carpaccio (a drizzling of oil and lemon over the arugula and Wagyu beef) someone was seated at the table next to me.
My neighbor had just come from a round of golf and was also dining stag, since it was girl's night out for his wife.
He ordered the Cedar Plank Salmon with a side of mushrooms and I the 22 oz.
Delmonico Steak (bone-in Rib Eye).
Most of their steaks are in the $41-42 price range, I believe the chicken is $37-ish.
This is inline with most other steakhouses.
And, as with most steak places, the entree didn't come with any sides.
Steak places usually price the sides in the $7.00 to $10.00 range.
At The Capital Grille the sides are all $10.00.
The choices range from several different kinds of spinach or potatoes, along with some interesting items like Lobster Mac 'n Cheese and Creamed Corn with Bacon.
I decided to keep it simple and went with just the steak.
If you grill at home, you know you can marinate your meat or use a dry rub of some kind.
From my years in Chicago, I've become a big fan of the various rubs.
Overnight seems to produce the best results.
Here the rub is applied and cooked over a hot grill.
This method allows for the searing in of the outer part of the meat thus keeping in the flavor.
Weber Grill on State Street does the same thing.
I ordered my meat medium, which means medium rare everywhere else.
After finishing my carpaccio, the wait was about ten minutes or so.
I just love it!
Just as you start thinking of your meal, the wait staff appears with your steak knife, and you think...  it won't be long now.
It's almost Pavlovian!
Well, the Delmonico steak arrived and it didn't disappoint.
It was huge and seemed larger then the advertised 22 oz.
There was a little au jus on the plate.
They didn't offer any steak sauce and I didn't ask.
The meat was cooked to order and I used the au jus for dipping.
It was delicious.
Was it the best I ever had?
Well I would say it's was up there.
Maybe not Gene & Georgetti and Peter Luger-ish, but it was good!
My neighbor offered me a taste of his Salmon, I reluctantly offered him some of my steak.
The salmon was moist and not dry.
I'm normally not a big fresh water salmon fan.
I much prefer the salt water steelhead.
But his was good, too.
The damage came to $69 or so, before tip.
The service was impeccable and the Chef came around and visited us during our meal.
I had a nice conversation with him and found that he had started  with The Capital Grille in Denver and was with them for over ten years.
Nice touch!
BTW, The Capital Grille has just started offering a fixed $15.00 lunch menu.
So, I will be back.
Enjoy!

NOT THAT SPECIAL  for the insane prices I expected  insanely good food but no it was only OK, my husband's steak was  was just that and when they prepare it with peppercorn it is way overpowering  all you can taste is the pepper no meat, My  "freshest sea food in AZ"  was a little dry.
all in all it was fine but not for the price we definitely  wont be going back

Over hyped and over priced.
One expects to pay through the nose, but one expects much better food.
The steak is excellent, but the lobster -- both as a lobster bisque and as a salad -- leaves much to be desired.
The bisque was way too floury; the salad was tasteless.
We doubt we'll return.

I am not sure that this is going to be the review of the lifetime about the Captial Grille...but here it goes!
I went there with a couple of friends a month ago...I was worried because I was low on funds and I knew that the Capital Grille is quite pricey.
We were seated right away (we did have a reservation) and we sat at the smoking patio.
(I am not a smoker, but my friend is.
It's nice to know that there are places that still offer this though.
I am not anti-smoking in restaurants)  I order one of their specialty drinks (my first mistake when trying to watch funds) and asked for the vodka to be Belvedere (My 2nd mistake)  i saw their menu and I order the lobster bisque and the chopped salad.
(2 very wise choices because prices weren't too bad and they were both very tasty)  I did look over with envy to see my friends sea bass....sigh....  After ordering my 2nd drink (third mistake) we were ready to go.
Service wasn't the best (they were more worried about the big party that was going to be seated next to us) but the food was really good.
And if I didn't order those drinks....I wouldn't have been depressed the next day that I didn't have any money left.

First visit to Capital Grille to celebrate our anniversary.
We had a reservation and they had decorated the table in honor of our occasion.
Service was excellent in spite of our main waiter also serving a large party nearby at the same time.
Our meals were so-so - enjoyed crispy bacon on the spinach salad & wedge salad had same bacon (we could have easily shared 1 salad based on large portion size), porterhouse steak was unfortunately overcooked, taste was good but not great (as you might expect great based on price), citrus glazed salmon was ok although too much glaze swimming on the plate for my taste.
The side items were the highlights for us - the au gratin potatoes (AMAZING!
) and the brown bread from the bread basket.
Our dinner with 2 salads, 2 entrees, 1 side, soda & 1 glass of wine came to $136.
No room for dessert but the waiter insisted on us taking home something so he brought out a flourless chocolate cake to go (complimentary for our celebration?).
We ate that tonite and it was very good even 1 day later.
There are probably a dozen other places to go for a good steak at similiar prices.
This was a splurge and not something we do often.
Captial Grille didn't knock my socks off but then neither has many of the other comparable places we've tried.
I'm glad to have had this experience but don't expect to be back anytime soon.

Capital Grille has delectable food, outstanding but unobtrusive service and a warm, welcoming décor.
It is one of our favorite restaurants, except that the sides are too large and there are no "lighter" entrees offered.
They replaced their whole roasted chicken (a hugh meal) with a Chicken Breast Confit, but there are two breasts (again too much food).
Since they do not offer smaller/lighter meal and side's options, we do not dine there as much as we would like.
On our visit this week my husband and I split a Caesar salad (very good) and a side of fries (also delicious but way too many fries).
My husband had the six ounce filet (not on the menu but you can request it) and I had the shrimp cocktail as my entrée.
Both were outstanding and just the right size.
The wine list is varied with fair prices.

The staff is five stars all the way.
Great rib eye steak with different types of rubs including coffee rub or a porcini mushroom and balsamic.
Beautiful restaurant and extensive wine list...
I had a pineapple infused martini which was sweet and smooth you could barley taste the Stoli Vodka.
If you get a chance request Jamie for a server and you won't be disappointed.

Debated a while between 4-5 stars.
Went on a weeknight for a business diner.
There was 3 of us, we ordered the shrimp cocktail and all had wedge salads that were very good.
I had the Delmonaco bone in ribeye, and they both had filet.
It was a good steak but  $45 seems a bit much for a steak with nothing else.
We also had asparagus and au gratin potatoes - the potatoes were just OK - I like mine more cheezy and these were very creamy with bread crumbs on top that I didn't really care for.
The service was outstanding.
We all had a few drinks - bonus that they have Dogfish Head IPA and I'm sure the bill was over $300 but luckily for me, I didn't have to pay.

Why offer reservations if you can't seat a party within 30 minutes of their reservation time?
At least the group that complained ahead of us was offered drinks.
All we got was, "Are you sure?
It shouldn't be but another 5 or so minutes.
"  (We had offered to sit outside, and there were a LOT of empty tables outside..shorthanded on a Saturday night?
)    Fortunately, Inca's Peruvian restaurant in the same center saved the day (love the Lomo Saltado!

A delicious splurge.
Went for restaurant week and I think I'm going to be going back every year for the restaurant week menu.
My husband and I both got the kona crusted dry-aged ribeye....my mouth is watering just thinking about it.
Pro's: Superb service Mouth watering steaks and food Attention to detail  Cons: Price - but typical for a gourmet steak house They really lay-on the wine suggestions, even after you decline  If you haven't gone, I think it is one of the BEST places on the list for Restaurant Week.
At least go then - it's basically 50% off the normal price.
Great time to try it out if you are unsure.

Steak is great!

I'm sure most people don't go to a fancy steak restaurant for the Mac 'n cheese, but as a mac aficionado, it's practically my duty.
And the mac here, well it's high quality.
I like to order the lobster mac sans lobster (not a big fan of seafood), which without the seafood, is actually quite inexpensive.
Now be warned, this is real heavy mac 'n cheese.
It's so cheesy, and thick, and delicious; don't plan on being able to wiggle out of your booth any time soon after eating it.

The service is always wonderful and the filet mignon is a favorite of mine.
Don't miss the great mashed potatoes.
This is our go to place for great food, impeccable service and great ambiance.

I just don't get it?
I eat at 4* steakhouses all the time and this one missed every where.
The ingredients were good but not cooked properly.
Not even close.
How do you deliver a 4 oz Filet raw?
It would be over cooked on my grill in 8 minutes!
I pointed out the problems immediately but they just didn't listen.
The manager stopped by and I indicated it was a C- at best halfway through the meal.
She didn't seem to care and vanished for about 30 minutes.
When she came back Everything she said made my son celebrating his birthday and I feel worse.
I have never run into such abrasive management.
I understand things go wrong and that's OK.
Step up, show you care and make it better.
At least try?
When the manager returned she saw we had eaten less than half the meal and passed on desert.???
We were celebrating a birthday?
Who doesn't have desert?
Then she asked how things were and I said not good.
That we came expecting a great meal and it wasn't right.
She asked why I didn't say something sooner?
I was floored!
When someone says you are delivering C- quality to your face early into the meal how could she be so attentive after that or be surprised by our disappointment?
Then the check arrived and it was clear she could care less.
We were just a couple of out of town diners she couldn't wait to get rid of.
I let her know in no uncertain times that Capital Grille is supposed to be all about The Experience.
that by their own claims they desire "that everything, and we mean everything, that arrives at your table at The Capital Grille delights you.
" As much as the food was average at best the least delightful thing that arrived at my table was the manager.
Everything she said made it worse and I don't know how she ended up in that job?
She ended up comping the meal and I still felt like I overpaid.
I would have happily paid $200 for the food cooked properly and the level of service I routinely experience at Ruth Chris, Donovan's, LG's, Fleming's, The Palm etc.
Earlier in the day I spent over $500 for a 2 hour desert ATV tour with my son.
It felt like a bargain in comparison.
We left after dinner feeling lousy and i didnt want my son ending his night that way.
We went to a Coldstone across the street.
My son asked why I was taking him there as he didn't want ice creme.
I said that I wanted him to see someone deliver a quality product with cheerful service.
We each had a spoonful and threw out the rest.
I left a $20 tip for ice creme we didn't even want or eat.
But on the way home he understood the difference.

My husband and I went to CG with no reservation truly hoping to eat in the bar.
We could sit right away and proceeded to get the worst service we have ever encountered.
The bartenders were a man and woman and were actually bickering at each other the whole night in front of the customers.
They looked disheveled and acted completely overwhelmed.
We had to beg for service......and even tried to waive to get attention.
We had to ask several times for wine, bread and dessert.
They barely made eye contact and were cleaning glasses in the bar dishwasher.
I say the kitchen should do the dishes b/c the bartenders were spending their valuable time loading/unloading the dishes instead of waiting on customers.
Plus, the dishwasher was emanating the strongest chemical steam every time they opened the dishwasher...so a complete appetite buster.
The food came out under cooked.......I even ordered the onion soup and the cheese was not even melted on top so obvious to the kitchen, runner, waiter and bartender  but they still served it any way...thus cold soup.
My husband ordered the smoked salmon and it looked and smelled ripe.
Our steak entrees were wonderful....but it is a steak house....so pretty much expected that.
The restrooms are located past the kitchen where the waiters/waitresses are moving at rapid pace in and out of....so it truly is like running the gauntlet to get past them to go to the ladies room.
We go to Flemings, Maestros, Dominicks all the time and wanted to try something new to us............NEVER again.

I like Capital Grille and living in Austin I hadn't been in like 3 years so I was staying over by Kierland and wanted a  place that has great food and wouldn't mind my yappy puggle on their patio.
We called CG to see if they allow dogs and they do.
When we got there another person had their dog on the patio.
The server (Sarah or Jennifer???
very nice, short blond hair) was very attentive and got us some water and also our dog water.
I'm not the type that expects restaurants to do that for our dog, he's content to sit on the ground and have nothing, but when the restaurant and staff do make accommodations for our dog, we really really appreciate it.
That being said, they're dog friendly...add a 6 star for that.
The food, amazing like always, calamari was perfectly cooked and a lot of it.
The server brought a sample of a pineapple vodka drink and I liked it so I went with one of those and then also wine.
The porcini rubbed delmonico is the star of this place and it was AWESOME.
Wife had lamb and was perfect.
So, another perfect experience for us at Capital Grille.
Good thing we're moving back to valley, so i can eat there more often.

All I can say is that Capital Grill is always consistent.
I dine at this location regularly, but its truly good at any location I've been to: NY, Boston, Pittsburgh, etc.
The food is always great, but the service is top notch which in my opinion makes it worth the expense for what is typically an 'expense account' type restaurant.

By definition, I am not a fan of chain restaurants.
I would much rather support the independently owned ones - but Capital Grille was the exception to the norm.
I just went there for drinks with a friend and was blown away by the service.
To begin with, if you sit at the bar....you are cordially poured complimentary Fiji water - which I thought was a really nice touch.
The interior is splendid with a combination of tables and booth and cozy lighting.
They also have several private rooms and a chef's table.
They even have private wine lockers for which you pay an annual fee and the restaurant then keeps tab of your preferences.
I just ordered a glass of Mumm Napa champagne and I couldn't believe that they kept refilling my glass !
That was the best $ 11.00 glass of champagne I ever drank.
Matt and Gregorio were our bartenders and were super friendly and professional.
Matt even extended his business card telling us he would be happy to take care of us on our next visit.
Considering all the steakhouses in the valley, The Capital Grille made a very positive first impression on me and  I did not even eat there.
Their menu is quite comprehensive and their wine list is unbelievable.
We even got a little tour of the restaurant before leaving....Nice !
I look forward to my next visit and actually having dinner there!
Hmmmm....just don't tell them you know of someone who got free refills on their champagne...that could spell disaster...ah ah!

Another excellent meal at Capital Grille.
Salad was fresh and delightful as well as plentiful.
Bread basket fresh and delish especially the pumpernickel raisin bread.
Kona Sirloin steak grilled perfectly.
Chicken Confit expertly done and most of all NOT overcooked which is easy to do with chicken.
Accompanied by fingerling potatoes, pearl onions, and au jus.
Just yummy.
Mashed potatoes needed a little salt but tasted very good.
Haricot verts (as the french say) were thin and delicate and cooked "al dente" -- to the tooth.
Nothing worse than overcooked string beans, but these were perfect.
AND LAST but not least.... the chocolate flourless cake............nothing short of amazing.....
The service was extraordinary as usual.....
The place is expensive but NOT overpriced.
The food and service is worth every nickel.
I hate reading reviews where people say it is overpriced.
If you feel you don't want to pay their prices then don't go .
But don't eat their delicious, well prepared food and then complain about pricing.
You saw the menu going in.
If you have a lousy meal then I understand those complaints but I haven't had a bad meal there yet.
Kudos to the staff who work so hard to make us  patrons enjoy our meal from start to finish.

our server Justin was absolutely wonderful, very personable fun and accommodating!
food was delightful!

Let me start by saying that this is probalby the hardest review I will ever write because I love The Capital Grille - but what happened on Saturday 3/9/2013 was completely unacceptable by Cap Grille standards.
I've been dining at the Capital Grille since 2005 and this is the first time that I have rated it less than 4 stars.
It is also the first time that when we entered the restaurant that our table wasn't ready.
My husband and I felt rushed and that has NEVER happened to us before.
Usually a dinner at The Capital Grille is such a delight that it leaves me excited to come back because it is so relaxing and fun.
The evening started off a little rocky, valet line was backed up (first world problem, I know), table wasn't ready, ordered a drink at the bar and then found out table was ready and they didn't offer to carry our cocktails to the table, food was off and the pace of the dinner was all wrong.
So here is a play by play:  1.
Have a 6:45pm reservation, wait in the valet line for over 5 minutes.
Sent the husband inside to check in for our reservation, he was informed that our table wasn't ready.
I make it inside from the valet, still waiting for table so we go to the bar and order a drink.
Drink was delicious.
Hostess comes over to take us to the table, doesn't offer to carry our drinks.
Order a dozen oysters, have a bus boy and waiter stop by every 2-5 minutes to see if they plate is clear so that they can move us along.
This was probably the most disturbing part of the night for me because I have never felt rushed at any Capital Grille location until Saturday 3/9/2013.
Please note that when I lived in DC I went to The Capital Grille every Tuesday for six years, so I know what the service should be like.
Order the scallop special, which sounded good, but tasted awful.
I couldn't even finish one scallop.
The husband's steak was good though.
Should have ordered steak.
Send the scallop special back (I've never done this), think the chili oil might be the issue, bring back without the oil, still doesn't taste good.
Bummer.
I was able to eat one more scallop, but we took 3 of them home and I threw them away because they smelled so incredibly fishy the next day...maybe that was the issue all along - they weren't fresh, I don't know.
Order coffee.
Ask for mine extra hot because it usually isn't hot enough for me.
Comes out luke warm - at this point I'm over it and want to go home.
I seriously hope that this was just an off night and that it isn't an indication of a decline at this location.
There were a bunch of firsts this visit, unfortunately, none of them were good.

I had the lamb and it was ever so tasty- came with a great plum sauce.
We also tried- Lobster mac&cheese (kind of oily but still good) Spinach (tasted a little too charred and bitter...) French onion soup (a solid good soup)  Our waitress was very nice but once we ordered our appetizers she did not return for at least 25 minutes and even then we had to tell her we planned on ordering actual entrees..
I don't know if she assumed we were only getting appetizers because we are young and maybe the clientele is typically ritzy old people (there was a couple celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary next to us).
Granted I underestimated how classy this place was and came dressed in jeans and converse shoes but that is still not a reason to assume anything.
Waiting a long time to put our order in meant waiting even longer for it to be cooked and served to us we managed to order,eat, and pay the bill just under two hours...

5/2/13  Terrific lunch service today!
Parked my car and headed up to the door, but before I was at arm's length to reach for the door, a young woman, with a huge smile, opened the door for me and bade me welcome- what a great way to start my experience!
Was asked if I preferred to sit at the lounge or at the dining room; I said the lounge, and where it was nice and bright and a view of the outdoors.
Was greeted by my server, Oscar, who asked what I'd like to drink.
"Water, please," and a few seconds later, a glass of iced water was set down in front of me, and what else do we have here, but a basket of sesame lavosh and warm seeded sourdough rolls!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-capital-grille-scottsdale?select=EdJHPE7TO8Nc9bAmCMfrSQ#EdJHPE7TO8Nc9bAmCMfrSQ  I really liked how it was a 1-2 event- first the glass of water, and then the bread basket and saucer plate of butter next to it.
Awesome!
I also ordered a cappuccino http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-capital-grille-scottsdale?select=pG4X2QsqmIWrlOaUNRFKiA#pG4X2QsqmIWrlOaUNRFKiA, which wasn't on the menu, but I was told it could be done.
(It was delicious, with a healthy dusting of cinnamon!
)  Loved the crystalized sugar stick that adorned the saucer.
I didn't use it, but I still have it as a delightful souvenir.
:)  Ordered the ribeye sandwich with truffled fries http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-capital-grille-scottsdale?select=qxlg0zW95M9Q-OJ8H-CY6A#qxlg0zW95M9Q-OJ8H-CY6A and a flourless chocolate cake.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-capital-grille-scottsdale?select=EqgjXTB2XBviaM_9U9hNVA#EqgjXTB2XBviaM_9U9hNVA  The ribeye was, of course, delicious, since it's one of the fattiest cuts of meat there is.
It was tremendously good during lunch, and I was content to trim off the fatty bits.
**  The sourdough bread was fantastic!
Loved the outer crunch and the chewy interior.
The flourless chocolate cake is not to be missed!
It took a long time for it to come out, so I at first was expecting something very warm, perhaps like a lava cake, but around 15 minutes after I'd ordered it, out came a cold plate, with cold dense, and fudgy cake, with six luscious raspberries glued to the plate with raspberry glace and chocolate syrup.
Wouldn't hesitate to return to try other lunch options!
**Either I ate the half that wasn't "too" fatty (I'd say the half-portion I ate at the resto was 1/3 fat, which I trimmed off before consuming) and the other half was almost all-fat (maybe a fifth was protein), or refrigeration doesn't do a cooked ribeye well, for my lunch the next day was a bust!
If you're a petite person like me, or someone with a smaller appetite, I'd suggest you share this steak sandwich with a friend, wait till you have someone with similar needs willing to share it with you, or be resigned to throw away the portion you don't finish.
At $20, I'd rather put my cash to better use.

Attended a business lunch here today and as always, food, service and atmosphere were TOP-NOTCH!

Awesome place!
Do not leave without trying their house drink, the Stoli Doli!
It will knock your socks off!
Great atmospheres, neighborhood bar feel to it.
Staff is awesome.

Went to the Sunday Brunch..
Awesome food... Good service,, very enjoyable

My husband loves the Scottsdale location, but I was hesitant to return after our last experience, but he persuaded me to give them another shot and I am really glad that we did.
Our experience was perfect!
We weren't rushed at all, if anything I think they read my previous review and took it to heart, or at least recognized me when I entered.
We started with two Hendrick's martinis and blue cheese stuffed olives.
Cap Grille really knows what they are doing behind the bar, the martinis are exceptional and the olives are divine.
I love blue cheese stuffed olives, especially when they have a robust blue in them.
For starters we shared 8 oysters, then we split the filet oscar which is quite possibly my favorite dish on the menu.
We got a side of creamed spinach which was perfectly prepared and split the espresso chocolate cake for dessert.
Well done, Capital Grille, thank you for giving us a perfect experience from beginning to end.
We will be back!

pretty mediocre place.
when you go to a steak place shouldn't the steak be even close to how you ordered it.
not to mention how my wife felt after about two hours.
the service was fair to good.

I didnt order much, just two entrees and a side, but I can say my steaks were cooked perfectly.
The service was friendly and the food was good.
Very nice ambience.
I would return.

My husband and I went here for date night on Saturday and participated in the wine tasting event they have going on through September, The Gererous Pour.
For $25 per person you get to sample a variety of wines and have as many pours as you like.
It was a great way for us to try some wines we might not have tried otherwise.
We shared oysters, filet oscar, creamed spinach and a baked potato.
I didn't really care of the baked potato, but the rest of the dinner was amazing!

7/31/13  Took Mom here for lunch- her first, my third.
The manager, an acquaintance from a year or so ago, greeted us at the host's desk and greeted us a warm welcome.
I'd seen her here on my first visit a few months ago, so it was nice to be able to chat with her again and to introduce her to Mom.
She asked if we were celebrating a special occasion, and I said no, but that I did have a birthday earlier in the month-- it's too late to celebrate that, isn't it?
She said no it wasn't, and just to let her know if  I wanted to celebrate it, so I said "OK, why not?
"  She said to give them a few minutes to get our table ready...  After a few minutes, we were taken to our table.
What waited for us was so touching, I had to take a picture!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-capital-grille-scottsdale?select=iIbKCsQjYDnsRh74ImLb2g#iIbKCsQjYDnsRh74ImLb2g  After asking for water, we soon gave our selections: Pan-fried calamari app, a wedge salad and a cheeseburger with truffle fries to share.
(I'd had the cheeseburger before, and I told Mom she HAD to taste it-- it's so good!
)  We were hungry, and I noted that we were not given any bread.
I told Mom that this never happened before, but perhaps it was because we ordered an app and a salad.
(I had only ordered entrees on my first two visits.
)  I didn't follow it up with our server Mike, since we had so much food coming.
While we waited, Mom asked me about the painted portraits on the wall- who were they of?
I knew one was of Frank Lloyd Wright, but I was not familiar with the other one, so we asked Mike.
It was of Barry Goldwater.
The food took awhile, but the wait was worth it!
Mike had asked if we wanted the app to arrive first, or if we wanted everything out at the same time.
We decided to have the app first.
We almost didn't order the calamari, since it wasn't deep-fried.
I thought that translated "soggy.
"  Mike assured us it would be crispy.
This dish was one of the best fried calamari we've ever tried!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-capital-grille-scottsdale?select=scjjRl12emUI2ACMbM889Q#scjjRl12emUI2ACMbM889Q  Perfectly crisped, not at all greasy, and the peppers were sweet, yet spicy!
The heat slowly built up, so we were able to appreciate the sweetness of the peppers.
Mom lamented that the dish didn't come with a sauce/dip, but after she'd had a taste of the peppers with the calamari, all was forgiven!
Mike came by to check a couple of times, trying to gauge when to bring the next course, so on the second trip, I asked if he'd box the calamari, or else Mom and I would finish it and have no room for the next two courses.
A couple of minutes later, we received our wedge salad, which Mike proactively halved and served to us on two plates.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-capital-grille-scottsdale?select=EpKlL89ya06lDOYlYAMiVA#EpKlL89ya06lDOYlYAMiVA  The veggies were fresh and crisp, the bacon bits delightful.
We bought enjoyed our salads, but I did find the blue cheese too bitter to my liking, and after a few bites, I decided to just avoid the dressing.
Mike offered to get me another, if I wanted, but I said I was OK-- I didn't want to get too full and not be able to enjoy the cheeseburger, and what a glorious cheeseburger it was!
And again, Mike had it halved.
Love the service here!
We ordered it cooked medium, and the burger was perfection on two plates.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-capital-grille-scottsdale?select=SZ4XU_VQnjg6-clbK4B6WQ#SZ4XU_VQnjg6-clbK4B6WQ  If I haven't mentioned it before, the pretzel buns served with the cheeseburgers are terrific.
If you like cheeseburgers, you must try this dish!
(The truffled fries are amazing!
)  After three courses, we were thoroughly satisfied, but I asked myself, what's a celebration without a sweet ending?
Mom said she couldn't eat anymore, so it was with guilt that I ordered the ice cream trio and mini-cookies (choice of three, so I asked for vanilla, choc, and strawberry), because I knew she wouldn't be able to resist trying the strawberry.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-capital-grille-scottsdale?select=_f5dyKTQsNuetmEXlwvdOw#_f5dyKTQsNuetmEXlwvdOw  All of the desserts at Capital Grille are made in-house, and I thought I'd enjoy the chocolate or vanilla best, so it was a very pleasant surprise to find that I favored the berry, while she preferred the vanilla!
All three were very good, but I found the chocolate to be a little too gritty (ice crystals).
The strawberry was so smooth and packed with so much flavor.
Mmm...
I wish I could have some now!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-capital-grille-scottsdale?select=bUO6oE_yNWQFJQmvv-Kspw#bUO6oE_yNWQFJQmvv-Kspw  I couldn't try the cookies, due to the presence of powdered sugar in the batter, but Mom said I didn't miss much.
We had a fabulous lunch, and what a great place to celebrate a birthday-- thanks to the staff at The Capital Grille!

Great service and food was outstanding.

The first time DH and I crossed the threshold of The Capital Grille, it was the hottest day of the summer and we had been hitting the shops at the Promenade and we were very casually dressed and hot and sweaty---ick!
The pretty blonde hostess at the door didn't turn a hair but greeted us as warmly as if we had entered wearing furs and diamonds (not in this weather!
)  But after we checked out the lush, dignified atmosphere and sumptuous menu, DH and I decided this wasn't someplace to grab a quick bite (our plan) so we decided to return when we were comfortable in our skins and clothes and had time to linger.
So last Saturday we returned, at the suggestion of one of our Meet-up group members, to try the Generous Pour.
It was a month-long event being put on by the Grille where for $25 you got to sample 7 wines, whites and reds.
It was so late by the time we arrived, we decided not to go for a heavy meal and stick to appys.
Great decision.
I can't say enough good things about TCG.
Greeted again by that nice young hostess, sat in a lightly populated bar and had the very best time!
Our bartender, Matt, was wonderful----very attentive.
very knowledgeable about the wines and willing to share all that he knew, and when we stumped him with a question, he brought over Jamie.
I never caught what's Jamie's role is (sommelier?
), but again, very wine-telligent and personable and charming.
The staff at TCG just made it a wonderful experience.
We liked some of the wines, didn't like some, but in every case, Matt and/or Jamie were able to tell us so much about the grapes and the winemaking process and the wineries.
Our apps were good too!
We ordered the pan-fried calamari with cherry peppers and the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella---they came out quickly, hot and delicious.
It was just a super experience, we had such a good time (almost 3 hours!
) and we can't wait to to go back---not only to finally try the dinner menu (I salivate looking at it, but steak after 8 pm is not conducive to a good night's sleep)---but Matt gave us a tiny sip from this large glass decanter on the barback.
Apparently, they fill it with slices of  pineapple and then add Stoli and let it all marinate and the beverage that comes out of that spout is very cold, slightly sweet and slightly acidic and I MUST have an entire frosty glass (or two) of it while the weather is hot, because I know that will be nirvana.
Plus there are so many items on the menu I want to try---starters like the Waygu carpaccio and the lobster and crab cakes, then entrees like the Kona crusted sirloin, the Chilean sea bass, the porcini rubbed Delmonico, the seared tuna, the filet mignon, the...the...the whole menu!
Oh my gosh, it's seven in the morning and I am craving steak!
We can't wait to return!

My favorite bar/lounge.
Very classy but comfortable atmosphere.
Friendly staff in both dining room and lounge.
Especially enjoy Jayne at the bar.
Both her and Matt are excellent bartenders.
Favorite menu items are lobster bisque and the lollipop lamb chops.
Bisque is not on the menu but always available.
The chops are served with a balsamic vinegar glaze/sauce.

I think I finally found it.
Possibly the best steakhouse in the valley!
I've always tried to find a steakhouse that reminds me of my all time favorite Harris of San Francisco.
I'm telling you that Capital Grill was right up there with its dark mahogany decor, classic style, and fantastic service.
We were lucky enough to have gotten to try out CG on a Yelp event.
I was also informed that they were the only restaurant in the valley that dry ages their meats as most others wet age them.
My personal favorite is dry so that info and the tasting was all I needed for me to make dinner reservations as soon as I could.
Lucky for us AZ Restaurant Week was coming and I saw GC on the list.
What a great deal, $40 a person for salad, steak, dessert.
We decided to forgo any drinks for the lobster Mac&cheese for $15 extra.
Wow glad we did!!
Starting with the Caesar salad it was  well done.
Not much more to say here.
For dinner I ordered the 8oz Filet prepared medium.
Came out perfect.
I tend to like my filet more rare than medium and that's what came out.
Amazing.
They gave me a steak knife but I could have used a butter knife to cut the meat.
I savored every bite.
The wife ordered the Kona crusted bone in ribeye.
Very tasty.
I loved the bone in and the Kona coffee crust!
This steak was actually more tasty than mine, but I would still order the filet because of the quality.
But both steaks were truly amazing!
Ending with desert the wife had the chocolate cake made without flower and I had the crème Brulé.
Both were amazing.
Overall we had a amazing dinner at Capital Grill.
We will be back!

Best restaurant in Scottsdale....took my hubby fo his birthday...the food and service were BOTH outstanding...highly recommend...lobster bisque is to die for...the scallops were delicious(even Gordon Ramsey would approve)....desserts are incredible(creme brulee is delicious..the coconut cream pie is my favorite).

I was really hoping to love this place but I just left feeling disappointed.
I will start with the pros- the service was AMAZING.
We could not have asked for better service.
The salads were good, the lobster macaroni was to die for, bread was fresh, and the wine was great.
Ok, now the negatives.
Three out of the four of us ordered the filet and it was literally served at room temperature and did not blow any of us away.
I was not a huge fan of the decor and the lobster "add on" was average tasting.
My husband and I typically go to Ruth Chris on special occasions for steak and Capital Grille filet didn't even compare.
The whole time I was wishing we had went to Ruth Chris instead.
If I were rating them on the lobster macaroni and creme brulee I would give them 5 stars, but this is a steak house.
For the high price tag the steaks should be exceptional and it just didn't do anything for me.
Bummer.

@quinterogolf  We love the bar at Capital Grille!
They really know how to make you feel welcome.
The lamb pops and ceasar WITH anchovies were awesome.
DId you know right now they are offering a Burger with an egg on top and a Glass of Silver Oak for $25

Capital Grill was very nice and cozy inside.
It has a very relaxing vibe which I enjoyed immensely.
I ordered the filet and it was cooked to perfection.
I did however think the side dish of mashed potatoes and green beans were skimpy and flavorless.
I ordered crème brulee that was good.
All in all I would recommend this restaurant.

A bit pricey, but always tasty and great service.
Second time in a row their wine list has been wrong compared to what was served and they didn't offer anything to make this right.

We went there last night.
What a waste!
The salads came out fine but we waited about 45 minutes for steak and asparagus.
How long does it take to grill a steak?
Sorry but we won't be back.

I've been a few times, mostly on business.
The ambience is very conducive to business lunches and dinners.
The wait staff is excellent, the food is good, and the location is very convenient.
Definitely recommend this restaurant, but as others have pointed out, for the prices here, I would choose many other restaurants over this.

This is our favorite Scottsdale restaurant.
There are many good places but when in Scottsdale we always end up here for a great lunch.
(Dinner is good too but we do more lunches out than we do dinners.).
Although the food is very good, service is what brings us back.
It is nice to be recognized and to have drink and food preferences remembered as years pass.
The routine is the same: I start with the martini called the 601, I enjoy a couple of good glasses of red wine, we have some kind of red meat meal and often finish with a good dessert.
The special today was Wagyu beef burgers with a Silver Oak Cabernet glass of wine.
Otherwise we would have had a steak sandwich or a good salad or a nice piece of salmon or the small plate two course with a  side lunch.
They are all good.
It is not a cheap lunch but price is commensurate with value.
In addition there are not too many Frank Lloyd Wright designed buildings where we can have lunch under the gaze of a famous Arizonan.
Their computer puts us next to Barry Goldwater most times which takes us back 50 years.

We ate here last night as a party of seven.
Everybody ordered a main course, some ordered salads and together we ordered three sides.
Main Courses:  4 Filet Mignons all cooked to perfection, everybody was more than happy.
Mine was moist, tender and very tasty.
1 Glazed Salmon, two thumbs up.
1 Crusted Sole, She loved it.
1 Sea Bass, Devoured.
The Sides: Mashed Potatoes, Creamy, light and whipped silky smooth Steamed Asparagus, Yummy, steamed in lemon juice  Our server was Ema and she was wonderful.
She was knowledgable, attentive and is just flat out great at what she does.
We will be back for sure.

The sea bass is excellent.
I haven't had a bad dish.
The lunch plates are a great choice as well.
Excellent service and food.
I set it up on Open Table.
You won't be unhappy.
First class service with a warm towel when you are done.

This was our first visit to Capital Grille Scottsdale and the experience was wonderful.
Janet was our server and was so kind and knowledgeable.
So often you have a decent and expensive dinner with mediocre service, but not here!
My husband had the T-bone and our son had the dry-aged rib-eye.
Both were perfectly cooked and tender.
Smiles all around.
You must order the lobster mac and cheese and wedge salad.
Their blue-cheese dressing was so smooth and delicious.
We'll be back again and again!

What can I say, I heard it was a great place for steaks, but my 23 year old son, myself and my parents give it a 8/10.
The other restaurant being a 10/10.
So you would like to know what the other restaurant is, okay it's Durant's, outstanding service, food for the most discerning palate.
The ambiance at Capital Grille was stately and becoming of a steak restaurant.
For the price I was expecting amazing.
I was sadly disappointed.
You can expect to pay $80-$100 person for soup/salad, entree, side dishes, no liquor, tax, and tip.
Our waitress was Janet, she was very pleasant.
Unfortunately, her helpers didn't do their joy very well.
We seemed to have to wait forever to have dirty dishes removed , water glasses refilled, or our order taken for desert.
It has the feel of a chain restaurant, good but not great.
We were new to Capital Grille.
We went for my Mother's birthday.
Not sure I'll be returning anytime soon.

What an amazing dinner out!
I don't get to eat at places this fancy very often so when I do it's really special.
My wife took me here for my birthday and it was one of the best meals I've ever had.
I specifically wanted to mention the Delmonico Steak which is a 22 oz bone-in ribeye that's dry aged.
This was the most flavorful and delicious steak I've ever eaten.
I've had steak here at RuthsChris, Mastros City Hall and also Dominics and this was better than all of them.
My wife had the dry-aged sirloin and that was also excellent but not as good as the Delmonico.
Their creme brulee and flourless chocolate espresso cake were also out of this world.
The ambiance and decor of this restaurant were so classy and upscale.
It was quiet and romantic and I just felt rich the entire night.
The waiter treated us like we were royalty and he was always coming by to refill the bread and glasses.
That was the best $150-$200 I've spent in a while and it was definitely worth it!!!
Definitely go here for a special meal you won't be disappointed!

Had a 50th anniversary luncheon at the restaurant on Thursday.
The entire staff greeted us with a card, a picture and a dessert.
The service and the food were wonderful.
The steak and fish dishes could not have been better.
It was a terrific experience and we will return soon.

Came here while a friend was visiting (plus I had a 50 dollar gift certificate....SWEET!
) The food was AMAZING.
But I'll start back from the beginning.
We showed up and parking was terrible, but luckily...free Valet!
Score!
We valeted the car, and since we had a reservation...; were taken straight to the table.
Whatever you do, get a reservation.
This place was packed and is ALWAYS packed on the weekends.
MAKE A RESERVATION, unless you like living dangerously.
I just cant wait when I'm hungry.
The crowd here is older.
Um, much older.
My friend and I came in our mini dresses, headed to old town scottsdale afterwards and everyones faces were like 0____o hahahaha The average age here had to be 55.
They have an extensive wine list from all over, also, a lot of smaller wineries (which I liked).
The bread basket here is amazing, and thats coming from the girl who loves any kind of carb.
Its an assortment of breads.
I ordered the salmon which was cooked to perfection and my friend and I split the garlic mashed potatoes.
I WISH I COULD OF SWAM IN THEM.
The best mashed potatoes I've ever had.

I come here with my friends and the food is really good and I would come here all the time and I would recommend this place too the people I know ..
The staff are so awesome

We sat at the bar and had exceptional service and great food.
The ahi appetizer was done perfectly..as well as the lamb chops.
This is a top class restaurant!
Be sure to take advantage of the parking valet service....very impressive.

We choose Capital Grill to celebrate our 24th Wedding Anniversary because you can smoke cigars at dinner on their outdoor patio.
Our table was decorated with rose petals, a memento photo was taken, we were given complimentary champagne and dessert.
Our waitress, Sarah, was excellent, and had great suggestions.
I had the Mojito which was good but Sarah turned me onto the Stoli Doli a combination of Stoli vodka and fresh pineapple juice which was refreshing and very tasty.
The Lobster Bisque was delicious, loaded with large pieces of lobster.
We split the Porcini Rubbed Delmonico steak and the Lobster Mac and cheese which was probably the best mac and cheese we ever had!
Only complaint,.
the blue point oysters  didn't have a lot of flavor.

My wife  and I enjoyed our 44th wedding anniversary here and we had a fantastic meal.
I had the kona encrusted sirloin and my wife had the salmon with lobster mac and cheese as our  side.
Spinach salad with warm bacon dressing and clam chowder were our appetizers.
Our waiter Brandon Carter provided spectacular service levels and we  were blown away by the anniversary treats provided (special card, red stars and rose pedals and champagne and desert).
It was a memorable evening.
One that we will never forget.
The entrees and everything were prepared just right.
We can't wait to our next visit to the Capital Grille somewhere in the USA.

I really enjoyed my steak and gourmet fries, on another occasion I had a cheeseburger that rocked me.
The service is great and the atmosphere is incredible.
Went with a group of people and we reserved a private room.

I've eaten here and at other capital grills many times.
Never reviewed.
Although this is not the best place around it is always great.
I can't say I have ever disappointed.
Tonight I had the special bone in strip.
Cooked perfectly.
Would highly recommend if looking for something a bit more exciting than a filet.
On the side we had green beans and mashed pots.
The mashed was  absolutely delicious.
Some of the best around.
All in all, this place is great.
I love it.

Absolutely Fabulous!
Everything was great, no complaints here.
Great service and great food.
The choices on the special Mother's Day menu were plentiful and the portions large.
Everything was prepared perfectly and delicious starting with the bread basket which we devoured 2.
It was definitely worth the price.
We will certainly return!

The best service and food we've ever had any where in the country.

Another great dinner with great service at Capital Grill.
We had a combination of different menu items from the bar menu to items to share.
All delicious.
The Lollipop Lamb Chops on the bar menu are a great choice especially if you are looking for a lighter dinner.
You get four lamb chops that are perfectly prepared and absolutely delicious!

