If I could give these guys 1000 stars I would.
I have worked with them multiple times and they've helped us out immensely every time.
All prints we get for our bands shirts look awesome!
Plus, FREE shipping for orders over $100 and no screen fees?!
These guys are crazy but I love it!
Best deal around!

I have been trying to get answers from Acme Prints in Scottsdale since the beginning of the year.
I am trying to get shirts printed, have customers go to the web site to purchase "Civility Shirt" merchandise.
Since the beginning to Jan. '12 I have talked with almost everyone in the store and I get "we will check on it, give us your number and we will call you back" but so far nothing, nada, zip, no satisfaction!!
So the question is are they going out of business?
I do want to give my business to a local retailer but if I have to do this to get, or as this case is not get any service, imagine what others that want to buy the shirt are going to be treated like!!!
They supposedly do the shirts for ASU and many other big companies.
Maybe that is the problem, they only take big companies.
Wish I could hear from them.
At this point, my suggestion is look elsewhere, don't stop at go and you definitely will not get anything resembling service.

I have worked with Acme numerous times on both business & personal projects (shirts, tote bags, business cards, and more).
Every order has turned out perfectly.
Their quality work, great pricing and excellent customer service keep me coming back.
Whether you're new to the printing world or a seasoned designer, need 12 shirts or 1200... Acme treats you right and makes you a priority.
They're as picky as I am!

Acme is A #1 in my book.
Best customer service around and fair prices.
Can't say enough good things about working with these guys.

Great Service and wonderful products.
I can't believe what they offer.
You can't find a better price.
I have been using another well know shirt printing company in Mesa for business needs, but even with an established business partnership with the other Print Shop and the City of Mesa, the prices were still ridiculously high.
Acme was a breath of fresh air!
I went to Acme Prints for a personal project and can't believe how great the service and prices were.
I wasn't ordering in bulk  through Acme and still I got a better price than with the other company.
I was even on a time crunch and they pulled it off.
Amazing Company!
I wish I could use them for all of our business related products.

First I must apologize for not getting back and correcting my previous review.
Acme Prints did contact me as a result of my other review and they really went out of their way to make things right!!
They are quick to get back to customers and they have helped me with my civility shirt products and webstore at their site.
The shirts are great quality, the printing is wonderful and their help in making them more attractive was more than I expected.
Again my bad for not getting back so much sooner and correcting the last review.
I will and do highly recommend Acme Prints for your products...good quality, good service and it is a pleasure to do business with them.

I have used this business for work now 4 times.
They are batting a 1,000.
I found them because of the first order; 750 shirts and I needed them designed and printed in a week.
Aye, aye, ayeeeee.
The traditional printers my company relies on in SF were out; the overnight shipping and handling for that many boxes would have been astronomical alone.
Naturally I figured, "oh what the hell, let's see what a yelp search turns up for screen printing in the area".
Lucky, lucky me... ACME it was.
Not only are they local, they are damn good at what they do.
In fact, I like working with them so much I've managed to come up with a reason to use them on 3 more orders instead of having things sent from SF, even when they aren't a rush order & plan on continuing the trend.
They have been nothing but helpful, and as far as meeting my sometime very specific requirements... no issues there either.
They are always very prompt on replying  to calls and emails, and let you know straight up whether or not something is realistic (more often than not however, they can make it happen).
And oh yeah, the pricing is hard to believe it is so good... especially considering the level of their work.
I have not used any of their printing servies outside shirts, and it is really easy for me to pick up my orders in person but based on the level of service I've gotten from them I would have no qualms ordering anything else they offer/have it shipped.
I feel like I sound like a major fangirl here, with a slight crush on a screen printing shop, but they make my job so much easier sometimes its hard not to.

ACME Prints is amazing.
I have used them on a number of occasions and have never been disappointed.
I had heard that their standard method of printing had some trouble adhering to a certain type of shirt I had bought, I brought the shirt in, explained the potential problem and they came up with a solution on the spot.
And it didn't stop there; they took the information to heart and actually made it a standard for those types of shirts from then on so that there would be no future issues.
The employees at ACME are very laid back but still very professional.
They are always willing to give advice or let your try on a size to make sure you get your order right.
Their prices are very reasonable and the range of brands, materials, and colors will blow your mind.
They have my favorite shirts of all time there, the American Apparel 50/50 shirts for an amazingly discounted price than the retailer; suffice to say I will be buying them from ACME from now on.
Overall they are my first stop if I ever need anything printed on anything, and I would highly recommend them to anyone who asked.

Acme Printing was so flexible in working with my limited time, and when it was time for me to pick up my order and I couldn't be there before their quitting time, they found a way for me to pick up my order after hours.
Ben and Chris were great.
Really good place.

I am so excited to find Acme prints.
I ordered leaflets, large banners, T-shirts and hats for my campaign and they look great.
I also got great prices - better than anyone else out there that I have checked and I have checked a lot as I am on a small budget - and their service was awesome with fast completion and delivery.
Also Dan cares about the environment and animals and that says a lot about him.
Definitely recommend them to anyone and I will keep going back for my printing needs.
I can't wait to try their other products and good prices mean I can afford to buy more to help my campaign so I am very happy.

Acme is BRILLIANT!
They are so helpful there with everything that I have ordered!
They have a quick turnaround time and when I show up with some ridiculous project I want to do - they make it happen!
I have used Acme for both personal & business purposes and they have never let me down.
Give them a call for your next project - you won't be disappointed.

These guys are great to work with, I brought up an order from Vegucated that was outstanding from May, they found the problem, glitch in the system on their end, refunded the amount AND then sent me my item anyway!!
Would definitely work/order through these guys again!
Thank you!

It's great to find a local business that you can have an amazing experience with.
ACME was great from our very first interaction and surpassed our expectations when we picked up our order.
Very professional, helpful, courteous and set realistic time frames for delivery.
I am certain we will continue to partner with ACME for our future business needs.

ACME Prints did a beautiful job on my new business cards.
I needed them in a hurry to take on a trip and was told they could get them done if I didn't need a preview of them.
Based on the excellent reviews on Yelp, I told them to go ahead.
They got them done right on time.
They get top grades from me both for the product and the customer service.
Thanks, guys!

These guys are hands down amazing.
Before I made the final order for my shirts I went in there to get an idea of pricing and color options.
I sat there for probably an hour and they were extremely helpful and cool about everything, it wasn't like I was bothering then taking so long (mind you it was the end of the day and no other customers in the store).
I believe Chris was the guy I was dealing with there, he's the man/giant.
So the next week I went in there and made the final order, 73 shirts/tanks together with the order needing to be ready in 11 days for an event.
The quoted time was 10 days so I was just going to have enough time to pick then up, but awesomely enough the shirts were ready in 9 days!
The point to take away from this review is that the staff is super friendly, gives you a good price, gets the job done on time or sooner, and they specifically go out of their way not to F you over (there's an employee sign that says that).
I was even taken on a tour of their facility, pretty cool.

Nice staff!

The people who work there are great!
In store, they offer lots of great items as well as well as doing custom orders.

Always so great working with Acme!
They are super quick, very helpful, and really reasonably priced.
The staff was extremely patient on our first batch of shirts (when we had no idea what we were doing and were asking a million questions!
) and continue to be just as helpful patient with us.
When we first contacted them, we were shocked how crazy quick they responded with a reply and quote, and that's why we initially chose to work with them.
They have continued to shock us with their speedy correspondence and turn-around time.
GO ACME!

Very friendly and helpful.

What an amazing experience!
Great pricing, final product, and most importantly...great service!
They worked with my design, and after several back-and-forths and millions of questions, they were always responsive and took care of me with professionalism and patience.
My order of about 30 t-shirts turned out so well.
I will definitely be referring these guys and will use them again.

Dan and his team at ACME Prints handled a very strange and very last minute request I had.
They not only delivered on time, but the results were even better than expected.
Dan kept me informed every step of the way.
I look forward to working with Acme Prints in the future.

