A laidback, unassuming little coffee shop where you can plop down on a couch with a book.
Lo-fi Willy Street ambiance, decent vegan selection at the counter if you're of that persuasion.
As a tea drinker I'd have liked some loose tea offerings, but the bagged stuff was more than decent.
I spent many a happy afternoon here.
Live music on Friday and Saturday nights.

I like this place, but I'm working on loving it.
I still can't 100% get over the feeling that, a) Some of the staff thinks I'm not hip enough to be there, and that b)  The customers who are looking at their MacBooks are actually listening to my conversation and judging me.
Paranoid?
Yes.
But there you have it.
Anyway, I reeeeally want to love MoFo's.
I think a few more time's exposure and it'll happen.
I already love the decor (the color of the walls has such a warm tone), the paintings are always fun to look at, the fact that you can buy plant & veggie seeds there is awesome, the baked goods are vegan (I'm not vegan, but I love when places cater to crowds that are smaller than the general populace), and let's face it: The iced coffee is amazing.
Let's give it up for cold-brew processing!

Delicious vegan soup!!

I like the mood at Mo Fo's.
Very relaxed, calm.
A great place to chill on a Sunday while getting a caffeine fix.
The decor and art is fun and eclectic..but I honestly wish that the furniture were more comfy.
I know that shabby chic is all the rage these days, but can we get a couch that isn't over ten years old and heavily used?

Mother Fools has a nice, comfortable atmosphere.
I love that their baked goods are vegan and -- my favorite part -- they'll make the drinks with soy milk as no extra charge!

Quintessential coffee house.
I don' even know what that word means.

Mother Fool's has a cool, edgy, artistic vibe and is also quite cozy.
Maybe it's a little bit too cozy, as the place is small and single people tend to sprawl out with laptops, hunker-down for hours and take up tables designed for two or more people.
As such, my friend and I had a hard time finding a place to sit down even though the place wasn't busy by any means.
We eventually found a table tucked in a back nook, separated from the main room.
The lighting needs improvement back there, as each table has a tiny desk lamp with a mega-high-wattage CFL bulb, which are blinding in tight, confined spaces like that.
Kudos for using eco-friendly CFLs, but we had to put our lamp on the floor because it was too bright at eye-level (but shutting it off would have put us in the dark).
I liked that they had loose-leaf teas.
Their baked goods are all vegan and we tried their gingerbread cookie and also a cranberry scone.
The cookie was decent, but nothing spectacular.
The scone was oily, soft and completely under-baked, but still tasted okay, oddly enough.
What I liked best were the prices: the baked goods maxed out at $2 each, with most hovering around $1.50-$1.90.
That's cheap.
Nice atmosphere and nice prices at Mother Fool's.
It just needs more space and better lighting.
The baked goods could use a quality upgrade, but at least they're inexpensive.

Can I just say that I miss the Chai lattes here???
Mo-fo's is the only place I know of that uses ACTUAL tea to make these, and not that crappy syrup.
I'm ruined for any other Chai experience...RUINED.
Someone find me a respectable chai on the west side, please!

I go here all the time.
Its appeal is in its artistic and comfy decor (including art everywhere), its excellent coffee and tea, its vegan pastries, and its overall ambiance that could be used as a place to study or meet up with a small group of friends.
The only thing I think could be better here is the lighting - at night it gets hard to see the words on my pages and I'm sure I would go blind in a year if I always read in that light!
Also - I would love if they had food there - but I would never leave!

I find their prices very reasonable, their coffee and teas eminently drinkable, their staff earnest and friendly, and most of their food pretty decent.
They have changed some of their seating around since the last time I was in Madison--there are more seats around the perimeter, facing walls.
I appreciate that they are trying to create more space for their customers, and I think you should appreciate that too.

$3.10 for a 12 oz iced coffee!!
I want to support a beloved local landmark, but can't afford to do so anymore.

I wish I could give this place eight million stars.
I would come here a couple times a week for hours at a time to read.
The baked goods, coffee, and soup are all delicious.
The baristas are all really sweet.
I love the mismatched furniture and ever-changing artwork.
Also a really intimate music venue.
I moved back to Chicago last year and I think MF's is definitely in my top 5 most-missed Madison things.

Showed up on a Saturday to meet a friend.
Grabbed tea and a muffin.
Pretty standard fare.
A violinist showed up and impressed the entire store with his passionate fiddling.
its really the atmosphere that makes this place, comfy seating, good music, nice lighting.
Plus they take Madison Hours - super cool.

After having several problems with the internet here during peak hours, I am getting a bit frustrated with Mother Fools for having a cap on the amount of users that can access their WIFI (becuase of limited capacity?).
Because one of the main usages of space there is studying that utilizes the internet, I hope they do something to address this issue for my sake and theirs.

I want to like this place.
The coffee is better than most places in town, they have vegan baked goods, and it's just a few blocks from my house.
If I want to chat with a friend or read a book, it's definitely a good place to go.
BUT...this is a university town, I am a student, and I need my internet access to be consistent.
I'm fine with restaurants and cafes not offering internet, but Mother Fool's is just a tease.
If there are more than a few people using the connection, it fizzles out and I can't use my computer.
Even worse, I mentioned the problem to an employee, and she told me that internet is seen as "a courtesy" here, and not something they have to provide.
Sure - they don't have to provide it to customers, but it seems like they get a lot of business from wi-fi users, and maybe they could get more from people like me if we knew the internet was working at all times.

YAY!!
My 200th review will proudly be on Mother Fool's Coffee House in good ol' Madtown.
I absolutely love this place for oodles of reasons.
First, they have the most affordable, delicious vegan baked goods that I have had (aside from BHB, ChiDiner and my own kitchen).
Vegan Pecan Sandies with Chocolate Chips and Double Chocolate Cookies?
Drool.
Plum Kombucha or an iced coffee?
Yes, please!
Second, they have plenty of comfy seating.
The total environment of the "coffee house" establishment is spot on.
They have more than one bathroom.
They offer live entertainment on the weekends.
In a perfect world, every worthy town that has colleges, students, intellectuals and universities would have a coffee house so awesome as Mother Fool's.

The only thing good here is the overpriced baked goods that they get from someplace else.
The wanna-be pretentious staff are extremely rude (we stayed long enough to see 3 different rude employees) and it isn't even a TRUE coffee shop.
A TRUE coffee shop has the following: good aura (its small, smells weird in the back, and doesn't have enough seats, the only table that is comfortable is reserved for huge groups), lets you sit and study once you buy a drink (all they care about is getting your money, they don't want you to sit and enjoy the environment, they just want you to buy coffee and leave, they are not welcoming to those costumers that stay), and friendly staff (nope).
Go someplace better!
Barriques, Michealangelos, and Fair Trade Coffee!
Trust me!
Don't be Fooled by Mother Fool's "hipster" appeal.
Tis nothing but sick, overpriced coffee and snobs in a smelly room.
Word of advice Mother Fools: Make your employees shower, improve your atrocious coffee, and move out the the welcoming Willy Street environment where you do NOT fit in.

I haven't been coming here for very long, but so far I really like it.
I don't drink coffee, so I can't speak to that, but they have a decent tea selection (some loose leaf, some in bags) plus Izze sodas, which I enjoy.
They have a vegan fruit bar which is delicious and a great accompaniment to a mug of tea.
I think it has a reasonable amount of seating for the size.
I've never been unable to find a spot to sit, even though I generally need an outlet for my laptop.
I've also only had trouble connecting to the wi-fi once and when another customer told the staff she was having difficulty connecting they re-started the router for her right away.
I love that they're open late - until 11, as there aren't many places around here that are, and I've never been made to feel bad for staying for a while and enjoying my beverage.

Within 24 hours of each other, both I and my roommate were thrown out of this place for not buying anything.
"This is a business," some tattered crypto-reactionary shrugged at me.
The problem is mother broke the promise.
The promise to be a neighbor and not just a business.
Bad marketing choice and bad community choice, mother fools.
You lost my roommate, but I'm writing the review from one of your squishy couches and eating vegan dal.
(Reminder: even Indians aren't vegan!).
In short: mother fools is run by a mother of all fools who likes to refuse hospitality to his neighbors.

I've gone to Mother Fool's more than any other coffee place on the east side, mainly because they're one of the few that stays open to 11 pm.
(RIP, Escape Java Joint!
) It's not exactly my cup of tea, no pun intended, but definitely comfortable and friendly enough.
Some of the critical comments below are just plain asinine: MF's prices are no higher than any other coffee shop around, and I think every business has the right to toss a freeloader who comes in, uses the Internet, and doesn't buy anything.
(WTF?
) True, the Wi-Fi service is a little spotty at times, but it's never been more than a minor annoyance for me.
In short, this place is authentic, independent, idealistic, and welcoming, and the drinks are good, and you could do a lot worse than all that.

Been going to this place for years.
Used to be a great place to hang out but lately it's been overcrowded, the staff has an attitude and the noise level is sometimes unbearable as the staff keeps the stereo super loud.
The wi-fi connection as of late has also been hit-n-miss.
They often have great local music on the weekend and I noticed the staff is much better then.

Nice relaxing place.
Would give it 5 stars except it is quite small ao when it gets busy there is no place to sit and there was only one person working and was kinda slow.
The coffee is excellent, all natural.
It's refreshing to not drink artificial flavours and chemicals for once :)

This is my now go to neighborhood coffee house.
Their coffee is truly amazing, and their staff is extremely friendly and helpful.
They also have great music playing in the background and the atmosphere is always filled with interesting people.
It is a great place to spend the morning with a cup of coffee and a vegan muffin while you work on your lab top.
They have free wifi, and offer free refills on your coffee too.
The only downside is they only accept cash/check, so put your credit card away and stop in for a wonderful coffeehouse experience!

Very chill and relaxed place, with a staff to suit the mood.
They were very friendly and eager to tell me the origin of the espresso beans.
Pricing was fair, and my cappuccino was very good - hit the spot in that bone-chilling Madison climate.
My cousin got a chai latte that was delicious and not too sweet, in a good way.
Oh, and there's rad Invader from Pacman posted on the side of the wall.
Bonus points.

Still sooo in love with this place.
I was able to drink my tasty hot coffee, eat a simply amazing vegan cherry chocolate muffin and get most of my final done in one sitting.
The vibe here is simply wonderful and the conversations among the groups of people here is chill.
This place is the real deal with transient intellectuals roaming in and out.
Drumming up conversations with locals.
I would honestly open a Mother Fool's-inspired coffee house in my neighborhood... if I had the funds to start it up.
Any investors?
Let's talk...

If you like vegan baked goods, you'll probably like this place.
I do, for that reason and because it's a perfect place to grade papers and read.
I usually order tea and a vegan yumminess and sink in a chair - it's pretty nice.
I don't know why it took me the longest time to review this friendly joint.
I've been here more than dozen times already.
And I got a vegan cookie from them at the Capitol when I was protesting.
This is just too awesome.

I'm always running around, trying to find new spots to enjoy a good cup of coffee.
This happens to be one of the first cafes I checked out when I moved to madison a few months ago.
Mother Fools is a solid coffee house in the Willy St.
Neighborhood.
It offers everything you'd expect from a cafe... decent coffee, tasty treats, a pleasant atmosphere.
Unfortunately for me, it's just missing a certain something that would make me a regular.
Not my first choice when I crave a cup of joe, but certainly not my last.

I often pop in at around 10:15 to enjoy a bit of late night coffee and vegan treats.
If you are not in the mood for coffee they have a nice selections of teas and cold beverages.
They have a few games that I like to take advantage of and usually the music is good.
There are some days that the music is off though, and I end up leaving shortly after I arrive only for that reason.
The staff is nice and at the time I go it's usually a quiet and peaceful place to be.

Stopped here recently because I wanted to support Willy Street amid all the construction.
The girl behind the counter treated us like we weren't cool enough to be there.
I felt like an outsider instead of welcomed, very discouraging when I was trying to patronize a local business in the middle of a tough time for the street as a whole.
I definitely will not be going back.

This is a pretty good place.
Interesting atmosphere inside.
Fits nicely into the eclectic neighborhood.
Talkative, friendly staff with decent Alterra coffee.
The pastries are ok; all vegan.
If you happen to be in the neighborhood, this is probably the best coffee shop on Willy st (neck and neck with Ground Zero).
Unfortunately, there isn't really an OUTSTANDING coffee shop on Willy (weird right??).
If you are looking for breakfast, however, head a couple blocks down to Lazy Jane's.

Coffee here is good, as most all specialty shops are.
No credit cards accepted, which cramped my style a bit.
Not much for food items, but ok.
I would return for sure.
Comfy seating.

First impression: great location to people watch along Willy St.
There's potential in this place.
The coffee was good and the staff treated me very well.
The music, however, is terrible.
I feel like I'm sitting in the gap.
80s pop doesn't really set the scene for one to be loner on a Sunday night.
I will be back.
For the sake of the place, I hope the barista is just out of touch.
I'm leaving my Rolling stone behind as a gift..

Love it here!!!
Excellent, cheap coffee and teas!
Very relaxing and inviting!
I love the ever changing wall decorations!!!
My new coffee shop that I will be frequenting!

ATMOSPHERE:  Music is usually grunge or alternative, can make some people uncomfortable.
I'd also say it's too loud to be able to study or read anything that needs a lot of attention.
Tables are small but there is a back room that has comfy couches/chairs and is a wee bit quieter.
Definitely has the feel of a certain crowd.
COFFEE:  Great coffee drinks.
They also don't make you pay extra to substitute soy for milk, which is unique.
They are very pro-vegan.
FOOD/BAKERY: Their bakery is almost exclusively vegan with the exception of their cream cheese.
The cookies are amazing, I'd suggest the chocolate walnut cookie.
Good value, filling.
PRICE:  Good prices, especially for those avoiding milk.
Lattes will run you about $3.50 even with soy (good deal) and bakery items are all about $2.
Very good value for the price.
Overall, I say this is a great coffee shop but a bit intimidating for the usual crowd.
Most staff is semi-friendly but the place is a bit "loud" for me and my friends agree.
However, if you want to rock out to some Foo Fighters or Nirvana while reading The Isthmus and you want to make some eco-friendly choices, this is the place for you.

This place is a wonderful hipster/grunge scene, filled with sexy slouchy punks and artists.
The art is wonderful (both inside and on the graffiti wall)  and the food is, as previously noted, veganese.
The chairs are comfy and well situated.
My favorite items are definitely the coffee, the sugar free chai (with some real spice!
) and the baked goods.
Come here to sketch, feel poetic, listen to the small shows on the stage or sit outside and watch the graffiti go up.
Do not try to make this your home if you routinely bacon/clorox everything in your general vicinity.

I will start by saying I am very picky about my coffee shops.
Just moved to Madison recently and so far, this is one of the only coffee shops worth going to :) Awesome atmosphere and my coffee was good!
Wish I lived a little closer, would bet here frequently.

Standard cafe with more food offerings than most on willy but cash only and limited places to pop a squat.
Aaand by limited I mean unless you're solo or dos options are slight.

Totally vegan bakery.
Muffins are so-so, but the cookies (especially pecan sandy, peanut butter choc chip, double chocolate walnut) are good.
Yes I've tried all the flavors.
98% of the patrons are on computers or working on their own, so it's a good place to work but not the best to socialize.
Did you hear me say all-vegan bakery?

Now that there's a real alterra in town there is no need to go to this cash only hippie hole!
I'm only rating the place based on its hipster vibe and overpriced espresso drinks and an extra 1.19 or something ridiculous for an extra shot, kudos to them for serving alterra coffee but the only reason I keep going back to this place is because I live right nearby.

I'm not sure about this place.
It's about as contrived a coffee place as you can get.
Cash only, art on the walls, limited seating, indie music, standard coffee selection, etc...   Not really my cup o' joe.

I love Mother Fool's... As a barista myself, this IS my all-time favorite spot in Madison.
The Baristas here are consistently friendly.
-Despite the hipster atmosphere the Baritas don't act "cooler-than-you" than extremely helpful, friendly, and they earn their tips!
As for the coffee, i honestly say i enjoy it the most out of anything.
I always get a flavored Latte but once while talking to the barista he forgot to ask what flavor i wanted and made my latte plain, which was something i'd never get by choice.
But it was awesome!
He had taken his time to steam the milk to perfection and i could take the quality of the espresso instead of the sugary syrup flavor i've been "enjoying" my whole espresso-drinking experience.
Don't even get me started on the food products.
All bakery items are vegan?!?!?!
I'm in.
And they're never too-dry or stale.
They're delicious and nothing i can get anywhere else.
I love that they partner with local bussinesses like The Green Owl Cafe and Ladonia Cafe.
Those are also, high quality eats, in my books.
All in all, this place is DEFINITELY my cup of tea.
I'm a regular.

Vegan baked goods were not quite stale, but getting there; almond milk latte was burnt.
So if you're vegan, and you happen to go here on a day when the baked goods are fresh and the barista knows how to steam soy/almond milk, it might be awesome!
But otherwise, try the Americano or drip coffee?
The atmosphere was lovely though.
A nice place to sit and read.
And the barista was friendly.

Great Colectivo coffee, a homey, welcoming aura, and interesting art are great features of this charmingly divey little coffee shop.
Plenty of well used vintage mix-matched upholstered chairs and couches to settle into, as well as a fifties style dining room table and chairs to accomodate larger gatherings.
I love the mosaic wall that frames the front entrance.
Vegans will appreciate the wide variety of bakery and soup offerings daily.
You can even buy organic seeds for the garden here, and Colectivo coffee by the pound as well.
Live music and other performances are offered frequently, a nice bonus.
Big glass front windows means great people watching opportunities while you sip your beverage, if that's your thing, something that's never boring on Willy St. You will need cash or check, they don't accept cards.
Four stars for wifi that is somewhat intermittently functioning, at least the last time I tried using it.

No credit cards, yo  Soups are vegan, get an amazing fougasse to accompany it to make a filling meal.
But save room for the awesome vegan baked goods :) sooooo many choices of cookies, muffins, cupcakes- YUM!
tasty coffee  grungy hipster vibe.

I love the coffee, atmosphere, staff and colorful decor.
We need more independent coffeeshops like this!!!
The vegan pastries are also delicious.

