Love this Hawaiian convenience store, they are all over Hawaii and like 5 in Las Vegas.
It is equivalent to a 7 Eleven convenience store but with Hawaiian stuff like snacks, Maui potato chips, macadamia nuts, caramacs, kona coffee, pikaki and plumeria soaps and scents, clothes, hawaiian trinkets.
Brings back memories of my trips to Hawaii.

I was SO happy (and surprised!
) to find an ABC store on the "Fremont Experience" strip.
My sister went to Hawai'i last spring and got me a cute phone charmy thing and I was excited to get another one from here.
It's basically a convenience store + tourist trap.
It's handy for grabbing hotel snacks and such.
Why would I pay $3.95 for a water bottle when I get a $2.00 gallon from here?
Duh.
Also, since it's a Hawai'i based chain, they have non-standard convenience store snacks: dried mangos, dried plums (*drool*) and dried plum powder.
Um, whoa.

i love the abc stores.
and for a very funny reason: i LOVE (and i mean LOVE) hello kitty.
lame, i know.
but i don't care!
we went to the freemont street experience to go do some cheap gambling.
i had heard that abc was in vegas now, and absolutely ran in there like a child when i saw it.
we went to hawaii a few years ago and i came home with a hello kitty nail file.
i was really sad that i hadn't sprung for the pack while i was there, and here was my chance at redemption.
so i ended up buying a pack of files and some h.k.
phone charms for myself and other kitty fanatics at work.
i was so pleased with my purchases that it almost made the whole trip for me.

Holey rusted metal Batman!!
I thought I'd never see another one of these unless I went back to Hawaii.
This place - literally - has everything.
You can get any kitschy little gift you need to get.
You can only get there by wandering Fremont Street.

I loved reading the other Yelp reviews because everyone was thinking along the same lines as me.
Holy crap, how is it that there is an ABC outside of Hawaii?
And how funny is it that they sell chocolate covered macadamia nuts?
They have this really cute cosmetics line called "Island Girl" with everything from lip glosses to scented cuticle oils.
ABC Stores are for bargain-hunting tourists and Hello Kitty lovers.

They say you can get anything in Vegas - Chinese, Mexican, Italian, French... heck, even Hawaiian!
Sure, you have to travel a bit (a few miles at most) from the Strip to find anything really Hawaiian, but you know it's a real Hawaiian experience when you come across an ABC Store!
Personally, I think ABC Stores are so super overrated.
It's the equivalent of me touting that LG25 in Korea is the sickest thing on Earth.
It's the equivalent of me getting all excited over finding an LG25 here in Cali and telling all my friends that they've just GOT to check it out.
Sure, it's fun to browse all the junk items and say, "Hey!
They've got a shotglass with my name on it!
"  But then,  you  have to remember... you can find these useless gift items anywhere in Vegas.
Shoot, ABC ain't that special.
It's basically a Hawaiian convenience store full of odd knick-knacks, souvenir keepsakes, junk, junk, and more junk, and food.
The food items are probably the store's saving grace.
When I'm in the mood for some guava juice (which is like... all the time), I head downtown.
I can either get it at the Hawaiian-themed hotel restaurants (a la California Hotel or Main Street Hotel) or...
I can just go buy a six pack at ABC Store.
Whichever is more convenient, I suppose.
They not only have a wide range of "Hawaiian" drinks, they also have a wide range of "Hawaiian" snacks.
It's like a macadamia nut emporium in there, what with display after display of choc-covered macadamia nuts, macadamia nuts by the can, and however else macadamia nuts can be packaged in.
It reminds me of the duty free shops at the airport.
All kinds of choc covered macadamia nuts.
Craziness.
STORYTIME:  A long, long time ago, I used to get excited about the ABC Store (much like I used to get excited about boba, froyo, popcorn chicken... until I realized that I was blindly jumping on the conformity bandwagon).
Actually, I love choc-covered macadamia nuts with a passion (which is probably the only reason, besides guava juice, that I bother to stop in here).
So one day, just before I was due to head home, I made a pit stop at Fremont St to go to the ABC Store and bought myself a box of choc-covered macadamia nuts.
I was just a poor college kid back then, so I bought just one box of the cheapest brand.
I saved it for about two weeks.
I like to torture myself like that.
Delayed gratification is great!
So finally I caved, and I opened the box.
I took out one dainty piece and put the entire box away.
I took a small tentative bite.
The chocolate was okay, nothing memorable.
I took another bite, bigger this time.
Same feeling.
I took another bite, and... wait.
Where the F is the macadamia nut?!
I shoved the whole piece in my mouth and... no nut?
What the hell?
Feeling totally gypped of the gratification I'd waited so long for, I rushed back to the pantry and took out another piece.
Same thing.
No nut!
Bah!
I stood there and devoured half of the box.
NO NUTS!
In the next day or two, I was to discover that.. in the entire box, only THREE PIECES actually contained macadamia nuts.
WHAT A GYP!
Boo on ABC for carrying such crappy products!
It was a sad day, a sad day indeed, that Cathy K discovered her precious box of chocolate covered macadamia nuts was merely a box of chocolate covered chocolate.
Sad, sad.
Would I go to ABC again?
Probably.
But only for the guava juice.
And only for the Hawaiian Sun brand of chocolate covered macadamias.
At least it's a trusted brand.

I'm upping a star solely for the fact that they no longer carry that atrocious brand of chocolate covered macadamia nuts.
Kudos for getting rid of the worst quality brand to ever disgrace the chocolate covered macadamia nut market.

Always love these stores.
In areas known for the strip premium it's the best to find these gems in the desert.
These stores are the BEST in Hawaii so of course they're the BEST in VEGAS.
Fair prices across the board with a whole lot of impulserandomnessbecausei'mtipsy shopping.

Find yourself in Downtown Vegas and without lip balm, what to do?!
Well lucky to have ABC right there on Fremont.
I loved finding this Hawaiian based chain store right here in Vegas.
Lots of souvenir shopping can be done here as well.

Only time I've seen one of these stores outside Hawaii.
And it's unique for downtown because mostly you find trashy tourist crap.
Here you can get real kona coffee, macadamia nut candy, and nicer Vegas touristy stuff.
It clean and well lit - another first for downtown Vegas!
They have a second location in the Fashion Mall on the strip.
Well worth a stop.

we drove all the way to this crap fremont street to this store for a hookalayli or however you spell it and they dont sell them

There is a joke in Hawaii that ABC stands for All Blocks Covered.
It's true.
Every block you come across in Waikiki, you are bound to find an ABC store for your sundry and souvenir needs.
Although ABC stores are not as abundant in Las Vegas as they are in Hawaii, it resembles the Hawaii stores and even sells chocolate covered macadamia nuts.
It is moderately priced and this is my go to store to purchase my Hello Kitty x Las Vegas souvenirs.
They have HK x LV key chains, cell phone charms, note pads, shirts, etc.
Very cute!
A must for all you Hello Kitty lovers!

This is my favorite souvenir shop in Vegas!
So many cute things!
Also a great variety!
Everything from windup toys to cigars.
I love the their accessories as well!
I make it a point to stop in here more than once each time we take a trip to Las Vegas.
It should be noted that since I have yet to visit Hawaii, I cannot compare this store to the ones located there.

Hey Brah!
Dis dakine jes like back home brah, in Honolulu all over da place!
But jes take off da "Hawaii" part on da T shats and replace wit dakine "Las Vegas".
brah!
A lot of Island bruddahs and sistahs here too, brah!
Dey come and stay at Main Street n California hotels on Hawaiian holiday special to Vegas, brah!
To da max, brah!
You can find dakine same junk here like Honolulu, for da Haoles.
Same Haoles here, too, brah!
Sometime a poor Jappo guy in heya, to get his Jappo brand food dakine like back home.
But mostly Haoles, brah!
Me, Hapa Haole, so fit in eida way brah!
But da wahines don wear da mumus heya brah!
Dey wear short black dresses way up to heya, brah!
Make me stare at dem like dey owe me money or someding!

This store is funtastic!
Full of everything a tourist could want, but wait, it's Hawaiian themed but with Vegas logos.
They have everything a typical connivance store should have, alcohol, cigarettes, toiletries, and then the T-shirts, shot glasses, and boxes of Hawaiian host chocolates.
If you are looking for the "hello kitty" candie dispenser, or the "hello kitty" lunch bag, they have it.
If you want the cell phone charms, or set of pencils they got that too.
There is also a bunch of stuffed teddy bears dressed in aloha attire and Santa on vacation Christmas ornaments.
It's on Fremont street just a few minutes away from the Golden Gate and Golden Nugget, reminds me of the stores in Hawaii.
Just full of fun stuff.

I always come here to fill up on snacks and drinks when staying downtown.
Walking distance to grabs some hawaiian sun, soda, beers and even a bottle jack daniels if i need to.
Also a good place to take a break if its really hot outside.

I remember these stores on just about EVERY street corner in Waikiki, and now we also have them scattered around the strip too.
While we were waiting on our order of deep fried twinkies @ Mermaids, we were chatting with the lady about the whole Hostess ordeal and she tipped us off about maybe scoring some Hostess items "across the street"...I'm a big fan of food collectibles-from rare food toys, food and wine books and magazines, menus of places that have closed down, to old school Primo Beer with the old formula still in the bottles, etc.....  We went across the street not expecting to find anything, but low and behold, tucked away in the back-Zingers of every flavor, Ho-Ho's, and the last packages of Chocolate Cupcakes, and Sno-Balls.
I grabbed one of every package to add to my collection.
Who knows how long these are gonna last, but with the amount of preservatives in these things, probably a pretty long time.
Is it the last of these iconoic items Americans grew up with???
We shall see...there are already talks about saving the popular Twinkie...ALOHA!!

This is the "go to place" for BOOZE, SMOKES, and SNACKS - Especially if you are staying at the Nugget, or near that particular end of Freemont St.
Example - Coors Light 16oz can at the Nugget's Pool = $5.95.
Coors Light 24oz "Tall Boy" cans at ABC = TWO FOR $5.
I'm no rocket scientist, but I know a good deal when I see it.
Other prices are GREAT in comparison to the street vendors/side shops.
Walgreens is a bit cheaper still, but it is at the other end of Freemont.
4/5 stars for convenience, and PRICE!

So if you have ever visited Hawaii you know all about the ABC stores.
I guess Vegas is the only other place to find ABC stores.
Long strings of pearls for 22 bucks!
Heck yes!
Souvenirs, interesting ones that you would typically only be able to find in Hawaii are found here in Vegas at the ABC stores.
This store is on the Fremont Experience and it is just a guess but the beer, snacks and such might be less expensive than in the casinos (I don't know for sure, I mean I live in Vegas and don't make it a habit of staying the night in hotels).
Hello Kitty, got that, towels, tee shirts, flip flops it's all here!

My recent Vegas experience was memorable, but not only for the partying - also for the kindness of the staff there, and at ABC especially.
From the security guard, to the staff telling us which line to get in, to those ringing us up at the counters, they were all genuinely kind and helpful.
Also, the prices (we stocked up on water and alcohol almost every day) are cheap for Vegas.
Thank you, ABC!

