It's time to hit the road again, and try get our body clocks back to daylight hours.
Can we pick up from Riviera casino?
You bet!
We book an economical car, and this rental site is a small one, so we get another free upgrade as per usual.
I love this company.
This time we've got a Pontiac G6, which kicks arse going uphill on Arizona's 75mph highways, with cruise control set at 80.
We set off listening to Celine Dion's Vegas show shouting "Shall we go for it?
" in a Canadien-French accent.
The road sign says 93, 95, I-15 North.
I think we need the I-15 north even though we want to go south on the 93...I dunno - and we're lost again immediately..

Watch out for extra charges that should not be there in your final bill.
An extra hour charge or fuel charge when you fueled it up.

Hello?
Where's my scheduled rental car?
Came here to rent a car a few minutes before my scheduled reservation.
I went to the check-in counter, and I was told the car wasn't there yet and would be arriving about 15-20 minutes late as it was arriving from the airport.
This was the first time I rented a car from a Hertz location where the car wasn't there.
I was a little upset, and just waited there until the car finally arrived.
Fortunately, I didn't have to wait too long for it as the car came about 10 minutes after my scheduled pick up time.
The check-in counter is a bit confusing to get to, as it is nestled in a weird corner of the hotel.
You have to walk through the entire casino, past the lobby/hotel check-in area, through some double doors, and past the pool.
Once you check in at the Hertz counter, you have to go back outside, past the pool, through the double doors, down a hallway and outside to the garage to the 6th floor.
I'd have to say, from start to finish, I probably walked almost a half mile!
I give this Hertz location 2 stars only because it was pretty hard to find the Hertz counter and the rental car was not there at the time of my reservation.

Mew?
Hello?
Where is my rental car?
Stopped by the desk the day before to see if they had any SUV type vehicles available.
The lovely woman at the desk said not at the moment, BUT they would be bringing in an SUV from the airport location for the next day that could be ours.
Hooray!
Cut to the next morning at 11.
The indifferent man behind the desk was indifferently indifferent as to the whereabouts of said SUV.
It took him a good 10 minutes to master the computer and locate it at the Encore lot.
He sends a man over to get it.
We are told to wait.
So wait we did..... and wait.... and wait....  A half hour later?
we are on the road.
The vehicles come with a GPS for no extra charge, which is wonderful.
It is also discounted to let them fill up the vehicle with gas instead of doing it yourself.
Jackpot!
Our ride was nice, but the price seemed high for a day rental.

