When in Phoenix, one expects a lot of tacos, chile rellenos, burritos and the like.
Padre's puts an extra special spin on the standards and then some!
Starters -- chips and salsa?
Hell, no!
Granted, I had to talk my table into the Cilantro Mousse, but yes, the lil' serving bowl was licked clean by the time the Cazuela de Queso Fundido came.
Melted cheese is always fun.
Enchiladas.
Standard Mexican fare.
BUT at Padre's, they serve it up with salmon and spinach.
Tacos.
Standard.
BUT with Duck...amazing!
Pedro's puts a spin on a standard favorite, but nobody was complaining one bit.

Stained glass windows and brightly colored walls with walnut trim greet you upon entering the main room/bar of this neighborhood hot spot.
The various rooms of this cottage style restaurant keep it intimate, but the bustle of activity in the main room keep a lively spirit moving thru out.
Family owned and run, these people greet you like you're friends.
From Thursday to Saturday evenings you hear the festive sound of the featured musicians of the week, with of course a Latin beat.
Great food and something for everyone with fresh salads, entrees with spice; and cream sauces, seafood, pork chops - you name it.
Word to the sweet tooths' - do not pass up dessert.
The flan in this place is the best I've ever had.
Moderately priced.

I love this place!
Padres has a great happy hour I would recomend the house margarita however, they do have a fine line of tequilas.
The food is to die for my favorite is the Black Bean Soup and the Chicken Pesto Pasta.
Whether you are looking for a nice dinner or some appetizers at the bar you really can't go wrong.

I used to live very close to Padres and try to get back their whenever I am in the neighborhood.
Probably the best $5 margarita in town.
There, I said it, let it be known.
Good happy hour spot with a different take on your classic mexican dishes.
The staff are all young, helpful and energetic.
There is a bartender there known as "super-bartender", he is the one encouraging patrons to take shots.
Which never makes for a bad time.
They have a salmon enchilada dish that is lights out.
I am usually there for happy hour but the rest of the entree menu looks and sounds very good.

Love this place.
I typically do the Pork Enchiladas with Green Tomatillo sauce, but everything on the menu is delicious.
This is one of the only authentic Mexican restaurants in town, others being Barrio, La Hacienda, and Los Reyes.
If you like the american style, with the rice and beans, chimichangas, etc.
stay away, because you will not find that garbage here.
The food is light and central american kinda style.
The bar is a fun place on the weekends when they have a live salsa-merengue band that comes on at 8 or 830 and turns into more of a festive bar atmosphere.
I've never been sick after eating here, and have always recieved good service.
They are also excellent for groups.
I like to book the back room, which holds at least 20 people and is almost like a semi-private room.

Just can't get into this place... there are some really nice reviews about Padre's.
I've been 3 times and all 3 times have left me just like "whatever"-- not really good, not terrible but more just nothing.
The service was odd, we were the ONLY ones in there one time (this may have been when they first opened) and nobody came to our table, I had to go get someone.
So that right off the bat left me unhappy but I tried it a couple more time after that and I still got the nothing feeling and the service was as I said before, odd.

The reason I love Padre's is it's the perfect combo of casual, relaxed and DELICIOUS.
Great prices, cold beer, great selection of margaritas and other drinkie-poos, and yummy food to go with the drinking.
I think the servers and bartenders here are all very nice, outgoing and friendly.
And they have a great sense of humor too - Example: as a single person, I hate Valentine's Day.
- every other restaurant in town trys to bring in the "couples" with all their hearts and flowers b.s..... but Padre's had a hilarious party where they played only "broken heart" and "he cheated on me and now I'm going to kill him" songs....  too funny.
Love it there.

I heard this place had duck tacos, so I had to check 'em out!
Sure enough, they do, and they're awesome.
My one gripe: I couldn't eat the tacos with my hands because either they were too full or the tortillas were too small.
The duck was great, though.
They let you pick how much you want the duck cooked.
I picked Medium Well.
The salsa was also very good.
It was a bit pricey -- $14.95 at dinnertime (which is when I went) and $12.95 at lunch time.
Not outragous.
Just pricey.
The service was good.

I had driven by Padre's so many times... and, truly, never even gave it much thought.
But, my friend Tiffany had been talking about how much she enjoyed the band that performed there, and that they were doing a 3 Amigos tequila tasting... so we settled upon Padre's for a late dinner last night.
I'm so glad we did!!
It was everything Tiffany had said and more!
I'm a big fan of carne adovada (grew up in New Mexico) and theirs was the best I've had in a long, long time!
Cubes of pork marinated and slow roasted in red chile...
It was so tender, it was hard to stab it with your fork and when you did what a reward for your mouth!
It just melts!
The chile was good (although, I prefer it a little hotter).
The portion was generous: a flour tortilla prepares the plate for a heap of the adovada, some ranch style beans and a bit of rice.
I have a feeling I'm going to be craving that again very soon... thank goodness for left overs!
(Maybe breakfast?

The food here is really really good.
The service is normally really good as well.
The only thing that makes it 4 versus 5 is the parking and it is a little pricey.
Try the tomatillo enchiladas.
They are.... TO DIE FOR.
In fact...
I am craving them now... YUM!

I've been to Padre's twice now - once for a full dinner and a second time for a margarita and a bite.
I really like the bar area, find the service to be friendly and attentive, and think that certain dishes on the are top-notch.
On the downside, the dining area (as opposed to the bar) is dull, the parking is tight, and the margaritas aren't all they're cracked up to be.
Both times we've gone, we've really loved the food.
The cilantro mousse was a really interesting and different accompaniment to chips, and the black bean soup was a flavorful and rich starter.
As far as main dishes,  the duck tacos are absolutely outstanding.
Wow.
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.
I'm not a huge steak person, and I love the way their duck combines the juiciness and charred texture of steak with the lightness of poultry.
Both times, we also had super-friendly servers who were very attentive.
We did not fall head-over-heels for the margaritas, though.
We tried the $5 Padre's Margarita and found it to be way too sweet.
Not the worst margarita we've had, but nothing outstanding either; I much prefer the house margaritas at Z Tejas if I'm going to go cheap, or the fresh-squeezed/hand-mixed ones at McCormick's if I feel like splurging.
We also weren't huge fans of the dining area.
The first time, we chose to sat there, whereas the second time we were offered a table since the bar area was full.
It's just kind of closed off and uninspiring, with ugly gold ceiling fans and no windows.
Atmosphere isn't everything, but it would be nice for the dining area to complement or highlight the inventiveness and passion that clearly goes into the food.
A few final notes:   1.
Parking is tight, and even if you're lucky enough to find a spot in front, good luck getting out of it.
I had to do a three-point turn just to pull out of the angled spot!
There appears to be a big patio on the left side of the building.
I'm not sure if food is served there, but it looked like a really pretty spot to have a drink and talk.
Happy hour is M-F from 4-6 pm in the bar area only.
Beer is $2.50, margaritas are $3, mojo martinis and wine of the day are $5, and mojitos are $6.
There is a special 6-item bar food menu with prices ranging from $5 to $7.

The food was very good and different.
We started with the guacamole which was very good and tasted fresh.
For dinner, I ordered the Pollo Relleno which was absolutely delightful.
A chicken breast stuffed with poblano chiles, caramelized onions, corn and goat cheese, surrounded by a poblano cream sauce.
The mashed potatoes were unique and had a bit of a kick (in a good way) they were guajilo mashed potatoes and the accompanying vegetables were delicious.
For dessert we had the flan which was a bit rich, but still very good.
We went on a Saturday evening around 7:30p, the place had a couple private parties going on but we opted to sit in the bar area, as it had quite a bit more atmosphere than the dining areas.
Parking was tight, but it looks like they are now using the available lot in the back which provided a ton more additional parking.

We were in Phoenix for a Thanksgiving vacation - five of us, and everyone wanted Mexican.
So we yelped a place for dinner and decided on Padres.
The food was great, the service as well - and it had a friendly and positive atmosphere as well.
The food is really excellent- more real mexican than American mexican - which is a good thing by my standards...
It was reasonable, by Bay Area standards, anyway - and worthwhile.
If I go back to Phoenix I would definitely revisit!
Thanks for a great evening!

I played here on New Year's Eve and never knew the place existed before.
They have live music on Fridays, salsa in variety.
I was eating off the New years menu and ordered the Duck.
In short it was gangster.
Cooked to perfection, just under medium, masterfully seasoned, artfully presented.
All the other things I saw were inline with my entree.
After the New Year's festivities, the owner whooped up a smorgasbord of items for the band, Djs and employees to reconstitute themselves on.
Being New Years, and having stopped playing by 10, my memory of the specifics of the smorgasbord items is vague at best, but my memory of my tongue's and tummy's delight isn't fractured.
I truly believe this place to be a nugget.
It's owned and operated by really cool people, the food is crazy good, it's cozy, great bands... what more do you want.
Oh and for those who worry about the parking, I have been informed that they own the lot diagonally across from their establishment.

So, I walked in to Padre's, looked around, and decided to take a seat at the bar.
I asked the bartender for a menu and he told me that he couldn't serve me.
Having never been to Padre's before, I inquired as to what on earth he was talking about.
Apparently the rent-a-security gave some sort of secret service hand signal not to serve me.
But why?
Then the gorilla at the door decided to pay me a personal visit, came over, and asked me to leave himself.
I mean, I was dressed in an expensive jacket, slacks, a nice collared shirt, and I'm a clean-cut late 30-something guy.
So, it wasn't as if I had stumbled in wearing a sequin-studded thong and nipple tassels with my junk hanging out.
I asked to speak to the manager.
The door guy left and returned a few seconds later.
He simply said something to the bartender, then there was my menu.
Apparently somebody earlier wearing the "same color jacket" was kicked out, for some reason.
No apology, nothing.
I ordered a beer and left.
With a simple apology from someone.. anyone..
I would have stayed for dinner.
My advice, if you go: do not wear a burgundy jacket.

It's mainly  the cilantro mousse that keeps me coming back to Padre's or perhaps the black bean soup and the pesto pasta.
Decent sangria and margaritas and consistently good service.
There seems to be something for everyone's tastes on the menu - I've taken picky eaters here a few times and they have always been happy.

i would have rather had Tacos' De Juarez to be honest.
i was completely left unimpressed.
i would rate this place lower if the food wasn't at least decent.
i was going to rate it 3 stars but after reliving all my greivences in my head i need to put it down to two.
i will come back for another try sometime..better luck then.
on to my review...  i shared the rib eye tacos with my friend which tasted great, the meat was rare as requested, but what annoyed me is we were given a bowl of whole beans in a soup instead of mashed frijoles like another guest who ordered tacos.
where is the consistency here?
the molded rice tower was interesting for plating.
the rice had good flavor and didn't seem as blown out as other mexican restaurant rices i have had.
i also tried the lobster quasadilla.
i was tragicly disapointed.
it was void of flavor, and the sauce on top was not very appealing when i tasted it on it's own.
the inside was mushy...but not in a mushy melted cheese way.
it was just mushy.
service was mediocre, guests who ordered drinks were left waiting 20 minutes without them.
the place was dead last night so there is no excuse of being overwhelmed.
i ordered a Dos XX's draft and it tasted flat, so my second drink i opted for a can of PBR.
umm 3.50 for a can of PRB is hilarious.
i can get a 12 pack at safeway for 5 something i think.
last on my gripe list...originally i ordered duck tacos..she took the order, and then came back to tell me they didn't have them.
shouldn't the servers know this?
the kitchen staff needs to let servers know what is out before they start taking orders.
if when i ordered the duck tacos she said "i'm sorry we are actually out of duck tonight" i would have been ok.. and ordered something else or asked to be skipped till everyone else had ordered.
instead i get to have her come back with menus and tell me "sorry we are out of duck tacos".
(:-\) no bueno!
Padre's you want to play yourself off as semi upscale mexican restaurant charging 15$ for 3 small tacos.
service and atmosphere isn't deserving of your priceing.
at least put my PBR in a glass instead of serving it to me in a can.
in conclusion, i will give Padres another shot.
but i am in no hurry to return.

Why oh why did it take me so long to discover Padre's?
Being a huge fan of modern Mexican cuisine, I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of food served at Padre's.
I found them to be in the same family as Dick's or Sierra Bonita, muy bueno!
The outside of the building is a bit deceiving and the parking is pretty tight.
I wasn't quite prepared for what we stepped in to.
Came on a Friday night and chose to sit in the dining area (my date tried to opt for the huge patio, but it was far to windy for that).
The band Cascabel was playing in the bar area, and the music and volume were the perfect enrichment to our dining pleasure.
We started with the jalapeno-bacon wrapped scallops and they were to die for.
The bacon was cooked in jalapenos wich gave it just the right bite at the end.
The scallops surrounded a pesto risotto and sat in a roasted red pepper cream sauce .
The pesto risotto was not only delicious, but a delightful surprise at a "Mexican Restaurant".
For our meal we shared the modern cowboy steak, a 12oz.
grilled rib eye, guajillo mashed potatoes, sauteed garlic spinach and again with the delicious roasted red pepper cream.
I really loved the mashed potatoes, they were red from all the chili seasoning and absolutely perfect.
I washed all this down with a sangria and although it was a bit tart (tasted like they used a sweet and sour mixer) it was still decent.
The multiple rooms in the restaurant keep it intimate, while the bar area provides a more lively atmosphere.
The service was excellent, I can't wait to return for HH!

I visited Padre's some months ago and was pleasantly surprised by my visit.
I didn't go in with too high of hopes because I was just going to grab a quick bite.
It happened to be Happy Hour at Padres which meant reduced price drinks and appetizers.
I chose to go with the Padres Margarita on the rocks with salt (3.50).
My drink was a-ok.
Nothing amazing about it, but it was good.
I ordered the Mexican street tacos and the pork tacos.
Again, both were a-ok.
I prefer the street tacos over the pork tacos but that's just personal taste.
I would like to try Padre's again for a dinner visit.
I hear they have a Salsa group playing on Friday nights!
Might be fun to try a new meal and kick up my heels!

I have only been here to have a few drinks but I would go back to try the food.
Comfortable atmosphere.
Cute patio area in the back.

Now those my friends, were some $12 tacos.
I know what you're thinking, who in their right mind would pay $12 for some tacos??
I know this, because I was thinking the same exact thing.
Personally, I have issues paying just about anything over $4 for tacos, because I happen to think that's all there worth.
I know I sound like a cheapskate, but I'm really not, I swear!
For a good piece of steak or a nice piece of fish, I expect to pay much more than $12, but there is something about tacos, maybe the fact that I can get spectacular ones at Loco Patron for $1 and $2 on Tuesdays that makes me not want to break the bank.
But, I digress...
I was sitting at home on Cinco de Mayo feeling sorry for myself and content to remain there for the rest of the night, when the lovely Christina P demanded that I get off my ass and come meet her for some late-evening grub at Padres.
As you can imagine, especially with my tolerance for obnoxious drunks, I was not looking forward to going to a Mexican restaurant on this holiday, where I was certain I'd want to punch every patron in the place.
However, Christina P assured me that Padres was not my typical Mexican Cantina and that I would like it.
With the promise of booze and friends, I shot out my door like lightning.
And boy am I glad I did!
Yes, Padres was annoying at first with the seemingly 800 people in attendance and nowhere to park, but I was immediately put at ease with a quick beer and a fun bongo driven band to distract me.
We were sat fairly quickly considering how many people were there, and that is where my love affair with these delicious tacos began, and everything went kind of blurry from there.
At our poor overworked waitress' suggestion, I ordered the short rib tacos.
I scoffed at the price, $11.99.
I further scoffed at the fact that there were no drink specials and it was Cinco de Mayo and we were at a Mexican Restaurant.
After a little sweet-talking, she agreed to give us Happy Hour beer prices which is all I could've asked for.
And then they came out.
They didn't look that remarkable at first, oversized, which was nice considering the price, but nothing special...until my first bite.
It was literally the most tender beef I have ever had in a Mexican restaurant, at any Arizona restaurant period.
They melted in my mouth.
They were rich and flavorful.
I had to consult Nathan S. to make sure I wasn't dreaming these magical tacos up, but he confirmed I was lucid and spot on in my diagnosis.
Now those were some $12 tacos...best $12 I've ever spent.

I usually stick to my tried and true favorites for Mexican, but I've been trying to branch out.
I'm thinkin' Padre's will go on the rotation.
The atmosphere was perfect for catching up with a friend.
Padre's is dark and cozy with lots of small rooms rather than one large dining area.
We sat in the bar at one of the high top tables.
I think we were the only customers in the bar, but it was during the week.
Our waitress was one of the best I've had in a long time.
Her recommendation of the duck tacos was spot on, I should have listened.
My friend got those and I can't even remember what I got.
The queso dip was also delicious.
It's not completely melted, there are chunks of cheese left in the creamy mixture.
I will definitely be back for Salsa dancing.

My boyfriend and I went for a drive looking for a place to eat late last night.
We busted a U-turn when we saw Padre's Modern Mexican.
We thought, "why not"... We got inside.
The place was nothing special, kind of rustic and worn-out, but quaint.
We were greeted promptly and taken care of right away.
The wait staff was awesome all night...very attentive.
We started with the cilantro mousse...sounded unique.
It was cilantro whipped into cream cheese, served with 2 salsas and chips.
It was good, but nothing extraordinary.
I went to order my dinner, a chicken taco, when my boyfriend stopped me and said, "you can get that anywhere".
So, I ordered the duck tacos.
Good choice!
They were fantastic.
I would definitely come back just for those duck tacos.

DEE LISH OUSH!
I love the kobi burger so juicy and delicious, I can't keep my lips off it!
They have a pork sandwich that is to die for.
I have them cater to my office all the time.
They have great potato salad too!

I wanted to rip the "Yelp" sticker right off their front window.
To start: The owner seated us.
We didn't know he was the owner, he just seated us and then went back to his beer.
He offered us a margarita.
I said "Sure" and he gestured vaguely that I was to get up from my table and go to the bar.
Go to the bar when I'm paying that much for an entree?
Hells no.
The Margarita Delicious.
And they only serve about a shot's worth.
Not a shot of tequila, but a shot of margarita.
It was gone in two sips.
The Lazy Enchilada's (apparently the owner's favorite) Firstly, it's enchilada.
Singular.
If you asked me what it was filled with, I couldn't tell you.
There wasn't enough substance to figure out if it was cheese or chicken or just a tortilla.
I was warned that the spicy sauce was really spicy, and urged to try the mild sauce as well.
The "spicy" sauce was nothing more than chile paste, the same shit I get from the grocery store.
The mild sauce was okay.
But mild sauce + meatless tortilla = crap.
The Fajita: Again, singular.
Just one tortilla.
The meat was overcooked and all the spices were overshadowed by all the salt.
The rice and beans: The rice was crunchy (undercooked?
burnt?).
The beans weren't squishy, which is good, but they also had no flavor.
And who serves food with bay leaves swimming in it?
And there were at least two hairs in our food.
We gave up counting at the same time we gave up eating.
Never.
Ever.
Again.

The place is really good but overpriced.
This is "Americanized" Latin food, nothing truly authentic.
Very tasty though.
I recommend the lobster pizza.
If you want alcoholic beverages, go during happy hour, otherwise the drink cost is outrageous

Hey!
Just went to Padres last night for a margarita.
Went with a couple of friends, they ordered some apps, that I of course stole some bites of, and it was pretty yummy.
I had a raspberry margarita, which was made just right, and I also had a sip of my friends sangria, which was okay.
Last time I visited Padres, Cascabel was playing (they also played at my wedding) and they were so much fun and everyone was dancing and having a great time.
It's a cute little restaurant, with a cute little bar.

I don't really understand how "Modern Mexican" really fits into the title of the Camelback corridor restaurant.
I have been on two separate occasions now and have been anything but impressed.
The quality of the food is always bland and the service seriously lacks.
I would not recommend anyone to try this place.
STAY AWAY!!

Myself and 2 friends stopped in recently for the 1st time.
They were visiting from San Francisco.
We were seated right away and were greeted by a friendly waitress.
We ordered Sangria which was made fresh and it was very good.
I had the Obama burrito which is basically a medium spicy pork adobada burrito which was perfect for me as at some restaurants they make them over the top spicy.
The meat was tender and lean and the sauce was delicious.
One friend ordered the Arrachera steak which is a seasoned rib-eye with a chunky guacamole on top.
The steak was tender and prepared med rare as my friend requested the guacamole was good.
The best entree however was the Blackened Pork Tenderloin.
The pork was lean and tender and was served medium, but what really made it was the apple-chile sauce.
I will definitely go back for more.

So I started this review over a month ago, and I still can't get the Duck Breast Tacos out of my mind.
I don't remember much else at this point, except I got the Lazy Enchiladas and they were great too.
But M got the aforementioned tacos, and their tender smoky goodness haunts me.
I need to go back as soon as M gets home.

Got done early with an appointment and was driving down Camelback when I spotted Padre's.
Modern Mexican.
Sounded good for lunch today.
I was pretty sure they would not be open until 11 AM so I sat in the lot for 10 minutes and gave them a call and they said "Come on in.
"  It was cute, dark and cozy inside.
I saddled myself at a pub table across from the full size bar.
I had myself a refreshing fresh lemonade.
I ordered the pan seared Mahi Mahi tacos with pineapple relish.
3 fully loaded tacos on fresh flour tortillas.
Mmm, not disappointed.
Although I was full, I still perused the menu and ordered to go for dinner.
I got the Modern Burrito with shredded beef for my hunny and the Salmon Spinach Enchiladas for me.
Even though I reheated them for dinner they were full of flavor and very good.
Gotta go back and have them fresh and hot.
I shall return.
Duck Tacos and dessert, perhaps:-)

Been to Padres twice now and I have enjoyed both times.
Last time I went I took a colleague from work and we sat at the Bar.
They have a really cute bartender who was super nice.
My first time there I had the lazy enchilada's and wasn't overly impressed.
The sauce was too mild for my liking.
My wife had the carne adovada and I was a ready and willing to help her finish what she couldn't eat.
The last time I was there with my work colleague we shared some appetizers: the bacon wrapped scallops and the lobster quesadilla.
Both were really stellar.
To help wash this down we had some patron margaritas which I found to be very good.
I wonder if they make their mix their as it was just right.
We ordered and both of us got burritos.
I have to tell you that no matter what your political affiliation I strongly recommend the Obama burrito-yum.
I also find their fried ice cream to the best around.
I enjoy the bar area and would recommend this place.
If you're looking for hole in the wall sonoran style Mexican food this is not your place.
The menu is diverse and borders on eclectic but not as eclectic as Barrio café.
Definitely worth a stop, and Padres has been added to my Mexican-Latin rotation.
The only improvement would be the chips.
If they could make these to order it would be perfect.

At first I was disappointed with Padre's menu.
I usually get tacos, rice, and beans, and they only had soft tacos.
But then I ventured out and got this amazing beef burrito that came with rice and beans.
Really glad I tried it.
I was also pleased to see that they had Sol beer on the menu.
It is my favorite Mexican cerveza, and I usually can't find it in restaurants.

The valet at the Biltmore recomended this place.
There was a live band performing the night we ate there.
We sat outside in the patio area.
We ate late enough that the temperature was comfortable enough to eat outside.
There are some creative dinner options on the menu.
There are the traditional clasics, but there are also some twists.
The chips and salsa were good.
The red salsa was very tasty.
The green was just ok.
I was disappointed with the queso fundido because it came with spinach premixed in.
I had the beef short rib tacos.
The meat had a great sauce on it and was tender.

The front entrance at Padre's Modern Mexican is really one of the most unique and inviting entrances I've experienced in Phoenix.
The use of glass and wood are truly lovely.
*   That said, Padre's appeals to the lowest common denominator of the hip hop crowd that patronize this restaurant on Sunday afternoons.
With a $5 cover, one would think there would be more of a draw than good music and a periodically tight crowd.
Unfortunately, the music is where it begins and ends with Padre's.
Some years ago we ate at Padre's and found the food to be quite good.
I don't know what happened in the interim.
For a restaurant that is first and foremost a place to get food, and also serves alcohol, to be serving their foodstuff on paper plates is disastrous.
Yeah, I understand that you'll be saving a lot of water not having to wash all those plates, but that's something I expected at a bar that serves food as an afterthought--not the other way around.
And if a restaurant has a waitstaff, one can reasonably expect an amicable staff with at least an iota of attentiveness towards their clientele.
Nope, not here.
I do understand that the younger crowd wasn't raised to appreciate waitstaff and probably don't tip, so I kind of understand why you'd rather try to get in some girl's pants than take three consecutive orders.
Perhaps you, dear server, are better suited to working in an environment that doesn't require such distractions as doing one's job.
And one might mistakenly presume that a restaurant would put its reputation on the line with the food that is served.
Not the case at Padre's, whose view of "modern" is fast at the expense of flavor.
Don't serve me rancid cheese on a stale tortilla and expect me to not be ticked off.
I really don't give a hoot that it only costs $2.95; the cover should help absorb the phenomenal cost of serving edible food.
Don't even get me started on a Mexican restaurant running out of Pacifico.
Really?
That's like any number of bars in the Valley running out of Bud Light.
I won't tolerate it there, and I certainly won't accept that here.
The next time I want to hear good hip hop music, feel crowded in my seat and eat sub-par Mexican food, I'll strap on my Walkman, tune it to 98.3, hop on my bike and ride it through the drive through at Taco Bell, because this trip sucked.
It sucked!
* One star because my mother taught me if I don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all.
Another star for the good music and company.

This place fails on so many levels.
First off, $5 cash cover to get past the door only to find yourself wanting to bail in less than 60 seconds.
The music was being played at a ridiculous level, tough to hear your self think let alone carry a conversation with members of your dinner party.
The service was atrocious and our server wins thumbs down for being the worst in the 602.
Our drink orders were delayed and staggered leaving some with empties for far too long and they ran out of Pacifico.
Major fail!
Our food was lackluster at best.
We had the cheese crisp and Carne Asada tacos.
The food was cheap and it was evident in the taste and presentation.
Paper plates, Seriously?!
Was this a restaurant/bar turn cheesy hip-hop club or vice versa.
It's difficult to eat a meal and enjoy the company of friends with people crowding all around you.
The place lacks flow and swagger in major way.
Meh.
I've experience better.

Is Padre's a bar that serves food, or is it a restaurant with a bar?
I don't think they've decided yet, but I'd say they're more of a bar.
Most of their footprint seems to be taken by their bar, and even on a weeknight they had what I would consider party music playing.
Padre's does have what they called a "dining room", but it looks like the poor step child of the place.
It's very small with only about 5 tables or so, and the decor is awfully depressing.
Especially compared to the rest of Padre's, which is very lively.
My older dinner guests didn't appreciate the music in the dining room and thought it was too loud (I liked it).
As other reviews have said, the menu is really interesting and the food is awfully good.
I would show up just for their rice and beans alone.
The rice is the best ever!
Of course the bar makes very good drinks too.
The service was pretty good, but I think was distracted by helping in the bar, because there were a couple of glitches.
Go to Padre's if you want to eat in a fun bar atmosphere.
Avoid the "dining room".

I stopped by for happy hour + munchies.
The service was impeccable, and atmosphere nice.
The food good looking, but a little timid for my spicy tastes.
What confused me?
The music seemed to alternate between ambient and elevator.
Maybe next time I should wait for the DJs to arrive.

I went here for lunch with my family and I can't say enough about the quality of food and service.
Our wait staff was attentive and friendly, the food was fresh and beautifully presented.
If the weather is nice, we recommend eating on the patio.
I also recommend the ceviche and spinach enchiladas.

I went for pre-Thanksgiving dinner.
They had a special menu with a tamale, carne asada, and an enchilada with rice and beans for $9.95.
Also sangria's were only $4.
WOW the food was delicious I wish they had this on the menu every night I'd even pay more for it.
The sangria was ok but the food was definitely a hit.
The menu looked pretty good so I'll probably come back.

Just driving by Camelback with an empty stomach... Mexican's food sure why not???
Padre's...we sat in the patio area... our server was nice... we order the ceviche right away, it was really tasty... after that we had the calamari which were under cook and the fish taco which were not bad but it needed more sauce or maybe a more flavorful sauce, it was a lillte dry :( ....  drinks were good...Happy hour menu looks nice, we might be back...

I don't know how many times I have driven past this place and never noticed it and that seems to be common place for this restaurant.
It truly is a jewel staring you right in the face!
Everyone I know LOVES Barrio..but the wait is pretty long on a regular basis.
This place is just as good if not slightly better and NO wait.
Last night I had the Lobster Thermidore Quesadiilas and they were fantastic!
I would call the place cozy not cramped.
Great date place.
Truly a secret that is worth spreading.
P.S.
80s music was playing in the bar and you could hear it in the dining room but it wasn't overwhelming..just background..I noticed people were commenting on the music and their dislike of it.
You dont go here to listen to the music..it's not a club after all or a live music venue.
It's a bar/restaurant.. the music is inconsequential and should be viewed as the soundtrack to your life being played as you go about your business

So Jason B. and I decided to try Padre's for dinner tonight.
It was easy to find, and very comfortable inside.
The nicest part, we were the only people in the restaurant for the first part of the evening.
The waiter was very helpful and gave us many recommendations.
We decided to start with the Queso Fundido, which was very good.
It had tons of caramelized onions and spinach, it was well flavored and very filling.
I would order it again.
I ordered the Cerveza Battered Fish Tacos, which were excellent.
The fish was tasty and they had just enough Baja sauce and cabbage.
I was not so impressed with the rice and beans; they were ok, but not amazing.
I was quite surprised by the prices.
I mean $15 for tacos (not the fish) seems like a lot of money, whether they have duck or steak.
There wasn't a lot on the menu I would order, just simply because I wouldn't pay the prices they were asking.
Maybe I will have to go back for the happy hour deals, and then I can try the duck or steak.

Friday night armed with our umbrella and Groupon coupon we finally decided to give Padres a try....drive by it all the time but have never stopped in.
We had called ahead for a reservation as our coupon suggested but when we got there nobody was in the dining area...yet so we asked if we could sit at the bar instead.
We were served by a great bartender with a good smile.
She promptly gave us menus and cocktails.
We started with the queso dip.
It was more like a spinach dip which I liked but my husband is more of a velveeta guy so not quite "cheesy" enough for him.
By this time the little place was packed (only 5:45).
It appears that they have quite the HH crowd and several HH specials but we were going off the menu.
My husband had the tacos and I had the small steak, taco and enchilada plate with beans and rice.
It was all very good and neither of us had any complaints.
Even though the place was full our bartender was spot on and we never lacked for a drink and she happily boxed up the left overs.
(I might add that the left over queso dip was fabulous stuffed inside chicken breasts).
We will be back if for no other reason than to work our way throught the extensive taco list which staring... at everybody elses plate made want to snag one when they weren't looking.
We will be back and maybe late enough to catch the live music.

Yum.
I wish I had learned of this place sooner everything we ordered was delicious.
The raspberry margarita was so good and refreshing.
Also I tried the lemon and fresh blueberry vodka drink, it was so good.
The bartender has a heavy hand and he should for a $7-9 drink.
I really was in the mood for a frozen strawberry margarita  but THEY DONT HAVE A BLENDER IN THE HOUSE.
Ah What?
A mexican food restaurant that does not make a frozen margarita, hum!
Whatever.
So when we were seated we had a problem with the waiter right away.
We were his only table and right when we were seated he came up to us, this is cool, then he asked for our drink order I had just picked up the drink menu and before I could look at it he wanted my order I asked for a frozen mararita and that is a no go, so then I say let me look at the drink list and he tells me he will be back he is going to get my dates drink and take my order when he brings hers.
Um, FU Man, well i thought this was rude.
He could have made a seggestion or even took a min he had no other tables.
Whatever i delt with it.
Then he comes back I give him my drink order and he askes if we wanted an app.
We asked him to give us a min and come back and he says ok well how about some chips and guac to munch on while you look at the menu.
Sure we say and as he walks away Iook at the menu and the chips are $9.
Chips and guac, for $9 I could get three mini tostadas with chicken.
Ah I will pass on the $9 chips.
This guy was not helpful with the menu and I hate it when you ask what is good or what is your favorite or mabey the most ordered dish and all they say is everything is good not sure what the best is.
This guy blows and he should not be a server, at all.
Not friendly and just a frekin douce bag!
He did not care about nothing this guy.
I almost asked for another waiter cause he just seemed to be trying to rush us.
Well because of how he was we decided to not get an app and just get dinner.
Well we ordered the Steak Fajitas and the Pollo Relleno.
The steak was so good and tender, it melted in my mouth.
Peppers and onions were delicious and they have the best rice and beans.
The flower tortillas were heated on the flat top and crisped up and chared a little, yum.
The Pollo Relleno is the house signature dish!
chicken breast stuffed with poblano chiles, caramelized onion, corn and goat cheese finished with poblano cream sauce.
paired with guajillo mashed potatoes, and vegetables.
I will be back for this for sure.
Its so good.
The mash were a little dry but good flavor.
The chicken was moist and had tons of flavor.
I was hoping it was going to be a little bit spicy but it really did not matter cause the flavor was there.
So many good things on the menu and I will be back for sure.
I absolutly will refuse having that server again.
This place is great, awsome little patio and the inside is nice to.
No booths but nice and clean look inside with art hanging next to every table.
My opinion its way better than Barrio, cause there the only thing I liked was the pork, and I tried 4 different dishes there, plus I felt like I was eating in a alley or something.
So for now I will give this place 3 stars, -1 cause of the service, but I will be back to do a follow up.
On the way out the owner stopped me and asked me how everything was.
He stood outside and talked to me for about five min.
I told him I loved the food and will be bringing the folks back to try.
Also told him we were very unhappy with the waiter and he said he agreed with it sound like he was rushing us and not very informative.
He said if there is ever a problem like that again to ask for him and he will take care of us.

Padres you deserve another star!
Every time I come in I have a great experience.
The manager rocks.
Like any restaurant you do not always get everything right, but the manager always takes care of it and makes it worth coming back.
He gives personal attention to make sure each visit is memorable.
Last time I was in  I ordered the sopa tarasca  black bean soup  with crema fresco and sides of diced tomato, bacon, queso and cilantro (see pics).
It was delicious!
I also tried the Tostadas de Tinga, the chipotle sauce and chicken combo was amazing.
I love the food, the service and the atmosphere.
How could you get any better?
Hip hop Sundays, that's how!
There is no place I'd rather be than sitting on the patio sipping on a sangria and nodding my head to awesome tracks laid down by Tricky T.

Food is pretty good.
Drinks and appetizers are kind of expensive, compared to entrees.
I've had the enchiladas and the pollo relleno, which is creamy and really doesn't take "mexican" to me compared to the entire rest of the menu, but tasty.
In general, this places tries to be fancy gourmet, and sort of succeeds, without the "oh my god" experience you get at truly amazing places.
Service is just okay both times I've gone.
Crowded, but in good way, both times.
I'll keep coming back, but it's never going to be one of my favorite restaurants.

Okay, I was thinking duck tacos but I really wanted a burger.
So, I eyed the Kobe burger on the menu.
I decided on the burger and would be back for the duck tacos another day.
For a "not too busy" Thursday lunch, the burger took forever.
Surprising since I asked for it done medium, I was going to change it to med.
rare, oh well.
Smelled delish as it was placed in front of me.
I asked for a side of mayo and I started in on the very crispy fries.
Pretty good.
I put a good smear of mayo on the nice cibatta bun and started in on the burger.
Whoa.
Hockey puck.
Okay, maybe it was the edge.
I cut the burger in half and it was well done to the center.
Then I thought hey, where is the caramelized onions - none, not even under my Swiss cheese - whatever, I'm hungry.
Okay, it is Kobe, should be tender with all that marbling.
Not!
I smeared a bunch of mayo and ketchup on the edges of the cut centers of the burger and ate a few bites from each side since that should have been the least done areas.
That was all I could muster.
I was getting heart burn from how done and dry the meat was.
What a disappointment for almost $11!
Was Kobe the cook or the type of beef?
I hope this is not a reflection of the quality of the food in 2010.
I better stick to the Mexican style food next time.

Went to Padres last night with my best gal pal for the umpteenth time, and as usual, I was incredibly pleased.
We sat in the far back room off the patio and it was so lovely.
There was a light breeze flowing in that was just as refreshing as my mojito.
Ahhhhhh Mojitos.
That thing kicked me on my ass!
As usual, we started with the guacamole, and as usual, it was incredibly tasty.
The chips were fresh and the two accompanying salsas were delish.
I usually get the enchiladas, but since I am now vegan, that is out of the question.
I opted for the three tostadas, and it was a great choice.
Crunchy corn shell, fresh veggies, and really tasty black beans made a great base for the vat of the tomatillo sauce I poured on.
Man I love that sauce.
Our service was incredibly friendly, like always, and even when the kitchen made a mistake it was correctly quickly and correctly.
Padres is one of those places I always forget how much I love until I go back, and upon my arrival, our romance ensues for another magical evening, and as I leave, I whisper gently,  "I'll call you Padres, I'll call you.

Went back a few ago and it was awesome.
try the chicken nachos.
Never really enthralled with chicken on my nachos but our waitress talked it up and I'm glad we got them..also a great deal during happy hour.
Still serving some awesome margs.
I stick with the Obama burrito and my wife loves the lobster quesi we never really vary out that zone.

Finally got a chance to check this place out.
For you people like me that like saving money, go to google and type in Padre's Phoenix Coupon.
Valpak has a buy one get one free entree, no max.
Umm super cool?
Great decor in the restaurant, nice patio.
I started with a mojito, which was perfect!!!!
Wifey had a margarita, which she also enjoyed.
Today was Saturday, Tequila tasting night.
We each got to taste three tequilas that were very good.
We started with the guacamole and chips.
I liked it, but wifamus doesn' t like tomatoes in her guac.
If you don't either, they'd prob make it without?
I went for the ribeye steak, and wifey had the salmon and spinach enchiladas.
Her enchiladas were suuuper great.
I ordered my steak mid rare, and it came out well.
I had to send it back so sad to say I didn't get to eat until she was done.
My meal was good, but it's hard to enjoy when everybody else is done.
They were quick to fix my meal, I'll def be back.
They'll prob get 5 stars from me next time, I really dig this spot.

Came here last night after quickly convincing the hubby we should eat out and not stay in.
We have heard lots of good things about this place and I am pleased to say it is as good as people say.
We were seated on the patio (a good option for a rowdy 3 year old) and were promptly given water.
I ordered the Tres Amigos margarita special of the night ($7) and liked it.
Next time, I'll have to try the rasberry ($8) or pomegranate margarita ($9).
Hubby got the mojito and it was decent.
They were also doing free tequila tastings of Tres Amigos Blanco, Anejo and I can't remember the third.
I really enjoyed that as anytime I am typically having tequila, I am not exactly concerned with the tastings differences in each blend.
So, I learned something new this time.
Very cool.
The menu looks really great and I look forward to trying new dishes here.
I had the salmon and spinach enchiladas that came with rice and vegetables.
The rice was moist and delicious and reminded me a lot of the rice I grew up eating with Puerto-Rican dishes.
The veggies were my favorites: red onions, and green and yellow squash.
The enchiladas were pretty good but I would probably not order them again.
I am more of a traditional enchilada type of girl and as much as I love salmon, I guess I don't prefer it in my enchiladas.
But that is no fault to Padres as the dish was very good.
My husband ordered their steak and unfortunately, his medium rare steak came out well done.
They fixed it but hubby was very annoyed that I was pretty much finished with my plate when his remake came out.
The server was great even though he forgot my daughter's drink and ordered her a cheese quesadilla appetizer and not the kids cheese quesadilla.
But other than that, he consistently checked on us, was knowledgeable and enthusiastic on the menu and told us we should come back for salsa nights.
On Friday and Sat nights, they do salsa dancing and bring in a band.
I can't wait to go for that with some girlfriends.
Fri it is 8:30-11:30pm and Sat it is 8-11pm.

Great mexican food!
I had Tia's enchiladas and my partner had the braised pork.
Both were delicious.
The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the guac was just okay.
We were both incredibly pleased with our choice.

Padre's Modern Mexican is a new favorite of mine.
A waiter name Chico took great care of us and made good suggestions for menu items.
I ordered the Padre Margarita ($6).
It was served in a unique goblet.
Very nice.
My partner and I ordered the ceviche to start.
Cha Ching!!!
It's a winner!
Delicious.
We ordered sopa (soup for you gringos).
It was a black bean soup.
The soup had a drizzle of cream and side fixings that consisted of cheese, cilantro, and onions.
The soup was very good and the side fixings made it fun and interesting.
Chico mentioned it twice that the Obama burrito was his favorite, so he sold me on it.
You go Chico!!!
You can choose from red or green sauce.
I chose the red and it had great flavor.
The rice and beans that came with it were awesome.
Happy Hour is Monday through Friday 3 - 6:30 for you festive peeps.
Padre's has a cute little patio but it was a little to hot.
Their website says Dining and Dancing.
Friday Night Salsa!!!
Fun.
I will be back for that.
Yay for Padre's.

Having been here multiple times, we are not quite sure why we haven't written a review yet.
This is becoming a trusted standy by when we want a tasty meal,to be  taken care of by great people, served solid drinks, and enjoy a great atmosphere.
I think they have the best house margarita around and the El Padre is another favorite of mine.
Don't think we have had the same meal twice since we started going.
Have enjoyed ever dish we have tried.
I had the fish tacos( perfectly done) and the mrs. enjoyed the shrimp fajitas on our last visit.
Try the Clams Corona...very tasty.
The short ribs are awesome also.
All the normal Mexican fare is here, but so much tastier ( Tia's Enchiladas &modern burrito).
Seems like it is pretty busy most of the time, but we seem to find a spot in the bar somewhere...that is the best place anyways!

Great place and great happy hour.
Padre magarita for $4.00 on Tuesdays comes with Sauza Gold and you don't have to be in the bar area for this one.
Food ordered:  Cuban Pork Sandwich, it was very tender, so very flavorful, a lot of food, but we wished there was more even after we were full.
We also shared the Obama Burrito with green and red sauce, it was fantastic, screaming full of flavors.
Shreaded pork, peppers, cheese, tons of balanced spice.
I wish the chips and salsa were complimentary.
Just something you tend to get used to in places now a days.
$2.00 isn't too bad though.

Margaret was Damn good, arrachera ribeye was beyond delicious, gf had the outstanding pollo ranchera.
Ask for Chico's section.
He will take care of you and will suggest and compliment your needs.
I will be going back ASAP.
Good job Padre's.
Cheers.

Don't really know what to say on this one.
The food was good, but I don't feel inspired to go back.
Started with queso  funded.
Spinach, cheese, and spices.
Quite tasty.
Also came with two small ramekins of salsa.
Red salsa was nondescript, green was yummy.
Entrees were chicken relleno.
Presented well with lots of sauce.
Good, but not great.
Carne adavado (sp?).
The menu said spicy pork, but it was mild at best.
Los Dos Molinos is a better choice for this dish.
Overall, nothing was great, but nothing was bad either.
Just sort of in the middle.

So we went back again last night to eat some good Mexican food and listen to live music.
What a nice meal we had, let me say.
I had a few mojitos, wifey had a margarita and the food...well the food was just awesome.
We started out with the clams corona.
They were pretty good, that's a recipe I"m sooo stealing.
They steamed the clams in corona, garlic and pico de gallo.
They were served with crusty bread topped with jalapeno cilantro pesto, yummmm.
I tried to get the short rib tacos, but sadly they were out of teh short ribs.
I opted for the duck breast tacos, cooked rare.
My tacos were good, but they put too much of the juice from the pico on there so the tortialls ended up being soggy.
No biggie, I used wifey's extra tortilla that she had with her combo platter.
Her combo platter had a beef taco, cheese enchilada, rice, beans and a nice size piece of the best flavored most tender skirt steak I've ever had in my entire life.
No joke, I was literally thinking about that carne asada the entire night!
(insert comical "he's dreaming about meat" joke here)  Overall, what a great meal and dining experience.
Two thumbs up and two shots of tequila for the gang at Padres..

It had been at least a year, possibly closer to two, since my last visit to Padre's and I was worried that rumors of a new chef and changes in the kitchen may have made my earlier comments null and void.
I am pleased to announce that I had the carne adovada again today and it was just as tender as I remembered it.
In fact, I stand behind my original review 100% -- the chile could be a little spicier, but the meat is perfectly marinated and fork tender!
Delish!

Went here for lunch today.
I've been driving past this place for a few years now, so was looking forward to finally trying it.
It was good, nothing to write home about though.
We had the lunch specials - I had the chicken enchilada with green sauce and rice and beans, my friend had the chicken tacos.
Extremely small portions, wow.
For $6 a meal, which ok is affordable, and true it's just "lunch portions", I still was expecting more.
The enchilada was the size of a tortilla roll-up, like really really small.
The tacos were also three tiny lil guys, like maybe only 3 inches long.
The taste was just alright too - I mean it was good, but again nothing that's going to make me go back again.
The service was good, the server was attentive and our drinks kept getting refilled.
So yea...good, but nothing spectacular.
Maybe dinner is better.

My first time here was actually kind of ironic.
We went there last night to see a band, Mason, and thought we'd grab dinner before hand since it is a Mexican restaurant.
I've been on this carne asada taco kick lately, disappointedly making my way around central Phoenix looking for some good ones.
I had no idea I'd find them at Padre's.
What a surprise.
The place was jammed packed, literally, and I couldn't see any tacos in my future when we first got there.
We ended up scooting in on a table with friends and the wait staff happily served us.
I think they gave up on the whole wait for a table protocol.
Everyone was there to see the band.
Anyway, my tacos came right away and they were great.
We had both the carne asada and the shrimp tacos.
Yum!
I can't wait to go back to this place when it's not jammed packed to try out the rest of menu.
I see a Taco Tuesday in my future.

This place was awesome!
My friend took me here for my surprise birthday dinner.
I always drive past and have been wanting to try it out but just hadn't gotten around to it.
The margaritas are refreshing, and I had the pollo relleno which was absolutely heavenly!
I am so happy she chose this spot.
The reason it has 4 stars instead of 5 is because the server was a little distracted and missed out on a few key items, but he was friendly and courteous when he was around and other than the occasional lapse in service, we really enjoyed his personality, suggestions and general joie de vivre.

My man and I went to Padre's for dins and I had a groupon.
I showed it to the guy who seated us who I assumed to be the manager(?
) and he made a comment that sounded to the two of us like "great (not thrilled), another groupon(smirk)".
This started us discussing why they would even offer a groupon if they weren't thrilled about people using them!?!?
Whatevs- Chico was our server and I really liked him.
We ordered chips and salsa and a lobster quesadilla to start since I had $50 to spend!
CnS?
Fine, not amazing, not bad.
Lobster 'dilla- weird.
I didn't really like the mango-lobster combo and I found a couple pieces of shell which felt really great on my chompers.
For dinner I had the stuffed chicken "house specialty" and JD got the salmon spinach enchilada's.
Mine was good, not great and a little bit tough but nothing like JD's.
I am a salmon lover through and through but once that enchilada entered my mouth I wanted it out ASAP.
Blech!
Boo!
Yick!
I actually wiped my tongue with my napkin (so ladylike, i know).
It  really was repulsive.
He ate most of it though, but didn't feel so good later.
I don't think it was spoiled or anything- just REALLLY fishy in a bad bad way.
So a couple of things left a bad tasted in my mouth (literally and figuratively).
But I can't say enough good things about Chico.
He made the experience good just by being a nice guy and a stealth server.
The jury is out on whether I'd go back.
I'm always in that area but not much impressed me food-wise.
Might be fun to drink and hang out though.

Great service, super fast and friendly!
The food didnt stand out as spectacular, but over all it was a good experience.
I used a restaurant.com coupon and the server was cool and friendly about it.

I have to admit I didn't think I was going to get an as good meal as we did.
We ended up going because we got a restaurant.com gift certificate and thought we'd try a new place.
We've always passed it on Camelback and many time went to Oreganos next door, but never stopped.
I am glad we went last week.
The menu is good sized and the prices were reasonable.
We got the chicken stuffed with peppers and cheese and the Salmon and Spinach enchiladas.
Both entrees were excellent.
I was especially surprised by the enchiladas....you don't usually see salmon and spinach in an enchilada...and executed very well.
We got the guacamole and lobster quesadilla for an app.
The quesadilla was "ok", but the guacamole was very good.
The atmosphere is nice and cozy.
The bar and patio areas are where you will want to site...they have a more authentic feel and the vibe is great.
The dinning room is so-so.
The service was superior and our waiter was way cool and made great recommendations.
He was attentive and knowledgable about the food.
He was a rock star in terms of service.
Overall, I would say give this place a spin....it was a great meal.
Why we never stopped there before, I'll never know....

I've been coming here for over 6 years.
First as single dude, then with my future wife and now with my kids (much less often).
The bar is great, latin nights can get crazy and the food is really  good.
If you're coming for food, come a little early.
If you're coming for late night, it's loud and packed (and really fun).
I highly recommend this joint over your usual Mexican fare.

Get the Killer Tacos!
5 stars.
Enough said.

I was there when this place first opened!
For my own selfish reasons I enjoyed the first few months when there weren't crowds, lol!
Still, even now, after everyone found out how delicious it is & started living there, it's high on my list of best places for happy hour & dinner.
I can't get enough of their guacamole & my favorite main dish is definitely the Tia's Enchiladas with green tomatillo sauce,,,,,, mouth watering!

This could be my new nouveau mexican in this city.
I went last night for my 1st time and was absolutely blown away.
Started out with the basic chips and guacamole.
I think it may have been the best guacamole I have ever had..
Delicious !!
For my main course I had the POLLO RELLENO ( from menu: The house signature dish!
chicken breast stuffed with poblano chiles, caramelized onion, corn and goat cheese finished with poblano cream sauce.
paired with guajillo mashed potatoes, and vegetables)  IT WAS OUT OF THIS WORLD...
The chicken was cooked perfectly and the poblano cream sauce complimented everything on the plate.
The veggies and potatoes were amazing too.
The crowd was mixed and there was a huge wedding party on the patio making it very lively.
the owner came over to the table a few times, and the waiter was top notch..
I will return and already know what I am gonna have !

Best Margaritas I've ever had..............that's all I remember!

My friend just raved about the food so I was very excited to give this a try.
A group of five of us stopped by for dinner before First Friday Art Walk this month.
The place was busy so there was a bit of a wait, just about 15minutes or so, not bad.
We were seated and placed our drink orders.
Our waitress was great.
Very friendly and prompt.
It took FOREVER to get our food.
So long that one member of our party had to leave as soon as it came.
This was (seemingly at least) in no fault of our server however.
She did check in on us frequently and let us know that it was coming, there was just a large party ahead of us.
We got our good and it was delicious.
I had the Salmon Spinach Enchiladas.
It was wonderful very tasty.
The chipotle cream sauce drizzled on top was soooo good!
I tasted my friend's Chicken Relleno, also very tasty, however hers was a bit on the dry side.
She has had it before and said it was not usually as dry.
The only other issue I had with the food is that it wasn't hot It wasn't cold by any means, I just got the sense that it was left out for a while.
I would give this 3 and a half stars, but with as flavorful as the food was and how excited my friend was to come here I rounded up.
I will definitely be back soon and am expecting to be able to give it a higher score next time.

Today I met a friend at Padre's for lunch.
First off, I have to give a shout out to those working the patio today.
Wow - exceptional customer service.
Several people came by our table including the owner to refill drinks and check on us.
They were smiley and personable.
We started with salsa and chips.
Growing up in NM, all restaurants serve chips and salsa at no cost.
It is always hard for me to break open the wallet for this however today I arrived early and I was really hungry.
The mild and medium salsas were bland however the spicy salsa hit the spot.
Some ladies to the side of us ordered the queso with chorizo.
I was quite jealous as I heard them oohing and ahhing over the appetizer.
I ordered the fish tacos and my friend had the chicken tacos.
Both were yummy and reasonably priced.
Off their special lunch menu, beans and rice are extra.
Again, I am not used to having to pay extra for these.
On the plus side they were very good.
It's been a few years since I went visited this place and I'm pretty sure I'll be going back sooner than later.
Especially to sit on the nice patio outside during the cool Phoenix months.

I hope you enjoy this restaurant as much as I did!
I've had Mexican Food in the best restaurants in Mexico City, & hands down Padre's lives up to it's reputation of being one of the best Mexican restaurants in Phoenix.
The food is spicy but not so hot that you have to drink gallons of libations just to put the fire out...
Although every one boasts about their Margaritas, I tried out the Sangria, it was so good that I had ordered a second...
I will definitely go back!

Just as expected, 5 stars this time.
I came here with three other friends on New Years Day and we were seated promptly.
The entire staff, from the manager, to host, to bartenders were extremely friendly and welcoming.
Our server was exceptionally great, offered a variety of recommended items and explained the new items on the menu.
We started out with margaritas and chips with guacamole; a delicious way to start a meal might I add.
At Chico's request, I had the West Coast Burrito.
Now I mean this in the most positive way possible, but I think whomever it was that came up with this concoction must have been high at the time.
It was a tortilla stuffed with amazingness.
Shrimp, carne asada, avocado, chipotle sauce, FRENCH FRIES....
It was sssoooo good.
Everything went together perfectly.
I might go back later today to order it again today!

Come hungry.
The plates are big and full of tasty goodness.
I like to share with friends if possible.
The food is spicy but not so spicy that I find it overwhelming.
Most items comes drizzled with a bit of crema which makes me happy.
They have items like duck enchiladas which you won't find just anywhere.
Plus their drinks are top notch without being too sweet.

Enjoyed my first visit to Padre's during lunch this afternoon.
Seems like it would be a great happy hour spot since the bar is pretty cool.
Overall the place is pretty small and not much going on, but they serve great food.
The staff was great, good suggestions and personality from both the waiter and waitress that helped us.
I ordered a beef burrito with red sauce -- perfect amount of kick.
Like most Mexican places, the lunch portions were too big.
I couldn't come close to finishing and really needed a recliner after.
I'll definitely go back when I'm downtown...

I am lucky enough to live right around the corner from this CenPho favorite and it is truly one of the best things about living in Central Phoenix.
This is a great place to bring out of town guests for a unique Phoenix experience- not at all your typical chain restaurant food.
I don't think I have ever had anything there that wasn't above my expectations.
I have gone for special occasions, out of towners, or just lunch with friends.
Any time of day is great and the food is consistently awesome.
The sweet potaoe fries rock and my all time fave is the lobster quesadilla's- yummm!
Can't say enough good stuff about this local fave.

I've been to Padre's several times with local friends and have always enjoyed the food and atmosphere.
This time my table mates included my brother and sister-in-law who were visiting from the east coast.
And who do they always count on for recommending awesome places to eat while in town?
Yup...me.
The pressure was on.
From the opening appetizers of guacamole, salsa, chips, and margaritas to our main dishes, the food was great.
The staff was extremely friendly, including our waiter Chico who kept us laughing.
I am normally a Salmon Spinach Enchiladas guy but decided to go out of my comfort zone with the West Coast Burrito.
Strange combination but it really works well together.
And what did my out-of-town guests think about Padre's?
Loved it.

Went with the Groupon, but with low expectations.
I've learned that most Mexican restaurants in Phoenix are underwhelming, and that if I want good Mexican, I must head further south.
We arrived and got chips and salsa.
It came with 3 homemade sauces, all better than the next one.
We couldn't pick our favorite.
For dinner, I had the carne adobada.
It's the pork, with rice and beans, and some lettuce and tomato, all served over a giant tortilla.
It was out of this world.
Some of the best adobada I've ever had.
The GF had duck tacos.
They were really good as well.
She loved them, as well as the rice and beans with them.
Margaritas were also very good.
Padres' made themselves 2 fans, and we'll be definitely going back.
Finally a great Mexican restaurant is found in Phoenix!
FYI: they have a much simpler happy hour and lunch menus.
Also, we went on Saturday, and they had a decent salsa band playing, so if you want some salsa music with your meal, go on Saturday night!

I have never been here before until a few days ago.
I came here based on a really good Groupon offer and it had pretty good ratings on Yelp.
I knew it was a hole in the wall, but I was surprised by the location.
The restaurant looks awfully small from the outside, but it has a very "modern" and neoclassical look on the inside.
On the outside, I would not take a date here, but on the inside I would!
I went with a friend and we decided we wanted to make the most out of our Groupon, so we got cerviche as an appetizer.
I love the tangy and lime taste from cerviche, and this dish did not disappoint.
I was looking at the menu, and chips and salsa is $2.
I think that is the only negative, but cerviche and chips was good enough for me.
We got chicken burritos with red and green sauce on the side.
It was absolutely delicious.
A major winner for me was the usage of clean white chicken.
The service staff was incredibly friendly and helpful during our visit.
I will definitely make another trip out here in the near future.

Met a friend here for happy hour after work on a Thursday.
We sat at the bar and ordered nearly everything off the happy hour menu: Pork sliders, pork tacos, Mexican street tacos and Nachos.
Rum Punch for me and G&T for him.
Later added a Cornoa and another G&T.
Even later, added a coffee w/Baileys and the apple something rather dessert.
I'd go back five times a day every single day for the pork sliders - holy cow yum!
Food was fresh & colorful which is always a bonus on top of just being delicious.
Service was super fun & friendly.
Didn't venture out of the bar, but the atmosphere was great.
Will hit Padre's again soon, for sure.

Like many other reviewers, we tried Padre's because of a Groupon.
Wait staff was competent, and our drinks stayed mostly full.
We had the calamari as an appetizer: very overpriced at $10.95, I liked the flavor (its got a little chili mixed in with the breading).
I like one of the three dipping sauces, and my wife liked a different one.
When the waitress asked if we liked it, my wife indicated it was greasy and chewy.
She apologized, but not really convincingly.
For entrees, I had the garlic shrimp tacos and my wife had the "Tia's Enchiladas" with spinach and cheese.
My tacos were 3 small tacos with a decent amount of shrimp, cilantro, lettuce, and a pineapple salsa.
They weren't bad, but were not very garlicy.
My wife's enchiladas were good, nothing special.
The ever-present sides of refried beans were typical of the variety, and the rice was well done with good flavor.
Contrary to some other reviews, I would have called the plate sizes ordinary and not "huge".
For desert, my wife and I were going to split the banana epanadas with brandy caramel, but asked for it to be served without the brandy, as my wife has a severe alcohol allergy.
The server checked with the manager and said they could do it, but that the caramel would lose a lot of its flavor without the brandy, and said it all burned off in the cooking.
Well, from experience, my wife and I know it isn't true (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_common_misconceptions#Food_and_cooking), so we asked for it anyway.
Then the server went to place the order and the cooks said the brandy was pre-mixed with the caramel.
We cancelled the desert order.
It was a bit frustrating that the manager didn't know how the dishes were prepped in the kitchen.
Overall, it was typical mexican food with a "modern" take (apparently if you put pineapple salsa on shrimp tacos and a fancy swirl of sauce on the enchiladas its "modern") -- personally, there are much better Mexican restaurants in town.

My favorite Mexican restaurant.
It's NOT the kind that serves the slop bucket side of rice & refried pinto beans with 1lb of melted 3 cheese blend on it.
My parents were visiting AZ and went here twice in 1 week.

The only reason I give this place a 3 star is cause our waiter was awesome.
It was near closing time but he still served us & gave us his recommendations on the menu as if he had all the time in the world.
The food wasn't as great as the menu and the other reviews made it sound.

After driving by this place about a million times I finally remembered it when the old "Where shall we go to eat" question came up and I am now definitely a fan.
I asked the server (Chico - he was great and seemed to really love working there) about his recommendations and tried the Salmon Spinach Enchilada which will be difficult to move on from when I go back.
It was absolutely amazing and I tried my hardest to finish my plate.
Only reason I did not give this place five stars is that the ambiance in the back room was a bit lacking.
It was more cafeteria-styled and just not very warm and inviting.
Regardless, I know that I will be back and definitely introduce this place to out of town guests!

One of my New favorite places.
Went on a Saturday very loud with live music but good.
The food was great The chicken burrito I had was amazing I loved the extreame taste of lime I got from the chicken.
Tried to go back the following Saturday and the wait was almost an hour & their parking lot was paked.
So if you plan to go on a Saturday night it may be best to have reservations.

There is so many mexican restaurants in town.
But, this is far and above one of the better ones.
This is not cheap rice and beans and melted cheese every where!
They take great fresh meats and ingredients and make a wonderful product.
The pulled pork here is to die for.
I have eaten here several times and it keeps getting better.
The service is top notch.
HINT: They have one of the best happy hours in town!

Pollo Relleno.. so amazing!
(The plate is enough for two so bring a friend or come hungry (and thirsty ;) The plate came as: chicken breast stuffed with poblano chiles, caramelized onion, corn and goat cheese finished with poblano cream sauce.
Delicious!!
Don't forget to try their calamari!
Friday evenings, live music and great fun.

My third time here, but the first as a Yelper.
Buddy and I hit PMM up for lunch, with a restaurant.com gift cert offering $25 off, minimum purchase of $35 required.
He had the "Combo Plate" which came with a nice chunk of real steak, a crispy ground beef taco, a cheese enchilada, beans, and rice.
He enjoyed it all.
Nice portion and all of it tasted good.
I had the Rib-eye soft tacos.
They were top notch.
The beef was obviously grilled and had some charred flavor to it.
Salsa, with a green and a red, and chips, light and crispy, were excellent.
I like this place.
Priced a little higher than most, but so is the taste.

$2 tacos is always the best way to get me to try your food!!!
Fantastic idea....if only the service, food and prices were as fantastic.
We were a party of 8; but only two of us arrived early.
So we sampled the avocado mousse before everyone got there.
It was different, creamy and a little cilantro maybe, but something was not right so we ordered the Guacamole that is Hecho en Mexico.
It was worse!
Mushy frozen avocados with pico de gallo mixed in.
The salsa verde was delicious though!
The red salsa was just ok.
Tasted fresh out of a jar but absolutely loved the chips!
The food was priced much too high for the quality and service.
They lack consistency; my first fish taco was served with 4 tiny pieces of fish, and then my second was served with at least 4 times that amount.
The fideo was delicious, but the cheese in it was a little too much.
I will definitely have to give this place another try, but ouch $12 for enchiladas?
Even with the fusion of mexican food I'm having trouble seeing myself there for any other day than $2 tacos day.
Especially when the server argues about the bill (even after i asked her to keep my tab separate due to ATM card only).
On a much worse note: she tried to leave the charges for 4 bills that had already been paid on our receipt; and balked when we asked for an updated bill.
TOO FUNNY.

We went here the Saturday night after seeing the Fabulous Amy perform her stand up routine at Doc's Place.
As soon ad we walked in at 10 until we left around 11 we were surrounded by friends, be it the staff or patrons of the bar itself.
Everyone danced while the band played until close.
We even got to see the owner take a dance with a tiny little old lady.
To be honest, I don't have a pallet for Mexican food, until that fateful Saturday night.
The food was SO GOOD.
Especially the Cilantro Mousse chip dip.
I will be returning soon to enjoy all that is Padre's: food, music, drinks and fun.

Padres is a hidden gem in my opinion.
Its a tiny spot that comes off like a hole in the wall mexican place.
If it weren't for the large neon signs at night one could easily miss this place!
We sat outside in the patio and enjoyed the breezy atmosphere.
It felt like we weren't in Phoenix anymore!
We got there for happy  hour and tried their house margaritas.
For $3.50 they were quite delicious!
My gf also liked the house mojito.
We started with some chips and guacamole.
The guacamole was very good, nothing unique, but still tasted freshly made.The waiter was very helpful in describing the house specialties and his favorite dishes.
I liked that the menu had a modern twist to all the basics.
We ordered off the happy hour menu and split the fish tacos and the chicken pesto pizza on a crispy tortilla.
The tacos were excellent but my favorite was the pizza!
This thing was loaded and easily could have fed two people alone!
I will definitely be back with friends for happy hour!

We dropped in for dinner; excellent service.
The mojito was also very good - left me wanting another!
BUT DH didn't enjoy his Kobe burger - the ciabatta bun was too dense to enjoy the tender beef...
They don't yet have a kids' menu, and the burrito we "special ordered" for our son didn't live up to expectations - we asked for guacamole and sour cream (among other things) and it contained neither.
Bah!
Also, I'm told there was an "inappropriate" picture in the men's room, if you're planning to take your kids to the toilet.
Overall a disappointing visit - almost entirely due to problems w/ the food.
Not good if you're in the business of feeding people!

OMG!
Just tried this restaurant for the first time.
Tuesdays are $2 tacos.
I tried the fish tacos and they were definitely the BEST in the Valley!
I also asked for a "cup" of Fideo Soup.
When they brought it to me I corrected them that I had requested a "cup.
" The waiter replied, "This IS our "cup!
' It was a BOWL!
When I tasted it, tears came to my eyes as it tasted just like my Mom made it .
Being Hispanic and eating true Mexican food is a joy where you want to return over and over again.
Rossana G.  P.S.
The mojitos were wonderful!
YUMMY!

I went a few nights ago with friends and we had really good food and our waitress was excellent!
There was a live band playing music and people dancing inside.
We sat outside on the patio so that we could have a conversation.
The music was a little loud.
I will be back!

Totally yummy!!
Awesome service, great drinks and the food was perfect.
3rd night in Phoenix and we hit a winner!
Chips served with this wonderful cilantro type spread started then we shared the duck tacos and short rib tacos.
I think I liked the short ribs the best.
The service was so nice, vibe was good and the food was very tasty.
Not sure when we'll get down to Phoenix again but if we do, I'm definitely going back!

Chico DE mayo you are a rock star!!!!
Great service, great drinks, great food.
Thanks for taking the time to explain the menu and entertain us.
Thanks to the Biltmore for the referral.
Our party of 5 had an awesome meal and time.
This is not your every day on every block Mexican food !
!Whenever I come back from Montana I will be bringing my friends to Padre's

This place was a mixed bag.
I went here for my brother's going away party last night.
The restaurant itself is nothing too nice looking, just kind of a standard restaurant.
I didn't like that they charge for chips and salsa, and that they only brought out one bowl of chips and one little plate with three salsas on it, when we had a party of about 10.... kind of stingy.
The salsas were good, though, especially the tomatillo salsa.
My brothers got the ceviche and said it was good, I tried it and was not a fan, but I'm not a fan of ceviches in general so I can't really evaluate it.
I ordered the pollo relleno.
This was really tasty.
It was a chicken breast stuffed with goat cheese, corn, and peppers.
It had a good green sauce too.
The mashed potatoes it came with were weird tasting and the veggies were nothing special.
I also tried my dad's steak with chimichuri sauce... it was ok, but nothing special and I would not order that.
I tried the carne adobada and didn't think that was so great... it tasted alright, but the sauce was not so great.
I also tried the west coast burrito.
(I tried a bunch... big family, you know?
) The burrito was pretty good.
I would come back for the salsa verde and the pollo relleno, especially if they offer another groupon.
I think the place can be very good, if you order the right thing.

Padres is by far the best place for margaritas, guacamole and atmosphere.
I haven't tried anything on the menu I don't like.
The staff here is amazing as well.
They are so friendly and helpful.
They remember what I like to eat/drink but always recommend other great options.
If you don't already try this place once your crazy!

WAY overrated.
Very bland food.
Will not return.
I guess I'll just have to take my parochial taste buds back to my home town, Hermosillo, Mexico, and see if I can educate myself on real Mexican food.
I was sure I wouldn't return but now I'm sure I'll spread the word that this place is owned by disrespectful, and tactless individuals.
The service was perfect, just work on the seasoning.

Great food!
As someone who is Mexican and has experienced good authentic Mexican food, this place was great, try their house special, the stuffed chicken breast.
Only complaint, a but pricey, most  dishes over $9.

This place is over priced and the service is horrible.
I went there with my feiends and the server was very rude and degrading!

I'm a huge fan of Padre's!
What food I've tried (I mainly just order tacos or their pork sliders usually) is delicious, the bartenders are awesome, and the owners are always friendly!
One of my favorite things to do: Order two tacos and half a bowl of guacamole with chips and salsa.

The food is just what the name implies - excellent mexican with a modern flare.
The place doesn't inspire confidence upon arrival... tight parking, more of a bar appearance than a restaurant.
The menu's don't look like much either and when we say that they charge for chips and salsa we almost left.
We were glad we didn't.
Their barteneder makes great drinks, the appitizers were excellent, my wife had chicken taco's that were "fine" (can't really do much with chicken tacos imo), I had the "Obama Burrito".
I hate the name but it was superb - pork with just the right combination of spice and sweetness... really excellent.
The food, combined with service that was far above par makes this a must return.

tried this place due to a restaurant.com gift certificate, 4 stars for service, we had an awesome and attentive server which made it great for first visit.
drinks were good.
went with friends and did some sharing to try the different dishes we ordered.
the salmon quesadillas was on the fishy side, the pollo relleno good but a little dry and didnt get the poblano and goat cheese flavors that drew me to choosing the dish, the cilantro mousse sounded more interesting on the menu but was cream cheese and cilantro, the Obama burrito was the winner on our table though.
great salsa.
would come back and try other dishes and tae in some live music.

I've had this groupon for Padre's that had been burning a hole in my pocket for a long time!
Finally as it neared expiration date I ventured into Phoenix to try it out.
It's a cute little restaurant with a really cool red door!
FYI - there's a check-in deal here!
$.01 margarita!
Mmhmm you saw that right!
Certainly not the best I have had by any means but you can't really go wrong for that price right?
After ordering our drinks we decided to splurge on an appetizer so we started out with the Queso Fundido.
I was so excited about it because hey it should be all about the cheese and as a Wisconsin boy, I'm all about it!
Unfortunately it was more about the spinach and not so much about the queso - it tasted really good, just missing a lot of the main ingredient in my opinion...
He ordered the Mexico City Fajitas!
Really well cooked chicken, with the right amount of everything!
Super good!
I ordered the Pollo Rellano.
The chicken (as in the previous dish) was really well cooked but was lacking on the stuffed part.
So it was good - just nothing wow worthy.
My dish came with side of guajillo mashed potatoes - which look like a pile of mashed sweet potatoes - I personally wasn't a huge fan of the taste but as usual I'll finish my plate anyway :)  The service was pretty good, it was just a very laid back environment, which I wasn't really expecting for some reason.
I'm not dying to go back by any means but if someone wanted to try it out I would go again!

Ever since I moved to AZ all I want to eat is Taco's.
It took 5 months for me to wander a little down to the street to find out what Padre's was all about but I'm glad I did.
They've been open for 7 years, and in that industry, that says A LOT.
The happy menu is awesome.
Usually happy hour menus have 5 things you don't like and 1 you're ok with.
This one, I could choose from many things, but was very happy to see fish and carne asada street tacos on the list, as well as mojitos and margeritas.
The bf and I got fish and carne asada tacos and some drinks and they were tasty, the price was right, the service was friendly.
I'm definitely going here more often for HH.

I ate at Padre's for the first time last night and it was a wonderful surprise.
Although I was born and raised in Phoenix I'm not always a huge fan of Mexican food unless I'm really in the mood:  it can be so heavy and lack variety that it just doesn't always sound good.
Padre's really is different in that regard.
Even if you prefer healthy, "green" kinds of meals you'll do very well here.
Notable were the salmon spinach enchiladas, the chile verde soup, the Sedona salad (which won over a friend who "doesn't like" Mexican food) and the special plate of shrimp in tequila butter lime sauce.
These were all eaten either by me or my companions and well-loved.
Also notable were the Happy Hour margaritas which were still made with Sauza Gold (not top shelf but still way better than standard well tequila) and cost $3.50.
The staff was uber-friendly and the service was great.
Slight complaints were that the guacamole was virtually free of spice and heat--I mean not even a flavor of mild chiles--and the prices were a bit high.
All in all though, totally worth your trip.

Haven't ever had a bad meal here!
I love the combo plate and another delicious meal is the salmon enchiladas!
MMMmmmm makes me hungry as I type this!
Love the staff and owner, great place all around!

I was so pleasantly surprised by the menu at Padres after being sent there by the Volkswagon service department up the road.
I was driving cross country with my boyfriend when the check engine light came on so we had to stop and it was just in time for lunch.
We ordered guacamole and chips which came with three types of salsa.
I had the palin salmon salad, which was cooked just right and had a perfect amount of mexican seasoning for a salad dish.
My boyfriend got the obama burrito, which was extremely tasty and huge!
All I can say is, I wish Padres was near where I live now!

So I can't rate the food as yet; since, I'm still waiting for service after 20 minutes.
Our waitress was really fast to get our drink order,but when we were ready to order she ignored us.
When we finaaly did get her attention and mentioned the service was less than we hoped for all she could say was they were a little busy.
But I doubt she'll be so busy when it is time to give us the check and collect her tip...what tip?

I recently collaborated with Denny and his son Cole on a special event for Get Your PHX.
They came up with a wonderful menu using two challenging ingredients, nopales and mesquite flour, that was very popular with the crowd.
Everything I've ever eaten there has been delicious and I'll surely send people there when asked about a good place for Mexican food!

1 free penny margarita with check in with Yelp is pretty awesome, but the free drink was not enough for some in the group to gloss over the somewhat pricey options and mediocre food.

I've been to Padre's about 4 times and it is always consistently delicious and the atmosphere is fun and lively.
And you have to love the $0.01 margarita just for checking in!
If you are a fan of Carne Adobada, you will absolutely love the way Padre's does theirs.
Flavorful, hearty, but not so spicy you can't enjoy the depth of the flavors.
The Tequilla Shrimp was awesome and if you really want something different, the West Coast Burrito is very tasty.
Our server was great, attentive and checked back with us often enough to make sure everything was OK, but didn't hover.
Great place, great location, great food, great margaritas!

The food was fantastic.
Ceviche was well prepared.
Chips were light, fresh, very good.
I had the had the West Coast (carne asada and shrimp burrito) it was large and extremely tasty.
Margaritas were alright, but not exceptional.
Service was top notch.
I highly recommend this place!

My girlfriend and I really like this place.
We have now been in probably 8 times in the past 1 1/2 years.
I have had a chance to try several different things and have only had one bad experience, and that was just due to my menu selection.
It was the "thoroughly modern burrito", which just wasn't what I was expecting and didn't seem to have a favorable flavor combo.
I have tried recommendations from the staff and have not been disappointed.
Chico is a very friendly and efficient server, and it can be real busy in there sometimes, but we haven't been neglected.
He recommended the West Coast Burrito for me on one visit.
It was fantastic and I have since had it on two more trips.
I also highly recommend the Clams Corona.
Great spciy flavor and served with bread to sop all the broth up.
Great margaritas too!

Plenty of food, fresh and good quality.
That is a good restaurant about.

Very poor customer service.
I had purchased a dealchicken for this restaurant to try it out and upon calling to see about using it for take out (which is not stipulated against in the fine print), they said they wouldn't honor it because they wouldn't make any money out of it.
They told me I am supposed to come in to have alcohol (which I can't because I"m pregnant), and that if they are just going to break even then it's not worth it.
Well actually I purchase these deals to try out new places that I could potentially be interested in, and by denying me because I don't want to come in by myself they are losing potential future business.
Very poor attitude from the owner himself.
In a down economy when you should be trying to get business in it isn't wise to be cheap and lose new customers because they don't want to break even.

I really love the food here.
Just have to say.
The fish tacos are the best in town, and the beans are yummy.
Happy hour special - beware - they are only available at the bar.
But the margaritas are top notch and the food is worth it.

Great fish tacos, love the atmosphere.

Padre's is a nice little Mexican place that has it's own spin on Mexican food.
It's not the standard fare that you will encounter at Macayo's or Manuel's.
Fresh food and a great menu.
The entrees are delicious.
I like the Padre's is a small place that has it's own charm.
There is a big bar area and dining as well.
I won't write too much more, so you'll be able to experience Padre's for yourself.
Enjoy!

O.M.G.... this place is the bomb!!
It's funny thinking how to describe the cusine.... it's like when you have an old sofa and finally put a new slipcover on it, making it look modern and fresh.
That's how the food is here...oh, no, it doesn't taste like an old sofa, I mean, they take old, traditional mexican recipes and prepare them with a modern twist....the result is a grastronamic delight!
We came here with a coupon from restaurant.com, but after eating here, I would gladly pay full price.
We started with some tinga on tostadas (shredded chicken breast in a chipotle sauce) mmmm..... so good!
The tinga was a lot lighter in flavor and heaviness then what I've had friends make for me (I have a lot of friends from Mexico) My husband had clams steamed in a corona lime sauce.....he said they were to die for!
My husband also ordered the duck breast tacos...I didn't order them because I just couldn't phathom that being good, but WHOA...I was wrong!
Not that I didn't love my dish (I had the mahi-mahi tacos) but, when I had a taste of his dish, never have I tasted anything so smokey and savory and absolutley wonderful!
It was not at all greasy, as I had imagined it would be, in fact, everything was light and delicious....I usually plan on coming out of Mexican restaurants feeling like a ton of bricks, with an inherent need to wash my face and hands.........not so here!
Now, the customer service also gets 5 stars!
We had a very attentive waitress who catered to our every need!
I can't have dairy products, so she had them specially make me a tostada without cheese and cream at no extra cost (I had forgot to mention it when we ordered the appetizers) Also, since I checked in on yelp, there was a .99 cent margarita offer.
It was only supposed to be for one, but she had no problems hooking us up with two for that price!
We didn't even ask, all we asked was how many margaritas the offer was good for!
Awesome girl!!
(and trust me, those margaritas were soooooooo good, we would have paid full price for those too....)  I can't wait to come back here for round two!
Definitely wanna check out their happy hour, and the live Salsa Music they have on Friday and Saturday nights.... Ay Padre, me encantó!

We asked a friend to pick a local-owned place for lunch.
Holy Cow!
Padre's exceeded all expectations.
We arrived earlier than our friend, and it being our first time, I was surprised that 3 people greeted us as if we were regulars.
Everyone was so friendly and ready to assist us.
Needing more information, our server very happily helped us with deciding what to have.
When our friend arrived, they already knew his favorite drink and offered it almost as soon as he sat down.
The "Cuban style Pulled Pork" torta was Fantastic!
Because we had the chips and salsa, half of the sandwich and sweet potato fries came home with us.
Later, it made a thoroughly delicious dinner too!
We look forward to going back, it was such a great experience.

Denny and Cole are the best hosts ever!
The margaritas are delish and you can get one for $.01 for checking in on Yelp.
I always get the fideo, chips and guacamole.
Everything I've had there is really good.
Also, the live music on Friday nights is way fun.

This place is absolutely amazing!!!
It takes awhile to get your food, but so worth the wait.
Check in.
and get a .01¢ margarita!!!
The staff clearly love there jobs, and s2r super friendly.

2 and a 1/2.
I hate to give it a 2 but I could not justify it for being nice and clean and friendly.
One thing I will say is that I expected a lot more from them based on location and a friend's suggestion and that might be why I am so underwhelmed.
We started with the cilantro mousse since it was shown on the menu that you did not receive complementary chips and salsa.
(Boooo Hisss).
The cilantro mousse was not a mousse it was whipped cream cheese and it was poorly whipped.
Big chunks of cream cheese in it that made it hard to dip.
The chips came without being salted??!!!
I had to order the Obama Burrito.
I say I "had to" because that is the only thing that I was interested in at the time and felt stupid ordering an "Obama" burrito.
There was nothing in the burrito that justified it being an Obama Burrito.
Just a jump on the, lets be hip and political band wagon name.
I did let the server know this and he did agree it needed to be changed.
So that will hopefully change with a new menu.
The burrito was ok ,its' flavors all melded together and besides the hot peppers that they had in the sautéed onion and pepper mixture nothing really popped.
Pork was meh.
It had huge chunks of fat in it and not in a good way.
These were large inch cubed pieces.
I think I found over four in the burrito which I think is a problem.
The place has potential a great location nice staff and owner.
Just needs some work before I would go back.
Oh yea ...And if that is the owners Smokey and the Bandit Trans Am in the parking lot we are soooo jealous!

We went here the end of November.
Excellent!
The Cilantro chicken soup with jalapeños as an app was delicious along with grilled chicken tacos as an entree.
Would definitely recommend to all.

Stopped in for dinner a few weekends ago, been looking for a reason to give them a try.
Started with a carne quesadilla, the wife and I shared a pork burrito and an order of their cheese and spinach enchiladas.
I think the quesadilla would have been better as chicken, the carne was a little chewy, but then again - that is the way some people prefer carne.
The pork burrito was excellent and the enchiladas were top notch also.
I skipped the chips and salsa since they were an added few $ - Im glad I did because the rest of the meal was filling.
I loved the flavor of the rice as well as the beans.
I wouldn't really call them the best ive ever had though; we do live in Phoenix.
The rice and beans capitol of the world if im not mistaken.
There's a few options here for all you bargain shoppers out there.
Theres a margarita yelp check-in offer as well as a restaurant - com coupon you can pickup; however, you can't use them in combination with each other.
We picked up a $25 off $35 which is an excellent option for two - ended up leaving at just under $20 with tip.

This was the best Mexican we had for the price.
Clearly a local place and not fancy.
They bring you three different salsas which were a great start.
The waitress recommended the california burrito ... WOW!
My wife had a great fish taco platter and our nine year old became a true Mexican food eater.
As far as the margaritas???
Awesome!

I was craving Mexican food the day before Cinco de Mayo and yelped a few places in my zip code.
Found this place- I have been here before but only for a few drinks.
Walked in and instantly was feeling the vibe of the place by their band playing some Santana.
Got me in the mood for good food and ambiance.
Started off with a margarita and it did not disappoint little tart and just right.
As an app we started off with a 1/2 order of guac which was perfect for just the 2 of us and the queso dip, which was tasty but had chorizo on top (I don't eat meat).
It was mentioned on the menu but I guess I over looked that part.
Service was prompt and friendly, and we we're really enjoying the live music.
I ordered the lazy enchiladas which were soooo good.
It came with beans and some really flavorful rice that was so delish.
The enchiladas came with a verde salsa that was really good also.
By the time I finished my 1st one I was so full from my whole meal.
Over all I really enjoyed my meal from start to finish.
Our bill was around $50 for 2 alcoholic drinks 2 apps and 2 entrees.
Seemed just perfect to me.
I will def be back!

One of my reps brought me here for lunch today.
We had chips n guac.
The guacamole was great, as were the assorted salsas.
He recommended the duck tacos.
I give the tacos 4 stars.. because I love duck.. and tacos.
The combination of the two is genius.
Beans and rice were bleh.
Not a whole lot of flavor there.
Our waitress was kind of a snatch.
All in all a good time-

The food and the staff is awesome.
Greatly will be missed.
Thanks for 8 years of fun.
Huey

I hear that Padre's is closing tomorrow.
I went a few months agao and didn't review it yet so here goes :o)  The  Mojito I got was okay but I've had better.
The guac and chips were ordinary.
Service was excellent and I didn't have enough food to really review it but with all the other similar restaurants around it doesn't shock me that they don't get enough business.
It's just not that memorable or different.
Sorry!

My favorite is the chicken pesto!
I love this place.
Their food is great, the owner is friendly and says hi to all the patrons and the staff is awesome!
I definitely come here as often as possible for lunch since it is really near my office.
Although I haven't been here in several months, is it true it closed?

Closed

Padres was one of a kind and truly will be missed.
Lunchtime was a mixture of mechanics on camelback to foreign counsel/government types and everyone between.
Dinner customers were locals, out of town family, guests visiting from hotels on business or vacation.
My favorite items were, Duck Tacos, Clams Corona, West Coast Burrito, Cuban Sliders, Carne Adobada, Beer battered fish tacos,  of course margaritas and beers with tequila shots to back it up!
Padres rocked for the following reasons,  1.
Sit at the bar and enjoy company of the bartender and people around you while having a meal or happy hour food/drinks.
Bring a date/girlfriend and sit on the patio or dining room for a great meal.
Happy Hour on hi top tables with coworkers and friends sharing carne tacos, sliders, nachos, and having some margs!
Bring a big group and take over the patio (weather permitting)  Obviously I spent many nights at Padres and haven't found a place quite like it.
There's nowhere in central that has the same energy or funky atmosphere.
What a gem..... guess I have to hangout at the concrete, stainless steel, glass, shiny new places now.

My husband and I have been here several times and even took the In-Laws once.
(For Happy Hour $2.99 Margaritas that are delicious and not watered down.
) Also, their tacos!
Whether it is fish, pork, or steak - the tacos are so, so good.
Plus, they are only $5 during Happy Hour, which is a steal.
Normally we'd order the Obama burrito with red sauce to split.
Definitely enough to share, but you'll probably want to growl at anyone who tries to take a bite from your plate.
Unfortunately, Padre's closed doors in June and will be sorely missed.

Good margaritas for happy hour and a great spinach and cheese burrito!

