Some of the best food I've ever eaten.
The portions are huge, so don't eat anytime before you go.
You pick your food out and they cook it right in front of you, plus there is always soup and rice and pineapple to have on the side.
You get a drink included.
It's packed on weekend nights, especially since there's a classic car show right out front.

YC's is great food.
You get to fill up your bowl with all the ingredients you like and watch it be cooked right in front of you.
The ingredients are always fresh and there is a wide variety of sauces.
Good meal for vegans, plus the soft-serve is vegetarian too!

I found Y.C.
's Mongolian BBQ to be decent, but not great.
I'd go back, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
That said, it's pretty good for Asian food in the greater Phoenix area.
I've noticed a trend when it comes to people rating Asian food on Yelp!
Those people from the area seem to rate the food much better than those people that are transplants.
I was excited to try this place because it was a "mongolian bbq," however it doesn't hold a candle to the B.D.
's Mongolian BBQ in Royal Oak, MI where I'm originally from.

My parents would love this place.
What I mean by that is that they live in a small town, so the build your own, watch them cook it is something different than what's offered in smaller towns.
For me, it was fun the first time.
The second time, there's really nothing special about it.
Take your big appetite friends, it's a good value for the amount of food you can have made.

I just love this place.
The ingredients are high quality, and the fresh grilled taste is amazing.
The concept is simple - you load up a bowl with all the goodies you love (beef, chicken, celery, green peppers, noodles, etc...) and they grill it for you on the spot.
Large bowl with a drink and sides is only $9.
This is one of the most healthy deals I have experienced for lunch.
Lucky for us there are several locations valleywide.

Tuesday night and you don't feel like cooking?
Head over to YC's.. fresh and tasty on the cheap!
It's so much fun to because YOU control almost every aspect of your bowl.. mine is usually so full its toppling onto the tray.. there are just enough choices to keep me interested in coming back next time thinking, I wonder how that'll taste?

Tried this for dinner again last night...
This is such a good, healthy meal and at such a reasonable price.
The ingredients are so fresh and the experience of getting it right off the grill is really cool.
Dinner was exactly $10 each and included the drink, tax, etc...
The atmosphere here is nice for $10 meals.
Lunch and dinner rush can get a little hectic.

This place is great, all you can eat including a drink and frozen yogurt for $11 is hard to beat.
Everything looked fresh and none of the toppings looked like they had been sitting for more than a few minutes.
Cooking time is short and you can go back as often as possible.
Highly recomend for a quick bite that is good and filling

It has been several months but I hadn't lost the formula (80/10/10 - veggies, meat, noodles).
Pat down some chicken-turkey (no taste difference as far as I can tell) with the wax paper.
Load up with mostly veggies (more green than red or white), add some wheat noodles to fill the bowl to the brim.
Follow with the sweet and sour mix but add some extra vinegar and orange sauce.
Add some pineapple and all set to have it grilled.
Fill a small bowl with peanuts and another small bowl with pineapple.
Fill the large red plastic drinking vessel with ice and low cal lemonade.
Then chow down...  My formula has more or less stayed the same since being introduced to YC's by Mike T and/or Erik T.  Both took different approaches and none tasted like the other despite selecting choices from the same line.
Amazing how three related people ended up with very different meals especially Erik T with cod fish and Mike T with who knows what kind of sauces except they were very dark.

I asked a CSR at Home Depot where I should eat and he tells me "you've got to try this Mongolian BBQ next door.
" I'm a little skeptical, but it was late and I was starving so I thought "what the heck".
What a pleasant surprise!
I was greeted by the friendliest hostess who explained the whole concept to me.
So as I go to pay, I tell her I'd like a soda with it and she tells me soup, rice, entree, bevarage and dessert are included for $10!
Oh my gosh, what a deal!
She then walked me through the whole process right to the point of handing my concoction to the fellow that was going to cook it.
Unlike what I had anticipated, she encouraged me to add MORE stuff... she wanted to make sure I got enough to eat.
I mixed it all with the Calcutta Curry and it came out great.
Be careful though, the first several bites are steaming hot!
Flavor was very good and I was a happy camper.
The Manager, Peter (very nice guy), took time to sit with me and talk about the concept and make sure I was happy with my meal.
All in all I would really recommend trying this.
Such a great concept, plentiful and good food, priced right and very friendly staff.

My friend KP loves this restaurant.
...he's the guy who can clap 12 times in one second.
Very impressive.
Anyway, he knows a thing or two about Mongolian Grill, and I have to agree with him on this one.
What's not to like about YC's?
Who would hate on this place?
Affordable, tastey, comfortable, fast.
That KP clearly know what he's talking about.

I have a soft spot in my heart for YC's.
I used to go there all the time on my way home from ASU.
I, like many others, have my special concoction.
All veggies no sauce, mostly broccoli, shrooms, water chestnuts, and baby corn.
The best trick i use is to line your bowl with the crunchy wontons before they ladle your cooked food in to it!
It tastes so good, but I am one to like soggy cereal!
Also, they'll cook without oil if you prefer, which I always ask!

I have been here a couple of times for Lunch.
At first I had no idea why my friends were telling me to pack the meat so tightly into the bowl.
I soon found out when we got to the huge scorching hott metal "grill?
wok?
" whatever it is my food came out delicious.
The portions you get for 7 or 8 bucks are colossal!
I'm talking Lunch, Dinner and a late night snack.......MMMM good

Been here for Pavillion's car show before.
GREAT Mongolian.
Love the recipes feature, love the atmosphere, cleanliness, the workers, the food is amazing and so filling, you always take home leftovers which are always great.
Definately a great place to eat.
Be sure to try the wheat noodles and the brown rice.
Their sauces are SO good whether you follow the recipes or not.
It's nice to have the wheat-based options too.

A new experience, in the end it was nasty, sauces were bland, and had massive diarrhea after wards.
RATING: GARBAGE!

I know I only have myself to blame, because I've ate at Flattop Grill in Chicago which is the same concept - except it was like $15 all you can eat whereas this place was a little more.
(Somehow whatever I make at these places doesn't come out very well!
)  Anyway, the concept is cool, but its not worth the premium charge they put on the options there.
I'd rather just go to a buffet that has something like this so its optional and its not your whole meal - and you can eat other things that doesn't come out all sucky.

I work right down the street from YC's, but strangely it took me almost 2 years to actually try it out.
I am glad I did!
For $8 (including tax!
) you can pile your bowl high with meat, veggies and noodles, then you get to play chef and make up your own sauce.
I always have leftovers to take home for another meal which is a bonus.
The price also includes a drink, won ton chips, soup and rice if you like.
The food always appears fresh, which is a major plus.
The only downside to this place, is if you hit it during a rush, you might have to wait awhile to get your food cooked....but it is worth the wait!

The food is so fresh and you have sooo many options to customize your own bowl.
If you don't like it its your own fault since you made it lol.
So much food for your buck.
and it can be pretty healthy if you use the fresh veggies and you dont pack your bowl  with all noodles.
Hot tip: add a few shrimp for $1!!
My bf loves it since he is into the whole caveman thing and likes triple meat and they dont have a meat limit or charge extra for it.
Restaurant is always very clean.
Would recommend to everyone.
That whole shopping area is kind of dying out but this is its best kept secret.
Hopefully yc's is here to stay!

I get really excited about YC's Mongolian BBQ.
I love the concept, prices, and how quick it is on a busy night.
They also help you choose your sauces which can be rather confusing if you dont know what you are doing.
I am a picky eater so it is nice that i get to pick everything that goes into my bowl.
Also, you really get a ton of food.
No complaints, well maybe that there isnt one close to me.
Check it out!

Ate at this restaurant Saturday november 14 and had my leftovers on Sunday november 15.
Tuesday morning I woke up violently ill and could not hold in food or fluids all day tuesday.
Went to the urgent care tuesday evening and they promptly sent me to the ER to be treated for severe dehydration caused by "probably a food borne bacteria.
" I just finished my three day antibiotic course and am feeling much better, but now that I have had time to look at the facts and speak with the Maricopa County Department of Health, I can confidently say that my horrific three days of food poisoning were undoubtedly caused by YC's Mongolian Grill.
The fact that I was told someone else got a case of E.Coli with bloody stools just about a week before my poisoning really shored it up for me.
YC's is apparently serving tainted or contaminated food.
I would not recommend eating at this establishment.
I must also make it clear that my noodles which I took home were transported from the restaurant to my refrigerator (20 minutes) and kept in the refrigerator until they were microwaved and consumed.

Despite working about a mile away from this place for 7 years, I've never gone inside, mostly because I'm scared of places that are the only operational business in an entire plaza of empty stalls.
I always think they must be moving counterfeit Matchbox cars out the back door or something.
But, I was at Pavilions for the car show and we decided to go to this joint.
The hostess was super friendly, and set us up to go down the line.
Tons of raw meats, very cold or frozen, and tons of fresh veggies and sauces.
There is a huge board that tells you how to mix up various kinds of sauce.
You can really pack a lot of meat and toppings into those bowls, even if you get the "regular".
And don't worry about mounding it on there, because it all reduces when they cook it.
It is true that they throw water on the grill while cooking and I think this must temper the taste somewhat.
I put tons of garlic on mine and I barely tasted it when I got back to the table.
So, minus one star for that.
But I'd rather water than butter, which is what you get at some places.
The price includes a drink, rice, soup, and some different toppings they have available after your stuff is cooked.
We left stuffed and happy, so it's all good.

To start with this is place that isnt for those interested in the Ambiance,,, but for good food.
Ive been going to this location for well over 5 years now on saturdays while I visit the car show.
I have never had a bad episode concerning the quality of the food, the employees or anything that restrict my decision to eat here,  The people here are interested in you, they want you to return.
they guide you upon your initial visit unto how the process works.
Yes the food will cook and shrink down but there is  not limit to howe much you can put into your bowl.
they even offer wax papers to use to push your food down into the bowl.
The qualitty of the food is good.
I see them use gloves when handling food, I have seen the foods being stored in refrigeration unit.
and by the looks of the huge steaming grill they use with water to cook your food.
I could most definately say that its over 165 degree and I have never been sick.
Im confident you will enjoy this place.
and the leftovers are even great at 3am they treat you more than a client but are actually hospitible and freindly.

Just tried YC's for the first time and already know there will be a second and third times to come.
The staff showed me how it worked and I was amazed at the selection and just how much food could fit in the large bowl.
YC's is awesome!

Pretty typical Mongolian grill joint where they cook the food in front of you.
Large variety of tofu, meats, and vegetables to pile into your bowl.
Many different choices of sauces to pour over your items.
If you go for dinner, you will get soft serve ice cream to go with your meal.
Staff is pretty friendly and helpful.

My biggest tip for newbies to YC's, look toward the grill and look up.
There you will find a nice little menu of sauce formulas.
Unfortunately, I never looked up.
As a result, I didn't have enough sauce.
In my case, that was a good thing because the sauce I did have tasted like crap, so more of the same would have been even crappier.
As for the ingredients, lots of choices with fresh veggies.
I have to say the meat looked unappetizing to me.
In fact, I had to ask my husband what the hell it was.
I guess it's a good thing you don't see piles of freshly sliced meat, else it might not be so fresh after all.
But in its frozen to minus 500 degrees F state, I found I opted for more veggies.
Two sizes available.
I went with the large, crammed my bowl full until it resembled a small mountain, and then wasted over half of it.
So get the small unless you want leftovers or you haven't eaten in several days.

I was really impressed by the friendliness of the staff and the selection of proteins and veggies!
The part that didn't work so well?
The sauces.
Many were hard to get to and even harder to dip due to the height of the containers and the sneeze proof glass.
I made a total mess (but I cleaned it up too!
)Anyway, I didn't follow the "sauce guidelines" listed on the wall and just went rogue.
This wasnlt a good idea.
I ended up with a really bland, soupy mess.
TGFS (thank goodness for siracha) or this would have been a big waste.
The meat fish and veggies were great, but I made the mistake of adding wheat noodles- BLECH!
No taste and kinda gummy-kinda hard.
I would go back and stick with meat and veg and follow directions on the sauce cuz this place is clean and could be both healthy and tasty if done the right way.

I love the premise of Mongolian grills, but this one was just ok.
I have definitely had better, and think that the placement of the sauce combination cheat sheet could have been better.
(I didn't see it until I had already handed over my bowl for grilling).
Having been to other Mongolian grills, I was able to put together something tasty, but if I had actually gone by the sauce guideline board, I would have felt comfortable trying something different.
I went with veggie-only because I wasn't all that impressed with the meat presentation.
The meal was alright, nothing spectacular and nothing foul.
I'd give it a C-.

It's hard to rate this place because a good part of the responsibility for the quality of your dish is your own.
That said, I've been to other Mongolian BBQ's and have come to realize that the restaurant's part of the responsibility is a key factor!!!
I've given this YC's many chances:  followed more than one displayed recipe, experimented with my own concoctions.
Regardless, the result of every visit is mediocre at best.
My guess is perhaps the quality of veggies (even though they look fresh, doesn't mean they taste good) the ingredients of the sauces, or the cooking method, not to mention the noodles/rice, and ambiance, is the cause for my disappointment.
I recommend Genghis Grill @ the Tempe Marketplace for a much better experience!

My boyfriend brought me here almost 2-3 years ago, and since the first time, we've visited this location many, many times.
It's a great place to go when you want a filling, healthy meal for lunch.
I've always been a fan of DIY/Cook it yourself places.
(I.E.
Korean BBQ and Hot pots.
)  I usually try stuffing as many ingredients into the bowl, sometimes it requires punching down the frozen slices of meat you first throw in.
And you have to get a lot of sauce otherwise you're not going to taste anything.
When I first came here I had no idea on what sauce combinations to use, its nice they put up a sign above the grill so anyone new to YC's can start out from and branch out adding different combos.

high quality food (no msg) , healthy, quick, tons of food, inexpensive and always left with leftovers

I've got at least thirty people hooked on ycs!
They need to come to phoenix the foods worth my hour drive but, I hate the expensive gas

I love this place!
I have been going here for years.
There is a reason why this is the only restaurant that survived in the Pavilions after all of the other restaurants, movie theater, and Best Buy were closed.
You make your own mix of meat, noodles, rice, veggies, sauce, etc.
and they cook it on the wok for you.
Prices have gone up since I first started going here.
I believe dinner used to be $7.50 and now it is around $10.25 (for dinner, lunch is cheaper), but it is a lot of food.
Get a to go box for $.75, which comes out to $11.
Keep in mind this includes a drink and a huge amount of food, if you get a to go box it is enough for another meal.

I've been coming here for a few years, and have always left satisfied (and full).
Starting off with meat, there's chicken, turkey, beef, or pork (and I think there's fish at night).
All four of the meats are pretty good - they're all pretty much equally good, so no real favorite.
Next comes the veggies - my plate usually consists of carrots, onions, green onions, bell peppers, and tomatoes.
There are plenty of other choices that I'm not too fond of, like broccoli, tofu, bean sprouts, and several more that I can't think of.
I always go with the standard noodles, but they've also got rice noodles that look like they might be pretty good.
The sauces are pretty awesome.
My usual consists of some YC's own, orange, garlic, ginger, and spicy hunan.
Or if I'm in the mood, I'll go with just a straight up sweet and sour.
But it's an art to make the right combination and also the right amount, so you may be safer just following the recommendations on the board.
As they prepare the dish, there's a few minutes to put together a bowl of rice, a bowl of pretty decent hot beef soup, and some chips and sweet and sour sauce, along with my drink (all of this is included in the price).
By this time, your meal is probably close to ready - top the bowl off with some cilantro, and there's your meal.
I haven't tried the frozen yogurt, but I think it was pretty cheap, like a buck, so if you're in the mood for dessert, it's definitely worth it.
Overall, this place is great - you get plenty of food for your money, and it's fresh and pretty healthy.

YC's is Yummy!
Choose whatever you want for meats and veggies, then whatever combination of sauce you want on it, and they wok it up for you!
I always buy a to-go container for 50 cents because it is a small price to pay for another meal and I always end up with extra.
I recommend the wheat noodles, they are really good.
The meal includes crunchy wonton chips with sweet and sour sauce, soup, white or brown rice, and frozen yogurt at the end.
Its a good deal for the money!

I love YCs!
Its build your own and I just don't understand how people blame ycs when THEIR MAKING THEIR OWN FOOD!
Now with that said, I love the wheat noodles, the beef and chicken, and the mongolian sauce.
The crispy chips are awesome on top of the bowl crumbled.
It is a must to go..one because the foods good and two because its just a fun experience.

I gave this place a second chance.
My first visit was a few weeks back (right before closing time, but was served very nicely by the hostess and a friendly cook).
Today, I was greated by a hostess.
She asked what size of bowl I would like and if it was my first time.
I chose the "medium" bowl (huge mistake...
IT'S A LOT OF FOOD) and replied with a "yes".
She walked with me and gave me tips on how to make a delicious combination.
I am a believer!
I enjoyed my meal and I loved the personal touch the hostess gave to my experience.
The concept is similar to Genghis Grill (mongolian grill) with a simpler selection of proteins and vegetables, and sauces instead of condiments.
They have a visible board with a list of combinations for the customers to try.
They do not serve alcohol (only reason why I would prefer Genghis Grill) over YC now, and it is fast casual (unlike Genghis where the friendly servers are always helping out customers).
Different colors and flavors for different tastes.
I am glad I tried this place out.... Hope they keep up with the awesome experience I enjoyed today.

Nice vibe, good  protein and veggie choices and sauce options to make your stir fry your way, including the drink, soup and fro-yo what is not to like for $10.75.
You will not leave here hungry and you will have plenty for leftovers.
I will be back.

Well considering I am not a big fan of Stir fry after a very bad experience I had at a place like this a few years ago....I was skeptical about this place.
My wife wanted to really try it...so we decided to visit this locale before going to the movies.
I have to say for the 21.00 bucks I spent for the 2 of us I was not disappointed at all.
The food was very good....the service was first class....and the meal comes with a drink and dessert as well.
However do keep in mind if you decide to do the "One bowl, One trip" deal you can take your food with you....but if you do the buffet....and eat in then you cannot take anything with you.
This establishment is within walking distance of the Ultrastar Cinema and a great place to get a great meal before you see your show.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!

This place is overall fantastic.
Been going for over 10 years.
It is always consistently good.
Service is always great.
(employees seem to stay there for long time)  Hard to find a better, fresher, and less expensive place to eat.
Very good value for the money!

I am a long time fan of this establishment in the Scottsdale Pavillions.
I am a fan becasue it consistantly good.
Contistanly Clean and I know that when I go back whether its two weeks or two years ikt going to be the same quality food.
I especailly like that occasionally there is a NEW sauce I havent noticed before...this time is a great peanut sauce.
DO NOT let the New Load bowls scare you.
Yes they look smaller and they are stainless and look like a dog bowl but the small will fill you up and you wont be eating out of the stainless bowl.
Diffence between lunch and dinner is mainly the menu has fish at nigh and waterchestnuts and small corn...as well as a yogut desert.
but that about it.
its all good and Im glad they are expanding.
Peace and have a great meal.~~~Izzy

A little pricy but you build your own meal.
It tastes as good as you make it.

My friend took me here, said I had to go and now I have been twice!
This place rocks!
The first time I went they helped me get started and gave me a free togo box, normally they charge 50 cents for it (which sounds weird, but isn't until you go).
This is a build your own Asian Meal place!
AWESOME!!
You can pick your meat, your veggies and your sauce and they cook it up for you- so fun and so yummy- each time you go you can get what you want, but switch up the sauces or keep it the same and since it is build your own, you will definitely have leftovers and they are just as good the second time around!

fresh, fast, healthy and consistent.
Highly recommend.

I"m so glad we rediscovered this place.
My friend and I had been all grubby painting and were driving around doing an errand on a Sunday early evening when all of a sudden i start feeling bitchy.
Which means my hunger headache was about to hit.
We were in South Scottsdale at the time so we were searching for a place to go as is (pretty grubby) and so we hightailed it to YC's.
I hadn't been here since college which was a lifetime ago.
So glad we came here.
It was really good.
You pick different various meats, veggies, noodles, sauces and they grill it all for you.
I totally packed in the bowl.
The price also includes a beverage, side of rice (they have both brown and white), and desert afterwards.
What a deal!
Just fyi....if you can't finish what you got and you have to ask for a to go container they charge like 50 cents for the container.

For $10 you really get a lot of food and the staff is usually very pleasant.
I've been here numerous times and the food is always fresh and tastes great!
There are so many options here.
You can add as much meat and vegetables to your bowl as you want along with pastas and sauce.
I change it up almost every time I come here.

Best mongolian bbq In the valley.
It is what you make of it.
Literally.

Great food, great service and great prices!!!
Try the Chef's Favorite as your sauce, it's delicious!

Yummo!
Excellent choice of items with a ton of sauces to drizzle right on top.
Bring your hollow leg... it's a TON of food in that bowl.
If you can't finish it, you can buy boxes for your food for I think $.50 or a dollar.

I love this mongolian bbq...its my favorite one in arizona.
I have tried others and they never have the good variety of veggies, proteins or sauces like this place has...I do the combination everytime...I have tried other sauce combos and I always go back to my original way...I love to add the chili oil because I love spice...then I get some of the wontons.and dip them in siracha and hot mustard...yum yum yum...dont forget to use the wheat noodles they are the best!!!
Always put extra sauce because your meal will come out dry if you dont.
They have rice and soup too, but I never get it because you get so much food!
You get to have frozen yogurt after and its perfect because you get a little sweet at the end.
I love it...i just wish it were closer to my house but I will make the drive...

Love this place!
I have been going here for years.
I have perfected the "smash".
They have lots of new options.
Everything is always fresh and tastey.
The lines go very quickly and the management and staff are always so pleasant.

Squish squish so you can Eat a Dish.
How Crazy is that?
They even provide wax paper just for squishing down your food to CRUSH as much as you can into the tiny dish.
I was a first timer and didn't know the squish thing or even had an idea what the wax paper was for until I saw OTHER PEOPLE displaying humiliating , embarrassing ,  disgraceful behavior crushing down food and then piling maybe as high as 10 inches above the bowl.
Some people actually had to jump in the air to squish.
( I am sorry now I didn't video and send this up to You Tube.
)  The meats and vegetables seemed fresh and I didn't notice any vegetables being canned (like at the Gag Us Chain) But I really didn't like the watered down sauces.
Unlike the other stir fry places here you need to add maybe 7 ladle's of sauces to get the correct flavor and then you get a BOILED vegetable dish.
YUCK!
I know MOST people enjoy coming here and doing the squish thing eating a boiled dish of food for approx.
$10 but I can go to my favorite Chinese and get a rice bowl that taste better and is bigger and not crushed food for only $3.50 or spring for the whole lunch plate for only $4.95 so you won't be seeing me here again.
As for Stir Fry Places I like the independent Stir Fry place on Bell Rd is better than this place or the Gag Us Chain because I don't have to squish down food , I (don't) but I can go back and get as many Stir Fry's as I like at that place and the sauces aren't watered down so the food comes out better.
To each his own .
Different Stir Fry's for different folks Eat what YOU like!

Its good not as good as Geghis grill in tempe but its up there.
The meat is all frozen and paper thin it kinda scares me.
But, the sauces and the noodles are great.
It is nice that drinks, ice cream, rice and soup are included in the price and there is no servers so it makes it real affordable.
Note: they do charge you for togo boxes 50 cents per.
some veggies and yogurt are only available at night!!!

I am a big fan of YC's!
I love the wide variety of options for your bowl and the wonderful sauce options.
I particularly like the soups, rice and chips with sweet and sour sauce!!
I could eat bowl after bowl of those chips with sauce!!!
I am literally getting hungry as I write this review...
I didn't give YC's 5 stars for 2 reasons.
1 is that their prices keep going up.
I swear everytime I go the price for a bowl has gone up.
I think the last time I was there for dinner a bowl was $11.50.
The other reason is that you have to pay for a to-go box!!
I think that is a total rip off!!!
Other than that, YC's is great and delicious.
I would recommend for a filling lunch or dinner.

Squish food, thats what we call it, you walk in, pay for a small, medium or large bowl and a drink, go through the salad bar type line, picking out your meats and veggies, this is where the squish comes in, compressing the food in the bowl so you can fit more in, then take it to the grill and they cook it right in front of you, just make sure they don't drown it in water.
You will be full when you leave thats for sure!

This YC's, compared to the other ones in Tempe, has a better selection of diet soda drinks at the soda fountain (Sprite Zero Diet Coke, and Caffeine Free Diet Coke), and service is very friendly and speedy.
I believe the meat selections are the same (white and dark meat chicken, pork, beef, fish in the evening), but I like the selection of veggies here, which includes water chestnut and baby corn.
The addition of various blended spices to your bowl, in addition to the plethora of sauces to choose from, adds to the experience.
Yum!

Love this place... Great price, great food!!
I mostly love it because it can be very healthy if you be careful with the sauces...

Make sure you mush as much as you can in your bowl, hee hee.
:)  A fun and good place for some Asian!

When you come here be ready to eat!
For those of you who do not know how this place works....you get a bowl and basically go to a buffet style set up where you pack raw meats and uncooked veggies into your bowl.
You can put as much as you want, I wouldn't exactly say fit in your bowl, because the food is always overflowing.
Once you have loaded up your bowl you pick the sauce(s) you want to use.
There are recipes for different kinds of sauces available for you.
After that, your food is cooked infront of you in about 3-5 minutes.
After that you take it to your table and enjoy...I would suggest filling your bowl up with a lot of noodles, even if your bowl is completely filled.

$11.50- Big ass bowl, drink, ice cream, rice, and soup.
$12.50- Big ass bowl (unlimited), drink, ice cream, rice, and soup.
Random spouting off prices, I know.
This is all that I kept hearing about the group I was with.
I had no idea what was in store for me.
And then we arrived.
Since I drove, I didn't have to pay (score!).
I was just told to grab a bowl, grab some wax paper, and stuff- HARD!
It just didn't make sense, until I was watching what was happening.
After I saw tons of meats (I think I stuffed the bowl 3/4 with meat), I didn't get too many vegetables, as I just really wanted meat and noodles.
Then next I stacked it with a mix of rice and wheat noodles- I was living dangerously.
Then next up, there is an area that you can make your own sauces (they have like 20-30 to choose from!).
I highly suggest dousing your bowl with liquids, as the pic suggests this stuff is cooked at high heat.
I regret not putting more sauce on mine.
Then when you are complete, you hand to a cook and they heat it up for you.
That is when you get extra rice, soup, and your drink.
The stuff comes out pretty quickly.
Then pick a spot and enjoy.
My beef/pork/noodle combo was pretty good, and was excited of the concoction.
Keep in mind this place is a trial and error type of place, and its up to you to find out what flavors work for you- I think that is unique for a place like this.
You can also get some shrimp, but it costs extra.

Since I am an avid fan of the pavillions car show I go to ycs and have for over 6 yrs.
let me explain why you see an update from 6 months or a year ago the and one from 6 months before that.
I've been involve in the restaurant industry for more than 10 years in one capacity or another.
I also have been trained in the old school French ssicsl fine dining so I know a little about more than just being a foody.
You don't go to ycs  for a sit down dining type abiance.
It is the food yet also everything that incorporates good fun and a great Experiance.
Serves?
Well  it exactically,  but they will he you mak decisions based on what you tell them you like in flavoreds or spices they aren't afraid to point you in a direction it's your choice to take it.
The food is cold and fresh and dated on the Cambros they use for storage.
They will scrape the circular grill if requested and usually do on a repeats basis.
Stack the food high and lots.
It will shrink as cooked.
But Personally I use a small soup bowl for my ladles of sauces.
I have never been disappointed with any other people here.
Employees and guests alike.
Good food.
Fun atmosphere and above all else.
Consistancy.
Good.
Logistically you Don't have a place they does the business they do with out being above average.
There's just to many other restaurants to go to in the area if the wee just average  I see reviews here like too loud.
Not healthy etc.
yes moderation is the key.
Case and points.
I will sometime's wont use any sauces or noodles.
I pile on chx and spinach and veg with some ginger and garlic and it's awesome and for 10.00 I can eat for two days.

Been coming here for 15 years....
Pro's - variety on bowl options many - quality of produce good - staff friendly and helpful  Con's - maybe a tad over priced by $1 or so.
Never liked the new smaller metal bowls.
Will continue visiting from time to time...

What?
I am  supposed to go out of my house to a restaurant and then make my own dish?
Well...the fact i am giving it 4 stars means im good at it :)  This place is amazing because of the large variety of meats, veggies, noodles and sauces and the experience every visit can bring.
Takes just a few minutes and the serving size can be as enormous as your squishing abilities are.
I have always ended up with enough leftover.
This place is great if you know what to do, its also great if you are the adventurous, experimental kind.
If you mess it up, forgive yourself and be back!
For me, i have found the recipe that works and i'm sticking to it!

I fly here from CA just to have some really good Mongolian Grill.

I LOVE YC's!
Some people do not enjoy it here but I do.
I like the fact that you can choose if you want to be super healthy with veggies and tofu or go and pig out on meat and noodles.
YCs is never disappointing and is now located by a fro yo place so win-win!

It's a little expensive to eat here I think but the food is just so tasty.
If you have any type of food allergies - this isn't the place for you... too many opportunities for cross contamination so stay away.
I hadn't been here for a while but during my recent visit they have some staff there to help you mix your special blend of sauce for your food - great idea YC's.
So many people get hung up here so this is a nice addition.
I also like this place because it's pretty quick to get through the line and start eating.

It doesn't matter who you are, who you're with or what you eat.
This place is delish.
No matter if you are suffering from heartbreak or new found love nothing can fill that gaping void inside like an overload of veggies, meat and noodles....and meat.
Meat.

Inexpensive heaps of awesome goodness.
What more can I say?
I love piling my bowl high with tons of meat, veggies and noodles then smothering it in my own concoction of sauce.
I literally can't get enough of this place and wish there were more around the valley.

One word: Basic.
I tried Pei Wei's recently and the dish I ordered tasted just like the one I threw together at YC's.
Okay, I know know that this is "Asian fusion" but that's all I am coming across in the valley.
A whole bunch of "fusion" food.
Give me authentic.
Give me something that doesn't taste like all the chain restaurants around the area.
I would have liked to have seen some baby corn, bamboo shoots and water chestnuts available as veggies to add to your dish here.
In the meantime I will continue my search for good Asian cuisine around the area that doesn't taste like a microwaveable meal from the grocery store.

There is a lot of variety of ingredients for you to make your own noodle bowl.
Everyone can end up with exactly what they want.
They charge for kids meals by the age of the child, so you don't sped a fortune on a bowl for a 3 year old.

Overall a good restaurant with good food.
In need of an update though.
Value is great.

Found this by accident and all I have to say is WOW!!
You will not be disappointed!

Great Food!
Great Customer Service!
They even were playing some great 80's music!

I love, love, love this place!
Just be careful about hostess doing your sauce and putting ladles and ladles of oil on it.
For some, the draw to eat here is to try to eat clean, lower fat meals.
I only tried lunch yesterday but plan to go back today for dinner!!!!
Super Ono!!!

I was here for a Sunday dinner.
Price to value, this place easily deserves five stars.
For $13, you get to choose your ingredients to make your own custom noodle, hot soup, free soft drinks and two flavors of ice cream.
It is best if you read some of the reviews here before going to the restaurant so that you know what and how to pick and how to make your noodle because it can be pretty overwhelming for newbies.
Don't be afraid to load up your bowl-- Meat (Chicken, Pork, Beef, Fish), Veggies and 3 types of noodles.
When it comes to choose sauces, just look up and read up the flavors to get some guidance.
IMPO, sticking with a pre-defined flavor is a good idea than just randomly mixing a whole lot of sauces.
It is going to be a lot of food, so plenty of leftover to take home as well.
Tip the cooks near the grill and enjoy!

It cost $13 per person ($12.50meal $.50 To-Go Box) Great bang for buck!
You get a bowl and literally stuff it until you have a big mountain.
You then put your sauce in a separate bowl (use the recipes they have listed!
) Then give it to the guy to cook it for you (takes about 5min) I'd strongly suggest to either use 2 sauce recipes, or double the recipe you have Once you get you're bowl back you will notice your food shrunk in half It will still be way more than you can probably eat Just in case it's not enough food, your order comes with unlimited rice, soup, chips, soft drink, and cheap yogurt you want!
:)  Tips: Use the wax paper to squish all the food possible into your bowl!!!
Look at the people around you if you feel at all lost (really helped me) They only charge $.50 for a To-Go Box because people could easily fill a box with some of the unlimited rice or chips if they wanted to.
(please don't do it though)  Everyone here was extremely friendly.
Even the cooks said hello to me!
This is an excellent spot if you want to show somebody you know of a small unique restaurant (like on a date with an outgoing girl, or a guy that enjoys eating a ton)!!!
Me and my girlfriend would love to come once a month but it's a little too far for us.
Don't come if: You hate buffet style restaurants It's a Saturday night and you hate awesome car shows (parking lot) You're a picky eater that doesn't like getting their food squished together You only plan on eating a little

Fam FAV for 20 years!!

I love this place!
For an  extra buck you can get unlimited trips to the buffet, but lets face it, you are usually stuffed after just one trip.
Great choice for people watching their carbs too, just lay off the noodles.

YC's is just so tasty!
I have been going to YCs for over a decade and I've never had a bad expierience.
love the idea of mongolian grill in general, but what is great about YC's compared to a lot of other mongolian grills is that the sauces are on the lighter side and everything is always fresh.
You basically make it yourself - so it is hard to go wrong!

You get a lot of food for the price but the restaurant is dirty and they charge you 50 cents for each to-go box.

The food is delightful.
Make sure if its your first time you ask for help.
Use an extra bowl instead of the "pushing paper"   Food is always fresh and usually pretty high quality.
I love the wheat noodles and creating my own sauces.
The tofu is always delightful.
4 stars because the prices keep going up and up and up... And the bowls get smaller and smaller.

Love this place!
A lot of bang for the buck!
Prices are affordable, food is always fresh and staff is always very helpful & friendly.
Besides filling up on meat or fish and veggies, there is soup and rice and drinks are included.. Will eat here again & again.
You get as much as you can put in a bowl and if you want to take home the remainder it costs only 50 cent.
You can make it according to you own liking.

This place is YUM!
I like that you can customize your bowl and add the things you like best.
The service was very helpful as well.
Lots of great choices and the food was delicious.

I have been going to this place ever since I was a sophomore in high school (circa 2000ish).
The food is simply delicious.
I usually get the same thing and every time I'm pleasantly pleased.
At about $12.50 per person (drink included) it's really worth the value.
You get your entree, a drink, soup, ice cream (dinner time), rice, and wontons.
The entree alone is a huge portion...of course you're in control of it.
They have many different things to choose from: white meat chicken, dark meat chicken, cod, turkey, beef, pork (I think), and tofu for us vegetarians.
The veggie selection is also really good.
I always make the same sauce: chef's favorite with a scoop of spicy hunan and some hot chili oil.
Maybe one day I'll venture out and try a different sauce.

I've been eating here since they opened!
Amazing fresh veggies and great flavors.
If you master filling your bowl correctly you can eat and take home even more for later.
Gotta love having control over every aspect of your meal.
The staff are helpful if you are a first timer, so just ask.
I love love love YCs!

Oh!
It's been a while, my yummy friend!
Thanks for not disappointing.
Soooooo much better than any other similar concept.
Please come to Tucson soon.

My bff Mike and I went here for dinner one week night a few months back, and we hit the doors pretty close to closing time.
So close that we thought for sure we would be turned away.
BUT the sweet young lady was more than happy to have us come in!
I had never been there so I wasn't really sure what to do except shove all the stuff I liked into a bowl as high as I could make it!
Then when I hit the sauce bar I got a glazed look over my eyes and some nice fella just popped up asking if he could be of service.
He explained that he was a sauce specialist...we talked about every sauce and he made some recommendations off of the feedback I gave and started spooning stuff into a bowl.
We took it to the cook guy and he stirred and sauted my goodies until they were properly cooked and put it back in a bowl.
It was really yummy!
And I can't wait to go back!!!
Get a doggie dish because you will need it!

I was visiting from Minneapolis last weekend and the family tour director chose YC's because it would accommodate the vegetarian in the bunch.
She was thrilled to see tofu offered.
The cashier was helpful in guiding us to which size bowl to pay for.
The food was very good and I would happily return if I ever get to Scottsdale again.
You should go!

It's been a while since we've been here so when we came in Sunday for lunch our expectations were high since we've been craving it for so long.
It wasn't crazy busy which was nice, I hate waiting behind people.
The vegetables were fresh and well stocked.
Instead of creating my own sauce I decided to just follow the board, I'm not good at direction but the Spicy Thai was wonderful.
My biggest problem was the chicken, it tasted like jerky.
We'll be back but next time sticking to a vegetarian lunch!

Since I am an avid fan of the pavillions car show I go to ycs and have for over 6 yrs.
let me explain why you see an update from 6 months or a year ago the and one from 6 months before that.
I've been involve in the restaurant industry for more than 10 years in one capacity or another.
I also have been trained in the old school French ssicsl fine dining so I know a little about more than just being a foody.
You don't go to ycs  for a sit down dining type abiance.
It is the food yet also everything that incorporates good fun and a great Experiance.
Servers?
Well not exactically,  but they will help you make decisions based on what you tell them you like in flavoreds or spices they aren't afraid to point you in a direction it's your choice to take it.
The food is cold and fresh and dated on the Cambros they use for storage.
They will scrape the circular grill if requested and usually do on a repeats basis.
Stack the food high and lots.
It will shrink as cooked.
But Personally I use a small soup bowl for my ladles of sauces.
I have never been disappointed with any other people here.
Employees and guests alike.
Good food.
Fun atmosphere and above all else.
Consistancy.
Good.
Logistically you Don't have a place they does the business they do with out being above average.
There's just to many other restaurants to go to in the area if the wee just average  I see reviews here like..its too loud.
Not healthy etc.
yes moderation is the key.
Case and points.
I will sometime's not use any sauces or noodles.
I pile on chx and spinach and veg with some ginger and garlic and it's awesome and for 10.00 I can eat for two days.

I love Mongolian grills, and YC's has to be among the best I've had.
Infinite combinations of deliciousness for an extremely reasonable price, and the employees are always friendly and helpful.
Drinks are included, and so is rice, wonton noodles, and soup.
I've never left hungry, that's for sure.
I only wish they'd open one on the west side of the valley so I could eat there more often.
A great place.
Try it.

Love this place everything is pretty good specially the wheat noodles and sweet n sour or teriyaki sauce.
You will always end up with left over and at the end you get a nice yogurt ice cream n everything for under $15 per person.

So I have visited this place several times in between my first review and this review and they have managed to keep their 5 star rating.
Tonight was the epitome of it all!
I could not believe how delicious my meal was.
I did finally try a new sauce: Kung Pao, so I don't know if that was it or not but everything was cooked to perfection.
It was the busiest I have ever seen the restaurant too.
The staff, which was clearly under a lot of pressure, did not compromise their customer service at all.
There was a woman helping out the chefs who was extremely courteous and would help you out with whatever you want.
She kept the line moving and was very efficient.
The chefs were also really nice!
My mom has a food allergy.
When you mention you have a food allergy they clean the entire cook top and get new utensils.
Most places have an attitude because it's extra work for them.
Not this place, they were very nice and were able to accommodate my mom's request.
Even when she asked for the food to be cooked well done with not a lot of water, the chef said "sure" and made her food to perfection.
Love this place!

This is a great YC's, their service and management were great!
We came in with a ton of kids after a movie and we were taken care of so well.
I love the selection and quality and their sauces are the best, way better than any other MG in the valley.
The chef's soup was out of this world, through a few wontons on it, dang!
Thats whatsup!

= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!
= = = = =  Dropped in for first visit to this busy YC's location, a little after 11 AM today.
First off you buy a small or large bowl & head over to the Buffet line.
There, I found thinly sliced strips of white chicken, dark chicken, beef and pork, frozen in separate trays.
Then the veggie portion of the serving table offered up another 16 main items, plus you find other goodies such as whole peanuts, pineapple chunks, etc.
over near the grills.
To flavor all of this up there are quite a number of powdered & ground spices out, as well as an almost limitless sauce selection, as you mix your own from the many steel tubs of ingredients, according to posted recipes or your own whim.
You can certainly make a full meal of the small bowl but I like to pay the dollar extra for a large bowl.
Pile all your food choices high & press them down tight into the bowl with paper provided for that purpose & you'll end up with a serious serving of food!
(Yes, you can pay more for unlimited bowls but there's no need for that.
The beverages, soups and two kinds of rice are help-yourself anyway, so you're not going to leave this place hungry!
)  I made my bowl up of white chicken, beef, pork, some of most of the veggies and a canteloupe sized pile of wheat noodles, all squished down hard to form a mountain sticking up out of the bowl.
In a separate bowl I made up one of their suggested sauces, "Red Thai Curry Peanut.
"  One of the grill guys cooked it all to perfection in a couple of minutes, served it up to me in a larger bowl, and WAS IT EVER GOOD!!
(Photo.
)  I also enjoyed a cup of their Spicy Beef Soup, to which I added some brown rice.
Small Bowl $9.08, Large $10, Unlimited $11.84.
Unlimited help-yourself beverages included & prices posted over the register include tax.
This place seriously rocks!!
:-))

We moved to Colorado awhile back and I can honestly say we have not found anything like this.
I've been coming here since they first opened as a kid.
I don't remember if it was this location!
My dad and I went every Sunday!
Every friend or family member who walked my path I take them here for dinner now I live 1000 miles away and CRAVE this place!!!
I miss it!!!!
I think I need to franchise Denver LOL!!!
We even got a free dinner for leaving a rave review!!

Great place for lunch!
You basically go through a line of vegetables, meats, noodles and sauces that you create yourself.
At the end of the line a chef makes it on the grill in front of you.
The noodle selection is great, ramen to rice noodles if you want them.
You also get soup, rice and crispy noodles as sides.
My hubby and I split the large bowl - which is 10.95 (this includes the drink too.
) There is always enough for both.
I think for kids, there is a yogurt machine too, never tried it.
The restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly and the food is great - best of all, it's your creation and it's healthy.
You can eat inside or out - nice place to eat before or after a movie - which is a few stores down.

Doing a happy dance!
YC'S used to be one of my favorite spots to grab a quick meal, until , about 10yrs.
ago when  I found out the mystery behind all of my illness was food allergies to wheat, corn and cow dairy.
I tried to eat there and just use my GF Tamari, but there was still the issue of the grills having too much residue from other meals.
Recently my daughter informed me they had made a big change in handling special allergy needs and she was excited for me to go there.
If you deal with food allergies you will understand my skepticism, so, it took some time before I managed to try it out.
I am here to tell you, it was fabulous!
They are SO incredibly accommodating and helpful.
The staff were all cheerfully helpful.
Everyone was knowledgeable and aware of ingredients and respectful of my needs.
The hostess put an allergy alert card on my tray and assured me I would be assisted with the sauces, which I Was.
The grill cook was cleaning the grill before I even got to the counter.
He was cheerful and friendly,( and grinning at the fact that I was taking photos).
My food was beyond delicious!
I had Panang Thai sauce, extra spicy.
They even have rice noodles!
I am So, so,so excited to be able to eat here again.
The perfect spot for before or after a movie, or to stop while shopping, or you know, if you just happen to be hungry for yummy stir fry done your way and don't want to do dishes.

Since I eat at Mongolian BBQ as often as possible where I live in California, I was excited to find a place in a very new area of Arizona.
This area is a place that didn't even exist when I was growing up here.
So I have to say since I have been to so many, this is not a new concept for me, and I can compare what I know to be great Mongolian to this.
To educate those that have never been to one, you usually can get as many bowls as you want to use to create the master dish you want to be cooked together.
Here, they yelled at us for using more than one bowl and told us to push it down with a piece of paper ....
what?!?
And meanwhile, those around me where doing it making a huge mess, how could they not?
This rule is absurd.
Take two bowls and fill them up as you like, then they are cooked together and the cook turns it back to you in one HUGE bowl that is the size of the two small ones that you filled up with even more room.
I am just used to little authentic Mongolian places where there are no rules as to how you create your master dish.
And this thing with either all you can eat or one trip for a dollar less is just ridiculous.
Just make it one price, all you can eat period.
Allowing customers to choose between two choice that have a dollar difference was creating such a negative atmosphere in there with the server going around and telling everyone what they are doing wrong and that they have to get the all you can eat if they use more than one bowl, and if they do all you can eat, they still can only use one bowl.
Its just not a good set up for happy customers.
The fun party about Mongolian is being your own master chief, let your customers do that without ridiculous restrictions on bowl usage and smashing down food to make rood for more to pile it up like a tower that is falling down all over the counter.

This place is my fave.
I could buy this for life.
The variety of options is great.
When you first pay make sure you ask for a allergy card just in case.
My girl is allergic to fish and bell peppers.
Once they see it at the grill the will promptly clean it for you.
The stairs is tricky but I have mine down now.
2 laddles  of 2 yc own 2 garlic 2 orange 2 ginger water it comes out great.
You get a huge bowl and rice on the side.
You can do soup and the drink are included with the price.
I suggest lunch there it's a little cheaper and you be full all day.
Thanks kris

Aside from the employees who feel the need to police you to make sure you don't share, (a rule which I understand when I read it, when the cashier explains it, AND when the busser fills me in) it's generally a clean, well maintained establishment.
You can't complain about the food, since it's up to you to create your own dish.
Wish they had egg as an add in option like Ghengis Grill.
Drink and soft serve yogurt are included in the price of your meal.
To go boxes for fifty cents a pop.

Love this place.
Gone here for years, as a casual lunch w/my dad.
Easy place to hangout w/free refills on soda/tea & soup/rice.
It's worth it to pay a few bucks for a to-go box.
Leftovers=another whole meal!

The aroma drew me after leaving  the movies.
You get a bowl.
Choose a frozen meat.
Top it with seasoning salt of ur Choosing, veggies add that with a bowl of marinade.
Rice or some sort of noodle.
Then u wait,  observe, collect your drink.
Sit and eat.
Then yogurt.
All under 12 bucks.
And so much to take home.
Very pleased with this find!

