Their main goal is to rip you off.
They say things like, "if you know anything about cars, you KNOW you've gotta do (insert extra crap here)".
I will never go there again; the way they relay their information is like talking to a sleazy salesman.

Beware of this place.
My son got his oil changed here, and then his car experienced a catastrophic engine failure.
The store managers comments to me point to the fact that they overfilled the engine with oil.
Jiffy Lube denies any wrongdoing, refuses to work with us, and just plain doesn't care about the customer.

Fast and loose.
Didn't fully come clean with the cost.
Two extra dollars for a four wheel drive????
Oh, and the pool of oil on the garage floor at home after the oil change was a pleasure to clean up.
Even the window reminder sticker looks like a five year old wrote it.
I am thinking I won't be back.

If you're looking for an oil change with genuine customer service, this is not the place for you!
I went for a simple oil change and could have easily paid twice or nearly three times the amount if I hadn't said "no" repeatedly.
I was told that I needed a new battery when I had just purchased a heavy duty battery one month ago.
I came with a coupon, then was told that it wasn't valid.
Thankfully, they gave me the rate of the coupon once I said I never would have come to Jiffy Lube without the coupon.
I felt pressured and when I didn't succumb, the "kind" attitude towards me changed drastically.
My advice - have a strong cup of coffee and have your wits about you if you make the mistake of going here for an oil change.
Stand your ground - otherwise, you'll end up dishing out what you pay for your mortgage for a mere oil change.

I always feel uncomfortable bringing my car here, but feel obligated since I bought my tires here and want a free rotation.
Well, I think I'll just pay extra from now on and go somewhere else.
From the moment they call you into the garage to harass you into upgrading all your services and intimidate you into buying new parts you don't need, to the moment you leave the store, it just feels uncomfortable.
When I said I wanted the 24.99 oil change as opposed to the more expensive option, his friendly demeanor suddenly iced over.
When I asked why I was being charged for the tire rotation when I bought the, there, he said it was because I hadn't purchased some guarantee.
I bought them a year ago and haven't paid for a rotation yet.
As nicely as I could I stated I would not be paying today either, since I came there for the free rotation.
The 1 plus about this place is the speed, but honestly, this visit was so quick I'm worried they didn't even do what I paid for.
I'm going some place else where you're not harassed, intimidated, or lied to.

Not very professional, the add on front of the store states "24.99 oil change" but when you walk in cheapest oil change is $40.00.
Must be a new tactic to get people to walk in.
Tried to sell me a cabin air filter for $40.00 when you can get on at auto-zone for like $14.99.
They do not know how to properly rotate Non-directional Tires.
The kid completely blew it, he did not know the difference between directional and non directional tires.
I tried being professional and informing him but he did not listen and insisted that his method was best.
little did he know I am a mechanical engineer at the university.
Now my vehicle rides completely different, unbalanced, and not as smooth as it used to, just what I need in the snow.
First, last, and final time I take my POV to any Jiffy Lube.
STAY AWAY FROM JIFFY LUBE!!!!
ESPECIALLY THIS LOCATION!!!
1102 E Washington Ave, Madison, WI

By far the slowest Jiffy Lube I have ever stopped at.
Thought I would be in and out in a few minutes because no one was in front if me but it took over an hour.

