If it's your fist visit, try a combo platter.
Such as the beef brisket, sliced pork and St. Louis ribs.
The brisket is especially tender, juicy and flavorful.
The ribs are also very good.
The sides at Bobby Q are also good-sized and tasty.
The beans and mac 'n cheese are especially good.
One final note: after you pay your bill, you're presented with a "Thank-Q" brown bag with fresh-baked cake donuts.
Nice touch!

Best BBQ in Arizona!
Big portions, great sides, and great service.
I got the combo platter with pulled pork, brisket, and ribs...it was outstanding.
The pulled pork is exceptional.
For your sides, you have to get the Mac & Cheese!
If you really like the traditional KC or TX BBQ joints that are hole in the walls with red and white checkered tablecloths (or none at all) and you have to walk through lines to get your BBQ, then you probably won't like Bobby Q's.
The food is great, but it is a somewhat upscale for BBQ.
Oh yeah, and the "Thank Q's" doughnuts are great way to end the meal.
They're so fresh and gooey!

Great BBQ dinners.
I have had the chicken and beef and both are excellent.
I especially like the "Thank Q" donut at the end of dinner.
Very unique touch that keeps me going back.

After a happy hour that turned into 4 hours at the attached Q-Lounge, we had a bite to eat at the actual restaurant.
I had the BBQ pulled chicken sandwich, it was delicious.
The pre-meal cornbread and the post meal donuts were a nice touch.
Maybe someday I will return to try their legendary ribs when I haven't spent so much at the bar beforehand!

I love eating there!
From beginning to end I have had only awesome experiences there.
The hostesses are sweet, perky, funny, and helpful.
My waiters have been nice, ready to give advice, and accurate on food choices.
I really love the St. Louis ribs (prefer them over baby back).
The steak is out of this world.
It is almost as good as Ruth Chris.
But, the best thing is the the macaroni and cheese.
Who needs dessert when the mac and cheese is that good?

Wow!
I will now compare every barbeque to this place.
I got the brisket sandwich and it was amazing.
Everything was good.
I grew up in phoenix and this place use to be a cool restraunt called Bobby McGees, so i went here to see how it changed and wow!
:-)

Great place for meat lovers!
My friend ordered the rib combo and I had the 14 oz.
medium rib steak with two sides -- Mac & Cheese and Roasted Corn.
The succulent steak hits the spot with every bite!
You can't go wrong.
Bobby-Q used to be known as Bobby McGee.
Go Bobby-Q!!

I have to agree with the other fantastic ratings I love the food  I'm not sure I'd ever go to the lounge/club in the back...
However, the food is excellent.
The spicy queso dip as an appetizer is something I dream about at nighttime  When you receive your bbq, you also get hot and regular bbq sauce on the side.
I love the hot.
Mmmmmm  The cornbread is awesome, the roasted corn side is awesome, the mac and cheese side is awesome.
The sides are so good I could almost just eat those.
So yeah, yay bbq!

Best, BBQ, ever.
It made the 12-hour drive worth it.
Between three people, we had the Hog Heaven: chicken, St. Louis ribs, babyback ribs, and brisket.
The sides were awesome too!
All of them!
The service was also excellent.
Manager came by and asked if everything was alright and the place was packed.
Afterwards, we went to the lounge that's connected to the restaurant called Q-Lounge.
There were a lot of fat chicks.
Apparently the owners traveled all across America and sampled different types of BBQ and thereafter, created Bobby-Q.

ok....first let me say that I grew up in PHX.
And we used to go for special occasions to "Bobby MaGees" which is where BobbyQ's is now located (says something about the quality of my restaurant experiences as a young fella)...And as cheesy as Bobby McGaees was...i kind of miss the pirate serving me my dinner (and the salad bar in the bathtub).
But i do like what they have done to the place.
Cool interior.
Casual but with a nice upscale feel.
The patio seemed really nice (didn't sit out here).
We tried a variety of things.
A burger, a pulled pork sandwich, brisket, baby backs etc...
I think the standout were the ribs.
VERY good...very tender (but not overcooked), good sauce.
I enjoyed every one.Everything else was just ok. Like on par with Chili's (which isn't saying much).
The sides were pretty tasty.
Corn (roasted and then taken off the cob for you) , mashed potatoes, cornbread...all pretty good.
Dinner for 4 (2 kids, no booze)...50$.
But a 5 star place?
Maybe in the context of other restaurants in the Dunlap and I-17 areas (next to crazy Mitch's Furniture barn.
) But not in the broader context of PHX.
I would definitely go back for ribs...but not a place that will go into the normal rotation.
Side note: Hilarious crowd on a Saturday night.
Lots of "west side" clubbers...or maybe too old to be clubbers but want to go clubbing (there is a lounge attached).

Bobby-Q is a pretty good place for...you guessed it, BBQ.
The brisket's pretty good and tender.
The portion sizes are large so you won't go home hungry.
The place is quite big so there's plenty of seating including outdoors for those balmy summer nights.
And if you get bored, you can go check out the club/lounge in back of the restaurant.
Kind of gimmicky but not a bad place.

Came here with a co-worker for lunch during a business trip.
We both agreed that it wasn't that great for BBQ.
The meat was incredibly dry, which they tried to hide by adding extra BBQ sauce.
Nice try.
Overall, it was decent, but not extraordinary.
Portions aren't enormous, but just about right so that you don't over eat.
Edit 9/12  - I visited this place again on another business trip this time with a client, and I must say I was highly impressed.
I suspect the first time I went, something went wrong.
Maybe the chef was having a bad day or something?
Either way, I ordered the Pork Pull burger and I must say it was really tasty.
Wasn't dry as my first experience, and had just the right amount of BBQ sauce.
Very impressed.
Bumping up a star to average a 3 and 5 to 4!

Wow, the best pulled pork sandwich I have ever had.
I had the coleslaw as my side which was better than any other I can remember.
I've heard that the ribs and brisket are very good too.
Reasonable prices during happy hour.
They have a lounge/bar/dance club attached to the dining room and it was much nicer than I expected.
Our server said Tuesdays are their busiest nights in the lounge/dance club area, (Tuesdays nights WTF?
)    Interesting mix of people when I was there on a Wed. night.
Not the Tempe crowd, or Scottsdale crowd, or even the downtown hipster crowd.
It's the METROCENTER crowd which is just a mix of regular city folk.

Best BBQ in Phoenix.
The ribs, the pulled pork, brisket, it's all awesome.
BUT........ the mac & cheese........... it's addictive!
The best I have ever had anywhere EVER!!
My husband tried to steal a bite once & he nearly lost a digit!
The "Thank Q's" at the end of your meal are a cute touch.
They do have a full bar in the restaurant, as well as a lounge.
If you love BBQ, or even like it just a little bit......... you have to check this place out!

Tried this place out today, was craving a pulled pork sandwich..
Overall the place was okay, it was nice inside and had a cute set-up.. Service was eh..   First the hostess could not answer any of our questions about happy hour.. we asked if it was just in the bar area.. had no clue, sat us in the main dining room and then told our waitress..
Apparently it was one of those restaurants were happy hour is in the bar only (which I really don't understand).. anyway our waitress said she'd give us happy hour prices, but didn't understand that we also wanted to order dinner, (people don't eat dinner in the bar?)..
Maybe it was new-training staff day or something..   We were given cornbread to start which was good, but just crumbled in your hand.. then my friend got the Poboy Catfish sandwich, not impressed, said it was so freaking dry the fish and everything..
I had better luck with my pulled-pork sandwich..
However, it was a huge mess to eat, which I understand that just how it is, but I had no silverware to try and help..
I got fries on the side and I love fries, eat them all the time.. but these were covered with grease, not just your normal greasy fries but had enough they created a puddle, just too much for me.
Overall the food was okay (say no to the catfish)..
I would go back for another pork sandwich but with a side of potato salad instead

We drive by Bobby Q's all the time, and comment how so and so said it's good - we should try it.
Well, we finally did.
Long time Phoenicians will remember this as the old Bobby McGees with costumed, singing waiters.
It's a rustic-looking, galavanized tin building with lots of tangled plants growing around it under what is one of the last stands of eucalyptus trees in the valley; it's cool - makes you feel like you are some place else.
I was pleasantly surprised when we walked in.
I didn't know what to expect, and the decor is more elegant than I would have expected, yet with shabby chic touches.
Some tables have chairs on one side and banquettes on the other - something different.
It's very pretty.
The menu is pretty standard for a barbeque place.
I went straight for the baby backs (half-rack, $16.00), my favorite.
Hubs ordered two meats ($17, I think) pulled pork and beef brisket.
Our waitress was nice, but a little unpolished, very valley-girl, yet helpful and attentive.
She plopped a basket with two round pieces of cornbread and whipped butter on our table - delish cornbread.
Beer comes with a frozen glass - a nice touch.
He ordered a wedge salad - generous helping of chunky blue cheese over ice berg lettuce with bacon and onion strings.
Sides are standard - shoestring fries that aren't really shoestring, beans, mac and cheese, pecan coleslaw that we almost tried.
We both got the fries and beans.
Beans have a little bit of meat in them, and a bit of zip, but are nothing outstanding.
The ribs, however, were superb.
I put my fork in between rib one and two and the first bone basically fell on to my plate.
I had to nibble the meat off only a couple of the bones - other than that it melted off the bone.
The flavor was perfect - the meat flavor comes through the not too sweet, not too tart, smoky sauce.
Hubs thoroughly enjoyed his pork and beef as well.
The sides were so, so - we will try different ones next time.
We were too full for desert, but received two little - fritters or donuts (couldn't understand the valley-speak) in a paper bag to go.
Fished them out and ate them - little bits of heaven right there.
We will definitely be back for ribs.
It's a very pleasant, dressy casual restaurant and, a plus, it's on the west side!

I just feel compelled to again state how much I freakin' love this place  I think its super.
Last time I branched out and ordered a filet (my bf ordered ribs and then we split to make for a delicious mixed meal)  OMG THE FILET WAS AMAZING!
Like, better than high end steakhouses.
I love this place.
Just wish it were closer to me!

I was in town for a day and stumbled upon Bobby Q's.
Never heard of it but what a pleasant surprise.
The service was fantastic.
Our waitress was right on top of things and very friendly.
I had the rib eye with baked potato and grilled corn.
I'm a picky eater but I must say, "everything was perfect".
It's a shame I won't be in Phoenix anytime soon because this is definitely  a place I would visit again and again.

Wow , what a lovely surprise .
On  New Years Night  my husband suddenly  decides we are going out to eat, super.
But low and behold everywhere we want to go to are closed for New Years Day.
Bummer  .
( how can you enjoy Glendale Glitters without food?
)     So at the last minute I  remember Bobby Q's  hmm wonder if they are open .. yes and and thank you !
We begin smelling wonderful things in the parking lot.
We are quickly seated and have the sweetest server.
Meal starts with our cornbread which was moist , sweet and tasty, served in a flat style not a muffin not a loaf...hmmm.
But good.
Our daughter ends up with chicken strips ( very plentiful ) and macaroni and cheese--which my husband finished off and adored.
Her meal was only 4.99  a steal!
Hubby and I shared a three meat combo meal with awesome ribs, brisket and pulled pork .
We opted for the spicy BBQ sauce which we both liked.
Our sides were a yummy coleslaw with pecans and roasted corn that they shave off the cob and saute after roasting wow.
Between the food , excellent service ( thanks Cassie?, Charise?
aaww  I  can't remember )  and peaceful ambiance , we really enjoyed our meal.
We will be back.

"Very, Very, Very, Very Good!
" my wife's cousin's daughter(what' her official title anyway?
) said after her dinner and that sums up this place.
Great decor.
Fast and friendly service.
And most importantly good food.
Go on Sunday's and they have special called Hog's Heaven at a discounted prices ($28).
It comes with 1/2 pound each of the following: Chicken, Brisket, St Louis Ribs, Baby Back Ribs and two sides.
More than enough food to feed 4 adults and 4 children.
The brisket was my favorite.
It was melt in your mouth good.
I would have preferred if they did not douse it with BBQ sauce as I like it on the side.
It was still good.
Ribs were off the bone delicious.
These were my kids favorite.
The chicken was moist.
For the two sides we ordered shoe string fries, they were OK, nice and crispy and the grilled veggies.
When you leave they give you complimentary donuts, which are freshly fried in the front.
They have a cool looking mini fryer.
They were yummy according to my kids.
I did not partake in those as I was stuffed.
I will be going back to this place again fo-sure.
BTW there is a bar with a dance floor on the other side of the restaurant for those of you who are interested.
Look they were just getting ready for the night crowd when we were leaving.

My family and I ate here Saturday night.....based on the reviews of Yelp.
We were not disappointed, as a matter of fact, we were pleasantly surprised with every aspect of our evening.
When you arrive at Bobby Q's, the outside makes it feel as if you are about to walk into a dive.
However when you turn the corner and walk in the door, that is not the case.
Very nice ambiance throughout the entire restaurant.
They had wonderful mood lighting!
I love low mood lighting!
Our server was very friendly and helpful.
Our meals were excellent.
My husband got the Chicken Fried Chicken and I got the Top Sirloin.
We started with the corn bread, which was delicious!
I don't care if it feel apart at least it wasn't dry!
My top sirloin was cooked a perfect Medium and seasoned exceptionally well.
I really loved it and I love steak.
Surprisingly the roasted corn was one of my favorites of the night, I don't usually gobble up corn when I get it with dinner, but man, this was some heavenly corn!
My husbands chicken fried chicken was perfect.
Pounded thin, with a light crispy batter, I hate to say it, but it might have been better than Texaz Grill's chicken!
It was tasty.
My son got the oven cooked pepperoni pizza and it was a large portion for the $4.00 price tag, he even took some home.
Our food was excellent, there wasn't one thing we didn't like, the food was hot, the service was great, the atmosphere was great, we will return!

It's pretty clear from all the reviews, meat loving barbeque aficionados really like Bobby Q's.
This review is for my fellow vegetarians who for some reason end up here.
Why you say, would a vegetarian even end up here?
Well, for one, to keep peace in the family, for the sides, and for my fave salad, a wedge of iceberg lettuce ( I can hear some of your groans, "iceberg lettuce!
" "What is she talking about") with house made chunky blue cheese dressing.
This dressing is the best I've ever had -  I usually get a pint or so to take home.
The grilled vegies are consistently good as are the baked potatoes and the corn bread.
The mac and cheese is rather average.
Prices are reasonable - portions on the large size.
The little donuts they send you home with are a nice/sweet way to end the meal - but not worth the calories.
The wait staff are fun, friendly, efficient - the camaraderie has a good feel to it.

I have had 3 experiences with Bobby Q's.
I have eaten there once, and picked up their food twice.
Driving past their location on the freeway it looks like an interesting yet typical bbq place.
However, once you walk in, you will find that Bobby Q's is more upscale than you would think.
The inside is very nice and definitely the nicest bbq place I have ever seen.
As for the food, it is excellent!
The brisket is the best I have ever tasted.
The bbq chicken, fries, and macaroni n' cheese are up there as well.
I would like to try more things (like the ribs), but I just can't get enough of the brisket.
The corn bread is also worth a try as are those lil' donuts they give you at the end of your meal.
The donuts are made fresh and  are definitely not the healthiest thing you can have, but omg they are fried magic for your mouth!
My experience with the service is that it is always fast, friendly, and helpful on both my dine-in and take-out experiences.
I honestly can't wait to eat here again!

I have been trying to find a good BBQ place, and I have drove by and seen the sign driving north on the I-17 many times but reluctant to try because of my past experiences with BBQ places.
Honey Bear BBQ has nothing on this place, HB BBQ pulled pork was dry and their sauce was too vingeary and not as thick, I was very disappointed, but until I tried BOBBY Q's...I was impressed with the decor,  and it was a nice day so we sat outside on the charming open patio with a trickling water fountain near us.
The food is cheaper during the week but weekends is a bit more expensive....there is too much to tell, you just have to try for yourself, you wont be disappointed.... and you get a free little dessert as you leave ( freshly made mini sugar doughnuts) YUM!!!

So, the bf and I are in Phoenix for the weekend and looking for a good steakhouse.
All I'm able to find is a Lone Star, Black Angus, and Outback Steakhouse.
Boo.
I notice the Bobby Q off the I-17 and look it up on Yelp.
Pretty good reviews, and they serve steak!
So off we go.
What we ordered: Strawberry Qlada & Mudslide on the Rocks Q-Rolls Wedge Salad Ribeye Steak (with cole slaw and potato salad) Prime Rib with Shrimp Chimichurri (with roasted corn and ranch beans)  My Strawberry Qlada was delicious (I like the coconut on the rim of the glass), but the mudslide was missing an ingredient (easily fixed).
The Q-Rolls weren't anything spectacular, but they did taste good.
We shared the wedge salad, which they split it for us and I was thankful!
It was enough as a starter, and it was also very good.
The ribeye was amazing!
When it arrived, the bf asked for steak sauce, but after taking a bite of the steak, he decided that the steak sauce was not necessary.
It was so juicy and flavorful, I was a little disappointed I didn't order it for myself.
However, my prime rib was also juicy (not as thick a cut as Lawry's, but pretty good anyway!
) and the shrimp was also nice addition.
The sides were all very good, but I loved my roasted corn the best!
I realized there were two things missing from our dinners after we left the restaurant.
The ribeye should have come with cornbread and the prime rib should have come with a jumbo baked potato.
I don't think I could have eaten the potato, but I would have liked to have tasted that cornbread.
Our server, Smitty, was EXCELLENT.
He was friendly and attentive, and he made sure we were well taken care of.
He definitely made our overall dining experience a positive one.
We'll definitely come back again.

back in town for spring training and we had to go back.
Alot of the time when you go back somewhere its never as good as the first time but not here.
I ordred the brisket and its the best.
The dont hide the meat with a gallon of sauce.
they actually dont give you enough sauce.
They dont need to because the meat is that good but most sauces are bad and you would actually want them to drence the meat with there sauce.
Its hard to find great meat with great sauce.
The mac n cheese was the best.
good bread.
I cant wait to go back to Phx to see family of course :-) This is also the place to be.
came on a friday night and it took forever to get a table but the club/bar was jam packed.

My office tends to go here often for lunch.
I have gotten the fish all every  time i have been there.
The fish is fabulous.
It is a different type of batter than you usually get.
The fries that come with it are the shoe string type and quite good.
The table gets corn bread which is my favorite.
I might just only eat the corn bread next time.
On occasion, the wait staff has not been as prompt as I normally care for.
I waited almost 15 minutes once for vinegar for the fish and chips.
Sometimes they are slow to refill drinks.
It is usually when it is a small party that I have had slower service.

Excellent ribs and sides - the mashed potatoes were amazing.
To be honest, I was completely shocked to find this place off the 17 this spring watching Spring Training.
Don't let the part of town dissuade you.
Friendly and knowledgeable service, good margaritas, and really good pre-dinner bread.
Growing up in the Midwest where good ribs are not hard to come by, I would put the rack of baby backs I had at Bobby Q's right up there with some of the best I've had.
Will definitely go back when I'm visiting Phoenix again.

I know a thing or two about a good BBQ being from the midwest.
Let me tell you that Bobby Q's is a good good day.
The doughnuts at the end are wonderful.
I recommend hittin' this place up on a Sunday when you can get the family chicken/ribs/pork/brisket with 2 sides combo.
If I'm ever back in Phoenix I'll be over at Bobby Q's.

I am beginning to think that the reason I love barbecue restaurants so much is the fact that I ALWAYS get two meals out of one visit.
That figures out, on average, to about 7-8 bucks a meal, and you can't really beat that for great food!
The husband and I decided to go here on Friday night, and the place was busy, but not so busy that we were able to be immediately seated.
Our service was fantastic.
I'm beginning to think that restaurants are recognizing our faces from our pictures because this was beyond good service.
Our server was super quick and very sweet.
Our food came out impossibly fast too.
The food was delicious.
I ordered the brisket platter, of course, and it was super yummy.
I got a big fat helping of tender brisket and two sides.
I chose the pecan cole slaw and the mac and cheese.
We also got cornbread with our meals.
The cornbread is really yummy, but strangely shaped into little disks.
The cole slaw was very good, with a great sweet flavor that was enhanced by the crunch of the pecans.
The mac and cheese was literally rib-stickin good.
It was the super thick and creamy kind that makes me weak in the knees.
The barbecue sauce served on the meat is fairly minimal, but they bring you plenty of extra so you don't have to worry.
I would definitely come back here.
I loved the food, the service and the atmosphere.
I would definitely recommend this for good sit down service BBQ.

I trekked all the way here from east Mesa because I had to have BBQ.
It was worth the trip.
We got the Hog Heaven meal which is only $28 on Sundays.
It included a  1/2 lb of the following: chicken, pulled pork, ribs, and brisket.
It also comes with 2 sides.
No substitutions.
This in enough to feed 3-4 people.
We had plenty of leftovers.
All of the meats were seasoned and cooked to perfection.
They were all very moist and flavorful.
I couldn't pick a favorite because they were all so good.
We ordered the fries and mac and cheese as our sides.
The mac and cheese very thick and creamy.
Yummy!
I usually don't eat corn bread because more times than not, I find it to be too dry, but even this stuff was great.
I have no complaints!
Smitty, our waiter, was fantastic.
He was always checking on us and our drinks.
It's really dark inside, so next time I'd opt to eat out on the covered patio.
They have fans going out there to keep it cooler and it seems more casual than the inside.
The sugar coated donuts at the end of our meal were the perfect ending to a great dinner.

While reading the free Glendale paper at a much-suckier restaurant I scoped a coupon for Bobby Q-$30 for two dinners, appetizer and dessert.
I figured what the heck, I've heard a lot of good things about this place, though I've been burned before it doesn't make me fear that fire :)  So me and a buddy went for some Q this past weekend.
This place is actually a lot hipper and nicer than the...umm....kinda crap neighborhood would make you think it would be...the entrance is not really well marked, we thought they were closed because we couldn't get in!!
We could be dumb though...
The brisket rolls were deep fried goodness, nothing wrong with that.
Chicken/rib combo was solid very moist, though I would have appreciated more smoke flavor.
And the spare ribs had that gristly-mini-bones-fatty-section action (though not unusual for untrimmed spare ribs)  The sauce and the sides (mashed potato and mac-n-cheese) were good and the portions are absolutely ENORMOUS!
I'm still eating their Q!

A bunch of friends and I tried this place for my husband's birthday the other day after I found it here on Yelp.
For the love of everything tasty, this place was the BEST barbeque place I have ever been to (aside from a place I loved that went out of business in San Diego).
After reading all the reviews about the appetizers and entrees, I pretty much already knew what I wanted to order before even sitting down at our table.
Our waiter, Lorenzo, couldn't have been better with his service and sense of humor.
The feel of the interior was a mix of casual and modern yet not too overly countryfied...there weren't dead animals hanging on the walls staring at me as I ate or hides either.
The group of us ordered the Onion Block for our appetizer.
I am not an onion person, but am a fan of the Bloomin' Onion at Outback.
But I can tell you right here and now that the Onion Block at BobbyQ's was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G-L-Y delicious!
It had the perfect crispy consistency, but what made it was the BBQ ketchup that it comes with.
I could have ate the sauce by itself.
The 6 of us ravaged it.
For our entree, my husband and I went for one of the winning combinations, particularly the BBQ chicken and prime rib.
We decided on the ranch beans and the Mac & Cheese (after the reviews) for our sides.
I went to ask for an order of corn bread (3 for $1.50) but Lorenzo told me that he would bring us a basket for all of us.
So, I am not sure if that is something that is included, kind of like chips and salsa at Mexican food joints.
The chicken was absolutely juicy and had the perfect amount of sauce and the prime rib was also juicy and melted in my mouth (we ordered it cooked Medium).
First, the Mac & Cheese was so very creamy and tasty that I had to stop myself from eating that and get back to the meat.
But the ranch beans tasted like so many others I have tasted, not bad though.
My friends and I, who also ordered the M&C, noticed a hint of jalapeno (not spicy, just the taste).
We asked Lorenzo and he told us they have two types of melted cheese in the kitchen, one being the cheese they usually use for the M&C and then this pepper jack/jalapeno cheese they use for other dishes.
He had said they must have accidentally used the wrong one and that it hadn't been the first time it happened.
This was so not a problem, b/c that jalapeno taste was actually what made it, I think.
I'll have to request it next time.
The desserts didn't impress me much, but I knew from the reviews, we'd be getting free donuts before we left.
I loved that touch!
Mark my words, we will be going back more than once.
I'm sure we will take our in-laws and my family to give them the chance to taste BobbyQ's deliciousness!!!!

All was delish here !!!
Had the 3 meat platter with 2 sides and cornbread that I shared with the husband: we got the brisket, baby back ribs, and pulled pork.
All the meat was moist and delicious and tasted great even without the BBQ sauce.
We mac-n-cheese and grilled veggies for the sides...and both were yummy.
My favorite was the cornbread...it was the best I have had and i would go just for that .
They also give you these little fried donuts with cinnmaon and sugar for free before you leave and they were super sweet and yummy!!
Did not know about the 10% off when I went...ooh well maybe next time.
Service was great too!

Visiting Arizona from the East Coast and read about Bobby Q's here on Yelp.
We  decided to give it a try and were very glad we did.
What a great time and meals we had.
Our server "Smitty" was upbeat, he was very attentive to all our needs.
The pulled pork and brisket were tender, tasteful, generously portioned and well above expectations.
I would definitely recommend.

Came back again and this time brought some friends to help us eat the Hog Heaven meal and we still had a ton of yummy left overs.
Our waitress (I think her name was Megan, sorry I can't remember now) was super patient with us.
She was always on top of things.
Jason, the manager, came by and said hi to all the patrons.
What a nice guy!
Look forward to coming back here again and again.
Sign up for their newsletter!
I just got an offer for a free appetizer.

Still delicious , even better service..I swear we had a waiter and two servers working our table..love it!
Right now Bobby-q's has a special offer / prix fixe menu .. choice of appetizer , 2 dinners, and  a choice of 1 desert ( it's big)    27.99  not bad ...  Once again I love my meat smoked ... yea I said it.
Brisket was falling  off the bone tender, ribs good , love the coleslaw which is chopped into tiny pieces.
lightly season and not greasy .
The Q roll appetizers were a tasty start and kept us happy.
Of course the complimentary cornbread is really good.. maybe my favorite in the valley.
BTW Ladies bathroom is cool  in a stainless sink overkill kinda way...

GREAT BBQ place in Phoenix...my colleagues and I went here one evening for some dinner and everyone had nothing but nice things to say about them!
I ordered the hot links with coleslaw, and mac and cheese and everything was absolutely delicious and bursting with flavor.
The hot links were awesome, full of spice and a large enough portion to feed two people, I'd say.
The sides were good portions as well and plenty for one person.
I would definitely return during my next visit to Phoenix.
Thank you Bobby Q's!

really too good to try anywhere else.
i think i will go somewhere else and give 'em a try, then the disappointment when they do not come close has sealed the deal for me.
i will only do bobby q for bar be que from now on.
until they slip up or something goes amiss i will give them my loyal patronage.
they didn't even mess up a take out order, so any and every is top notch here in my little tasty intake.
yummy in my tummy and that's a big tummy!

The search is officially over.
Call off the hounds and rendezvous at Bobby Q.
With a name so simple yet perplexing, it must either be the greatest or worst barbecue to have ever existed in this Quadrant.
Like a gift from a god, their smoked ribs and brisket are tender to the touch and have the tendency to fall onto the table before reaching your plate.
Such tragedy.
Minus 1.
Their sauce oomph is somewhat mild along with its sweetness and to me that is a blessing.
Being a victim of the great-bbq-but-bad-sides or the so-so-bbq-but-good-sides, Bobby Q has made a believer in me that there is a higher power out there that watches over us and to those that do great things, rewards us.
Mission accomplished.

Came here on a whim, and fell in love with the place.
Our server Raymond was super friendly and commented repeatedly on how they Love Yelp here.
Hey Gabi, this would be a great place for an official Elite Event, and they have an attached nightclub!
On to the food.
Ray suggested the Q-Rolls appetizer, and it didn't disappoint.
They're like flautas made with brisket, accompanied by two dipping sauces.
Simply Amazing!
Ray also recommended the whole hog entree with brisket, pulled-pork and baby backs.
It was large enough for my wife and I to share.
Delicious and filling.
My daughter ordered the half chicken plate, and their fries are superb.
We finished it off with a peach cobbler, and to our surprise, we were presented with a bag of Thank-Q's (accompanying our check), which were freshly made dough balls coated in cinnamon & sugar.
Very good!
If we lived closer, we'd be a fixture in this place.

What can I say that you don't know about this place?
It's been reviewed over 50 times...
I had been dying to try it as I love a great pulled pork sandwich and everyone was telling me how great they were here!
Well, I was not disappointed.
The pork was tender with great flavor, overflowing off the bun, creating a sticky BBQ mess (which is just the way I like it!
) I went for the ranch beans instead of the fries, and while you don't get a lot, they were very good.
I skipped the corn bread and little dessert donuts (didn't need the carbs) but everyone else loved them.
I'm still looking for the best BBQ pulled pork sandwich in Phoenix, but this is the leader so far!

Any one who gives this place more than 3 stars is taste bud deficient.
Lesson #1: good BBQ has some smoke to the meat (this place has NO smoky flavor to their meat) Lesson #2: there was no smoke ring that denote it spent any time cooking low and slow like they advertise.
Lesson #3: the meat fell of the bone (Great BBQ is removed from the bone, not fall off the bone.
Kansas City BBQ Society rules) I suspect that the baby back ribs I was served were first boiled, then placed on the grill right before it was slathered with raunchy sauce.
The only reason it got 2 stars was because our waitress was fabulous, giving great service with nice atmospheres.

Two words: bathroom attendants.
My boyfriend went to the bathroom soon after we were seated, and when he came back with those two words on his lips, I just prayed that I wouldn't have to pee over the course of the evening.
I'm sorry, I just can't.
I don't want to tip some snippy, passive aggressively smiling lady a dollar for putting soap in my hands and turning on the faucet.
Just don't.
Just won't.
I'm a big girl, I can snag my own paper towels, and, hey, guess what?
If I want to wear perfume, I will put it on before I go out.
Thank you.
I haven't seen any other reviews mentioning the bathroom attendants, so maybe this is just one of my personal neuroses flaring up.
Whatever.
I don't like bathroom attendants.
I understand that the bathrooms are in the club/lounge/bar section of the restaurant, and that bathroom attendants of the "let me fuss all over your body" variety are common in more extravagant dining locales and nightclubs, but, come on.
This is Bobby-Q.
It's not Fuddruckers, but, really.
Anyway, maybe I'm crazy.
Maybe others feel that having someone hold your hand through your journey of using the bathroom and the tasks associated with it is a nice touch.
If so, you can add another star to my review.
Separate from my bathroom issues, (which may or may not be legitimate points of consideration or discussion), our experience was okay.
I love the way the restaurant looks inside, and the people-watching was supreme.
We went on a Friday night, and amidst the large groups of generic older people raucously enjoying themselves were a few gems of true interest.
Our waitress was sweet, and she tried really hard...oversolicitous, but nice.
Similar to what other reviews have mentioned, it did seem like we had one waitress and several servers...everyone was very attentive, and our food came quickly, as did drink refills and bar orders.
My boyfriend had the prime rib with mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese; I had the grilled jumbo pesto prawns (something like that...they were big.
They were shrimp.
There was pesto.
) with the shoestring fries and roasted corn.
Everything was delicious, with the exception of my 6 or 7 shrimp.
My boyfriend wolfed down his prime rib, (I have never seen him eat so fast), and chugged through his sides.
I loved my sides, too.
The roasted corn is absolutely delicious, and I even felt pretty happy to be munching on the shoestring fries, which are usually pretty unremarkable in the best of cases.
My shrimp, however, were a total disappointment, because they were totally bland.
There was very little flavor...of any kind.
Pesto.
Barbecue.
Seasoning.
I could see it on the little guys, but I couldn't taste a lick of it.
I ended not eating most of the shrimp, which seemed like a waste but I have a really hard time choking down food that I can't enjoy.
We want to give it another chance, and go on a weeknight, when it might not be so busy.
I will also man up and order something with "Barbecue" in the title.
Because, you know.
It's a barbecue restaurant...maybe that was my mistake.

So, we went back.
And it was awesome.
We went on a weeknight, and, true to my review, I went whole hog, (no pun intended), and ordered a 2 Meat Barbecue Combo plate - the sausage link, and beef brisket.
My boyfriend, ever steady, ordered the Prime Rib.
Now, I don't really eat red meat.
I mention this in a lot of reviews, and that mention is usually followed by "...but this time, I did, and I loved it.
" So, I guess I do actually eat red meat now.
Wacky.
Thanks, Yelp, for contributing to the decay of my health and the fatty deposits inside my arteries.
Do you even get fatty deposits in your arteries?
Don't mind me, I'm just flaunting my lack of basic anatomical knowledge on the internet.
Anyway, the beef brisket was awesome, and the sausage link was truly one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten.
Really!
I loved it.
Tasty and smokey and sweetly tinged with barbecue sauce.
The corn and the shoestring fries are still hanging out in the "delicious" zone, and my boyfriend once again wolfed down his prime rib like a champ.
He also tossed out a compliment to his side of macaroni and cheese, saying that it was "really good.
" From him, that is a ringing endorsement.
Our server was sweet and efficient, and not at all obnoxious.
A+, Sawyer!
You were great.
The little bag of Thank-Q doughnuts was adorable...we didn't get those on our first visit, and, even though we were completely stuffed, we appreciated the gesture and somehow found the digestive strength to scarf them down on the way home.
Thanks for a wonderful night, Jason.
Your customer service is out of this world.

I enjoy eating here every time, the service is really sharp and prompt, food is good  and  I can take a large group and they are never rattled.
If you like BBQ and want t a great sit down place here it is!
Perfect for taking Mom and Dad..

Oh my god this place is good.
Pulled pork, beef brisket, and oh yeah the Q-rools are all to die for.
I would recommend anything on the menu cause I have tried it all.
The smoasted chicken is unreal!
For me I wont go anywhere else for BBQ except my own house.
The atmosphere is great and its a little dark &  there is a outside patio area as well.
They have great lunch specials.
The food portions are good size you will probably be taking some home.
And when your done and pay they bring you a little bag of the best little doughnuts ever.
Oh yeah Doughnuts.

O M F G  I just had a killer burger...
Try the Smokehouse.
It is a 9oz hand pattied burger grilled as you wish with cheddar, fried onion strings, killer bacon and a thousand island type dressing.
It also had some BBQ sauce on there too.
It was so juicy and freaking good....   Who cares that the service was great, or that the mac n cheese was good, who cares about the kids chicken strips and the free corn bread and doughnuts... uggghh man that was good.

Actually 3.45 stars  I have gone twice for lunch.
The first time I had a sampler plate of chicken, ribs, brisket that came with cole slaw.
The second time I had a pulled pork sandwich that came with cole slaw and I added a side of macaroni and cheese.
The chicken was ok.
I like my ribs with a little more chew on them and these fell off the bone (I can duplicate this in my crock pot), two different styles of doing ribs and each has it fans.
The brisket, of the three slices two were flaking apart (I wish I knew what the cause was because I have that problem too) the third piece was perfect.
The pulled pork was tender and there was a lot more of it on the sandwich than I expected and I made a mistake in declining having extra sauce brought to the table, it would have made the sandwich better.
The cole slaw was good.
The macaroni and cheese had a slight sour taste and was sticky, I am sure it is a product of the cheese(s) used but I don't know enough to say what.
Anyway it was different and good and I would order it again.
The corn bread is really good that they start you out with.
The one time I got the doughnuts they were ok too.
If I find myself there again I would stick with the pulled pork or the brisket or maybe try the burger that Daren got.
The service both times was excellent.
They have an inviting patio but the first time I went it was too hot to enjoy and the second time it was too cool.
I sat once at a table by the bar and once in the dining room.
The room can get noisy even half full.
I like their draft beer selection but I could not partake because I had to return to running machinery.

Being from the southeast.
This is the best tasting I have found in Phoenix and west of the Mississippi.
the meat is smoked just right and the portions are great.

Everything we had was great.
I have had better brisket in Texas.
But this place is as close as I have found in AZ For AZ this is 5 star

I tried Bobby Q's on the reccomendation of Yelp.
You guys know your stuff and I do trust Yelp when it comes to searching out new places.
As I've said before, I am no bbq afficianado, I just know what I like.
It was a weeknight when we went so it was not super busy.
We were greeted and seated promptly.
I noted that there was a large bar area and thought that this place was probably a hoppin joint on a Friday or Saturday night.
Our server was very pleasant and helpful.
I asked what she liked on the menu and she told me her favorite was the brisket but she recommended I try a combo.
I got brisket and ribs.
I started wih a salad which was tasty and fresh.
My meal arrived shortly after and our server was correct, the brisket was so tender it just melted in my mouth.
It had a nice flavor.
Now, on to the ribs....yet again, melt in your mouth, tender and flavorful.
My daughter was happy as a clam with her chicken strips.
So, why only three stars?
Well, I don't usually disclose things like this but about an hour after we got home, I made several trips to the comode.
I never have issues when I eat, ever.
Something did not sit right with me or something was not good.
Was it the salad?
Don't really know but it lasted for two days.
Suffice it to say that, if that happend to you, would you be leary to give a stellar review and go back soon after?
Bobby Q's has a nice atmosphere, cozy and warm.
I loved the music that was playing......blues and old soul.
The service was great too.
The other issue that I had was the location.
If I did not have a GPS, I never would have found the place.
It's set back off the road and the signage is very small.
Maybe I'll give it another try in a year or so.....when the two days on the comode is a faint memory.

Excellent BBQ joint @ PHX!
Great menu selection (see menu here: http://bit.ly/5wWlwt).
They have wonderful BBQ Combo platters.
I usually get the Ribs and Pork.
The sides are great as well.
They've outdoor seating.
Great place to have nice red meat and a beer at a fair price.

After reading high reviews from friends Daren C., Iain B., & Brian S., it seemed time to give Bobby Q a try.
Mike C. joined me, & we ordered a couple of different meals at dinnertime to split up & try a number of items that are mentioned in the many reviews posted here.
First off, this place has tons of character, inside & out.
I found it to be very comfortable & fun, right off the bat.
Soon after getting settled in, a basket of cornbread, along with soft, whipped butter, landed on the table, & it was incredibly good!
One bite & my rating of the place soared from "Start" to 4-Stars!
At Daren C's recommendation, a Smokehouse Burger was ordered, along with shoestring potatoes, & Amanda K's review called for an order for the Smoked Link Sausage platter, & macaroni & cheese, & beans were the side dishes picked to go along with that.
The burger & the macaroni & cheese both qualified as candidates for the best I've ever had of each... just amazingly good!!
Everything else was excellent too, & at the end a little bag containing a couple of tasty mini donuts arrived, adding to the fun of it all.
The service was friendly & attentive too.
This is a great restaurant!!
Meal prices are reasonable for this kind of place, at about $10-25 per person, & the special running on this day was a big feast for two, for $30.
See you there soon!
=========================== 7/29/11 Mini-Update:  Have been here more recently & it's still great!

Had the cheese burger and the pulled pork sandwich.
Both were pretty good.

Steak and Crab?
Yes, please.
For 15 bucks?
Whhhhaaaaa?
Hell yes!
These are questions my friend asked, when she wondered if I wanted to go to Bobby Qs the other night.
Honestly, I did not get my hopes up, and prepared myself for a rough ride home.
Yes, in case you are wondering, I have had some bad experiences with Seafood.
We decided to sit on the patio and were promptly attended to.
I ordered a bloody mary, the rest beers.
The bloody mary was freaking tasty.
Spicy and tasty.
We all ended up ordering the Steak and Crab special.
I ordered a Caesar to start with.
The Caesar was good.
Nothing amazing, but solid.
Then there came the Crab.
Half a snow crab, with an 8oz Steak and a side of roasted corn.
As I started drooling, my stomach did a backflip from excitement.
The crab was awesome!
Not chewy or fishy tasting.
The steak was great as well, and the corn was nice and smokey.
The only negative...the server was a bit forgetful at times.
Honestly, once the crab and I had our moment...I no longer cared..

The best BBQ ever!
Great atmosphere and amazing food.
Highly recommended!

Once again Bobby Q's brisket does not disappoint!
I went there today with 5 other people from my office at about noon.
It wasn't that crowded and we were seated promptly.
They seem to know that time is short during workweek lunch hours so they were very quick in taking our orders.
I am always shocked whenever I go just how quickly orders arrive at the table.
I ordered the BBQ brisket plate (as always) with fries as a side.
I still love their brisket and think its the best in town and actually the best I've ever had.
I was in a french fry mood so I didn't order the mac n' cheese which I also think is some of the best around.
I also LOVE those lil donuts they give you at the end!
Can't wait to go back!

Delicious barbecue, we had 4 meats platter that we split with three people.
The pulled chicken is amazing, the brisket tender and juicy, the ribs succulent and flavorful, best barbecue around.
The sides were delicious as well, mac & cheese was great, mashed potatoes did not disappoint, ranch beans aren't anything special but they tasted good.
Service was great, waiter was attentive to our needs and accommodated a last minute switch after already putting in the order.
Atmosphere is good, not too noisy/quiet, the lighting could be improved though, a single bulb above the table barely allows you to see what you are eating, though the food wasn't there long enough to be seen:)  Highly recommended to someone looking for great barbecue ribs, chicken, brisket, etc.

The parking lot sets the tone with being nestled in a big bunch of trees.
My wife had a salad and a soup.
I had a barbeque pork sandwich and a bowl of bean soup w/ ham.....lots of ham.
Everything was delicious.
The barbequewas moist and tender.
The admosphere is very nice.
The service was great.
The prices are reasonable for what you get.
Had a wonderful lunchtime experience.

Ohhhh where do I begin???
The weekend is usually a tough time for my wife and I.
We scour Yelp!
all day to find the perfect new place to go out to eat on a Saturday night.
On this particular Saturday it was my turn to choose the spot.
I was in the mood for BBQ, but was some what tired of the usual places on our list.
Well then came Bobby Q's!
Coming from the Surprise area it was an easy ride down Olive to Black Canyon Hwy.
As stated several times already, the place is somewhat hard to spot as it i set back from the road with limited signage, but we made it into the lot on our second pass.
It was about 6:30 and we didn't have reservations, but fear not!
The wait we were told would only be about 20 minutes.
The time came and went however no open table.
The greeter apologized for the delay, but offered for us to wait in the VIP lounge for a drink and free onion block appetizer.
We no sooner go our drink and the table was ready!
Everything was moved over to our table and away were went to enjoy our dinner.
The service was as good as it gets, A+!
My wife went for the Smoasted Chicken with sides of baked potato, and roasted corn.
I opted for the slow roasted beef brisket sandwich, and a side of mac and cheese.
Once the server brought over the onion block, and corn bread we wee set.
The onion block was fantastic and big enough for up to three people.
The corn bread was perhaps the best I was had in all of Arizona!
My wife rated her chicken dish an 8 and sides a 8 as well.
When all was said and done...she was STUFFED!
As for myself, the sandwich was just big enough to satisfy my apatite, and was delivered just as the menu stated!
Deeeeelishous!
As for the mac & cheese...have you ever had something so good it cold buckle your knees?
Yeah, it was THAT good!
No matter what you order from the menu, get a side of mac & cheese!
As we finished up the owner himself came over to our table to see how our experience went.
The OWNER!
Not some manager, but the man himself!
When all was said and done the bill came to just under $30.
I did not order a Alcohol based drink, only Dr. Pepper, but they too looked top notch from those around us who indulged.
Bottom line is this place is now my favorite BBQ spot in the valley, and given the chance it will be yours too!

You know how it is.. when your jones'n for something .. your just gonna have to find it..
ENTER yelp app on the iPhone!
Boom .. Bobby Q's within 15 minutes of my home.. during the rain and the wind.. thats what I needed .. good old barbeque.. Really..
I couldnt decide how or what to order to get my comfort food on.. because that is the way the menu rolls.. Ended up with the 2 meat platter.. split with someone else.. salad on the side.. perfect.. pulled pork, beef brisket.. yum..  mashed potatoes are the kind grandma used to make..  my cohort in jones'n crime got her carb on with the mac/cheese.. (kind of velveety' for me..but still yummy)..
AWESOME corn muffins..  Alfonso, our waiter.. the best Ive had in months:-)  Oh yeah.. they love yelpers .. mention it.. see what you get:-)

I came to Phoenix on business, I live in NY where there is truly great dinning and I have to say that Bobby Q's is the best BBQ I have ever had.
I had the baby back ribs - which could be eaten with a knife and fork, but the BBQ sauce was so good, I had to clean the bones - they were amazing, the corn bread AMAZING!!
Lindsay was our server and she was fantastic.
So incredibly good, anytime I am in Phoenix I will def go to Bobby Q's.
I am not leaving for a few days and intend on eating there one more time before I leave.
Yum!!
We also got 10% off our bill for saying yelp!!
It would be worth double the price of what we paid without discount!!

Look for the sign!
Found myself in Phoenix for a weekend vacation.
The main purpose was to check out the grand canyon and catch a baseball game but I ended up finding one of the best BBQ joints in the country.
After trying Memphis, Carolinas and Texas BBQ...the last place i expected to find great BBQ food would be in the desert.
I noticed the big sign while driving down the highway and decided to go in.
Its an upscale kind of atmosphere...well compared to what you find in Texas.
Nice patio for dining when its not to hot.
We got the 4 meat platter...and it was some of the best BBQ I have ever come across.
I only wish they had one in Jersey.
The have some great appetizers and mixed drinks in pineapples as well.
Good wait staff, great mac n cheese too!!
TRY IT

I went there last night for Happy Hour (which is available in their lounge section).
Let me say the food was WOW.
I kept hearing about this place's food and finally decided to go try it myself.
My boyfriend and I were surprised how dead the lounge was, as we both have been there on Friday and Saturday nights and the place is packed.
Anyway, they offer 1/2 price appetizers from 4-8 Tuesday-Friday.
We ordered their Jumbo Wings, asked if they come with a medium sauce, waitress said no.
So I asked for sauce on the side, as I don't like very spicy food.
Also ordered a brisket quesadilla and beer fries.
The wings were very big, all drumsticks.
Perfectly fried, very meaty, and their wing sauce is not too spicy, it was delicious.
Perfect wing sauce I say, not too thick or thin, full of flavor, with a little kick.
Excellent.
The brisket quesadilla was huge, very meaty, and the meat inside was perfectly tender.
The beer fries, oh the fries!
The waitress told me about them, they are not on the menu, you have to ask for them.
They were the best I've ever had.
For fries, you don't expect much.
They're fries for God's sake, but these fries are something to talk about.
Crisp, flavorful, salty with a little sweet.
Definitely a must try!
I'm excited to actually go eat in the restaurant section next time!
DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Out with two buds tonight on a quest for some good BBQ and to zap a few other cravings.
I've been here one or two times before but for whatever reason was never able to try a lot of things.
First off I love the atmosphere and decor of the place.
Upscale bayou?
can that exist?
seems like they were able to do it.
Plus its nice and dark and comfortable.
One thing I recall is how great the service is EVERY TIME i go.
Three different visits.. three different servers.. top notch each time.
Food!
Appetizers  Wings: Delicious!
These are smoked, fried, and then sauced.
I hate(strong word on purpose) baked wings.
I thought I was going to hate these but the combo of the smoked then fried works amazingly.
It allows them to only flash fry for crisp.
This keeps the wings juicy and plump but with the fried crispy skin that wings should have.
Brisket Fire-Pie: Don't bother :/ I knew this was risky but I had a pizza craving.
Normally BBQ pizzas have way to much BBQ sauce.
This was the opposite it had very little sauce.. so little that it had no flavor impact leaving you wondering what that funky after taste is.
Cornbread: Strong corn flavor.. not overly sweet.
Could feel the grease/butter levels killing me not so slowly.
But was good to the taste buds.
----------------- BBQ  Pulled Pork: Nice smoke flavor and good moisture content without being overly fatty.
Not the best I've had but no complaints.
Brisket: Same feelings as the pork.
It was good and executed properly but certainly not the best I've ever had.
None of the BBQ was overly salty but some of it was to far on the other end of the scope and could have used some more salt.
There was no real bark on the brisket which was a little disappointing.
Smoke Links: I didn't care for these at all.
They were to fatty for my taste and needed more... something in your face.
I think everyone agreed these were the our least favorite items.
Baby Back Ribs: Very tasty ribs but surprisingly not my favorite out of the three offered.
These are usually the safe best for best ribs at whatever place your at.
There was something out of whack with the meat itself.
It failed to really pick up the smoke flavor maybe?
They were moist and tender and fall off the bone.
But fall off the bone on the side of smoked to long.
Beef Ribs: Surprisingly lean for beef ribs.
Since they were so lean these could have used a little more time in the smoke unlike the baby backs.
Beef ribs take a much longer time to break down to perfection.
St Louis Style Ribs: YUM!
Best ribs on the menu.
Next time this is all I will order in the rib category.
Flavor was great., meat was great., still a little over done but it took nothing away from them.
I would come back for this alone.
-------------------  Sides  Mac & Cheese: Delicious but they went the fake cheese route.
It is hard to make good mac and cheese the old fashion way.
Its hard in small quantity let alone restaurant quantity.
I would rather have them understand this and serve it with primarily fake cheese and be tasty then try and do from scratch and serve me curdled cheese fail.
Pecan Cole Slaw: Also sexy!
Crisp, cold, refreshing, and not soggy.
The nuts were a nice addition but if they could have somehow brought it out more in the dish it would have been ever better.
Potato Salad: Mmmmmm.
This was great and a tie for best side dish with the mac and cheese.
Be warned..
This is HEAVY.
Its probably 90% mayo but its potato salad.. its not healthy don't try and make it healthy.
They did it right.
It took a year off my life and I loved every bite of it.
Its the bad years anyway!
Creamy, perfect amount of mustard, great seasoning, lots of fresh dill.
Beans: Interesting.. Sweet but not grossly sweet like some.
Smokey but almost to a crazy level.
When I tasted this I honestly felt like I was eating something with a liquid tobacco smoke flavor.
It also had a lot of what was probably the BBQ beef in it.
Not sure what I thought about this.
Planned Return Order: Wings St Louis Ribs Mac & Cheese Potato Salad Pecan Coleslaw  Get these if nothing else and I would be shocked if you didn't leave grinning ear to ear.
Pros: Great Service Great Atmospheric Acceptable Great to OK dish ratio 10% off for yelpsters!
Cons: Awkward Location Awkward Parking Pricey  For those still stumped by the "how can fall off the bone be bad" the best test for ribs done correctly would be ribs tender enough to pull apart with your teeth but ones you can pick up and hold by a bone and not have fall apart.
If you pick up ribs by the bone and the meat stays on the plate and the bone comes up clean its been neglected.
I know this sounds crazy to most but when you have enough ribs done properly you will taste and appreciate a rib that was on as long as it was supposed to be and no longer.

Best beef brisket I've had yet.. and I don't normally like beef brisket.
I had the lunch sampler thing at the suggestion of my bartender, who was friendly and helpful.
He also suggested the mac-n-cheese and although I didn't feel like mac-n-cheese I tried it.
This stuff was so damn good and the hot sauce he suggested I put on it was out of this world!
The cornbread was also a highlight of the meal.
The sampler included ribs, bbq chicken and beef brisket.
Each were perfectly cooked, seasoned and super tender.
Of course I would recommend getting a little extra bbq sauce on the side, my preference was the hot which I loved!
They finish the meal off with a bag-o-donuts.. basically sugared doughballs.
Nonetheless they were very tasty and a nice, different take on a dessert for a bbq meal.
It was also nice that the bartender didn't scoff when I asked him to switch the tvs to ESPN (who wants to watch the news in the bar anyways?).
Not only that, but he put it up on all the tvs and raised the volume.
I had a really great lunch there and will be returning soon.

very good place.
The mac n cheese was actually too rich and creamy for me, but if that's the way you like it, it will be your new fav.
i like mine baked.
chicken and pulled pork sandwiches were great, but i can't scream about the chocolate overdose dessert.
they did send us home with some free freshly made doughnuts, though, so i don't have much right to complain.
we'll be going back.

I love BBQ and I've wanted to try Bobby Q for a while so when the boyfriend had a friend coming to visit who was staying near here I suggested we try it out.
It's always a little scary to take someone to a place you've never been to but Bobby Q did not disappoint.
We started with their Q rolls for an appetizer.
SO good.
They are kinda like egg rolls but with brisket and they come with a chipotle dipping sauce that is really good.
I ordered the brisket sandwich (apparently I was in a brisket kinda mood) which comes with shoestring fries and I ordered a side of mac n cheese as well.
I'm not kidding when I say this is some of the best beef brisket I've ever had.
It was so tender, not dry at all and it had just the right amount of sauce - enough to give you that rich BBQ flavor but not so much that the meat is swimming in it.
The fries were good but the mac n cheese was really good.
VERY rich and creamy.
I couldn't finish it all.
The boyfriend had chicken and mashed potatoes.
He said the chicken was good but the potatoes came without gravy.
Maybe they forgot it?
So those were kinda dull.
Our friend got ribs and mac n cheese.
The ribs looked amazing - fall off the bone type.
We stayed at the table really late - we were literally the last people in the place but they didn't seem to care that we were just hanging out which was cool.
We didn't go to the bar next door but it was packed and looked like a fun place to grab a drink.
Bobby Q turned out to be a great place to bring a visitor since they let us talk forever and the food was tasty and reasonably priced.
I would definitely eat there again.

Cheap Beer, Platters full of BBQ Meat, Good Music, and Basketball on the TV.
How can this not be an awesome place?!?!
Another gem of a find from Yelp while staying in Phoenix.
Again, out of the way, from where we were staying anyway.
Another place smack dab in the middle of a neighborhood.
Another place with friendly service, amusing barfly regulars, and good food.
If it weren't so hot in Phoenix, I'd have a crisis about living arrangements!
Happy Hour in the bar was great: $3.00 large beers on tap and 1/2 off appetizers.
We shared some hot wings which were very tasty.
I wanted more of those, for sure.
After about 3 or 4 beers, we went with the Whole Hog Feast.
The name alone is awesome!
For 36 bucks we got: -Baby Back Ribs -St. Louis Ribs -Pulled Pork -Beef Brisket -Mac N. Cheese -Cole Slaw -Baked Potato -Cornbread  Um, hello?!?!
This was so much food and it was all good!
The cornbread was sweet and had great texture; meat was tender and flavorful, mac n cheese was rich and creamy.
A little spicy bbq sauce on the side to kick everything up was a nice addition.
Mouth is watering a little now just typing it out!
Although we were stuffed (and had a full to go box ready), we had to try the Peach Cobbler.
So good.
Again, if I lived nearby, my pants would be in serious jeopardy of fitting properly!

Oh wow!
I drive past this place on the I-17 like a bazillion times a month, and I always say to myself that I want to go there, but always forget about it when I am hungry... Well Lucky for me I remembered this place last Saturday when I got home from work and didn't want to cook.
So the hubs and I set out to go.
It is a bit hard to find, but we know how to get there now off of 27th ave vs getting on the I-17 and driving past it to find it.
When we pulled into the parking lot I knew it was going to be a nice dinner.
The parking lot is PRETTY!
How often do you see a pretty parking lot, and in Phoenix no less.
Its covered with trees and that pleases me.
We were seated right away and our waitress was right there to take our order.
We told her it was our first time there and she gave us the whole run down of the place.
We ordered the onion block, it was tasty but I wasn't a fan of the dipping sauces they offered.
The waitress brought us a chipotle ranch that almost sent me running for the hills, not good.
For dinner the hubs ordered some plate full of meat, I think he got the beef ribs along with a side of mac and cheese and pecan coleslaw.
He said the ribs were really good, I didn't try them as I am a sissy when it comes to meat on bones.
I did taste the mac, it was creamy but not cheesy enough for me, but I am super picky about my mac and cheese.
Same goes for coleslaw, there is no middle ground its either great or not so great...unfortunatley Bobby Q's coleslaw fell in the not so great, it just has zero flavor.
But that wont stop us from going back.
I ordered the beef brisket sandwich, OH MY HEAVEN!
Soooo good!
I ordered mine with the shoestring fries, they were really yummy!
Very similar to Houston's fries!
Also the waitress brought us out a little carafe of extra BBQ sauce which was super tasty and I slathered my sandwich with it.
We had no room for dessert, so the waitress brought us these cute little donuts which the hubs and I were so excited to eat, we took them home and place them on the counter.
Apparently our cat and the dog were in co-hoots with one another, as the cat knocked the bag of donuts on the ground and the pup took off with them :(   The atmosphere and decor is very cool, its nice and cozy and dark in the place.
We are fans and will for sure be going back!

A few of us from work arrived from the airport around 8; one of them had been here before and decided to take us for dinner.
What I liked: -loved the cornbread!!!
-3 meat plate, great mix of chicken, ribs, and brisket.
Ribs were nice, tender meat off the bone, great sauce and pit-smoked; excellent value for 20 bux!,  -loved the roasted corn as a side -unique dessert, complimentary mini donuts -young staff, very friendly; for single guys, some of the staff are eye candy  Why no fifth star: -the server, albeit friendly, did forget our wine orders, so I had to knock a star off.
Great BBQ place, excellent food and good value.
There's a Q lounge next door, so will definitely stop by the next time I'm in PHX.
Wasn't sure if I was in the meat mood, but BOBBY Q satisfied by BBQ fix!!

We arrived at around 8 on Saturday and waited around 20 minutes to be seated.
It was pretty busy.
The wait allowed us to check out the menu before hand and we knew what we wanted before we sat down.
Unfortunately they were out of baby back ribs so I had to opt for the St. Louis style.
FALLING OFF THE BONE.
They smoke that shiz for 18 long beautiful hours!
We were all very happy with our meal and I only wish there was BBQ this good in LA.
Afterwards we all shared an order of peach cobbler and nearly fell asleep at the table from tasty overload.
I haven't had cobbler that good since I was a kid and my godmother use to pick the fruit fresh from her trees.
I bookmarked this spot for our trip to AZ and completely forgot to mention Yelp for 10% off.
I would be kicking myself harder if the food wasn't worth the price in full.
I have to remove the one star for not having the baby back ribs.

Oh no!
I caught the meat sweats again from Bobby Q!
That bastard!
I can't claim I'm an expert in BBQ, however I think I hold my own and Bobby Q is damn good.
We enjoyed a few happy hour beers for $3 to $5 depending on the beer.
Then we did it, we went with the Whole Hog ($36).
It included 4 types of meat and 3 sides.
The highlights were the St. Louis ribs, the beef brisket, mac n cheese and the cole slaw.
Way too much food for two, but my company was paying so let the sweats begin!
Service was friendly and the decor was inviting.
The back room area, or I guess the club, was a bit sketchy but what club isn't at 5PM.
Maybe that's where you find the cure for those sweats!

Stopped in this week with my son for dinner and used the Yelp 10% discount offer.
Prices were reasonable even without the discount, but it did give me incentive to drive a little further than I usually would for dinner.
OH WHO AM I KIDDING, I was going to try this place anyways.
I love BBQ, and Bobby Q's does it right!
My son found the sausage to be too spicy, but they did warn us when he ordered, so he ended up eating my meal and I took his.
Really good stuff all around...BBQ beans were good, the cornbread was awesome and didn't fally to pieces like it did at Thee Pitts Again, and service was spot on.
Definitely worth a return trip!

Biz partner and I were running around today and needed to hit up something along I-17 to grab a late lunch.
I've seen the place a million times and love BBQ, but after 4 years in AZ, have never been here!
Sucks, because it seems I was really missing out.
The place is huge, decor is very sharp and the smokey smell off BBQ throughout the place was a good sign!
The service was on point...quick drinks and refills, very attentive and friendly.
What a shock!
Upon sitting down, we received 2 small cakes of cornbread (free) which was a nice filler.
I had the BBQ brisket sandwich and my biz partner had the pulled pork sandwich.
We both agreed the meat was tender and flavorful.
The buns are slightly toasted, so the sauce doesn't get soaked in the bread.
The server asked if we would like additional BBQ sauce...I said no, but wished I would have.
Although the meat is very tasty, I did find it a little light on sauce (and the sauce is good stuff).
After we finished our sandwiches, the server brought 2 little cinnamon/sugar donuts for desert in a small brown bag (fresh, hot and also free!
) Very good way to end a good meal.
We both agreed, this will definitely be a place added to our rotation as traveling throughout the city!!

We were invited to join some fellow Yelpers for a N side UYE....would not have missed it!
I had the Smokehouse again and it did not disappoint!
Everything about the burger is perfect.
Grilled on fire not a flat top 2.
Cooked to your liking, Med Rare 3.
Topped with real bacon, cheese, fired onion and sauce 4.
Drips down your hand as you eat  5.
Only $10 bucks with a side

Thank you Bobby  and all your wait staff for making our Westside UYE a  great time ..Sawyer and her little busy helpers  kept us happy .
The food was tasty , smoky and  down home yummy.. Great seeing some many Yelpers  just hanging out and enjoying some good food...

It took a UYE (thanks, Deb!
) to get me to finally try this place which is just a few blocks from where I live, and now I'm sorry I didn't try it much earlier.
The cornbread starter was awesome - I could have eaten all that was in the basket, but had to be considerate ;-) Upon a yelper's recommendation (thanks, Jacob!
), I had the St. Louis style BBQ ribs with sides of roasted corn and pecan coleslaw.
The ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender, so amazingly good.
The more sedate flavors of the sides were a good counterpoint for the intensely savory ribs.
We shared desserts -- the chocolate overload was good, and the peach cobbler was not overly sugared like it usually is in most establishments.
I like it better that way because the taste of the fruit comes out more, although apparently the others preferred sweeter.
My only gripe was the lighting: on our table, the spotlight-like fixture above me shone harshly on me while keeping the others in comfortable darkness.
The servers were friendly and efficient, and the mini donuts given on the way out were scrumptious.
This is one place for many return visits, and I'll make sure they seat me in an area without a mini-searchlight above.

"You smell like smoke.
"  That's the greeting I received when coming home from a terrific UYE organized by BBQ lovin' Deb L.  And at that point, if my stuffed self didn't already know it, I knew I had just eaten some damn good food.
Upon arriving, I had a deja vu moment of being there before...a long time ago, sipping a virgin strawberry daiquiri (I told you it was a long time ago), and thinking I was all that.
Yes, it was Bobby McGee's at one time!
So flash forward 25 years, and I'm having a strawberry lemonade "adult" beverage, which was quite tasty btw, in the company of 20 fabulous Yelpers!
We were given corn bread pretty quickly, and it was devoured pretty quickly.
A little on the crumbly side, but delicious nonetheless.
Because my husband could not join us, I went with the 2-meat combo (brisket and pulled pork) so there would be some left to take him.
Yeah, that's my story.
I was a happy eater to find I could order my meats sauce free!
The brisket was good, but a little too fatty.
The pork was really good, however; adequately seasoned and smokey.
I tried the spicy sauce on the table, and found it to be just right, just a little kick to it.
For sides, the mac and cheese was creamy and not lacking in sauce.
Yum.
The roasted corn was really really good.
If corn always tasted that good, I would move to Iowa.
Our service was great and they were accommodating for our request for separate checks with a 20% gratuity.
Our service was actually good enough, especially given a party that size, that I tipped extra.
And I did refrain from eating all of my meal, so that I could have a nice lunch the next day when my husband refused my offer of the leftovers.
Only problem was he didn't refuse.
And I went hungry the next day, wishing I had eaten all of my meal when I had the chance.

Came to Bobby Q. from word of mouth.
Went to Phoenix for Spring Training.
Went there on Sunday and got the Family fest (1/2 lb ribs, 1/2 lbs pull pork, 1/2 lb brisket, 1/2 chicken plus 2 sides) for $28.00.
This is the best BBQ that i have tasted.
The brisket can be cut with a fork and melts in your mouth.
The chicken is not dry but moist (even the chicken breast).
The one thing i do want to try is a 22-hour smoked prime rib....until next spring training, i will have to wait.
Also, mention yelp and get 10% off your bill!!

Yay..my first review!
Bobby Q will not disappoint you.
This place has a spacious parking lot and street parking which makes coming here pretty convenient.
The hostess was pleasant and our waiter was very patient with us.
I highly recommend the St Louis style ribs.
All the ribs are cooked for 10+ hours so they fall right off the bone and melt in your mouth.
If you're looking for something much bigger for 2+ people to share and want to try a variety of items, Whole Hog Heaven is for you!
Keep in mind the name, because that's exactly what you're getting.
It's a heavenly plate of four types of meat along with three sides.
We got mac n cheese (good but not great), shoe string fries (yum!
), and roasted corn (ok).
*sigh*..I'm still stuffed thinking about it.
Oh, don't forget to mention Yelp and get 10% off!

So, the boy and I were dissapointed that they were out of the St. Louis AND Baby Back ribs.
Bummer.
When he then stated that he wanted steak, I acquiesced and ordered the Ribeye to share (even though I really wanted some bbq!
) with mashed potatoes and roasted corn.
When our food arrived, I was delighted by the tender, flavorful piece of beef.
The sides were bountiful and oh so tasty too.
I don't know how I managed to get a few tastes of the mac n cheese, cornbread, french fries & the warm doughnuts - but I did.
Everything I tried was on point!
I think my son enjoyed it too.
(He thanked me repeatedly as we walked back to the car for taking him here.
) Will mos def make it back to Bobby Q when I'm back in town.

Outstanding barbecue!
We came with a party of 8 (including 4 crazy teens) and all of us were very pleased with our dinners.
Among us we had ribs, pulled pork, grilled salmon, hamburgers and more.
Before the meal they brought us these amazing corn bread biscuits, and after the meal they brought these little deep fried cinnamon doughnuts.
Everything was superb.
Great atmosphere.
Great service.
You can't go wrong.

After a Sunday afternoon of sun and fun at a Spring Training game, my friend and I were kind-of, sort-of, well not really anywhere near Bobby Q.  OK, we were west of the 17 freeway, so I suppose that counts as "near".
In any event, since missing out on the UYE the previous week, I was happy to visit this new-to-me BBQ spot for a very late lunch/early dinner.
We were seated immediately, and started off with a couple of Blue Moons while perusing the menu.
It was extensive, with almost any type of BBQ combination you can imagine.
I did not take the time to review it all, because I only had eyes for one thing.
Brisket.
To sandwich, or not to sandwich, that was the only question.
We ended up selecting two BBQ platters - one with smoked BBQ brisket and the other with smoked pulled pork.
Each came with two sides - we chose mac n cheese, pecan cole slaw and potato salad.
Hey, wait, that is only three sides.
That is because we got two, count 'em TWO orders of mac & cheese.
Enable my bad habits!
Look!
Corn bread!
Warm, moist and topped with a healthy ball of butter.
It was probably a good thing we were only given two pieces.
I could have eaten a LOT of that...  Our meals arrived quickly, along with a carafe of spicy BBQ sauce (that went very well on the mac n cheese, I might add).
While the portion sizes weren't huge, they were still impressive.
It was immediately obvious that my friend liked my brisket better than the pulled pork.
How did I know this?
1) because it was OhSoVery good and 2) It was quickly disappearing from my plate without any effort from me!
Of the sides, of course I liked the mac n cheese the most - while it was not the oh so decadent Fleming's version, or the gooey cheesy version from Scottsdale BBQ, it still hit the spot.
* We did make one strategic error.
While writing this review I noticed the Yelp Review Discount offer of 10% off the bill.
Too late to help us - but not too late to help you!
Go, eat, and ask for your discount!

We went here for lunch when we were out in Scottsdale for a debauchery filled spring training trip.
We got a recommendation from a friend to try this place out and it didn't disappoint.
We got the Q-Rolls to start (brisket filled) which come with a chipotle dip.
These were solid.
I ordered the full rack of baby backs and split it with my buddy who got a two item combo with brisket and pulled pork.
The ribs were fall off the bone tender and had great flavor.
The brisket was phenomenal as well.
The pulled pork was good but the weakest of all the items we had.
Best part of the lunch was not losing on credit card roulette at the end.
If/when I make it back to the Phoenix area I will definitely be coming back.

I definitely recommend this Place!
Great food, great service and awesome price.
Paid less than $150 for 6 people and we got the yelp discount.
My father and fiance both got the  Ribeye and the rest of us ordered their Sunday Meal Deals, which was so much food.
I loved their cornbread and their roasted corn side dish is a must try item.
I will go back next time in phoenix!

I organized a dinner here for my dragonboat team which consists of about 48 people.
So keeping that in mind, I will continue my review.
When my group got there, we were served very fast and they took our orders.
Service from the waitresses was GREAT!
Pros:  One great thing about this place is that they serve limitless CORNBREAD!
For a hungry team, this is amazing, especially before your food gets there.
Now to the food.
The FOOD is great quality.
I loved the flavor of the ribs and bbq sauce.
The mac-n-cheese wasn't the best, but it was good.
I would say the spare-ribs were better than the beef ribs here.
What was also nice was that they let us split checks which made it a lot easier for us to pay.
They waitresses also gave us complimentary doughnuts which is awesome.
CONS: When I went here, the portions of the meals weren't what we were expecting for the price.
A few of my teammates ordered the two rib meal and they didn't get much food.
We had to ask if there was a mistake because there was such little food for the price.
The manager(?
) came and apologized and said they ran out of ribs?
I don't know exactly how valid this excuse is, but whatever.
I think that for an establishment such as this, it should have been a bit more prepared considering we did have reservations.
This is probably the reason why I am not giving them a full 5 stars.
I know the experience might have been different under different conditions.
Hopefully next time, our experience might be a bit better food quantity wise.

Wow - Now that's good BBQ!!!
We were at the BBQ festival in Scottsdale yesterday - Bobby-Q had the best brisket, ribs and chicken!
Their brisket is moist and juicy!
and the ribs are fall off the bone de-lish!!!
I should have taken a picture of the bare bones so you could see just how bare they were!
Everything was outstanding!

Let me just say that I am not a BBQ kind of girl.
My husband is a BBQ fiend so I tend to make some concessions for him.
Bobby Q's was one of those concessions.
Thank goodness for that because I love this place.
Luckily for me, there are things here I would eat such as the grilled salmon ($17) and chimichurri shrimp ($16).
And the sides, good heavens, the sides are so damn good.
The only ones I ever get are the sweet, buttery corn and the mac and cheese.
Neither are healthy (the corn is extremely buttery) and the mac and cheese is extremely gooey...just the way it should be!
I am a sucker for a good mac and cheese and then when you factor in the best corn bread I have EVER eaten, I am a goner.
Good lord, you would think I am hungry the way I am writing this review but I promise I am writing this on a full stomach.
No, but seriously, if you like corn bread, you have to try Bobby Q's corn bread.
It's ridiculous.
Then at the end of the meal, they give you these sugary donuts (the granulated sugar) that just top off a great meal.
If you go on Sundays, try the Hog Heaven.
For $29, you can feed 3-4 people.
It has pulled pork, beef brisket, baby-backed ribs, bbq chicken, two sides, and corn bread.
I do think the sides are not enough for four people compared to the amount of meat you get.
We ordered it last night and had enough meat for 5 people but enough sides for only 2 people.
They did give us 6 pieces of corn bread, though.
Either way, it is a GREAT deal.
The interior is very nice with dim lighting for a possibly romantic feel.
It seems kid-friendly and we haven't had any issues bringing our almost 3 year old here.
We have also always had good service.
The prices are on the higher end but as I mentioned the Hog Heaven on Sundays is a very reasonable deal when eating out.
Hmmm, I think another visit this week is in order....

Best BBQ Brisket EVER!
Just went there for lunch and it was awesome as always.
Fast/friendly service, reasonable prices, excellent brisket and mac n' cheese!
Ohhh...and those lil donut things they give you after your meal.
Soooo good!
Can't wait to go back!

My first review!
I felt obliged to sign up (and do this), since I found Bobby Q via Yelp (tonight) in the first place.
We enjoyed ribs and pulled pork, the food was just right.
Not Memphis mastery, but a solid effort.
The BBQ sauce was especially good--all our sides were fresh (especially the pecan cole slaw, which can easily get "soft" by 10pm depending on the establishment.
They started the meal with good (sweet) cornbread.
Overall nice and clean atmosphere--the manager asked if we were okay several times.
We got free tiny cinammon donuts at the end, a nice touch-.
I left stuffed, $40 even (without tip) for two.
Note that they provide a 10% Yelp discount--smart choice, I wish them the best.

Anytime is a good time for barbecue.
The smell of burning wood, the sweet thick or vinegary sauces and meat that just fall off the bone -- these elements have mass appeal to my senses.
So it's probably no surprise that I've been to most Valley smokehouses to check out their goods.
My latest exploration, Bobby-Q, came after a day of bargain hunting at a clearance outlet at Metrocenter.
So much shopping can work up an appetite, and you'll need an appetite since the prices at Bobby-Q are low and the portions are large.
The location might be familiar to many longtime Phoenicians -- it was Bobby McGee's until about five years ago.
I have many fond memories eating there with my family as a kid.
While the building got a $3 million dollar makeover, the charm and coziness is intact.
It's sort of a cowboy chic with dim lighting, stained concrete floors and a tin ceiling.
The seating is comfortable and the service friendly and efficient.
If you're in a hurry, you can call ahead; there is a separate entrance for to-go orders.
Everything on the menu is made in house, from the barbecue sauce to the fluffy corn bread.
Being an avid home cook I can appreciate these extra steps.
Always wanting to try something new, the Q-Rolls ($7.50) are a take on a Mexican flauta.
Filled and rolled with smoked beef brisket and then deep-fried to a golden brown, these looked better than they tasted.
The roll's open ends allowed for far too much oil to penetrate the meaty interior, which ended up a tasteless crunch.
A steakhouse classic, the Wedge Salad ($5), is made with a quarter of crisp head lettuce, sprinkled with smoked bacon, chopped tomatoes and bleu cheese crumbles.
I can never resist the power of blue cheese and bacon.
The menu includes entree-sized salads, sandwiches and steaks, but my focus was on smoked meats.
You can order two or three meat platters, but I opted for the Whole Hog ($36), a choice of two ribs, two meats and three sides.
When the plate arrived, my eyes widened.
Huge slabs of Baby Back Ribs and St. Louis-Style Ribs were framed by piles of pulled pork and beef brisket, it's quite the mother lode of meat, so be prepared to share with others.
Going straight to the ribs, I grabbed a bone and it immediately separated from the rib meat.
The meat was melt-in-your -mouth tender, and rightly so; they cook their meats low and slow for about 20 hours.
With all of the meat loving going on, it's easy to forget the sides.
The Mac 'n Cheese was creamy and gooey and was worth ordering again.
Pecan Cole Slaw was good, but I especially liked the toasted pecans, hich provided a nice contrast.
Roasted Corn comes topped with a few wheels of corn on the cob.
I wish the entire dish were served this way, since the kernels were swimming in a pool of butter.
After finishing this feast, there couldn't possibly be room for Peach Cobbler ($6.50) or Mud Pie ($6.50).
But it was a nice touch that the check was brought out with a small bag of hot fresh cinnamon and sugar-covered donuts.

The food isn't overwhelming in portion size (I had lunch).
The taste was great bbq.
They could use a little flare in the sauce department in terms of variety.
The hot bbq sauce wasn't very hot.
Price is reasonable and the service is good.

Tried their pulled pork and chicken at Scottsdale BBQ festival and decided to go to their restaurant.
Still think that chicken was the best and the ribs coming as close 2nd.
Don't think the pullpork was that good - a little dry when we have it.
The beef brisket was average.

This place is classier than your typical BBQ joint, which of course means just a little pricier.
But with the extra money comes high quality food.
My most recent visit, I ordered the brisket sandwich with shoestring fries, and was quite satisfied.
Service was fast and friendly, and the food was excellent.
First up was the cornbread, which was very flavorful and full of buttery goodness.
The meat was tender, juicy, and went very well with the regular barbecue sauce.
The fries were also good - I couldn't figure out what was special about them, but whatever it is, it works.
Overall, a very good place, highly recommended.

Feels like a chain.
Competent but nothing special.
I had the two-meat plate with beef ribs and brisket; sides were beans and cole slaw.
The beans had a nice kick.
Meats were competent.
The regular sauce was really sweet.
The spicy sauce was not too kicky.
It was $17.50.

We orginally set out in search of another bbq place but it was closed so we ended up at Bobby Q!
Thinking it was going to be a chain-style restaurant.
Boy, were we wrong!
The building and atmosphere was true to the BBQ tradition.
SUNDAYS at Bobby Q!!
$28 got us a family feast of Smoked Chicken, Smoked Brisket, Smoked Ribs(St. Louis style), Smoked Pulled Pork, 2 sides (We chose Mac & Cheese, Mashed Potatoes), Cornbread.
The cornbread was slightly sweet, buttery and very moist!
All the meat was very tender.. but I am partial to brisket which really impressed me the most...  My boyfriend loves ribs and said on the ride home that they are better than his favorite.
The spicy BBQ sauce was a little too tangy for me and needed more kick.
The server Jon was very informative about the menu and knowledgable about BBQ.
We left very full and happy with alot of food to take home!
It was worth the drive across town!

Just had lunch at Bobby Q.
We had the sample platter which came with beef brisket, one side, St. Louis ribs and smoked chicken (which we substituted for more beef brisket) and the beef brisket sandwich.
Everything was incredibly GOOD!!!
our server saw that we were sharing the strawberry lemonade and ignoring the iced tea so brought out another strawberry lemonade free of charge!!!
We were served corn bread as we waited for our food which came out super fast.
All that and our bill was only $26!!
I definitely recommend this place!
And if you tell them you found them on yelp, you get 10% off your bill.

Out of all the bbq restaurants in Phoenix, this one by far is the best one I have been to.
My boyfriend and I are from KC and, of course, claim to know bbq.
Bobby Q's isn't as good as some of my favorites around the country, but for Phoenix, I give it an A+.
Many of the establishments in town have ok meat, but horrible sides.
Bobby Q was great all around!
From the corn bread, to the bbq sandwiches and finally the mini-donuts for dessert (that were even hot) everything was fantastic.
The venue is a bit more upscale than most bbq joints and the parking lot and restaurant itself are gigantic.
Don't worry about getting a spot on a week night, there is plenty of room!

Corny decorations aside, the food isn't that bad, but not necessarily great.
there are about three or four things that are amazing, but seeing as i'm a recently converted vegetarian i haven't had most of  those in a while, the best meat option is by far the ribs.
End of story.
But the vegetarian options (i.e.
fish) aren't really that great.
Another Con- the food takes forever!
As i mentioned before, the decor is extremely corny and makes it feel like a chain restaurant.
Pros include fabulous service/waiters, free donuts, AMAZING sides, and the fact that i feel really popular in there because it is always packed.
Overall its a fun place, but nothing special.

Complimentary cornbread and donuts.
Nuff said.
OK.
There's more!
Like the Ronco commercial..."But wait, there's MORE!
"  We had trouble finding the front door.
Looks it's sweltering hot and our brains were in meltdown.
We entered the To Go door which is a very tiny room for take out service only.
The lovely employee upon hearing our door troubles said we could come behind the counter and enter the dining room.
What?
We don't have to go outside again?
Love her.
She led us right to a perfect table and provided us with menus.
Great service!
Make it happen!
I was surprised and impressed by the upscale decor.
Kind of reminded me of the House of Blues in West Hollywood...made to look like a shack from the outside but quite luxurious inside.
Nice.
Our server Kellee was Killer!!!
I wanted to snatch her away.
Oops, I said snatch.
Anyway, the pulled pork sandwich with mac n cheese was Bobby Q perfection as was Rickie's brisket sandwich with shoestring fries...the fries...so so yummy!
Sweet tea, actually, well, how do you say...should be called super, really, alotta, sweet tea.
Sweeter than Paula Deen's pie.
Wait.
That didn't sound right.
Bobby Q. I wuv you!
P.S.
Did I detect a little Velveeta in the mac n cheese?
Me thinks so and ME LIKEY!

Our family was in Phoenix for Wrestlemania 26 and asked people around town where to get some good BBQ.
The general consensus was " Bobby Q".
At first I thought it was an accent or they were talking funny repeating BBQ back to me, lol.
After a few chuckles we decided to give it a try and stopped if for dinner.
WOW... what a treat.
They were crazy busy and had us seated with in 20 minutes.
We ordered some ribs which were awesome.
The mack n' cheese was some of the best I've ever had.
The corn bread was was the high lite of this meal in my opinion, moist and full of flavor.
Service was top notch and I'm so glad our family got a chance to eat here while on vacation.
After our meal we were treated to a little dogie bag of freshly made cinnamon and sugar dough nuts they make by the front door as you wait to be seated!
If I close my eyes I can still smell them!

That darn Smokehouse burger is awesome.
5 stars.
The smoked corn was a little Meh... it was oily like not butter oily... not a huge fan of the texture either.
I like corn crunchy and it was not.
Service was great.
I did see an unmentionable bug running around near the back entrance towards the chicken rotisserie thing, but bugs have to eat too right?
(still 5 stars lol)

I think this is the best BBQ in Arizona!!!
I go to Texas all the time so I have had some great BBQ and I think that Bobby Qs is just as good if not better than Texas BBQ.

Great food period.
I'll be back.

(4 stars for my overall smokehouse favorites, 5 stars for PHX up to this point)  On my continual quest for savory smoked, grilled and BBQ goodness, I decided to stop in.
I initially entered the "Q Lounge" to check out the Happy Hour which obviously has a huge following and offered a HH buffet and numerous drink specials.
While interesting and entertaining, I wasn't feelin' it so after about an hour, I wandered back into the main restaurant.
Taking a seat at the bar I ordered up a rather potent and tasty Margarita and looked over the menu.
Decisions....this looked promising.
The wonderful smoke aroma mildly permeating the restaurant gave me further hope that I was getting into something good.
Opting for the 2 meat combo with brisket and sausage with roasted corn and mac n cheese on the side, I was looking forward to the meal.
Served relatively quickly, I stuck my fork into the mac n cheese.
I was told it had 5 cheeses.
It was quite rich with a very Velveeta like palate and a slight tang of cheddar.
The corn was truly roasted, cut off the cob and served up neatly in a bowl.
The brisket was tender, smokey and amazing.
Well marbled, not too lean and not too fatty.
The smoked sausage was not overly smoked, well seasoned and with just enough bite (I will have to try the jalapeno variety next time to compare).
The serving size was plentiful.
And I had enough left over for the next day!
[Still not Rudy's....my quest continues.

Great food overall, starting with their corn bread, BBQ, sides and donuts.
Service was ok.
I don't like how a tip is included in a tab of 8 people or more.
I should be the judge if my waiter deserves that tip or not.
A tip is optional right?
or it should be called a waiter fee.
I saw our waiter twice that night.

I have been twice since I last wrote a review and can find no excuse for not adding the 4th star.
I went for a Yelp UYE dinner and had a half rack of St Louis ribs with cole slaw and mac and cheese.
Last night I was there in a party of four and had the Smokehouse burger.
That is one of the best $10 burgers I have ever had.
The bun doesn't really hold up well so if you put it down you will end up finishing it with a fork.
Around the table there were ribs, steak and pulled pork.
It was my choice of restaurant and everybody loved their food!
One of our party ordered a Mojito and was told they don't make those there but other than that the drinks were fine.
I have now sampled 3 of their desserts, I didn't care much for the peach cobbler but the banana cream and the chocolate over dose were really good.

Great place!
Wanted to try something different.
How often do you get a chance to eat BBQ!
Very friendly and great staff.
The pulled pork was out of this world.
We tried the combo platter and tried a little bit of everything.
We will be back.
Don't forget to mention YELP for your 10% discount.

Originally, we weren't planning to go here, but as we kept on passing it by from other places to our hotel, I yelped it see what their rating was.
It surprised the hell out of me to find out they averaged 4.5 stars.
Now, me and Kathy are huge BBQ fans and wanted to balance out our weekend with a meat splurge.
We decided dinner was going to be how it was going down...  Again, the stoopid Google Maps app fails us again and has us feeling our way to Bobby Q.
We finally get there and got sat down immediately.
We got served a basket of cornbread that looked like hockey pucks.
There was a crunchy texture on the outside, while the inside was moist and fluffy.
It was spectacular, but don't fill up on them, unless you are on a diet and weren't ordering anything else.
I'm usually skeptical of ordering brisket, unless I know there was some Texas affiliation.
Lots of the Yelpers raved about the brisket and when the waitress recommended it, it was a no brainer.
What was difficult was what else to order.
We settled on the the Whole Hog Heaven, after much debate between me and Kathy and interrogation of the waitress.
The Whole Hog Heaven is their best feast where you can choose 2 BBQ meats and 2 pit ribs types, plus 3 sides.
We went with brisket, smoked sausage for the meats and St Louis ribs and Texas beef ribs.
For the sides, we ordered the mac n cheese, roasted corn and shoestring fries.
First off the bat, the brisket was as good as advertised by Yelpers (thanks, y'all) and our waitress.
Juicy, moist and tender with a smoke crust gives the brisket an unforgettable experience.
Another winner was the St. Louis ribs.
It literally fell off the bone and was oh so tender.
The sausage was good, but not outstanding and the beef rib was also just acceptable.
Against the waitress' suggestion for their "smoasted" chicken, I do think I will try the smoked roasted chicken and the baby backs next time.
All of the sides were tasty, but the stars were the brisket and St. Louis ribs.
To top off a grand BBQ evening, we were given a brown paper sack of mini donuts that were sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar.
That's a nice touch.
Overall, I give Bobby Q a solid 4 stars on the basis of the brisket.
You can have a brisket sandwich and die happily, and yes, its that good!
The service was good and the food came out fast.
I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu.
There was a couple next to me,  who ordered enough for a small army.
The guy raved about how the Southern Fried Chicken was the best he had ever had.
The dude looked like a food heavyweight, so he must have had a few country fried chicken in his lifetime, so I'm adding that to the list.
Until next time, BBQ compadres...

Went on a Sunday and got a family type platter.
It's good, reasonably priced, and 3 people can comfortably eat from it.

Oh what a happy gal I am now that I have found this place.
I've been here twice and both times were good.
I totally have to agree that the brisket is pretty awesome.
The Q-Rolls are super delicious.
Smoked brisket rolled in fried won ton with a chipotle dipping sauce.
I was upset that I had to share them.
Next time they are going to be my meal, along with the yummy corn bread.
The only thing I'd stay away from next time is the sweet tea.
Can we say a cup of ice could not even water it down enough?
That said, I appreciate this local place that offers yelpers a 10 percent discount for some great food!
I will definitely be going back for the great service and BBQ.

I came here with a couple of friends after reading the reviews and I was not disappointed.
My ribeye steak was well-seasoned and cooked perfectly.
My friend ordered the St. Louis and baby back ribs and both were fall-off-the-bone tender.
The side dishes were plentiful and the corn bread was moist and delicious.
The complimentary donuts were warm and a perfect finish to an awesome meal.
Better than Lucille's in California.

MEH.
The hubs and I took a few friends here on Saturday night.
They were JAM PACKED but sat us in the estimated 20 minute wait they gave us.
Our waitress was good and quick, though she didn't come back for a loooong time at the end and we all were ready to just go.
But they were busy, So I understand.
My 3 star review is on the salad I got (I know right, who gets a salad at a BBQ place, this dummy does) I got the Avocado Club Salad with Brisket.
For Avocado being the first descriptive word i was expecting a TON of avocado in this salad, I was soooo excited for all the avocado I would be consuming, unfortunately there were maybe 5 or 6 very very veryyy small pieces of avocado in the whole salad (trust me I searched that salad bowl over) not even a half of an avocado...so maybe just call t the Cobb salad and be done with it?
The brisket was cold and salty.
The ranch dressing was extremely watery.
HOWEVEr the little corn cakes they bring you in the beginning were HEAVEN and the fresh made donuts at the end will drop you to your knees they are so amazing!!

Cornbread?
Yes, please!
I love cornbread.
This place is cool.
We went for lunch and while it's decorated to look like a BBQ dive you can tell they wanted a "trendy dive" look if that even exists.
I likes.
First you get the cornbread, which is my favorite so I started off happy.
I had a salad, but two people got BBQ.
I know - who gets a salad the first time they go to a BBQ restaurant?
That makes no sense.
They liked the meats and I think my husband said "meh.
" about the sauce.
The baby had mac and cheese which he loved (and I liked) and the chicken was also a winner.
I have to say - donuts at the end of the meal?
Um, no.
Ugh, no.They tasted pretty heavy with oil and sure enough after about 2 minutes I had the worst stomach pain of my life.
Just say no to the donuts, I beg you.
Unless you plan ahead and  know you are going to have a donut and you save some room, otherwise they will put you over the edge, and I am saying that after having a salad!
I have never been anywhere that gives you donuts for your ride home, so I guess that is original on their part, right?
Overall, I will go back, this place was fun!
Next time, pulled pork.

Since my first yelp about Bobby Q's, I've been back several times and was never disappointed.
Once for lunch (had soup and sandwich)...outstanding.
Twice for supper.
I enjoy the pulled pork so much that it's hard for me to order anything else.
We've just returned from an  evening with family and friends..six of us in all.
I had my pulled pork dinner.
My wife had a pulled pork sandwich as did our two guests and my son and his intended had a big platter of chicken and prime rib.
My son loves prime rib and he know when it's good or not.
He declared it outstanding.
The chicken looked and smelled delicious.
My wife is still in love with pulled pork sandwiches.
Our guests enjoyed their sandwiches declaring them heavenly.
My son and his girlfriend are in their late 20's and were hungry but the one combination plate fed the two of them with some chicken left over to take home.
My sides were awesome mac and cheese and cole slaw.
I personally didn't care for the cole slaw because I prefer it with more mayo.
My wife declared it devine since she prefers much less mayo.
My son had a baked potato and vegetables They both declared them to bfe very good.
They sure looked good!
When you go, don't forget to mention Yelp and you receive a 10% discount.
On your way out, they present you with a paper bag of little delicious doughnuts.....and the name printed on the bag??
Thank Q

Pretty good but not Texas good.

My reviews are pretty much good and some of the places I don't care for ; never really in between , so I apologize .
Bobby Q is AWESOME!
My husband and I drive by when going to the airport and its always strikes curiosity .
My husband picked me up from the airport and we decided to give it ago.
The restaurant was much nicer than expected and cool atmosphere actually.
My husband had the bobby q burger which was yummy and the beer battered fries ...delish.
I ordered brisket and baby back ribs with the intention to have leftovers, The brisket was perfectly cooked , so moist and flavorful.
The Ribs ; perfect Smokey flavor and fork friendly.
If you ever questioned on whether you should check it out or not...JUST DO IT !

Finally tried this place after passing it everyday.
We went on a Friday night at 8:00 and we still had a 20 minute wait.
While we waited we sat in the bar and had a cocktail.
The bartender was great.
While waiting he asked if we wanted to look at the menu while we were waiting for our table.
We did of course and they had a great selection of dishes.
Once we got seated by the rotisserie in the back the server asked if we had ever been there.
Too which we both said no.
Then she asked if we had ever been there while it was Bobby McGee's which I had since I grew up in the area and that was the place to go back in the 80's/90's for a fun and nice dinner.
She said it's actually ran by the same owners he just sold it to a corporate company.
I must say the decor was much better than it was back when it was Bobby's McGee's that's for sure.
The server went to describe some signature dishes and cocktails.
She was great!
We had the Pulled BBQ Chicken Sandwich (which was very good) with a side of their Mac n Cheese and also had the Wedge Salad, and two more sides of Mac n Cheese (cuz I wasn't going to share my mac n cheese) and then I had another side of the roasted corn.
While everything was great the corn wasn't so great.
They take it off the cob for you which is fine but the corn was a bit soggy and over cooked.
I wanted my corn to have a bit of crunch to it still.
It had nothing.
The Wedge salad was awesome.
Perfect amount of Blue Cheese Crumbles, Bacon, Tomatoes...very tasty.
Much to our surprise they give everyone a Thank-U bag of mini donuts that were so good!
Overall Bobby Q's was very good and we will for sure be back soon.

Why aren't these guys at the Best in the West Nugget Rib Cook-off??
Their ribs are literally, physically, whole heartedly, ballistically, supercalifragilistically fall off the bone tender.
The meat was holding on for dear life but didn't have a chance.
I ordered a full slab just for myself.
Mmmhmm pick up your mouth from off the floor, I sure did.
AND....ANDDDDDD, when they give you your bill they bring it with fresh, just fried, pipin hot mini donuts sprinkled w/sugar!!
If you're in the Phoenix area and want some bangin BBQ, take yo a55 to Bobby-Q.
You'll be glad you did.

Stopped in for a business lunch and it does not get any better.
Was visiting town on business and the client suggested the venue.
This joint hits on all cylinders.
Greeted and seated promptly.
Friendly but not intrusive server who was always there at the right time.
Great corn bread to start.
Had the BBQ chicken sandwich and shoestring fries.
Delicious.
Also, the five you a mini sugar donut made onsite with your bill.
OMG best part of the meal.
Leaves you with a great taste in your mouth.
Pun perhaps intended or not ;)

My hubby & I aren't the biggest BBQ fans but Bobby Q is definitely a fav of ours!
I have been here a few times for lunch with my dad & the engineering company I used to work for would always order it in for lunch meetings.
Last night I wasn't in the mood to cook dinner so I called in a to go order & used my $50 gc I got for my bday, thx bro!
I ordered the following for the Mr. & I: q-rolls (app), smokehouse burger (no bbq sauce-add mustard) with shoestring fries, half rack of back baby ribs with mac & cheese & potato salad & for dessert their homemade mud pie.
Oh & it also came with 4 pieces of cornbread & I bought a bottle of their BBQ sauce.
The q-rolls were so freakin good, the chipotle dip that comes with is delish!
My hubs said his burger was just ok but loved the fries.
My ribs were fall off the bone tender & the mac & cheese was yummy.
I didn't have room for the potato salad, but I've had it before & it's always good.
I have to say their cornbread is so amazing, possibly the best I've ever had!
The mud pie was just ok, the cookie crust had a weird taste & they used vanilla & chocolate ice cream, I prefer it with mocha.
My hubby however, thought it was very good.
We'll definitely be back whenever we have a craving for some delicious BBQ!

On our recent trip here I decided to try the Southern Fried Chicken.
It was very juicy and extremely tasty.
The chicken was also boneless which made it very easy to eat.
The chicken was also skinless but still had their own "skin" on it with their seasonings.
Very tasty indeed!
It came with a side of white gravy which was perfect to drizzle on top or dunk in each bite.
The piece of chicken was quite large so I definitely have left overs.
I again had to have the side of their mac n cheese as it's so yummy.

RIBS!!!
The ribs at Bobby Q's are simply amazing.
Let me start at the beginning.
This restaurant is very inviting.
Open  yet cozy and the patio is nice too.
They bring you hot corn bread when you sit down that is to die for.
They bring butter with it but I think it is already drenched in butter.
Very rich and delicious.
Not your typically dry corn bread by a long shot.
My husband and I ordered the 3 meat combo that comes with 2 sides.
We ordered the short ribs, pulled pork and "Broasted" chicken with Macaroni and Cheese and cole slaw with pecans.
The ribs were are absolutely our favorite.
Best ribs we've ever had.
The pulled pork was equally good and the chicken was great too although we would have liked a piece of white meat.
As someone else stated, they bring their two sauces in warming containers so that the sauce is warm and doesn't cool your meat.
The spicy sauce was our favorite and we used the entire container.
My husband said the mac-n-cheese was the best he had ever had.
It was good, I'm just not an expert on that dish.
I liked the pecans on the cole slaw.
My son was with us and he ordered the cheeseburger off of the kids menu.
The adult menu claimed to have some sort of fantastic burger and he was not happy that we made him get the kids burger.
Until it came.
They do not skimp on the kids!
His burger was huge, hand formed, and absolutely delicious!
He kept going on about how great it was so I had to have a bite.
Grilled deliciousness.
The fresh made donuts they give you on the way out are a nice touch but I was way to full to even comtemplate trying one.
My husband and son said they were great.
Only disappointment-Shoestring Fries.
I like big steak fries.
We will be back!

Baffled at the ratings this place gets.
The ambiance is nice, and it would be a fun place to go with a group of friends for drinks and "pre-gaming it" before going out.
But...  My family and I are rib lovers, and in no way shape or form did Bobby Q make the grade.
The waiter touted them as smoking "all of their meats" for over 18 hours.
I almost fell of the booth, because you smoke meat that long either it's going to get bitter from the amount of creosote building up, or at the very least it'd be overcooked (well, perhaps except for pulled pork).
Ribs can tolerate about 5 hours.
His hyperbole was obvious.
Perhaps some people get really excited when they hear this line, because it's supposed to sound impressive.
I ordered the St. Louis style spares, and parents ordered the baby backs.
All of the ribs were overcooked and mushy ("falling off the bone").
The spares were actually better cooked than the babys, which isn't saying much.
Interestingly enough, the babys were very fatty, in fact my Dad was spitting out pieces of fat.
Spares were not as bad (go figure, given it's usually the other way around).
We are not "fat shy" but this was really excessive.
The rack was not trimmed properly.
The ribs tasted smoked, although not an overly pronounced smoke ring.
Definitely not smoked 18 hours.
People freak about the Mac & Cheese here, but it's really nothing special.
Creamy and they certainly use processed cheese (which isn't always bad), but nothing more.
I really liked the beans - not too sweet.
In short, I could see how the other offerings on the menu may be good, and given the ambience and service another experience with different food may give better ratings, but ya gotta do your ribs well if you are going to call yourself a BBQ restaurant.
Once again, the lack of good BBQ in Phoenix continues to amaze me.
As a side note, we had leftover ribs.
I came home with my parents and was about to take them in the house.
My parents said, "you really aren't going to eat those, are you"?
I said, "probably not".
Into the trash they went.

After seeing that over 130 people had already reviewed this place I almost decided to not post but I felt like with the quality of food and service that we received it would be unfair to not do my part to pump this place up.
We showed up for lunch and were greeted immediately upon entering.
We sat outside on the patio and there were a few comments from my fellow diners about how comfortable and well decorated the place was.
The service was great.
Very attentive and efficient.
She was right on with the drink refills and did everything with a smile.
My brother had the pulled pork sandwich and managed to finish it, but just barely.
His girlfriend did the same.
I decided to try the sample platter consisting of sausage, ribs, and chicken.
I was not sorry.
The sausage was very tasty but wasn't overpowering.
The chicken was done with plenty of flavor and not at all dry.
The ribs were great as well.
I couldn't finish the plate so I get to enjoy the leftovers tonight.
There's nothing better than enjoying a meal, then being able to enjoy it again!
Don't forget to mention yelp to get your 10% off.
And enjoy your thank-Q's when you leave.

Our office gets Bobby Q's catering for meetings, and everyone loves it.
The barbecue is great.
My favorite is their yummy macaroni and cheese.

The service is outstanding!
The food is mouthwatering!
He usually has the ribs...I usually have the prime rib, both are delicious.
I love how the corn is served, slices of the corn cob with tasty bites of corn left to nibble.
The corn bread is a good as a dessert...sweet with kernels of corn within.
We have made it to dessert once.
The sub zero banana cream pie is divine.
The portions are huge and there are always leftovers to take home....plus the extra little treat they give each customer!
One of these days we'll try something else on the menu, but for now....we love ordering the same meal each time.

I can't imagine it better.
Always multiple friendly faces to greet you, and excellent service.
The onion brick is a must.
I've never been a fan of cornbread, yet I can't stop eating theirs, it's so delicious.
The BBQ is always perfect.
The sides are awesome - great beans, great coleslaw.
My daughter ordered the kids pizza - not expecting much, turns out is the best kids pizza I have EVER encountered.
Great presentation on a square piece of butcher block, and it was really good!
We all eat ourselves into a food coma, we can't even touch the cute doughnuts at the end.
I love the atmosphere and lighting as well.
I'd like it to be my living room...dinner's ready....

Before the food review, I need to praise our server, Edgar, who was efficient, adorable, and helpful.
The atmosphere is also really nice.
The portions were adequate for the price.
Now.....  Good Q flavor is a fairly subjective thing.
That being said, well-cooked meat should be pretty objective.
The meats I had here, I wasn't real excited about.
There's "falling off the bone tender," and then there's mush.
I found ours to be of the mushy variety.
The mouth-feel was pretty weird.
We had the baby backs, pulled pork, and brisket.
There was not much outer crust, and that's what held what flavor the meat possessed.
Under that was lightly-flavored mush.
The baby backs had potential.......  Sides we had:  pecan coleslaw ("we ran out of pecans") - I liked it because it wasn't of the sugary-sweet-and-gloppy southern variety, and I could actually taste the cabbage.....mac 'n' cheese - ton of very creamy sauce that was on the bland side.....beans - pretty good, and I'm not a fan of BBQ beans, usually.....roasted corn - very buttery.....corn bread - flat disks that were of the crumbly-and-not-too-sweet type, as opposed to the cake-disguised-as-cornbread kind a la Marie Callenders.
I might go back for a burger...some cornbread....some of the little doughnuts served gratis at the end of the meal.....maybe not........

Everything has been said, we love this place.
The food is consistently good with great flavors and a feeling of quality here.
service is always top notch.
we have been often and will be back for more.
we bought the Dillon's groupon and went last night and it just doesn't even come close for the same amount of money.
awesome ambiance to.

BEST BRISKET IN ARIZONA.
I am a BBQ fanatic and extremely picky.
Had the best from Texas to California, and have been let down by Arizona until I found this place.
Only been going a year, I have my own Weber Smoky Mountain smoker and rarely eat BBQ out of the house.
This place, I can honestly say, makes better brisket than i am capable of at home no matter what i try.
Brine, inject, mop...nothing seems to hold a candle to Bobby Q.
Have an onion brick, Brisket and Doughnut holes and SMILE!

I just went here for lunch today after reading lots of good reviews.
I have to say that I cannot argue with the great reviews.
The atmosphere is fun and the prices were decent.
I ordered the brisket with mac and cheese, BBQ beans, and pecan coleslaw.
The hubby ordered the brisket, pulled pork, shoestring fries and roasted veggies.
The meats was amazing, so tender and moist.
The BBQ sauce had the perfect flavor, not too tangy but not too sweet, and also not too thick.
And the sides, OMG sooooo good.
The mac and cheese was creamy and cheesy, the beans were sweet and meaty, and the coleslaw was creamy, refreshing, and the pecans were a nice contrast.
The hub let me try his fries and although they were very small and thin, they had a good flavor and I loved that some were soggy (I love soggy, greasy fries).
Oh and how could I forget, they give you cornbread cakes before your dinner arrives.
They were very tasty.
They also give you mini hot doughnuts with cinnamon and sugar at the end of your meal.
They were good, however, a little dry.
I think they could have used more flavoring in the dough or maybe some sort of icing to dip them in.
My only other complaint is that our waitress was a bit slowing in refilling our water and bringing a box along with our check.
I would say that this place definately lives up to the hype and positive reviews.
However, living in Maricopa, it takes close to an hour to get to Bobby Q's.
So I probably wont be driving out there just to eat at Bobby Qs but if I was in the neighborhood, I would definately make sure to stop  :)

Guilty pleasure!
The cornbread is so good, My bf and I seriously just ordered a bag of cornbread to take to his apt for dinner!
LOL  Great customer service, this is one of those places where no matter what you try it's still going to be delicious.

I'm sad it's taken me over a year of living just down the road to finally make it to Bobby Q.  I think it was because I moved from Florida, where BBQ is delicious and cheap, and I was reluctant to "splurge" on pulled pork at a place like this.
The ambiance is fantastic, you feel great walking in.
The last star was left off for service, which I wasn't a huge fan of.
We were attended to just fine, but I wasn't a fan of our waiter's demeanor.
He didn't seem to know the menu well, which is a shame because it isn't huge.
I kind of felt like he was reading a script, emphasizing the whole "smoked for 18 hours" thing, which rubbed me the wrong way.
But aside from the waiter not being invited to my Christmas party, the place was great.
The food was really delicious, and well worth the money.
I believe that with an appetizer, any 2 people could easily share any entree.
I do have to say this - if you go, do NOT skip out on the banana dessert.
OUT OF THIS WORLD.
I am a freak for banana pudding, but this treat is on a whole new level.
It was thick and custardy, cold and delicious.
The best part was the crust, which was almost granola-esque.
I've never had anything like it, and doubt I ever will... until I go back to Bobby Q for some more!

This place is definetly a diamond in the rough.
It is absolutely fabulous!
The first impression is a great one and the last impression is just as great.
I have yet to eat anything bad at this place.
Everything is made to perfection each time.
I love the brisket, pulled pork, and smokehouse burger.
Also, you can't forget the potato salad and mac and cheese!
Took my parents here while they were visiting and they absolutely loved it!

Here in Cali, we call it barbecue, or BBQ!
In Arizona, they call it Bobby Q.
Well, maybe not all Arizonians call it that, but a good number of them do.
When I reached out to some AZ Yelpers to find out where I can find some serious BBQ in Phoenix, almost every person mentioned Bobby's name.
Bobby Q is a huge place that looks more like an upscale steakhouse rather than a BBQ joint.
The inside is dimly lit and has a fancy, upscale decor.
They also have two big bars and a banquet room.
Right when our party of four was seated we received some delicious house made cornbread with sweet butter.
After devouring the yummy cornbread we ordered two appetizers, their Q-Rolls and their Fire Pie Pizza topped with beef brisket.
The Q-Rolls were similar to those pigs in a blanket everyone loves as a child.
Instead of mini hot dogs, Bobby stuffs the little flaky pastries with juicy beef brisket.
The Q-Rolls were incredible alone but when dipped in the chipotle sauce that comes with the app, it gave the rolls an even more fabulous taste.
The beef brisket pizza was good but not great.
They put lots of cheese on the pizza but not enough Bobby Q sauce or beef brisket.
For dinner I ordered their three meat combo with pulled pork, beef brisket and St. Louis spare ribs.
My fianc ordered the Prime Rib with Chimichuri shrimp dinner.
My dinner was big enough to feed at least two people.
Every meat was phenomenal.
The pulled pork and beef brisket were both juicy, tender and incredibly flavorful.
The St. Louis spare ribs were falling-off- the-bone tender and had a nice smoky flavor.
My girls Prime Rib was also really good but her shrimp were burnt, rubbery, and had almost no Chimichuri sauce on them, which upset her a little bit.
Once your dinners are brought to your table, they also bring out two big containers filled with warm sweet Bobby Q sauce and spicy Bobby Q sauce.
Both of these Bobby Q sauces were great but since I'm a huge fan of spicy I preferred the spicy sauce over the sweet one.
My dinner came with three sides while my girls came with two.
These are the sides we got.
Mac and cheese (we both got this)  Pecan Coleslaw Loaded Baked Potato Roasted Corn All of these sides were great but my favorite of the bunch was the Mac and Cheese.
I don't remember what my other dinner companions ordered but I do remember they all said they loved what they had.
To wash down all this great Bobby Q, we all had huge glasses of their house made sweet tea, which was super sweet and delicious.
Even though everyone was full, we all decided to share a slice of their Sub Zero Banana Cream Pie for dessert.
This pie was served ice cold and was more like a piece of banana cheese cake than a regular banana cream pie.
This pie had an amazing banana flavor and was topped with lots of caramel sauce.
To our surprise, after we finished the pie, our server brought us some home made complimentary cinnamon sugar donuts.
These little things were wonderful, I just wish I would have been a little less full so I could have enjoyed them more.
The service and prices here were both great.
Our waiter was super friendly and attentive.
Since it was our first time there he really helped us out by making suggestions and telling us what their most popular dishes are.
The prices were very reasonable seeing that you get so much food.
If your a fan of BBQ then I guarantee you will be a fan of Bobby Q.
If you ever visit Phoenix you have to check this place out.

Way to go Bob Sikora!
I used to work for Bob at Bobby McGee's during the 80's and early 90's.
Bob has always been a top notch operator with high standards.
Tough guy to work for...but he is a restaurant genius!
Bob has always loved BBQ and he went to school and found the best recipes from the south.
I ate here way back in 2005 and anytime I am back in Phoenix this is a must do for BBQ!
This as good as it gets!!

Great restaurant!
I had the brisket sandwich and loved it.
They bring out fresh cornbread before the meal which is a bonus and small little donuts for after the meal.
The restaurant has a great decor and is a very pleasant atmosphere.
If you want some good ol fashion barbecue- try this place out, you won't be let down

Pretty damn good BBQ joint, and kickass atmosphere to boot.
The service was efficient without making us feel rushed.
At our table we had the sweet onion block, the q rolls, the cornbread, pulled pork, ribs, and probably some other stuff I forgot.
Everything was awesome.
"Spicy" barbecue sauce was not spicy if you've been to Famous Dave's, but we'll let it slide since everything else was so great.

I've been to Bobby Q's 4 times now and always have gone at Happy Hour.
Why?
Because it has a nice little menu.
Today, two of us ate 3 appetizers and the bill was $14.
This is my go-to spot for West Phoenix (I live in Chandler).
Depending on your goal Bobby Q's has it - nice bar, nice restaurant, and nice club on the side.
Club: I've gone to the club twice now on Friday (not sure the hours).
Earlier in the night it is rather interesting (in a good way).
The way that I describe it as - someone brought in their iPod and put it on shuffle.
They play country, hip-hop, rap, alternative, oldies, rock, and disco all in one sitting.
This makes for an interesting dynamic as many people who want to dance to Toby Keith's "I love this bar" probably don't want to dance to the follow-up song of Soulja Boy's "Kiss me through the phone.
"  Except me of course - I stay and dance to whatever is playing.
With that said, the crowd is generally older.
I was boogying down with a lady that was 70+ and having a ball.
Later in the night (read: after 10pm) the crowd changes to an urban crowd and has a crowd that is complimentary to that music.

I was staying at a hotel about .8 miles away as I was going to the Fiesta Bowl, and I noticed that they had an ad about delivering food to the hotel.
Then I started reading the small print.
Does not include tip, tax, $3 set up charge, etc.
I decided to go there so I called.
I told the girl where I was staying, lots of one way streets, etc.
and asked for directions from my hotel.
Lots of um's and ah's and she then asked me to wait until she got someone else on the phone.
I almost hung up and then another dizzy girl picked up and she started stammering and stuttering without any clear directions, until she told me to wait until she got someone else on the phone, and I said, "never mind" and hung up.
I went to the front desk at the hotel and the woman there gave me clear directions in about  2 minutes.
I was on the phone with the two dingbats for about 15 to 20 minutes.
I drove over and it took about 5 minutes to get there.
I walked in and the restaurant was packed, so I went into the lounge to see if I could order in there.
As I was walking about, I received "hard" looks from the guys on duty there, bouncers I guess.
I looked at the jerk, turned around and went to the reception area and asked one of the young ladies how long it would take for a table for one.
She said about an hour and a half.
I asked her if she was serious and she said "yes", so I left.
When I got back to the hotel, I tried to order take out without success.
Even though it was before 9PM and the order form said that they delivered up to that time, they said they were not delivering.
I gues it was because it was New Years Eve.
When I went to the office to look for another restaurant, I met some UConn fans, and as I was talking with them about Bobby Q, they said that Bobby Q wasn't that great when compared to a few CT barbecue places or some Southern places they visited in Charlotte during another bowl game.
The famous cornbread did not live up to its rep, so I felt better.
Then, they asked if I wanted to try some of their food.
They had a bunch of leftovers, that they weren't going to eat, and I had a microwave in my room.
Like them, I wasn't impressed with either the food or the famous sauce.
More hype than good food, an incompetent wait staff, and nasty looking guys in the lounge does not look like a good time to me.
Sorry Bobby Q.

I get a lot of flack for it from my family from St. Louis, but this is my favorite spot for BBQ.
I particularly like the spicy sauce.
The corn bread is also quite good.
I've been there a few times for dinner and go with my brother for lunch about once a month and have never had bad service.
The atmosphere and decor are great and you immediately smell the slow cooking meat as you enter the door.
Highly recommended.

The most amazing bbq and restaurant in Phoenix.
Do not let the neighborhood fool you!
The atmosphere once inside is great and the workers are always on the ball and friendly.
We eat lunch there once a week and sometimes on the weekend as well.
The food is amazing and always fresh!
I have to say that I have yet to eat something that I didn't like.
Appetizers:Must have the Q-Rolls or the Spinach and Artichoke Dip Sandwiches-Cant go wrong with the Brisket Fully loaded baked potato is amazing!
Dinner-Filet Mignon or the Chicken Fried Chicken with mashed potatoes Sides-MAC AND CHEESE PEOPLE!
Corn or the Ranch Beans.
I think I should work for this company as I am very passionate about what they serve and the customer service.
IF you are looking for night life try the club that opens up after the restaurant closes.
They provide bottle service and will even do balloons for the tables that you reserve.
They have the most amazing street tacos that are served around midnight!
I hope that someone is reading this review and heading there now!
Don't forget to try the amazing mini-doughnuts that are made fresh and served to you complimentary.

oh my god....this place is heaven on earth.
i could eat their ribs/brisket/cornbread/peach cobbler every day for the rest of my life and i would not be disappointed.
as i'm writing this im salivating/foaming at the mouth thinking about sticky bbq sauce on my fingers and in my mouth.
visual.
three of us got here during dinner on a weekday, seated promptly.
had sweet tea and a strawberry lemonade (tasted like fresh lemonade and was addicting with a sugar rim!).
Cornbread was served - delicious, sweet, buttery.
Next came a a 50/50 order of beef ribs/brisket with roasted corn and baked beans, a 50/50 of brisket/baby back ribs with walnut coleslaw and mac & cheese, and a pulled chicken sandwich.
Long story short, orgasms ensued.
The beef ribs I had, were fall off the bone tender, smoky, slathered in perfect amounts of sauce, and just so so so so damn juicy and cooked like they said they do it.
The meat just fell off when I bit into it, and the bbq sauce was so sweet and perfect.
I would dunk all the food I ever eat for the rest of my life in this sauce.
Probably the best ribs I ever had.
The brisket was delicious, fork tender, not dry at all (close to the best I've ever had).
The beans were porky, smokey, and flavorful, and the roasted corn was so so deliciously roasted.
Finished the night off with a peach cobbler, which was pretty much illegal.
Ice cream melted into a deliciously cinnamon nutmeg concoction of sweetness and cobbler, the most perfect grandma-made style cobbler  I've ever had.
Not too tart, not too sweet, just perfect.
Best BBQ i ever had.
LEGIT

1st time there... odds are it will be the last.
Ordered the BBQ pork and BBQ brisket sandwiches... couldn't taste the difference between the two.
the meat was tender but lacked flavor.
The mac n cheese was just like store bought Velveta... nothing special... nothing great.
The pickle was good...  tea wasn't bad.
The peach cobbler... the crust tasted like it had onion powder in it.. really off putting.
So... it was edible.. but.. it wasn't cracked up to what I thought the place was going to be after reading all the wonderful reviews.
Nice atmosphere... but... the BBQ wasn't anything special.
there are several smaller BBQ places around Phoenix which are much better.
Sadly... even Famous Dave's was better than this place IMO.
So... 1 1/2 -2 stars....
I had much better.
Hatch

Best BBQ I've had in AZ.
I smoke meat every other month or so but love to be treated.
Most places smother meats in crappy bbq sauce but they were really light on it and I got to enjoy the meat.
I had the brisket and pulled pork.
I have to say the brisket was hands done great!!
The beans weren't anything special personally.
But the corn was good as was the mac and chz and dear god how could I forget!!??
The corn bread!
I'm super picky on corn bread but it was awesome!
No honey needed!
Def a cute set up as well.
The little booths around the bar was great.
And they have a dance floor at night on the weekends.
Awesome place!
Highly recommended!

i really enjoy this restuarant.
but does anyone else miss bobby mcgees and its maze-like interior filled with would-be actors who honed their craft as servers?
and there's nothing like scooping salad out of an oversized bathtub.
that's all i'm saying.

Spotted this gem from the 17 FWY.
Just visiting Phoenix for a weekend, I turned to my boyfriend and said, "We have to go there before we head back to LA.
" He was totally on board once I showed him the pics from Yelp.
Banana Cake, Doughnuts, Meat.
Yum!
We didn't even know until the day of that we would get a 10% discount for mentioning Yelp!
Bobby Q rocks!
One Whole Hog Heaven and four refills of Arnold Palmer later, we were in Bobby Q Heaven.
My God!!!
Check out the pic I uploaded with caption -- "Feast your eyes on the Whole Hog Heaven" Yup.
That's my boyfriend, the most perfect man for taking me here, and buying me the best BBQ I've ever had, ever.
Period.
Service was perfect.
Adam was extremely attentive.
Great personality.
He even brought me a cole slaw sample because I was inquiring about it, but didn't end up ordering it!
Needless to say, we were so impressed that we left a 50% tip.
Seriously, Bobby Q and Adam are that good.
Vibe is perfect.
Decor is amazing.
Indoor/Outdoor seating.
Food is fantabulous.
Service is impeccable.
Oh, the best - when you pull into the parking lot, before you even get out of your car, you can smell the smokey meat goodness.
All of their meat is smoked/cooked for 24 hours before hitting your mouth.
That means that all the meat is fall off the bone perfection.
And the extra bonus - the moistiest corn bread before your meal and the sweetest cinnamon sugar doughnuts after your meal.
What more could you ask for?!
I want a Bobby Q location in Los Angeles.
In fact, why not put one in every city?
This stuff definitely needs to be shared.

Went to Bobby Q's for dinner with some friends and have mixed reviews about their food.
I had their Burger and it was 5+ stars!
It was a mouth fun fest from start to finish.
The meat was smokey and very tasty.
Well done, but I was OK with that.
The sides of Mac and Cheese were some of the best I've ever tasted and their seasoned fries were awesome!
My friend had their pulled pork sandwich and it was 2-3 star rating.
It was bland tasting and needed lots of their BBQ sauce for flavor.
Their coleslaw was also missing a flavor punch, so he added some hot sauce to help it out.
The donuts were "meh" a little too greasy and needed the tons of sugar.
Why make them if they are just "meh", your cornbread is much better!
Looking forward to trying their ribs, surf & turf and banana cake on my next visit!

Went  again to Bobby Qs and once again found what I've found before: it's so good it's almost perfect.

Wow.. steaks are hand cut and very flavorful.
Had the shredded pork taquitos for appetizer...yummy.
The baby back ribs were smoked to perfection but a little fatty.. the sides were great.
Mac and cheese for sure.
The warm, soft cinnamon donuts in a brown bag was a nice finish.
Service was great.
Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu.
Great atmosphere.. Latin club next door for dancing after youve had some beers..
I definitely recommend.

If you've never been to bobby q you have got to go!
One of the best meals I've ever had!
Mashpotatoes to die for & try the q rolls beef brisket in a tauqito type breading with a chipotle dipping sauce??
Yes please!

So I have been here twice now and had two VERY different experiences.
The first being on a Saturday night.
Service was excellent and the food I thought was delicious.
My husband had the steak and he was it was just okay, but he is a food weirdo, so I would take his opinion like a grain of salt.
I had the brisket, baby backs, and pulled pork.
All were delish.
I had the mashed potatoes and corn on the side and thy were really good too.
The second time we were there was last night, Monday.
It was my birthday so I wanted someplace yummy so I chose Bobby Q's.
Let me start by saying the waiter was young and had serious time management issues.
He took our drink order, dropped the drinks and ran.
Didn't ask if we wanted a appetizer, which we did, so strike one.
I get my meal and its missing the brisket and the waiter was no where to be found.
Finally he comes out and I ask for the brisket and he brings it and its cold.
Again we have to wait for the waiter and in the meantime our drinks were empty and we needed refills, strike 2.
Then I get to the beef ribs on my plate and they taste like soap, no joke.
By the way, I am still waiting for the waiter.
At this point I am livid.
Waiter shows up, I ask for manager.
Manager comes I explain my brisket being cold, ribs taste like soap, waiter sucks....He offers me something else, I said no thanks, I lost my appetite.
He offers dessert, of course my 7 year old, begs for me to say okay, so I said okay we will try the peach cobbler.
We get the cobbler and it was nasty!!!!
Tasted like onions...Way nasty....Strike 11000000.... Never coming back , EVER....Sad because I liked this place the first time...This being said, our bill was still over 30 bucks even with mine taken off the bill.
One adult and one child and an appetizer and no alcohol????
Still a little steep for a customer who is pissed....

Solid food choices, great happy hour beer prices, and lots of room for large groups, Bobby Q's is one great place.
I had the 3 meat combo with baby backs, beef ribs, and brisket.
Ribs were tender and moist, and the brisket was fall-apart good.
My only complaint would be the sweetness of the BBQ sauce, but then they provide you with a spicy option at your table when the food comes out, so problem solved!
Bonus, when you check in on Yelp you get a 10% discount off your bill.
And props to our server Emmy, who did a great job dealing with 6 wise-ass baseball fans and kept our whole meal running smoothly.
I will DEFINITELY be back to Bobby Q's on future visits and I highly recommend it!

Why oh why have I waited so long to come here on a Friday night?
You get a a fabulous little mini buffet that has tri tip, nachos, shrimp, cheese, and its free?
Oh and the drink prices?
Two very strong drinks, $4.50 each?
What?
Are you kidding me?
Tons of people which makes for great people watching, great food, good happy hour prices?
Again why did I wait so long?
Oh I will be back.
That is for certain.

First time at Bobby Qs!
Four of us went for a birthday dinner last .
We had the baby backs, sirloin steak and prime rib.
Also baked potatoes, coleslaw and corn (buttery roasted corn shaved off the cob).
And of course the corn bread and donuts.
Everything was DELICIOUS!
I was skeptical about getting the prime rib because at many places it can be really fatty and you end up not getting much meat.
Not here!
The waiter (Josh) assured me it was a lean cut of meat, and it was!
Very tender and flavorful.
The steaks were perfectly cooked and the ribs were tender with not too much sauce.
(The ribs were not "mush" like other reviewers have said.
) They also treated us to a piece of yummy banana cream pie as a birthday treat (the crust was thick and nutty) - tastefully presented with no annoying restaurant staff choir.
It was very nice.
All that being said, the outside of the building and the inside don't match.
We used to go to Bobby McGees so I did sort of expect the old Bobby McGees atmosphere - with old bathtubs and mismatched furniture... it was a goofy, fun place back in the day.
Now the interior is just nice.
Not that that's bad.
Oh, and we mentioned Yelp and got a 10% discount.

Great BBQ what more can I say.

It's an All American BBQ joint... with an adjunct, weekend Latino dance club.... Yeop.
What you MUST order:  Appetizer: Q- Roll Side: Mac n Cheese Main Dish: Anything  Alcoholic Beverage: Shipwrecked.... only need one for the WHOLE table  Try to sit outside, really nice atmosphere.
Fish Fry Fridays during Lent (comes with Two sides for $10.99)!
And don't forget to tell the waiter about the Yelp 10% off Discount!
AND you don't even need to order dessert because they give you FREE Cinnamon and Sugar Donut Holes!
Unusual thing is that on Friday and Saturday nights there's another side of the bar that opens into a club.
Does NOT affect the dining experience.
Our Cabbie told us it was SUPER GHETTO, we'd probably be mauled immediately upon entrance, and possibly beat up by thugs- not the case.
Very safe.

Very Yummy BBQ here.
You can smell it from the parking lot.
It is in the middle of the neighborhood, but don't doubt it!
You get mini donuts at the end of your meal.

grabbed a full rack of ST LOUIS RIBS and some sides at the carryout window.
they were fall-off-the-bone tender -- i like my ribs a bit more toothsome but BOBBY Q's delivers on the whole tender promise.
nice smokey flavor and both sauces were tangy and full flavored without being too sweet.
the sides were tasty.
the potato salad was nearly as good as mine (which is very good) and the mac-n-cheese was creamy and rich.
the ladies at the counter were as nice as can be.
next time i'm in the PHOENIX area, i'm gonna make a point of having a sit down experience at BOBBY Q's.
maybe i'll even try the brisket and pulled pork ...

I've driven by this spot so many times on the 17 and finally decided to look it up on yelp.
Based on the mostly rave reviews my boyfriend and I decided to give it a shot.
First off I was really excited about the mac n cheese since so many people said it was amazing.
I was severely disappointed and agree with another reviewer who said it tasted like velveeta.
I'm convinced that's exactly what it was.
The beans tasted like watered down canned baked beans.
Okay, now that the bad is out of the way let me tell you about the good.
We ordered the Q rolls as recommended and we weren't disappointed.
Both sauces were tasty.
We couldn't decide on what to get so we went with hog heaven to try a bit of everything.
We chose the St. Louis ribs, the beef ribs, brisket, and pulled pork.
Our sides were mac n cheese, beans, and roasted corn.
We had to ask for cornbread.
The cornbread was good, on the caky side but still good.
The roasted corn was very good, I recommend it.
The brisket and pulled pork were definitely up to par.
I grew up on both.
They weren't quite my dad's, but still worthy of recommendation.
Both ribs were fall off the bone.
I hadn't has St. Louis ribs before and I wont get them again.
They were on the spicy side, which I personally don't prefer.
The beef ribs were very tasty and I would order them again.
After waiting for some boxes we started to look around at the other tables.
The baked potatoes look awesome, stuffed to the hilt of goodness.
They also had vegetables.
No mac n cheese or beans in sight.
We'll definitely follow suit next time.
All in all we were pleased with the experience.
The main food was done right and the restaurant and atmosphere was great.
The service was definitely to our liking.
The 10% off from yelp was also a bonus :)  We are both huge fans of honey bears and their sauce, although as of late the ribs haven't been fall off the bone.
We are considering buying honey bears' sauce and getting Bobby Q's beef ribs to go without the sauce.

They usually have pretty good deals for two or more people.
I have been able to try just about everything from chicken to brisket to pulled pork and ribs.
I loved it all.
The homemade sides are a must.
Mac and cheese-YES!
Usually no room for desert.
Will definitely return.

Get the Q Rolls!
Everything was excellent!!

I eat here twice a month because it os close to work, but it's worth the drive from any where.
It is one of the best BBQ joints I've eaten at.
Staff are friendly and the service is good.
I need to eat here sometime when I'm not working so I can enjoy a bevie.
It's has a fun decor that is probably enhanced with alcohol.
;-)

The atmosphere is unique, unlike other bar-b-que places I've been to.
The patio is much like a garden patio at a home with brick walls and plants high enough to block the traffic / side street noises.
The indoors has a rustic, yet, elligant patio feel to it with the brick walls and rustic wood ceilings.
The furniture is again, more of a patio feel than a typical bar-b-que restaurant.
The noise level was not too loud that you couldn't hear people at your own table.
The food was wonderful!
Although my husband said their burger was too greasy, that was the only downfall.
My brother and I had the St. Louis ribs.
The way they caramelize the bar-b-que sauce on the ribs is great.
They aren't runny with sauce dripping down your hand.
The rib meat falls off the bone and easy enough to eat with a fork or picking it up.
The sides were great.
I had the macaroni and cheese which was definitely homemade.
Not runny and not too dry.
The cheese flavor was not too strong either.
I would  be prepared to wait a bit for a table because they appeared to always be busy.
Overall, I really enjoyed this place and would go back again!

Only good on Tuesday.
Watch out for the door man with butter teeth!

If want a lot of food in a friendly and casual atmosphere, this is the place.
I had a half a BBQ chicken w/ Mac and cheese and cole slaw.
It was more than enough food.
Mixed with cold beer, a table outside, and quick, friendly service, this is a great casual meal.

I heard a lot about this place and their bbq ribs & sauce.
I finally ate here and well...I rather go to famous dave's but their mac & cheese is good :)

Best BBQ we have ever eaten.
We got the big combo platter, and expected to like a couple of the options (you can choose up to 4), but we loved everything - beef ribs, brisket, pork, and St. Louis ribs.
The Mac and Cheese was to die for, very cheesey, almost too cheesey.
It was our first time there, so we were so pleasantly surprised when they handed us the WARM donuts as we paid the bill.
Really delicious.

Went to Bobby-Q for lunch and tried the sampler platter.
For my platter I got the baby back ribs, ST. Louis ribs and the smoked BBQ pork with a side of mac and cheese.
My compadre got the same platter but substituted for the sliced beef brisket and pecan Cole slaw so we could both share.
Before your food arrives you get two pieces of corn bread and butter and at the end of your meal you receive a sugar donut.
By noon the restaurant was standing room only and our server was very attentive and refilled my ice tea three times.
The rib meat really does fall off the bone and you can smell the hickory wood and taste the dry rubbed spices with each bite of rib which was mouthwatering and delicious.
We asked the waiter to bring extra BBQ sauce so he brought us the sweet and the spicy sauce to sample.
Baby Back Ribs (Sweet Sauce) ST. Louis Ribs (Spicy Sauce) Sliced Beef Brisket BBQ Pork  Bobby-Q is my favorite BBQ restaurant in Phoenix and my next favorite would be Famous Dave's BBQ or Tom's BBQ in Tempe.

Had the pulled pork, brisket and ribs.
Their meat is slow smoked so it's very tender and very good.
Nice atmosphere and great service also!

I don't get it.
This does not do bbq justice.
bbq should be at a no-frills joint with limited service, a clear view of the smoker, and paper towels everywhere.
this looks more like a chili's.
Ordered the ribs and tasted mostly the sauce.
Which is okay sauce, but not the main draw when you order ribs.
Also the service was pretty mediocre to unprofessional.

This place is a Solid B.
As a guy from KC I feel qualified to say they have great BBQ.
Those rolls and brisket are really good.
The place is a pretty nice restaurant and I hate nice BBQ places.
The prices are pretty high and truthfully you could do better for less money.

If your visiting from out of town you must eat at Bobby Q's.
The sweet tea and lemonade are so refreshing.
The "hog heaven" plate has enough food to feed 4 people and absolutely delicious.
We enjoyed the restaurant and especially the complimentary mini donuts and cornbread.

Great food!
Great service!

I was really concerned when we drove up and couldn't smell any BBQ smells.
That is always a bad omen.
Let's break down the good points, first.
Very nice staff and clean restaurant.
I would roll around naked in their cornbread and ask to be buried with the mac & cheese.
The meat preparation of the ribs and the pulled pork was really nice.
However.
The sauce sucks.
Both the regular and the spicy are thin and lack flavor.
You can taste the ketchup in the sauce and little else.
The onion brick was cold and greasy and the shoestring fries were limp and flavorless.
This is the first time my husband has been to a bbq place and not basically licked his plate clean.
He left over half of his brisket sandwich.
Unheard of.
The meal was pricey and mediocre.
This is far from the best bbq.

As we neared Bobby Q's from the rear entrance in the dark, my wife and I had to assume it was the popular bbq place by the glowing Christmas-style lights adorned on the roof and beer signs on the side of the roadhouse-inspired building, as there aren't any signs to notify potential customers of it's presence from that entrance.
Upon nearing the building on foot, I was impressed with all of the outside seating available, complete with an outside bar and several TV's.
We were promptly seated, as it didn't appear very busy for a Saturday evening.
The hostess and waitress were very friendly and knowledgeable.
Soon after ordering our drinks, we were given two pieces of cornbread, which were tasty and not just regular square, dry cornbread that comes from the box.
Soon after we each ate a piece of cornbread and had consumed some our drinks, we couldn't believe it when our order arrived so quickly!
(I've had to wait much longer at Dairy Queen for food).
I got a half rack of St Louis-style ribs, which were very good, but a little more expensive than other places charge, but worth it for the quality of service and cleanliness of the restaurant.
The macaroni and cheese didn't disappoint us.
It was very cheesy and pleasing to the taste buds.
I was pleasantly surprised to find out that they give a ten percent discount when you check-in there on yelp, which is always an added incentive.
After finishing our meal, we were given a couple of "Thank Q's,"  which are their freshly made small doughnuts that are a nice little complimentary dessert.
Overall, I was impressed with the restaurant and plan on returning there.
I would definitely recommend it to friends, or anyone who wants to have a good time with a large party.

This was the first time I have been here since the name change from Bobby McGee's.
First appearance, it seems like the old place, with changes of course.
The first thing that struck me was that all the Super Heroes were gone....those were the days when you could come in an have Batman (or if your lucky,...WONDER WOMAN) serving your food.
But like all things, we have to grow up.
Ever since El Paso BBQ closed down on 43rd and Peoria, I have been looking for good BBQ.
Well, lo and behold...at Bobby Q's, I FOUND IT!
Start off with the Q rolls (which is a beef brisket rolled in a tortilla and then deep fried) and go right into your 2 or three meat platter.
OH YEAR!
The brisket is great, the pork is pulled perfectly, and all the meats are tender, juicy and flavorful!
Kristi indulged in a traditional chicken fried chicken and I will be darned if it was not the best I have had in Arizona!
I had to force down the macaroni and cheese, which was also cheesy and flavorful, but I managed,  As we were leaving at 9:45 PM on a Saturday, the lines were already opening up for the party scene on the bar side....so it shows that even though its no longer the Bobby McGees I grew up with, it hasn't lost its lister for the night life!
Highly recommended!

Good Q and great sides but the portions are really small for the price.
$9 for a pulled pork sandwich that was only about 4 bites.
I got a 3 meat combo that should have filled me but had to ask for more cornbread to get full.

Stopped by for lunch on our way to the Grand Canyon with a group of 7.
YELP didn't fail me again on this one!
Awesome 5 Star service, good quality bbq, very nice both inside and out!
I can see this place being slammed during peak hours, or at least it should be!
Definitely would make a return visit if ever back in AZ.

Great place, I will be coming back but if you wanna eat here make sure you call ahead for reservations or you will be waiting about a hour to eat...

I love taking the guys at the end of the week to this place.
Great food, beer.
Good times...

Navigating the parking lot and figuring out which door to go in was interesting the first trip, but once inside, I liked the decor.
High ceilings with obligatory (this IS Phoenix after all) yet interesting leaf-looking fans, huge wood doors (non-functional) and unique and interesting antique pieces definitely added to the overall feel of the place for me.
I like places with some character.
Though the contrast with the more modern and trendy tables, chairs and centerpieces on the tables along with the high-energy model-slim all-in-black with plunging necklines waitstaff was odd for me.
I mean, pretty is pretty, but I'm looking for tasty food and a warm welcome, not warmth anywhere else if you know what I'm saying (that's what places like Hooters were made for, no?).
I'm a bit more low-key when I dine out, though I must compliment the attentiveness and overall service.
My iced tea glass was never empty and "to go" boxes (with Thank-Q donuts) were promptly brought when requested (eyes always bigger than stomach).
Now - the food.
Definitely the place to go when you're craving really tender meat.
The brisket is divine and they had me at pulled pork.
Seriously.
Meat roasted for 18 hours and I didn't have to do it myself?
Heaven!!
Now everyone seems to rave about the mac & cheese, but personally I am in love with the ranch beans - with pieces and shreds of brisket and pork in it.
I was surprised at how tasty it was.
I'd do takeout just for that.
The spinach artichoke dip was a bit high-fat for me and I had to stop after a few bites though my dining companion was happy to finish it off.
Tasty but heavy.
The peach cobbler was not my choice, but I did have some and it was ok for what it was but it didn't wow me.
I will definitely be back for more brisket, pulled pork and ranch beans, but I may just as well get it "to go.

Im a little biased with my wife being the catering manager, but excellent food is excellent food and great service is great service.
Being in the restraunt business I truly admire when the easy things are done right.
Great service, excellent food and a clean store.

Went to Phoenix on business and I wanted to take an associate out for lunch.
He always talks about how much he loves BBQ ribs so I did a search on Yelp and decided on Bobby Q.
They did not disappoint.
Not only was the entire meal one of the best BBQ I ever had, but they took 10% of the bill for mentioning Yelp.
How cool is that?
Great place, great waitresses and phenomenal ribs and sides...

Good food, and great service.
It wasn't 10 minutes before our order hit the table.
The ribs were tender as can be without losing texture.

The atmosphere is very nice, the service was great, the food was a mixed bag.
There were three in the party.
One had the pulled pork and one had the brisket.
Both were very tender and tasty.
The third member had the baby back ribs and was not very impressed.
We ordered a mix of sides so we could taste several.
The baked potato and roasted corn were also nothing impressive.
The pecan cole slaw is just slaw with pecan bits on top.
Nice flavor.
The grilled veg was a nice mix and grilled till tender.
The mashed potatoes and mac & cheese were yummy!
One of us had the Bobby-Q amber ale.
It was very good and served in a very frosty glass.
Desserts were good but not outstanding.
All in all, a nice place to eat with good food for typical prices.
Would definitely go back again and try something else.

Bobby Q's has excellent barbeque with a great atmosphere, service, and happy hour specials.
I went with a large party (18) co-workers from all over the country and everyone was extremely satisfied with their selections.
The ribs and slow cooked brisket and pork were delicious and the selection excellent.
Their desserts were delectable as well (I had the chocolate cake).

I have never had BBQ in the South, Texas, or anywhere outside of California (except Bobby Q), but of all the places I've tried, Bobby Q is my current favorite BBQ place EVER!
I found this place on Yelp and came here while on a trip to Arizona.
The place was pretty crowded but we only  waited about 15-20 minutes.
We ordered babyback ribs, St. Louis ribs, corn, and mac&cheese.
They also give you DELICIOUS AMAZING CORNBREAD!
Everything was excellent.
The St. Louis ribs were the best ribs I have ever had.
They were extremely tender and had a nice flavorful bark on the  outside with dark grill marks.
Their BBQ sauce was equally awesome and the kind I like -- a bit more on the sweeter side, less on the vinegary side.
The babyback ribs were also tasty, but not as flavorful (and less meat of course) than the St. Louis ones.
The sides were good but more forgettable due to the sheer perfection of their ribs.
I don't know if I will ever be in Phoenix again, but this place is a must-return if I ever am.
Oh and at the end of the meal, they gave us complimentary, piping hot FRESH cinnamon donuts!
That double-won me over.
I want Bobby Q right now.

Directions say address is N 27th Ave.  Don't believe it.
Regardless of which direction you are coming from, exit I-17 at 207, Dunlap Ave., and go south on the west frontage road.
When 27th splits off stay on the frontage road and the place is just ahead.
We had the whole hog, which is two half racks of ribs, two platters of meat, and three sides.
We fed three and still took a box home.
The baby back ribs were succulent and tasty, and the St. Louis ribs were almost as good, but the brisket was to die for.
Not the best BBQ I have ever had, but clearly the best in Arizona.
I will go back when I am in Phoenix.

Great food, good service.
Check out the Saturday Steak and Crab special, it is yummy.
I really love the roasted corn.

Had the pulled pork and Mac/cheese.
Very yummy.
Strawberry lemonade very tasty too.
Nice decor/ambiance and very friendly service.
My first official food consumed in Arizona - it was a fine choice!!!
I'll be back!

Good food, but they messed up our to-go order, they forgot the cornbread and one side, no mac and cheese tonight.
How hard is it to put the food in the bag?
We probably won't go back, Haps and Joe's Real BBQ are just as good, probably better, and they've never forgotten anything.
Too hot to drive back to get the missing things.

Food was great!
Drinks we're great!
Service was great!
The overall experience was awesome!
After having a horrible experience at Thee Pitts Again we had to find a new BBQ place and we are glad to have found this one!
We went on a Saturday night around 6 -7 and we had a 15-20 min wait which was well worth it.
One of the managers brought us a sample of the Macaroni and Cheese....
IT WAS AMAZING!
Almost needed a glass of milk to wash it down with!
We will be returning!

I don't care for BBQ... but this was pretty awesome

this place never fails to amaze me!
great atmosphere and service and the food is unbelievable.
the catfish is amazing!

Great food, crowded Friday night but were seated in 10 mins.
Food price ranges from $ to $$$ perfect for everyone.
Food was delicious great decor a must try!

Easily some if the best BBQ I have ever had.
Be sure to get there early, there is almost always a wait.
I come here almost every time I am in the Phoenix area.

This is about as good as it gets.
Most BBQ places get a few things right but this place has their act together.
All the sides mentioned earlier are awesome from the Mac & Chesse, roasted corn and cornbread.
The baby backs are perfectly done and falling off the bone, The manager stopped by to see if everything was to our liking.
The little bag of donuts as we were leaving was a nice touch.
I'll be back!

I have been to many a bbq spot and Bobby Q is at the top.
Here on vacation with family and everything we tried was soo good!
Have to get the Q rolls to begin.
Pulled pork and chicken....top shelf.
Brisket melt in your mouth and bbq burger was so tasty (close to my favorite Hodads!).
Cornbread as good as anywhere.
Way to go Bobby Q!

This rating is based on catered food - I haven't been into the restaurant since it was Bobby McGee's - and maybe the food is better when eaten there.
Someone from work had Bobby Q's cater in last week.
One star is for getting the order and all the extras right.
Plenty of buns, plates, silverware and wetnaps to go around.
The other star is for the cornbread muffins - they were pretty damn good.
Meats were pork, chicken, brisket and ribs.
In the interest of this review, I decided to sample all.
The texture of the meats was the only way I could tell the difference.
The brisket was sliced, the ribs were with bones, the pork was all gristle and the chicken was - um, the other one.
Really, flavorwise, they were identical.
How on earth did they manage to pull that off?
We had large containers of the regular and spicy bbq sauce.
Good thing I loaded up on the spicy.
It wasn't.
At all.
But it actually had some flavor - so I cringe to think what the regular would have tasted like.
I enjoyed the texture of the cole slaw - it had a much finer shred than most.
Too bad it was tasteless.
If the slaw tasted as good as it looked and felt in my mouth, I'd add an extra star and probably go there just to make a meal of the coleslaw and cornbread.
Lacking space on my plate - I skipped the mac n cheese and beans.
Based on reviews from people here I know and trust - I am guessing it's way better in the restaurant - but as far as catered bbq goes, the best thing I can really say is it was a free meal for me - so I guess I got fair value for the price I paid.
Meh, indeed.

LOVE this place.
Free cornbread, LOVE.
Free mini-donuts at the end of your meal, LOVE.
10% off thanks to yelp, LOVE!
My friends and I always get the Whole Hog Heaven.
It's the most bang for you buck for sure and then some!
I've tried all sorts of different combinations and would recommend everything EXCEPT the chicken, it was a little too dry for me.
And ALL the sides I've tried are delicious: corn, mashed potatoes, shoe string fries, mac n' cheese...perfect!
The Q rolls appetizer are a must-get appetizer with the Chipotle sauce!
Service is always great too!
The Q Lounge next door seems like it would be a fun place to go post meal as well.
We didn't go but it looked like it was bumpin' and they played some good music!

My waistline theories go like this: if it's free, the calories don't count.
This goes for items like free bread, butter, candies at the end of the meal and especially the free donuts they give me before I leave Bobby Qs.
Those definitely do not count towards my waistline.
Bobby Qs is a your run of the mill BBQ restaurant with fun (and slightly cheesy) decor, fatty yet satisfying and tasty food and overall a fun time.
This restaurant is hidden off of random side streets but the catch is that you can see it from the 17.
Like I said, the food here is fatty but pretty good.
Expect BBQ food with a chain-like feel.
The atmosphere is the same.
In summary, if you're in the area and get hungry, this is a great option.
I think it would also be fun for a low key group dinner.
Plus, they serve those donuts.
Yum.

Took the family (2 adults, kids:2,3, & 6).
Ordered the big sample platter $35 i think, and it was enough for all of us.
2 different kinds of ribs, 2 different kinds of beef, and slow roasted chicken plus 3 different sides.
The food was great.
You could argue that other places make a single type of BBQ better but as a whole sample of BBQ, it doesn't get better than this.
The portions of the side dishes could be bigger.
We got there before 6pm and had no wait... once we left though, there were lot's of people waiting.
Their bar was rockin'.
They have happy hour 'till 6p.
Apparently this is the spot for drinks after work.
Lot's of hot looking women.
I will definitely be back, either with the family or with friends for the bar.
After reading the bad reviews I noticed a trend... they were written mostly by out-of-towner's that compare this place to joints in St. Louis and such.
If you're some kind of a BBQ snob, of course you've had better... get over it.
The BBQ is better than you're going to get at most full service restaurants that happen to have BBQ on the menu.
As for those that complained about occasional bad service... have you seen the wait for a table after 6pm?
Obviously they're doing something right.
People have bad days sometimes.

The pulled pork was absolutely wonderful.
It was delicious.
I had the mac 'n' cheese and ranch beans with it.
The mac 'n' cheese was good but heavy.
I thought the ranch beans were going to be like baked beans but they weren't.
They weren't sweet like baked beans; they had a thinner red sauce on them and the flavor didn't work for me.
The cornbread was ok.
The pieces looked like muffin tops.
It was good, but I've had better.
We went here for dinner at 7:30 on a Thursday.
It was loud and really crowded - too loud to comfortably converse with the two people I was dining with.

Holy Moses!
Best BBQ in a looonnnggg time!!
The cornbread is so good you don't even have to put butter on it!
Fun atmosphere as well!
oh...must say they have the best mac and cheese ever!!!
pulled pork...amazing, prime rib....scrumptious, roast beef...heaven!
My family really loved it!

After the review (below) of my catered dinner from Bobby Q, I received this email:  I would like to apologize for your catering experience.
We pride ourselves on our food and take negative reviews very serious.
I've shared your review with the owner and the kitchen manager.
I would like to invite you and your family in for dinner on us.
We would like to prove to you the quality of our food.
Just call me directly and make a reservation.
Again, we apologize for your experience.
Jason Gilliland Restaurant Manager  I wasn't sure how I felt about accepting a free meal - that was really not a goal when I wrote the first review.
In fact, my first thought was why should I waste my time on doing this food again?
But - I was very impressed with Jason's email and decided to give it a shot.
He wasn't asking me to change my review - he was aksing for a chance to prove how good they can be.
If it was terrible, he was running the risk of me updating with an even worse review.
My roommates and I all had the day off today, and around lunch time we were discussing food.
We were definitely in the mood for BBQ.
I called Jason, and he immediately set up our reservations for dinner tonight.
Complete breakdown on the experience -  The room was nice!
Actually, the place was MUCH nicer than I expected a BBQ place to be - but not so stuffy we felt underdressed.
Our server was Ashleigh - she was 100% on point tonight!
From her brief rundown on what Bobby Q is and what to expect, to menu descriptions, keeping our water and iced tea full, checking back at perfect intervals and - my *wow* moment of service - when she dropped off the moist towelettes, the packages were pre-opened!
Sounds silly - but when you have BBQ greasy fingers, those packages can be a bitch!
The food - holy mother of wow - this was the same place as the last review?
The food was made with the same recipes in the same kitchen??
The only thing that tipped me off was the cornbread - still over the top amazing!
The three of us split the Cajun shrimp appetizer with garlic toast points.
While it did not have the level of kick I've come to expect from BBQ shrimp, the flavor was incredible.
Adding in the rosemary was a dash of genius, and the 6 shrimp were perfectly cooked.
This is a recipe I'd LOVE to have!
Wedge salad - HUGE!
In addition to the iceberg, tomato, bacon and bleu cheese, there was bacon.
Not just the baon bits - but big chunks of Meat Candy.
The blue was one of the richest and creamiest I've tasted.
For meats, we had brisket, rib eye, St. Louis style ribs and beef ribs.
Across the board, each was fantastic!
Just as the AKC is looking for the "ideal" of each dog - the meats we ate tonight could be held as the ideal against which all other meats were judged.
Each of the four was a perfect example of what that meat can become, when prepared perfectly!
The cole slaw does have good flavor - and I adore the fine shred they use.
So now it's two thumbs up for flavor and texture.
The mac and cheese was incredibly rich and creamy.
The baked potatoes - well, they are well prepared baked potatoes.
Either they're done right or wrong - not a lot of middle ground - and these were right.
I aldo enjoyed the featured beer - the Bobby Q Amber - which is brewed by Sonoran - so that was double local goodness.
I'd love to be able to review the peach cobbler - but we had already given up and filled boxes with leftovers to be tomorrow's lunch.
None of us had room for another bite.
Then Ashleigh brought the donuts.
Damn donuts!
Perfect, warm and soft, cinnamon sugar fried rings of perfect!
I knew I was full.
I knew I shouldn't eat anything more.
And I am so lucky she only brought one for each of us...otherwise I'd still be there eating more and more and more of them!
Fantastic dinner - all of us were incredibly happy from beginning to end with the entire experience.
Thank you Jason - if you wouldn't have reached out, I never would have known what I was missing!
We will definitely be back!

AZ BBQ Skeptic officially converted!
I've long been unconvinced of 'good' BBQ in AZ.
I've tried them all and not been impressed to say the least.
I'm kind of spoiled with good BBQ and a bit of a snob because where I'm from, Texas, BBQ is a religion; much like chili and football.
But alas!
I have found BBQ, very good BBQ here in AZ, at Bobby Q's.
We ordered a platter of beef ribs, brisket and pulled pork.
It was properly 'Texas' sized too!
I can't even tell you how tender the beef was because my description will not justify it.
I will tell you, the VERY thick, juicy and tasty meat literally fell off the VERY large bone when simply picked up from the plate.
The pulled pork was just as good but that's not hard to mess up.
The real BBQ gauge for me was in the brisket.
And again, I must confess, no description of mine will get even remotely close to how heavenly it truly was.
It far exceeded my expectation and I'll just say, the bar I set was very high!
So, I'm a fan of this BBQ as long as it stays as is, where is.
I'll close by saying the mac-n-cheese rocked and my incredible dinner finale of peach cobbler would have made my Granny proud!
This is truly a "don't miss" eatery!

The 4 stars is for Friday night happy hour only!!
It runs from 4-8pm and they have an outstanding complimentary buffet!
The drink specials are decent.
You can get a double well drink for the price of a single, and they pour nicely.
Back to the buffet - I'm pretty sure it is only on Fri, but the buffet has tacos, nachos, fruit, veggies, and a beef brisket.

really good aged steak dinners.
good sides, excellent service.
foofoo drinks, meh.
But I have never been disappointed by the steak.
Big Fan!!!

This will be my last meal!

Soooo good!
The brisket appetizer was amazing!
The service was fantastic and the Prime Rib was great!
The best part was the Mac N Chz it was almost better than my own!
Very impressed!
And will be back again!
My hubby loved the cornbread too!
I am soooo going back as soon as possible!

As a lover of BBQ, I cannot believe it took me 6 years of living in Arizona to find this gem.
My girlfriend and I went here after much anticipation on a Sunday afternoon and we were blown away.
This is not only THE best BBQ you can get in Arizona, but the service and ambiance are second to none.
We shared the Whole Hog feast and had enough left over for a late night snack.
The cornbread was the most amazing, moist, sweet corn cake I have tasted.
Beef ribs?
Amazing, tender, juicy, beefy.
Baby Backs?
Fall off the bone and meaty, Pulled Pork?
Juicy, smokey, melt in your mouth.
Brisket?
Full of sweet smoke and seasoning.
I got an order of burnt ends to take home and the knocked my socks of with the seasoning and smoke - YUM!!!
The manager came by our table and chatted with us for a bit about our meal.
She gave us a little history on how Booby Q's came to be.
Later, our server came by and informed us we could pick any dessert we wanted - compliments of the manager.
We picked the mud pie - again THE best I've ever had.
At this point in the meal we were not surprised by the amazing-ness of the dessert.
Wow!
Hard to find service and attention to the customer like that anymore.
All in all this is now in my top 3 favorite places to not just eat, but to dine in Arizona.
In my opinion, a 5-star dining experience should cater to all 5 senses - Bobby Q's did just that.
If I could give a bonus star, I would.
If you have not been to this restaurant, stop searching Yelp right now and make plans to go.
You will NOT be disappointed.

My boyfriend and I love BBQ.
As some pretty serious BBQ lovers, we came to this place because of its reviews on yelp.
Well, we were definitely not disappointed.
Service:  Definitely great service from the wait staff and manager.
The waitor did frequent checkbacks to our table (and those in our section).
He didn't seem rushed or in a hurry, even though it was a busy night.
This being a popular place to eat, I had assumed that we would get the "rushed waitor" treatment-- case was the opposite.
The manager came by to check on our meal as well and we received some good recommendations for the future.
Food:  All I can really say is A++ Amazing.
We ordered a full baby-back rack of bbq ribs with macaroni & cheese & fries.
Ribs were definitely the best we've had.
You can tell they don't just slap them on the grill and throw some sauce on it.
Mac & cheese was very creamy, just the way it should be!
The fries were fries, what can I say...?
They were good.
Overall:  We're going back again and again.
The resteraunt was loud at the time, but it's to be expected on a Friday night with music in the bar area.
Didn't mind at all--everyone we saw there seemed as though they didn't mind either.

Have to try the brisket and the donuts.

Pretty much as good as it gets as far as BBQ is concerned.
Ribs, coleslaw, cornbread,  peach tea..all awesome!
Also the smokehouse burger is one of the best I've had.They also  bring these little doughnuts ( free) at the end that just melt in your mouth.. so delicious.
Service was great.
Sit in Sawyers section.
I hear Friday nights in the bar are a good time as well.

This isn't your typical bbq place, where you wear bibs and there's country music playing and bbq sauce flying everywhere - that's how we do it in Texas.
At Bobby Q's, its more formal; there's a nice ambience, there's a full bar, and you eat with forks and knives.
The Pros: The great service The 10% off by checking in on yelp - yay!
The complimentary cinnimon sugar donuts at the end which are HOME MADE - dayum, those things were awesome The pineapple drink - its a real pineapple filled with a ton of alcohol but guess what?
It tastes like juice...which means its dangerous.
Drink at your caution.
Cons Their sides could be better - The mac and cheese was way too thick and unfortunately, didn't match the rave reviews.
Another interesting fact - there's a club next door so you can get your grub and then dance it off

everything is great, from appetizers to the barbeque food, especially their mac and cheese real, and the bananna dessert.
Service is great.

I can't complain about anything here.
The food was delicious, portions are generous, the service was fantastic, I loved the atmosphere, you get 10% off by checking-in on Yelp, AND they give you a surprise bag of homemade donuts on your way out!

Half baby back with mac/cheese and grilled veggies for $16.
Good house ale.
They put sugar in the cornbread (a sin in Southern states) but it was good too.
The server brought us a small bag of fresh/hot mini-sugar donuts at the end to take home.
I can't eat them but they sure smelled great.
Service was excellent.
My faith in Phoenix BBQ was restored.
After a three day trip to AZ for business, this was my second BBQ meal.
The first one was the worst of my life but this was great.

I am not a bit BBQ fan but this place is fantastic!
I didnt want to go here but my friends talked me into it.
I am very surpised that I loved the food.
The whole place smells amazing.
Everything I have ever ate here tastes delicious.
They even give you little donuts before you leave.
Friday nights they have a buffet and a DJ and music to dance to for happy hour.

This is the BEST BBQ place that I've found in the PHX area.
Everything I've tried here is amazing.
The BBQ sauce is the perfect blend of tangy, sweet and smoky.
Ribs are amazing.
Baked beans are awesome.
Corn bread is incredible.
The service is always top notch.
Ambiance and setting is really cool.
You can't go wrong at Bobby Q.
Try it.
You will be going back every time you are in the mood for BBQ.

I have to say that this is some of the best BBQ I have ever had!
The price is very reasonable as well, especially for the amount of food you are given.
The BF and I shared the "Whole Hog" platter.
We finished it, but only because we're gluttons and don't believe in wasting food.
It was enough for at least 3 people.
The meat just fell off the bone and melted in your mouth.
I also appreciate that it wasn't smothered in sauce.
They give you the opportunity to actually taste the meat but give you extra sauce on the side if you want it.
We had the mac and cheese - gooey and scrumptious and the corn - roasty.
The cocktails were tasty and also reasonably priced.
We were there on a Saturday night with a party of 14.
I don't know if we had a reservation but we were seated pretty quickly.
We could tell that they were busy and even though we were taking up a lot of precious space they never  made us feel rushed.
The waitress was a doll!
Being a large group we didn't all arrive at the same time, needed separate checks, and needed drinks at different times.
She didn't miss a beat and everything was accurate on our bill.
If you check in on Yelp you get 10% off that visit and you can register for their mailings on their website and they'll send you a coupon for a free onion block appetizer.
There is a club attached to the restaurant but it is pretty bizarro.
I wouldn't recommend hanging out there after your dinner.
It isn't a honky tonk but a CLUB club for the locals.
It doesn't really fit with the restaurant but whatever more power to them using the space to make some money.
Apparently every table in the club is sold out every Saturday night so good for them.
I forgot the mention the donuts.
If you are too full to eat them after your meal, as we were, take them with you!
I sincerely regret not bringing them home to be eaten at a later time.

Everything is relative to the area.
So I will say that this is definitely the best in Phoenix or anywhere else in Arizona.
No chain or mom&pop shop can compare to Bobby Q's.
I ordered take out but their little after dinner doughnuts were a nice twist to bbq.
And the cornbread was certainly better than average.
My favorite part comes when we speak of the macaroni&cheese.
Who and how in the world did someone in Phoenix learn how to make mac n cheese like this ?!
I was skeptical when I looked at it because it was an off-white color.
But it was creamy and full of rich flavor.
I ordered the smoasted chicken and drizzled some of that bbq sauce on it.
It was well cooked and the bbq sauce was high quality with a little zip and long lasting good after taste.
Strongly recommed the sauce (on the smoasted chicken) and mac n cheese.
Your mouth will water when we talk about the peach cobbler.
It's not the best I've had (3 places I've tried around the world have been better) but it's a B+++++.
The crust is almost candied and melts in your mouth.
The flavor is NOT too sweet or powerful to the point where you can only eat a few bites.
It was well put together.
To top it off, the person who answered the phone and took my order (and my money) had her customer service skills in high gear.
She made me want to return because I felt like I was being taken care of.
Big smile, plenty of suggestions on whether I wanted her to include an extra cornbread or a couple extra doughnuts....at no charge.
Very accomodating so I had no problem living her a nice sized tip.
She made the experience enjoyable and I will be back time and time again!!

Bobby Q is to legit to quit!
Having recently spent a few months in Texas and KC, I figured that Bobby Q would not match up or be as good as I remembered.
I was WRONG this place is great!
While it's by no means the quality of BBQ, its some of the best I've had outside of Texas and better than many places in Texas.
The Brisket is moist, not as smokey as it should be, but it's tender and full of flavor.
The Mac N Cheese is excellent.
The Corn also kicks A.  AZ is lucky to have a gem like this in their city.
Most places around the country can't even get close to this.
Hats off to Bobby Q!

great bbq.
great service.
great food all around.
been back here many times.
maybe one of the best bbq ribs in phoenix.

Great BBQ!
Visiting Phoenix for the first time and really enjoyed the Smokehouse Burger and Mac and Cheese.
Cool ambience, excellent service, and delicious food.
Our server Daniel was friendly and prompt and really made our meal an enjoyable experience.
Ask for him when you come in!

Found this place on Yelp while in town on business today.
Looked like the place was run down and on the way to being washed up when I pulled up into the parking lot.
Turns out that "run down BBQ shack" is the look that they were shooting for!
The inside is another matter.
Obviously a BBQ place.
But a very nice one indeed.
Nicer and with more personality than Famous Dave's or Lucille's.
If this is a chain, it doesn't feel like it.
I sat at the bar (as I usually do when traveling).
They have indoor and outdoor seating.
Both looked comfortable and fairly well lit.
And the place is CLEAN; including the restrooms!
The staff i dealt with was friendly and attentive without getting on your nerves.
Obviously experienced and well trained.
I had the baby back ribs with mac & cheese, and grilled vegetables.
The ribs were meaty and tender with an excellent BBQ sauce.
Meat came off the bone easily.
I ate them with a fork with no problem.
The meal came with good cornbread and butter.
The Mac & cheese was creamy and delicious.
And the vegetables were grilled just right without being too soft.
Don't be put off by the rustic appearance of Bobby Q's.
This is a well run restaurant that gets plenty of business.
And they should.
They have a smoker on premises, and smoke their ribs and brisket for the better part of a day.
They also dry age their own beef on premises.
I was told that the rib eye is superb.
But that will have to wait for another day.
If you like BBQ, I just don't see how you could have a bad experience here.

Amazing food and service.
Stacy was our server and the best server I've had in a long time (I travel and eat out quite a lot).
She guided us through the menu and was extremenly knowledgeable and friendly.
To be honest, I had low expectations for a BBQ place but Stacy wowed us.
I ordered the prime rib and baby back ribs for myself since I couldn't decide.
It was the best decision I made.
The special sauce was delicious and Stacy gave a little bit of their original and spicy sauce.
Everyone at the table was extremenly happy with dinner.
We will definitely go there again if we come back to Phoenix!

They got a dress code, a free drink signup, and some good ass drink deals.
People seemed pretty cool and the drink girls are super sexy!
:) ill be back some time or another.

Great food, great value, great ambiance, great service!
Loved it!
The delicious donuts that came with the bill were to die for!
If Phoenix didn't suck so bad, I would consider moving here to be closer to Bobby Q!

Found this place courtesy of the concierge at my hotel while in phoenix on business.
The brisket Q-Rolls are awsome as well as the ribs.
Some of the best BBQ I have had.

this is where i go for bbq in phx!!!
my family loves going here.
we have gone in small and large groups.
they are very accommodating.
even with reservations it takes awhile to be seated.
eventhough there is a lot of seating this restaurant is always busy.
they even have private rooms.
the restaurant is very nice inside and the customers are even dress real nice.
looks kinda weird seeing folks dress professional in a bbq joint.
if busy the parking kinda sucks.
the food is awesome!
everything that my family has tried as been awesome.
the corn bread and honey butter is delicious!
the ribs, steak, chicken, grilled salmon, salads, fries, it's all good!
the servers seem to do a great job and never had one problem.
great job!
i hope you enjoy this place because i do!

so we were from LA and somehow suddenly found the appetite for some good BBQ.
While Phoenix is not known for its BBQ, we tried it out anyways, knowing that we're all hungry and could carve out any meat given in our direction.
we were dead wrong!
we were expecting it to be another overrated and overpriced Lucille's BBQ down in California but oh my, we found a gem in Phoenix.
We ordered the three meat platter and oh boy, it was good.
me and my gf shared the platter, we got the st louis ribs, the brisket and the pork.
the ribs were great, it falls off the bone and it's so juicy and tender.
one of the best ribs i ever tasted, period.
the brisket were unbelievable.
smoked right, you'll taste every flavor of it.
salty, meaty, and juicy, we were all happy just to be there at that time.
if you visit phoenix, make sure to visit BOBBY Q as it will never let you down!

The last time I was here it was named something else and my waitress was dressed like a naughty cop.
I was 16 then...now it has taken on a brand new face!
I'm probably last to know that this place doubles as a night club.
A latin room and a hip hop club...it was amazing.
I didn't get to eat dinner there so I can't speak for the BBQ but as far as the nightlife atmosphere in this area it gets 4 stars!
Get there before 10, or the cover is $10 but still that isn't bad.
They have just about every spirit there, and even using the premium well is no more than 7 bucks.
Will be going back real soon!!!
I am still wondering how they got my number to text me specials...but i can't complain because they are sending me some good stuff.

Maybe my son and I have different tastes than most of the reviewers or ate here on an off night.
Our experience was that the decor, menu, service, and presentation were all great, however the BBQ was tasteless.
We ordered the Whole Hog to share.
It included two types of ribs and two meats.
The meats were all beautifully prepared, fall-off-the-bone tender, looked great, and then very little taste except for the sweet sauce on everything.
Maybe we are BBQ-spoiled living in Texas.

Not all barbecue is created equally.
I'm from Chicago and grew up eating barbecue NOT pulled porked sandwiches or beef brisket, but pork barbecue ribs & rib tips from the south side of Chicago.
Ya know, the kind where white bread and french fries are saturated in sauce at the bottom of the basket.
Where you have to work a little bit to pull the meat off the bone.
Where you smell the charred ribs a few blocks away.
Now that's barbecue to me.
This does not mean that I cannot appreciate other types of barbecue.
We spilt the pulled pork sandwich and slab of ribs.
It was good, but I packed the leftovers for my husband's lunch today.
When something is really good I don't share and sadly, the ribs we just okay.
I gave an extra star for the customer service.
The hostess and waitress were polite, attentive and nice.
Too bad more establishments are not as well run as Bobby Q.

There's Famous BBQ, and there are Pit's along with several other places coworkers and the like have dragged me to.
Let's face it, when it comes to BBQ everyone has a different take, and I don't like the overly sweet, globs of sauce thrown on at the last minute, in spite of claims it been smoked for hours.
I'm not that big on loud country music and I don't want to go to a Ho- Down.
I'm hungry; I want real ribs with meat on the bone.
Good portions, albeit, I'll order the full rack of St Louis style ribs next time.
The Rib's here do fall off the bone; they have a sultry smoky flavor.
Corn Bread that is probably the best you can get and Beans, we'll I might work on those, but I come for the Ribs.
Bobby Q is easy to see with its big sign visible from I-17, but might not be the easiest to find the first time, once you drive into the private parking area, I feel better.
Safer, it's good to read there is security, but I haven't noticed them.
Then again, I go for dinner.
This is the only Rib place that makes my mouth water; the Rib's are deeply smoked and taste like someone cared because they have a passion for RIbs.
The service has been just right, every time I've been there, and not too long waiting for the check.
I don't mind spending time in a restaurant, but when the plate is clean I like to go.
My wife can have her BBQ Chicken, but I'm there for the Ribs.
Other places, I'll think about and might eat, but these are the only Ribs in Phoenix that I won't say no to or have reservations about.

Ok, I'm a BBQ fan.
St. Louis, Chicago, Philly, Memphis, Texas I love em all.
I have often dragged my wife on BBQ treks for hundreds of miles.
With that being said I have to begin by saying that Bobby Q has EXCELLENT BBQ.
Tender, smoky and chock full o' flavor.
I have been here multiple times and have never had anything that disappointed me...until last night.
An event so treacherous and diabolical that it prevented me from rating them with 5 stars.
The horror!
The in-laws were in from the East Coast and we decided to take them there for dinner.
Everything was smashing and up to par as usual until dessert came.
Now I have to go on record as saying that I always loved the heaping pile of scrumptious peach cobbler that they serve on the dessert menu.
So much so that I convinced my table of 6 to order 3 since they are usually large enough to share and stunningly delicious.
Every time I go to Bobby Q I finish off my meal with it and love to complain to my wife as I waddle out of the building (in the grand tradition of glutinous American excess) that I ate too much and my belly hurt.
I was looking forward to lamenting my fate yet again last night.
But alas, I was in for a shocking turn of events and was dubbed a deceitful liar by the entire table.
To my horror when the cobblers arrived, they were measly, sickly, ill-prepared portions and a pale shadow of what they were on previous visits.
We were plagued with three bowls of undercooked (as in practically raw) peaches that tasted like they were straight from a can and a soggy, undercooked thin square of "crust" sitting on top as an afterthought.
This flavorless absurdity could only have been more demeaning if it were capable of speech and threw dated insults at us.
It literally looked like they dumped half a can of uncooked peach slices in a bowl and threw a wet piece of thin white bread on top.
All three servings were like this.
Now on EVERY occasion in the past the cobbler was gigantic, actually was cooked and warm, had a delectable FULL crust and tasted like it came out of Gramma' Cobbler's oven fresh.
To this peach cobbler bizarro universe doppelganger I spit at thee and thine preparer.
Bah I say.
BAH.
Of course, we complained to the waitress who was nice but said she didn't know that it was any different from normal.
She went back to whoever prepared them and came back saying that the preparer said "they're the same as they always were" which either proved the preparer's incompetence or their willingness to shame the establishment with a bowl full of cobbler-like lies.
Our waitress even said she talked to the manager who went back to speak with the preparer...but said manager never came out to either see the imposter cobblers or speak with us about it, which rates as quite poor customer service.
Overall, it left a dark mark on an otherwise belly -bustingly deeeelicious visit.
Shame on you Robert Q, shame.
So, I will still eat at Bobby Q. as their dinner fare IS fantastic (assuming there are no more obvious but blatently denied changes such as with the cobbler), the environment is cozy and the staff are (generally) quite pleasant.
However,  I will be wary about ordering the dessert in the future and about the quality and integrity of their customer service skills.
I would advise you to use the same caution.

Great atmosphere, very good bbq, crappy location, and Blue Moon on tap!
Service was great, but we were there on a fairly slow Tuesday night.

Food was out of this world!!
We had a hard to please group, but everyone left more than satisfied.
The wait-staff was also excellent!

Looked at the reviews and decided to give it a try.
Glad we did!!
Great food and service and very different but nice atmosphere.
Looks more rustic from the outside, but inside very clear, lots of wood, very comfortable.
Loved this place, will definitely be back.

Tuesday Night.
Walked in at 830pm, left 945pm.
From order to being served 15 min.
This place is NOT a chain.
Support your local Phoenix BBQ restaurants.
One of the few places in Arizona that serves Beef Ribs.
Cannot over-emphasize this point..better than Claim Jumper..not even close.
Beef ribs have twice as much meat as pork ribs but are much harder to find in restaurants.
They smoke all their meat on site and everything is super fresh.
Melissa & Sawyer were fabulous and I really appreciated the 10% off for using YELP.
The only downside is that because we sat close to the chicken rack in the back near the kitchen we wound up smelling like a campfire.
However we didnt really notice this until after we left and went back to the outside.
The cornbread starter and donut pastry ender was absolutely unexpected and refreshing.
Beef Ribs = $22.00 12.
Oz Sirloin = $12.00 2 Non Alcoholic Drinks Total was $45.00 with 10% off..Extremely reasonable, high quality, totally full.

Until Bobby Q's entered my life i wasnt a fan of BBQ anything!
made me kinda sad to see so many people enjoying some messy ribs but anyways I i digress...This place has changed my life for the better!.
Their St. Louis ribs are fall off the bone AMAZING!
and their Mac n Cheese is a must have!
I have to admit this place has made me a bit of a ribs snob, if something doesnt come close to Bobby Q's i automatically right that place off.
A short review but you get the gist of it...

Bobby Q has being in the restaurant business down pat.
When you first walk in, it seem sort of up scale.
The waitress we had seemed new, but was very nice and was sure to remember everything.
The food was delivered in a reasonable amount of time and was tasty.
I had their Fish Fry Friday and I think the fish could have been seasoned a little more.
I found myself using more of the tartar sauce because of the lack of seasoning on the fish.
They do this thing with homemade donuts which I think is a great happy ended.
I am the type of person that does need a little bit of sweet at the end of my meal and that was perfect.

Awesome BBQ goodness!
Bobby Q's is right off I17 and was easy to find for us out-of-towners.
The parking lot is huge and when we went it was really quiet.
The interior has a bit more of an upscale vibe to it, not like an old traditional bbq place.
The service was good and they give you mini-doughnuts at the end.
We ordered the whole hog platter to share amongst the two of us and it was definitely enough food.
I don't think it'd be enough food for three hungry people, but definitely two.
We had the brisket, pulled pork, beef ribs and st louis ribs.
The mac & cheese was delicious.
It was creamy, cheesy and amazing.
Definitely worth getting.
The garlic mash potatoes were also very good, but not as mouth watering as the mac & cheese.
If I had to do it again I would just have the three sides as mac & cheese, it was that good.
All of the meat was tender - the meat feel right off the bone of the ribs and we could cut the brisket with our forks.
It was delicious with the smoked flavour and sauce they put on.
Unlike other places they do put some sauce on it, which is how I prefer it.
It's not overpowering and drenched in sauce to prevent you from tasting the actual flavour of the meat though.
Price wise it was a little higher than other restaurants (Seems to be $18-25 per person) we had been to, however the quality of the food is well worth it.
Unfortunately we were too full to try the dessert, but that's OK because there's nothing wrong with filling up with meaty goodness.

A roadtrip would not be complete without local BBQ and Bobby's does not disappoint!
Fancy smancy table service Dark and cool with bar seating Rotisserie chick and bragging about the ribs.
Alex was friendly and rattled off drink specials.
Other servers were chatting with friends at the bar and one, blond one dipped into her cleavage for something.
I hope she washes her hands before serving up a meal.
Now I look around, this is a breaking ground for hooters.
Low cut and falling out.
Not a fan of that.
Bobby Q Amber Ale (Sonoran Brewing) is too light with a bitter bite.
Not my type of amber but they tried.
2 meats, brisket & sausage w/ mac&cheese and...the pecan coleslaw?
What the heck for $18.
Pulled pork sandwich $10 2 meat with pork and brisket  Ranch House Salad Corn bread (pucks) of sweet, warm goodness.
Sides were great!
The beans with zest, the M&C takes me back to old school cafeteria, the potato salad was fantastic and the slaw was great with the pecan.
Brisket was the clear winner from the table and we all loved the smoky sausage.
The pulled pork was a disappointing third as it was dry.
Good thing I went with brisket.
Two thumbs up here kids.
Well worth your time and money.
Yelp check in brought a 10% off the total tab too.

Good stuff, I came here yesterday for the first time in a long time.
I used to go to the club here years ago and it was always a good time.
However, I just came in for lunch and ordered a BBQ chicken sandwich which was about $10.
I got a side of spicy BBQ to go with it and man was it awesome.
Service was great, atmosphere is high end for the area with a dark modern look.
I will probably going back but after drink and a tip lunch ran me about $16.

Went for first time tonight.
The food was awesome.
We ordered "whole hog heaven".
Had more than enough food for 2.
Could have possibly served 3.
The ribs fell off the bone.
The brisket melted in your mouth.
The service was great.
Have nothing but good things to say.

O.M.G.!!!!!!
My mouth is drooling just typing this review.
Back home (San Diego), the best bbq place to dine at is Phil's BBQ.
This place is 100 times better than Phil's.
We ordered the "Whole Hog Heaven" and it was plenty for two.
Their pulled chicked, brisket, ribs and beef ribs are delicious and came with 3 sides.
The Mac N Cheese (Yummy), the beans (Tasty) and the roasted corn (excellent) were a hit.
When I go back to AZ, I will MAKE sure to come back to visit Bobby Q.
Trust me...You will NOT be disappointed.

Stuck in the hospital in Phoenix last month and our amazing friends brought us a takeout smorgasbord from Bobby's...we hadn't physically been there in almost 2 years and the uber-high standard is definitely being maintained.

Seriously.
I seldom give 5 stars, but it deserves at least this much.
If it wasn't for the location and the super scary after dinner club scene, I would go every.single.day.
Truly one the best BBQ places in greater Phoenix.
My mouth is watering as I'm thinking about the Hog Heaven special.
In fact, my puppies mouths are watering too.
Decent prices, giant selection.
One of those places where the early cowboys of the SW would appreciate.
If you are a cracker family, I suggest going super early, like super early bird special early , like when the snow birds come out for the senior special early, because after dusk, the whole place transforms into a pulsating super loud, super dicey Mexican Dance Club, and the blue hairs are sure to have a coronary attack after indulging in such a  lipid laden meal as they attempt to make their way out of the Club.
Ah the sacrifice for decent BBQ....

Mac and cheese to die for.
Ribs fell off the bone.
Donuts at end were a treat.
Was on vacation and ate there twice it was sooo good.

Dinner was delicious, the hubby and I split the whole hog and everything was tender and yummy.
We had sausage, brisket, baby back ribs and St. Louis style and the sides were delicious as well, the Mac and chz, beans and fries, yum

By far, the best barbecue place I have ever been to.
We ordered the Whole Hog Heaven and we're in heaven with each bite.
The Mac and Cheese is excellent, the ST. Louis ribs are to die for and the service is excellent.
Look forward to my next trip to Phoenix so I can eat there.

Stopped here after a spring training game and wow!
The food is amazing the service top notch will stop by again when in town....oh and reasonably priced

In Arizona some b&)tchen BBQ!!!!
Saw the place on the fwy and jumped off to find the place... Place if huge!
If u mis this place please get ur eyes checked!
Lol  First impression was people leaving and telling us how good it was.. Two different parties!
Man a place that makes people do that!
We all ordered the sampler platter .. Three choices of meet and one side ..
I ordered ribs, brisket and pulled pork..pulled pork cooks for 12+hrs .. Was good just a little to mushy for me.. Brisket was over the top for me!
YUMMY!!
Now the ribs..
I have traveled all over for ribs and this is hands down my favorite!
My side was Mac and cheese as a recommendation and I have only had one better than this!
I heard people taking about the potatoes behind us and how good they were ...  Oh yes did I forget to mention the corn bread!
Look don't hesitate to come here!
Your palette and ur stomach will love it!

Some amazing BBQ!
You start off with corn bread that is really moist and sweet.
It's almost like eating cake.
We did the three meat platter and they split it onto two plates for us.
Don't bother with trying different sides, just get double the Mac n cheese...you won't regret it!
It's creamy cheesy goodness!
Brisket is really tender as well as the chicken.
Finish your meal off with some complimentary mini donuts in cinnamon sugar goodness and you'll have to roll out the door.
Nice environment, good service and great food!
I know I'll be back for more when I come back to Phoenix!

Went out on a date Friday night, again he picked the place, and it was a non-chain place, which scored him some points, but Bobby Q's gives the feeling a chain place, I have never been and I never knew about the Bobby McGee's that used to be there, I'm not from Arizona, and wasn't around during that time.
After I went to Bobby Q's I actually looked at some the reviews from fellow yelpers and man I am sorry I missed out on the roasted corn, I am going to have to try that next time I go!
Our server's Melissa was a good, but she got tractable, like we made bets to see how long it would take before she came back to our table to check on us, it was about every 10 mins.
Now don't get me wrong I love good service, but there is a difference between being pushy and good.
Like I have said before, Im a visual person and when I saw on the drink menu that yummy looking drink called Strawberry Qlada, I knew I had to get that, when it came to the table, it was just as beautiful in person, pinks, red, white, pineapple & cherry garish, it was a delish drink!
The round corn breads were a sweet surprise!
I love me some cornbread!
And with the whipped butter, what could be better, other than drowning them in hot bowl of chili!
I ordered the 8oz center cut top sirloin with mac & cheese, ranch beans & mushrooms & onions for my steak!
I had asked Melissa if she liked the mac & cheese and she is it was the bestselling item on the menu, oh that's good, but that didn't answer my question lol but I wound up ordering them anyways, and they were good, but it wasn't great!
Yes it's made with 5 different cheese, its creamy and it's like eating velveeta mac n cheese, not my fav but if that's your thing, then it's up your alley!
The ranch beans were good, it was little peppery and sweet, which is a great combo for me!
The steak was the perfect amount for me!
It was cooked to perfection, it was tender and tasty!
The mushrooms and onions were sauted just right, not too soft not to hard!
Had I read reviews I would have known at the end of the meal they give us some sweet donuts!
How cool is that!
Any places that offers sweet little donuts is alright with me!

My wife, son (7) and I went to lunch here during a weekday.
It was busy but not crowded and we were able to get a table right away.
The waitress we had was excellent, she was knowledgeable, very attentive but not annoyingly so.
I got pulled pork platter and my wife got the pulled pork sandwich.
Both of these were excellent.
The portions were a good size, and the corn bread was very good as well.
My wife ordered the lemonade to drink, which she said was great and couldn't get enough of.
My son ordered the cheeseburger and was not too impressed, although he is a picky eater sometimes.
Also, when leaving, they give you a couple of mini sugar doughnuts as a treat that they make fresh at the front of the restaurant.

yo bay bay, whatchu want for dinner?
hmmm, what's around these parts?
I found a BBQ spot up the way, yelp reviews are stella.
Cool beans, less check it out.
Nice ambiance, a short wait on a Monday night, excellent BBQ, this place is the real deal yo!
Chicken, short ribs, beef ribs, shrimp, if you can grill it, they gots it!

THE BEST BBQ PLACE I'VE FOUND IN PHOENIX!!
OMG!
I can't wait till the next time we have another family outting.
Everyone in my family was happy with their food.
From the prime ribs to the baby back ribs to the kid's mac and cheese to the shoe string fries and to the pineapple martini... EVERYTHING WAS A TEN TEN TEN TEN!
On top of everything else, yelp gave me a 10% discount for checking in!
WINNING!!!
I'm super excited we gave this place a try!!
LOVE IT!

Bobby Q = heaven  I think it's safe to assume that everything on the menu is good because everything I tried here was delicious!!!
Even their drinks are yummy.
Tried the pineapple surprise, sweet tea and strawberry daiquiri and enjoyed all of them.
The cornbread is perfect; especially when you add butter and honey on top.
It was so good I ate two of them straight out of the fridge the next morning for breakfast.
The side dishes are awesome, especially the mac and cheese and roasted corn.
The barbecue is juicy and flavorful.
I didn't even add barbecue sauce to my meat because it was just fine without it.
You can even finish off your meal with free, yes FREE, donuts.
Bobby Q, I love you.

We read the reviews and were expecting a very good to excellent BBQ experience.
Unfortunately, we had a mediocre to average dinner.
We tried "the whole hog" and expected generous portions of ribs, chicken, and sausage for the price.
We received lunch portions--at best.
The ribs were very dry albeit they fell off the bone.
The chicken was average and the sausage on the tasteless side.
The BBQ sauce was typical and really too sweet for this type of fare.
The corn was greasy, the fries were average string fries, and the mac and cheese was good (according to my wife since I think typical mac and cheese is too bland).
We passed on dessert but we were given a gift of two small doughnuts that left a serious grease stain in the bag.
I thought the doughnuts were a weird accompaniment to this BBQ dinner.
I must commend the service as prompt, courteous, and very friendly--bravo.
Overall, the experience was so lackluster that we would be unlikely to return.
I did note that the bar and lounge scene was very active while the dining room had plenty of empty tables at 6 on a Friday.
Perhaps one should consider this more a bar and lounge and secondarily as a BBQ Emporium.
Something to thin about.
If you are looking for serious BBQ--look somewhere else.

This was the best BBQ  brisket i've had in ages, very juicy not the least bit dry.
as other have mentioned the mac and cheese is outrageously good, soooo creamy.
better than many homemade recipes.
go for the chipotle brisket app too.

Found the best prime rib I've ever tasted!!
This ain't gonna be our last time here.
Free delicious corn bread and free donuts!?
You cant go wrong here

If you like BBQ, this is probably the best place I've been to in phoenix.
If you have ever been to Lucille's BBQ in California or tempe it is comparable.
Been there about 5 times and everything is good.
They have large group deals making it pretty cheap.
Also right when you walk in you see a donut making machine, and they give you donuts when you finish your meal which is awesome.
Freshly baked and very fluffy.
I come back often

It's not down-home BBQ; hell, it's not even GOOD BBQ.
However, if you have more money than taste, Bobby Q will suit you just fine (doucher-heaven).
Apparently this is not a national chain, but they sure did make it look, taste, and act like one.
The waitress sounded like a sad, embarrassed corporate robot giving us a memorized recitation about their aged beef stash and some special "gourmet" appetizer that is actually just a taquito (yawn).
The chicken and pulled-pork were both CHEWY, not tender, and the pork is FATTY (CHUNKS-O-FAT) and had to be picked through.
The sauce on the chicken is an ABOMINATION and shouldn't even be referred to as BBQ SAUCE.
PORTIONS ARE SMALL!
The corn bread is DAMP with greasy vegetable oil and falls apart in your hand.
An old, dusty flap of kale was laid on the plate for a garnish.
Many reviewers mention the tiny, OIL-SOAKED, mini-donuts that the hostesses are making (as a side job/not much training) by the door on the way out as something that really impressed them.
How drunk must they have been at that point?
It's just depressing to even think about really...A place better forgotten...

I have absolutely no idea how this place has so many great reviews.
We were in the mood for bbq one recent Saturday night and the place we wanted to try only stayed open until 7, so we found this place on yelp and decided with so many great reviews, we should give it a try.
Let's just say the cornbread was the highlight of the meal and I've had better cornbread.
We ordered the Three Meat Combo and chose the St. Louis Style Ribs (they were out of the Baby Back Ribs), the brisket and the pulled pork.
For our sides, we got the mac & cheese and the ranch style beans.
The beans were good and the ribs were just ok.
The mac & cheese was definitely not up to par.
The brisket had so much fat on it, it wasn't even edible and I had to drown the pulled pork in bbq sauce to eat it.
Minutes after we were given our food, they asked if we wanted boxes, and then came back a few minutes later and did the same thing.
Not good service.
Also - I was excited about the free mini donuts they give you to go.
But - they're so bad, they're not even worth eating.
Pretty sure we won't be coming back here.

Oh my mouth-watering BBQ goodness.
Ignore the sketchy neighborhood and 30 minute wait, because the meal is worth it!
My boyfriend's favorite food is BBQ-anything so I left the ordering up to him (and the choice was easy): Whole Hog Heaven - 4 meat choices plus 3 sides.
Settling on St. Louis and Baby Back Ribs, BBQ Chicken, and Brisket, with sides of mac & cheese, coleslaw, and beans - he was as giddy as a kid on Christmas.
I was pretty hungry too - and I had to admit the smell of BBQ wafting through the back kitchen door had my taste buds excited.
The meal did not disappoint to say the least.
The ribs were literally falling off the bone, the chicken was cooked perfectly, and the brisket was melt-in-your-mouth tender.
All 3 sides were the perfect addition, however I do have to say that the coleslaw was my favorite, especially paired with the brisket.
What sent us over the edge of BBQ heaven were the extra special additions before and after the meal.
To start us off - homemade, warm cornbread with whipped butter.
To finish us off - complimentary mini donuts (yes, you heard me right).
Erg I would give 5 stars, but there was a hoard of drunken girls taking over the bathroom (there is a club attached to the restaurant?
) that I found fairly annoying.
Oh well.
Highly recommended and we will be going back!

Seriously awesome BBQ in a totally random place.
The ribs were unreal, seriously, fall off the bone, meaty deliciousness to the face.
Be prepared to wait for a little while before being seated, we came on a Tuesday night and had to wait for about 30 minutes, always a good sign that you're in for a treat.
I will definitely be back!

I thought, silly name, can't be serious barbecue, but this is good!
Meats are slow smoked, and arrive hot, smoky and juicy with a choice of sides and hot or mild sauce.
For a starter we had some Q-rolls, kind of a BBQ brisket taquito, with chipotle sauce.
Good start.
Beef ribs and pork ribs were tender and easily pulled off the bone.
Brisket and pulled pork were as tender as could be, with a nice pink smoke ring, evidence of slow smoking.
Excellent Mac and cheese and pecan cole slaw.
Beer is plentiful and cold, service quick and attentive, and (bonus) a check in discount for Yelpers when we visited.
This is now on my list for future visits to Phoenix.

a little expensive but great food, great patio!
servers were friendly and service was fast!
we'll be back r

First time here.
I came with my son & didn't know what to expect.
Being that it's location is right off the I-17 we'd pass Bobby Q's many times & often thought it was a dive due to its location.
We were pleasantly surprised as we walked in & were greeted by two friendly hostesses & a nice ambiance.
Both my son & I were dressed casually.
I looked around and noticed some guests were dressed up, while others were casual like us.
I immediately felt comfortable.
It was a busy Sunday about 7:30pm.
I requested a booth as I wanted to enjoy mother/son conversation over a nice dinner.
The restaurant's interior is a rustic western theme with a bar in the middle, dining patio in front & separate dancing lounge connected to the back.
Everything was very clean and orderly like a well oiled machine.
Our server was professional, friendly and quick.
My son ordered the hamburger with cheddar cheese from the regular menu which came with shoestring fries & I ordered the Rib Eye with roasted corn and mashed potatoes.
Both of our meals were prepared according to our liking and tasted sensational!
Prior to our entrees, the server brought out 2 warm pieces of round cornbread with butter.
It was delicious!
We wish we would have saved room for the banana cream pie, next time for sure!
Towards the end of our dinner the manager came to ask how our dining experience was, it's nice to know this business cares about their guests!
One side note, the complimentary mini donuts that are given with your bill are awesome.
I highly recommend this establishment  (Excellent Food, Service, Family Atmosphere or perfect Date Night) & we look forward to celebrating my upcoming birthday here!

This is my all time favorite restaurant of all times.
If I were on death row, my last meal would be from here.
If I were ever going to get married, I would  have them cater for me.
I never went to Bobby McGees unfortunately, but I have been eating at Bobby Qs since it became Bobby Qs.
I have never had a bad meal, nor have I seen anyone else not enjoy their meal.
I have never had bad service, or even mediocre service.
The food and service have always been excellent, above average, wonderful.
I can't say how many times I have been here over the past many years.
I used to go at least once a month as it was me and someones date restaurant for a long time.
Every time someone visits from out of town, I bring them there.
They always request to go back when they are visiting again.
I've brought dates to this place, they have always loved it.
When I talk to someone else about Bobby Qs, and they've had it in the past, they always say they love it too.
I even met someone from out of town that said they go all over the country to eat BBQ and Bobby Qs had their favorite ribs of anywhere they've ever been to!
I've been to going away parties, birthday parties, tons of stuff, and I've still never met anyone to complain about this place.
The only complaints I've ever heard is of the club.
Who cares about the club?
This is about the restaurant, the food, the service.
Not some dance club where some teeny bopper got in a fight with her boyfriend so they had a bad night so they are going to complain about Bobby Qs.
Come on now!
Try the amazing, phenomenal food that Bobby Qs is!!
The cornbread is great, the nice donuts they give you as you're leaving are delicious and the spicy bbq sauce is my favorite.
I like that they sell their bbq sauce so I can have it at home too!
It feels comfortable inside as well, the decor is nice.
The outside patio is a great spot when the weather is nice.
My dad lives 1800 miles away and is always asking me if I've eaten there recently and to take pictures of the outside water chains so he can replicate that at his house.

I've had Bobby Q's 3 times now.
It is so dang good!
I love love love their barbeque sauce.
One day I had the truly awesome experience of eating their takeout, family style.
I got to try the brisket, the ribs, the chicken, corn, corn bread,  and pecan cole slaw, which were all equally mmmmm!!!

The baby back ribs are amazing!
Fall right off the bone.
If I had one wish it would be they build another location in Scottsdale.
The pulled pork is also amazing!

This place rocks!
Great BBQ, friendly, knowledgable, professional waitress, food was served piping hot.
The roasted corn was also excellent.
The only downside was no burnt ends.

Seems good so far.
We had a good time, the food was fresh.
Mary, my wife, had something she did not like and the corrected it too.
I had a side that was not warm enough (baked potato) and they swapped it out for another side dish.

This is hands-down my favorite BBQ place in the greater-Phoenix area.
Great atmosphere.
I love the brisket and the Mac and Cheese is to die for!
Last night had another great experience with Amberlie as our waitress!
She was outstanding.
I also discovered a new yummy drink there: their sangria!
Will have that again next time for sure!
I always take out-of-town guests here and it never disappoints.

Ate there for lunch.
Wow, was it good.
I took two friends there and they were just telling me bad experiences with burgers that they had.
(They are very particular with their burgers.
) They both agreed that the burgers they ordered and ate were the juiciest burgers they ever ate.
From my perspective, they looked really delicious.
But I had the full rack of baby back ribs.
Oh man.
We were just wondering why their burgers came with knives, but my ribs didn't.
Then I just pulled one off.
Or should I say I kept it from falling off.
Oh, that's why.
Yeah, that tender.
So good.
Loved the corn bread and the mini doughnuts they gave us for complimentary dessert.
Yep, Yelp came through again and brought me to a five star restaurant.
Gotta love this.

My girlfriend and I came here while visiting AZ from CA.
We actually used Yelp to find the place.
I have had alot of bbq, and this is BY FAR, the absolute best I have ever eaten.
Try the Q Rolls, then get the Baby back ribs.
You will not need desert trust me.

Okay, hard for me to give 5 stars to a casual restaurant but I totally agree with the overall Yelp rating that this place is 4.5 stars for food.
First time visit and have been meaning to go for 10 months since moving to PHX.
I got the Baby back ribs, potato salad & grilled veggies.
Ribs were great with little fat or gristle.
Pot.
salad is awesome.
Two of my friends had the fried chicken (boneless) with chicken gravy.
I kept poaching their chicken, mac cheese and mashed potatoes.
Corn bread is tasty but crumbles too easily for me.
Desserts were good.
Definitely will be going back this summer a few times to this place.
I was in NC on vacation two weeks ago and ate at two BBQ places and they pale in comparison.

My husband and I have been to countless BBQ restaurants in California, Nevada, and now Arizona.
Bobby Q's is BY FAR the best BBQ we have ever experienced!!
The food is incredible, and the service is just as good!

If you find yourself in the Phoenix area then Bobby-Q is your BBQ stop!
This was my first experience here, but my co-workers ate here 3 out of the 4 nights we were in town!
This is not an expensive joint by any means, but it is a "nicer" place than your road side BBQ stand, even nicer than the outer appearance of the building suggests.
This building also hosts a trendy night club, which we did not visit.
The BBQ here was on point for sure!
Everything from the brisket to the pulled pork and even the BBQ egg roll appetizer thingy's (thingy is the technical name) were all tasty and gone before they knew what happened!
On top of that the staff and facility were all top notch, helpful and cleanly!

THE BEST RIBS I'VE HAD HANDS DOWN!!
The meat was perfectly cooked and the portions are so big for such a good price!
My bf and I shared a half rack of ribs and got two sides and were completely stuffed, all for $20!
They even gave us extra corn bread as an appetizer!
And free dessert!
Love this place!

First off made a reservation and arrived to be seated next to the extremely hot rotisserie.
Very uncomfortable, not to mention it was 112 degrees outside that day.
I asked to be seated elsewhere but the hostesses' excuse was that this was all that was available due to reservations.
Well I made  reservation but she just made another excuse that we needed to be a larger party to sit elsewhere.
I gave it two stars only because my family likes their BBQ-I don't.

Wow this BBQ is the best!!!
I had searched for this place on the Internet because I had been here years ago and it was a themed restaurant  .....Bobby McGees where the wait staff was dressed in character.
When we arrived we were told that they quit doing that 8 yrs ago ;( They told us we would not be sorry if we stayed and they were right.
It was by far the best BBQ ever!!
Melted in your mouth.
I told them I was looking on yelp to see if others loved them too and that they did!!!
Then our excellent friendly server told us we got 10% off for mentioning yelp!!
Wooo hoo icing on the cake.

Bobby Q has great BBQ at an reasonable price and above average portions.
You will not leave hungry.
Don't let the exterior of the building fool you.
It looks ghetto and run down but I think that is the look that they want.
Once inside, it looks better and again the BBQ is delicious !
Friendly servers.
Complimentary donuts.
Yes, I'm a fan !

I have neutral feelings about BBQ but this place was great.
I was dubious as we pulled into the parking lot.
I worried we accidentally wandered into a crack den.
However, once we found the front door, I was pleasantly surprised.
Super cute inside and a nice patio I'd love to visit when it's not 110 degrees outside.
The mac n' cheese was fabuloso and our waitress was fantastic.
My salad was a little bland but that is my fault for ordering a salad at a BBQ restaurant.
My dining companions were super pleased with their plates o' meat.

happy hour friday 4:30-8 can be a full crowd with no parking, park at carrington college!
The free buffet at the q lounge is amazing prime rib, shrimp, tacos, nachos so good and bbq chicken will be going back friday with some friends!

This place has a really great selection of BBQ.
We tried a sampler and it was all very good.
Portions are very big.
We ate at the bar, but we were serviced by one of the best bartender/waitress that I have ever seen.
Thanks Sarah!
I will return on my next trip to Phoenix!

Stopped at Bobby Q on the way to the airport from Sedona based on the Yelp reviews.
Once again, I was not let down.
It was a busy Sunday afternoon, but the service was great.
Hostess was friendly, food served efficiently and the waitress was great.
The interior is quite spacious and nice.
The prices are reasonable for the generous portions.
We had a sampler and everything was good.
Not great, but really good.
Overall I left happy.
If you are in the area and in the mood for barbecue, I don't think you can go wrong at Bobby Q.

My blogger buddy and I were in Glendale for Spring Training and found ourselves sighing at the lack of original food places.
Not that eating in strip malls is bad.. it's just bad.
Luckily, my friend yelped and found this place nearby.
We sat ourselves at the bar.
The food was outstanding!
Not only did we LOVE our food, we met a regular that was hilarious and had schtick with our bartender/waiter.
She was very funny!
Oh.. and that was some quick service indeed!
There is a nightclub attached to Bobby Q.
My friend and I did venture on over to check it out, but it was definitely NOT our scene or music.
Very Vegasy.
So, maybe skip that.. unless you are 23 and like Vegas clubs.. Or are like us.. and blog about traveling and check out things we would not normally visit.
Or - if you want to dance off your meal, maybe?
No.. wait..
I don't think you should do that.
The food is really fantastic and should get to stay cozily in your stomach until it's good and ready to part ways.
www.DartandMap.com

On a return trip from Sky Harbor, we stopped there, at our daughter's request, to eat.
That meal was the best BBQ meal ever.
We shared about 5 different meats (sausage, pork ribs, beef ribs and brisket, and chicken) with several sides, including mac and cheese and pecan cole slaw.
The beef ribs were OUTSTANDING!
Would definitely return.

I will make my review simple.
1) Corn bread is good, not the best in the world but good.
2) Portions are big 3) Bbq sauce is mediocre, nothing special 4) Meat is cooked well 5) bbq sauce is mediocre******************  I would give it less stars if it wasn't for how well the meat was cooked and free donuts!
Our waiter was nice...and peculiar at the same time.
He said and acted the way a good waiter would......but his tone of voice and facial expressions did not match his actions.
I was very confused by him, but he was nice and checked up on us frequently in his own unique way.
Pros: meat cooked well, large portions!
Great donuts!
Cons: sides (mac n cheese/cole slaw/potato salad) were mediocre, and the BBQ sauce was mediocre!
Expected more from a bbq place.

My family went here on a trip up to Flagstaff and are now ruined on barbeque.
The prices were very reasonable, the portions big, the flavors fantastic, and the draft beers thirst-quenching.
I don't think I'll ever have ribs that good again.
Our server and the bartender were very attentive.
If you must go here, be sure to mention Yelp for 10% off your order.
We had the Whole Hog Heaven ($38) and Q-Rolls ($9), which were more than enough for four people.
The Amber Ale, available in 21 oz glasses, is a good pairing.
The ambiance is noticeably better than Chilli's, but not pretentious.
Stopping here was a highlight of our trip.

Yes..... you're eyes are not playing games with you...
I rated Bobby Q's with TOP ratings and well deserved!
As always I start out by reminding everyone that I am pickiest person I know and when I like a place....
I tell all and when a place sucks...
I also tell all!
lol  Lets start in the parking lot with attendants guiding us on where to park...I guess happy hour is a BIG thing there.
We were immediately greeted and seated in a comfortable chair on one side couch on the other table.
Justin was there in a jiffy for drink orders and telling us "newbies" about the restaurant and even its backround.
The ambience was warm and comfortable (other than the BOOM BOOMING noise coming thru the wall from the bar)  We were served warm and totally AWESOME corn bread while we decided on what to order.
We shared a 3 meat combo, I believe the price was $21.00 but dont quote me.
The combo included a choice of 3 meats and we chose  spare ribs, pork and brisket which came with 2 sides.
Justin brought a sample of the mac and cheese and OMG....that is some damn fine mac/cheese....very very rich but yummy!
Having had our share with the sample,  we chose the pecan cole slaw and bbq beans as our sides.
The meal arrived in no more than 5 minutes and they were nice enough to split it on 2 plates for us.
The pork was incredibly moist and smoky yumminess...the brisket was tender and again that smoky flavor with just a little sauce on top as not to drown it and the ribs fell right off the bone.
Justin brought us some mild and spicy bbq sauce and they were both tangy and full of BAM!
The cole slaw was not too wet from mayonise overdose and just perfect and the bbq beans were a little sweet but very good.
And when you feel stuffed and have had your fill they bring you a little brown bag with a few homemade mini doughnuts....just a tad sweet and the perfect end to a perfect meal!
Keep in mind I have been on a quest to find what I feel is some good BBQ and this my friends is it!
(would I steer you wrong?
) :)  I have tried the Honeybears...yuk  and the place in Glendale that was on the show "check please" (yucky sauce and ribs were nothing to write home about and their cole slaw was soaking in mayo)...ick.... and Dickeys which....well...I really have nothing good to say about that place (see my review from last month).
I have been hearing about Bobby Q's for a while now, but never felt like taking the long drive out there.....boy oh boy am I glad I did.
As I always say....food is a matter of personal preference and I would gladly pay the price for good food but it pisses me off to pay good money for lousy food!
Which is why I feel obliged to share my opinion with my fellow Arizonians out there.
Overall I say GO!
TRY!
ENJOY!
and until you do.......  Bon Appetite'

My husband had requested BBQ ribs for our anniversary dinner so I searched yelp and found Bobby Qs.
We live in Goodyear so it was a bit of a drive but worth every mile.
The cornbread was warm and fresh, we had the Whole hog platter and have enough leftover for at least one more meal.
The baby back ribs were melt-in-your-mouth good, the pulled pork and brisket to die for, the grilled corn sweet and buttery.
It is now our new favorite BBQ restaurant.
Laura, the manager, was friendly and very warm.

In these days of turmoil in the world and a rough economy, a place where you can go to feel the warm fuzzies, be cozy, and get good value for your money would be what you're looking for, right?
Well then, you have found it at Bobby Q.
And even non-carnivores can enjoy themselves.
The moment I got out of my car the seductive scents of smokey bbq wafted into my nose.
Winding through the patio with a bit of a ramschackle look with plants and tin and who knows else (but it's all for show), I enter the inner sanctum:  spacious and with dark walls, high ceilings, big paddle fans, and a bustling atmosphere.
A cheerful hostess greets my wife and I and takes us to our table.
The seating is comfortable, and the lighting is bright enough to read the menus but low enough to enjoy.
Our waitress, Tiffany, is a real joy.
She is very cheerful, checks on us just enough, and gets the orders correct.
She came out in short order and answers all our questions knowledgeably, and soon brings out the first golden nuggets of our meal: complimentary corn bread (they look like muffins without the tops).
They are delicious: very warm, melting in your mouth, moist, and with little pieces of corn in them.
The accompanying butter is hardly needed.
The menu, of course, focuses on meat, but for those inclined towards other proteins, there are other options: grilled salmon and shrimp  for example.
My wife order the baby back ribs with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies.
I got the grilled salmon, grilled veggies and pecan cole slaw.
I also had the "homemade" lemonade which came with free refills.
It was refreshing, but a bit on the sweet side.
I first got a side salad.
It was a decent size but basically iceberg lettuce with a few cherry tomatoes, croutons, shredded cheese and a little green pepper topped with red onions.
Warning: if you don't eat pork, they sprinkle bacon bits on top, which wasn't mentioned on the menu.
I got the blue cheese dressing, which didn't have lots of flavor but had real little pieces of blue cheese.
Soon the entrees came out, and they were good-sized.
My salmon was nicely seared and with a slight crispiness outside and very moist inside, served with a light sweet sauce on top.
The grilled veggies were green pepper, onion chunks, zucchini, and summer squash, served with a light vinaigrette.
Very tasty.
The serving size was about 1/2 cup.
The pecan cole slaw was good sized, with the right amount of mayo, and topped with the nuts (so if you are allergic to nuts, they simply can leave it off).
I wound up taking home 1/2 the fish and slaw and some veggies to make a lunch!
My wife finished off the 1/2 rack of ribs that she said just fell off the bone.
She took home some of the generous portion of mashed potatoes.
I tasted them: they were red skin potatoes with some of the skin in there and plenty of flavoring and very good.
While we had a generous meal, we felt for the benefit of our readers to press on and have dessert.
While "Death by Chocolate" cake sounded tempting, they were out of it, so we got Peach Cobbler instead.
It came in a bowl: sliced peaches topped with a light pastry that was seasoned with the warming spices of cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves (it seemed) and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.
Along with that we received the complimentary mini-doughnuts dusted with sugar and cinnamon.
Those melted in your mouth.
Tiffany gave us both two, but they never made it home!
Oh, and the Peach Cobbler was delicious, too!
Verdict: this is a great place for families and couples and anyone else as it is very welcoming and has great food to suit most tastes.
Except probably not if you're vegan.
I left it with a nice warm feeling all over and the thought that I would return.
Yelpers: there is currently a discount of 10% off the bill if you mention it.

Bobby Q's is the BEST BBQ restaurant in the valley.
Better then Famous Daves.
Better then Waldo's, in my opinion.
This used to be Bobby McGee's in the 90's and they would have live band and dancing there.
I went there with my wife, mother-in-law and daughter.
We didn't make reservations because we didn't know you had to until we had called them that day.
At the time, they weren't taking anymore reservations until after 8pm and that was too late for us.
It was only 3:30p at the time.
The woman on the phone said the wait time was about 45mins, so we went anyways.
We got there around 4:00pm and put our names on the list.
They said they would call us when the table was ready.
I kind of missed the little pagers we usually get at Cheesecake Factory and other restaurants, but personal service is still nice too.
So I waited 30mins, checked the list and there were still 2 groups ahead of us.
Check again at 45mins and still one group ahead of us.
The hostess apologized and explained that customer with reservations would get seated first, which made sense, but I was getting hungry.
Finally 55mins in we got seated (near the kitchen door) and was able to order drinks immediately as we looked over the menu.
They had some specials, so I got the Prime Rib/Lobster Tail with 2 sides for $30.
I got the Mac & Cheese and Corn I believe.
I can't remember what everyone else got, but I know they loved the food.
They brought out warm corn bread, which was moist, sweet and great with butter.
My wife and mother-in-law loved their alcoholic drinks.
I got lemonade which was excellent as well.
The meals came after about 15mins.
The prime rib simply melted in your mouth.
It was delicious.
The Mac & Cheese was perfect.
Nice and creamy and cheesy, just like how I make it.
My wife tried mine and loved it.
I tried her bake beans and even those were incredible.
The corn was also good, Even the coleslaw that I tasted was very tasty.
The lobster, we juicy and I doused it in the butter for another bite.
It was cooked perfectly.
I tried my wife's Baby Back Rib and they were smokey, moist and incredible with the BBQ sauce.
I couldn't believe how good everything was.
The waitress came back and forth to our table at least 6-7 times during the meal to see if there was anything else we needed.
Very friendly and courteous.
My daughter, who's only 2.5yrs loved everything, especially the mac & cheese since she loves cheese.
Definitely one of the best BBQ meals I've ever ate.
I will probably get the Brisket or Baby-Back Rib the next time I go.
If you have BBQ and Steak, this is the place to go.
It was definitely worth the wait and the kitchen door didn't even bother me because I was enjoying the food.
I forgot a couple things.
i forgot to mention the appetizers.
They give you a lot for the appetizers.
We got the BBQ wings and Artichoke/Spinach dip and it was fabulous.
some places will give you 5-6 wings for appetizer, but we got like twice that amount and it was delicious.
At the end of the meal they give you soft delicious donuts for free.
5 stars from me here.

So we went back last Friday for a birthday celebration and what can I say.....
OUTSTANDING!
This time our server was Alyissa (I hope I spelled that correctly).
Same experience, greeted right away and although we had to wait 15 minutes or so, it was enjoyable sitting outside during our wait.
Server was GREAT and the food was GREAT and the manager was GREAT!
I LOVE how the manager will visit to ask how things are and when she discovered the birthday boy LOVED the MAC AND CHEESE she brought him another serving with a candle in it!
The birthday boy mentioned to our server that the MAC AND CHEESE was the best he's ever had (this coming from a 14 yrs old mac and cheese expert) so being the FAB server she was, Alyissa brought him another cup full of mac and cheese!
You have to know that their mac and cheese is creamy and rich and the absolute BEST I have had in a restaurant.
Then they brought  the birthday boy a decedant to die for Chocolate brownie with ice cream and whipped cream for dessert, with 4 spoons!
lol  This 14 yr old boy says this is the BEST restaurant he has ever been to and this young man has traveled all over the world and eaten at MANY restaurants since he was practically born!
From the mouth of babes!
lol  This is a must try restaurant.... give it a try....and until you do.....  Bon Appetite'

I used to drive past this place daily and have always heard great things about their food.
I remember going there when it was Bobby McGee's.
They still have the club ambiance late night and it looks pretty popping if you are into that.
We just went for the food.
I was stoked after checking in to see that they offered a first Yelp check in for 10% off your check, score.
The food was great.
My wife had the rib platter, very tasty, juicy and the BBQ sauce was delicious.
I had a Catfish Po'Boy along with a side of Mac n' Cheese, both were great.
They have plenty of drinks and a nice selection of beer on tap.
Thank you Bobby Q's, when I am in the need of BBQ I will be back.

I got the tasting platter (or whatever it's called for $13) and chose the Pork, Ribs and Brisket with a side of pecan slaw.
I didn't expect a feast, and wasn't disappointed.
the portions were what one would expect from a tasting platter: 4 or so small ribs, several forkfuls of pulled pork and 3-4 pieces of brisket.
However, I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the slaw.
That thing had me pleasantly chowing down for more time than any of the meats I chose.
How was the meat: the pulled pork was EXCELLENT.
It was tender, juicy, and had just the right amount of BBQ sauce.
The brisket was a bit on the lean side, but had enough help from the great house BBQ sauce to push that one through.
When you got brisket that had a bit more fat to it, it would just melt in your mouth (that's the way brisket should be!).
The ribs (St. Louis-style) were as good as everyone on here hypes them: the meat can be pulled off the bone with little to no effort.
I don't recall how smokey the ribs were, but I liked them regardless and noted that the house wasn't trying to use rib-meat as a thinly-veiled vehicle for BBQ.
The ribs were lightly sauced, and the strength of the preparation was, in no way, not masked by said sauce.
For dessert, my table order a 1/2 order of the banana pudding, and a full order of the mud-pie.
We *loved* the banana pudding (it's more like a banana custard atop a pecan-crumb crust), but couldn't find it in ourselves to enjoy the mud-pie.
Our waitress was gracious enough to take the pie back and bring us a full order of banana pudding!
What a gal!
Simply put: if I'm back in/around Phoenix and am craving BBQ, I will not hesitate to come back here and get either a pulled pork sandwich or a full rack of ribs.

A little on the pricey side for BBQ, but the food and ambiance here are great.
Looks a little more upscale on the inside than what I had expected...reminds me of something somewhere between Charleston's and the Keg.
This is a pleasant surprise, especially considering the location.
The portions are huge, definitely big enough to share (which helps with the cost) and there are probably going to be leftovers depending on what you order.
I have sampled most of the BBQ on the menu and it is all delicious.
They bring a carafe of mild and regular sauces to the table so there is no shortage of sweet-tangy-saucy deliciousness.
Good selection of side dishes.
I especially liked their cole slaw -- not too wet, not too sweet.
The server brings a little bag of fresh mini donuts sprinkled with cinnamon sugar at the end of the meal.
They are pretty incredible!!

I occasionally enjoy BBQ but it needs to have a great smokey flavor, good BBQ sauce, and not a lot of fat incorporated into the meat.
Bobby Q delivers!
It looks like a dive bar on the outside but the inside has a very nice atmosphere.
The tables are spacious, it's very clean, and they play good country music :) Even better, our waitress provided exceptional service.
I had the beef brisket sandwich with a side of macaroni and cheese.
The beef brisket was so tender that it falls apart and the mac and cheese was an indulgence that was worth the calories!
I enjoyed the spicy BBQ sauce on top of my sandwich.
It has a nice kick but isn't too spicy that it takes away from the flavor of the brisket.
My husband had a combo rib plate (baby back ribs & St. Louis ribs) which he enjoyed a lot.
He liked the St. Louis ribs a bit more than the baby backs because they were meatier and not as marbled as he had expected.
He also loved the mac & cheese and the garlic mashed potatoes.
Would definitely recommend this restaurant.

We were craving some BBQ, and hadn't been here in a while, so we decided to head over.
It wasn't overly crowded on a Sunday night, but it wasn't empty, either.
Hubby and I ordered the same thing, 2 meat combo (brisket and baby back ribs) with double grilled veggies--extra grilled.
For some reason, we both got the same thing, sometimes that happens.
First, we got our cornbread, which is always so delicious.
They serve it with butter, but you don't really need it.
Our meals came quickly (we didn't order appetizers), so we dug right in.
The brisket, as usual, melted in my mouth.
It's probably one of the best places I've ever been for brisket, and that's saying something.
I always order it wherever we go.
Also, my husband is NOT a brisket eater, but he will order it here.
Now for the ribs, I need to let you know, I'm a sweet & savory BBQ fan, definitely not spicy.
I've had the ribs before, and they were always sweet and tender, plus they literally fall off the bone.
These were like they usually are, fall off the bone and tender.
But, there seemed to be a spicier rub on them, which was a little off-putting to me.
Even my husband mentioned it, and he doesn't mind a little heat.
Neither one of us remember them tasting that way.
I dipped them in the sweet BBQ sauce, and that seemed to cool the spice a bit, and I did eat them all, but I'm not sure I'd get them again.
And, lastly, the grilled veggies, which consist of green peppers, zucchini, squash, onion and mushrooms--wonderful!!
I love the charred grill taste, and I gently dip them in the sauce.
I really adore them!
We rarely get dessert, because we're so full.
We have taken some cobbler home before, but it's never quite the same as having it fresh from the kitchen.
Plus, they bring you each a fresh mini sugary doughnut with your bill.
These are the perfect finish to a very good BBQ meal.
They bring them to you in a bag, but to be honest, they've never made it out the door.
The only reason I'm giving this restaurant and meal 4 stars instead of 5, is because of the rub on the ribs.
Other than that, it was a perfect meal.

I had the Beef ribs and I'd rate them as ok.
The meat was really tender and the sauce was good.
However, I couldn't detect any of that Smokey bbq taste that I enjoy.
Overall it was a decent meal, I'd eat there again.

Was visiting Pheonix/Glendale for a Raider game, and yelped around for a spot to eat.
This BBQ joint is off the wall.
I have not had BBQ like this and the service is the best.
I highly recommend this place if you are a BBQ aficionado.

The absolutely best food ever, they acutally adjusted my bill for a YELP discount that I got while I was waiting for my food.
My Reisling was rather expensive for St. Michelles, $12.00 the only way I was OK with it was the 10% coupon discount.
St. Michelles usually runs 6.00 - 8.00 I have never paid 12.00 for this wine.
That was the only disappointing part of the evening.

Barbeque is not my favorite style of cuisine.
There.
I said it.
That having been said, I find myself going to BBQ restaurants on a regular basis because the men in my life live for it.
So I got talked in to hitting up Bobby Q.
Sure...why not...
The food at Bobby Q is EXCELLENT.
Probably the best BBQ I've ever had and as I said, I don't like BBQ very much.
Very flavorful, not overly sauced, good sized portions.
All around, excellent.
So why the 3 stars?
Three reasons.
1) RIDICULOUSLY high prices.
It's BBQ, not Morton's steak house.
Our party of 4 bill was nearly $100 and there wasn't an alcoholic beverage in sight....  2) Service was not up to par at all.
You do not leave the appetizer dishes on the table when you are putting down the dinner dishes.
And you don't leave said dishes on the plate after the lady of the table has gone out of the way to stack said dishes perfectly so you can easily take them away.
And you don't leave them until said lady has to ask you 3 times to take them away.
3) Restaurant was dirty.
Sorry but leaving tables unbussed all around us just isn't acceptable at the prices you are charging much less at a lower-price-point establishment.
Bobby Q...get your service up to par, take a good look at your price points, and CLEAN.
I'll be back I'm sure since the men in my life love BBQ.
I would love to be able to raise your stars!

Just ate here today and this place is great!
The brisket is delicious and moist and the ribs are a smokey fall off the bone delight.
I strongly suggest the Q-roll appetizer to start and the corn bread is off the chain.
I had potato salad and its eh average.
The mac and cheese is freakin awesome as well.
All in all as a bbq lover this place is in my top 3 bbq places in phoenix.
Somewhat pricey but you definitely wont be dissapointed.

Went to Bobby Q with a work colleague and fellow BBQ enthusiast.
We ordered two 3-meat combo plates so that we could try almost everything.
All 3 ribs tasted good (baby back, st-louis, beef).
I would have hoped for more smoke and more of a rub (we ordered them dry with sauce on the side).
Of the three, I think that the St-Louis were the best.
We also had brisket, pulled pork and chicken.
All three of these need lots of smoke (in my view) to be a success and there just was not enough.
The brisket was not sliced and had no barque.
It was more of a "pulled" format in small pieces.
It tasted a bit dry and lacked smoke.
Overall, it's OK but not great.
I'm stuck between going with 2 or 3 stars on this because the sides weren't all that fantastic either (mac & cheese, fries, grilled veg, ranch beans).
However, it is still decent BBQ if you stick to the right items (ribs).

Happy Hour in a BBQ joint and these dumb country bumpkins decide to enforce a dress code at 5pm???
They have an outdoor patio and its 100 degrees - I'm not dressing up to eat your BBQ, especially when there are plenty of more reasonably priced places around town.
Ok, the BBQ buffet was free, but they aren't bringing out their A game stuff for free.
I made it past the "host" stand where there was some grumpy bouncer (for happy hour?
), but then as I reached the back, another security guard (making $9hr) escorts me back to the front without saying anything.
Then big bouncer with no brains or customer service ability (do they ever?
) says I can't wear athletic shorts.
He claimed he was a manager, but no way in hell did that guy manage anything, more or less have a college degree.
Suddenly, we are in an argument, he is pointing out a sandwich board sign with about 20 different rules for dressing up to enter happy Hour and all I wanted to do was punch the dude.
I ended up calling him a fat piece of ....and left determined noit to visit this place anymore.
Maybe after 9pm put a dress code in, but that poilicy is just plain dumb.
Just cause I wasn't wearing pretty shorts or a belt - well screw you Booby Q.

Let me start by saying this restaurant is way too expensive.
BBQ is supposed to be cheap and dirty.
With this being said the lunch prices are reasonable.
The BBQ sampler with ribs, brisket, and pulled pork with one side ran about $14.
The ribs were definitely the standout of the meal.
They came off the bone clean, were very tender, and had a nice smoky flavor.
The pulled pork rivaled the ribs, and may have actually surpassed them in taste.
The brisket was tender, but was lacking the flavor of the other two meats.
It also seemed a little off in color as it was as it was much lighter than most I have had.
Mac n' cheese was my choice of side and it was deliciously cheesy.
I could devour bowl after bowl of that goodness.
Also worth a mention is the donut they bring you after your meal.
That thing, albeit small, was fresh out of the fryer, covered in sugary sweetness and an unexpectedly nice ending to a solid meal.

Still good but a bit down from last time.

It's been awhile since I've had some good ribs.
Bobby Q has fall off the bone ribs and the mac n cheese was so good.
Everthing was delicious.
Our server was friendly and helpful.
I will be back for more.
YUMMY!

Delicious!
I had the pulled pork sandwich with potato salad.
The service was amazing.
Go.

Some great barbecue here.
We had the pulled pork and brisket sandwiches and both were pretty much perfect.
The mac and cheese is straight up magic.
This place is a bit of a mad house though.
Always seems to be a crowd and a bit of a wait, but their food is worth it.
The staff was on point, providing great service all around.
I particularly liked the dinning room atmosphere.
Barbecue should be simply and delicious, and that's what you'll find here.

Amazing barbecue where they're known for their ribs and brisket.
The Ribs were alright, but the brisket... delicious and tender.
Corn bread served on the side compliments the BBQ cuisine but I didn't find it to be the best I've ever had; just OK. Something about the lack of heartiness of it threw me off.
If you're in the mood for the richest mac and cheese you'll ever taste, grab a side.
Soooo cheesy I felt like I had to take a break and eat my steamed veggies to prep my taste buds for more.
Of course the french fries were tasty and mashed potatoes tasted like butter which is always a winner in my book.
The place itself is located in a bit of a weird place; you'd never think it was there.
But when you find it and go inside, the overall feel is very welcoming.
When you walk in you'll notice a server frying up donuts.
Not sure if you grab these on the way out or what but we asked the server about it and got some delivered to our table to share.
Great food and laid back atmosphere.
BBQ is top notch, try for yourself.

Oh.
My.
God.
This place has THE BEST ribs I've ever had.
I really popped in here on a whim and was blown away by the food.
I went on a Sunday and got $10 off the sharing platter.
This place has the nicest cornbread muffins too, but really everything is delicious.
I went to grab the half-rack of ribs and the bones just fell out of the meat.
At the half-way point I had to stop myself because I'd end up pigging out.
I got the rest to go but honestly this was the best cue I had in all of the USA.

Not real BBQ...just over cooked meat.

In an effort to cure our weekend blues - the hubby devised a new plan.
Instead of staring @ each other all weekend we alternate weekends and plan something for us to do.
Budget of $100.
No complaining!
This was his weekend.
I'm one of those wives that loves a surprise/hates a surprise.
With that in mind I had great anxiety over the adventure ahead of me.
We start off with major construction going on our off ramp.
So we got a little side tracked and wound up going through some stranger parts of Phoenix.
I couldn't imagine a restaurant here so I was really starting to wonder what he had planned.
Then all of a sudden closer to the freeway there it is.
The most glorious signage I had ever seen.
Bobby Q's.
Fantastic.
He's gonna feed me and then the night will really begin.
We head into the restaurant and everything is so cute.
It helped so much that tonight we could finally WANT to eat outdoors if we wanted to.
It's so much cooler.
We were told that it would be about five minutes.
We turned around, sat down and then our names were called.
Not bad.
I immediately notice the comfy little love seats and some of the tables.
We were not lucky enough to grab one of them but next time I tell you, my butt will be in one of them, or outside.
Tiffany came over and explained everything.
Which was great.
I love when wait staff knows their shit.
As a diet coke fanatic I will gladly let it pass that the competition is served in their restaurant.
I oped for the peach iced tea and had four more glasses after that.
At $1.75 how can you beat that.
And its not artificial tasting at all.
This was good.
Hubby had a beer that was specifically made for the restaurant.
BBQ Amber.
Good.
Went well with the meat.
Tiffany (who in my opinion is the epitome of what a wait person should be) immediately brought us some corn bread (to hold us over) and it was so good.
So GOOD.
I frosted mine like a mini cake with that butter and was all over it.
YUM.
When we put our drink order in we put an order for the Q-rolls in.
Before I was done with my first glass of iced tea - the appy was out.
Think a smaller version of a taquito with beef brisket inside.
So awesome.
Good, just good!
I ordered the three meat combo (go big or go home) chicken, brisket and baby back ribs.
Chose mashed potatoes and corn as my sides.
Done and done.
Pic to follow.
I picked up a rib and it looked like the flintstone quarry.
Clean.
Not a lick of meat on it.
Where was the meat?
Oh on my plate.
It slid right off.
Not a touch of fat anywhere on it.
Melted on my mouth and was so good I was having trouble sharing.
The brisket was phenomenal.
The chicken with a touch of the spicy bbq sauce was run out on to the freeway and play good.
DELISH!
Do you get what I'm telling you here?
Hubby's meal was just as good.
Mac and cheese was great.
The corn.
O EM GEE the corn.
The little corn coins.
So cute and so damn good.
More peach iced tea.
At some point hubby used the term "meat mayonaisse" to describe the ribs.
He says that the fat on the ribs (which was minimal) melted in his mouth.
The manager came over to check on us and what a doll she is.
I'm so mad that we didn't get her name.
Dear Manager - thank you again for the delish meal, the unexpected treat after and the great time we had on our date.
We will bring everyone we know there, we will suggest to everyone that they go there.
It was a real treat.
To summarize - great place, great drinks, great service, great food, great manager, great dessert.
It will be our go to restaurant.

Went Sunday night with the bf, and we shared a huge combo of prime rib and bbq chicken with baked potato and 2 sides.
We opted for a 2nd baked potato and pecan cole slaw.
We ordered hot tea, and it's the cute little boxes of Revolution tea, in various flavors -golden chamomile, ginger peach, tropical green, and earl grey lavender is what we ended up with.
Love all of them.
I love prime rib, and this really hit the spot.
The horseradish was not that spicy though.
Still tasty (we get both) but I was hoping it had more of a kick.
The bbq chicken practically fell right off the bone.
the bbq sauce is one of my favorites.
Cole slaw was delicious as usual, but I didn't see any pecans.
Stefania was our server, and she was pleasant and attentive.
The receipts are a little tacky, showing "suggested gratuity of 18% and 20%" already calculated.
Not a fan.
They already tack on 20 % for parties of 8 or more, which is fine, but the 2 of us can do our own math, thanks.
I like how versatile the table and booths are.
They can easily be arranged to accommodate various sized groups, and just the fact that you can control how close you are to the table is always a plus in my book.
I've been to other restaurants where it feels like you're a mile away from the table if you want back support.
So it's great that this is not an issue.
I really want to try their oatmeal cookie martini, and some of the desserts were tempting, but I don't know if I'll ever have room to try!
A fun place to go for a celebration, a date, or family dinner.

TGIF meets BBQ = Bobby q.
Disappointed and misled by the yelp reviews - was expecting 4 star quality food but instead got lukewarm Cajun shrimp, bland pulled pork and corn that was covered in butter.
Its only saving grace was that the meat was cooked right as others have said, but they lacked a real BBQ sauce to bring out the meat.

The perfect burger.
Awesome BBQ!
NEVER a bad meal!

I worked here for quite sometime...
I can honestly say this is one of the cleanest, tastiest, and most affordable "just past casual" dining you will ever encounter.
There is literally no bad item on the menu; however, I can honestly say the Smokehouse Burger, BBQ Brisket, and Mac and Cheese outdoes the rest of the menu.
The atmosphere can be a little dark, but creates a more private experience.
Service is some of the best I have ever encountered.

I don't usually like to give a review after only having been to a place once but...
I have never felt so welcome, so well treated, and so satisfyingly full after one visit!
I have definitely found my new favorite carnivorous dining place.
My friend Don S. checked in here one day and I asked him if he was clubbing because I had been to the lounge with my cousins before but didn't know much about the restaurant since it had changed from Bobby McGee's back in the day.
He laughed!
Told me they have an amazing burger!
Say what?
Bobby Q is a five minute drive from my house!
How did I not know this?
I went last night with my son and let me tell you, one of the most pleasant dining experiences of my life!
I ordered the smokehouse burger.
It is 50 cents more than the regular burger and probably a hundred times better because it has bacon!
Haha.
I love my meat still pink in the middle and when I ask for something m.rare I would like it m.rare and preferably closer to the rare side.
The chef hooked up my patty perfect!
One of the best burger I have ever had!
My little boy ordered the mac off the kids menu (love kids menus), and he loved it so much he ordered up a second helping!
Sean our waiter was so kind and helpful and playful with the boy.
It's so much more enjoyable when the staff is good with kids.
Laura, who must have been management, came out to check on us mid meal and was also super sweet.
She brought me out a sample of the brisket.
Melty and delicious and bursting to the brim with flavor.
She also told my son that if he tried the brisket she would bring him desert on the house!
How cool is that?!?
Of course he tried it, but more importantly he loved it!
Then came.... Death by Chocolate!
Its like an ice cream sandwich with brownie book ends!
And so large that I only let Buddha tackle one part of it.
I cannot wait to come back and try more off the menu!
Oh did I mention that they give you free donuts at the end of your meal?
I mean who can eat donuts after this kind of meal!
But they are just as tasty the next morning!
YUM!
So impressed!

Went to BObby q for a birthday gathering recently.
We were a party of 6.
I was the only one who had been before.
Everyone was impressed with the place.
The service was outstanding.
I appreciate the fact that we were really able to relax and our server paid attention to detail.
Food was great.
Will be back.

Oh man, Yelp did not disappoint me during a weekend trip to the Phoenix area with this place.
First of all, they warm you up with free cornbread whilst you decide on what kind of grilled flesh you'd like to consume; it's served with a side of butter but TOTALLY not needed...the cornbread is warm, soft, and buttery as it is.
On to the main stuff - promove if there's just two of you dining would be the Whole Hog Heaven deal for $38: pick from two meats off of a list of four (the ladyfriend and I picked the beef brisket and sausage), two rib selections out of three (we rolled with the beef ribs and St. Louis-style), and three sides from their list (went with grilled veggies, mac and cheese, and shoestring fries).
The brisket had that wonderful, beefy flavor - tender and moist on this particular occasion.
Sausage was sausage; nothing spectacular.
The beef ribs were good; they were decently sized and definitely meaty.
However, we enjoyed the St. Louis-style ribs; these too weren't the pinnacle of ribdom, but these were also tender and delicious.
As for the sides: grilled veggies - good, wish we had more; shoestring fries - they were fries; mac and cheese - too cheesy.
Why five stars?
Great service, great deal for the amount of food we got, and, as many have noted, WARM DONUTS BEFORE YOU LEAVE.
We didn't know about that part until we passed on dessert and received the check.
If you feed me a good meal for a good price and give me a fresh treat at the end...well, you're a winner in my book.

Great BBQ!
the Babyback ribs, just fall off the bone!
The place had a great atmosphere, great service and great food.
Would highly recommend!

Went for another visit and am raising my prior rating due to more ample servings this go around.
Also, the Yelp check-in discount was good to have too!

we went to bobby q's a couple of weeks ago.
they have amazing bbq!
we got the  sampler and enjoyed it very much!
we happen to sit right in front of their large chicken rotisserie.
they smelled amazing!
we will try that next time.
we can't wait to go back!
amazing food!

I was born and raised in Texas, so I have been searching for good barbeque in Arizona since I got here a couple years ago.
This place is the real deal, and SO much better than the crappy chains like Dickey's.
I came in for lunch last week and got a cup of the ham and bean soup to start with.
It was yummy!
Delicious broth, plenty of thinly sliced ham.
I also ordered the sampler lunch of baby back ribs, barbeque chicken, and spicy sausage, with a baked potato as the side.
The ribs were heavenly, I didn't even bother to pick them up because the meat just fell right off the bone so I used a fork.
Perfect with zero gristle.
The sausage was pretty good, a little dry but nothing to frown about.
The chicken was okay, but barbeque chicken isn't really my thing, I only ordered it for variety because I didn't want three pork dishes.
The corn bread that comes on the side is pretty good, it's very light, somewhat sweet and falls apart as you pick it up.
The baked potato was alright.
Coming for lunch here is definitely the better deal,  the three meat sampler was maybe $12 (sorry I can't remember for sure) and came with one side plus cornbread.
The three meat sampler at dinner is $21 with the same amount of food except you get an extra side.
Pretty criminal if you ask me.
So even though the bartenders at dinner are really lovely, I'd rather come in for lunch and pay half the price for the same amount of food.
As a bonus they also give you a paper bag of fresh mini cinnamon-sugar donuts with the check, although good luck finding room for them!

Bobby Qs isn't the type of place I usually go for.
Its a very touristy kind place, almost like a Macaroni Grill for BBQ.
The big difference though between this place and Macaroni Grill is the fact that the food is actually really good at Bobby Qs.
The staff was very efficient and knowledgeable about the menu.
One of my pet peeves is when a staff member has to go and ask someone about a question I have about the menu.
Its pretty obvious the staff here is trained really well.
I had the ribs which were perfectly cooked.
Again though, not the type of place I go for, its also kind of has a upscale feel almost, but definitely not your hole in the wall BBQ place.

Amazing.
Definition of BOTH, melts in your mouth AND falls off the bone.
Wish I would've tried it sooner.

Wow.
Best macaroni and cheese I've had outside of Chicago's south side.

OK, I must admit, I miss this place.
This place has got to be my holy grail restaurant for BBQ and I used to bring all my friends from California to this place and they all LOVED IT.
I haven't found any restaurant like this in Northern California.
Oh the yummy BBQ with the meat that falls right off the bones, how I miss you!!!!!
Definitely a place to hit up if you're around the area!

I just moved out here so trying to find good BBQ here in Phx.
Bobby Q was not the best (my family is from TX so trying to beat that is hard period) but I have to say it was good.
The pulled pork was tender.
The southern fried chicken was moister than I thought so I give them points for that one.
It was white meat.
My friend said their brisket was dry so stay away from there.
Ribs were def falling off the bone.
It was too much sauce for me (I like my BBQ dry rubbed and not drowned in sauce) but it was just as tender as everyone said.
My favorite meat dish.
The sides: 1) Sauted mushrooms -  SOOOO good!!
Whatever is in the sauce, it was so flavorful that I dipped the pork and mash potatoes in it.
Skip the sauted onions.
2) mash potatoes- pretty good!
3) grilled veggies.
Nothing amazing but still good.
4) Mac and cheese.
Cheesy.
Not the best but pretty good.
Cornbread: moist but bordering on too soft.
Food I'd say is a 3 or 3 1/2 What really gives them points is the service.
The waitress (forgot her name ;)) did great at always checking in on us and getting us whatever we needed.
Even the bartender and possibly a manager was great.
You certainly get well taken care of here.
The waitress did recommend the peach cobbler.
When I asked her if the peaches were fresh (I don't think it's peach season right?
) she wasnt sure.
Might have to take her up on it still since some people mentioned it.
Next time!

Incredible BBQ.
Not nearly as good as Bryan's Black Mtn BBQ in Cave Creek, but 2nd best in Phoenix.

Wow...
I'm from California and we don't really have any BBQ there, so I like to indulge a little when I travel.
Last month I was in Ft Worth, Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, and New Orleans.
People there  said I had to try the Salt Lick in Round Rock (outside of Austin), and it was "ok"...
I thought at the time.. "ok, it's above average"...
I thought maybe I didn't really have a taste for it.
New Orleans Jambalaya can't be matched...
I'll leave it at that.
I didn't try the gumbo at Bobby Q, I just thought I would be disappointed after New Orleans a couple of weeks ago.
Brisket was unbelievable, also the best I've ever had.
I tried the 3-meat combo and had chicken, St. Louis ribs, and brisket.
All were over the top, the brisket especially.
The ribs were very large and very tender.. probably the best I've ever had (anywhere).
Mac & Cheese is supposedly their specialty... it was good, but I've had better, it wasn't that memorable but I didn't leave any behind either.
Baked potato side ...
I wasn't happy with it, seemed under cooked or something.
I usually have a salad at least once a day, but I didn't try it at Bobby Q, I assumed it wasn't their thing.
Ambiance was excellent but I opted to sit in the patio, it was a beautiful night, but what a mistake.
It was only occupied by a work-party or something and they were rather ripped, drunk, and to the point of talking about what it's like to travel in the south as a gay man, etc... kind of crude and I wasn't interested, neither was anyone else... higher class places would have asked them to leave.
(I dinged the score for this).
After the crowd had it's fill of drinking, they turned to smoking... Oh My ... Yuck... haven't seen that in about a decade... One nice thing about California... smoking is fine, as long as it's 200 feet from anyone else.
The patio has a cover that is low and curved at the sides, it held the smoke in like an airship.
After 20 minutes, I was really gagging and it made the food taste awful.
Smokers...
I know you like to light up after dinner, but you don't smoke "during" dinner.
Why is that?
Makes the food taste nasty?
Yes... it does... learn to be considerate and take it outside for people that are eating and paying as well.
Took any desire for dessert away, I just wanted to leave at that point.
If not for the smoking (which should really be banned in the constrained area), and the mediocre sides I would have given it 5 stars.
As it is, solid 4 (meat was that good).

Great que.
I have lived in Oklahoma and Texas and Bobby Q is up there with the best of them.

Wow!
Some great barbecue at this place.
It's a bad time to reminisce about the meal I had because I am hungry right now.
I only wish the potato salad was more flavorful.
Dessert, meal cornbread was all ridiculously delicious.

My family and I have recently discovered this place.
The service is okay, but management is great.
We always get a platter that they offer which allows us to try a variety of meat and sides.
My preschool daughters are very picky but loved the pulled chicken.
I am not a fan of the pulled pork but the St. Louis ribs are incredible and the meat falls off the bone!!
The macaroni and cheese is extra, extra cheesy and delicious.
The cap to the meal is the fresh donuts they offer at the end, leaving no reason to purchase dessert.
To wash it all down, nothing beats their strawberry lemonade served in a frosted glass.
Oh my!!!
We love it.
It has been challenging to find good barbecue in AZ and this is definitely really good and worth trying.

This place is seriously just...AMAZING.
The staff treats everyone with the utmost respect, everyone is extremely friendly, & the food is just magnificent.
Seriously...just go.
Just go there right now.
Stop reading this & GO.

Love this place.
Ate at Booby Q Friday night.
It was busy but we were seated promptly.
Service was excellent and the food arrived quickly.
The steak was excellent.
This place has great management and staff.
It is no wonder it is consistently busy.
Highly recommended.

The bbq here is pretty good, but that has been documented well by others.
My favorite thing on the menu is actually the fried chicken.
It's a HUGE boneless breast that is breaded in a yummy coating and although it is fried, it is not a big greasy blob.
It comes with two sides, but they suggest one be the mashed potatoes and gravy.
The mash is really quite good.
There is a hint of spice in there that is unexpected and nice.
My only gripe is that they serve the gravy on top of the fried chicken and I have never understood why you would drench something crispy in anything that is going to eventually turn everything to a gooey mess.
The flavor is great.
Just put it on the side.
The free donuts are a nice touch, but nothing special, so save the calories and get the banana pie/pudding thing.
The crust is made of crushed nuts, which is then topped with a substantial layer of bannana pudding.
All of this is then topped with carmelized bananas and drizzled in carmel.
YUMMO!!
And if you like their macaroni and cheese (which IMHO) is heavenly cheesy goodness, skip it as a side and order a quart to go instead.
You will get about 8 to 10 side servings for around $6.50 and that is a HUGE savings over the sides price.
Put your walking shoes on for the hike you will need to burn off the calories and just know going in that you have to through your diet out the window for one good meal.

I will definitely come back to this place again.
I LOVE their BABY BACK ribs.
Don't get the St. Louis style ribs unless you're the type that like lots of meat and less fat on your ribs.
Their ribs are juicy and tender.
Their Strawberry lemonades are also very tasty.
Our waitress was so nice and always checking up on us.
She was also very helpful in giving tips on which ribs to get.
I love the free cornbread and the donuts when you leave.

I love this place.
Ive been coming here since it was Bobby Mcgees, but now I can't go home after work without coming to my favorite spot to have "supper.
"  The very best thing about this place is not only the awesome food (in all these years I've NEVER had a bad meal) but the people who work here.
Ciara, Anthony and Jo are AMAZING.
You'd be hard pressed to find a spot like this where the minute you walk in, they are waiting for you and remember what you drink; it's like being at home, only better.
I suggest the smokehouse burger (heaven in your mouth) and the brisket and filet mignon, all incredible.
IF for some reason your meat isn't cooked as you like it, they make it right, no questions.
In the many years I've been coming here I have NEVER met a rude server/bartender.
Ciara knows her way around the bar and can handle it when ya three people deep with such sweet charm as she explains your "supper" options.
Anthony knows what you drink and if he's having a bad day you'll never know it.
Jo is just plain sweet but when it comes to her customers, you are top priority.
Word of advice, anyone can go down the street to Texas Roadhouse and watch a bunch of fools dancing on peanut shells and screaming at you over the horrible music, I come here because of the food, but mostly because of the incredible servers.
Don't screw them on their well deserved tips, they work VERY hard to please everyone here.
Belly up to the bar, or grab a cozy booth, either way you'll leave pleasantly full and happy.

Solid BBQ.
Service is efficient and the food is delicious.
Love the Mac & Cheese.
Usually have the pulled pork sandwich but I've also had the beef brisket and its terrific also.
Plenty of parking and a good location make this a west side favorite.

We've been to Bobby Q's many times and it's always been a great experience.
Everything we've eaten here has been delicious, the services is exceptional, the prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is great too.
My husband loves the Baby Back ribs and usually sticks to that.
But I like try something different each time.
On our most recent visit I had a Ribeye steak and it was delicious.
Perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful.
Our server, Lindsey, was very friendly, efficient, and accommodated all of our special requests.
Our food was served quickly and exactly as ordered.
We like to take our family and friend's to Bobby Q's too, because we know there will be something on the menu to please everyone.
Bobby Q's is one of our favorite places for dining out.

Service is exceptional even when they are busy.
Love their prime rib.
Sides are always great.
My server tonight was Tyler and he did a terrific job.

My first experience here was half good, half bad, and we left a comment card to reflect that.
The response I received was customer service at it's best.
The proprietor sent me a letter of apology along with a small gift card to replace the one item we had that wasn't terrific.
I've now been going back for 3 years on a regular basis thanks to his response and attention to service.
EVERY time since the first has been exceptional.
From the food to the service to the beer - for singles, couples, and families - this place has the menu to make you drool.
It has even become my visiting friends "must eat at" restaurant in Phoenix.
Favorite items so far are the juicy steaks or baby back ribs, and the melt in your mouth sweet cornbread.
YUMMMMMMMMMM

Ok I have to start off that I was initially going to give Bobby Q 3 stars until my wife filled out a Review and was responded promptly by the manager offering his apologies and a quick resolution.
I was very impressed and changed my review to a 4.
Ill start off with the decor of the restaurant.
I really liked it and felt welcomed.
It felt like a more upscale BBQ joint.
We first ordered the Q rolls.
These were simply amazing!
They are brisket wrapped in tortilla then deep fried and accompanied by BBQ sauce and a chipotle mayo.
We also got homemade corn bread while we waited for our entre .
We then had a 3 meat combo.
We choose pork, brisket, and sausage.
When it came to the actual BBQ I thought it was good, but not blown away great.
I thought the sausage was over smoked and I'm not a fan of chopped brisket.
I like my brisket cut into long pieces.
The pulled pork was solid but again nothing blew me away.
I liked the man n cheese but honestly thought the garlic mash pataoes were a lil tasteless though.
I added a lot of pepper to give them some taste.
Overall Bobby's was a great place to eat.
The service was outstanding, our server was Shay.
The Q rolls were amazing and the food was solid.
I really liked the personal customer service after my wife's review.
So the only thing keeping me from a 5 star rating is the actual BBQ.
I will give it another chance and would like to try the ribs this time.

This is our third time to Bobby Q.
My husband requested that we go there for his birthday dinner.
I have to start by saying that told the hostess that it was my husband's birthday but nothing was ever said about it.
I don't expect alot but a candle stuck in the mac n cheese or in a donut as acknowledgement that it was his birthday would have been nice.
That said, our server, Zac, was lovely.
Very attentive and pleasant.
Clearly, the hostess just didn't bother to mention the birthday because I'm sure that Zac would have said something nice.
He was great.
The baby back ribs were yummy.
Very fall off the bone.
The mac n cheese is quite cheesy and I love the cornbread.
On this occasion, we didn't have dessert because we were stuffed from ribs but I have had the banana dessert before and it is spectacular.

Beware of STRICT dress code.
It was really difficult to find this place, it's off a frontage road off I-17 amidst a number of drug infested apartments that have weekly rates as low as $109!
NO JOKE!!
I was wearing jeans, a collared shirt, sweatshirt, and sandals...  My friend and I were meeting a group here to celebrate someone's birthday.
We get to the front and their was no one around, so we stood there for about 5 minutes and some guy with a crooked red tie shows up, looks half awake, mumbles, and in the end says I can't get in because of their strict dresscode.
Meanwhile a guy walks passed me wearing sweats and beat up tennis shoes.
STRICT DRESS CODE??
This place had one chance and they blew it.
The guy was a real jerk.
For that I will NEVER come back, and plus it isn't in a safe neighborhood.
If you come, make sure you have at least beat up shoes and come by cab, you don't want to park your car in this neighborhood.

Probably the best BBQ place I've ever eaten at and this includes Phil's BBQ in San Diego.
I ordered the Whole Hog Heaven and everything was perfect.
Love the BBQ sauce, the ribs (even the beef) were fall-off-the-bone.
The sides were great as well.
Lots of food for the money.
Service was very friendly and even the manager was checking up on us.
The interior and exterior of the restaurant are also very nice.

An upscale BBQ place and very popular (reservations are recommended during dinner time)!
Nice decor, service was consistent, and an outstanding menu for BBQ lovers!
There is a bar with flat screen TVs and there are booths for couples at the bar area.
Babyback ribs and beef ribs are made to perfection, lots of flavor, soft, and falls right off the bone.
Beef brisket was good too, sausage was ok.  A good selection of beverages, appetizers and sides as well...from mac&cheese to beans to cole slaw to grilled veggies.
Also served with complementary corn bread (yum!
) and mini donuts at the end.
Large portions if you order BBQ meats, but not so much for the other dinners (e.g.
fish).
Liked everything about this place except for its dinner price!

Eat here all the time!
Favorites include BRISKET!!!
Try the Loaded Potato, Meatloaf Special on Thursdays (a little spicy), BBQ Chicken Sandwich is a great option.
Mashed potato and Mac/Cheese are best sides.
Looking for the lighter side, the Avocado Salad with BBQ Vinagrette is awesome!

The brisket was amazing and service perfectly executed.
Each visit has been consistently good and I would suggest them to anyone needing a BBQ fix in Phoenix.
The ribs and Q-Roll appetizers (a brisket egg roll kinda thing) are so worth a try.
Other than location, I dare say theirs nothing negitive about the place.
I personally didn't care for the banana sub-zero dessert and I'm not even sure why its called so since all it seemed was jello mixed with banana pudding.
That's just my preference though since others seemed to like it.
So I guess it would be fair to say, I love Bobby Q's...that said; I sure would like to see an option put on the menu where one could choose their steak hand-cut to order so I'd have the chance to get larger steaks.
Perhaps a charge per ounce option maybe?
A 32oz Strip, Sirloin, or even prime rib would be insanely assume!
A manager did kindly let me know a larger steak would be possible if I called ahead and that they'd be happy to have my dream steak custom cut and waiting with advance notice.
While I nearly squealed in hearing her say so, I just don't plan ahead like, so I'll probably never experience this  Everything else at BQ's so far (6 visits and counting) has been aca-ausume and  I'll be back time and time again since I now dream of that darn brisket!

Top-notch BBQ all-around!

Excellent BBQ.
The baby back ribs, awesome Mac & Cheese and great service by Austin will keep me coming back.

Simply incredible!
A definite MUST for anyone visiting Phoenix.
The Q rolls are delicious, the cornbread nearly melts in your mouth--as do the complimentary donuts at the end of the meal (taste like funnel cake!!
) Our table shared the brisket & the Hog Heaven ( we chose STL ribs, baby back ribs, pulled pork, rotisserie chicken, Mac n cheese, shoestring fries & potato salad) while everything was delicious, the brisket & pulled pork are by far the BEST we have ever had---like EVER!!
Special kudos to our server, Tyler, who kept us happy & even had patience with my kids requests!!
Only sad we don't live in Phoenix to visit more often!

LOVE this place!
Best barbecue around!
Two meat combo with brisket and pulled pork is awesome.
Mac and cheese is heavenly.
So good i can never bring myself to order anything different!
Went in yesterday for Valentines tradition with my hub, and Zac was our server - I guess its his second week there, but he was a pro!
Great service, great atmosphere, and killer food!
What more can you ask for?
Id give this place a hundred stars if i could.

Love this place!
Everything I've had has been absolutely delicious!
Go see Sawyer she is an awesome server!!
:) and dont forget to get the Mac n cheese!
Best I've ever had!!

Delicious food, great service and good atmosphere I haven't been this impressed with a restaurant in a long time.

BBQ yummy!!!
I'm from San Diego and I've been to Phil's BBQ and they pretty much go toe to toe.
I feel like I should've ordered something else cause my chicken sandwich was alright, but everyone else's food was awesome.
I tried my table mates food and the meat just fell off the ribs.
It was delicious!
They also have a spicy BBQ sauce upon request.
I'm telling you to request it!
Its tasty!
I love that they gave complimentary cornbread during and donuts at the end of your meal.
Didn't need to order dessert!
All in all, good experience.

My fiance and I loved our meal here: we would say overall 4.5 but rounded up.
Our server Zac was fabulous!
He did not miss a beat.
Loved the cornbread.
The fiance loved the Q-rolls but they weren't my jam.
We shared the 3 meats combo.
They were out of sausage so we split the brisket, pork (my favorite), and ribs (his favorite).
It was so nice of them to provide us with 2 plates with all of the meats split so we could sample everything.
I also tried the mango margarita which was fabulous and the perfect bite and sweetness.
I loved the creaminess of the mac but the fiance wasn't too impressed.
Shoestings delivered but were nothing special.
Overall, I was very happy and we left with leftovers.
The churro spiced light donuts were also fabulous.
I just love the feel of this place.

In town for spring training with my dad and uncle.
A+ BEST RESTAURANT in Phoenix !
And we tried most of them!
We stayed at the inn place motel and it's only a mile down the road.
Friendly staff Vanessa   Was our waitress and she was so nice and helpful.
Struck up conversation and actually made us feel right at home!
They have a full bar and lounge for night life but we dined in I got the brisket platter (smoked for 18hrs ) and it was delicious!!!!
So juicy and flavorful, came with 2 sides I got creamy mashed potatoes and shoe string fries both tasted hot n fresh not frozen or microwaved like most restaurants potato products.
During our (short) wait after ordering we were served fresh made from scratch corn bread and got another basket without having to ask.
A few rounds of beers/drinks and we were stuffed and completely happy.
UPDATE: We went back!
Our last night and this was the only place we wanted to be at.
Our server was  Sarah  And she was friendly fast and had refills out without asking I got the same order (plain and simple) and if possible it was BETTER than the first time!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO SPRING TRAINING CROWD   No wait weeknights  About $20 out the door meat entree 2 sides drink tip tax  Free refills  Country/lounge dark environment with mood lighting couple TVs

Worst customer service this evening!!
Which was none.
We sat at our table for 10 minutes with no server coming to our table.
After a table behind us had people seated and within 2 minutes they had a server take their drink orders.
We got up and left.
We won't be returning.

This food here is soooooooo good.
The Q-rolls are my favorite, and I love the cornbread.
We eat here at least once every 6 months, and the pulled pork is just so delicious, last night I felt like a whole pig was on my sandwich (I certainly felt like a pig after devouring every scrap of it).
That made me very happy because even though it was really too much food, the last 2 times we ate here the portion was much smaller.
We had really wonderful service (Zac) and there was a table having a party that just kept growing (I think eventually 18 people arrived) and no service suffered because of it so bravo to everyone for being able to handle a full restaurant and a huge group of people while not ignoring the rest of the patrons.

I was always hesitant to open my heart to this restaurant because (a) it has about the worst name they could have possibly chosen, and (b) it gets a lot of hype, but now that I work right across the street, I *have* to try it.
My first visit, I went with a tried-and-true classic, and something most people could probably agree is a barbecue bellwether: pork ribs.
Along with the ribs, I had their slightly disappointing lemonade (their beverage selection is quite weak for a barbecue place) and the beans on the side.
The beans were at an acceptable level of quality for a good barbecue place.
The ribs, however, shined.
Melt-in-your-mouth tender, these ribs were smoky and tasty, and the meat just falls off the bone.
You don't even need to pick these up; you can use your fork if you wish.
Of course, I couldn't issue a verdict on a place like this after just one visit.
I went back, and this time for the smokehouse burger cooked medium rare, with shoestring fries.
I don't usually order burgers at barbecue places, but I heard good things about this burger.
And boy, did it live up to expectations.
I am not usually a fan of barbecue sauce on my burgers, but this one really worked.
Part of it was the crispy onion straws, and part of it was the fact that the cook was very close to the mark on the meat temperature.
The meat wasn't particularly lean, so it is a burger you can probably order medium and still have plenty of moisture left.
The fries were also tasty, and were a perfect complement for this burger.
Now, one thing I am not a fan of is the ambiance.
It doesn't seem to have that rustic feel that you usually expect from a barbecue joint; this place seems just a tad too upscale, if that makes sense.
But I cannot deny that they make some great food here.
One could make the case that, despite their horrible moniker, Bobby Q serves up the best barbecue in the Phoenix area.

I wish there were at least vegetarian substitutes for even one meal.
I ended up with a side of mac n cheese, and a "vegetarian" pizza that looked like it was assembled by a child, and tasted like flour and regret.
Not really satisifying.
Not worth the money.
The 10% off coupon with yelp was a redeeming quality, at least.

This place needs a sixth star.
I'm impressed every step of the way.
Polite and helpful on the phone, personable and prompt waiters, perfectly portions cooked to perfection.
I've been to every BBQ place within 10 miles of home and I was very happy to have found Bobby Q's at 9 miles out.

This place was so good!
We ordered the dish that came with a combo of three meats and three side dishes.
The meats we got were beef ribs, st.louis ribs, and sausage.
I love beef ribs so much and restaurants don't always have them.
Not only do they have beef ribs they are to die for.
They are the best I've had in my life!
They were incredibly tender and flavorful.
The st.louis ribs were also super tender and flavorful.
The sausage was good but, we probably should have got more ribs because those ribs are just so awesome.
The atmosphere is very nice.
The staff was very attentive and nice.
Oh and the best part is that it is cheap.
Our bill came out to like 50 bucks which is very good because I'm used to spending at least 70 at any BBQ restaurant.

Good food, great service....Zac your awesome!

For a barbecue restaurant It is unusual to see an almost romantic setting.
Bobby Q is unique in that way and several other ways.
My wife is a vegetarian and there were not any entree options for her .
Just side dishes which she has eaten  in the past .They started us off with there cornbread which was very tasty.
I had the two meat entree with brisket of beef and the baby back ribs.
My 2 side dishes were   a baked potato and the smoked baked beans which had  pieces of bacon and brisket in it.
Very tasty.The brisket was a thick cut with a little barque sauce.
Very tender and flavorful.
The baby back ribs were so tender, I cut the meat at the bone and there wasn't a piece left on it.This was the first time I ever ate baby back ribs without getting sauce all over my hands and face.
The ribs were succulent.
We didn't want any desert but our waitress sent us away with these mini donuts which were warm and sprinkled with cinnamon sugar.
My wife loves warm baked goods.The experience we had was very good.
Bobby Q passes the barbecue test with flying colors.

We try to make it for at least one meal each time we visit Arizona.
This time, it was on St. Patties day, for a larger party, also celebrating a birthday.
We didnt have to wait long at all for them to get our table ready.
The server also had alot of fun making sure we were able to have "green beers" we were hopeing to celebrate with.
The Sunday BBQ special with all the diffrent cuts of meat, enough for at least 2 (if not more) to share was great, and plenty to go around, at an extremely reasonable price.
Everyone was full, and very happy.
Like always, good food at the right price.
The fresh, made in house donut holes to top off the meal are always looked forward to, and will return everytime we visit.

Awesome place!!
The outside patio was great and the food even better.
I had the baby back ribs they were perfection fall off the bone.
My gf had the rotisserie chicken and she couldn't stop eating.
We'll definitely be back!

Friendly welcoming atmosphere.
Pulled pork was great.
BBQ sauce was sweet but a little watery.

I had such good food here tonight, holy cow!
I came here at the last minute because I was stuck in the house all day today, and needed to get out and eat something.
I decided to come here, and even though it's not my first time, it's probably the best BBQ I've had in a while.
When I first moved here, I used to drive by this place a lot, but being that I lived on the East side for many years, I was to lazy to come here since it was .
Boy, what a to far!
Man, this place was packed tonight!
I had to circle the parking lot like twice just to get a parking space!
once inside, I was seated almost immediately at the bar.
After looking over the menu, I went with the Brisket sandwich with mashed potatoes.
It came out right away, and man, was it good!
Service was awesome, especially since it was so busy.
The bathrooms were pretty cool with big steel sinks and pretty hand soap containers.
I will say, I don't get the club thing attached to Bobby Q's, but there was a ton of people in there.
I noticed it when I came in, but saw a lot of people in there when I went to the restroom.
They had a sign up with a dress code, and I'm not real sure what that's about, but seemed interesting enough.

Really I'd still say this place is 3 1/2 stars but since you can't do that on yelp, 4 stars it is.
Came back with some girlfriends.
Still not the best BBQ but not bad either.
As tender as the ribs are, they still don't have that great smoky bbq taste within the meat that makes bbq REAL bbq.
We got the hog heaven meal so we had the baby back ribs, st louis, pulled pork and chicken with the potato salad and pecan slaw sides.
THe pecan cole slaw was good.
Roasted corn side was not quite what I expected as I thought it was just that.
It was roasted some but was more like small slivers of corn on the cob on top of a bunch of corn kernals.
But the sauce was tasty - probably pure butter.
We also got the fish fry special.
The fish I have to say was done pretty well.
It was a crispy batter so it wasn't overly soggy with oil.
The fish (cod) was pretty fresh tasting.
This time the cornbread wasn't as soft which I liked better.
Tried their banana pudding dessert.
It was different than what I was expecting.
The pudding was a lot thicker than I would have liked but still tasty.
The crust though was yummy.
It was a walnut-like crumble.
Very similar tasting to the inside of baklava.
Still have yet to try their peach cobbler.
Will next time.

Best BBQ in all of Phoenix!

Great Barbeque!!
Atmosphere is a bit loud.
Food was delicious and hot.

This restaurant has the best Baby Back Ribs and Mac& Cheese in town.
Our server, Tyler, was excellent with his service.
He knew what to expect from us and when to expect them.
I rate this establishment 5 stars with the quality of food and service.

Great home style cooked food and friendly staff.
Has a great atmosphere, that is perfect for families or a romantic date.
Great restaurant highly recommend it.

Made a reservation on line for a Friday dinner, and arrived to a very packed parking lot but they had someone at the entrance assisting in the lot and we quickly parked and were at our table within minutes.
The server quickly took our order and was very helpful.
My 3 meat dish (sausage, chicken and Brisket) was excellent as was my wife's rotisserie chicken.
Leftovers made a great lunch the next day.
The server was attentive and brought us our check promptly.
The gratuity guide at the bottom of the Bill is a bit tacky, but the Food and service is great!
We will be back.

My friends and I were visiting Phoenix for Spring Training and staying at a near by hotel.
As none of us were in a state to drive but desperately needed dinner we decided to check out Bobby Q.
We were definitely worried about what we were getting ourselves into given the neighborhood surroundings but once we walked through the doors of Bobby Q we were pleasantly surprised.
The menu was incredible.
Every BBQ option under the sun.
All meals started with some great corn bread.
The beer selection was phenomenal!
We ordered a bunch of different things on the menu and loved every single one.
Personally I had the rib combo plate and enjoyed every bite.
My one regret was ordering the baked beans as one of my sides.
It wasn't bad but just seemed average in comparison to everything else.
Definitely get the mac and cheese!
This was definitely the best surprise of our trip and we will definitely be heading back next year!

The beef brisket is awesome!!!
Shay, our waitress made our dinner so fun!

Not the best barbecue I have ever had, but I am a snob, so there you have it.
This is a great place to go with a group of people, or with family.
I wouldn't suggest coming here on a date or for girls night.
The baked potato was not special, but the beer is nice and cold, and they have options that aren't going to break the bank.
Plus the full plates are EASILY share-able.

OH my is all I have to say!
The food here was the best!
If I lived in Phoenix I would be in trouble cause I would be here all the time!
Wait staff was friendly also.

Outstanding ribs and great atmosphere.
My new favorite BBQ

Great atmosphere and great food.
The "Perfect Hamburger" was truly perfect and cooked to my specification.
Price was $10 and included a side of fries .

Bobby Q is now my favorite restaurant in Phoenix after my first visit.
The atmosphere was rustic, fun, and barbequey, the food was awesome, and the service was attentive.
I had the pulled pork and brisket...wonderful.
The mac and cheese side was certainly the best mac and cheese I've ever had...super thick, rich and smooth.
The bill for 2 with 2 beers and one premium cocktail was $50...AWESOME value!
Super highly recommended!!

The best rib eye in town!
And at a extremely reasonably price.
Their mac and cheese is amazing.
Service was friendly and prompt.
And to-die-for-donuts!!
We also like the bar area for a Saturday lunch and watch whatever ball game is on....in cozy booths.
Oh, and the corn bread!
Yummy.
As far as the neighborhood, it's always been known that the best places to eat in any city are off-the-beaten-path.....not in the touristy part....and BobbyQ's is a great example!
Go.
Enjoy.

Love this place!
The restaurant bar is welcoming and a great spot to escape the fast pace of life.
Try the happy hour menu... the brisket quesadillas are addicting.

First time visiting on a Sunday evening and this place is packed!
We ordered the Hog Heaven family meal offered on Sunday only.
Austin was our awesome, and kind server.
He told us a brief history of this place.
We enjoyed our dinner here.
Will return for sure!

What a great BBQ dinner.
We ordered the Hog Heaven and bread with queso dip, and both were spot on.
The Hog heaven was enough for 3-4 people and with just the 2 of us, we ended up taking a lot of leftovers and enjoyed them a lot for the next few days.
The grilled corn, coleslaw and mac and cheese went perfect with the BBQ.
I liked the memphis more than the baby back (they were a bit on the dry side), and the chicken was super juicy.
The surprise package was the sausage which my wife absolutely loved (she is not much of a sausage fan - so that says a lot).
Definitely recommended if you're a local or visiting from out of town.

We were visiting in this area of Phoenix looking for a good dinner.
Well, we ended up with an even better dinner than we were looking for.
The atmosphere was great along with a superb wait staff.
The baby back ribs were fantastic along with the sides and peach cobbler.
This was a great choice and we will be coming back next time we are in town.

Decided to try the baby back ribs again...and, this time they were delicious!
Maybe the last time we were there, the cook put a little too much rub on them.
But, this time, they were like I always remembered.
Everything was delicious!
Also, we had the BBQ chicken, and it's so amazingly juicy and flavorful.
Definitely the best BBQ chicken I've ever had.
Just felt like doing a follow-up, since I'd had an issue with the ribs before.
Glad to know it was just a one-off.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, the name of this joint leaves something to be desired.
I don't eat a lot of BBQ because most of the places in San Diego aren't very good.
Man, did this place set the bar(bq) high for future BBQ spots.
I had the half slab of spicy bbq ribs with potato salad and mac and cheese.
The amount of food that they brought out could have fed three of me- I can't imagine how much food they give you with the full slab.
The ribs were incredibly tender and fell right off the bone.
The SAUCE was amazingly delicious.
I can't even describe it other than that it was so good that I wanted to order a pitcher of it and pour it over everything.
I am a total potato salad guy and this potato salad hit the spot.
Perfect blend of ingredients.
The Mac and Cheese was just otherworldy with the amount of delicious cheesey gooeyness that it was.
All in all I think I gained 30 pounds just from eating half of the meal.
Even if you don't order a dessert, they end your meal with some homemade mini doughnuts (yeah I spelled it out)!
It's a perfect treat even if you have to take them home to eat them.
Heat them back up before you do.
I will definitely go back here next time I visit Phoenix.

I am writing this review primarily because of our waitress, Alyssa.
So let me tell the story of our crazy mind blowing awesome service from Alyssa.
I gave this place a 3/5 star before because honestly I had better bbq and the service was normal.
And the sides here are really below par compared to other places.
But the service we got is forcing me to give this place a 5/5 star (is that okay to do on yelp?
)  Anyways, I was in  part of 16 people so tip was already included.
Most places I've been to in large groups I had mediocre service since the tip was already included and I never gave incentive for the waiter/waitress to provide great service.
I will just point out some highlights of our experiences.
1) our glasses were never empty...or even half empty!.
She was consistently filling our glasses like a ninja!
Every time I reached for my cup, it was full!!
2) She gave honest opinions about the food and told us if she did not try it yet etc.
But she told us the stuff she did try etc.
Which was nice from the usual, "Oh yeah, everything here is great I like A through Z.
"       3) She automatically came back with more cornbread (I know that's not a big deal, but it always makes you feel like a freeloader when you ask "can I get more bread?
" So it was nice to avoid that feeling.
4) She came back with the right enough of to go boxes for everyone without us asking.
On top of that she brought mini to go containers with extra bbq sauce in it.
5) She was pleasant in a non awkward way.
I had too many experiences where the waiter/waitress try too hard and it get's a little weird.
Anyways, thank you Alyssa for being an awesome waitress.
Someone in our group even wanted to write "you have a great future," on the receipt.
But we soon realized that might come out as a backhanded compliment to a waitress.
Regardless thanks for the great service.
Oh yeah, the mac n cheese is hype.
Same with the potato salad/cole slaw.
The mash potatoes were good though.

Pretty damn good BBQ.
The cornbread that comes before the meal is also delicious.
I like that it is closer to where I live, because I usually have to drive further to get to a decent restaurant.

Fast on refills, even provided a to-go cup when requested.
Ordered the 3 meat platter and received large portions.
Baby back ribs and brisket were tender.
Chicken was just a little dry in some areas.
Servers and cashiers coordinated very well for a party of ~20 people.
All food was delivered at approximately the same time.
Checks were split without problems.
Fresh, complimentary cinnamon doughnuts were super tasty.

Over the years this upscale barbeque restaurant has gone downhill.
Perhaps it was simply that they were too busy that Saturday evening, but food was sloppily served and overly salty.
Worse,, it lacked character; for example the wedge salad was lacking blue cheese and tomato, leaving a chunk of uninteresting iceberg.
Evidently, the management has come to the strange notion that throwing onion straws on things makes them worth eating.

I loved everything about this place.
It's not fine dining, but then it's BBQ.
Funky yet genuine decor with a touch of elegance here and there.
Very attentive staff.
We all had the Smokehouse burger since a burger was what were were after.
It was juicy and perfectly cooked with crunchy onions and bacon and cheese.
Pretty perfect when you want a heart stopper.
The waiter forgot to order our appetizer of onion block (or whatever they call it), which was a blessing since the burger was huge.
Still the manager showed up moments later to apologize for the oversight and offer us a free dessert.
I love those extra customer service touches.
If I lived in Phoenix, I'd go back here regularly.

This place is great!
Meat falls off the bone and the mac n cheese and mashed potatoes are so yummy!

I stopped in for lunch during the work week.
It is located not too far from my employer; however, I had never visited previously.
Having lived in Atlanta for 12 years I enjoy barbecue, but have not found too many places in Phoenix that it well.
My initial experience with Bobby Q was via catering at a work function.
It was very good, especially for catered food and I added it to my mental list of places to try, but continually forgot to actually go.
A few work friends were having a happy hour get-together and again I passed it up.
Finally I went for lunch and was suddenly said that I have missed prior opportunities to go.
I sat at a table in the bar area and the service was good.
I had the sweet tea, which is a requisite for any good barbecue meal.
The menu had several good looking items, but I went with the pulled chicken sandwich and a side of mac & cheese.
The sandwich was excellent and I would put it right at the top of the Phoenix barbecue list.
While the sandwich was great, the mac & cheese was phenomenal and I would rate it as the second best I have ever tried.
I envisioned myself as David Blaine shackled into a phone booth filled with this mac & cheese and I had to eat my way out to survive.
I win that battle my friend.
I win that battle 9 times out of 10.
And the doughnut things on the way out?
Yes, please!
I will most definitely be back.
I may go with the chicken again or try another tasty item from the menu, but whatever I get it will come with a side of mac & cheese.

We havent been in this place since it was bobby mqees!
I am real skeptical about bbq joints as i love bbq and am very picky...i was surprised !
the ribs where amazing.tender and flavorfull.Took my family there and we all had a great dinner.

Bobby Q's catered our wedding and the food was absolutely awesome.
I've also had their food at other catered events and it was equally awesome then, too.
I've impressed that a BBQ-based company is so accommodating of vegetarian diets and that their vegetarian food is actually really good!
We had a Mexican meal catered for our wedding.
Our guests raved about the meats and I really enjoyed the enchiladas and guacamole.
The servers were good, the food was excellent, they went the extra effort to match their buffet display to our wedding colors, and the cost was far more reasonable than most wedding meals.
If it hadn't been my wedding, I would have stuffed myself silly on the food it was so good.
I've also had the barbeque meal catering at a different event, and it was delicious!
The servers were so accommodating as soon as they heard I was vegetarian (offering to grill up some other fare for me).
The mac & cheese and biscuits were awesome.

My husband has been asking to eat at Bobby Q since we moved into our house in the north valley about 8 months ago.
We finally got around to it on his birthday last week.
On first entering, I felt like I was in a BBQ joint in Austin, TX.
The atmosphere was so Texan and down-home I might as well have been in Austin.
I ordered the special drink of the day, an adult Arnold Palmer.
One word:  AMAZING.
The lemonade they used really put it over the top.
So fresh and tart!
Everyone at our table was pleased with the abundance of meat and side items they received.
The icing on the cake was definitely the freshly fried mini cinnamon and sugar donuts they give you before you leave.
It's little touches like that that will beckon us to eat here again and again.

Baby back ribs & corn bread = Amazing 5/5.
Atmosphere = Splendiferous 4/5.
Hospitality = Friendly 4/5.

My boyfriend and I came here on the way home from a weekend getaway.
You can always smell the BBQ right off the highway and it literally draws you in.
I was surprised that the atmosphere was as fancy as it was (think dim lighting and cloth napkins).
Don't be scared it's not really a fancy place and the food is still very affordable.
The service was stellar.
Honestly, I had forgotten what good service was like after moving to Arizona, and then I came here and was shocked.
The waiter was friendly and the manager came out and talked to us for a long time and even brought us some mac and cheese on the house!
Good service always equals a returning customer with me and I was impressed that they took the time to make you feel welcomed and happy.
The mac and cheese was outstanding.
It was rich and creamy and the cheese had just enough flavor YUM!
The shoestring fries were also very tasty.
The meats here are very delicious.
They are slow cooked and tender as can be.
The barbeque itself was pretty good.
It is kind of a tangy sweet flavor that wasn't the best barbeque I've had, but still pretty tasty.
If you drive past this spot on the highway make sure you stop in and pick up some delicious food!

Very good BBQ.
Rough part of Phx and it is kind of tough to find the place, let alone the door once you park there.
The food was well worth it, however and the manager even gave us some free mac n cheese to try.
It was awesome.
We got free cornbread, the mac n cheese bowl, and doughnuts when we left.
Service and food was really good.
It's a 4.5/5.

This place is a joke, or Yelp is!!
I drove all the way down from Anthem to eat on a Saturday night cause the yelp has they're hours posted as open till 11pm on Saturdays got there at 10:10 an was fold the kitchen closes at 10:00 on Saturdays.
Even if its Yelps fault the management is still at fault for not updating or correcting hours.

After my bf's graduation, him, his friends, his parents and I decided to have lunch here.
This was my first time here but according to my bf this place is pretty good and he talked about it so many times that I thought I actually been here before.
Well I finally got to try it.
I ordered the Platter since I really wanted to try more than just one type of meat if this is the only time I get to try it - so with the platter you get to select three types of meat plus one side.
I ordered the beef brisket, bbq chicken (I requested the leg and thigh since I'm not a big fan of the breast) and sausage with the pecan cole slaw as the side.
It also comes with corn bread.
They served us all the corn bread in a basket first and it was the softest corn bread I've ever had but it had a soft buttery taste - kind of just melted in your mouth - I really liked it.
When my platter came I was somewhat disappointed because they gave me ribs instead of the sausage - but it was alright because I ended up really liking the ribs.
It wasn't a lot of meat but the flavor was good.
What I really really liked was the beef brisket.
It was the softest beef brisket I have ever had.
It was amazing because it was so easy to chew and the flavor was also very good.
The BBQ chicken was okay - I liked it just because I could request for dark meat pieces but it didn't really have that strong of a BBQ taste.
The coleslaw on the other hand was my least favorite.
It wasn't very tasty and it lacked dressing too.
The services was pretty good - our waitress was friendly.
The place itself was surprising dim - for a BBQ place and one thing I notice was usually when you step into a BBQ restaurant you would get hit in the face with a smokey bbq-y kind of smell however not here.
When I stepped into the dining area - I didn't really smell any of that meaty bbq aroma - and not only that but my clothes didn't even absorb the smell of the restaurant.
This isn't a good or bad thing - just an observation.
Overall I really enjoyed my lunch - for 13.99 the platter was fairly priced since everything on the menu (from sandwiches to salads to platters) was ranged around 10-14 dollars a plate.

Let me just say that I have been a Yelp lurker for a long time and it was of Bobby Q's food that made me want to finally create an account and leave a review.
I went in last Friday for lunch and the place looked great inside.
Very classy interior and our server Jo was incredibly nice and provided us with great service (always refilling our drinks and asking if we needed anything).
I ordered the 12oz sirloin steak which was delicious, as were the mashed potatoes that I got on the side.
My friend ordered a full rack of ribs (half St Louis, half baby back) and I tried some of it....and I have to say it was incredible.
The meat was nice and soft and just melted in your mouth.
I really can't think of any negatives about this place, especially when they brought 4 complimentary mini donuts to us on our way out.
I will definitely be going here again and is well worth the money that you will spend there.

Thought I'd try it again after going there about a year ago and not digging it at all.
The sides are better than the bbq...tried the baby backs and found them to not be seasoned with spices at all.Lot's of smoke flavor if that's all you're looking for.
Thank goodness for bbq sauce which was pretty good.

Truly a great time a little pricey compared to what's around but service and food were both great!

One of the best BBQ experiences I've had in a long time.
Thanks for,the amazing food and terrific service.
Came from out of state and was here only a few hours, but I will go out of my way to eat here again.
Loved it.

Was in Phoenix visting from California, so we decided to check out Bobby Q restaurant since it was near our hotel (marriott).
I was impressed by surprise.
I wasn't a big fan of the cornbread and my margarita but overall the food was good.
Their Amble ale beer was good as well.
Will return on my next visit

I can't tell you how many times my husband and I have been here.
We moved here a little over a year ago and a colleague took him to try it.
He came home raving about it until I agreed to try it.
It's a fun atmosphere and we went for our first and second anniversaries.
Last month we took our newborn son for his first visit :) We love that the manager always walks up to your table to make sure your visit is going well.
They also have response cards (usually on the table, but not always) that you can fill out with when you were there and how your server was.
That definitely shows that they really care about the service they are providing.
Though it's almost always very busy, they have great service and the food comes out quickly and hot.
Speaking of the food.. My husband is obsessed with their ribs and spicy BBQ sauce (he always asks for his own BBQ sauce bottle to have at the table) He also loves their burgers and swears that the Mac n cheese is the best in the world.
When I go I get the steak sandwich.
It's juicy steak cooked to perfection on garlic bread with sauted mushrooms, au jus sauce, and fried onion strings on the side, incredible.
But in saying that..
I always try to go on Saturdays because they have a steak and crab special for $18.
Their crab is to die for!
They place a candle on your table with a butter tray above it that's perfectly melted and warm.
I also love their shoestring fries.
They give you complimentary cornbread during your meal and a bag of little donut holes afterward.
I love this place.
We went here three weekends in a row one time (We had different things to celebrate each time and didn't want to go anywhere else!
) I love their specialty drinks too.
Like most specialty drinks, they aren't cheap..
But yummy.
The shipwreck is my fav.
If you like good food and good service, GO HERE!

Great place, good food and affordable prices.You can smell the  delicious food from the freeway.
There is no better bar in the  neighborhood.

We tried this place a couple of weeks ago and were very impressed.
It's probably the best BBQ we've had in Arizona for sure and maybe one of our favorites of all time.
The sauce is excellent, the meat is tender and full of smoky bbq flavor.
We had the Sunday special which came with lots of different types of meats like pulled pork, ribs, brisket and chicken.
It was excellent.
The side of corn was tasty too as were all the sides.
This will be one of our new frequent places to eat!

Good BBQ west of Texas is simply hard to find.
This is Tennessee style BBQ, slow cooked over Hickory.
Definitely a carnivore spot!
The Q Rolls are excellent with the Chipotle dressing.
Also, I really like the avocado salad with brisket.
They'll bring you a side of Salsa and the Chipotle dressing which when mixed provide a creative dressing v the house ranch.
Service is great and the ambiance is very nice.

Good BBQ, Service was great and atmosphere was wonderful!
I wasn't impressed with the cole slaw that a lot of reviews raved about...
But the little donuts they give you when you leave were yummy!
Kind of has a weird entrance, but over all we enjoyed our date night here.

FANTASTIC!
Not just the food either.
Service was impeccable.
The bartender, Jo, took care of us at a booth in the bar during happy hour and was superb.
Not only was she incredibly friendly her knowledge of their menu was impressive!
While we sat inside due to the heat they do have a fantastic patio that I'm sure fills up quick during the patio friendly time of year.
Inside there is a bar area which includes a few booths as well as a large open area restaurant.
We shared their brisket quesadilla off of the HH menu.
It was very large and quite tasty.
Brisket was very tender.
They make their own guacamole which is served along side the quesadillla along with salsa and a bbq sour cream.
I had the (award winning) Smokehouse burger and was not disappointed.
It was very juicy and had great flavor to it.
I'm not usually a fan of barbecue sauce on my burgers but this burger is definitely the exception!
I chose the mac and cheese of my side and let me tell you, the best I've ever had!
Don't tell my grandma I said that!
I'm talkin stick to your ribs good.
I'm drooling right now just thinking about it.
They also give you fresh baked donuts in your way out as a thank you.
Warm and delicious, I will definitely be back.

Great atmosphere,  impeccable customer service,  fantastic food,  what more can you ask for?
Even the manager on the floor stopped by each table to see how things are going.
10% off entire bill for first time yelp customers too.
This place is a winner and I'll be back

Went to Bobbie Q for the first time and plan on returning.
Our server was Jo and she did an excellent job of informing us about the history of the place and answering questions about the menu.
The food was served quickly and it was the correct temperature.
We enjoyed the cornbread as it had a hint of sweetness.
We had brisket and smoked chicken.
The sauce was very good.
Baby back ribs coming out of the kitchen looked meaty and delicious.
There is a smell of smokey meat before you enter the building that builds up your appetite.
Once inside, the decor is a pleasant surprise!
The manager did come to our table to ask about our experience and the complimentary mini donuts at the end of the meal were another pleasant surprise!
We'll be back!
This place ticks all the boxes.

Denise and I met our daughter and her boyfriend for dinner yesterday on my birthday.
Always wanted to try this place.
We started off with the Q-rolls, guess this is suppose to be trendy!
Many restaurants are doing the same thing.
hybrid of a egg roll and sandwich!
This one was BBQ brisket deep fried like an egg roll!
It was OK, not that bad.
I ended up ordering their combo platter, sample of their ribs, sausage, and brisket ts.
Sausage was great and spicy, and their ribs were very good.
Wife had the fried chicken (boneless) I am not a fan of boneless chicken.
No flavor!
Get me a fried chick with bone, it will taste a lot better then bone out!
So!
Their chicken really had no flavor, wife was not impressed.
Daughter had a burger that was huge, and it looked great!
Wanted to try it, but I had enough on my plate already.
Wife had a bite and said it was really good.
We ended up have their peach cobbler, I tried a little.
Not a big fan of peach, plus daughter already baked me a cake for my birthday.
Wife again was not impressed by, said it was to doughy!
Biggest Con!
Price!
I have had better BBQ that cost a lot less.
Spending $100.00 for four I expected it to be a little better.
Loved the place, would like to come back on a weekend evening to see how the atmosphere is!

OMG, best bbq in Phoenix, even better than Charleston's!
Service was outstanding - Shea, our waitress, top notch, THE best!
It's an little off the beaten path, but SO worth it!
The fried cornbread is the best I've ever had, and I'm from the south.
The pulled pork wasn't fatty, it was SO moist - had it replacing chicken on my salad and inhaled it 10x over ;-) My husband got the pulled pork sand - was awesome.
And, let me say, I haven't had sweeeet tea like this since Texas - to die for!
Would go here again in a heartbeat.
For best bbq, it's hands-down the best in the valley.

Delish.
Try the mac and cheese!

Outstanding!
We tried this place basically on a whim.
I had just been browsing BBQ places on Yelp and saw that this one had a good rating and mostly good reviews.
I am so glad we decided to give it a try!
It was at an odd time, between lunch and dinner, so it was pretty empty when we were there.
Let's see if I can break this down simply...
Appearance -Easily missed from the road, but good amount of parking - Not that much to look at from the outside, but the inside was *very* surprising to me.
It was well done inside, and much nicer than expected.
Pretty nice restroom as well (and includes a changing table)  Service - Friendly greeting at the door  - Attentive server who answered any questions we had - All-around pleasant experience  Food Now this is where I have to try not to gush too much.
I'll review what we ate... - Cornbread: a hockey-puck shape rather than a muffin or a loaf, very tasty, served with butter.
Even my husband who doesn't much care for cornbread enjoyed it.
- Q-Rolls:  I practically inhaled 3 of these before remembering I had more food coming.
I loved both the sauces that came with it (chipotle and bbq) - Smoked pulled pork platter:  HUGE portion!
I wasn't prepared for the size!
I chose fries and mac&cheese as my sides.
The fries were well seasoned and skinny, came with ketchup.
I wouldn't normally order mac&cheese, but I'd read good reviews about it... it did not disappoint!
The pulled pork itself, paired with the bbq sauce, was up there with some of the best I've had.
Moist, flavorful, not full of fat globs (always a complaint of mine), and with the sauce, it was fantastic.
I had to pack up more than half to bring home because there was so much.
- Pulled pork sandwich:  My husband's dish, with a side of mashed potatoes.
He enjoyed his pork as well, and said his mashed potatoes were good, but was unable to finish them because of all we'd eaten already.
- Lemonade:  My husband's drink.
He said that (happily) it was "real" lemonade, not the minute-maid kind.
Good!
- Sweet tea:  I usually love sweet tea, and this is no exception.
- I'm not sure what was put in our take-away bag with our leftovers as I can't identify it on the menu, but we were given a small baggie with some...I guess little cinnamon doughnuts?
Which...were also wonderful.
Other - Very reasonably priced for the quality and quantity of food you're given  Overall Fantastic!
The minute we got home, I called my parents to tell them they had to try this place the next time they were in town, and I let my friends know it's worth a try as well!
There is seriously not a negative thing I can think to say about this place.

Stopped by here while at Spring Training, food was delicious, will definitely be back for their BBQ!
Service wasgreat too, very friendly :)

Great place.
Top rating.
Cool restaurant, great vibes, friendly people, outstanding food and nice bar area.
This is a can't miss.
Cornbread and awesome BBQ, brisket/ribs and mac n cheese that will blow you away.
Oh yeah, the "thank you donuts" - incredible.
Might as well order a dozen of those babys take my word for it!
I found my sizzle here.
Ask for Tiffany, she is awesome!!
See ya there.
UPDATE: I ordered the hamburger there and FORGET ABOUT IT - THIS IS THE BEST BURGER IN THE STATE OF ARIZONA.
The staff here, in my opinion (aside from Hillstone which is equally as good) is the best you can find anywhere.
Other restaurants should figure out how they hire people and pay them to figure it out.
I have been to hundreds and hundreds of restaurants across the United States, you won't find better.

We've gone to Bobby Q's several times over the past few years but this was the first time I was really compelled to write a review.
I went in for lunch today (on a Sunday) and much to my surprise they had a Sunday Feast special for $28.
It was 4 meats and 2 sides.
Phenomenal.
We had so much food left over we had to bring some home.
The service was really good.
Our server was training someone as well and my experience at other restaurants is that usually slows things down.
Not today.
Our Iced Tea's were always full.
The only complaint I had was that I was trying to watch a football game on the TV and one of the servers turned the TV away from the dining room and towards the host station so they could see it.
They should be aware it's not about them - it's about their customer.
It wasn't a big deal so I wasn't going to say anything but thought I'd throw that in here in case the owner is reading.
I still give it five stars today.
We will be back soon!

My husband and I ate here for dinner 8/10/13.
This was not our first time eating here and it will not be our last time either.
We love the smokehouse burger, best burger ever.
And the potato salad is amazing.
With the suggestion of the awesome server (Sierra) that we had, I ventured to the mac n cheese as my side.
WOW!
That mac n cheese is so freaking creamy and cheesy, but it is not over kill either.
I still nibbled on my husbands potato salad, but I am such a fan of it that I could not resist.
They also have cornbread here before the meals, now I do not like cornbread so it did take me a couple visits of my husband telling me to try it before I actually did, and now I am mad that it took me so long and look forward to it every time!!
The smokehouse burger is simply amazing!
SO flavorful and juicy and deliciousness on a plate with bacon and cheese and BBQ sauce!
LOTS of goodness all in one.
We have never had a bad experience here, everyone is always in such a good mood and so willing to be a team and help each other so when I say that Sierra was simply wonderful, I am also complementing the entire staff :)  Now for dessert....they bring out fresh house made (which everything here is house made) hot donuts!
Save room because if you take them to go you are doing it wrong!
YUM!
I cannot wait to go back and eat there again.

Food is always great!
I love their pecan cole slaw & the corned beef brisket.
The cornbread tastes like I make at home (Krusteaz from costco).
Kinda pain to find if your heading there for the first time.
Head up the 17 til Dunlap & then head back down the road next to the freeway to get to it.
It's worth it.
Prepare to bring home leftovers.
We do every time.
About $40 for two to eat (drinking water).
Desserts are huge, can order half desserts.
Free dessert on your birthday, still embarrassing to be sung to....

Great BBQ!
Thanks for the recommendation, yelpers!
Austin (our server) gave us great suggestions.
We had the baby back ribs, brisket, and Mac and cheese.
All awesome!
Would definitely be back if I ever came through these parts again.

Great service.. Great atmosphere.. Amazing BBQ..
Probably one of the best!
It's kind of a hidden treasure.. Don't let the street view fool you, as soon as you walk in, you'll find everything to be clean and the food fresh!
GREAT place!

BBQ Brisket is amazing

I was in Phoenix for a NASCAR race earlier this year and went to this place.
Wow, I don't know where to start!!!
Our waitress Stacy or maybe staci was awesome!!!
All of the food was amazing but you must try the q rolls!!!

Best pit BBQ

I came here tonight with my family for dinner.
My wife and I have been here several times.
We love the food and the atmosphere.
The service has always been great too.
I wish things could have gone differently tonight, but the way everything was handled was truly professional.
We ordered our food and the bus person was clearing out our table.
Well, he accidentally dropped the plates and sauce basically exploded everywhere under the table.
My legs were drenched in sauce and my sister's new pair of shoes were stained.
My sister had to run to the bathroom to see if they were ruined.
The bus person was very apologetic and so was our server about the incident.
The restaurant manager came up to us after my sister returned and she was also very apologetic.
She offered to replace the shoes, she comped my sister's dinner and even threw in free desert.
She even got my sister's food replaced because she was waiting in the restroom trying to clean up while her food was getting cold.
Food was great, the manager really knew how to take care of the customers.
I know we'll absolutely be back!
Try the Q-rolls!

Honestly, with the state of BBQ in this city I almost gave this a 4-star review.
Nice smoke flavor, but had a steam-table quality to the meats (like they had been sitting in a warmer for a while).
No bark with the pork and no smoke ring on the brisket, which made me wonder if the meat was really smoked for 18 hours as advertised.
However, the sausage had nice snap, good spice, and smoke, so at least that was legit...unfortunately, a real BBQ joint needs better brisket/pork (did not try the ribs) to get a high rating.
This place was a good value, nice service, and satisfying food.
I'll try the ribs next time, but my search for real barbecue in the valley continues.

The restaurant had a comfortable but classy kind of country charm.
There was a nice size bar area and people seemed to be having a good time watching the game on the two large flatscreen televisions.
The regular dining area was a large room with several smaller areas off of the large area.
There was a mixture of square, rectangular and round wooden tables and chairs.
While we were there I saw the staff moving some tables together to create dining for a large group of people.
The lighting was low, more like a bar setting, but adequate.
We had reservations, via Open Table & the Yelp app, and were seated immediately.
Our server was friendly and attentive.
We ordered two Strawberry Q'ladas, a strawberry flavored Pina Colada, off the speciality drink menu.
We got our drinks then he took our order and food was at our table about 15 minutes later.
The drinks were very good, but we both wished they packed more booze.
The cornbread was brought to our table after our drinks but before our meal.
Both grandkids had to have some right away.
Both gobbled down their pieces and probably would have asked for more if they could have gotten away with it.
The Baby Back Ribs were outstanding; falling off the bone the way they are supposed to be but hard to get just anywhere these days.
I also had the Pecan Cole Slaw and fortunately for me, the pecans were sprinkled on top so I could scoop them off and eat the rest of the really good slaw.
The Ranch Beans were pretty unusual.
I have not tasted anything quite like them.
My wife said they had cinnamon in them but there were a bit too spicy for me so I shoved them off on my grandson, the "fire eating kid.
"  But I enjoyed what I had already eaten.
The cornbread was good but I really liked the super thin french fries I kept stealing off my granddaughter's kid burger meal plate.
My wife had the 8 oz Sirloin Steak and Baked Potato.
She asked that the steak be medium well and it was.
It appeared to be larger than 8 oz.
The potato wasn't as good as the steak; it could have been a little hotter.
It also came with a few thin onion straws that were a nice little surprise.
Before we left, we were surprised with some warm little donuts to take with us.
They were rolled in cinnamon and sugar and were just the right end to a delicious meal.
I asked the server if there was any chance the owners would open a location in Tucson because we would definitely be regulars.
But sadly, according to our server, both the owner and his kids are retirement age and the likelihood of a Tucson location appears to be extremely slim.

The Best BBQ Ribs restaurant I ever been to, hands down.
Love this place!!!
If I had a lot of money and time I would drive all the way from Glendale, CA to Glendale, AZ every month just to come to this place.
Think about opening up a new restaurant here in LA.
You would be welcome!!
Love you guys.
Great service, lovely dcor, fantastic and mouth watering food.
Fall off the bone tender meat.
The side dishes were outstanding and well prepared with excellent recipes.
They were so tantalizing, fresh and plentiful.
Don't forget to grab a strawberry lemonade (Hold the sugar on the rim, though---Sugar Overload!!!!

I must say this BBQ restaurant is great.
I just moved here from Cali and I was feeling sad because that means no homemade Que for the holiday.
I looked this place up and I'm glad I visited.
Great customer service and the food was all yummy!!

Our group had a wonderful lunch experience.
Melissa was a great server, meeting our needs before we asked.
The food came out quickly.
The food was hot and flavorful.
Definitely will return.

Brisket is ok, sauce is decent and atmosphere is a little hood come 8pm.
I dined here over the weekend Bc I was to lazy to fire up my grill (way to humid out) so I went here w/ my bro Rob and was hoping for some goodness.
I don't think I'd eat here again since its not my idea flavor/taste of BBQ.
Don't let my review steer you away from trying it though, everyone has their own preference when it comes to BBQ so I'd try it and go from there.
Official rating, Food: *** Customer service: **** (manager very sweet , waitress was su-lOh!
)  Drinks: *** (Sangria was ok, beer a little warm)

Ridiculously good!
The food was amazing, the service was great and it has a really fun atmosphere!
The donuts they give u at the end of your meal are fantastic (and free!).
I'd recommend this place to everyone!

Great food, my wife loved the beef ribs and I enjoyed the Smoasted Chicken.
The cornbread was great, only negative was the shoestring fries.
I will go for the baked or mashed potatoes next time.

First time here at Bobby Q and it was pretty decent.
Like the other reviews that loved the mac and cheese, so did my daughter.
The meat portions could have been a bit larger, but the brisket and sausage tasted fine.
Our waitress was great and very helpful as it was our first trip.
First of many, to be sure.

Not the best BBQ I have ever had, but it is pretty darn good.
Because it is not really obvious from the street, we overshot Bobby Q and had to do a turnaround in quite a sketchy strip mall a couple of blocks up.
Half expecting a total dive we were pleasantly surprised to find the restaurant itself nicely appointed.
Before we even ordered our food a tasty basket of cornbread was brought to the table.
We ordered a sampler plate containing 3 different meats - pulled pork, brisket and St. Louis ribs as well as a BBQ chicken sandwich.
We couldn't decide on which sides to select but when our server brought us a sample of the mac & cheese to try our minds got made up in a hurry.
On the sampler plate the St. Louis ribs were terrific, the pulled pork was not too bad but the brisket was kind of dry.
Fortunately the server had brought large containers of 2 types of BBQ sauce to our table so we were able to moisten the brisket with the sauce.
The chicken on the sandwich was moist but I found the sauce a little too mild and sweet.
The service we received was friendly and attentive and the little doughnuts in the to-go bag was a nice touch.
Overall, worth a repeat visit if we are in the area.
3.5 stars.

This place has some of the best barbecue food I have ever eaten.
The meats were delicious, cornbread and corn were phenomenal.
The manager came by to make sure we were having a good experience.
The wait staff was very attentive and friendly.
Special kudos goes to Patrick and Kody who were not only excellent at their job, but very easy on the eyes.
I will definitely be going here again and make sure to ask for Patrick, you will not be disappointed.

Ok.
Listen up my fellow yelpers.
This is hands down, with out exception the BEST restaurant experience I have ever had in my life.
On our way to Sedona we yelped and found this place.
My fellow yelpers, thank you for this place.
We walked in and the place was packed during lunch and waited less than 5 minutes to get seated.
Our waitress was super friendly, just a sweet lady.
Food was literally on our table within 10 minutes of walking in here, say what?!?!
just awesome.
Food is just awesome.
We devoured the food and fighting over the bbq sauce.
So tasty.
Not sure if either the manager or owner stopped at our table to see how everything was.
Wow, how nice is that?
I have never seen anything like this.
This is the cleanest,  best run restaurant, with great service and super good food.
Will so be making stops here in the years to come.

So we've run the gamut of dining opportunities here at Bobby Q's - Lunch, Dinner, Take away.
And each and every time, H-E-A-V-E-N on a plate.
Service is prompt but not rushing.
Nice without being pretentious.
Casual and welcoming atmosphere.
And the food - simply yummy.
If you have the kidlins with you, they have plenty of kid friendly foods.
It's a great place and we've never been disappointed!

I love Bobby Q!
Always a must for dinner when we come into town!
Service is great, food is great!

Food and service, xlnt.
Eat here.

Updating to add I've now brought more family to this restaurant.
I've spent quite a while talking this place up, and thankfully it did not disappoint!
My aunt thoroughly enjoyed her baked potato with pork, my mother enjoyed her brisket sandwich, husband enjoyed his steak, uncle liked his pulled pork, and I was not disappointed by my beef brisket platter.
Portions are great and the taste is amazing.
We had q rolls and queso dip to start.
I already knew I loved the q rolls, and while I liked the dip, it wasn't stellar (to me).
My husband liked it though.
My toddler got chicken tenders with fries and seemed to enjoy it, though she liked the bread from the queso dip more.
I loved the Mac and cheese again, though my mother said it's not as good as her sister-in-law's...which I haven't tried, so I still love this one.
I also tried the ranch beans.
While they were pretty good, they're not my favorite.
Some seemed undercooked.
My husband thought the same.
Nobody had room for sweets, so that's my goal next time!

Great food, great service and a great price.
We will be going back again.

Good food, good staff, and those little doughnut holes...YUM!

Buffalo wings were great and the beef ribs and corn bread were super yummy.
My steak was decent, it didn't taste like it was aged over 60 days.
Food was served very quick and like other reviewers mentioned, location is not that obvious.

Absolutely delicious St Louis style ribs, corn bread patties, home style corn, shoestring fries, and prime rib that my husband and I shared.
The BBQ is definitely one of the best we've had in Arizona and it's definitely worth taking a drive out to.
The only reason that I didn't give this restaurant a 5 star rating was because our waitress was terrible she might've been having a bad day because she was really sweet but she completely forgot my drink and my husband's shrimp and fries with his meal after being reminded.
When they finally brought it out the shrimp tasted off like plastic almost.
Everyone has off days but that's just unacceptable.
Other than the waitresses slip ups we absolutely loved our experience and would definitely come back!
Great atmosphere

After a 6 hour drive I was ready for some BBQ and yelp directed me to this spot a few miles from my hotel.
I am somewhat critical when it comes to BBQ, having spent 8 years working for a Knoxville based company and then 2 years working for a Dallas based company, it is hard to beat those areas for pulled pork, baby back ribs and brisket respectively.
I was pleased by most of what I ordered here at Bobby Q.
The pulled pork was tasty, the sauce was agreeably flavorful, the baby backs were flavorful, although perhaps a little too tender, I did not have to pick them up to eat them, the meat fell off the bone.
They were probably boiled to get this preparation, but they were yummy either way.
The potato salad was exactly the kind I like in my BBQ joints.
The mac and cheese side was just ok, not bad, but not the best thing on the plate.
Overall it was a good meal for  BBQ west of the Mississippi and I would go again if in the area.
Service was attentive, and the place itself was quite a nice spot to eat.
Recommended.

I am very impressed with this spot the ribs were outstanding the coleslaw was perfect and the Mac and Cheese was incredible.
I cannot wait to go back and try more food there.
Austin our server was great he checked on us all throughout the evening.
If you have a chance to try this place don't cheat yourself treat yourself to some good eatin'!!!!

It took me awhile to get around to trying this restaurant, and after eating their food I was kicking myself for not trying it sooner.
I had a number of coworkers that told me it was great, but it was hard for me to believe there was good barbeque in Phoenix, AZ.
(I lived in the South for a while, so I have had "real" barbeque.
)  Their food is absolutely delicious, and having gone back a few times I have tried a number of different items!
Make sure to try their mac and cheese!

A gem in the Phoenix area for good smoked BBQ.
My favorite is the Sunday's Whole Hog combo to share with three.
The smoked prime rib here is also a treat.
I love the corn bread while you wait!

Nobody leaves disappointed.. unless they're trying to count calories.
Service staff is yummy, and that counts for something in my book too!

Bobby Qs has worked its way into the rotation and not just for the warm, delicious mini-donuts they give you at the end of your meal.
I love the corn.
The mac and cheese is rich and creamy and super cheesey!
The brisket is tender and generally lean.
The ribs fall.
right.
off.
the.
bone!
Like, seriously!
I don't generally eat ribs because I'm not into gnawing meat off the bone, but I can eat these ribs with my fork!
I like the kick to the spicy BBQ sauce.
The portions are generous and on Sundays you can get enough food for 3-4 people easy for under $30!
(see my pic: http://bit.ly/HbzA9R)

the mai tai is the BEST!!!
the mach and cheese omg is to die for so thick and creamy super cheesey.
everything on the menu is just pure bliss.

We've been here twice and the food is amazing!
My son is a picky eater and he loved the chicken tenders and French fries.
First time I just had the Caesar salad and my husband got their famous burger.
He talked me into having a bite of his and it was the best burger I've ever had.
The second visit, we got the family dinner.
We got baby back ribs, beef ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket, Mac n Cheese, potato salad, and fries.
They bring you corn bread when you sit down.
All of it was delicious.
I was really surprised.
They give you some donuts when you leave.
The service was good and the food is great.
You won't be disappointed here.
We will go back often :)

Off the beaten path and the looks are deceiving.
Food and service was awesome.
Ribs were awesome along with service from Ashleigh.

Best BBQ in Phoenix.
Jessica our waitress was friendly and very helpful.
A clutch go to dinner where service and food is amazing.

This is our second time here.
This place was just as good as the last time we were here.
It started with our waiter Rishad.
He was nice and very quick.
He made sure we left the restaurant satisfied.
Even his manager came by to see if we were enjoying the experience.
The meal started with their Q-Rolls.
Seasoned beef brisket with a BBQ dipping sauce and a chipotle dip.
They are always great.
Aggie ordered Smoasted chicken (smoked.
& roasted) with BBQ.
Her sides were Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes.
She enjoyed it very much.
I ordered Beef brisket with Ranch Beans and mashed potatoes.
It was very, very good.
I enjoyed every bit.
Mikaela ordered the Kid's Cheeseburger with fries.
I took a bit of her cheeseburger, and the beef tasted better than anything from other burger places.
I couldn't believe it.
To drink, Mikaela ordered their sweet tea (best I have tasted from any restaurant), and Aggie and I ordered Frosted Lemonades.
They were tart and sweet, and sugar coated the glass.
That was a nice touch.
We will definitely come back here.
It is just epic!

Rishad, our server, was very attentive and helpful.
The food was very tasty and "deeeeee-licious", according to my wife.
I would come here again any night.

I went to booby q and Austin was the best server ever no joke

My family is new to the Phoenix area and I asked around to see where I should find good BBQ and Bobby Q is where I was lead.
The brisket was very tender and moist and the Mac n cheese is heavenly :) You definitely get what you pay for and our waitress Nicole was a sweetheart and took very good care of us, as did the rest of the staff who checked on us periodically asking how everything was.
Very friendly setting and very delicious food!!!
P.s.
you get a little dessert surprise on the way out :) that was my favorite part

Once again I don't understand these high reviews they must have not ate at the same restaurant that I ate at.
Everything I ate was extremely greasy/ fattening and artificial tasting.
The free corn bread they bring out was so buttery and greasy I couldn't eat it.
Next my girlfriend and I shared two entrees, the pork ribs with mac n cheese and fries, and the pulled pork with corn and cole slaw.
The ribs were so fatty and the quality of meat was not up to par.
The pulled pork had a nice flavor but made me feel very ill once I was done.
The corn was a joke, it was super water logged and they left the unwanted part of the corn on top as a garnish.

I don't have to write a long review to say that this is the best BBQ I've ever had!!!
Even going out of state and trying other BBQ places...Bobby Qs is still #1.

Bobby Q's is probably one of the best places we ate when we were in the Phoenix area.
The only real downside was the location; it's a bit difficult to get to, but well worth the drive and the few minutes we were lost in traffic.
Our waiter started by asking if we'd ever been there before, and offered some suggestions to get us started.
He brought back cornbread for us (and didn't charge us), and we ordered the Q-rolls (which I highly recommend).
We drank the Pilsner option, which was delicious.
From reading prior reviews, the three of us decided to go with the brisket meals/sandwiches, which were delicious.
We also ordered the pecan coldslaw, which our waiter informed us (when he brought the meals) that it would be out in a few minutes.
Earlier, I had noticed a woman going table to table, speaking with many customers; she ended up checking in with us and introduced herself as the manager.
The coldslaw came out maybe a minute after our meals were served, so it really wasn't a big deal.
The meal was very delicious, and we were incredibly full from the large portions.
For the lateness of the coldslaw, we were offered a free desert.
We ordered a piece of mud pie and it was gigantic; it took all 3 of us to put this piece away.
And then, while we were waiting for our check, the manager came over with powdered donuts for us to take home, again apologizing for the coldslaw.
This place was amazing, the food was amazing, and the service was even better.
I  highly recommend this place to everyone.

Catering or pick up to go is a much better deal if you have a lot of people (15+).
Same amazing BBQ.

The BBQ is pretty darn good.
I had the 3 meat combo and the 2 standouts were the St. Louis Ribs and brisket.
Mac and cheese is a must for your side dish.
Also, a big shout out to Chelsea for providing exceptional, enthusiastic service and for recommending the Q Rolls as an appetizer.
They were life changing.

Not just great food.
But great service.
We were seated quickly, never wanted more than a minute for anything... And our water glasses were always full.
Also, great brisket and ribs.... Sausage was so/so in my opinion.
Mac and cheese was great.
And the doughnuts at the end are just the perfect touch.
Will return.

Food was amazing.
Our sever Chelsea was one of the best waitresses we ever had.
Always asked if we needed anything, kept drinks topped off, funny, and very polite.
Atmosphere, service, great food.....hard to find that trifecta in any restaurant.
Definitely will be back!

Omg this was awesome!
The only thing missing is tri tip.
If they started smoking that, mmm... Mmm.
They would have it made!
Chelsea was our waitress.
She was amazing.
So funny and on top of her game!
I would absolutely come here again and ask for her again!

I loved the environment and everyone who worked there was super nice.
The q rolls were recommended by our server Chelsea and they were "life changing".
Me and my friends ordered the whole hog and it was more than enough food.
I would recommend this restaurant for anyone who is looking for a new place to have dinner.

THE BEST BBQ EVER!
flew in w/my husband just for a few days to go see the UNASHAMED tour at GCU & we stayed at the residence inn & saw this place right next door!!
You definitely need a reservation, but if you're ever visiting Phoenix this is a must if you love BBQ !
& they had these cute little "to-go nuts" they give you when you leave that basically are churro-like donuts !!
SOO bomb !

I read good things about this BBQ restaurant from Yelp and decide to give it a try while I was in the area.
The food was excellent, customer service was awesome as well, I would highly recommend this place, if you are in town.
Our waitress was Chelsea and she was excellent to check in on us every 10 minutes and we were also checked on by the manager lady and she was also very nice and wanted to make sure everything was okay.
Between myself, wife and a daughter, we have decided to try their "Hog Heaven"  and their Q roll.
We chose, baby back, St. Louis rib, brisket, chicken then mac & cheese, pecan coleslow and potato salad.
They were all excellent, especially the free corn bread.
Chelsea the waitress had enough sense to bring us the free miniature donuts along with our bills, when we didn't even ask for them.
All in all, this was one of my best experience at a BBQ joint.
The bill came out to around $80 for food and couple of beers on tap,  which is very reasonable.
This is a must go place, if you are into BBQ!

Good ambiance.
Waiter was really nice and knowledgeable of menu..   Food was delicious and the BBQ ribs fell off the bone

Everything was great from the Mac and cheese, corn bread, mini donuts, the meal itself and especially the service!

This was my second time here.
Last time I had the three meat combo, mac & cheese,  and beans.
Oh!
My!
Thought it couldn't get any better.
This time I went for the smoked prime rib.
It was soooo good!
The smokey flavor is deeelicious!!!
The mac & cheese was almost as good as what I make at home!
Super tasty cornbread!
And the mini donuts make a perfect summation of an awesome meal.
The service Nathan provided was outstanding!
If you are ever even remotely nearby, this place offers a wonderful dining experience that you will enjoy.

Really enjoyed the steak , and Nathan was an excellent server.
Second visit in two weeks.
Look forward to returning when business brings me back this way.
Only complaint (?
) is that portions are too large for someone with no self control.

I have had great barbeque and I put this place up with Jack Stacks(KC) and Memphis bbq co.
This place is right up there.
There baby backs are the standard to which I rate everything else.
There is no reason to go anyplace else.

Holy Moly...
This place is amazing!
I used to live in Missouri, and this BBQ is right on par with the midwest.
From beginning to end, this meal was fantastic.
We had the platter with different meat choices and everything was so good.
The baby back ribs were falling off the bone, and they had so much flavor!
Every side was amazing as well.
They end it off with some delicious little donuts that are complimentary.
This place is my go to know for BBQ.

Finding a good BBQ place in the Phoenix area is difficult but this may be the exception.
Very much enjoyed our meal, service was great during a busy lunch time.
The only problem I have with Bobby Q is the location.
We live and work in the east valley and seldom come this far north west so we don't come here often.
Someday maybe they'll put a location in the east and if so, I know this would be one of our regular places to eat.

Looking for one of the best BBQ placed in town this is one of them.
Everything I have had hasn't disappointed me yet.
Still the mac and cheese has to be the favorite.

This place is absolutely great if you have never had BBQ outside of Arizona.
To some it may sound like I am knocking Bobby Q's, but it is a compliment considering the lackluster BBQ scene in Arizona.
This summer I had the opportunity to travel the south east and I have had REAL bonafide BBQ and nothing compares to what they do on the southeastern coast of the United States.
I have the pleasure of spending a week with a relative who is on one of the Memphis BBQ teams and have had his smoked pulled pork and it just cannot compare.
As for Bobby Q's, their pulled pork is good, it could be more moist and flavorful with a better rub and a longer smoke, but it is good.
Everyone seems to gravitate to the Mac and Cheese as a side dish, but I have found it to be a bit too rich.
The chicken is good and I have tasted the brisket and it was tasty as well.
BTW, there is no such thing as St Louis Style Ribs....
I went to St Louis searching for the origin of the ribs and a decent place to get them and have found none.
I think someone is taking the Kansas City style ribs and slapping St Louis on it.
(sorry, just read another review and thought it was hilarious).

Thumbs down.
Service is terrible!

It is hard to find a place with good food and good service but Bobby Q delivers both.
Clara was our server and she was possibly the best waitress we ever had anywhere.
We had the Q-rolls which were like large taquitos with the tenderest brisket inside.
You get 6 and it is large enough for a meal.
We also shared the lunch combo plate with baby back ribs, St. Louis ribs, and pulled chicken.
It is obvious they don't boil their ribs like other places.
They claim to slow smoke them for at least 18 hours and I believe it.
We had the Mac and cheese for a side and it was creamy and the noodles were just right and not mushy.
The only thing I wasn't thrilled with was the banana cream pie.
It was tasty and the crust was delicious, but the consistency was odd.
I highly recommend this place for BBQ.

I stopped in with a party of 6 last week and had a great experience.
It was a Tuesday night so we were seated right away.
Our server Chelsea took great care of us giving great recommendations from beer, to appetizers, to entrees.
I had the 3 meat plate with the baby back ribs, brisket and pulled pork with sides of pecan coleslaw and roasted veggies.
I had to stop myself from finishing it because my taste buds were taking priority over my hunger.
I was happy I did because I had a great lunch to take to work the next day.
The warm cinnamon mini donuts were a welcome addition on the way out as always!

Highly recommend this place.
They have great food and the service is always awesome.
Jessica helped us tonight and was very on top of things and great with the kids!

Loved bobby Qs food was great!
Ribs were perfect not at all fatty, lots of meat and the sauce was perfection.
Mac and cheese was very memorable.
Phillip B was a great server

Some of the best BBQ in the valley.
Whole hog heaven was awesome and our server sawyer anticipated our needs perfectly.

This place serves very good BBQ and the service is up to the task.
The ribs are wonderful as are the burgers and kids meals.
It's nice to have a "go to"  BBQ joint in the valley.
Hope you all enjoy the food, atmosphere, and service as much as we do.

This is my reliable date night restaurant especially when in the mood for good BBQ.
Experiences have always been fantastic that have led my fianc and I will be to book Bobby Qs for our rehearsal dinner.
Considering our last visit and how busy it was our waitress Ashlynn was incredibly hospitable and everything exceeded our already high expectations.

Phillip was great and helped us so much for our first time here!
All the food was great!!
Highly recommend the Mac and cheese!!

The Mac n Cheese tho... to die for and the service was very pleasant.
Best spot for lunch

Awesome food!!
My one and only spot for BBQ!!
I am basically addicted!
Our waitress Chelsea was awesome!
Very curious  and charming!
Ask for her when you come!

Who knew?!
Right in my backyard was a delicious meal!
My husband and kids all were happy.
Portions perfect for sharing.
Drinks refilled before empty.
Thank you, Megan!
Dinner??
Delicious.
Best BBQ I've had since I do not remember when.
My eldest ordered smothered fried chicken.
It was well seasoned and I used it to explain what it's like in the south.
Peppery perfect.
At the end of our meal we were given "to go" doughnuts.
Happy full family right now.
We will be back soon.

We have been here twice and both times the food and service were outstanding.
Jessica and Jo were friendly, knowledgeable and efficient.
These qualities in wait staff are a credit to great management.
We have tried BBQ from one side of the country to the other.
This has been some of the best beef brisket.
It was so tender and juicy.
If you want a variety, the whole hog is the way to go.

We were visiting friends from Texas and were in desperate need of some legit BBQ.
Ambiance - Unlike most BBQ places, this place was SUPER clean.
Service - We had a reservation and got seated right away.
Jessica was also super friendly and recommended the Sunday family feast, which came out super fast.
Food - The Sunday family feast included 1/2 St. Louis ribs, 1/2 pound of brisket, 1/2 pound of pork and 1/2 of a chicken +2 sides and cornbread!
All for $20 a person.
Things that REALLY stood out: 1) Q rolls were perfectly crispy rolls of yummy brisket!
2) Cornbread was unlike any other cornbread I've had 3) Chicken wasn't dry at all and had really good flavor!

Best BBQ in Phoenix, hands down.
Great ribs and brisket, especially.
The donuts are good when they are fresh, and usually are.
Service has never been an issue here, but never over-the-top stellar - but that's okay in a casual BBQ joint.
Keep it up!

Excellent food and great service!!
One of the best BBQ joints I've ever been to!
Brisket was to die for and baby back ribs were falling off the bone.
Yummy Mac n' cheese and tasty beans!
Will definitely go again if in the Phoenix area!

I'm getting pretty close to not setting foot in here again.
Here's why: As a regular, I not only go there for the food, but because of the people.
I have known these servers and bartenders for years, right up until they get shopped and fired.
That's right folks, my meals are usually almost ALWAYS ruined by some idiot shopping a beloved server or bartender of mine and I have to sit there and listen to Joe Shmo ask moronic questions like (no joke) "can my daughter have a beer?
She's sixteen....what's the legal age to consume alcohol?
"  Now as a former secret shopper myself for a LARGE company, here's a few words of advice, train your shoppers, a want ad in the newspaper is ridiculous.
If you care THAT much about customer service, let your customers be your shoppers, because I can spot these idiots when they walk in, and most of them LOVE the idea of judging a young person and making them sweat for their job.
Shame on you.
Secondly as a loyal customer, the way I was treated by your shoddy excuse of management when having an allergic reaction to peanuts in your dessert was appalling.
Here's my assessment as a former shopper:  1.
) When I asked the wait staff if the chocolate dessert had peanuts in it, they seemed sure it did not, but nobody could be sure because it wasn't printed on the menu.
Upon having two bites of the dessert my mouth immediately swelled up and I had an allergic reaction.
Ciara and Toni were very concerned and attentive, offering water and even a concoction to help me purge the food if needed.
They both kept a watchful eye on me while making sure to not neglect other patrons.
) I asked to speak to a manager to merely suggest for the second time (this happened before with their banana dessert) that as an establishment, they should protect themselves by listing peanut ingredients on the menu.
The manager replied that usually when someone has an allergy they tell the server and then the server tells the kitchen, thus making me the customer feel like it was a failure on my part to notify and announce my allergy to the entire restaurant upon my arrival.
Sitting there astounded, I asked if I was indeed hearing what I was hearing, and she glossed over it, thanked me for the feedback, said they were going to reprint their menus at some point, offered to call "someone"I'm assuming an ambulance, and pat me on the back and left.
Really?
So here's the deal, the food is good, the servers and bartenders are the best.
Pretty much everyday they work in fear of losing their job, and I can't support that.
They remember what you drink, how you like your food prepared, your name, and that's not something you get in chain restaurants, but the regulars, the ones who you could count on to support the place, they've slowly disappeared, and I'm headed that way myself.
Unless you've been sitting at your spot, enjoying your meal only to have it RUINED by some jerk shopping your friend and one of many favorite bartenders or servers, you don't know what sick is.
Getting a job in today's economy is difficult enough, but these people treat the mostly 20 something employees like slave  workers who are fortunate to be breathing the bobby q air.
I can't fathom going in to work everyday wondering if it's my last.
Finally, when a regular has a concern like PUT PEANUTS ON YOUR MENU, it's not just for the patrons benefit, but your own, and you failed to see that, instead you shrugged me off and couldn't get out of my presence fast enough; I know when I'm being patronized, don't forget, I can shop you too, and you failed big time, as in you'd be fired.
Good customer service is what Pita Jungle did where they asked me for my phone number or email address to discuss further (turned out to be pine nuts that were most likely cross contaminated).
So in conclusion, when you look around and wonder where all the regular money was that you could always count on coming in every dY at the same time, it's probably at the Black Angus, one of your former regulars is now a regular there, people can go there and grab some food and a drink or two without witnessing the torture you inflict on you're employees.
Shame on you.

This is Arizona's best kept secret.
Yelp helped us find this place and the reviewers helped us choose our meal.
The Best BBQ ever!
I highly recommend Bobby Q.  I agree with the reviews that the Mac 'n Cheese is amazing, the St Louis was my favorite and I was impressed with how moist the pulled pork was.
The corn bread they give your table is amazing.
They treated us amazingly from the minute we arrived until we left, and even gave us a bag of sweet mini doughnuts to go as a treat.
We'll definitely come by one more time before we leave Arizona.
Two thumbs up.

My friends and I were in Arizona for a couple of days and had the pleasure of trying Bobby Q's.
Between the three of us we split a hog's heaven and baby back ribs, which we mostly devoured.
Do not underestimate the hog's heaven.
It is massive and delicious.
I particularly enjoyed the st. Louis ribs.
It was overall a great experience, and our waiter Rishad was a delight.
9/10 would dine here again.

I'm from out of town and had heard from a family member that I had to try Bobby Q's.
Excellent recommendation!!
I ordered the Steak Sandwich that was covered in mushrooms and onions, and it was delicious!
When you go, ask for Austin!
He was great!
Extremely fast and efficient.
Overall, great experience!
I will be back!

Jo was incredible!
It's very rare to actually get exceptional service and great food all in one place.
Best Mac & Cheese I've ever had in my life and the Beef Brisket was .com

Just took my family to Bobby Q's based on the good Yelp reviews and am happy to say it lived up to its great reputation.
We started with the Q Rolls which were excellent.
My wife and I both had the brisket plate.
At some places brisket can be dry, but here it was moist and flavorful.
My sons had brisket and pulled pork sandwiches and loved them.
Although after seeing the huge hamburger at the next table my one son wanted that.
As for sides we shared the onion block and everyone had the Mac and cheese; both were great.
Just when I thought I couldn't eat any more they brought us small, hot, moist doughnuts that they provide for free.
As it turned out I wasn't that full as they were too good to pass up.
I must also say that the quality of service matches the quality of food.
Our server Emmy provided award winning service with a smile, making us feel at home.
The decor also felt comfortable with a real old time BBQ house look.
If you love BBQ, Bobby Q's is a place you need to try.

1st time and it will not be my last time...This place is off the charts good...damn you smosted chicken you ruined my life cuz now I have to drive 5 hours just to eat you again

Before walking in you could smell the aroma!
Intoxicatingly good!
:O and then we walk in and are seated with Phillip who kindly gave us pointers on what to get since this was the first time coming here.
He was attentive and nice, true meaning of customer service!
:) and within 10 minutes our meal was out!
We ordered whole hog heaven and it filled four people, the meat was so tender, moist, and fell off the bones, BBQ sauce was delicious, Mac n cheese is absolutely rich and cheesy, and ending with donuts!
Sooooooo good!
Overall good prices for scrumptious food!
Very impressed :) coming all the way from orange ca back to Arizona just for this restaurant!

This is going to be a short review - because, well, my husband was not feeling well (not related at all to the restaurant) - but can I just say - WHAT GREAT SERVICE!!
So sweet and accommodating.
My fried chicken was a juicy delight, the mashed potatoes that came with it were full of flavor.
Only complaint - bathrooms were a little scary.

Traveling from California, this was a "must stop" on our list!
The pulled pork never disappoints & my hubby said the prime rib was the best he ever had!
Really rich & creamy Mac n cheese, delightfully moist corn bread & sweet tea that you'll want to take home by the gallon!!
Service was awesome--extra kudos to Jeff, who stayed on top of our table & even kept our picky kids happy!!
Leaving extremely full--and very happy!!
:-)

Bobby Q's has been one of my family's favorite places to eat on a saterday night.
The food has the taste and richness that all love.
Recommend the steak and crab legs entree with onion block appetizer.
Love the service and the doughnuts were delicious!
Also had a great waiter named Rashad, great server!

Stopped in here today for the first time and so glad I did.
we sat on the spacious patio and the weather was perfect.
Our server, Nathan, came right out to take our order.
We got the hot wings as an appetizer and they were delicious.
Crispy and great flavor, but not very spicy at all.
We then ordered the platter combo of pulled pork with mac n cheese and mashed potatoes.
The mac was ahhhhmazing!
The pork was also very good and I really liked the bbq sauce on it.
The food was all great and reasonably priced.
Nathan was great and very attentive throughout our entire meal.
The manager also popped out to check on us, which I always appreciate.
We had an excellent dining experience, with plenty of leftovers to enjoy all over again later!
I would definitely recommend going here for great bbq and plan to return soon!

Great atmosphere and BBQ.
I take my wife here on date night!
The service never disappoints and don't forget the Mac and cheese side best I ever had!

So Far best BBQ in AZ.
Family finished everything.
It was really good.
Had the baby back and the brisket.
Kids loved it will definitely be back.

Best BBQ in Arizona, Texas beef ribs are outstanding!
Customer service is great and I love the ambiance.
Pricey but worth every penny!

Good atmosphere, Good service, Great food and you will come back for more

Absolutely, the best  BBQ food I have ever eaten.
The ambiance and the staff are great.
A must for the barbecue enthusiast!
I highly recommend Bobby Qs.

There is good and bad in my review.
Ultimately I do not regret going here but I feel obliged to pass on the whole story.
So we were going to be in Phoenix for a few days for my son's birthday.
Bobby Q was one of the restaurants that came up as a recommended place to eat.
I was told when I looked them up on Urban Spoon that if I mention them that I would get 10% off, so I figure "hey why not?
" I mention it to the waitress when we arrive and when we get our bill and nothing was done.
Though 7 or 8 bucks really won't make or break me, if they think coming out a few bucks ahead is worth having that advertised on a site like this then I simply think that's a foolish way to conduct business - draw people in with a deal and then back out on it.
That being said I did like the food there.
It wasn't the cheapest meal but it also wasn't outrageous (I think about 70-80 for my wife, son, and I).
We went with the one offer that was like $40 for a couple of different types of ribs, sides, and other meat products.
We were honestly quite full and agreed our health would take a major hit if we were to eat like that on a regular basis.
Pretty cool dcor in the place.
I'd rate it higher but it does bug me with their false offers.
Honour it or take it down.
If you go in with that knowledge you'll probably more or less enjoy your dining experience.

Today was my first time at Bobby Qs.
It was either between Lolo's Chicken Waaaangs or this place and I'm so glad I tried this first.
I gave it a 5 stars because:   (1) FOOD: it is divine and affordable!
I got the briskets with mac and cheese and pecan cole slaw.
It was mouth-watering, delicate and melts right in your mouth.
So tasty!
My friend Daniel got the pulled chicken burger with shoestring fries.
He basically swallowed the who meal.
My friend Lo had the sampler platter with baby back ribs, pulled chicken and bbq chicken.
All were very tasty.
Baby back ribs came right off the bone just the way I like it.
They bring out a good portion for each so I had plenty of left over.
For my briskets, mac and cheese and coleslaw, it was a $17.00 total.
So I was extremely happy.
At the end, you get free donut holes!
Best way to end a late lunch.
PS.
SHOESTRING FRIES WERE ON POINT.
(2) SERVICE: Tiffany was my server and she was such a doll.
She engaged with her customers and answered all of our questions.
She made us feel very welcomed and had a sense of humor.
She laughed at my jokes and played along.
If there was an award for best server of the day, she would be it!
And if there was a prize for that award, it should be unlimited shoestring fries for her and her customers but they are amazing!- just like Bobby Qs!
Cheers to a BBQ restaurant and bringing in the new year right!

Simply amazing.
Server was really friendly and made us feel welcome.
The Q rolls were delicious and so were the ribs.

The food is AMAZING and affordable!
Best BBQ in Phoenix!
I come here every time I'm in town.
The service is great too.
Jessica went above and beyond to make our dinner enjoyable.

Great food, as always.
We are regulars.
Jessica waited on us tonight.
Nice gal, good service.

Always come to bobby qs for lunch and dinner.
Their beef brisket is amazing!!
The Mac n cheese is a must as a side.
Best time to come in price wise is lunch.
Oh and I can't forget about the complimentary sugar doughnuts!!!!
Our waitress Jessica was great.
She got our orders in quick and food to our table just as fast.

Been here 3 times now and tonight's server was the best communicator yet!
Rishad rocks!
So does all the BBQ and variety of choices.
Oh yeah!

baby back ribs.
mashed potatoes.
mac n cheese.
enough said!
We bring all our visitors here.
ahhhhhhmazzzingggg.
Can't go wrong.

Rishad was our server and he was the best server in the whole world.
He has big muscles and will knock your socks off!

I've been to many bbq places in Phoenix, and Bobby Q has had the best food by far.
I try something new each time I come and I have yet to be dissapointed.
But, it's not just the food that's amazing; the service is some of the best I've had as well.
One server in particular, Rishad, has always been friendly and made sure that everyone at my table was taken care of.

My girlfriend and I spent $25 on sandwiches late on a Wednesday night.
It was absolutely delicious, the beef brisket and the pulled chicken both.
The manager made a point to greet us, and everything about the place was great.
It was slow and close to closing time, but they never gave the vibe that they were in 'shutdown' mode for the night, which can happen when you go to a place close to closing on a weekday.
Would strongly recommend this place to anyone looking for awesome BBQ.
The mini donuts you get on the way out were a nice surprise!
Felt like something a classy NYC place would do, very nice touch.

In Phoenix for a seminar and found Bobby's near my hotel.
I had the Pulled Pork Sandwich (sans bun) and Pecan Coleslaw.
Jason at the bar hooked me up with Bobby's Amber Ale and took great care of me.
Though I skipped the bun on the sandwich I had to sample the complimentary corn bread...AWESOME!
Make sure and try both the original and spicy sauces too.

1st time here, trying the brisket.
Nice atmosphere.
Vanessa has been very helpful with our questions.
Just finished, everything was great.
Looking forward to next time.

Okay here we go.
Service a solid 10.
Hostess friendly and most helpful.
Service fast and again a solid 10 for Tiffany and Rashad spot on.
Manager stopped By to make sure everything was good.
Now on to to food.
Prime Rib an 8.
Smoked Prime Rib interesting.
I had the chicken.
Excellent 8.
BBQ sauce a 10.
Order the spicy.
Not to spicy.
Side of veggies the best.
Corn also worth it.
Do not miss.
Over all Vibe a 10.
The people here understand customer service.
Value 10.
Come early it gets busy.

Why write a review when this place has so many friggin' reviews that average 4.5 stars.
I will just add on to the stardom!
I love the hog heaven, extra bbq sauce, the spicy bbq sauce, the corn bread, and the little friggin' donuts they give you when you leave.
Yes, you heard that right, little tiny deep fried goodness to make you love this place even more.
We will see you again, Bobby Q!

Philip was our waiter and he did an excellent job taking care of my wife and I.
We went there for our anniversary and the food and service were excellent.
Try the baby back ribs...
Yum!!!
Philip should be rewarded for his excellent service.

I come to the Phoenix area twice a year and this is always the first place I go to eat.
A little bit more fine dining then your regular BBQ place but the food is just as good.
The brisket and pulled pork are my favorites of the meats that they offer.
Don't forget to get the spicy BBQ sauce.
One of the best things is getting the fresh made house donuts when your leaving.
The staff is pretty awesome too.
Look for Nathan's section, he's one of the best.

I haven't been to Bobby-Q's in years.
It was amazing.
Great food!
The mashed potatoes and stuffed potato were great.
All of their potato products, really.
Everyone was very courteous and made sure dinner went smoothly.
Rishad was our server and treated us well, and on a busy night even.
Thanks!

OMG, the food here is GREAT!
Love their Ribs, and Brisket!
Great service!
If you are wanting some BBQ food then this is a must place to go.
You will not regret, and you will come back over and over again.

This is one of my favorite BBQ places in the Phoenix area and I make it a point to visit whenever I'm in the area.
Let's face it, the #1 reason to visit any BBQ place is the food, and everything is done well here.
I especially like the Pulled Pork sandwiches and the ribs are great as well.
That being said I like the look and feel of the place as well.
Service has always been awesome and last time was no exception.
Our server, Jo, was friendly, attentive and provided great customer service.
I'm usually here for lunch and while the place is busy it has never been too crowded or loud, making it ideal for a business lunch.
It's also easy to access from the I-17 and has plenty of parking.
What can I say, I'll definitely be back.

Were from Cali, were its hard time come by a good plate of BBQ.
The food was amazing and shout out to Jessica and the amazing service that her and her team provide.
If you are in the area make it a priority to stop by you will not regret it.

Food is really good and huge!
Rishad was our server.
Rib meat is falling off the bone!

This is my second visit to Bobby Q...the first one was several years ago.
I ordered a ribeye steak and it was tender and flavorful.
For $25 I got the steak and two sides and I found it to be a great value for a $25 steak.
It is a step up from Outback and Texas Roadhouse, but about the same price.
I sat at the bar and the bartender was very attentive and friendly.
One of my sides was the mac and cheese and I can honestly say that it was some of the cheesiest, and therefore some of the best that I have had.

I'm not crazy about BBQ so my review might be slightly biased.
I got brisket because it seemed to be the most crazed about meat.
I could see why people love it but it was just decent to me.
Very tender but typical BBQ flavor.
Mac and cheese tasted like what I've had at other BBQ restaurants but a bit better.
Same with the corn bread.
I got it for take-out and they were extremely quick so that was much appreciated!

Phenomenal food.
Definitely lived up to the reviews.
A colleague at the office steered me here (ha!
) and holy smokes (no pun intended) did Bobby's deliver!
Ciara took care of us, the Q rolls gave us a taste of the brisket and wow it set the stage!
The Qcolada drink was unreal, the girl loved it.
Q amber ale didn't disappoint either!
We had to try both the St Louis and the baby back, just to get a sample.
;) bbq chicken rounded out the meal.
Shoestring potatoes were a favorite, as was the mac and cheese.
I had been looking for a solid bbq place and Bobby definitely delivers the goods.
Will be back.

I found this place with Yelp and thought I would give it a try.
I was very impressed with the service.
With the number of positive reviews I was afraid it may be packed so I made a reservation with open table.
We arrived and were immediately seated.
It was busy, but for lunch doesn't look like a reservation is necessary.
Our server was amazing and I regret not getting her name.
She was very attentive and I appreciated her questions.
She asked if we were looking to rush in and out.
It was a working lunch so we let her know we weren't in a big rush.
She said she likes to ask in case we needed to be back within an hour.
We ordered our food I went with the St. Louis ribs and the Mac and Cheese as my side.
We had our food within 10 minutes.
The ribs were very tender and had a great taste.
We were offered extra BBQ sauce which I enjoyed the flavor.
I was really surprised by the Mac and cheese.
It was very good and my favorite part of my meal.
We stayed at our table for an hour and forty-five minutes.
We didn't want to be rude by taking up space, but they told us there was no rush and to enjoy our beverages and finish up our work.
Glad I found this place.

this place is nutz!
just come here... so much nom!

Didn't like the wait but the food was amaze-balls.
Whole rack of baby back ribs and 2 sides for $28 .. not bad!
Service was a bit slow (had to ask for sauce like 3 times) but she was nice.
Then they mentioned the yelp offer and we took advantage of the discount!
plus free donuts at the end.

Excellent food and awesome service...
Thanks to Rishad!!!
Keep up the great work...
I will be back for sure!!

Excellent food, I had the brisket and sausage link meal.
For the sides I had potato salad and mac n cheese.
The sides were just perfect.
My least favorite item was the brisket, it was a bit dry and lacked flavor.
I still managed to give it 4 stars because everything else exceeded my expectations.
Tony was my server and customer service was superb.
Very attentive and sweet.
I will be back

I do love Barbeque and ribs and Bobby Q delivers exactly what you pay for.
Pulled pork is good, but not as good as Texas Roadhouse up the street.
Ribs are all right, but the meat quality is no where near that of a 4 or 5 star joint.
Steak is just bad.
This is an ideal place for take-out or a quick lunch sit in; don't bring your bbq savvy friends or girlfriend here.

Ashlynn was our server.
She provided excellent service with useful suggestions about our meal.
We had the winning combination of catfish with prime rib, roasted corn, grilled vegetables, and baked potatoes.
And of course, some corn bread to begin the meal.
Overall, the highlight of the meal was the prime rib and the catfish.
Both were cooked perfectly and seasoned as it should be.
Roasted corn was a little more on the buttery side, but still tasted flavorful.
Grilled vegetables were a little skimpy.
Baked potato was a baked potato.
We ended with complimentary house made donuts.
Not just one...a bag of mini donuts!

I've stayed in Phoenix for more than 18 months, and I must say their bbq ribs is one of the best, if not the best, in the US.
Fall-off-the-bone is the most precise word to describe it.
I love the place, it's so woody and it really brings the southern feel.
Highly recommended appetizers are the Crispy Sweet Onion Block and Q-rolls.
As for the entree, all the ribs available in their menu and smoked prime rib top my list.
Sides are equally tasty too - mac and cheese, shoestring fries, roasted corn and pecan coleslaw.
The complimentary corn bread and baked potato (only comes if you order winning combination) are also superb.

Since there have been so many reviews of Bobby Q, I'll just quickly review our experience with food and service.
See pictures too.
Hot wings: very juicy (good quality chicken).
Wifey thought the sauce was a bit "different" (i.e., not true buffalo authentic), but she enjoyed them nonetheless.
They were a bit spicy, but not so hot that you finish your beer in 5 seconds (more like 30 seconds, but I digress) The veggie were also good, if you're into that sort of thing..
Pull Pork Sandwich: the pork itself was excellent.
Big chunks of meat (not shredded), which was very tender.
They serve it with a little BBQ sauce (but you can supplement), a pickle on the side, and a side of your choice.
The bun, however, was very buttered - too much for my taste, and slightly burnt.
I would probably tell them to hold the bun next time (or the butter!
)  Baby-back ribs: I really wanted to like these since they looked so good (and fall-off-the-bone tender).
However, they were VERY smoky - perhaps it was just the sauce, but it was definitely a detraction for me.
I routinely go to the south for BBQ (so my expectations may be high) but I would pass on these in the future.
Wifey also thought they were very salty, but she tends to be more sensitive to that than me.
Shoe-string french fries: as good as they sound.
Very tasty, super thin, and salty.
Would definitely get these again.
Service: very attentive and friendly.
In addition to our main server, we had 2 other staff check up on us (as part of their routine), but it was not intrusive at all.
Beer on tap: went with the Bobby Q brown ale and later a Kiltlifter.
The Bobby Q was a bit too nutty - definitely going with the Kiltlifter next time!

I'm certainly jaded by the variety of outstanding BBQ joints in Texas, so my visit to Bobby Q just wan't mind blowing.
In and of itself, Bobby Q has fine, workaday BBQ.
The ribs are fall-of-the-bone moist, but almost entirely lacking in flavor save for whatever sauce you slather them in.
No smokiness, no meatiness, just sauce.
The mac-and-cheese is average, not good, not bad, and the coleslaw is mayo based, which I hate.
Fortunately it's priced right, heck, it's downright cheap for decent BBQ, and our server was awesome.
Not a bad BBQ spot by any stretch of the imagination.

Great food   I had the smoked prime rib and my pop and jean had the baby back ribs.
The ribs were fall off the bone tender.
Prime rib was fantastic.
2 thumb up for this place

Hands down the best tasting BBQ in Arizona !
Hubby and I shared the smoasted.
Chicken, roasted veggies and corn, and potato salad.
Our server Rebekah was beyond helpful as it was our first time there.
She even got us small sample of their Mac n cheese which was nice n creamy.
Despite the fact that we got there ten minutes before closing this was a really good experience.

Very good food and service.
Nice bar area with TV available.

Wow!
We were in this area and decided to yelp for the highest rated restaurant.
Bobby Q's was the one.
We were so happy with our choice!
The food and service were both amazing.
Our kids walked away saying it was the best restaurant ever.
The baby back ribs and smokehouse burger were the best.
We also enjoyed the corn bread muffins at the beginning.
We will definitely be coming back.
It's a new favorite for us.

We were in the area and decided to Yelp our dinner location.
This place came up at the top of the search with over 500 reviews, you know we had to see what all the fuss was about.
Coming down 27th street we thought Google Maps was getting us lost.
There was no way a bomb BBQ joint was next to all these apartments.
Well once we passed the last apartment building on the right, we saw Bobby's.
The building was not impressive from the parking lot, not to mention we were parked behind the restaurant.
I thought rusty shack = good food.
I was glad I stuck with my instinct.
We turned the corner and could instantly smell the smoker putting in work on slabs of ribs and brisket.
Inside the decor was modern and clean.
After seating we were greeted quickly and with a smile.
I could hardly listen to what she saying because my eyes were fixated on the 40 chickens rolling in the rotisserie oven.
We ordered the Hog Heaven plate for three of us, while my son had the smokehouse burger.
Let me just say this is plenty of food for a family of 4.
Four choices of meats with three sides.
I highly recommend the baby back ribs as one of the meats.
If you have no teeth, you can still chew these.
My mouth had an orgasm when I bit into them.
They were so tender, there was no knife needed to separate them.
The brisket, St. Louis ribs, and chicken rounded out the plate.
Mac and cheese side dish is a must!
So creamy and the cheese was outstanding.
You can tell that time was taken to prepare our meal that came out quickly.
The cornbread was oven hot and was perfectly cooked with a hint of crunchiness on the edges.
I had the Bobby Q Ale for my drink and it was a solid choice.
It was very bold and complimented the BBQ sauce that was all over my fingers.
Visit this place in the near future, hopefully your experience is as good as mine.
This spot moved into the first priority when dining out in Phoenix.

Love it, love it, love it.
Food is great can't stop ordering take out.
This is not a Texas restaurant but as close as Arizona can get too one.
Can't wait to go again.

Found this place through Yelp because Pappadeaux's was packed and I wanted a Poboy!
Our server Chelsea asked us if it was our first time there, and was excited to tell us they age their meats and slow cook them.
My bf and I weren't sure what we wanted for an appetizer, so Chelsea recommended Q-pops.
They were mouth watering beef brisket taquito type appetizers with BBQ sauce and chipotle sauce.
The Mister ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich with Grilled Veggies and I got my Catfish Poboy with Potato Salad.
Everything was so delicious!!!
They also give you cornbread, which tasted sweet.
I cannot wait to come back and try out the rest of the menu!

I ordered take-out on a business trip: fire roasted rotisserie chicken w/ mac&cheese and a wedge salad  Chicken was falling off the bone delicious.
I'm a health nut, and although I know bleu cheese dressing is "better" for you, this stuff tastes so incredible you would never know.
Not the low-key hole-in-the wall kind of place, but still seemed fun for a chain-like dining experience.
I would certainly go back.

So as a last meal in az this was pretty epic!
Phenomenal service-I was checked on by several people, the food came out seriously fast.
Best of all tony gave me good recommendations and made sure my meal was epic.
I'm sorry to report he succeeded.
The food was fabulous.
I got the 3 meat combo and of that the baby back ribs were my favorite.
The chicken was fantastic and the beef brisket was great but hats off to anyone that can cook a pig that good!
The grilled veggies were tastie and made me feel better about eating here.
The beans were also great.
The sauces were also very tasty.
I highly recommend the spicy to anyone who wants a zip to their sauce.
All in all a great last meal in AZ before going back to Cali

Best place for ribs outside of Kansas City and by far the best place in Phoenix.
I prefer  the St Louis style.
Staff is super friendly and beer is served ice cold.

I really like the atmosphere and food at this place.
We eat there all the time for work, and I have yet to eat a bad meal.
The service is great.
I would highly recommend it for anyone.

This place is incredible, the best BBQ I have ever had.
Ev-er-y-thing on their menu is great!
We love the Q rolls, spinach dip and mac and cheese.
The brisket is so tender that it falls apart without even pressing on your fork.
Awesome BBQ sauce.
They have the best cornbread and after your dinner they give you complementary sugared donuts.
I always leave full and happy with plenty of leftovers.
To top it all off, always excellent service.

Favorite BBQ place to go!
I had the lunch platter, which was St. Louis ribs, BBQ chicken, and beef brisket.
Oh my lord, was it so heavenly good.
As good as it looked.
The brisket was my favorite, so tender and flavorful.
All the meat just falls off the bone, so soft and dee-licious!
Can't forget to mention their mac n' cheese, so creamy and cheesy, best mac n'cheese in the world!
I might be reaching, but I promise you it was oh so good!
Also we loved the cornbread.
Cute little patties is how they come out, and we can't tell you how those little donuts they serve after each meal, how tasty those little things are, a little sweet and crunchy on the outside, soft and doughy on the inside.
We loved this place so much, we came back the next day for dinner, seriously!
I'm pretty sure you'll love it too.

I came year last August (late review...sorry) and I was SUPER impressed!
The ambiance was much different from most BBQ joints.
It was a bit on the sleek side which I liked very much.
My hubby & I opted for the catfish po boy...(at a BBQ joint..go figure!
) and that sucker was GOOD!
I liked at the end of the meal they give you these wonderful little fresh donuts...Ahhh...be still my beating heart...When I go back to Phoenix, I'll be hitting up this place!
One more thing...
Location is a bit awkward.
If You're headed to this restaurant & if it feels like you're lost.. You're not...it's in somewhat of a residential area.

Service: We definitely had great service.
Prompt attention from our server Phil and the manager stopped by.
Decor: Country shabby clean.
Dark woods, colors and Distressed textures; high ceilings made the place feel open and large.
Food and drink: Full bar; mediocre strawberry daiquiri & good virgin strawberry lemonade.
The corn had great flavor along with the corn bread patties.
Grilled chicken and ribs had decent flavor, a little smokey, very little char.
The ribs were very tender but the chicken was a tad dry.
Great smoked sausage and shoestring fries.
The bbq sauce was tasty, not overly sweet and not to runny.
Cinnamon donuts are a nice touch at the end of the meal.
Overall I would give it 3.5.
It wasn't bad,  it just wasn't outstanding.

Ridiculously the Best 1st Time Experience of My Life!
This was My Last Stop Before Heading Back to  L.A.
The Front Desk at THE CROWNE PLAZA Highly Recommended this Place Since I was Here on a Business Trip.
I Was Ready to Head Back to PAPPADEAUX'S SEAFOOD KITCHEN for the 3RD Time this Weekend and I'm Soooo Glad I Took Their Advice!
MONIQUE Was My Server.
And Not Only Was She On Top of Her Game and Answered My Questions with the Conviction of a Preacher Giving A Sermon on a Sunday,  But She was as Beautiful as the Heavanly CORN BREAD She Brought Me and My Client!
For Starters the Q-ROLL'S Were SCRUMPTIOUSLY Delicious with 2 Different Sauces!
The MIX COMBO MEAT PLATTER of BEEF BRISKET AND PULLED PORK Was Off the Chain JUICY and FORK TENDER!
The BOBBY Q CHEESE BURGER that My Client Ordered was As Thick, Juicy and Made To Order as Any I Have Ever Laid Eyes On!
Unfortunately,  I Wasn't Prepared to Handle Desert, (THERE VERSION OF BANANA CREAM PIE,  OUCH!
) Especially Since I Had a 5 Hour Road Trip Back to La La.
CAN I SAY FOOD COMA!
NOT!
I'm Not Gonna Get Pulled Over By ARIZONA HIGHNOON PATROL For a DUI A La BOBBY Q!
And If You Even Think that I'm Over Playin' My Hand then Just Head Over There and Call My Bluff!
Like General Douglas Mac Arthur said to the People of the Philippines in WWII or Arnold Schwarzenegger said in The Terminator... "I'LL BE BACK"!

Love the St Louis ribs,  not crazy about the beef ribs though.
The best cornbread!
Service is usually good, and the prices are reasonable for the quality.
A great neighborhood joint.

Excellent BBQ and we had outstanding service on a Sunday evening.
This was a recommendation from the local wine bar & were very thankful she sent us this way  We ordered the combo with baby back ribs, brisket, & pulled pork.
Everything was tender, no fat, and both the regular & spicy sauces were very good.
Mac-cheese was PERFECT!
We were too full for dessert, but managed to enjoy the Thank Q's (just wait-finger licking good) we got with the bill.
A must when in the Glendale area.

Just as delicious as it was five years ago!
Jessica was our waitress and took excellent care of us!
We split the hog heaven and almost finished it.
The brisket melts in your mouth!
And the doughnuts...no matter how full I am they are a sweet finale!

As a GM of a Bar/Restaurant it was a delight to see my Bartender have passion for Bobby Q's.
When  asking the different questions about the menu she was right in it and gave great detail.
I truly believed that she knew what she was saying!
Thank you Ciara for your great personality.
Even the other waitress kept asking me, "Isn't she the greatest?
", yes she was!

Absolutely unreal.
I'm from Austin Texas and have been dying for good BBQ, this place has it.
Worth the drive.
The Mac n cheese, unreal.
The BBQ, amazing.
The donuts at the end, stupid.
So stupid good.

We ate dinner at Bobby Q based on their wonderful Yelp reviews.
We had Stacie as our server.
We wanted ribs and brisket.
Based on her recommendation we had a three meat combination plate - with brisket, St. Louis style ribs, and baby back ribs.
The best meat of the three was the baby back ribs.
The baby backs were cooked to perfection, with the meat falling off the bones.
The baby backs were delicious and wonderful.
The other meats - brisket and St. Louis Style ribs - were also very, very good.
The service was excellent - prompt, courteous, and attentive.
The atmosphere was very relaxing, and tables were spaced nicely so that we didn't feel cramped.
Stacie's service was excellent.
We will return here when we next visit Phoenix.

A coworker of mine highly recommended this place last year when I told him I was headed out to Tempe for spring training.
I didn't get a chance to come last year but I made it a point to check it out this year.
I was able to make a same day reservation for Saturday evening through the yelp app and I'm so glad I did because the wait was going to be about an hour otherwise.
We waited less than 10 minutes to be seated.
Our server Tiffany was great, we told her it was our first time so she took the time to give us history on the restaurant and she gave us her recommendations.
The corn bread was so yummy and moist.
My fiance and I shared the whole hog heaven, which comes with two meats, two ribs and 3 sides.
For $40 not bad at all, we didn't finish our ribs and meat (there was a lot for two.
) The sides could have been a little bigger, we devoured the mac and cheese and mashed potatoes.
The mashed potatoes were so creamy and flavorful.
I usually prefer baby back ribs over the St. Louis but in this case we agreed the St. Louis were better.
The pulled chicken was my favorite, it wasn't the typical chicken covered in bbq sauce.
It had some other flavor I can't describe but it was amazing!
We walked out of here stuffed, I almost needed to be carried out.
The home made donuts at the end were a nice touch, even though I was full I couldn't stop eating them because they were so light/fluffy and bite size.
Definitely took advantage of the 10% for checking in.
Saved us 10 bucks, I'll take it!!
I'll be back next year when I'm in town.

BBQ restaurants can sometimes be overwhelming with all the choices.
Luckily we were sent the one and only Chelsea as our server!
She clearly has enthusiasm for her job and an outstanding attitude.
She was on point for all three parts of our meal.
The brisket was delicious.
If I could have, I would have ordered all burnt ends.
The meat was juicy and tender.
The babyback ribs, flavorful and moist.
The appetizer course would have been a great main course.
The Q rolls were like brisket lumpia with BBQ sauce or chipotle mayo.
The apple cobbler for dessert was just the right combo of sweet and tart.
3for3.
Either Chelsea is lucky or she's a Bobby Q's savant.
I'd go with the latter.

My wife and I really enjoyed this place.
There was a great buzz and energy level.
The waitress was friendly and helpful.
We shared 4 different kinds of their BBQ meats, and they were all delicious.
The brisket was fantastic.
We also shared 4 sides and they were all terrific; the corn was really great.

From start to finish everything was superb (Q-rolls, cornbread, meat combo, apple cobbler and that complimentary mini donuts to go!).
This is one of the few restaurants that I have dined in where the manager checks on the customers.
Thanks for the recommendations and good service, Chelsea!

The husband and I went here last weekend to celebrate the beginning of my break and to get a juicy burger.
The restaurant is cute, kind of themed, and the service was friendly.
They smoke their meat for 18 hours and you can see their chicken roasting from the dining room.
They start you with some pretty good cornbread.
For entrees we split the burger with bacon and bbq sauce and the pulled pork sandwich with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese... very healthy.
The burger was tasty, not the most amazing burger ever, but solidly good.
The pulled pork was better, definitely flavorful and good with their spicy bbq sauce.
Both sides were pretty mediocre, I didn't like the mac and cheese...tasted like velveeta and the mashed potatoes were gluey.
When we were done they brought out a little bag with a couple doughnut bites in it.... yum!
I would come back here to try some more of their Q.

Wow.
The lines scared me but the wait was worth it.
Fantastic food.
Every item outstanding.
Service outstanding.
Very few places serve ribs line this.
The St. Louis ribs peeled of the bone.
The smoke was perfect.

If you've never been to bobby q's you have to try their baby back ribs.
They are the best fall off the bone baby back ribs I've ever had!!!
The cornbread and donuts are to die for.

This place is the best barbecue I've had in Phoenix so far.
For some reason I expected a cafe-style joint given that most places in Arizona are run that way but instead we were greeted with a big, fully decorated roadhouse style building with a huge patio and fancy interior.
They even had a separate bar area which I plan to try out soon.
I was told it was overpriced and overrated by my in-laws and it was everything but that!
We both got a sampler platter which comes with three meat choices, a side, cornbread, and little unexpected fried sugar dough thingers to send you off.
I'm usually expecting dried meat and sides that taste like they've been sitting out but everything was perfectly cooked, tender, and juicy.
I was even impressed by the corn that had a sweet smokey flavor to it.
Only $26 before tax for two people as well.
Service was great, energetic, and helpful as well.
We took home what little scraps we had and had a midnight snack that reheated well too.
I can't wait to come back with friends and family to show them a "cooler" version of claim jumpers.

Funky looking place- huge!
Liked it right away, even from the parking lot.
Friday night when we arrived, crowded and a long wait- about 40 minutes.
We ordered appetizers- the rolled ones with BRISKET in them!
Perfect with a cold Blue Moon beer.
Finally, got a table and a cool waiter who brought us warm cornbread- great start!
We ordered baby back ribs, catfish, fried chicken with baked potato, coleslaw (with pecans!
) and, my favorite, the creamy mac & cheese.
Fantastic find.
Only wish we'd had room for the cobbler of the day!

They don't need my help.
Outstanding barbecue, outstanding service, and more food than I could possibly hope to finish.
If you order the Whole Hog, I recommend splitting it between three adults unless at least two of the people in your party are NFL linemen.
Cornbread, wedge salad, beef and baby back ribs, pork, and brisket, top sirloin steak.
All outstanding.
A must-visit for anyone who enjoys barbecue done right.

Outstanding food.
Make sure to wear stretchy pants because you will walk out of this restaurant 10 pounds heavier.
One of the best BBQ places I've ever tried.
I highly suggest making a reservation because it can get busy in there.
I've gone with friends and we share the "Whole Hog Heaven" which gives you the opportunity to try 4 different meats on their menu plus 3 sides.
But the best part is defitnitely their bbq sauce so make sure to ask for extra because they will gladly give it to you!
Their roasted corn is my favorite side dish and the mac and cheese is really good too.
Also, try the Q-rolls as a starter.
The chipotle dip is delicious!
And make sure to get an order of the cornbread too..you won't regret it!

Finding good barbecue is a challenge.
With barbecue, people's favorite styles are so different and standards are exacting.
Yelp put me onto Bobby Q.
Impressive ratings.
Rare does any restaurant have the ratings that Bobby Q does.
It was a Friday night during spring training.
We tried making a reservation that day, but they were already fully booked.
The parking lot was overflowing (at night you can use the lot next door at the small "college") when I arrived.
Loved the smell of smoke as I walked in.
The hostess said 50 minutes.
I don't think it was much more than 30.
Three of us started with Bobby's Amber Ale.
For those looking for heavy hops (IPA lovers) or deep flavor (stout or porter people), it would be lacking, but I liked it.
We also got the appetizer of little taquitos, Q Rolls, filled with barbecue beef.
Those came with two good sauces.
Very good.
For the meal, I choose two meats: pulled pork and brisket.
Both were tender, well seasoned, smoky, a little sauced (and I wasn't compelled to add a lot more), and moist.
Others in the group got: a pulled pork sandwich, ribs, and a salad with chicken.
Everyone thought the barbecue was excellent, echoing my comments of seasoning, smoke, and moistness.
Everyone loved the sauce.
Side: I got the Mac N Cheese and corn.
The corn was excellent with some taste of grilling and well seasoned.
The mac N cheese was good.
Mac N cheese almost always disappoints, and this was better than most, though I didn't love it.
Many in the group went for the grilled vegetables which were excellent.
An excellent meal.
I can imagine a few being disappointed with the crowds, the wait, or the style of barbecue if it's not their favorite.
I've been to a lot of barbecue places that were not nearly as good.
I haven't gone to any significantly better (except my backyard on 4th of July).
So I'm going to say 5 stars, and I look forward to returning to try the spareribs.
Why 5 stars?
Why not 4?
This is a barbecue place.
I'm not going to rate it on the same scale a high end fine dining restaurant.
For what it is, a steak and barbecue joint, it does it as well as any place I've been to.
I wish it wasn't as crowded, but it's popular.
If you crave smoke, you should find great satisfaction here.
The sides and appetizer were 4+.
But the star of the show, the smoked meat, was excellent.
That's what I came for, and that's what they get the 5 stars for.

It's been a long time since we have had some good bbq.
We gave this place a try due to the outstanding Yelp reviews.
Let me just say...thank you Yelpers!
The restaurant itself is large and has a good amount of parking.
The inside is very nice with dark lighting for a nice setting.
We were there today about 2 o clock so it wasnt too busy but I can vet this place gets packed!
They do have a bar and they had a nice fire oven that you could see chickens being roasted through the glass.
We tried the Q rolls for an appetizer and they were very good with the chipotle ranch dipping sauce.
For an entree my wife tried the pulled pork sandwich and I had the sampler with chicken, brisket and ribs.
Both dishes came with a side.
We tried the mashed potatoes and gravy and the mac n cheese.
Both sides were creamy and delicious!
The meats in the main dish were very flavorful and the bbq sauce is good.
We really enjoyed the corn bread and the donuts they give you for dessert.
Sawyer was a great server!

Try saying Bobby Q three times really fast in a southern accent.
It sounds like you're saying Barbeque.
I can't believe that I've been living in this area for a few years and I just started patronizing Bobby Q's.
There's definitely a happening vibe to this place after dark.
The place is packed and the air is buzzing with conversations and laughter.
They have ample seating inside and outside.
We met some friends that have never been here a few weeks ago and they became instantly hooked.
We ordered steaks, pulled pork, ribs and brisket.
Everything along with the sides were fabulous.
My brisket was tender and the flavor instantly transported my taste buds to a happy place.
The pulled pork was equally as good.
I've had the ribs on other trips to Bobby Q and have always enjoyed them.
I got a big thumbs up on the steak from my dining companion so I'm going to have to try that next time I'm in the house.
The tab for four people without alcohol and before tip was $70.
This is definitely my favorite BBQ place in the metro area.

My experience here was amazing.
My dad and I were both in a really bad mood and looking for a little respite from a horrible day at the hospital.
I had driven by Bobby Q's a couple of times and the placed looked fun so we thought we'd give it a try.
When we arrived on a Tuesday evening the place was PACKED.
The hostess said the wai would be 40 minutes and suggested we have a drink at the bar, which we were happy to do.
Our server at the bar Chelsea then set us up at a table by the bar and actually offered to just serve us there.
She was incredibly friendly and her enthusiasm felt completely authentic.
And after we got our meal I can see why.
The food was AMAZING.
We had the "Whole Hog" barbecue package which was four different types of meat and three sides and everything was great.
I can not wait to return.

I went to a beautiful wedding at Desert Foothills, which was catered by Bobby Q's.
Absolutely incredible BBQ.
I had the beef brisket, pulled chicken, ribs, smoked sausage and mac and cheese.
The ribs and the sliced smoked sausage were AMAZING.
So so good.
I was in a nice pretty dress, fully planning on eating delicately....one bite, and I was out of control.

Fantastic service.
They do a very good lunch.
It's about average price range.
Having experienced BBQ all over the country it compares probably closest Texas style.

I love BBQ and this place doesn't dissapoint (except for the mac n cheese, tasted like box mac n cheese).
Brisket was super tender, ribs fell off the bone, chicken was solid (we got the hog heaven).
Try the Q rolls....and try to grab some extra donuts at the end (they're free, like mints).

now i know what all the hype is about around town!
this place serves amazing and good quality food!
I am a huge fan of their ribs, burgers, and their alcoholic beverages.
I ordered this pineapple drink that actually comes in a pineapple , so cool!

Holy Cow!
How many times have you been for BBQ where the quality of the sides has been totally forgotten, not here!
Seriously, best mashed potatoes I've ever had.
Split the whole hog, 2 1/2 slabs of ribs, 2 piles of meat, 3 sides.
Amazing, a bit past tender (fine by me) but perfect rub and sauces.
Mac n cheese was crazy good.
Staff and service was very friendly, restaurant was done very well, enough southern comfort without the hee haw cheese, no wonder it was still packed at 8:30 with people still waiting to be seated

Amazing!

Best BBQ I have ever had.
Great food, great service, and they even hand you a bag of freshly made donuts for a to-go treat.
This is what eating out should be.

A good friend of mine -who's opinion on Q I highly respect- was in town a few months ago and stopped into Bobby Q's (BQ), and he couldn't stop raving about it.
I've been jonesing all week to come check it out, but I figured I'd wait until my wife got into town.
Well, I finally got my chance and I was giddy as a school girl.
I was actually able to make a reservation through OpenTable on the Yelp app, and I'm sure glad we did.
Upon our arrival at 5:30 the place was already packed, but by thetime we left at 7 there was a hoard of people flooding out into the street--and for good reason!
Enough jibber-jabber--on to the food!
I ordered the Three Meat Combo and that comes with two sides and some of BQ's Cornbread.
Sides:  Mac and Cheese- This might easily be the creamiest, most decadent Mac & Cheese I've ever had.
They use something similar to Velveeta Cheese to coat it, and I'm not slamming Velveeta.
It's so rich I couldn't finish it.
3.75*  Pecan Coleslaw- I'm very picky about my slaw; I don't want it too creamy, sweet, or bitter and this was absolutely perfect!
I also loved the crunch you get from the little pieces of toasted Pecan they add to the top--I'm definitely adding that to my slaw the next time I make it.
5*  Cornbread- Excellent mix of a Northern/Southern cornbread--it has the cakiness and slight sweetness if Northern, and the crust and stone-ground corn like a Southern; I could eat these everyday.
5*   Meat:  St. Louis Ribs- These might be the best St. Louis Pork Ribs (other than mine) that I've ever had!
The meat had a nice "tug" to it, but was still so tender, smokey and delicious!
5*  Beef Brisket- Juicy and flavorful this brisket was quite good--my only gripe is I wish it had a bit more smokiness to it.
4*  Pulled Pork- Another excellent job by BQ!
Juicy, smoky and porky (just like me!
) Everything you could want in Pulled Pork and then some.
I piggled (sic) the whole lot of it!
5*  Dessert:  Sugar-Cinnamon Donuts- They give everyone at the table these tiny little donuts that they make fresh up front and they're fabulous; they had me at "Cinnamon".
I guess you can just walk in and order a dozen for $3 if that's all your craving, too.
5*  Service & Ambiance- Good service from our server, Jessica.
She was on top of things without being annoying.
BQ is located in a building that looks like something you'd find in the middle of nowhere.
The interior is mostly brick and wood causing the noise level in there to be deafening by the end of the night.
They also keep it a bit too dark for my liking, but the decor is swell.
4*-service/3.5*-Ambiance  Value- The meals here are not a bad value, as my Three Meat Combo cost $22, but it's more than enough food for 2 people.
Even my piggy self couldn't finish it--but guess what's for breakfast?!
Snooch to the Nooch!
4*  I'm about to make a bold proclamation: I think BQ has *the* best BBQ I've ever had.
I don't make that statement lightly either--after all, I have a reputation to uphold.
I think this was easily the best meal I've had here in AZ, and that's saying something.
I can't wait for my next visit to the Valley of the Sun so I can visit DQ again.
If you ever find yourself in Phoenix, I highly, highly recommend making your way here--just make sure to make a reservation!

The interior is awesome the service is a wonderful it's very high-class very clean very welcoming in general it's really good barbecue I just have had far better barbecue for a lot cheaper.
I would definitely suggest it to someone but not before I suggest about three or four different barbecue places first.

Some of the best BBQ I've ever had.
The building itself has a great atmosphere.
Our waitress Chelsea was very sweet and attentive.
We hope to be back one day!

Had a great meal at Bobby Q while in Phoenix for the week.
It's tough to impress me with Q because of my long history of slow smoking meats in my ancient stick burner.
I started the meal with the Q rolls appetizer, let me say these are brilliant and amazingly good!!
They are basically brisket egg rolls that melt in your mouth, so light and crispy with a ton of flavor!!
I ordered the three meat combo with Pulled pork, Brisket and Baby Back ribs, my sides were the beans and the Mac-N-Cheese.
Brisket was super moist and tender as was the pulled pork, Baby Backs fell right off the bone but didn't taste over done at all.
Beans were good, not over powering as some Q places can make them, they are simple and good.
Mac n cheese was creamy and super cheesy, didn't finish them because I was stuffed to the gills by then!!
The little donuts at the end of the meal are so good, I wanted to take a bucket of them with me!
Service was great as well, Jason was my server and he did an epic job as I never went without iced tea, food was out quick and he was the one that talked me into the Q rolls.
If I lived here I would be a regular for sure!

We visited Bobby Q for the first time this week.
The food and service was great.
We ordered the ribs, chicken and brisket.
The ribs were fall-off-the-bone delicious.
The chicken was moist and flavorful.
The brisket was tender and cooked perfectly.
Our waiter was very attentive.
We will definitely go back!

We have saw the good reviews, so we decided to drop in and see it for ourselves.
We went to the to go side and ordered to take home.
I wish we wouldn't of waited so long.
I ordered the pulled pork with shoestring fries and corn on the cob.
My wife ordered the half rack ribs and same sides.
My pulled pork was delicious and the spicy BBQ sauce is now my favorite sauce I have tried here in Phoenix.
The ribs were awesome fall off the bone good.
the corn tasted smoked as well best I have ever had, and the cornbread was great.
By far the second best meat I have tried and best spicy BBQ sauce here back home love the volcano BBQ sauce at whole hog cafe.
Portions were just the right amount to fill you up.
Can't wait to try the sausage next time.

Not too many great BBQ places.
This one is wonderful.
Cornbread alone brings us back.

Hungry for BBQ?
Run, don't walk, to this place!
In from out of town and gave it a shot based on YELP.
Place was a huge hit with the entire family.
Great food...some of the best BBQ we've ever had.
Brisket rolls (Q rolls) as appetizer were fantastic.
We got the family deal for $28 on a Sunday and we had plenty of leftovers.
Cinnamon Sugar donuts (free) for desserts were a hit.
Service was fast and friendly.
We were seated quickly and all of our food and drinks ordered came to the table fast.
Decor is perfect - rustic but a little  upscale.
Highly recommend doing reservations off their website before going - there was a big wait by the time we walked out on a Sunday.
If we could give 6 stars we would - best restaurant experience we've had in years!!

Hands down, it is the best barbecue restaurant I have ever been at.
We were a party of six, and we ordered many different kinds of food and shared it all.
The catfish was our least favorite dish.
However, everything else was beyond amazing.
We all agreed that the corn, mac and cheese, and cornbread were the best things ever ...
Personally, I think their mac and cheese is the best mac and cheese dishes on earth :)

Great BBQ food...have to try the Brisket it's soo tender, melts in your mouth.
Great decor, chill ambience.
Our bartender Chelsea was very nice and attentive.

My wife and I have been going here for years.
The food is fantastic.
In house smoked meats are some of the best BBQ in town.
The steak and crab leg special on Saturdays is my favorite.
At $18.00 you can't go wrong.
Great beer selection clean glasses and always cold.
They strive for great service and we have always had a pleasant experience.
Highly recommend.

Let's start with the waitress.
Could she be more enthusiastic?
Probably not.
She was great.
Described the food like she was ordering for herself.
Then the cornbread.
Wow.
Best ever.
Period.
Everybody ordered something different so i won't include all the details, just the highlights.
Mac n' cheese.
EASILY the best I have ever eaten.
Let's talk ribs.
My daughter will not touch BBQ sauce.
She helped me gobble my ribs down with great enthusiasm.
Fall off the bone might be an understatement.
Service was great and surprisingly, the price was more than fair.
If you are a BBQ fan, this is a MUST TRY.

I have been there three times now because it is absolutely delicious!
The first time, I got the rotisserie chicken with grilled vegetables- both were outstanding!
I have also had the salmon, which was great and cooked perfectly.
I also went there with my family for a birthday celebration, so we all ordered various things.
The whole hog is great because it is a lot of food, and easily feeds 2 people.
The ribs are very tender, and the brisket is awesome!
Everything here is delicious, and this has definitely become one of my favorite places.
The cornbread is a great little appetizer, though I wouldn't eat too much because I prefer to save room for all of the BBQ!
Overall, the service is fantastic, and the food is awesome.
Also, the donuts at the end, are a great touch!
:-)  I would recommend this place to anyone!

This amazing place has been here what 30 35 years, maybe even longer.
They are still great, if not better than ever.
I have always liked the food here.
I just never seem to make it out to this part of town anymore.
If you are at Metro center or on the I17 headed south this is a great place to stop for Lunch or Dinner.
The meat here is wonderful!
I mean really good.
I love the Ribs, and the BBQ sauce is mighty fine.
It is always busy here, is it any wonder.
they are still serving up great food and great service.
I know that they have a lot of other things on the menu, but I always  get BBQ.
When you like it, don't change.
Full service bar and lots of parking.
Please do not drink and drive though.
Years ago the staff used to dress up in Costume, too bad they do not do that anymore.

My wife and I stopped at Bobby Q's because we were in that area of town and looking for something tasty for lunch on Yelp.
We found this place, which had several stellar reviews, and decided to give it a try.
I got the beef brisket sandwich and my wife got the pulled pork sandwich.
I had a side of fries and she got a side of macaroni and cheese.
Starting with mine, the beef brisket was amazing.
It was well seasoned, they used incredibly soft, super fresh, potato rolls for the buns, and the order came out hot.
The french fries were crisp and well seasoned.
The pulled pork that my wife had was good as well, however it was a little on the dry side, and probably could have used some more barbeque sauce.
The macaroni and cheese was really good, and some of the creamiest I've ever had.
As a starter, they also bring out cornbread which is hot, fresh and soft.
It was quite excellent.
For drinks we both got some of their specials.
The drinks were massive, well priced at only $10 apiece, and easily big enough to share!
Our waiter was Mateo, and he was really friendly and helpful.
If he's working, request him.
The restaurant itself had a huge outdoor covered seating area with fans and a fountain.
There was a nice breeze, and even though it was a hot day it was still comfortable to sit outside.
We really enjoyed this place, and would definitely go back.

I been coming here for around 6years.
The food is soooooo good I highly recommend any of their steaks and ribs.
The side dishes are bomb and their corn bread and donuts are to keep coming back from them.
The place is really nice but I usually do take out.
Matias at the take out cashier is great he always make sure the order is right and the everything is in there he also organizes the bag so nothing trips over on the way back home.

First time eating here.
I love it.
There is no way anyone can eat all of this food in one setting.
I'm completely speechless.
Everything I ate was delicious even the donuts that they give you at the end of the meal.
Ashlen is an excellent waitress!
Extremely friendly and knows the menu well.
I will definitely return, but the next time I'll make sure I have on my fat girl pants.

The service at this place is awesome!
I've been here a few times for lunch and dinner and every time I come here I've always enjoyed the service.
This place have the best BBQ by far in the Phoenix area!!
The cornbread is excellent and I don't even have to mention the award winning Mac and cheese!!
If you looking for a place to bring your family, friends, or significant other this is a nice place for a date or family gathering!

This place has some great BBQ, there's no other way to put it.
The serving size they give you per plate are huge, you'll more then likly be taking some of your meal home with you to enjoy later.
The brisket is what i would suggest, its amazing.

I  visit Phoenix frequently from Houston and I must say this place is one of the best.
From burgers to ribs you cannot go wrong with any entre at Bobby Q's.
Tonight I tried the smokehouse burger and was extremely impressed with the flavor and quality.
Portion size is it generous and the staff is top notch.
I always look forward to my next visit to Phoenix!

Really good bbq!
Generous portions and decent prices.
Outdoor seating has a nice ambiance.
My favorite meats were the baby back ribs and brisket.
Seems to be a very popular place as it can get very crowded at times so make sure to make a reservation!

The brisket and Mac and cheese..... YUM!
They slow cook the brisket for, I believe, 18 hours and it's so incredibly tender and flavorful.
The Mac and cheese also has  quite a few different cheeses...
Including velveeta?
YES PLEASE.
Personally, I think the cornbread is a little dry and the steak sandwich was just a huge disappointment.
I really don't think that one slice of garlic bread and a hunk of steak makes a sandwich.
And yes, it's ONE slice of garlic bread...
I just don't see that as a sandwich.
The mashed potatoes are great, make sure you get extra gray cause that's the best part.
If you want something as an appetizer, happy hour is from 4-8 and their 50% off...
The brisket quesadilla and spinach artichoke queso dip with garlic bread are the best ones on the menu if you ask me.
Give this place a shot, it's got great reviews for a reason.
Just don't get the steak sandwich.
Hahahah

Best ribs.
Pecan coleslaw is to die for as well.
This is where I always come if I want unparalleled too quality BBQ.
Service and staff are always on point and friendly.
I usually go for the platter and get a little of everything.

The brisk was tender and juicy.
The cornbread was sweet and the baked potato was cooked perfectly.
The service from Sara Hendricks was stellar.
By far, the best bbq joint I have been to in a long time.

This place is amazing!
I had the best BBQ ever....the ribs were do tender, the brisket melted in my mouth and the Mac n cheese was so good too!
Highly recommend this place.
The staff were attentive and Donny, the manager,  really cared that we were happy.

First time here it's an awesome place.. food is amazingly good.. service is outstanding.. a must place to eat.

This is without a doubt the best BBQ place I have ever had the pleasure of visiting!
Lucille's at Tempe Marketplace had been my favorite, but Bobby Q's is even better, and that's saying something!
From the time you are seated, the staff are friendly and attentive, even when the restaurant is packed (which is always).
The food is to die for, I've tried their ribs, and the pulled pork sandwich, both were superb!
The cornbread is amazing, I have to remind myself to save room for the actual meal.
Also, at the end of the meal, they bring you freshly-made, warm cinnamon-sugar donut holes to enjoy.
It's a bit far out location-wise, especially if you are in the Tempe/Mesa area, but for the best BBQ in Arizona, it's worth the drive!

Bobby Qs.
Bobbbbbbbbby Qs.
Where do I start.
The service, always great.
Manager/owner always stops at your table at least once to see how it's going.
They don't even give  a second thought to fix the smallest complaint if one exists.
The ribs are number one with the smokehouse burger(no salt) a close second.
The shoe string fries love accompanying both(again no salt).
The corn bread nicely introduces you, then the Q rolls or pizza with brisket fully loaded helps fill a section of your stomach up, and the entree knocks it out.
This place has made it so that every other bbq place sucks lol.
Go here order the ribs or burger and tell them to hold the salt.
Enjoy

I came here with my wife and daughter for Mother's day.
I gave my wife the choice of where to go and since she'd seen the interesting looking building countless times and BBQ sounded good, she chose Bobby Q's.
Upon our arrival without a reservation, we were greeted well by the hostess.
I was told the wait was 30 minutes if we wanted to sit inside, or immediate if we were ok on the patio.
I found this to be very reasonable considering we didn't have reservations.
The weather was good, so we chose the patio.
We chose their Q Rolls - brisket wrapped in some kind of pastry or roll.
Either way it was delicious.
The corn bread is amazing!
Unfortunately the table we sat at only had one set of silverware and a single plate.
More plates and silverware were not made available until we asked for them a second time right and right as our main courses were being brought out to us.
The menu was full of delicious sounding entrees.
The best option to my wife and I seemed to be the Whole Hog.
We chose brisket, sausage, St. Louis Ribs, and Beef Ribs.
All were good with the exception of the sausage.
Next time we will opt for the chicken or pork.
The quantity of food was generous.
I had leftovers for lunch the next day and it was quite good reheated as well.
About midway through our meal the waitress kept coming by an offering us to-go boxes for our leftovers.
It was clear we were still eating and this repeated many times.
The feeling of "get the hell out of here" was a bit unwelcome.
Refills on drinks were also slow to come and required stopping the waitress as she attended other tables.
I wish the service had been better, but the food was good.

We ordered the myriad of meats platter, and it was so much food we couldn't finish it just the two of us.
The flavor of the meat was super delicious so was the barbecue sauce.
The beer and cocktail menu was just the right size and had great options.
The vibe and ambience is very cool and unique.
A little bit of a corporate restaurant feel, but I like all the different size tables and chairs and the lighting was very nice at night.
The service was great and very attentive, they were helpful and polite.
She boxer our food, which is always nice, and gave us epically delicious, fresh cinnamon sugar mini donuts at the end.
Loved them!

Love the food.
Always fantastic.
Service is hit n miss.
Met my hubby here 18 years ago, when it was Bobby McGee's so it has a special place in our hearts.
Bobby Q's should follow the Ray Kroc motto- put your money on the talent(service).

This place rivals the Memphis rendezvous!!!
Some of the best BBQ, slaw and beans we have ever had!!
Impeccable service from the minute we walked in the door straight through to the end with our very satisfied bellys and tastebuds.
And thank you Emmy for the wonderful service!

Best BBQ in the valley!
Always great service too.

Love this place!!
The pulled pork and the brisket are above average.
That said, I couldn't find a smoke ring on the brisket.
The sweet sauce is very good.
The "tangy" is excellent.
IMHO, the best sides are the Ranch Beans and the Mac n Cheese....
But, the St Louis Ribs are the reason to eat at Bobby-Q!!
These baby back ribs are succulent and the meat falls right off the bone.
They have the right balance between rub and sauce.
The sweet and tangy flavors are what barbecue is supposed to be.
I couldn't find the smoke ring under the rub and the heavy sauce.
Sauce-less is not an option.
Order an extra cup of the tangy sauce...
The cornbread is moist; a remarkable achievement since most places it's dry as a bone.
Bobby-Q's cornbread is excellent and complimentary (Hint, hint to those from Nebraska who believe in charging for dinky little miniature cupcake-sized portions).
It's even better with the whipped butter and/or honey on top...  Our waitress was knowledgeable and her service was top-notch.
Our iced tea glasses were NEVER empty and she refilled the corn bread basket TWICE.
(Hint, hint Nebraska...)  My only REAL complaint is the handicapped parking situation.
The handicapped parking spaces are a couple hundred feet from the front door.
I try to park out back near the "Take-Out" door.
There are six spaces there.
These spaces are approx 75 ft from the dining room doors, but are NOT reserved for the handicapped.

This place rocks!
The food really is great and the atmosphere is so fun.
We tried the catfish, salmon, roasted chicken and the pulled chicken sandwich.
Everything was excellent, maybe the salmon just so-so.
The service was OK. Don't order dessert!
Free homemade donuts for everyone!!
Free cornbread as a starter, too.

While we were in town, I had a hankering for some ribs and thought I'd try this place based on the many positive reviews it garnered.
Location & Aesthetics - Located just off the I-17 somewhere I believe in the Glendale area of Phoenix.
Lots of available parking in an enclosed private lot.
The place has a rustic look and feel to it.
Very spacious inside, clean including the bathrooms, and well lit.
Menu - menus were quite extensive though my wife and I already knew what we wanted as we had a chance to review their menu online before meeting our friends there.
Menu was self-explanatory and easy to find what one needed, not too overwhelming.
Service - The staff was very friendly.
We were greeted immediately upon entering and was shown a large table to accommodate my wife and I including our friends who had two boys with them.
I did have a gripe with the table we were seated at as it was a bit wobbly and thankfully my wife noticed too.
It wasn't too bad to shift our meals around so no loss on the ratings.
Before the meals are brought, they do serve some cornbread with butter in the meantime and though I didn't try it, my wife said it was tasty, delicious, and not too dry or too greasy.
Food - I ordered the full rack of baby back ribs with vegetables and roasted corn.
Initially when I first saw the full rack of ribs I thought I wouldn't be able to eat it but I surprised myself.
My ribs was well cooked and was practically falling off the bone.
It was soft, tender, and juicy and you could even taste the smokiness to the meat.
The roasted corn was well seasoned, more than enough and came in a bowl.
The roasted vegetables that I ordered was lacking and only consisted of a few vegetable that looked like it was about a tablespoonful.
(-1) My wife ordered the three-meat dish and it was so much that we had to take a bag back to the hotel.
She did comment on how well and delicious it was.
Rating - 3/5.
The restaurant loses another star/rating based on a small issue.
After the bills were brought to the table and the waitress ran my credit card, I asked if I can use my Yelp coupon and she stated that I couldn't do so as "the card had already been run" which I don't believe.
I couldn't see why she couldn't cancel it and re-run the card with the coupon.
(-1) Despite the 3/5, it's definitely a place I'd like to come back to try some of their pulled pork sandwiches which is what my friends had and looked absolutely delicious!

hmm.. well Bobby Q didn't put a Q on my face ?
what?
sorry that doesn't make no sense...
This BBQ joint is way over rated.
and not worth the calories nor the money.
Customer services is awesome, fast and quick.
They have a full Bar with awesome beers too.
I mean their starters were a lot better than their main dishes.
I enjoyed some of the starters i.e.
Corn bread  Onion block  and  Q-rolls (amazing)   We also of course ordered their famous pork baby back ribs, a full one with fries.
It felt like the ribs were cooked before smoked and just didn't deliver the taste I once had back home (san diego).
That is the problem once you taste the best ribs, its hard to accept others.
People might find Bobby Q the best ribs and thats fine too, but for me being some what expert rib maker and fan, found it to be just average.

Awesome BBQ, good ambiance and great service.
One of the best happy hours also... Love this place.

Best Barbecue in AZ, quit reading this and go get some smokey ribs and steaks!!!
Super smokey deliciousness, try the sangria (you're welcome) you also get homemade donuts for free to take home and enjoy later cause you have no room left in you're tummy from all the steak, baby back ribs, pulled pork and juicy chicken...

My husband and I tried this place last weekend and I'm so glad that we did.
Their food was great and so was the service.
My husband ordered brisket and ribs and he was in heaven after he finished eating.
The portions of food are very decent for the price.
We will definitely be going back to this place again.
If you're a fan of this type of food then I definitely recommend giving this place a try.

Went to Bobby Q tonight and really enjoyed it.
My partner and I started with house salads which were very fresh and tasty.
Then we shared the 3 meat sampler dinner and I am glad we shared, the portions are rather large.
Our dinner came with your choice of two sides.
We shared the baby back ribs, pulled pork and brisket; our sides were mac and cheese and beans.
The cornbread and the doughnuts at the end were quite enjoyable.
Everything was delicious.
The great thing was that since we told them we were sharing, they split the dinner on two plates so we didn't have to do that at the table.
We decided to only eat half of our dinner so that we could order dessert.
The dessert was good but not anything really special.
We had the apple cobbler.
The menu said peach and I would have enjoyed that more.
It was good.
Overall our evening was very nice.
The service was amazing and the place has nice ambience.
We will definitely be back.

They were so friendly here and the food was delicious.
A bit expensive but it was worth it.
We'll be back.

Family and I are from St. Louis and we were on vacay and I checked yelp for the most popular place for BBQ and OMG I'm so happy we came here !
I made a reservation and when we got there no wait or delay .. Every one was friendly!
I've been a waitress before and the one we had was AWESOME please ask for Chelsea when you go!
Very sweet and knows what she's talking about!..
Recommendations were on point ..
The food was to die for!
Ribs fell right off the bone, Mac n cheese was great, everything was just OMG!
My friends and family couldn't stop raving about it!!!
Even tho Chelsea was waiting on us, others would ask how we were doing and the manager came and made sure we were doing good.
When we come visit phoenix az again this will be our most go spot!
Thank you for the great experience guys!
Thank you Chelsea, when we come back well ask for you!
***Liana P***

One of my favorite restaurants in the Valley!
Service is always wonderful.
The meats are always tasty and tender (I think my husband and I have tried every option!
) and the sides never disappoint.
I dislike cornbread but theirs is AMAZING!
I also usually get the Sangria, which is pretty good.
All in all I think it's always been worth the wait (it gets busy on the weekends, just like everywhere else) and the money.

Really really good service by Victoria!
The food was good to!
I had to meet special I had Louisiana style ribs and the roasted beef.
You need to try the macaroni and cheese is incredible and the roasted corn is great!
I did the 10% checking offer so make sure you do that  too.

The food was awesome, the atmosphere was great, and service was perfect.
We really enjoyed the chicken, beef ribs, pork ribs and brisket that we had.
The only let down was the corn bread which was kinda dry.
The special (forget the name) margarita was ok... not all the waitress chalked it up to be but she didn't look old enough to drink so maybe that was the issue there.
Ill get the thing in the pineapple I see pictures of next time.
Its a little tough to find, but with GPS it was not too bad.
Service was really great, our waitress was on top of it.
A manager even came and asked if there was anything he could do for us.
We forgot at the end of the meal to show our yelp discount and they reversed our charges and added the discount, no problem.
We will definitely make it a regular spot!
Only thing I was a little confused about is there seems to maybe be a bar on the back of the restaurant?
We looked for it but couldn't seem to find a way in...

Short version: The food is delicious and the service is wonderful!
5 stars.
Long version:   Ambiance: i was impressed with this restaurant as soon as we stepped in.
It reminds me of the Lucille's BBQ chain in decor and ambiance - classy yet family friendly, with southern comfort and hospitality.
Their menu even has a truck on the cover.
Service: Excellent.
All of the waitstaff was attentive and courteous.
Our waitress explained the history of the restaurant to us since we told her we were first time visitors.
When our party of three told her we were planning on splitting a whole rack of baby back ribs, we assumed we would get a large plate of whole ribs and then three plates.
Instead, we got three separate plates portioned with 3 equal parts of ribs and the sides distributed evenly as well.
Such an unexpected and very much appreciated gesture, considering that ribs are messy enough as it is!
Food: AMAZING!
Sweet Tea ($2): Refreshing and sweet, but not in excess.
Corn Bread (free): The only thing served that I didn't enjoy.
If you like dense, oily cornbread "patties", this might be your thing.
Cajun Shrimp ($11): The shrimp is marinated in cajun seasonings and beer and it is accompanied by garlic bread.
The slightly alcoholic flavor paired well with the shrimp and cajun spices and the garlic bread was buttery, crispy, and not overwhelmingly flavored.
Baby Back Ribs ($26): The best bbq I've ever had in my life!
To be fair, I'm not a huge bbq connoisseur, but the ribs are succulent, tender, flavorful and the bbq sauce adds a tangy flavor.
The meat falls clean off the bone.
Shoestring fries (comes with ribs): They are extra skinny and salted to perfection - my favorite type of fries.
Scrumptious.
Mac & cheese (comes with ribs): Creamy, cheddary with a delicious consistency.
The BEST kind of mac and cheese to accompany a rack of ribs.
Thank Q Donuts: When you leave, they give you fresh, warm cinnamon donuts - and a lot too!
They gave us 6 for our party of 3.
An awesome touch.
This will be my new go-to bbq joint from now on :)  Tip: If you check in with yelp or foursquare and tell your waitress, they will give you 10% off your entire check.
Be sure to tell the waiter before you ask for the check!

Bobby Q has a rustic, Western vibe with a music selection customary of a traditional BBQ joint.
The play on words for the restaurant's title was what caught my attention but I came into Bobby Q with my sister and boyfriend since we were craving some good BBQ.
We ordered the Cajun Shrimp appetizer to start.
The shrimp is sauteed in beer; this was the standout factor for me in this dish because I could actually taste the flavor of the beer, which complemented nicely with the Cajun seasoning and butter.
We ordered the Full Baby Back Rib BBQ Platter to split 3 ways.
You can choose from a list of sides such as mac and cheese, shoestring fries, ranch beans, mashed potatoes and pecan cole slaw.
We decided to get mac and cheese and shoe string fries.
I was expecting to be given additional plates to pick off the rib platter but our waitress was kind enough to have the kitchen split the dish on 3 separate plates, with a portion of mac and cheese and shoe string fries on each plate.
Right when I started cutting my ribs, the meat fell cleanly off the bone.
The 22 hour smoking process yields amazing results because the meat was moist, tender and just plain heavenly!
The BBQ sauce was tangier than most but was delicious.
My sister even loved the ribs and she's not a huge meat person.
Lastly, what made the experience worthy of the 5 star rating was the service.
The service was PHENOMENAL!
Our waitress, Kessa, was informative on the restaurant's history (they used to be Bobby McGee's!
) and their smoking process (the meat is smoked for up to 22 hours).
In addition, the manager/restaurant owner personally came up to our table to see how we were enjoying our food.
Our waitress was also sweet enough to bring us a half dozen complementary cinnamon donuts to end our meal!

Bobby Q was excellent for Father's Day lunch.
Service was excellent and the food was the best BBQ ever!
This is the best BBQ in Arizona!
Yummm

Good staff, great drinks, good BBQ.

My boyfriend was in the mood for prime rib today so I did a goggle search for places in our area.
One of the listings that came up was Bobby Q.
Based on the name and description as a BBQ restaurant, we were a bit unsure, but decided to trust the fantastic reviews.
The service- Our server Amberlee (please forgive if misspelled) was pleasant, knowledgable about the menu items, and sooo attentive.
Our iced teas never got lower than half full and she was always near if we needed anything.
One of the managers even came to the table after we got our meal to ask how everything was.
On a scale of 1-10 for service, I'd definitely give a 10.
The food- In one word, WONDERFUL.
Amberlee brought out corn muffins right after she took our order, which were not only moist but super tasty.
When our prime rib arrived, mine was the 10oz end cut and his was the 14oz medium rare, we were astonished by the portions which were MASSIVE.
The meal came with two choices of sides- mine were the loaded(bacon, cheese, sour cream, butter and chives) and roasted corn(corn on the cob roasted on the grill, then the kernels are shaved off and sauted in butter) while my boyfriend had the mashed potatoes with the white gravy on the side as well as the roasted corn.
Everything was perfect- the prime rib was seasoned just right with creamy horseradish and au jus and the sides complimented the meat perfectly.
Once the plates had been cleared, Amberlee returned with a bag of complimentary doughnuts to go.
We were so stuffed, but truly appreciated the gesture.
The check was approximately $55 for both meals and two iced teas which wasn't bad for what we got.
Not only great food, but fantastic service.
We are planning on returning and telling all our friends how wonderful Bobby Q is!

Good food, I wanna say decent service.. Waiter came by and commenced by greeting us and took our drink order, he didn't come back.
Instead another younger kid came over and said "hi I'll take care of you, the other guy got flustered and is gone"!
We didn't ask why or what but you must admit that's a bit weird no?
Anyway this new waiter kid was good, he did take good care of us in the end :)  Um the food was ok, good, decent, average.. No negative remarks about the actual food or even the place.
I guess the only downfall is that it's located In a ghetto-esque neighborhood.
And also they are overpriced.
To me they are charging as if they are a fine dining spot, which they are not.
It's a casual restaurant in a Not so great location.
So yea no.
I might go back for a mai tai one day as That was the highlight of my evening there.
Thanks.

What a find!
Being Southern, I was skeptical at first about finding good Southern food in Arizona.
We drove up and parked in the adjacent parking lot, and were surprised that the entrance was on the other side of the building!
But the rustic looking building was attractive on the outside, and when we entered we were surprised at how classy looking the inside was.
We were seated earlier than our 7:00 p.m. reservation on Open Table at comfortable booths that had movable banquettes on each side-- booths are sometimes a problem for me due to my size, but problem solved!
We of course had to order the local specialty draft, Bobby-Q's Amber Ale from Sonora Brewing, and we both enjoyed our pints, accompanied by sweet corn bread muffins, which my wife said were made from Jiffy mix, which we both love anyway.
We then selected the onion block, accompanied by a delicious Bobby-Q sauce for dipping, and we could not eat it all and brought about a third of it home.
Lightly battered and delicious.
We then chose to split the combination platter at the recommendation of our super friendly and attentive waiter, Jason, and he was so right because we even took part of that home too.
The one we chose had both of our favorites on it,  baby back ribs for me and fried catfish filet for my wife.
The catfish was perfect and savory, and the ribs fell off of the bones--honestly, I did not use my knife to separate them, just my fork.
For our sides we chose ranch beans, simmered with pork shreds and delish, and pecan cole slaw, which I don't eat but my wife wanted to try.
She liked the slaw, but the chopped pecans were just sprinkled on top and were not as good as those we have in Georgia.
Jason brought us a box for the leftover onion loaf and a rib, along with a short small brown bag, cut off and imprinted with "THANK YOU" on it, containing four little cute fried sugar donuts, a nice touch.
The manager came by near the end of our meal to ask how everything was, and we praised the food and Jason's service.
A beautiful night out and we felt like we were back in the South!

If your a true BBQ lOVER as I am this is the one to visit!
I've had the ribs, pulled pork, and brisket and it's all good.
I've drive out of my way and don't mind passing other by on the way.
A little pricey but we'll worth it, I'll definitely be back again and again two thumbs up

GREAT FOOD, GREAT PLACE, especially in the evening.
This is not for kids or babies, this is place for romance and dancing.
The staff is wonderful, enjoy the food, make sure you get their mac and cheese they won an award for it.
The salads, ribs and everything is to die for.

My fiance and I were SPEECHLESS.
It was nothing short of PERFECTION.
We were greeted by the friendliest staff, the food was beyonddd amazing.
Everythibg is made from scratch so if you don't finish your food, expect to get the best quality left overs for the day after.
We got the combo deal with two one half ribs two one half meats and three choices of sides.
This is a one of a kind bbq place worthy of the travel and food networks.
I'll be back soon.

For me, best barbecue around.
Next closest is Franklin's in of Austin Texas.
They work hard on the quality and it is always very tasty.

A girlfriend of mine wanted to give this place a try.
I personally shy away from BBQ spots as they generally are overpriced, they over-sauce and under produce according to my BBQ standards.
However, this place is good and I will definitely return.
We decided on the Whole Hog Heaven as we are East Valley folk and although we plan on returning it may be a while, so a sample of everything is what we were aiming for.
We chose the baby backs and St. Louis for ribs and sausage and brisket for our other meat options.
For sides we ordered the Mac and Cheese, which was delicious by the way, fries, ranch beans and an extra side of roasted corn.
The meal came with cornbread.
The food was delicious and plentiful.
The ribs were tender, meat falling off the bones.
The brisket was good but I have had better.
The sausage was tasty but nothing spectacular.
All of the sides were tasty.
I left there with a full belly, a hefty to go bag and no compliant.
I will be back.

We came here because I wanted to try something different.
This place had very good reviews on Yelp so I thought I would give it a try and I'm glad I did.
Bobby Q had really great food, service and an all around great experience.

I love this place!!!!!
Great pricing on Food!
Wonderful costumer service and I love the experience I get when I'm there !
The food is amazing !!!!

My reason for the low rating is due to misinformation about their happy hour buffet regulations.
I did some researching before heading last night and nowhere did I read about an age restriction in order to partake in the section where they hold the buffet.
So when my husband and I and our friends, who had a baby with them tried going in we were shocked to learn we wouldn't be allowed to go in because we had a baby with us.
Yet none of this information was posted any where so we were all surprised.
Also the fact that there was no manager present did not help our situation, what place doesn't have a manager present at all times?
What made things worst was how the host who went by choo choo came off to us as rude when dealing with our situation.
We had a big group of friends waiting for us at the patio, where we could of easily been seated but had to turn away and leave our friends because they refused to let us go in.
Disappointing costumer service to say the least.

The nicest staff you'll ever meet, great food and real southwest atmosphere!
You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
Ribs (full rack), Steak and Cajun Shrimp a must!
Start off with the onion block and then enjoy some cornbread as well prior to your entree.
The portions are large and the side dishes (2) come with each entree.
So be careful how much you order- maybe one entree and some apps.
Sit inside or outside and use Open Table for no waiting!
A win win for all the family!!

I love their Sunday special--they certainly don't hold back on the meat part (you get chicken, ribs, brisket and pulled pork); but they skimp on the sides.
This is the second time we've had sides that do not even come close to filling the containers--the mac and cheese was short at leas an inch from the top.
We had four of us and each got a tablespoon (and a little one at that).
I even told the gal who took the order to make sure the side containers were full; but I guess she didn't.
The next time, I'm going to open the containers while I'm there and make sure they don't fall short.

This place is great!
I had prime rib yummm plus great service.
I'm a big fan now.
Me and my husband went there for our anniversary and both loved it.
The area isn't great but the food is worth it.

Holy Jesus it feels like I'm back in Texas when I'm eating here.
Bobby Q's has the best barbeque in Arizona, hell in the world.
I'm from Texas so I'm kinda picky when it comes to brisket, but Bobby Q's is the only place that does brisket justice in Arizona.
Check this place out!

I am visiting from Portland Oregon and this is the best BBQ I have ever been to!
I love the roasted corn along with the St. Louis ribs.

Jack was an excellent server.
Being that we were first-timers at Bobby-Qs, he was very thorough and was very attentive.
I had the filet, while the rest of the family had brisket and pulled pork.
One word to describe ...
DELICIOUS!
And the hot cinnamon sugar donuts when we got our bill topped off our great meal.
Will be back again!
Be sure to check-in on Yelp to get a discount on your bill at check out too!

Delicious food!
Best BBQ I've probably ever eaten.
Great atmosphere and service!
Reasonably priced considering portion size and quality!
Will be back for sure!

The food was great, but wasn't good enough to make up for the service.

My boyfriend and I went to Bobby Q's last night for the first time because a friend recommended them.
We chose to sit on the patio which was a great choice as we had a pretty quiet meal.
The mister's and the fans kept the area nice and cool even though it was close to 110 out.
We were promptly greeted by one of the best waitresses I've ever had the pleasure to be served by.
She did her best trying to gently upsell us as is expected at restaurants these days, though she was far from being pushy.
The food was a little expensive in my opinion which is the reason for the 4 stars, though I probably would have gone 4 and a half because it truly was some of the best barbecue you could have.
Not a long wait either!
All in all it was a great experience, but as a warning, try and beat the dinner rush or you'll end up waiting for a long time.
It's a pretty popular place.

on our way home from visiting family in Sedona, my lover and I thought it would be a good idea to stop in Phoenix to grab food before we drive back to California.
Getting out of the heat without walking into an icebox made the meal very relaxing.
our server Justin made sure to help us out with some amazing suggestions as well as made sure we never ran out of water or cornbread.
I ended up getting a two meat combo of baby back ribs and some brisket.
The brisket shredded easily and I couldn't pick up my ribs by the bone, absolutely delicious.
As for my lover she picked out the 10oz rib eye aged 60 days...outstanding.

So we went to Bobby's tonight with my family.
Been in Phoenix since November and this it's hands down the best bbq I've had.
Tonight's experience was outstanding.
We got there 7 minutes before close and asked if we would still be able to order.
The young man's reply who was working the counter...
'ABSOLUTELY!
' I have a thing for their cornbread and dude hooked us up.
So we pay and leave...and when we get outside, car trouble.
I go to ask if it would be possible to leave it until the morning because no matter what we do, we can't get it started.
Dude says, sure but let me see if I can give you a jump...talk about full service.

Took the family out for BBQ.
We decided on Bobby Q's.
First visit, Really great food.and super service, we arrived and the BBQ smoke smell just tells you it's gonna be good.
We had a party of  6 adults and 4 kids.
Everybody got, just what they wanted, prime rib, rib combos, bugers and catfish.
the food was terrific.
That alone was worth the trip from Chandler.
The service was the best I can ever remember, the waiter Cody was like Houdini.
He would show up before you even thought of what you needed, very personable and made sure everybody got exactly what they wanted and kept the drinks  full all meal.
This guy was a super star, and I'm really a grump if my glass is empty.
He made a great meal a fantastic meal.
The corn bread was a real kid pleaser and the  mac & cheese disappeared as fast as it arrived.
We are planning to be back soon with some friends and hope Cody is working.
Well Done... Well Done!

