Captain Bill's, a seafood restaurant set just outside of "downtown" Madison, WI was an excellent discovery.
The inside reminds you of an old ship with wood paneled walls, fishing nets, buoys and other nautical paraphernalia.
One room features a large central fireplace that creates cozy setting on freezing Wisconsin nights, and there is also a seasonal outdoor patio that provides pretty views of Lake Mendota.
The food is excellent, and reasonably priced for the amount and quality that you're given.
I've tried several of their entrees (king crab legs, the steak, shrimp sampler etc) and have never been disappointed.
For those not interested in seafood they also offer a variety of chicken and pasta dishes.
If you go you MUST get the clam chowder, crab cakes and coconut shrimp.
They're award-winning and featured on the Food Network for a reason!
Go to Captain Bill's.
It's excellent.

We received a "free entree" gift certificate to Captain Bill's when we moved to the area, so...why not?
The location is nice, a view of the water(although a narrow view).
We were told 30-45 minutes for inside 1 1/2 hours for outside(it WAS Friday night).
We chose inside, and wandered to the bar.
I asked for a spicy bloody mary(which I was somewhat disappointed in.
Not spicy, and not too...hm...what's the word...GOOD), and our lobster-shaped pager --oh yes--lit up within ten minutes.
We DID get a table by the window which was nice.
The rosemary ciabatta rolls were great(which they serve with homemade butters), and the chowder was packed with goodness(although a bit too rich for me).
My boyfriend got the Capital Amber Fish Fry(haddock) which we both liked, and great pub-style fries on the side.
I chose the Crab Cakes"featured on the Food Network", it boasts.
Eh.
They were decent.
Not boast-worthy.
Not to mention that they came atop a lake of some cream sauce, which I would have preferred on the side.
Decent food, not too pricey, fair service.
I'll give it another go(mostly because we have another certificate now, too).

This is a great place to get pretty good seafood in a Mid-Western town.
I'd say it's similar to Red Lobster, but better in nearly every way.
They recently changed their menu, but I know the previous menu provided lots of food for a reasonable price.
Really great clam chowder.

Sigh.
Went here to use Gift Certificate Number Two the other night.
So mediocre.
We were seated at the SAME table, and had the SAME waiter(which was kind of weird...)  I ordered the Cajun Walleye, and was totally bummed.
Either I didn't read the menu well, or it didn't actually say "over-cooked flavorless fillet drizzled with thousand-island like goo".
For whichever reason, I was so disappointed.
Chris had the Capitol Fish Fry again, which was good.
His mom had the ribs, which she said were tasty...but she might have just been polite.
Who knows.
The bread was still yummy, and I had a side salad instead of chowder, which was fresh, and garnished with a jumbo shrimp.
Nice touch.
I guess I'll just be going here for the "Fish Fry"  that Chris has had from now on...

An excellent seafood restaurant, family-owned by three brothers, set on a lake.
Nice setting, spacious with dark, atmospheric nautical decor - very nice!
This is a much more personal experience than a chain.
The coconut shrimp is a must.
Great bar with a big open firepit, warm and cozy on cold winter days.
Outdoor seating, free parking lot, so much more spacious than the LA restaurants I usually see.
A definite yes!

From this Fall..... Ah, our 1st choice was closed so when we got to the front door of Captain Bill's  and discovered it was locked, I was really hungry and willing to go for fish and chips at Long John Silver.......or even a burger joint..... but WAIT.........a man with keys saw us and opened the door.
He explained that they didn't really open for another half hour but saw us outside while passing by...."if we didn't mind waiting in the bar for a bit..."  Turned out to be a GREAT IDEA.
Nautical themed with a GREAT view of the lake through large picture windows (and outside seating when warmer), a flying saucer-shaped fireplace in the middle of the room, and a bartender who dropped his setting-up-routine to serve us instantly....and on the house too!
"I think we can suffer through the wait" I said to my friend, wishing HE was a SHE.
Perfect romantic environment.
So while wistfully gazing out at the lake and dreaming of imaginary female companions, Mr. Key Man returned with a plate of munchies from the fryer, "to tide us over, on the house.
"  Maybe I'll never leave this place, I thought.
Wonder if they serve breakfast?
(NO, they don't.
)   Well another beer or two and time passed quickly.
The place was filling up fast so we dashed into the dining room.
Same beautiful views.
Clam chowder was A-1, coconut shrimp as well.
My walleye was hot and flaky and seasoned perfectly.
He apparently like his crab since he couldn't converse with a constantly filled mouth.
I don't get the reference to Red Lobster from another reviewer, and the others who were disappointed (ok, I admit my rice was overcooked)...and while it may be pricey by Madison standards, I found it rather reasonable by Chicago standards.
Besides, you can see the other side of their lake if you squint past my imaginary girlfriends......try doing THAT in Chicago.

Bummer  This evening we tried Captain Bill's for perhaps the third time in the last five years.
The promise of a $10 discount from our member card for Wisconsin Public Radio motivated us to try it again even though our prior experiences have not been good.
Alas, history repeats itself.
My wife had the coconut shrimp; they were large enough but overcooked.
My grilled Mahi Mahi would have embarrassed Long John Silvers.
Well, maybe not, but certainly Joey's does better for a less money.
The broccoli was ok, only slightly overdone, but the rice was horrid.
The one plus was the dinner salad.
It the summer Captain Bill's has outdoor seating with a obstructed view of Lake Mendota.
In short, if you want to see the Lake and eat fish you'd be better off to pick up a tuna sandwich at Subway and go to Mendota Park just a few blocks away.

My family came here for my husband's birthday - what a disaster!
We were seated by a table by the window, overlooking the lake (everything good so far...).
The trouble started early when we had to 15 minutes for the waitress to come to take our drink orders.
Another 20 minutes for the drinks to arrive.
And after our drinks arrived yet another 10 minutes before she came back to take our order.
40 minutes after we ordered we got salads/soups.
I got a salad, which was good.
My husband got the chowder - which was amazing!
We were left with our salad plates sitting in front of us for the 20 minutes it took our food to arrive.
And we kept having to go refill our drinks at the bar since our waitress was nowhere to be found.
The food was good, the coconut shrimp was amazing.
But the lack of customer service made even the good food feel overpriced - and it wasn't even busy!
There were only three other tables!
Plus after the meal we all sat and talked for 30 minutes or so, with our dirty dishes in front of us the entire time.
Our waitress brought the check, and picked it up - all while leaving our dirty plates in front of us and didn't offer us coffee or desserts.
If we go back it will be on a day when we are neither thirsty nor hungry when we first arrive - because by the time we get food/water we will undoubtedly be dying.
It's really a pity because if the service were better we definitely would have already been back for some chowder and coconut shrimp!

The atmosphere is fun, especially if you have kids, but the food is only ok.
They also do have a great view of the lake.

It's yummy but VERY rich food, it makes me sick usually and I am usually full after just a cup of clam chowder.

Best way to sum it up is BLAH....
Nothing exciting here.
We went twice because we like their other restaurants but were not impressed with the bland and boring menu selections

This is one of the best sea food restaurants in the entire United States.
The food is great and so is the service.
On my last visit, I had the coconut shrimp, loaded baked potato, salad and lobster tail and it was all off the charts!
The salad was fresh and had a couple of jumbo shirmp in it.
They also had tasty warm bread with a choice of 4 home made spreads to put on it.
If I could give this place 100 stars I would.
I have been going here for many years and this placed has remained consistent and solid in its excellence.
This place is very lovely and sits on the lake which gives you a great view.
In the winter there is a really cool fire place with a table around it.
(Did I just say "cool fire"?
LOL).
My only regret is that in recent visits I noticed that they no longer have their delicious Oysters Rockefeller on the menu.

Yep, I signed up for Yelp specifically to review this place...  My wife and I have 4 daughters, and we rarely get a chance to get out of the house.
We called all over to reserve a table for restaurants participating in "Restaurant Week", and none of them were available for our time slot besides Captain Bill's.
So we went, and it was easily the worst dining experience we've ever had in Madison, and we've both lived here for 20+ years...  She went for the steak ordered medium rare, and it came to her completely raw on the inside.
Trust me, I'm a cook, and I know the difference.
This is NOT just an uninformed consumer who has no idea.
I got a lobster tail that came with no butter, and tasted like the outside of crab shells smell.
The best part of the meal was the clam chowder, which came in a coffee cup.
The service was very unattentive and slow, even though it wasn't even busy.
While I went to the rest room, my wife informed me that one of the young servers came out, put a plate down for a woman, then licked some food off his hand on the way back to the kitchen.
I'm not being a jerk here, but this was bad.
Especially for the restaurant week prices which was $25 per person and I'm very sure we would have been better off going anywhere else on the list.
What I've heard from other people since I've told them about our experience is that "the fish frys are good".
I'll never know.

Great food.
Great service.
Great (snowy) view but was cozy inside.
We came during restaurant week and I am glad we did.
We will definitely be back.
We both had steak and it was done to perfection, I had medium rare and my partner had medium.
Both steaks were perfect.
Great experience!

Terrible.
Do not waste your time.
The entire "family" of restaurants (Naughty Gal, Cap Bills, Mariner's Inn) are all overrated, in fact poor.
If you think their "award winning" clam chowder is even palatable, you have never had good clam chowder.

Coconut shrimp Salad with balsamic  Grilled scallops Tropical mahi mahi Key lime pie  Chocolate mousse with macadamia nuts Two mojitos $84

Chef Adam and Robert Von Rutenberg are awesome.
They have turned the restaurant into an amazing experience- everything from the indoor seated round table fire pit, to the outdoor dining, to the excellent food- it's a fun place to go.
The clam chowder is the best in the area, the crab cakes are sumptuous, the Friday Fish Fry always contains nice surprise options that they fly in fresh, and the service really is wonderful.
Disregard previous reviews from years ago- the entire staff has been replaced, the Chef is new, as is the management.
Robert, like his beloved mother Betty, will go out of his way to insure that your dining experience is phenomenal.
They are a locally owned business, and I look forward to dining there with my significant other.
We love the place!
In regards to "recent" bad reviews.....I'm stumped.
I've never had a bad experience.

Moved to Madison 2 months ago and we've been here 3 times.
Not because of the food, mostly for the lake view.
Never again.
On our last visit, I had to send my trout back.
It was bad.
Not bad like I didn't like it, bad like I'm going to be in the hospital if I eat this.
The waitress proceded to tell me I didn't know what "truly fresh trout tastes like"!!!!!
This place is a waste of lake front property.
Why doesn't Madison have any good restaurants on the water?

We are from out-of-town and we stayed in Madison for two days.
Captain Bill's was good, but pricey.
The view was great!
Best clam chowder ever, hands down!
Amazing chocolate moose type pie.
We'll return in the future!

Service was horrible.
We had to hunt down our server so we could pay and leave this place.
We were there about 3 years ago and the food was awesome.
Took some friends there last night for the first time and were appalled at how far they have fallen.
Clam Chowder was awful and not clam chowder.
Restaurant week choices were not good and the only thing that was tolerable was the lobster tail.
The one waitress said we could smoke on the deck after she said she checked with the owner (because she was new) but then the manager came out and said there was an ordinance against it even though there was ashtray by the side where the employees obviously smoke on the deck.

Could be so much better!

Food was pretty good.
Staff was friendly.
Was expecting the food to be better, but it was still ok

We went for a birthday dinner and were greeted warmly and seated at window seat.
All the staff were friendly and the service was excellent.
I had the surf and turf....Well worth the price.
And of course I started with THE most wonderful clam chowder outside of The East Coast.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

The Wife and I went to Captain Bill's with friends in late August.
We had heard that the food would not impress us, but that the view of the lake would be worth trying the place.
WRONG.
Let me start with the view.
The little bit of the lake that we could see was, well, pretty lame.
It definitely was not an impressive view, so that reason for going was no longer valid.
The food.
Oh, the food.
It was, quite literally, the worst food that The Wife and I have had in years.
I ordered the shrimp scampi (since it's a seafood restaurant), only to be told that the pasta would count as one of my sides.
WHAT?
Shrimp scampi ALWAYS comes on pasta, but Captain Bill's nickle and dimed me on the pasta?
Lame.
Oh, and the pasta was so completely undercooked that I ended up only having 2 small bites before pushing it away in disgust.
I mean, it wasn't even close to being cooked as much as "al dente.
"  The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.
We will never go back to Captain Bills, and I do not recommend that you do, either.

Great foccacia with 3 different flavors of butter (garlic, pumpkin spice, port wine).
Loved the coconut shrimp and the house-made cocktail sauce.
The clam chowder was intensely rich -- too rich for me, and rather like the peanut butter of clam chowders.
Nice and chunky though -- they don't skimp on the clams.
We got the seafood sampler for an appetizer; the fried calamari was light, crisp, but a little too salty.
The crab cake texture was fantastic, but the flavor a bit mayo-y.
Also had the lobster pot pie, which was a little overcooked but tasted OK.
Went on a quiet weekday night.
Clientele mostly elderly; cute, themed ambiance.
Plenty of parking.
We'll probably go again, but only because we missed out on the view (it was already dark), and steer clear of the intensely rich/creamy menu items!

My boyfriend and I picked this as our date night place for the month.
To start off I got the Kara Kolada drink.
I tasted rum...and rum...and maybe some pineapple.
If you like rum, definitely get this drink!
We got the Cheese Curds for an appetizer (it's real hard to mess up cheese curds!).
The cheese curds themselves were alright, but the Parmesan peppercorn dipping sauce was fantastic.
The ciabatta bread they give to the table came with three flavored butters, garlic rosemary, pumpkin spice and cheddar.
The pumpkin spice did not taste like pumpkin at all, but the garlic butter was really tasty.
If you are going to get any dish here, please get the escolar special.
It is hands down the best fish dish I have ever had (and I have tried my fair share of fish dishes).
The flavors are absolutely phenomenal and it literally melts in your mouth.
The lake perch fish fry was also delicious, but a little awkward to eat since they butterfly it and some of the pieces were pretty big.
They had the whole restaurant decorated for Christmas which I love.
If you call to make a reservation (which probably isn't needed in winter, we went on a Friday night at 6:30 and there was plenty of space), tell them you want to sit near the GIANT fireplace.
Beware of getting too warm though!
All in all, the flavors were good and the prices were reasonable for the amount of food you got.
Our service was quick, even though the waitress seemed really busy.

We went for our anniversary dinner and were treated to another wonderful meal and exceptional service.
The coconut  shrimp and the mahi mahi were delish and the Clam Chowder was sublime!
The restaurant was jam-packed on this Friday night, but we were seated immediately by our host, Robert.
One of Madisons BEST restaurants.

We had a gift certificate to use for Captain Bills otherwise we had never been here.
The food was good, not great, pretty average.
They did allow us to go off menu for a specific request which was great.
You get a lot of food for your dollar with the soup or salad option the dinner rolls and the sides you get with your meal.
We will go back again

I wanted to like it.
I really did.
I want to support independent "original" restaurants here in Madison.
And I had a $10 coupon.
So I thought the fam and I would give it a try.
This may be one of the worst restaurants in Madison I have been to.
Complete tourist trap.
The service was poor.
Our waitress was nice enough but just sloppy in general.
A table of two sat down 15 minutes after we did.
They waited atleast 10 minutes before one of them flagged down a waitress, who came over, asked for their drink order.
They ordered their drinks and appetizers.
Neither came within 20 minutes.
They got up and left.
I felt absolutely horrible for them.
We ordered two kids meals, I ordered the fish fry, and my wife a tilapia.
I did get a cup of clam chowder.
The clam chowder was the only decent tasting dish, but that's probably because it had a stick of butter in it.
My fish fry was easily subpar, my wife's dish was cold and very bland.
My kids.... liked their french fries and chicken tenders (what kid doesn't?).
The view here, if you can call it that, isn't that impressive, even though they label themselves as "Madison's only lakeside restaurant.
"    I will never go back, unfortunately.
This place seems very much like a tourist trap with mediocre food at above average prices.
*sigh*  And I just read the Madison Magazine's "Best" and this place was voted #3 for seafood!?
Just goes to show that that Magazine is not about objectivity but about "who can get people to vote the most.

I really like this place.
My mom and I had a wonderful dinner.
It was really nice to sit by the window.
Our service was great.
I had the pet tenderloin with a lobster tail and my mom had the blackened tilapia.
Both were very delicious.
Also try the high seas punch is awesome!

Where better to take advantage of restaurant week than through Madison's expensive joints?
Truthfully, I went into Captain Bill's with lowered expectations - thanks, Yelpers!
To my surprise, my three-course meal wasn't half bad if still overpriced.
I should note that while it doesn't compare to Merchant, Captain Bill's has a solid selection of cocktails.
My Salty Dog was fairly lackluster, but as my annoyed girlfriend can attest, their tropical drinks are embarrassingly tasty.
I started with their famed clam chowder as an appetizer, and it did not disappoint.
Served in a warm mug, the chowder was rich, creamy and spectacularly spiced (something other restaurants often neglect in their chowder) with sizable chunks of clam meat.
Croutons on top added a welcome crunchy garnish.
The surf and turf was substantial but relatively unspectacular.
The cut of tenderloin was cooked to order (medium rare) and seasoned to the point of not needing any steak sauce to add cheap flavor.
The lobster was middling.
The desert, a chocolate trifle, was about as airy and dull as the supposedly "rich" cake the Godiva blueberries and bavarian cream came paired with.
I stole a few bites of Key Lime pie and can confirm from multiple sources that I "missed out.
"  I would rate Captain Bill's a star above the three were it not so expensive.
Pricey seafood is one thing, but to jack up each of their menu items at the quality and portions provided is a touch ridiculous.
Or maybe I'm just cranky about not getting more of their fantastic ciabatta.
Good, not great.

Receiving a discount to this restaurant, like many other reviewers, was incentive to try it out.
I took my boyfriend and neither of us thought it was all that great.
The view is completely meh.
The patio furniture is really cheap looking and should be updated.
We didn't realize how expensive it was going to be until we were there (I mean until we read the prices because the environment doesn't scream fancy or over the top either), so we thought it would be really high quality food.
not so much.
Honestly my favorite thing was the housemade butter at the beginning with the bread they provide.
It just seems like nothing about the restaurant is consistent with the higher prices.
Even the wait staff wears polos and khaki pants, and things just seem kind of dirty...

My wife and I ate at Captain Bill's last night.
We sat near the fire and we enjoyed the warmth and atmosphere.
We had the clam chowder as a starter and it was spicy and really good.
Not a typical chowder, but a very welcome surprise.
For dinner, we split the seafood sampler appetizer platter which includes a crab cake, coconut shrimp and calamari.
We enjoyed the coconut shrimp and crab cake very much.
The calamari was a tad chewy, but still good.
They have a nice drink and beer selection and the service was great.
We also appreciate Captain Bill's participating in the dining for DAIS (domestic abuse shelter in Madison) last night.
I recommend eating at Captain Bill's

Rip off.
We took about 20 people there for happy hour.
Drinks were suppose to be half off.
We were told they couldn't do it because their computers were broken.
Apparently, the manager is unable to do higher math?
We will never go back for happy hour and they have lost my business dinners.
Hope it was worth it.

We made reservations for Valentine's night.
When we got there they were running 45 minutes behind.
When we went to the bar, it took over 30 minutes to get drinks.
When we were finally seated and received our food it was cold.
It was a complete waste of time and money.

Some of the best seafood that we've had in town.
There seems to be places in town that get better reviews, but I'm not sure why.
If I want crab or lobster this is the place to go.

