Four words, my friends....  Fresh.
Baked.
Soft.
Pretzels.

I think I was transported back to my early childhood the first time I had one of Old Heidelberg's Kaiser rolls.
I may have even gotten a little misty-eyed.
It tasted JUST like the ones I used to go and get from the bakery every morning with my Oma during the summers I spent in Bavaria.
I still get a little giddy every time I walk in and discover something new or rediscover an old favorite.
Take the Erdnuss Flips for example- they are like puffed Cheetos, but peanut butter flavored.
It takes a moment to adjust to a texture you associate with cheese, but with the "wrong" taste.
But once you get over that- boy, have you ever set yourself on the path to addiction.
It is truly bizarre to me that the Christmas chocolates currently in stock have exactly the same wrappers they did 30+ years ago.
I used to pride myself on my unsentimentality, and scoffed at tradition.
Now look at me...
Besides the Kaiser rolls, the rye bread (yea!
no seeds!
) and the soft pretzels are fantastic.
There is usually a small selection of pastries, and a widely varying selection of jams, other canned and jarred items, candy, toiletry items (the German Nivea cream is different and better-of course!- than the Nivea cream commonly sold in the States), mixes (such as potato dumpling), baking powders, gravies, cookies, and noodles.
They also have a refrigerated case with some lunch meats and sausages, usually some imported butter (so worth the price) and occasionally some cheeses.
Sometimes they do run low, but they explained to me once that they are often at the whim of their suppliers.
They are closed Sundays and Mondays.
Both of the women I have seen working there are helpful and friendly.

Nice rolls.
Delicious mini-streudel.
Tasty homemade pretzels.
Rye bread is well represented.
However, I don't really like rye bread, so I'll have to leave the rye bread review to someone else.
There's a small grocery section with really overpriced stuff.
A box of European coffee (I'm not sure if it was actually from Germany) was something like $12.
The ladies who work there are friendly for the most part, if a little moody.
Mostly I go for the rolls.

The bakery makes great breads, rolls, and pastries that look and taste authentic, and the "back" room has a nice selection of German imported foodstuffs and candies.
The prices are relatively high, but after you figure in shipping cost, very reasonable.
The service tends to be american... that is to say indifferent at best, sometimes bordering on rude

This place was the answer to my German grocery shopping dreams!
I thank the Yelp community for leading me to Old Heidelberg.
I was picking up a number of items for an Oktoberfest party I was cooking for and hosting at my house, and was able to fulfill most of my exotic German needs at this one stop.
I picked up pumpernickel rye bread, authentic concentrated Maggi Würze seasoning (not the soy sauce-tasting stuff you find in most American grocery stores) and Knorr zwiebel-kräuter salat krönung.
They also had lots of Knorr sauce mixes that you just can't find over here (for instance,  sauerbraten gravy).
I stuck around for a few minutes to talk to the two women who ran the place (Andrea and Chris).
I volunteered that I had lived in Germany for years, including Berlin and Bavaria.
They were totally friendly and even suggested some other places nearby that I could check out for German grub or rarer German beer selections.
I promised I would be back... especially since I spotted that they had frozen leberknödel (liver dumplings).
I made these once from scratch years ago but that was a lot of work.
Knowing that they carry such delicacies has snagged me hook, line and sinker, as I am now destined to return and once again indulge my German food fantasies.

There's three things that I absolutely ensure that I do when I get lucky enough to travel to Germany for work - German coffee, Ritter Sports and fresh pretzels (yeah, ok weiss-bier and wurst as well!
) All of which I can get authentic versions of at OHB.
Funny enough, my last trip to Munich I stopped in a grocery store at Rosenheimer Platz to satisfy my craving, and sure enough the same brands of coffee (Dallmyr, etc.
) that I can get there, you can find here.
Add on top of that a fresh pretzel or two, chased by Ritter Sport candy bars in German language and off you go!
At holiday time, it looks like you can get some authentic Nuremberg gingerbread cookies, marzipan treats as well as lots of different Stollen choices.
Most recently I enjoyed a killer cheese danish as well.

Important lesson learned today..
Sometimes traffic can lead to good things?
Leaving La Purisima Bakery and on my way to the Esplanade to pick up a few things.
I needed to turn left but it was not going to happen anytime this century so right it was.
Trying to find a place to turn around I spot this place out of the corner of my eye.
I pull one of those jackass right turn from the middle lane moves and come hurdling into the parking lot.. Food emergency!
I should have a siren or something.
Walked in the door and the first thing I notice is one of the display cases is filled with ritter sports bars... ALL OF THE RITTER SPORTS BARS!
Most of these had to be imported as they are not available in the US.
Some of them I had never even heard of.
It also appeared they had most if not all of the Milka bars.
Under that was a huge selection of Lindt choclate bars.
My eyes continued to wonder up the case as I notice.. oh cool they have the dark and light Niederegger Marzipan.. and OHHH MYYY GOD!
is that what I think it is??
Niederegger Weissbrot Marzipan..
This is THE stuff.
There are few things in this world that cannot be made better by adding chocolate and this is one of them.
Niederegger makes some of the best marzipan and I've always been upset that I can only find the chocolate covered stuff.
It only takes away from their superior product.
I am unaware of anyone else who carries the weirssbrot in the valley.
You can order it online, *sometimes*, by the case and that's just not safe for me.
This was turning out to be one of the best Saturdays ever ;) I would go into the differences between American/European marzipan but am trying to cut down on babble in my reviews.. like this.. *fail* http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marzipan  I asked the nice lady at the counter if there was anything else "that I should not go without" she said sadly they had sold out of most of what they made that day but that they had some fresh coconut macaroons.
Again..
I thought maybe I had died crossing traffic like that and ended up in my own personal happy place.
Although far from a regional specialty of the bakeries decent I had to get one.
It was flat, which was very strange, and half of it had been dipped into dark chocolate.
All I knew was that I was glad there were 4+ people coming to dinner to help me eat all of this stuff or I WOULD eat it all by myself and get sick.
If nothing else make a trip here to treat yourself to some chocolate you won't find anywhere else.
Everything else is just a bonus :)

This is a small corner of gastronomic heaven in Arizona.
Having spent a part of my life in Germany, I became addicted to the breads there and while our climate isn't even close to that of Germany, Old Heidelberg Bakery does an admirable job of turning out authentic breads and pastries.
I don't know what it is about a simple roll that can be so wonderful but they get it right with a crusty outside and an almost creamy inside.
The rye breads and strüdel are also outstanding.
They also believe in the "baker's dozen" concept here.
GO early because they sell out, especially on Saturdays.
In addition to baked goods, Old Heidelberg has a small German goods store selling everything from sausages to chocolates, jars of vegetables and other goodies from Germany and even bath items.
While it's not like walking around the market areas of Munich, this is a great place to get some good breads and other vital supplies of civilization.
Prices are very reasonable and service is very good but there is often a small crowd so there is often a short wait to be served.

I have often driven by this place and have noticed one rarely sees cars in the parking lot.
I understand why after my first and last visit.
The abrasive attitude of one of the owners is intolerable.
You had better agree with her way of thinking.
Disagree with her and one might make her happy by slitting one wrists and bleeding to death in front of her.
Whether that would be enough might be questionable.

Can't say I know much, but I can say it was the best dollar and two cents I have ever spent on a pretzel.
Most of it didn't even make it out of the parking lot.
Yummmmm!

Stopped by  for a loaf of Rye for leftover turkey and ham sandwiched the day after Thanksgiving.
really good bread, I also picked up some pretzel rolls and they are awesome.
I will be back for sure this place rules.
service was really nice to.

Can't say a ton about this because I was in and out in a flash, but I picked up some buns and a mix of the stuff I cant recall the name.. lol.
It was incredible!!
I also work across the street , so it's easy to go to.

I thought this place was a little strange, but that's not a bad thing.
I guess I know nothing of German food, but it looks like you could find an assortment of stuff here.
The market area was just sparse, and had a lot of Nivea hair/shower products, which looked a little funny among the pastries and chocolate.
I really wanted a pretzel, but they were sold out...
I went instead with a pretzel croissant.
It was delicious and perfectly baked, but did lack a good pretzel taste.
I have a Napoleon in my fridge waiting to beat eaten... which will likely adjust this rating by a star in either direction.
I'll be back, and they better have some pretzels this time!

I lived  in Deutschland for 3 yrs so I was excited to go here.
I was sadly disappointed in the bakery.
The pretzels were unlike anything I ever had when I lived there.
They didn't carry Kirsch liquor.

I love this little European gem in the Mexican ghetto!
I recommend stopping in early though if you're in the market for fresh baked pretzels because they often run out long before mid afternoon.
They sell Haribo gummy sweets, Rittersport and Milka chocolate bars, as well as fresh strudel, and jarred lingonberries!
If you come too late for pretzels, ask for the horseshoes or buns, they're just as tasty but smaller.
As for an earlier review from someone complaining that the lack of cars in the lot was an indicator of what to expect from the business - I wonder if they actually set foot inside because maybe then they'd realize it is just a bakery/mini-mart, not a sit-down establishment, hence no need to park and spend the entire day there (although I probably could find a good reason or two to loiter!
) I hate that they aren't open Sundays and Mondays because that's when I seem to crave German sweets the most - thank goodness Cost Plus has such a large selection of German chocolates now or else I'd be forced to camp out at the Heidelberg until Tuesday!
P.S.
The lady who runs the place is neither "mean" nor "moody" just rather stoic...

This place is a MUST...
I couldn't exist in this country without some decent German baked goods.
Not sure where the poster who lived in Germany ate her pretzels when she lived there.
I'm German and the pretzels at Old Heidelberg are as authentic as they get.
The ladies are always friendly and I only wish I lived closer and could go there more often.

After today's visit I have decided to upgrade my original review from 4 stars to 5.
So today, during my weekly "pretzel run", I purchased a coconut macaroon at the insistence of the lady who runs the shop.
She swore it was her favorite thing there and it was just like her father used to make; I mean, who can argue with that?
HOLY BALLS!
After just one bite I actually contemplated flipping a bitch in dead stopped traffic and running everyone over at the bus stop just to get another one!
First off, this thing is GYNORMOUS!
Second, it's totally schizophrenic and I REALLY like that.
It's almost as if the macaroon couldn't decide whether it was a cookie or a candy bar so it essentially transmogrified into something of both.
It's crispy, chewy, sweet, buttery, chocolatey, and coconutty.
If euphoria could come in a spherical yet pointy package, it would be this magnificently decadent macaroon!

I lovelovelove this place.
the variety of breads/pretzels/sausages and other meats, as well as soups, snacks, pickled delicacies of every kind...wow.
we stopped in yesterday, and left with one of their horseshoe-shaped soft pretzels, a bag of pretzel sticks, and the most AMAZING creamy dill-lemon-caper-honey mustard...  next time, I'm stocking up on their myriad varieties of gummy candies :)

I really like their breads which are not the American sponge-bread variety but the German kind, the kind that I used to get in Germany.
They also have different candies, condiments, and even  German language magazines.

It's like little Germany in here, like you left the sun-baked concrete of the Indian School strip and stepped into the Black Forest.
I'm pretty sure everything in there is German.
So, if you like authentic German stuff, Old Heidelberg is for you.
I'm just not that into German stuff.

Yummy pretzels like most people have probably never had 'em.
Worth stopping in.

I really enjoy the baked goods from Old Heidelberg.
The brezels are very authentic and Delicious - take it from a native German - they are very good.
The bread is good but not great.
I am not sure if they bake the bread in house or order it in, but all of the breads I have purchased there do not taste freshly baked - still good - but not same morning baked fresh taste :) The little grocery store has plenty of authentic German groceries and the selection is fantastic.
The one thing are the prizes, they are super high.
All in all it is a great place and I wish I lived closer so I could stop by more often.

Great homemade pretzels and bread.
Friendly staff.
Everything is labeled in German so if you can't read German be prepared to ask questions.
Definitely try the pierogies (shipped in from Chicago)

I used to LOVE this place.
It's still okay, but not what they used to be.
The dry goods selection is spare (check expiration dates) and it's all super expensive now.
I used to visit Phoenix with an empty suitcase to fill from Old Heidelberg and take back to Michigan.
No more.
I can get a packet of Hackbraten mix for $2.00 and OH is wanting $3.75+ for all their sauce and spices.
Their bakery and meat dept are the best.
Just don't go there for dry goods.
Unfortunately, I can't take anything buy dry goods on a plane.

Meh.

The Almond Danish is to DIE for but get there right when they opened because i showed up a half hour after the original opening time and there was only 1 left and no cheese danishes at all!
My husband, my friend and out daughter all got the mini fruit strudels and they all loved them!
the almond horn is also super tasty!
All in all, i would definitely go back and recommend it to everyone!

I was eager to try this place after reading several good reviews.. Must say I'm pretty disappointed.
After a day of school orientation and car shopping I was eager for pastry heaven.
My bf and I ordered various pastries and a soft cresent pretzel to try.
I was not blown away by a single one.
The pretzel was okay.
It did taste authentic, but nothing I'd ever go out of my way for.
The cheese danish was lack luster and heavy.
You could barely taste the cream cheese in it and it was doused with an obnoxious amount of powdered sugar.
The macaroon was not stellar.
I was extremely disappointed in that, since so many people swear by those things.
Kind of a cool store, I like the authenticly german selection, however all of it is overpriced by a landslide and is scarcely displayed.
I wish I was more impressed, but Old Heidelberg just didn't do it for me.

I'm a bit dismayed by the one and two stars given to this place, because people weren't treated like royalty.
For Christ's sake, get real!
How can one be any more authentically German than to be rude and distant.
Trust me, I know:  not only have I lived in fascist Austria, I'm one of the tribe.
We only smile AFTER we invade our neighbors; never before.
And now that you've had your first lesson on friendly German behavior  (sort of like "friendly Republican" behavior), let's get to what's important:  the food.
The bread here is very good; but this is only because Phoenix offers bad bread and intolerably bad bread.
Unfortunately, the owners know this, too; and charge you accordingly.
The prices aren't outrageous by any means; but it's obvious you're being charged for edible food and not based on the "worth" of the bread.
Unfortunately, this bread dries out quickly; and that's how it should be, silly Americans:  good bread doesn't use preservatives and dries out quickly.
This isn't Wonder Bread (aka soapy sponges).
The pretzels and pretzel rolls are very tasty.
I can only guess the people on here, who don't like it are used to Rolled Gold.
More power to you:  I like real food.
Here's the problem with the pretzels, though:  they, too, dry out quickly; and when they do, they become hard and taste nothing like when they're fresh (and they ain't cheap).
Fortunately(?
), this encourages you to inhale them so they don't go bad  (and as good as they are, you can easily "inhale" them).
As for everything else, thank you, no.
The imported products are overpriced, can be found in other places for less, and are, frankly nothing special.
This refers especially to the pre-packaged dark breads and cold cuts.
The chocolates and other imported goods can be entertaining and tasty, but I really can't afford to hock one of my cars to fill a shopping bag.
Let's get something very clear in conclusion people:  you ain't in the Reich and there isn't a bustling Volksdeutsche colony in Phoenix.
Appreciate what you DO have!

Great little shop.
The brötchen, pretzels, and light rye bread took me back to my years in Germany.
The macaroons are excellent.
The strudel are tasty, although they remind me of American-style danish.

We went late, around 5pm and they did not have much left, but this is a good thing as you know everything is made fresh daily and not left to sit around.
Tried some kind of Almond crusted chocolate thing and now it is all I can think about..  French bread was good as well as the cherry Strudel.
Next time I plan to go earlier to bask in the full selection of goodness.

If you are looking for authentic German pastries and pretzels, stop in here!
The almond horns are to die for!
They also carry some dry goods and other groceries,  and are the only store in Phoenix where I have found my favorite kind of Ritter Sport bar.
Quick, friendly service and the wonderful items they carry make me miss home!

Strawberry filled Milka Chocolate bars wins an automatic A-Okay in my book; you can't find those in World Market.
I LOVE chocolate and OHGB has an amazing assortment of German chocolates!
If you are ever doing some German cooking and looking for a hard-to-find German ingredient, this is a place to check out.
There is a decent assortment of German sausages, cake/pie mixes, and general cooking goods.
The ladies at the counter are always very pleasant to me so I don't know what the hoopla is all about in some other reviews.
I lived in Germany for 2 years so I have VERY high bakery standards (they have one on every corner), and I will say this bakery is quite good and they have quite an assortment of breads.
Not the best I have ever had, but if I am in the area it is worth stopping in!

Habt ihr die verpackte zwiebel ringe ?
Please reply I am asking if they have the onion rings from chio

I love that I can pop in this place on my lunch hour and grab a fresh goodie.
I absolutely love the pretzels and their pretzel croissants!
I have had their Apple dumplings, to die for!
There is a hint of almond in there that is so delicious.
The store area is cute and has many German treats, including candies and mixes.
Every time I have come here I have always been treated wonderfully.
The ladies that work there are very nice and helpful.

