I have a fiendish love/hate relationship with Red Robin.
On one hand it's a obnoxious chain restaurant.
The walls are covered with kitchy memorabilia and neon lights.
The music is loud and unpleasant.
There videogames in the lobby and balloons for the kids.
It makes me feel like such a tool.
But why do I go there?
Why can't I turn away?
Because they serve up the tastiest veggie burger I know.
It comes on a big, toasted bun, piled with toppings, grilled to perfection and accompanied by an endless supply of thick, seasoned fries.
I like Red Robin.
There I said it.

I just went to Red Robin a few months ago.
When I walked in I realized WHY I had never been there.
It's a family friendly joint - so you never know when little junior will start screaming or running through the aisles.
Thankfully, that only happens about 20% of the time I'm there, probably because I'm there on weekdays for lunch.
I have to admit though, they have consistently good food.
Not creative, just basic stuff, but tasty.
The salads in particular are really great (and I'm picky about lettuce and salad dressings).
Plus they'll bring you fries for free - all ya have to do is ask :-)   My co-workers won't let me stop going, but then again I don't fight them too hard.

A friend of mine suggested we go here today before our movie.
I was planning on suggesting another place, but she got their early and got a table DARN!
I don't hate Red Robin...I think I avoid it because I am not a big fan of hamburgers.
Seems like more of a place for straight guys and kids if you ask me, but my experience today wasn't to bad.
Our waiter was really nice however I think that may have been a result of my push up bra.
Ordered the Crispy Chicken Salad which also had hard boiled egg, bacon, and veggies and was very good.
I'll probably get that again next time someone drags me here.
Get it with that Italian dressing.
Yummy!
My friend ordered us onion rings as an appetizer I hate onions, but those were goood!
Not my first choice but good crowd pleaser with more decent food than most chains.

If you are REALLY hungry...
I mean like" I've been stranded in the Desert for 3 days hungry"... Go here and order THE MONSTER BURGER!!!!!
They also have unlimited french fries, if you are into that gluttony sort of deal.
They have some neat drinks, wraps, fantastic onion rings, and be sure and get some of that "Western Sauce" or whatever it is.
This is a bad place for a diet!

Food was yummy as usual.
I love the fries, my mom and I usually split a burger if we're together which we did again.
We had the Bacon Guacamole burger it's delicious as usual.
The service leaves much to be desired.
there were only about 6 tables the waitress was working yet she couldn't manage to remember what the three of us were drinking or keep them full.
Also she dumped over a soda on the table next to us and didn't even apologize!
Then only half whipped the booth (we suggested to the other diners they might want to finish wiping before they sat down, also told the waitress to move the poor women's purse considering what she did manage to whip went right into the purse.).
All in all though the food is yummy and good for kids, we took our 9 month old who is always a gem in restaurants and there were several other kids there.

Great food, inside atmosphere is just too loud unless you have children which the noise probably won't bother you.
"Banzi Burger" is killer and the other menu favorite of mine is the "Chicken Ensanada Platter" with ranch dressing, both are very filling.
Milk shakes are also quite tastey.
The loation is on 101 and Mayo so lunch and a movie on the weekend are great hand in hand.

You gotta love free stuff!!
So in continuance of my birthday freebies, I headed to Red Robin, where I had a coupon for a free gourmet burger.
I had the pleasure of being served by Miss Bonlie and I have to give her a huge thank you for spoiling me today.
You rock girly!
So after having Miss Bonlie patiently wait for me to decide which burger I would like, I decided on the Santa Fe burger which omg was amazing!
So amazing that I ended up bringing half of it home because it was MASSIVE!!!
My goodness.
It had guacamole, fire roasted poblano peppers, yummy for my tummy sauteed onions, tortilla strips, pepper jack cheese, and chipotle mayo.
Yup there was even lettuce in there somewhere too, But it gets even better, after not being able to take another bite and packing up my leftovers, Miss Bonlie brings out a free hot fudge sundae for my birthday too.
Now yes they do that for everyone if you tell them its your birthday but man, I must admit, I felt pretty freakin special.
Oh and I forgot to mention, I was dining alone :) So I got to people watch while people watched me.
Pretty entertaining to say the least.
So Red Robin gets a major hats off for filling up my tummy with the yummy goodness of a great burger, all you can eat steak fries, and a hot fudge sundae to top it all off.
This is one happy woman!

This is my favorite Red Robin.
They have a tiny covered patio that I love to sit on and enjoy my crispy chicken-tender salad!
My husband loves their burgers and their endless steak fries.
The inside decor can be a bit garrish and there are usually screaming children so sit on the patio if there is room.
You'll thank me later!

This place is loud, obnoxious, and always crowded but that's good for us.
We have two toddlers (who we try to teach good manners to) so if one has a meltdown it's not a big deal in this loud restaurant.
They will bring out a free basket of fries and have balloons which keeps the kids happy.
Sometimes you need a place for kids but you don't want to sacrifice the food.
Red Robin is perfect for this!
Their milkshakes, burgers, and salads are ALL extremely tastey.
Their kids items are big enough for my girls to comfortably share as well.
Highly reccomended for loud families!!
Also the service has never been bad but hasn't been awesome either.
We keep going back for the food though.
Yum!

Unlimited fries.
Is there really anything to be said after this?
OK, they are the thick cut steak fries.
And never cold nor stale.
Even when I get a take-out burger, they will give me a whole box of extra fries.
Who doesn't love that?
But the burgers are really good.
Always hot, fresh, and well seasoned.
I prefer to grab and go here, as it can get over run with kids, which, if you're not with your own, can be a PITA.
I do agree with the other reviewers that being served a meal in a plastic red basket is a turn off.
Can they swing a plate?
You have to wash the baskets anyhow (DON'T YOU???

I will always 5 star Red Robins.
Because this is my go-to place when I cant think of anywhere else to eat.
- Great service - I always know what Im going to get - It's always good.
- Awesome Iced Tea - Awesome decor on the walls - Sports on TV.
- BOTTEMLESS french fries!!!!!!
See?
All the great qualities of a burger joint.

Red Robin is always a good place to go.
The freckled lemonades keep us coming back.
Any of the burgers are good, the onion rings, and the salads.
My go to menu item is the Whiskey River BBQ Chicken Wrap.
My husband and I like to split it (it comes cut in half) and with the bottomless (and delish) steak fries we can get in and out of there without dropping tons of cash.
You can't go wrong with the Clucks & Fries either.

We have been to this location several times and had great food.
The fries are SUPER yum and my daughter loves the atmosphere.
HOWEVER, the first time we visited this location, the waitress mysteriously LOST my credit card and I was ask to leave my phone number, that they would call me when it was found.
The second time we visited our waitress could have cared less that we were sitting there.
We waited 15 minutes for her to come to the table to get our drink order.
:/ The food here is great, but the service SUCKS.

Believe it or not, Red Robin's slogan says it all, "yum"!
You can't really go wrong with anything off their menu from their tower of onion rings, to their burgers, to their milkshakes...never a bad food experience!
I went to this location during lunch time and there wasn't a wait, yea!!!
We got seated and served right away.
The staff was friendly and efficient, especially with refilling of the beverages.
Service was really quick and friendly.
The restaurant AND their bathrooms are clean.
I will definitely be back!

Red Robin is a pretty awesome place to go for any occasion.
My California Chicken Burger was delicious!
I also had a mint chocolate chip milky milkshake which was AHMAAAZING!
Can't complain.
The atmosphere was super retro and clean.
I love how the walls are decorated with pictures.
There were flat screen TVs...that was entertaining!
This may sound weird, but the seats were super comfy.
Our waiter was good.
He was a good server but just a little bit unfriendly?
Maybe he was just on an off day or something...  My experience with Red Robin was overall great!
I would recommend this to a friend!

Had lunch here the other day.
My son's chocolate milk took awhile to be delivered, however our food was scrumptious!
The bathrooms were very clean and it sounds crazy but my favorite faucets.
Normal like your house ones and nice hot water!

Love the burgers and fries

Waitress was awesome n I had the new chopped steak burger it was good n my bf had the royal red Robyn it was also good fries was awesome

Great burgers and chicken sandwiches with the best fries and fried mushrooms in the biz.

Great service, and pretty good food.
I think Zin Burger kills this place as far as quality goes, but I have to say I loved the attitude of the people working there, and the atmosphere was better than going to Chili's.
The beer was also nice and cold, and they had a pretty good selection.
I'll be back every so often.

I love their burgers and fries!
My current favorite burger is the Tavern Burger.
I love that they have never ending fries.
Not the healthiest choice but great comfort food.
The price is about average for a burger restaurant.
I haven't been there for happy hour, but the menu/pricing looks good.

Their jalapeno coins are yummy.
Get the petite burger- it is a dollar cheaper and less calories.
Its not on the menu but they know what it is.

No offers after I checked in.
Only negative thing I can say.
Love the fries and turkey burger!
Our waiter Curtis was on it too!

It's burgers in plastic baskets.
Enough said.
If you ever take your girlfriend here dont ever expect to get married.
Ever.
It's a kids place.
Expect to hear bitchy little kids all night.

Solid.
In and out in 45 minutes with a full stomach and not too much damage to the wallet.
Nice staff and good service.

I like this particular location.
Close to the house.
Always consistently good.
Sign up and you get a free burger for B-day.
Nice place to bring the kids.
Can get a little noisy.
Servers are always friendly and the food comes out rather fast.
They also have chicken and fish on the menu.
This is not a high end restaurant yet it is fun and tasty.
Ask for their some of their different custom dipping sauces to jazz things up a bit.

This is a terrific Red Robin location.
We came in on a Friday night and were pleased to be seated right away.
Our waiter, Derek, was attentive, helpful and quick!
He brought us french fries while waiting for our meals and that is always a plus!
He got all of my quirky ordering items correct.........for which he gets extra points!
I like mayo with my fries and I need a gluten free bun and need my food to be handled with clean  new gloves and he took care of that.
My chicken sandwich came out flavorful and not bland like it is at the Happy Valley location!
So I will go to the Mayo location to get my mayo!
HA!
Seriously, we had a lot of picky eaters and he was amazing!
Everyone we encountered was very nice and personable so as a National Chain goes.......this location is a keeper!

This place is great - and even better, you get a free meal on your birthday - which is what we did.
It was the hubs birthday so we came in for his free birthday meal.
The strawberry lemonade is so good - we order it every time.
The strawberries in the glass are so sweet - I probably could eat them all day.
I ordered the mushroom and swiss burger, medium rare.
The husband ordered the bleu cheese burger, medium rare.
They were both delicious - juicy and very flavorful.
Our server was extremely nice and refilled our bottomless strawberry lemonades promptly.
Their steak fries are also great and I love how they have the special seasoning for the fries already on the table.

This review is for the Scottsdale Red Robin, at Pima & Shea.
Very disappointing visit.
On a Sunday afternoon and I wanted to take my son to lunch while we watched some football.
I had seen the commercials about their gourmet burgers, and decided to give them a try.
While looking for a booth to sit in, we noticed that several televisions were not working and were unable to find a place to watch football, not a big deal.
We finally found a booth and sat down.
A member of the staff come over and told us that we were not able to sit in that particular booth, because it was too close to the bar!
I couldn't believe it, it wasn't even close to the bar.
It was about 20 feet from the bar, I thought they were kidding.
She said we had to move to the only available table which was in a corner, next to the bathroom without a view of any television.
I kept asking about other tables and booths, she kept telling me that they were too close to the bar area.
I asked if we could sit outside, or was that too close to the bar, but she said that no tables were outside.
I have never in my 50 years experienced a less desirable atmosphere to experience a meal.
Unfortunately I will never get to experience the food at Red Robin.
Not a friendly family environment at all.

Ive, ben here a few times and it's always been OK  the food is average and the service has always been good.
I like how the bar area is for adults and they usually have a deal on drinks.

Took my boys and their 2 friends...4 kids and just a mom!
Bottomless delicious steak fries, best burgers and reasonable price for all 5 of us!
Great kid friendly atmosphere and menu!
Num!

Sitting at the bar is always a good decision at these locations.
The bartenders always seem to be really nice and quick with their service.
This location was no exception!
Our server was extremely friendly and we felt welcome from the minute we sat down to the very end when we were walking out.
I had my regular tavern double and he had the chicken sandwich.
Both of them were tasty and made as requested.
We shared a small onion ring starter, which was good until the very last onion ring, which tasted a little odd, probably was an outer piece of the onion and more bitter.
Not the end of the world all things considered.
The manager even stopped by to double check on how our meal was going and looked to be making her rounds to all the tables in the area.
Overall: A Sit at the bar and get a Mud Pie at the end!

Worst food, and worst service.
Will never go back to Red Robin.
Do not waste your time and money.
It is horrible.

Nothing special.
Got the Bleu Ribbon burger and Short Stack of Onion Rings.
The burger was cooked properly as requested (medium) and was juicy.
However it was a bit messy due to multiple sauces on this particular option - it's to be expected.
The burger's own juices combined with the sauces did make the bun soggy as you ate it.
The onion rings were run-of-the-mill like you get from frozen section in grocery store - not much of serving considering $5.
Overall it was okay food.
But for the price and the time it took to get just a burger and onion rings (20 minutes), I can just go a few hundred feet away to Outback and get a 9oz.
steak and shrimp with 2 sides, along with bread in same amount of time and basically same price.

I have always loved red robin.
I have been hooked ever since I was a little kid.
The first burger I ever fell in love with here was the guacamole bacon burger.
Then I found the royal burger.
This was my favorite for years until they changed the recipe.
I know they changed the egg and it tastes like the changed something else because even when I ask for it the "old way" it doesn't taste the same.
Now I don't come back as often and have no desire for a burger even when I do come here because that turned me off so much.
Hope they figure it out as they use to be the best.

Hubby and I met a friend here for dinner on a Friday night, we were looking for a quiet place and this turned out to be very busy and noisy, but it got a little better after 45 minutes or so.
We had the following:  Guacamole burger -I like it but it could have used more guacamole... right?
I had to go look for it to make sure it in fact had some, hehe... Hubby had Blue Ribbon burger and he liked it very much, he said it just was too  messy but oh well, in my opinion all good burgers should be.
Our friend had the teriyaki chicken and I didn't ask how it was : ( but I noticed you can substitute the fries with vegetables and she got broccoli and carrots, which I think was a good option.
Hubby and I went for the fries (bottomless) an they were tasty (thick cut).
I had been here just once before and it think it was good.
Oh, our friend had the Red Robin Royalty card they have and her burger was free because I believe they give you a free burger for every 9 you buy.
She also mentioned they give you a birthday burger : ) Which I think is great.
**Actually I just went and signed up for their loyalty (royalty) program, it seems to be good.

We have fallen in love with Red Robin and this locations is one of our go-tos.
Usually we sit at the bar, since it's self-seating and the service is quick and friendly.
We can also watch all the action on both the TVs and the people watching.
I've had everything from the Tavern Double to the Grilled Chicken Sandwich and not been disappointed.
We usually share the small onion ring starter as well.
Get the mud pie.
Best.
Dessert.
Ever.
This location also has a lot of shopping options so it makes for a good trip overall if you are looking to spend a little time eating and shopping.

The best service we have gotten in a long time.
I had to ask the hostess to let our server know that we had been sitting at our table for 5 minutes with no attention and that we were trying to make it to the movies in an hour.
The server came to out table immediately after that, took our order and offered us an appetizer on the house for keeping us waiting.
2 Apps came out immediately, then our food.
He checked on us often and then when he brought our check, not only were our apps comped but 2 of the five meals were comped too.
Outstanding customer service and we will definitely come back.
Blue ribbon burger, the wings and the pretZel app were awesome.

Really good burger.
A little limited on what was offered as far as toppings go.
How about some green chile?
And the Bacon Cheeseburger doesn't come with onion?
I asked for it to be added.
But overall great burger.

We love to visit this place as a family for a quick, delicious burger and milkshake!
The little princess definitely says Red Robin is her favorite restaurant.
The servers are great here, and always accommodate our needs!

Bartender/Server Extraordinaire Josie gave us excellent service.
Beer was cold, burgers were hot and flavorful.

