This has become one of my favorite chinese spots.
Unlike the post before, my favorite dish here happens to be the eggplant.
I also think the lo mein and the orange beef are quite tasty.
The service can leave a bit to be desired sometimes, but I, and everyone I have brought there have rarely been dissapointed by the food.
As for the ambience, for a small restaurant in Phoenix to actually being located in a free standing building and not in a stripmall is already a huge plus.
I have seen this space go through several different incarnations and they seem to have done pretty good with what they had without breaking the bank...definitley not swank, but decor is not why you come here.
Now if you want REALLY bad service,  go to my absolute favorite Thai joint in the same shopping center, Thai Lahnai.
Then you can really get mistreated!
(but the traditional fare is perfect!

Omer, I'm sorry you had a bad experience at Autumn Court, I go about once every two weeks, and in the ten or more times I have gone I only experienced bad service once.
I completely agree on the decor, Autumn Court relocated from their original location and the place they moved into looks a bit "Bill Johnson's"  The reason I return is the food.
I generally navigate to the Dan-Dan noodles, for lunch the servings are a good price, with plenty of quality and quantity.
I tried the Sushi once and came away unimpressed.
In summary, not a bad lunchtime Chinese place

Sushi at a Chinese restaurant?
I wasn't brave enough to try it, but I was impressed that there was a decent sized sushi menu offered to me...
I ordered 'carry-out' a couple of times from Autumn Court and had decent meals, so tonight I decided to get the full experience and eat in the restaurant.
The hostess (who turned out to be my waitress as well) was attentive.
Not the friendliest, but she was fine.
I guess I would've liked to see her smile, but aside from that, service was perfectly attentive.
Several other people checked on me as well (I assume the GM or owner).
I went with the egg flower soup to start and the mixed vegetable with tofu dish.
The soup was kind of bland.
I thought about sending it back, but I added a little soy sauce and kept my mouth shut...
The entree was delicious... the tofu was golden brown and the perfect texture and the veggies were crisp and delicious.
I will order carry-out and even return to dine-in at Autumn Court again... maybe next time I'll even get a smile!

Been here a few times and I always enjoy the food.
I think of this place as having good ,but not exciting or overly spectacular, food.
Service has always been spot on for me.
The dinner choices are pretty standard, but I've only have a few of the most common ones, Orange Chicken, fried rices, a few other stir fry's etc.
So the sushi thing.
I've never had anything but the rolls here.
They're big, more than one bite for each piece, and come with about 8 pieces each.
I like them.
I know that a Crunchy roll or a Spider roll may not be true sushi but I don't care I still like them.
Damn good I tell ya.

Some of the best Chinese food I have had in Phoenix.
Very fresh colorful presentation, great tea, great service, nice atmosphere.
The menu is extensive with plenty of meals under $10.
We arrived around 7pm and were promptly seated.
I tried the Kung Pao Chicken which was very good (could have been a little hotter) and "my partner in crime" chose the orange chicken - she raved about it.
The egg drop soup was excellent, the crab puffs sublime, and the fortune cookies crap (aren't they always).

This place is now in my 'hood after my recent move to East Phoenix and I kept meaning to try it out but just didn't get around to it until I spotted my Yelp friends' high recommendations, and of course they were right - this place rocks.
The Lemon Pepper Shrimp was so delicious (and yes, they have brown rice).
We also ordered the hot n sour soup, which - vegetarians beware - is generously filled with not just tofu, but shrimp and pork as well.
Not a pork eater myself, I'll have to take my cohort's word for it that it was equally delicious.
Meals were reasonably priced, especially the chef's specials.
Service was fine - quite attentive, actually.
Atmosphere was interesting - nothing to rave about, but we happened to be there as the sun was setting, and the place seemed to take on a bit of a cooler vibe the darker it got.
Enough so that we took our time finishing up our Sake Bombers and just hung out for a while.
Oh yeah, we'll be back.

Delivery is good and fast...I have only been into this place to eat once, but have gotten delivery from there several times.
Their food is kind of bland, but you get your moneys worth for sure, which mean the portions are large.
I ordered the spicy orange chicken with the hot and sour soup and the crab puffs the last time I got delivery from here, the chicken was very dry and did not really taste that spicy, the soup was OK but then again not really all that spicy either and the crab puffs were filled with very little cream cheese and virtually no crab, plus that were very hard.
This place is good for OK delivery and dine in food, defiantly not the best Chinese food in the valley.
I would suggest it for a quick fix Chinese, basically taste like your typical Chinese buffet without the buffet.

I'm not a very adventurous person when it comes to food.
I will never surprise you and get something different when going to a familiar haunt.
So when the hubby suggested Autumn Court I was a little reluctant.
We venture out and are seated right away.
I immediately notice the cologne on the gentleman seating us.
Turns out he will also be our waiter.
J ordered the sizzling rice soup, we shared an order of BBQ pork and potstickers and I ordered the brocolli beef.
BBQ pork was done perfectly it is/was AMAZING.
J loved his soup.
It was filled with chicken and shrimp and tons of veggies.
He loaded it up with chili paste and a dash or two of soy sauce and I didn't hear a peep out of him for a good ten minutes while he enjoyed.
It's good.
Real good.
My beef was good.
I love veggies and the brocolli was perfect.

So, going on Christmas, always a risk.
There was a wait and 2 parties in front of my group left.
There we people waiting for their pick up order for over 20 minutes.
But when we asked how long it would be until we got sat and would have our food we were told 15 minutes.
He was true to his word on that.
The food was good.
The egg rolls were awesome.
We didn't really have a waiter tending to us, but that was ok. the bus person got us more water when we asked.
I would probably go here again if I was in the area, but I would just as soon have the Panda.

The Wor Wonton Soup comes in a big container and has a flavorful broth, crisp veggies, lots of wontons and meat.
It is great with chili sauce in it.
I've heard the Peking Duck is great, but have yet to try it.

Really tasty food.
Very good service.
This place is an asset to the neighborhood.
I'm just mad at myself for not going earlier.
Very reasonable prices.
I'm looking forward to trying more items from the menu here.

I got take out from here tonight and it was good.
Not amazing, but good enough for what it was.
$20 fed three of us with leftovers.
Their white rice was a bit sticky, but the friend rice was num-num.
Is it sad that I was most impressed with their to-go boxes?
They're made of sturdy tupperware quality plastic and you can microwave them and re-use them.

I've only been once for lunch, but thought it was pretty good Chinese for Phoenix.
The service was also excellent on my visit and I didn't have to wait for a table or wait a long time to be served (as someone else did).

It's not bad.
I mean we do eat there when we just want a quick grab that is near home.
But I havent really gotten anything that I have fallen in love with, and I think that it is a bit pricey for what the food is.
But the staff is really nice.
And food is really quick.

Finally, a place that serves great Hot and Sour Soup.
For some reason, hot and sour soup always sounds good when I'm hungover.
With that said, I didn't feel like driving, so I was so glad to find a fairly high rated Chinese place that delivered.
I think you get a decent amount of food here, but it is a little pricey.
I've gotten the veggie lo-mein, kung-pao chicken, and shrimp with veggies on the three occasions that I've gotten delivery.
Pretty solid, but I will keep going back for the hot and sour soup.

I'm disappointed to see so many Yelpers give this place any more than one star.
I would take Panda Express any day over this joint.
I ordered to-go from their lunch menu: sweet and sour chicken with vegetable lo mein and rice ($8).
It took nearly 30 minutes for it to arrive so now I'm rushing back to my office to chow it down.
It's a good thing I didn't have to rush because the food was so bland I didn't even bother finishing it.
I should have known it was going to be gross when my server pulled the lo mein out of a giant rice steamer.
The noodles were not seasoned (btw- where were the vegetables in my vegetable lo mein?!
) and way over cook.
Maybe it was because the noodles have been sitting in the rice steamer all day!
The sweet and sour chicken was pretty much non-seasoned, chicken nuggets swimming in sweet and sour sauce.
There were some chunks of green peppers too but I couldn't get over the canned sweet and sour sauce that was infiltrating into my rice pile.
The best part of the meal were the fortune cookies.
Mine said-- Next time, drive a bit east and you will find Pei Wei... or maybe that Chicago Hamburger Company across the street will do too!
Don't waste your money folks.
Judging from the 4 people eating there during rush lunch hour, this place will be closed soon.

So, this place delivers soup...and soup is good when your sick, and the portions are large, I also went ahead and got my regular crab puffs and orange chicken.
Simply delicious a definite improvement since the last time I ordered.
The chicken still could of been a little more juicy but for the most part I would say this place has improved on the quality of food since the last time I ate there.
The crab puffs were fat filled with cream cheese the crab still seemed to be lacking a bit, but definitely better then before.
The service was as good as it could of been for delivery.
I would say more like 3.5 stars.
But I am feeling frisky today so I am going to give it 4 stars.

I love, love, love the House Fried Rice here.
They do not skimp on the nice size shrimp, the biggest I've seen in fried rice anywhere around here.
A healthy portion of chicken, beef and pork as well in the rice.
The House Fried Rice is like $10...they raised the priced a couple of years ago.
If they raise the price any more I will have to go find some good competition.
Another favorite of mine was the Hot Sizzling Rice soup...very good.
The soup portion is huge!
When they brought out that big kettle of a server bowl I was like wow!
I've never done delivery as I live extremely close.
I love the atmosphere inside.
It's a great date place.
It's a lot smaller than there original location downtown...However I'm not complaining because it's around the corner from me now!
YAY!
I wouldn't bring small children.
The place is small and any screaming kids would definitely be heard throughout.

I LOVE Autumn Court...The food..the atmosphere...the location...the service!
I seldom go to other asian restaurants, but when I do, I compare them to Autumn Court.
This one is still my favorite.
I don't like greasy, saucy chinese food at all so when this restaurant moved to my neighborhood I was so delighted by the fresh and nicely presented food and the prices are very fair here.
It's nice and dim in there at night, with cute little accents here and there..not your usual garish accesssories.
The owner/manager is always there and very very nice and attentive.
They do take out, but if you do it, CALL your order in.
If you just SHOW UP and order take out, then you will be waiting and waiting--not because they are slow, because they are the most popular asian restaurant around and their food is awesome!

I visit Autumn Court at least once every other week, usually on Fridays.
The happy hour is great and my husband loves the Pad Thai!
Service is wonderful and our favorite bartender is one that we can call a friend!
This is one place everyone has to try at least once.

So after yesterday's horrendous Chinese food fiasco at Chop & Wok, my Chinese food craving still had not been sated.
One of my *insert social networking site here* buddies suggested I try this place.
He swears by it.
So I got home, ready to sit down to a bowl of my spicy vegetable stew, when I get a wild hare (hair??)....
Whatever.
I get the urge for Chinese food.
So I call these guys up for some delivery (I had just put on my pj's and fuzzy slippers...that's the international code for 'Tyger will NOT be leaving the building'.
) Anyway, I ordered the Singapore Noodles and crab puffs.
The delivery guy showed up about 20 minutes later.
Alright Autumn Court, you are on my good side, and you now have my full attention.
I open up the paper bag holding my nummy morsels.
And the heavens opened up, a golden light poured out, angels sang halleluia, I think I may have gotten chills...inside that brown paper sack, the staff of Autumn Court had individually wrapped every single spillable item securely in plastic wrap.
I was so happy I could've humped his leg, right then and there.
The food was fresh and well prepared, the shrimp was large and in charge, not much seasoning on it as it's a delicately flavored dish, but still very tasty.
The crab rangoon...um...crab puffs were yummy and crispy, not bloated or soggy (see review of Chop & Wok) I will definitely order from Autumn Court again!
Yay!
Hooray for delicious Chinese delivery in my 'hood!

I stopped here for lunch and the service was fast and friendly.
The food was fresh and wasn't greasy.
Overall, I was pleased with this place and will be back again.

I've eaten here a few times and this is definitely the best Chinese food in Phoenix - - I always get the lemon chicken and I am never disappointed.
It's a bit pricey for Chinese food but the portions are generous.
The only down side is that this place is not very kid-friendly - they don't have a kids menu which I found to be disappointing.
They also serve sushi here and their potstickers and egg rolls are delicious.

We took the kids and met some friends at Autumn Court for dinner... the food and service was great, the prices were ok but I was disappointed that they didn't have a kids menu.
They have a large menu and I wanted something new and ordered the curry chicken which turned out not pleasing ... next time I'll just stick to the traditional Chinese dishes.

I'm not a "Chinese Food" enthusiast by any stretch.
I would almost always prefer any other asian cuisine over Chinese.
That said, I AM a potsticker fan.
And let me tell you, a good potsticker is hard to find around here.
Autumn Court has the best potstickers in the city -- by far.
So far, in fact, it's hard to believe no one has said anything about it.
I go here specifically for them.
They are not to be missed.
Other than that, I've had the fried rice, which is excellent as well (for fried rice).
My eating companion always orders the sushi, and claims it's great.
I've also tried some random dishes here and there, all about what you'd expect -- neither mind-blowing nor inedible.
I personally like the service here.
The owners and servers are humble, and helpful and, you know, nice enough.
The ambiance is above-par for a place like this in this price range.
And here is a tip for all the parents squawking about the lack of a children's menu:  order paper-wrapped chicken appetizer and a side of rice.
It's the closest thing to a kid's teriyaki chicken.
Works for me.
But seriously.
Try the potstickers.

Absolutely terrible service.
Ordered take out, showed up at the time they told us it would be ready.
Sat at the bar for 20 minutes without a server or bartender asking us if we wanted a drink or talking to us at all.
Over an hour after our food was supposed to be ready, the guy, supposedly the owner, comes up and hands us the bill.
It was very overpriced.
He didn't apologize and didn't explain why it took almost TWO HOURS to make 4 people's take out Chinese food.
The food was also terrible quality.
On a scale of 1-10, 10 being the best, I'd give it a three at most.
I had beef chop suey that had very little flavor, and my brothers both had chicken chow mein that had almost no noodles in them.
The staff was inconsiderate and there was no excuse for their tardiness, as there was maybe 5 other patrons in the restaurant.
There are many other good Chinese/Asian restaurants in the area, and needless to say, I will not be coming here again.

Never, never, never going here again...
Hearing complaining about tips is a HUGE turn off in my book.
Upon entering Autumn Court the server/bartender was complaining to a man sitting at the bar that the last customers that she served did not leave her a tip.
(To be honest, I would have considered stiffing her too after these comments.
) She then had the audacity to ask the customer if she should go out and ask them for one!
This is all while we were waiting to be seated.
The customer said "I wouldn't" and she made a dash for the side door heading to the parking lot.
The customer turned to us and said he had never seen anything like that before.
Wait...there's more.
We turned around and left to find a different place to eat and I made a call to the manager to let him know what had happened.
He listened, but offered no resolution and took my information to pass to the owner.
Five minutes later my cell phone starts ringing and it is the server (seriously!?
) we called about asking why we thought it was not right that she did that and told me that she had the RIGHT to tips because she was not paid hourly.
I briefly spoke to her about the rudeness of speaking to customers about other customers and all she could say was that she would not get fired over this.
Babe, if were my restaurant you would have totally have been gone for this.
Tomorrow I'll try and contact the owner direct because we are never going there again and my phone number should not have been passed out like that.
Time to find another neighborhood Chinese restaurant.

We decided to pay homage to the faux Jewish tradition of "Chinese food on Christmas" and ate here... on Christmas.
We ended up getting the Kung Pao equivalent of coal in our stocking.
I really wanted to like Autumn Court.
A lot.
It's in my neighborhood and not a chain and gets glowing reviews from many-a-Yelper.
Didn't happen.
The owner is a very nice guy but apparently some of his staff had skipped town to Tucson (or something).
I empathize but that ain't our problem.
So he was running around, food came out very slow (our soup never came), the check came out even slower and I'd consider it all pretty average fare.
(Nothing like the turbo speed of China Chili)  It was forgettable Chinese at best.
The restaurant's ambience is nice on the inside with a bar & TVs.
It is bright and clean and welcoming.
I will give this place another shot but the people who have called this "the best Chinese restaurant in Phoenix" went to an Autumn Court in another time, place and/or dimension.

Prices are reasonable.
Food is fresh and service is always good.
Its the best Asian Fusion restaurant in the area.
John

I love this place!
I live down the street, so it's very convenient, but I would stop by even if it wasn't so close.
The owner is always so friendly and makes us feel very welcome.
The food is probably my favorite Chinese food in the Valley.
I typically don't like Chinese food, as it always seems to be fried chicken suspended in some kind of bizarre gelatin concoction (P.F.
Chang's, Pei Wei, Panda Express, etc.
), but this place has fresh vegetables, good meat, and excellent spices.
Ask for your dish SPICY, and make sure to get the egg rolls!

I must be missing something when it says that it's the best in Phoenix.
I ordered the sweet and sour chicken dinner, and really wasn't all that impressed.
It started with egg drop soup, which is just egg drop soup - you can't really do anything unique there.
Next was the egg roll, the same egg roll I've had at a dozen other Chinese places, so no surprise there.
The chicken was disappointing - there was technically chicken on the plate, and some of it was fried, but there really wasn't any flavor on the plate at all.
The meat was bland, the pineapples, tomatoes, onions, and peppers didn't seem quite right, and the sweet and sour sauce itself didn't have any panache.
It's not terribly expensive, but I still can definitely do better for a few bucks less.

The atmosphere in this place is very relaxing and the owner is so nice and attentive.
Sushi and chinese are available.
Great, quiet date place with friendly bartenders and there are always drink specials it seems.
I find this a great date place b/c of the dark-sh, quiet atmosphere.
The food is okay, not the best chinese I've had which disappoints me because everything else about this place rocks, but the food isn't as fresh as it could be.
I will definitely go again because it is close to my house though and because the owner is so amazing.

Not really memorable but, good dependable Chinese food.
I like the space too.

the sushi is not worth it.
it just tastes old and crusty.
the americanized chinese version of sweet and sour and kung pao are worth trying here!

The best sweet and sour soup ever!
Food is delicious and favorable.
Delivery is pretty good, nice people.

I had food delivered.
The man on the phone was nice, but barley understood me.
The food was bland.
sauce was runny.
Lots of food, but not worth the money.

Went for lunch.
Hardly anyone in the place.
Service was fine and food was "ok".
Not that I needed more but i thought portions were a little small.
Had lunch specials but not a lot too choose from.
My quest continues.

It was more than a while since we've been here.
While the place was quiet; the service was great.
The Tofu soup was good with very good vegetables (not too many baby corn - very good); wish had more mushrooms in there.
Got the lemon chicken; sauce was excellent.
Also the Shrimp Egg Foo Yung; again one of the few places that makes Egg Foo Yung like my mother; the gravy was excellent also.
Asked about the sauce and they said they are all made from scratch.
You definately can tell.
Will be back again.

This place is not very good.
I like their sesame chicken about 30% of the time - very inconsistent!
Everything else I've tried are ok or nasty..  My coworker found a bit of a bug in the plastic wrapping they used to wrap the container.
Would not eat there..

Worst.food.ever..uck Our usual place is closed on Sundays, so we decided on Autumn Court for delivery.
Haven't reviewed on Yelp for awhile and this food made me have to log on for sure!
We had to reheat the chicken and beef  dish on the stove and even then... it just sucked:(  Literally, the food tasted like frozen Chinese food that has been inside a freezer for too long, then flash cooked.
Save your self time and well earned cash!
I warned you..:)

This place is pretty standard for Americanized Chinese.
You've got all the usual suspects, orange chicken, honey-crispy chicken, chow mein, General Chu, egg rolls, hot and sour soup and I'd have to say it's pretty average.
It's a neighborhood place for me and they've been able to hang on in a building that has housed some pretty diverse dining over the years - starting out as a country kitchen, it's been a bbq place and a wild-game place.
But that has nothing to do with the dining.
I've had good experiences and bad, and overall, I'd say not bad.
It's a standard for when we are too lazy to drive over to China Chili.
The hot and sour soup is so-so, not really hot, not really sour, but not really bad.
The usual suspects are about the same, you shouldn't have any surprises, good or bad.
The great thing about this place is the to-go boxes.
They use a heavy-duty plastic box, not the flimsy paper boxes or foam boxes you usually see.
This box is great for storing the leftovers, and for re-using for lunch items later.
I guess that's not such a good thing that a restaurant is known for it's take out boxes, but hey, I'm trying to see the plus side here :-)

This place is just A-OK!
I have been there twice, the first time I had the sushi, which was not bad if you are in a pinch for sushi and the second time I had their lunch special which was pretty good.
The portion for lunch looks small but is surprisingly enough when you are finished eating.
The service can get a little better but other than that it gets 3 stars in my book!

"Sizzling rice soup is the only thing that sizzles"  Went here for lunch with my wife and mother-in-law because we were in the mood for Chinese food.
Although it was our first time, it may be our last time as well.
I ordered the Kung Pao chicken which as filled with thick sauce which did blend the chicken and vegetable together, but more like made everything taste the same.
My wife had the eggplant chicken which I think tasted the same as the Kung Pao chicken as well.
Should have called it Kung Pao eggplant chicken.
The dinning room is similar to that of a lodge converted to restaurant.
I did order the sizzling rice soup which was good, but there wasn't enough soup as the rice soaked it all up.
Price was a little high for portion sizes I thought.
Although the owner was very nice and cordial that is the reason I gave this 2 stars.
There is very little authenticity to the restaurant as the ROA is a dismal 10%, ratio of authenticity is #of ethnic patrons/#total patrons.

I absolutely LOVE Autumn Court, it is my go-to chinese take-out/delivery restaurant.
Not just because it is only a block or two away from my home, but because it is the best.
The food is delicious and pretty inexpensive, the portions are also very generous.
We are addicted to he general Tso's chicken, and for $20 for two orders of it along with two containers of rice, it's enough to feed two and have enough leftover for another meal.
Two of my other favorites are the honey crisp chicken and the orange peel chicken.
The service is usually very fast for pickup it's usually ready in 15-20 mins and delivery no more than 30 mins(unless you order delivery on a sat/sun night then it can be an hour and a half  to two hours wait).
Another bonus of getting takeout/delivery from here is that the entrees come in these reusable, microwavable containers, I order from here so often that I never have to buy tupperware lol.

Always a smile.
Fun place for the kids.
Food ok.
In fact food could be way better.
More just a good place for food with kids

Best Chinese food I've had in years!
I ordered the Hong Kong Chow Mein with beef and it was so wonderful I finished the entire bowl.
I must add that the iced tea is also exceptional!
I will definitly return.

Good service.
They need a better happy hour menu though, maybe add a few more rolls to it.
It's just kind of blah...
If there were more options I'd go out of my way for it and come here more often because I live close by but it's really just lacking a few things.
I'd rather take a little drive up the road where I have a bigger selection of happy hour items

This is probably my favorite old school Chinese restaurant in the Valley.
The quality of the food is always consistent and the service very friendly.
My favorite is their kung pao veggies.
They include a nice selection of veggies in the dish and the sauce is nice and spicy.
I have also enjoyed their pepper beef and orange chicken.
I know someone who always gets their egg foo young and loves it.
The vegetable spring rolls are also very good and so is their egg drop soup.
The atmosphere is nice and quiet, making it a great place to sit and dine, either in a group or alone.

To quote my boyfriend, we like this place because "they're solid.
" Every time we order here, the food is great and fresh.
I always get their sweet and sour chicken and I am never disappointed.
Instead of chicken chunks coated in batter, this place uses a chicken breast with batter that I would describe to be a thin tempura like batter.
There is no excess batter or fat chunks to deal with it.
The service is fast and we see the same waiter every time we eat here.
This is the my go to place for Chinese food.

While our waiter was a doll, thats the only good comment I have for this place.
I ordered an egg roll, potstickers, and crab puffs from their happy hour menu.
Super cheap, and it showed in the quality of the food.
The egg roll was burnt on the outside and soggy on the inside, ew.
The potstickers were basically balls of sausage in a pasta pocket, and the crab puffs....didnt have any crab in them, real or imitation.
It was just a wonton and cream cheese.
My friend (who's a vegatarian and has never had a crab puff) told me "Yeah theres no meat in them, isnt that great!
The only reason crab is in the title is cuz theyre shaped like crabs.
" Oh poor misguided girl...
I wouldnt recommend this place to anyone.

Tried the scallops with black bean sauce; very good with the green peppers; would probably ask for onions to be added.
Also, tried sweet & sour chicken; very good homemade sauce.
Also, had the Egg Foo Yung, which was very good as usual.

I love this place.
My sister and I come in often, my favorite thing to get here is the hot n sour soup and the spider roll.
The egg foo young is really yummy too.
We always have the owner (or so I think he is the owner) as our server and he is SO adorable and sweet and gives great service!

Needed some soup last night due to cold picked up in lovely Phoenix.
Ordered the chicken noodle soup and while the broth and noodles was good and the broccoli in the soup was an unusual touch, the white meat chicken that was floating was unappetizing, slimy and of poor quality.
Also tried the szucheun chicken with string beans and I ordered it non-spicy.
It did come out non-spicy, but also was non-tasting.
It was just loaded with a sticky brown sauce that had no taste at all.
The string beans were fresh though and the owner was a nice guy.
They also had a live band playing on Friday night which I guess is unusual for a Chinese joint.
It was just a cover band, but still a nice touch.

Disclaimer: AC is within walking distance of my place, so I probably am a bit biased.
Summary: A nice, comfortable little restaurant with an underrated happy hour and friendly (though sometimes hard to understand) service.
I come here mostly for the sushi - not because it's outstanding but rather since Zen 32 closed shop it's the only game in the immediate neighborhood and, though very limited (we're talking 10 options) it's not horrible.
Solid happy hour - discounts on the sushi and other items like pot stickers, crab puffs & edamame.
Good deals on sake bombers and beer which they now offer 2-3 kinds on tap.
The main dishes are tasty and ample.
It does a pretty good takeout business.
Friendly bartenders and waitstaff, ample parking.
If you're looking for the 'in' crowd you won't find it here - you're better off making your way elsewhere.

They love us there!
I go with my son Justin's cute girlfriend and I could very well pass for her older sister ~ Needless to say, we get a bunch of attention from these already attentive waiters, busmen, and hosts.
The egg rolls are scrumptious; well done on the outside and soft and fresh on the inside with orange sauce.
The Dan Dan Noodles were yummy with minced chicken and a nice texture.
The lemon chicken was an 8, thick sauce and fried nice.
The Cupcake Chardonnay was yummy; sipable, not chugable.
They actually had a great band there, every Saturday night!
The music had me dancing in my seat.
Songs like "Summertime", "The Girl From Nepamima" ( what is the correct spelling please!
), etc ....
They aim to please and for a neighborhood restaurant, they get an 8!

Yuck!
Yet another proof point in my ever strengthening argument that this town lacks good Chinese food.
But, they deliver, and in my neighborhood that counts for something.

A hair was found in my mouth attached to a Dan Dan noodle.
We informed the waitress who denied it was one of theirs, my hair was in a bun all day so totally could not have been mine, and didn't even comp the dish.
I couldn't eat after that and it ruined my entire experience and will not be going back ever!
Not worth your time even after the good reviews by others.
Go somewhere else.

Awesome!
I love the Pepper Steak and crab puffs!

Pretty good Chinese food - like what I'm used to from the East Coast (NYC).
The wonton soup was very flavorful with fresh bits of green onion and celery.
The Singapore noodles were flavorful with several large shrimp and tender pieces of port.
And the kung pow chicken had a nice flavor with some whole black beans in the sauce.
Everything was tasty, not greasy/oily, nor too salty.
Atmosphere and service were fine.
I'd definitely go back on my next trip to Scottsdale.

You walk in and wonder if you are in the right place.... Kind of shabby looking.
But the food does not disappoint.
Full bar and decent sushi, lots of Chinese restaurant dishes.
Try the duck!
Service was excellent - See you again, AC!

Positive: The food!
We had soup, chow fun, and the Peking duck.
The chow fun was exactly like at home.
The Peking duck  was served exactly how my sister liked (lean, less fat).
Also, great service.
My sister and I felt incredibly homesick after eating here.
Negative: I wish the Peking duck was served on a bao instead of in the wrappers; however, my sister informs me that the wrappers are more traditional.

This is an awesome place for Happy Hour and delicious Chinese food.
The owner is incredibly kind, the service is great, and the value is great.
If you like Chinese food, this is a definite place to try.

I'm a regular at Autumn Court for several reasons.
They already know me when I walk in and seat us right away.
The service is always friendly, the food is always good and the drinks are delicious, must try the Tom Collins here, yummy!
For food try the shrimp with sizzling vegetables, three treasures, mongolian beef and the low mein, you will not be disappointed.
Their happy hour menu has many good deals as well.
Another awesome thing is that it's a nice place to come and relax when you don't want to be in a loud crazy spot, you just want a nice relaxing meal.
It's very laid back and has a wonderful staff.
Highly recommend it.

This place would have got a solid 5 stars, except for two reasons:  1.
) I placed an order with Katie for a group lunch at work.
I specifically ordered the G combo, which comes with plenty of appetizers, lo mein, and teriyaki chicken served over fried rice.
When the delivery guy dropped it off, it was Kung Pao chicken... filled with hot peppers and peanuts.
All I kept thinking: half of the staff are allergic to peanuts, and the other half can't eat anything past a bell pepper.
) Katie wasn't pleasant and I found myself not wanting to give business to a company who has a snob answering their phone.
Nevertheless, the flavors and authenticity of the food was fantastic.
The delivery guy was very apologetic for the mishap and said the owner would be contacting me on Monday.
If they correct and/or apologize for the mistake, our company will definitely order from them again.

Ordered take out this evening.
The delivery was quick and all the food was there...the crabpuffs were soggy and had zero crab in it.
They did not seem to be cooked to order and maybe had been sitting?
A couple of the meals were luke warm which made the coating on them taste doughy.
With the multiple meals ordered there should have been more than 3 fortune cookies.

I've been passing this place for years and that was a big mistake.
I went in with my mom and sister for lunch.
It was empty, so that was kind of unassuring.
But once we sat down our server came up to us and was very nice!
He explained the spicyness of the dishes and let us know we could taper it down.
We were able to order off the lunch menu.
The sesame chicken was great.
My sister got the sweet and sour chicken which was excellent.
Mom got the tofu.
She liked it too.
The portions were huge!
I didn't expect to get that much food.
The prices?
Very reasonable!
$7.50 for lunch?
Can't beat that.
The place was very clean and the service was great.
I will definitely come back!

Terrible, terrible, terrible.
I ordered delivery.
Chow mein and I threw the whole thing away.
I will never, ever eat there again.

Going to keep this short because they do not deserve a lot of attention.
My friend and I ordered delivery with 2 forms of payment which in turn costs us $3 a piece in delivery charge, keep in mind It's going to the same place.
When the driver arrived he was not prepared, he did not have change nor a pen to sign the cc slip.
After all of that, our food was delivered at room temperature, our drink was watered down, and for the price the entrees were skimpy!
So, if you want to waste money go ahead!

Here's the deal - I am reviewing on happy hour only; unfortunately, I've never eaten here another time, my wife just isn't a chinese food fan ever...
But for happy hour, I'm often here just for the happy hour bar menu.
They have a crunchy roll that is the best sushi roll you will ever touch your tongue to.
Pile on some dumplings and edamame, and you have one of the best dinner deals in town.
Anytime I can find somebody to hit Autumn Court between 3-7pm, I'm there.
And I could eat that crunchy roll 7 days a week.

I've eaten here off and on for about 10 years but haven't been in a long while till today (it's been several years actually).
I love their lemon chicken because the sauce has the perfect sweet and tart taste and they used to use actual chicken breasts to fry the chicken and then top it with the sauce and you knew exactly what you were getting.
I went today and was super sad to see that they now use the pre-cut and breaded chicken pieces that have more breading than chicken.
the sizzling rice soup was good and veggies in there were fresh but the soup was a little on the salty side.
We also ordered the peppered beef, Szechwan string beans, and honey walnut shrimp.
I love salty food and all, but they seriously went overboard with the salt in every dish and it was hard to finish our food.
The server took out cups away for water refills rather than bringing a pitcher and refilling it at the table, so I'm sure I got my friends cup and someone else got mine.
the atmosphere is nice, it's dark and more romantic date night feel but I probably won't be coming back.
here are pics of our food but it was really dark so the pics didn't come out too great.

J and I were in the mood for Chinese Saturday night.
We decide to get takeout from Autumn Court.
J calls in the order.
I ordered the Lemon Chicken (a chef specialty apparently) and J ordered the Pepper Steak.
J also gets an order of pot stickers and we get a couple egg rolls.
He's told that it will be ready in 10 minutes.
Talk about fast.
Maybe too fast?
I get there and the restaurant is completely empty.
For 7:30 on a Saturday night, that raises a reddish flag for me.
I get our food, pay - it comes to $31, and head on home.
When I get home we strip off the 2 ft of saran wrap off our dinner boxes and dig in.
My lemon chicken was super soggy.
Like it had been cooked and them steamed (maybe because it wasn't vented in the take out container?
)  J's pepper steak was chewy and the sauteed vegetables (peppers and onions) were mushy.
As if they had been (to quote J) stewed.
We could have gotten better quality Chinese at Panda.
At least we would have known it was freshly made.

Yummy-licious!
I miss Chinese food from New York.
This is *very* close and a super cute place.
My friend and I made a long lunch here and thoroughly enjoyed it.
Walking in we were immediately greeted like old friends and directed to a booth.
I ordered a green ice tea, which, hold your pants, I've never ordered in my entire life.
Scandal.
Yes.
It was incredibly refreshing.
And served in, quite possibly, one of the biggest glasses ever.
(They refilled this later, but honestly, there was no need.
)  They offer a great lunch special (11am-4pm).
Your meal comes with an egg roll OR wok fried lo-mein, white fried rice + an egg roll.
For $7.50 I went with the Kung Pao Chicken and Shrimp.
I "upgraded" to brown rice for a $1.
My friend added an upgrade for $1 of egg drop soup (which she raved about).
We both cleaned our plates.
There was nothing left.
Nada.
If you look at my photo there was a generous serving of food provided.
That stuff was goood!

The food here is disappointing.
The lo mein was too salty and the honey walnut shrimp sauce was lacking in both quality and quantity.
I give them 2 stars though, because they deliver... it takes an hour though.
Not great.

If you're thinking about eating here my suggestion is not to.
Not terrible but not good either.
Don't order a Long Island.

Do not order delivery from here unless you are prepared to wait 2 hours and get crappy service when you call to find out the status of your delivery.
Food is good but not good enough to put up with this nonsense.

Had the Mongolian steak and some house Low-Mein.
Everything is very bland and tasteless.
Other than the color of the meat, it's hard to tell what you're eating and afterwards, well, let's just say it didn't sit very well.
Won't be back.

Every time we call this place they have to decide if they want to deliver.
and thus now your food sucks.

I've used them twice this week for lunch meetings, and both times it's been excellent!
We got a LOT of food for what we paid, delivery has been on time, they've made sure we have any needed serving utensils, and they've called both days in the afternoon to follow up to make sure everything went well.
I will use them again and recommend them highly.

Haven't dined here in way over a year until last night.
Had a fabulous experience sitting at the bar.
Didn't catch the servers name but he was awesome!
Had a bunch of sushi rolls on happy hour and shrimp with lobster sauce as an entree.
Was very pleased.
Definitely great Arcadia Chinese restaurant.

Beautiful restaurant, superior waitstaff, fair price and VERY nicely prepared curry, rolls and H/S soup.
they are conservative with salt so a dash of soy puts it together for my taste.
Actually a nice way to serve Chinese!
A new favorite for me!

