One star for fries.
One star for egg and cheese sandwich.
Nother star for being open when it is 3:30 am and that is when I am consuming this greasy carbfest as an organic, foodie vegetarian would normally NEVER eat unless feeling the pink elephant junk food parade...and walking through the driveway.
Minus that star for being open and wondering why I have grease spots on my bedsheets and zits two days later.

I'm giving JNB a better rating then it probably deserves, but I have a place in heart for this FF joint.
This spot has a few thinga going for it IMHO.
One, they just remodeled and it's beautiful, but I'm going to miss the old portraits of movie stars they used to have hung up for art.
They had Albert Einstein with his incredible shock of hair, a personal favorite hero,  a young Ella Fitzgerald, Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn(Breakfast at Tiffany's).
These photographs really jazzed up the place, but the wallpaper, rugs and other furnishing need updated, so I guess the remodel was good.
Two, when I first arrived at Arizona(Flagstaff), via Greyhound bus, we stopped near a JNB, so technically this was the 1st chain I ate at in Arizona.
I order the Jumbo Jack which hasn't changed since I ordered it back in 1985.
They did raise the price from a dollar(Bah humbug!
Now, I just order a 99¢ hamburger for value.
Also, good on the menu:  Egg Rolls, SourDough Bacon cheeseburger, Jalapeño poppers, and the super yummy Breakfast Bowl.
Service is very good.
They almost never mess up my order as they are careful to repeat the order if they don't understand me.
They are fast too.
My only request would be to find a way to clean up the  garbage can and grease bin out back.
They need to control the odor that emanates from there because it causes potential guests from losing their appetites(especially those who drive through)  Other than that, I like the restaurant and have been dining there close to 20 years now.

I try not to eat fast food too often, but JiTB is on the way home so it often sneaks into my life.
Have always had good (drive-thru) service here.
Stephanie is my girl!
Always super nice.

I was craving a hamburger...the largest was cheaper than the small one...who cares!
I got the small one, after all I can't eat 2 patties in one.
For my surprise the beverage included was the 1 liter cup :o!!
My measure is 250ml if I'm lucky.
This teaches me to just keep ordering the sandwich alone and no combos!

Wow!
I will never visit this location again,   The employees were preparing food with bare hands!
They were wiping their foreheads of sweat and then touching food,   Absolutely disgusting!
I reported it to the manager who said they would remake our food,   No Thanks!!

I bought the Bacon Insider here at nighttime after 10:30 PM 4 weeks ago or so.
The burger tasted like someone spit into it and was pretty gross tasting not to mention passing all those germs to people.
I think the manager was in on it because he was laughing his butt off when he handed me the burger in the drive thru.

