The atmosphere is great, very elegant, and the food is impeccable.
Have been there several times, and have never been disappointed.
Can't swear to the entire menu though, I go there for the steak, and it is wonderful.
Wine list is very nice.

Rating: 4.5  Yes, I came to eat here twice in a week... AGAIN.
We previously dined at the other Scottsdale location.
We just wanted to check out a different Fleming's.
We ordered:  LOBSTER TEMPURA - This came with about 1 - 2 lobster tails and tons of veggie tempura.
This appetizer is HUGE.
I filled up on this but it was really good.
They could do without so much veggie tempura though.
BEEF FLEMINGTON filet wrapped in puff pastry with a mushroom duxelle, madeira sauce - Again, this is definitely me and my boyfriend's favorite filet mignon dish.
The spices weren't evenly distributed though so some parts of the meat weren't as flavored as other parts.
Overall, this dish was still good.
MACARONI AND CHEESE - This was good, but I'm not a fan of bacon bits on top of my mac and cheese.
If you like that, then this is for you.
CHOCOLATE LAVA CAKE - Of course we had to order this!
Especially since this is the second best lava cake next to the Culinary Institute of America in Napa.
Delicious!
And they don't cheat at this one.
No hole on the bottom of the cake to put the filling in!
I love bittersweet chocolate.
Ummmm.
Overall, I felt that out of all the Fleming's restaurants that I have tried, the best are in this order: 1) Nashville location 2) Scottsdale 3) North Scottsdale.
This place is still really good, however, the other locations taste a tad bit better.

If given the opportunity to go out to a great steak restaurant, come here.
I have been here many times and have never been disappointed.
I recommend the fillet mignon to anyone who wants a delicious tender treat.
A little known option for the true fillet enthusiast is a preparation called "Oscar Style" that con sits of Bearnaise sauce mixed with crab meat, that covers the luscious fillet (it's about $10 more but well worth it).
Another little known fact is that every Sunday evening Fleming's has a "Prime Rib Special" for $30 per person that includes a salad, a side, a piece of prime rib, and a dessert.
This is by far the best deal in upper class restaurant history.
If you were to order everything separate it would be around $60 per person.
So if you want to splurge for a nice Sunday dinner without the splurging please do not miss out.
The only thing is that since this is a prime steakhouse the steaks come out a little bit on the rare side so if you can't decide between medium and medium-well Felming's will prepare a steak in between if you ask for "medium plus.

It's no secret that I'm not a huge steak fan, but since my parents like it and they were treating for dinner, I was powerless in the negotiation of venue and we went to Fleming's, an upscale steakhouse serving dead animals graded USDA Prime.
Mmm.
Despite the mall location, the restaurant is dark and intimate and the bar looked inviting.
My affinity for plastic is relatively low, and with the exception of the Scottsdale equivalent of a gangbanger (an adult frat boy bearing a backwards-turned cap indoors) and his Barbie doll/date, the only people who were in desperate need of recycling were the hostesses which was a pleasant surprise given the environs.
On the recommendations from a sweet but not saccharine waitress, we sampled: [NB: Prices are approximate, since Fleming's avoids website sticker shock.
] - Starter platter (Gratis): Brie, olive tapenade and some crostini, celery and radish - a light start and a substantial improvement over the standard bread offering (which is also optionally served at entree time upon request) - Crab Cakes (~$15): Great crabmeat to breading ratio but not superlative as advertised - Sweet Chili Calamari (~$12): Expertly lightly fried, breaded and sweetened - Petite Filet (~$30): Dry, which is unfortunate in the most tender of steaks - Bone-in Ribeye (~$30): Very juicy and flavorful, significantly superior to the former - Beef Flemington (~$28): Filet Mignon in a light pastry shell and a Madiera sauce, juicy unlike the vanilla offering - a solid A - Dessert Sampler ($13):   - Creme Brulee: Divine vanilla goodness, I'd order it again and I'm not a general fan   - Cheesecake: Thoroughly unremarkable   - Chocolate Lava Cake: Overly sugary molten chocolate in a thin souffle-ish cake shell   - Peach Cobbler a La Mode: Proving the exception of the "less filler" trend, heavy on the cobbler but light on the fruit  Outside of parental benevolence, an expense account or a serious apology to a significant other from the heartland, I wouldn't be looking for a dining experience like this, but I'd come back if the time was right.
Unlike other local high end steakhouses, Fleming's does it with more tender delicious substance than heavy oily pretension.

I am suprised that anyone would have anything negative about this restaurant.
It is by far and away my favorite place to eat in the valley.
The steaks are always cooked perfectly and the service is impecable.
I failed to mention  that the staff is also very attentive and knows my name.
I have not found a favorite server there but they are all very good.
The wine list offers so many different choices it is easy to find what you are looking for.
And if you are a chocolate fan like me, you must try the chocolate lava cake, it blows any other cake out of the water!
I enjoy a more personal dining experience and not somewhere that is only after my money.
I love Fleming's and think you should all try it!

Relatives from Nevada visited and had a hankering for the Winter Prix Fixe Menu.
We arrived with a reservation and were fortunate to be seated at a high table in the patio overlooking a gorgeous sunset.
Three of us had ordered the filet mignon vigneron  with a side of grilled asparagus and then found out we could substitute blue cheese lettuce wedge for the Caesar salad.
We all opted for the delicious blue cheese salad and cleaned our plates.
I don't normally eat steak but the filet was very tasty and a welcome change from chicken and fish.
For desert the prix fixe menu listed ice-cold milk and cookies.
It turned out that wasn't necessary either and we had several choices.
Here we departed ways with one ordering a chocolate lava cake and another ordering the frozen lemon gingersnap pie.
Due to the peanut scare the chocolate peanut butter sandwich was dropped and substituted with a very delicious cheese cake with blueberry sauce.
Definitely a good substitution and more than enough for sharing with the fourth light-eater who only ordered a very large pork chop.
The light-eater still had half the pork chop left over for a doggie bag and next meal.

We had a really lovely meal here to celebrate a friend's birthday.
I had never been to a Flemings, but I was impressed with the meat.
The price tag matches the quality, but then I feel like there is no reason to ever eat bad steak.
I actually had the scallops, my reservations in ordering steak came from a dining companion who told me Flemings was owned by the same people as Outback.
Then I tried my husband's ribeye.
Yum... perfect in every way.
The atmosphere is exactly what you want in a steakhouse, dark, cozy, a little bit of sex-appeal.
We sat next to the wine room, which I thought was a little awkward placement for a group of seven.
But maybe that was because we had made a last-minute reservation.
I would say Flemings is a great choice for a celebration or an intimate date.

Hubby and I were invited to join a friend for a seafood grilling class and wine tasting, what better way to spend an early Saturday afternoon?
It was an intimate setting, three or four tables of people, everyone was friendly and interested in learning some new techniques.
The chef was knowledgeable and made some excellent grilled fish and veggies.
The waiter was also well-educated when he spoke about the wines.
I hope they have another class soon on how to grill the best steak!

This is not a real review but simply a comment about service.
I went to Flemings at DC Ranch this past weekend after a reception earlier that evening.
Because I had eaten earlier in the day and I was with a group of people I didn't plan on eating at Flemings but simply having a glass of Scotch on the patio.
While we were being seated I asked someone who later I found out was the manager if he knew anywhere I might be able to find a cigar at this late hour of the evening.
We both speculated about the likelihood of some places in the vicinity being open and we both agreed that if would be a difficult task of finding someplace open nearby.
Upon which the manager  told me he personally did not smoke cigars but had one available that was a gift to him that he would be willing to give me.
I protested and was not willing to take a cigar from his personal property, but he insisted and I continued to offer my thanks but it was not necessary.
I thought the matter was closed but a few minutes later he returned and placed the cigar, an ashtray and his business card down in front of me.
Impressive display of service.
You can be sure the next time I am looking for a good steak I will be thinking about Flemings at DC Ranch.

Not that Flemings needs my help or anything...BUT  My wife and I went here last friday and had the time of our lives.
I've been there a few times and they addressed us by name and even knew how long it had been since our last dinner.
The wait staff is exceptional and the food was B B B B BOMB!
I have the parmesan encrusted halibut and my wife had the petite filet.
If you've never been you should definately check this place out.
I highly recommend it.
Ask to be seated in Lindsey's section.
She's GREAT!

Great food and service.
Even though the location is at DC Ranch, my wife and I take the 15 minute drive and always do our splurge dinners here.
Last night was our 36th anniversary and Eric our waiter was great.
Sunday, prime rib night is one of our favorites, as it is the best value.
My bone-in rib eye was the best I have ever had and as always my wifes prime rib was delicious and cooked medium-rare to perfection.
Excellent spot for H/H too with the 5/6/7 promotion.

My husband and I went here for Happy Hour on Valentines Day and I must say, we intended to have dinner as well but the healthy portions took us by surprise.
Everything we ordered was wonderful.
We had the classic shrimp cocktail (they actually gave an even number (4) instead of most restaurants that give you an odd (3, 5) amount so someone goes without.
Followed by the Beef Carpaccio (fantastic).
Then we split the Prime Burger (Bacon/Cheddar) YUM.
An order of the Cajun Shrimp (perfectly spiced) and last but not least a clean finish of Seared Ahi.
And you wonder why dinner was out of the question.
Everything was priced at $6 including certain wine and cocktail selections.
Well worth it and the happy hour is available nightly till 7pm.
We are looking forward to returning soon for our main course and will definitely be back with some friends for Happy Hour!

While I have been to a few Fleming's locations for dinner, up until last week I had never experienced Happy Hour.
What was I thinking!?
Fleming's HH by the numbers:  3 categories (mixed drinks, wine & appetizers) featuring 5 items for $6 each, 7 nights a week until 7pm.
A great way to take in the refined and inviting Fleming's atmosphere and eat/drink very well.
On this particular evening, my friend and I enjoyed some HH offerings, and a couple items from the "regular" menu:  Starting off with wine, we chose the Belle Glos "Meiomi" Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir.
While the HH wines are very good (on a previous visit I had the Pillar Box Shiraz - yum!
) it was well worth departing from the HH list for this one.
Hey, it's Thursday... *  Tenderloin Carpaccio.
In a word, magnificent.
Beautiful thin slices of beef topped with just the right amount of aioli and capers.
Perfect when topped with freshly-squeezed lemon juice and enjoyed on small slices of parmesan-topped toasted bread.
Oh!
Chipotle Cheddar Macaroni & Cheese.
This is a side item from the dinner menu.
While "not a mac n cheese person" my friend humors my addiction to this cheesy treat.
This one was special - easily one of the best I have tasted.
The cheese had a slightly smoky flavor, with a hint of spiciness that wasn't overpowering.
It was just right - I didn't even want to add my usual Tabasco...  and that says a lot.
Wicked Cajun Barbecue Shrimp.
While this was very, very tasty, the allure for me wasn't really the shrimp, but the SAUCE!
A captivating blend of hot chili spice, garlic, more garlic, butter and a few other magical ingredients I couldn't identify.
No vampires were coming near us after this!
We dipped our bread in it.
I could have eaten it with a spoon.
Seriously.
When do you go to HH at the same place twice in one week?
When it is Amazingly Good!!
There are still items I need to try - seared ahi, I am coming back for you...  * Two things You Should Know:  1) In the event (gasp!
) you don't finish a bottle of wine at the restaurant, they can "re-cork" it so it can be legally taken home to enjoy later.
Nice if you don't want to purchase by the glass.
2) Get there early - the cozy booths in the bar area go fast!
Actually, wait...  Don't get there early.
Otherwise, I won't get a good seat.

We actually came here sometime in late march.
I have never experienced service so awesome.
The very nice waitress was helpful and attentive.
We both ordered a petit filet, my friend ordered medium, I ordered medium-rare.
Now I am a bit of a stiffler with my steak.
My steak came out medium/ medium - well done.
I did mention that to my waitress and she looked at it, immediately agreed with me and took it back to the kitchen.
15 minutes later I receive a brand new steak and the chef comes out personally to find out whether the steak was fine now.
Let me tell you, this was the very best steak I have ever had.
PERFECT!
Simple, awesome perfection.
And a level of customer service that I have not found often in the US.
The waitress even gave me a gift card to make up for the kitchens mistake, so my next steak is free, Wow.
Also their flemin potatoes (a potato gratin) is great and definately worth a try.
Food: A+ Customer service A+ Ambiance B+  If you want a great experience, top quality service and an awesome steak, check out flemings!

I try and I try and I try to like this place but the only thing Fleming's does consistently is let me down!
Simply said... our shrimp appetizers came out sans deveining.
Yes, the digestive track of the shrimp were right there for us to see.
Next, my veal chop came out raw.
RAW!
Cold and uncooked in the center.
I sent it back twice, and finally just gave up.
Amateur hour again.
To their defense, I had an amazing steak at the Dayton, Ohio location.
But at least four other locations have let me down.
Sigh...

4.5 stars.
The other day I received a $50 gift card in the mail for Flemings Steakhouse.
There has to be a catch right?
Apparently not.
I registered the card on Flemings website and made reservations for the following Friday evening.
The gift card specifically stated "valid only in the main dining room" but I noticed that college football was on the TV in the bar.
My dinner companion also enjoys football so I asked the hostess if we could still use my gift card in the bar, she kindly told us, "sure, as long as you order off the dinner menu.
" Perfect.
I quickly realized that my $50 wasn't going to get me very far.
Most entrees were in the $30+ range and everything was a la carte.
I ordered the scallops with puff pastry and veggies.
For my side, what else but macaroni and cheese.
The scallops were very good.
Cooked perfectly.
The puff pastry wasn't bad either.
The macaroni and cheese on the other hand was sublime (I hate that word, but I couldn't think of another way to describe it).
My dining companion also has a fantastic fillet and his sauteed mushrooms was a bit garlicky, but also very good.
He had a fillet at Ruth's Chris recently and told me the Flemings steak won hands down.
I knew I should have ordered a steak!
I know that Flemings is part of a large corporate chain, and I hate chains, but I have to admit my dinner experience here was great.
I just hope I get a promotion at work soon so I can come here more often, or maybe they will continue to send me $50 gift cards, but I doubt it.

Let me start off this review by saying we took my Grandma here for a very special birthday dinner that needed to go extremely well.
That being said, I am rating Flemings a 4 based on my overall feeling AFTER we left the restaurant.
I had a bad feeling about our reservation here, when I called before to see if I could change it to 15 minutes earlier and they said they couldn't accommodate us because they were all booked, that was the first sign.
When we arrived 10 minutes before our reservation we were told to check in close to our time... which was weird because we were about 8 minutes early.
Long story short, they were very busy and by 20 minutes AFTER our reservation I was a bit worried (remember this was an important b-day celebration).
I talked with the hostess and after begging, she sat us.
From the point forward, we were treated like royalty by our waiter and the bus boy, who were both amazing.
The food was outstanding.
My Grandma and Husband both LOVED their steaks.
I had fish, which was undercooked at first, but I sent it back and it came back better than before.
We had the chipotle mac and cheese, which was even better than it sounds.
To top it off, we had the lava cake (my personal favorite), which was a treat from Flemings for my Grandma's B-day.
At the end of the meal the waiter gave my Grandma a box of chocolates, which I found to be so nice and it made her day.
I will go back to Flemings for sure, I loved the food...
I will just try to go on a less busy day, who would have thought a Sunday night would be so crazy!

We have been coming to this Flemings location since it opened.
I have had mediocre service (and sometimes food) here before sitting at the bar and in the dining room, but for the most part, it is consistently better-than-average service.
We sat at the bar for a light dinner and Mike was GREAT!
Super personality and very attentive.
What an asset he is to Flemings!
Definitely makes us want to come back when he's there (on Sundays and ?
bc he is pt)   We always get the prime rib on Sundays or the NY strip, with either the Flemings potatoes-their jalapeno infused version of potatoes au gratin or the steak fries.
The Flemings salad is good too.
slightly sweet and served with a nice chilled fork.
The creamed corn also has a 'kick' to it.
The lava cake is decent and worth ordering if you still have room for it.
I can't say it's the best steak you will ever have, but for what it is, it's consistently good service/food and it's convenient....for us at least :)

Friday night we two arrived without reservation.
Hostess showed us to table in back of restaurant.
Noticed empty booth and asked if we could sit there.
Walked back to hostess at front and advised yes we could, then shown to booth.
Weak start to a good meal.
Restaurant noisy though not full.
Once seated water promptly brought but without requested lemon.
Lemon brought in wedges on plate at second request.
OK bread with two spreads.
Server and assistant introduced themselves, though runners brought food.
All friendly but never certain who was serving us.
Started with excellent wedge salad.
Asked to shared and brought on two plates.
Good blue cheese dressing and crisp lettuce.
My entree was a huge, delicious pork chop, cooked perfect medium.
Great flavor and taste.
Companions petite 6 oz filet cooked to requested rare plus but a tad over seasoned.
Served with small amount of good potatoes with cheese.
Separate order of outstanding onion rings; ample serving.
Asparagus were grilled and would have preferred steam as flavor lacking.
Table well manicured and servers attentive.
Service fine but flawed.
Steaks and chops are what one goes to Flemings for and they are great.

What can you possibly complain about other than it's hard to eat healthy here because everything is laden with butter.
Everything we had was perfectly prepared and the desserts were amazing!
The service is always top notch and the setting is your typical white table cloth-dark wood-dimmed lights.
This is one of those spots where you can't over-dress.
If I were to suggest something to management it would be add a salad with steak on it so we could at least fake being healthy and still get their specialty!

This place was really pricey but extremely delicious!
I loved their stuffed mushrooms as well as their filet mignon, minus the blu cheese sauce, ew.
Everything was delicious but the portions were really small and basically a bummer because you wanted more and left with a half empty stomach.
:/  I would go here for possibly breakfast or brunch but nothing that you would want to be full from.
This is the kind of place that once you go here a couple hours later you're going to drive through In-N-Out.
Overall it was pretty good with high prices and small servings.
Would go here again if I was in the area.

Excellent food and service.
We never order wine or alcohol at high-end restaurants, as we are not drinkers.
Fleming's is one of the only places that does not treat us poorly after discovering that our bill will only include food (hey, we're great tippers!).
The food is incredible, and the staff is very respectful, polite, and friendly.
We just love coming back to Fleming's over and over again!

We frequent Flemings alot and have since they first opened.
We have ordered a variety of foods and everytime it is perfectly cooked.
The service we receive is outstanding.
We have never had to wait more than a few minutes to be seated.
We haven't ever had any problems with the food or service.
I think that this is a five star restaurat.

French onion soup is very good amazing steak chocolate lava cake is amazing

This is a mixed review.
First, the Good or let me say the Great!
Happy Hour menu only in the bar is awesome!
Burger was big and tasty!
Cheap drinks and apps great combo!
You may have to fight for a seat but its well worth it!
Second, the Bad.
On a seperate occasion, specifically Valentines weekend, my wife and I visited and ate in the main room.
Service was excellent.
Too many servers actually.
Then you have another manager asking if things were okay - it got a little creepy and overbearing.
However, they were super nice and attentive.
The steaks were good, not great, but good and at those prices the steaks have to be great, anything less is a disappointment.
Anyway, we sat next to the Parkers and Sons guy who was at a table of four.
They were nice enough but his wife/girlfriend?
actually took OFF her shoes and was rubbing her bare cracked old feet at the table!
That was nasty and did not make the meal any better.
Now that is not Flemings fault but, with all these waiters and managers running around - I can believe somebody didn't says something!
Maybe they were just as stunned as us.
It was a bit too casual for fine dining for our taste...
Anyway, pretty good overall but, I would recommend saving some cash and just go for the happy hour....

I very much enjoyed my experience here, and nearly all of my meal was if not the best, the very best of that item I have ever had.
When I think of my dinner here I think of the Chipotle Mac and Cheese, after I had finished the Mac and Cheese my server told me I should try it with bacon.
WTH?
I playfully asked her, how could you NOT mention that when I ordered it.
The wedge salad was a great wedge, and the lava cake thing was out of this world.
I will go back to this place just for the Mac and Cheese.
What am I missing here.....thinking.... OH!
the steak!
Forgettable.
I can't give 4 stars to a restaurant with "steak" in their name that serves a tough Rib Eye with gristle, my Aunt's Fillet was however, fantastic.
So perhaps just bad luck?
But for the price I would hope luck wouldn't come into play.
I would go back and if I had been paying I would have said something about the steak, maybe it is just me but when someone is buying your Birthday dinner it is bad form to complain about the food.

When dining out, I am a big fan of steak, and great service...Fleming's offers plenty of both.
Having dined at Fleming's on more than one occasion, I can confidently say that they know how to cook a steak to your requested temperature.
At these prices, this should go without saying, but plenty of chophouses still don't meet this criteria.
All side dishes are a la carte, and on the large side, so I'd recommend sharing.
The potatoes and vegetables are always great dishes.
Mixed drinks are poured well, and not priced too crazy, relative to the entrees.
My staple, a Jack & Coke, was $7.50...I've paid more.
The wine list is extensive if you so choose.
Service was excellent, if a bit methodical...could be a bit more personal.
Four stars instead of five, because everything is just done well...nothing stands out as above and beyond, especially at this price point.

Best Happy Hour in the Valley.
Prime steak burger, string fries and don't forget to start with the sweet pepper calamari - you wont be disappointed.

Good, but far from great.
I don't know who was cooking that night, but everything was poorly seasoned!
It was like they completely ran out of salt.
Not like it was light on the salt, everything tasted as if salt was banished from the kitchen.
We had the prime rib special and I have to admit I was disappointed.
I ordered rare + (just a tad over rare) but I experienced several places in my healthy 12oz portion that were raw.
The other guests I were with experienced the same.
I would still rate it good, but lacking a nice mellow beef flavor.
With the prime rib came 3 delicious sauces: spicy asian mustard, horseradish, and au jus.
Not being a fan of horseradish, it was pleasantly surprised to find it light on the horseradish and more to the mayonnaise taste.
Very well done, congrats!
For sides the four of us split the Fleming's potatoes, chipotle mac-n-cheese, asparagus, and spinach.
The Fleming's potatoes were good, but a bit dry and very little of the creamy sauce they so tout.
The vegetables were severely under seasoned to the point of tastelessness.
Again, out with the salt.
The only star was the chipotle mac-n-cheese, but it still need salt to bring out the flavor.
For desert we ordered the chocolate lava cake.
I'll be honest, I'm not a fan of chocolate, but throughly enjoyed the lava case with pistachio ice cream and crisp cookies.
Bravo.
Service was good.
Our waiter donned a particularly humorous fake Martha's Vineyard accent.
It was funny how the accent suddenly dropped when conversing with the other staff.
Come on, the snooty Snottsdale attitude when out with the 90's.
While we enjoyed the atmosphere and overall experience, I can't say we will be back anytime soon.
Fleming's is becoming left in the mire of the downfall of DC Ranch.
Most shops and restaurants have packed up and moved.
A bit depressing.

Completely enjoyed a post Thanksgiving meal here in the private room with our large group of 12.
Everyone raved about the various steak dishes they ordered and the sides are delicious!
My barbecue salmon was a little fishy for my taste which means it's not as fresh as it could be, but acceptable.
What do you expect when you go to a steak house and order the fish?
If it had been a little fresher I would have nothing to complain about.
The serving size was enough for two like most of their steaks and the house salad is fabulous.
I'd go back and I would stick to the steaks, salad and sides.
I have to say I loved our waiter and all the staff here is top notch.

Ate here for my first time two weeks ago and I have to say Flemings is one of my new favorite places to dine.
I thought the ambiance was okay.
The restaurant wasn't brand new and the bar area looked a little run down.
So my guests and I decided to have dinner in the dining room.
The entire night was fabulous!!!
Our server (Joey) was very knowledgeable in every aspect of our dining experience.
He suggested the chateau montelena cabernet with our steaks.
He said the wine which he said had dark fruits and lingering finish was on the button.
He suggested some  choice cuts of filet and ribeye.
Well I have to say Joey, great recommendations!
The servers service was flawless.
Every course was timed out perfectly and came out how we modified them.
The steak had a little too much butter on them, but were high quality beef.
Our drinks were never short of full and the waiters personality was a blast.
He then told us about Flemings happy hour and how we should not miss out.
We will be back!
Service and food was delicious.
Price was a little steep.
All in all I give a 5 because its the best steakhouse I have been to.
Bravo

I've been to Flemings for happy hour several times and every time it's been great !
The burgers are by far the best I've had.
My husband i decided to try dinner at Flemings this past weekend and i was shocked about how mediocre the food was and the wait time for our food.
It took us over an hour and half in and out of the restaurant.
Our order was simple the tomato and mozzarella salad split ~ The salad was simple, the balsamic reduction was good , but nothing to rave about ,then again it's not tomato season.
I order a petite filet medium and my husband the bone in filet medium rare.
It took over an hour to get our steaks.
We where at the point to grab our check and go have dinner somewhere else.
The server was very accommodating and said the kitchen staff was behind , he send the manager to our table who was apologetic .
We are very easy customers and kept our frustration to ourselves because who knows who's fault it was.
The steaks came my steak was medium rare , which I most cases I can handle it if the steak is flavorful.
The beef wasn't sweet, it     didn't have anything to it at all.
It's funny because my husband said if you dip it in a sauce its better.
That's not the point of having a good steak.
My husband loved his bone in Filet, I tried it and it was better than mine for sure.
I don't know if he loved it so much because he was super hungry.
Regardless, Flemings ended up paying for our dinner, but I have to say, I can't say I would go back for a steak dinner.
It's too bad .

I suggested Fleming's to my parents and grandmother.
They've enjoyed their meals here but for some reason, weren't sure where to go that particular weekend.
Looking back on the great experience, I'd guess that Scottsdale has far more good restaurants than I realize.
Fleming's was very good and covered so many details.
Seriously, more places should offer black napkins!
Very personable service by the valet, greeter, hostesses and servers themselves.
I felt valued as a customer when people referred to us by name.
My pork chop was only fair but that's based on my personal preferences.
It was a double cut and as a result was a little undercooked for my liking.
No worries, I just ate around the middle section.
When I mentioned Fleming's to my friends later that night, they acknowledged it as a good choice and asked how I'd heard of it.
Why am I still explaining Yelp to people?

Just another steak house.
Steak was good, but not Ocean Club standard, but same price.
Not really a signature item that we could find -- however their specials and starters were delicious.
BF ordered the seafood chowder that had shredded lobster on top, Chipotle Mac n Cheese, Mushroom Ravioli.
Those were just his starters!
He "only wanted a bite" of each one.
The disappointing part of the night was not the food.
Don't get me wrong, the food WAS good.
Just nothing extraordinary.
Nothing that made me say wow at all.
Their service was just off all night!
The fresh-faced high school boy who delivered all our food crashed each plate down in front of us, giving us the strict instructions "don't touch any plates whatever you do.
they're smoking hot and you'll get burned".
Then asked if we wanted cracked pepper.
When we said yes, we had 2 turns of the pepper mill, then he walked away.
We had to wave someone down to ask for more.
All in all - Flemings will be great as show-off restaurant because of the name.
But if you want an amazing steak with service that matches their price point, go to Ocean Club.

Having made Carnivore Emeritus status many years ago, it goes without saying, (but I will) I have discerning tastes when it comes to a great steak joint.
Flemings, is not one of them.
It's good, simply not great.
Prices are high, sides are extra, and service, while attentive, feels rushed, like I'm at my doctors office and he's giving me the bum's rush so he can spend more time with that big-tittled blonde seated in the waiting area.
Their happy hour is to die for.
One problem.
If you're not there by 5:15 and not one minute later, you won't get a seat.
Not because there's a huge crowd, there isn't.
It's the size of their bar.
Five booths, a dozen or so bar stools, and one bar stool, oddly enough, designed for a little person, along with a stair-stepped bar, lowered to accomodate the small stool.
If you do make it to the happy hour, and you do get a seat, you will be richly rewarded for your efforts with a paired-down appy menu where everything is six bucks.
You'll also find yourself fixating on the 'midget' bar seating for three reasons.
First, and above all, it's fascinating, I've never seen a high class joint off offer up one midget seat.
I guess midgets don't come in pairs.
Second, the flat screens are placed at such weird angles, you'd need to have eyes like a flounder, (Julie Smith)  on the side of your head, unless you want to scooch around to face the tv.
Doing this leaves you with a good view of the non-midgets who, in light of nowhere to sit other than the midget seat, have now taken up residency on it.
And third.
When the conversation with your date begins to wane, you can't see the tv, and several hot babe's backside's squarely adjacent to your booth seating prominently display hiked-up Victoria's Secret underpants,  you can pretend you're ogling the midget bar when your date asks what so fascinating over there.

The evening started off as a 2.5 star experience.
We had a reservation (which I recommend if you are planning on going on a weekend night) but we wanted to get there early for happy hour.
The bar was packed as was to be expected but we were able to find a ledge with chairs at it.
The bf went to the bar to order and a large, loud bartender took the order and rudely asked "where are you even seated?
" The bf pointed to our perch and the bartender replies " uh,  we have servers who are taking care of tables.
They're a little busy right now but someone will come around!
" Ok sorry jerk no need to scold us.
We had no idea there was a server or we would have just waited for one instead of inconveniencing you!
Anyway, the server comes, we tell her what we ordered, asked her to keep the tab open and ordered a Sweet Chili Calamari.
She comes back a few minutes later with our credit card receipt already run and no calamari on it.
We finished the round and I flagged her down again.
I ordered another round and asked if she put our order in for the calamari.
She had not and seemed put out that  we had to reopen the  tab even when we specifically told her to keep it open.
The place was pretty chaotic.
The hour we were at the bar we were brought another table's food twice and staff were running everywhere.
This is were they start to increase in stars.
The calamari was some of the best I've ever eaten.
The sauce wasn't too sweet, the peppers were pickled and not too hot and the batter was light and airy.
We were seated at a very large booth and were greeted by a very friendly and down to earth server, Nicole I think.
The wine selection is very good and they have a variety of prices which is nice.
You can order 100 by the glass but there were some very good bottles in the $35-$40 range.
The BF had the peppercorn NY strip, I had the bone in ribeye, and we shared the half and half (frites and onion rings) and asparagus.
I've been to Del Frisco's in Manhattan.
The steak I had there was seriously THE BEST thing I have ever put in my mouth!
It is the steak that all other steaks have to live up to.
My ribeye was almost as good and $20 cheaper, every time I think about it my mouth starts to water.
The BF enjoyed his just as much and randomly brings it up, apparently his is haunting him as well.
Both steaks were cooked perfectly and well marbled.
The sides were more than enough for the 2 of us, but being the gluttons that we are, we ate everything but 1 lonely onion ring.
The service was on point.
She came by at the exact moments that we needed her but left us alone the rest of the time.
Total bill including the bar tab was about $200, which I think is reasonable for the amount and quality of what we had.
We had several cocktails, an appetizer, 2 large, succulent steaks, 2 sides, and a bottle of Malbec.
There are so many other steak houses that we want to try in the area that I don't think we'll go back but it is definitely an experience I will tell all my friends about!
*obviously*

Love this place!
Great Happy Hour!

My wife and I went for our anniversary, and I hadn't been in a long while.
Something changed since the last time, because the service was ok, but the food left much to be desired.
My filet was no better than what I'd be able to do from the store.
The sides were good, but honestly, there's nothing that wants to bring me back.
When there are so many great choices for a nice dinner out, for the same price-point, I'd have to go someplace else next time.

We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at Flemings last night and considered it extraordinarily good value, as they happened to have  on offer a $34.95 prix fixe special:  8oz filet,  8oz lobster tail, soupe l'oignon gratinee, and French green beans:   for $35,  in a high end steak house!
Wow!
My wife had that, and I ordered ala carte:  the bone-in rib eye [$47.50], the house jalapeño cheddar scalloped potatoes, and creamed spinach.
Once I tasted my wife's simply spectacular onion soup, I ordered that, too.
I had ~ $75 of food and my wife's was prix fixe was only $35.
What value!
You can bet we will watch the website and return often when they have these specials.
For twelve years I lived in, and ate my way on expense account through, Europe [London, Paris, Munich, Frankfurt, Vienna, Rome, Milan, Budapest, Zurich, Geneva], and am a Les Cordon Blue schooled amateur cook.
I am a demanding diner.
The meat - ordered rare plus, was cooked perfectly and was delicious.
The green beans were similarly perfectly prepared.
The potato dish is an absolute killer.
The creamed spinach was excellent but could use much more garlic [personal taste, perhaps], which I am sure one could request.
The portions of the sides were easily large enough for two plus hungry diners and we took some home.
And, oh, the "French Onion Soup".
I called it above "soupe l'oignon gratinee" not to be pretentious but to emphasize that this is the real deal.
It is very hard to find the real thing in the U.S., but THIS IS IT.
The bread used is the usual failing in the US, but this was perfect, as was  the imported gruyere.
Simply outstanding and as good as I have had anywhere.
Service was excellent.
My only complaint was when my wife said she'd like a glass of Chardonnay, the waiter immediately suggested the one that is $21 per glass.
This is one standard of Ocean Club that Flemings should scotch, unless, of course, the waiter says "i recommend the XXX at $21 a glass".
It is really annoying.

continues to go downhill -  from the hostess, to seating, to wait staff, to food prep, to price.

Flemings is a perfect alternative to Mastros or Dominicks or any of the other places where you drop a mortgage payment on your meal.
Flemings is certainly not cheap, but overall it's about 15% less per item (like $39 for a filet vs $46) at Ocean Club, etc.
The steak is every bit as good.
The service is excellent there and the ambience is in the same category.
Perhaps Ocean Club has better interior design, whatever.
Add to that Flemings runs some really good promotions from time to time like bonuses on gift cards or prix fixe menus and I go there about once every month.

Tonight was our third trip to Flemings so I thought it was fair enough to add my review.
Flemings is just ok - more of a 2.5 than a 3.
Twice I've had the filet, first time was not cooked as ordered, second time cooked as ordered, tonight I tried the filet skewers, not cooked as ordered - not impressed with the cuts on any of my visits and they seem to avoid seasoning of any kind - meh.
The mozzarella salad on the side of my skewers was old with mealy tomatoes and wilted everything else.
A bowl of greasy homemade chips on the table - no thanks.
Short rib appetizer, nice portion, very tender, maybe just a bit too fatty, nice spicy slaw but a sweet watered down BBQ sauce on the plate that tanked the whole deal.
Baked brie was not as good as I can make at home with 5 apple slices and 3 walnuts - thanks cheapskate.
Husband had the lamb chops, not cooked as ordered but he enjoyed them.
Mac and cheese has been good every time.
Great selection of wines by the glass and I like the small plate + wine offering.
The service was terrible tonight but it has been every time I've been here.
Tonight's gal was friendly enough but she was absent and inattentive the entire time.
We ordered our appetizer 10 minutes before ordering our entree and yet just as the apps were delivered, I saw the kid with our dinners in hand do a quick u-turn back to the kitchen - hoping we didn't see him.
Don't get me wrong, this place isn't a total train wreck - I would certainly pop in for a glass of wine at happy hour and there are good deals to be had, it's cheap enough for sure...just don't come here expecting a top notch steak house - this isn't the place.
Case in point, we tried to get into the Capital Grille and Mastros tonight but they were both booked solid - no problem at Flemings.

The food was great, but I have to deduct points for the slower than usual service.
We celebrated 50th anniversary with my in-laws and I thought it would have been a nice touch to get a personalized plate.
But did not happen.
Maybe I expected too much.
We celebrated at Ruth Chris before and it was a little bit more personal there.

If you decide to work outside all day, on a hot day such as yesterday, then you know how easy that first beer slides down afterward.
RIght?
Well don't come here for that first beer.
The only happy hour beer they sell is an IPA, Shock Top or something like that.
I downed four in about ten minutes...despite the bartender's failure to notice how I was chugging and would require immediate refills.
During my chugfest, I tried the sweet chili calamari, which went down faster than the beers and, the office slut.
Now that's fast.
The IPA's were two for six bucks, the calamari was six bucks.
The look on the valet's face?
Priceless...as he watched me impersonate "Lard-Ass" from that move Stand by Me...barfing everything into a big flower pot while waiting for my ride.
Twenty bucks for an appy dinner and four beers, and, I ruined a pot of assorted colored summer annuals.
The entire event took about 35 minutes.
I was home in another ten, asleep another ten after that.
All in all people, this was a solid four star event.

Great food and service.
It will only be for special occasion for us because its pricey, but it is worth it.
They made us feel special.

If I explained step-by-step how easy it is to prepare a great steak, you'd never go out for steak again.
Sure, you like to be pampered at times, those special occasions  when you want a great steak and don't mind laying down a couple of Benny's for it.
And this is why I come here.
Not for dinner but for their happy hour.
Their happy hour features a number of items, and all for six dollars each, including the drinks.
Beers are half that.
I've had dinner here several times and aside from being in an elegant atmosphere, where the detail to service is unrivaled, I simply can't justify spending this much for a steak dinner.
No matter what the occasion.
I take that back, If my father-in-law died, I'd probably come here for two steak dinners.
One to celebrate his demise.
The other to celebrate my celebrating his demise.
They still wouldn't be as good as mine.

Dined here on a Sunday night in July.
Very hard to find this location, signage is not visible from Pima or from the entry to the shopping center.
Eventually found it.
Service was good, not great, pacing of the courses was a bit irregular.
I had the Ahi small plate, wedge salad and double cut pork chop.
All were very good, and well prepared.
The manager did circulate towards the end of the meal and seemed very engaged with the operation which is a plus.
Decor was pretty dark, which seems to be the norm in steakhouses these days.
4 stars for food, 3 for service, 3 for decor/location.

We went here for Father's Day brunch - we made a reservation way in advance.
We were seated in a table which kept breaking - it was a round table which was actually a square table with an addition on it.
Seated in a corner which should not even have been a spot.
While the service was exceptional, Joey was our waiter.
The small portions for the brunch seem somewhat strange.
Everyone loved the Prime Rib which was huge.
The meat is not organic or all natural, even though it is a good cut it still comes from cows which have taken hormones, chemicals and were grain fed.
this poses a problem, and the staff at Fleming's was not helpful when I asked them about there lack of meat quality.
The service was great, but the meat quality was definitely lacking

I cannot think of enough terrible things to say about their reservation system at this location.
I was a huge fan of Flemings and a very loyal customer, until now.
The complete lack of customer service and obvious practice of over booking reservations is beyond disappointing.
Looking forward to a nice dinner?
Bring your patience (and a snack).

I love this place.
Went on this occassion with a gf for hh and just the best experience (not there has ever been a bad one).
The hostess sat us on the patio promptly and we were immediately greeted by our server, who also happened to be VERY handsome.
We had the best service all night, very attentive and as good as it gets.
The food, as always, top notch.
Great portion sizes and quality.
We shared the mushroom ravioli, prawns and cheeseburger and all were to die for.
I think my favorite were the prawns, great size and spicy amazingness.
Overall, doesn't get better and for the HH prices, it's icing on the cake.

I love this place and the service was great!
RUTHS CHRIS and Morton's Flemings is really catching up!!
Best atmosphere and best service EVER!!

Fleming's is definitely a special occasion place but well worth it.
The service was very professional and attentive.
The food was very well prepared, just the way we ordered it.
I felt that everyone made the effort to make the experience the best that it could be.
My husband ordered the peppercorn steak which was cooked just right while I had the small plate of lamb chops.
They were wonderful.
The Fleming's potatoes are hot to the table and so yummy.
A great evening out.

expensive but excellent quality food, service and presentation.
The main room can get a little noisy so ask for a table in the back if a more intimate setting is preferred.

The pluses: - Amazing happy hour.
Seriously.
The flatbread for a whopping $6 is enough for me for 2 entire meals - Wine pours are $1 an ounce ($6 or $9 glasses) during happy hour.
YESSSSS!
- Staff: male = hot + friendly, female = probably also attractive (I don't swing thataway) + friendly  The minuses: - Tons of people (a good sign, but not particularly helpful for me) - Parking  Side note: the last time I was here, lots of people were trying to use gift cards, probably received from the holidays, during happy hour.
They do NOT take promotional gift cards  (like those purchased at Costco at a discount...) for happy hours or other promotions, so beware.
I don't have a gift card 'cause the happy hour deals are so smoking, I can TOTALLY afford them like a baller!

EXCELLENT SERVICE from the minute you make the reservation until the day after with a thank you email.
Food just as good.
Word of caution it is expensive but I have no problem paying for excellent food and service.
Way to go Flemings team.
We'll be back

The review is for happy hour only.
Loved happy hour at this restaurant!
Had to get there right at 5pm to get a table on a Friday night, but thankfully we were seated right away.
We partook in the excellent drink specials and both had a nice big glass of wine, which was quite tasty.
We shared the BBQ shrimp, pork belly, and a burger.
The BBQ shrimp was the highlight.
It had an awesome sauce and was great for dunking bread/chips.
The pork belly was pretty good... not amazing though.
The burger was also great... we loved the fries it came with.
They had some lemon and garlic on them, which was a nice touch.
Service was great and the vibe in the bar was nice for a Friday night.
We will be back for sure!

Loved everything about this place..read my tips

Avoid Flemings at Pima for happy hour.
Lots of tables vacant, lots of staff hanging around, but no one to get tables ready.
Restaurant needs management.

Poor service, starting with the incompetent, rude and narcissistic young woman who receives you, or not.
Happy hour is poorly managed.
I live in the area but prefer to drive away to a more welcoming place.
Is there a manager here?
Will never return.

Happy Hour is the best!
Be sure to come in right at 5:00 because the seats fill up fast!
Best part of happy hour, $1 an ounce for wine and the free, endless chips.
My husband and I also enjoy the hamburgers.
The wait staff is great too!

I want to have every meal of the day here!
This was my first experience with Flemings and it won't be my last!
The padres and I came here for an early dinner on a Sunday.
When we arrived, we had the restaurant to our selves and settled in on our second table (my mom didn't like the first one) which was a comfy horseshoe shaped booth in the corner.
I perused the wine list, which is on one of those fancy iPads, and choose a yummy Zinfandel that appeared before me in no time!
I was trying to eat healthy and started with the Fleming's salad (candied walnuts and  cranberries!
) and then had the New Bedford Scallops that were perfectly cooked and accompanied with a delicious lemon-honey glaze (my mouth is salavating as I write this).
My mom was super boring and I honestly dont remember what she ordered, but she enjoyed it.
My Dad, however, loved his dish that they only serve one day a week.
On Sunday's they offer a prime rib special that includes a appetizer salad, two sides, and a dessert...you need to come on Sundays.
This was one of the best prime ribs he as ever in the 35+ years he has been living in Arizona.
For his/my sides he ordered the sautéed mushrooms and the BLUE CHEESE mashed potatoes!
Everything was incredibly tasty and I still had my Dad's dessert to devour!
For dessert, my Dad ordered the Carrot cake, BUT, my mom mentioned earlier that I was recently engaged and in addition to the carrot cake (which was amazing, the spice was so delicious and the cake itself was incredibly fresh and moist) we got to indulge in the super gooey Chocolate melted volcano cake (I couldn't stop eating the creamy center filled with chocolate sauce and I am NOT a chocolate person), the refreshing Pistachio ice cream with a yummy tuile (that's a fancy name for a buttery walffald/cookie/cone, thanks Andrea for helping me with my "classy" lessons), and, my favorite, the light, yet dense creme brulle...ugh, so good!
Oh, and since they knew I was watching my figure, we also got to try their house made whipped cream that you could eat as a dessert on its own!
The food was fantastic and the serivce...more fantastical (even when the restaurant started to fell up)!
From the friendly hostess who greeted us, to Adam, the server's assistant, to the BEST WAITRESS EVER, Andrea, and even the manager, Jessica, all were extremely friendly and really seemed to care about how our dining experience turned out.
Five stars all the way!

Really good, consistent, high quality steaks.
But I'm ahead of myself.
Quick service at the desk, found our reservations and quickly off to the table.
Attentive, but not obnoxious waiter.
Gold star there for well trained  staff.
Carpaccio was excellent, wife's calamari was perfect, not overcooked, just crunchy little pillows of tasty, tender, seafood.
Peppercorn steak, for a change and perfectly cooked rare, tender and succulent.
Just enough peppercorn to bring a little heat and tang to the steak, She had the salmon, also tender and perfectly cooked.
Too full for dessert, but we did have espresso.
Well worth the price, enjoy

I decide to treat myself to dinner and I choose Fleming's as I had heard great things about this place.
Wow!
That is the best way to describe my experience here tonight.
From the moment I walked in until the moment I left was great.
Nick, my server was fantastic and attentive without being overbearing.
Dillon, Nick's "assistant" was a sweetheart and the Manager Mark was awesome.
I ordered the prime rib special they currently have going on and it came without  salad, main course with a side as well as a dessert for $29.95.
I like the end piece of the prime rib as I like to have a little bit of a crust.
It came out medium rare just like I like it and the crust on the end was perfect.
The sauteed green beans were just a delicious and as well as the Fleming's Salad.
I could have had two of those as that salad  really was that good.
I only ate half of everything (sans the salad) as I wanted to save room for dessert.
I was so excited to try the Chocolate Lava cake and I waited with anticipation to receive it as they are made to order and it takes 20 mins.
Sadly it was not all that great.
It may have just been me but the chocolate was way to bitter for my taste.
I have had quite a few different takes on the Chocolate Lava Cake and regretfully this one was not a favorite.
I did enjoy the vanilla ice cream that was topped with fresh pistachios though so all was not lost.
Nick, bless his heart was excited to ask me if it was a good as I remembered it and sadly I said no.
He immediately offered to replace the dessert but I told him no as I really was full and I was very content with eating the ice cream.
If people watching during the week is anything like it was last night , then I will definitely be back again to try their happy hour, which is nightly from 5-7 in the bar area.
It will give me chance to try some of their delicious appetizers and drinks for $6 each and of course to people watch :) Oh who am I kidding, I will be back regardless!

It was a well-priced happy hour for an upscale place, but I found the offerings to be quite limited.
Burger was just okay, salt & pepper shrimp was accompanied by green bean fries, but they were all covered in the same soggy batter.

Always great !!!!
Be to this Flemings about twenty times.
I like this location more because its less busy than the other scottsdale location .
Also you can buy gift cards from costco for $80 and get $100 face value.
What a bargin.

This is one of our favorite places, not just because the food and service is so great, but, because the staff is just terrific.
Mark, Cory, Tyler, Joey, Amy, Stephanie,(those are just the names I can recall off the top of my head) and everyone are just so kind and personable.
We always have a fabulous meal and really feel comfortable and at home.

This was my second dining experience at Fleming's and instead of dinner, my husband and I came for Happy Hour.
It was a beautiful evening, so we decided to sit on the patio.
We had a gorgeous view of the mountains and setting sunset!
Our waiter was quick to arrive and super enthusiastic, friendly, and helpful.
Throughout the night, every employee that stopped by our table was just as friendly and helpful.
It was great service the entire night.
The Happy Hour menu is titled "5 for $6".
That's 5 Cocktails, 5 Wines, and 5 Appetizers each for $6.
The cocktails all seemed to be different martini variations - some with rum, others vodka.
I asked about the Tropical Martini since I love tropical drinks (pineapple, oh yesss).
Our waiter described it in great detail and said how delicious it was, so I had to order it.
After one sip, my husband decided he needed one as well.
For appetizers, we ordered the calamari, the pork belly, the burger, and salt/pepper shrimp with green beans.
We also ordered a cup of the French Onion soup, since it's my favorite.
The calamari and soup came out first.
Our waiter split the soup into two for us, so we didn't have to fight over one bowl.
It was delicious!
The calamari my husband really enjoyed but I thought was just okay.
It was a little too chewy for my tastes and the breading was falling off.
Next, our pork belly, burger, and shrimp came out.
The shrimp was delicious.
There were five large shrimp breaded in a salt/pepper batter and deep fried to perfection.
The green beans were also coated and fried.
I really enjoyed the shrimp and could have eaten more.
The pork belly was delicious as well.
It came with grits and onion chutney.
The chutney alone was savory and sweet; very tasty.
When added to other items, it made the other items delicious.
My husband really enjoyed the pork belly and ate most of it.
The burger was good, but nothing amazing.
It had cheddar cheese and bacon, which was a plus.
We couldn't finish the burger, as we were so full from the other items!
Overall, it was a great experience and we will definitely be back again!

Loved this place.
From the atmosphere as you walk in, to the happy hour appetizers, to the great tasting steak, burgers, calamari..... Mmm... Just makes me salivate as I write this.
Some of the main meals can get a bit pricey, but well worth it once in a while.
The $6 happy hour menu has some of the best burgers available in AZ.
And the service we have had here the last two times we visited has been exceptional.
Well done to the whole crew at Flemings.
Our family will definitely be back.

What a great way to celebrate our anniversary!
We received a gift card through amex and decided to give Fleming's a try for our anniversary.
We are so happy we did and we will return!
We sat outside on the patio and loved the atmosphere.
It was a chilly evening but with the heaters it was perfect.
I had the Newport filet and my husband the peppercorn steak.
We shared both and were both pleased with each cut of meat.
They were both cooked perfectly.
The potatoes were to die for, we probably should have ordered an extra serving.
Our service was top notch.
Cody went above and beyond to make our experience perfect.
We were so comfortable and never had the feeling like we were dining at a large restaurant.
She was so personable and gave us her personal opinions on the menu and drinks, which we took and were so pleased with.
When we return we will be requesting her section again as we felt so welcome.
Thank you to Cody for making our evening even more special.
We can't wait to return not only for the amazing food but the service.
Everyone that came to our table was super friendly, it was so refreshing to have such great service.

We enjoyed a delicious dinner and great service.
Its a beautiful restaurant with a great atmosphere.
The steaks don't compare with Mastros but the entire meal was incredible and we highly recommend it for a great meal.

Your ticket to celebrating with the who's who of Scottsdale begins here.
Only get here before five.
Fleming's reminds me of Rao's in Harlem, with its too few booths and dozen or so bar stools.
If you want to enjoy your cocktail seated, if you don't feel like standing cheek to jowl with the many, lusting after one of these highly coveted seats, you'll need to arrive early.
Otherwise, the staff will banish you to the patio where you'll marvel at space heaters, a parking lot, and basically, a hoard of unlucky patrons whose untimely arrival caused them their no-so-great seating.
Not much celebration on the patio, unless of course you're tripping balls on acid, marveling over the wonders of propane-fired umbrella heaters.
I arrived early and was rewarded with one of their booths.
I watch as the bar hurriedly fills within moments of my being seated, this followed by the patio.
Fleming's is nuts to butts by 5:05 and I can see why.
Their happy hour menu.
Fleming's features half price drinks and appetizers until seven, all of which are over the top good.
I order one of everything and politely ask the server to bring me a suitcase full of manhattan cocktails to wash everything down.
She complies.
Now the fun.
Watching as newcomers arrive late with no place to sit, furtively eyeballing your seat, coldly calculating your departure by assessing how much of your partially consumed entree remains.
Much akin to a lady in a public restroom, these socialites will actually hover over your table until such time as the server shoos them away like the annoying social butterflies they are.
It's truly rewarding to see Scottsdale's entitled lusting after something I have for a change, even if it is a mere booth and not a Ferrari.
I hog the booth until seven, stumble out to parking area, you know, the one in plain sight of the patio people.
It's there where I throw-up the manhattans and too-too fabulous sweet chili calamari.
Oh well, that's the price you have to pay if you wanna party with the pretty people.
Fuck.
I wish I was a matador or something.

One of the least satisfying dining experiences my wife and I have had in a long time.
My Philly steak sandwich must have sat under the heating lamp for way too much time and something as simple as a loaded baked potato was cold and tasteless.
My wife said her lobster tail tasted fishy and old and could not eat more than a few bites.
She also ordered creamed corn which was loaded with jalapeño peppers which was not noted on the menu.
We have been here before and never had a great meal, but  tonight was sub, sub par.
I suggest you go to the Capitol Grill where everything is always excellent.

Lots of waiters running around enthusiastically asking us how they could help, but they never replenished my ice tea, or coffee; steak was overcooked and dry, very very expensive, did not tell us about $29 special on Sunday night for prime rib and it was not on menu!
There was a little piece of paper on table about prime rib special which we saw after we had ordered.
Why was it not mentioned?

A quintessential dining experience.
A place, unlike many others that always gets it right...I have never had a poor experience dining here quantifying both food and service...sitting at a table or at the bar.
This evening I truly treated myself to something I simply never eat: twin lobster tails...Those two little babies came out of the shell and with drawn butter and with a side of creamed spinach..Let me tell you that it was to die for...  And then came dessert...Berries with chantilly cream...  For me and my stomach: it was an evening to remember: Thank you Flemings....

Wow never thought i'd be so disappointed with a big name like Fleming's.
I dined here with my wife for a late valentines day since we where both working on the 14th.
I'll start off with the good: the service was friendly, on point, and knowledgable about the menu.
The appetizers were good mushroom ravioli and french onion soup as well as the steaks cooked just as ordered and very tasty.
The bad: a la carte menus mucho dinero for a little steak and nothing else.
The side I ordered, asparagus, was pretty scorched on the bottom for the price they should be cooked perfectly.
My wife ordered a special lobster tail, small filet, and Flemings potatoes.
Lobster tail was way overcooked to the point were the waiter could barely get it out of the shell and it tasted like rubber, the potatoes were bland and could have used more seasoning and to top it off the plates were hotter than hell like they had been left up in the salamander for to long.
Lastly the restaurant was just a little to warm and caused us to sweat through our meal.
Overall I will certainly not be returning and would not recommend to a friend.
2/20/2014 Update- the restaurant manager contacted the the next day after reading my review and sent a gift card to give Flemings another shot, I will update my review when we revisit this location.

1.5 Stars.
I don't know where to begin.
(Skip to TL;DR)  Service: Our server was not very pleasant in the beginning but he warmed up and then followed it with passive aggressive attitude when our orders came out wrong, or didn't come out at all.
Fun Note # 1: One busboy said he was "too tired" to be working when my wife asked how his night was going.
Food: My wife went with her typical non-steak choices: Wedge Salad and Shrimp Cocktail.
Her shrimp were forgettable.
Her Wedge salad came out with dressing on it, even though she asked for it on the side.
When they brought it back out, it was poorly presented on the plate.
My steak was cooked as ordered, but did not have any flavor to it.
It was just a really bad piece of meat.
We also ordered a side of asparagus.
This was a $10.95 mistake for us to share.
My wife summed it up with, "my Bird's Eyes microwavable bag has better flavor.
" There were also two stalks with their flower ends cut off.
If the asparagus is bad, do not serve it.
Soup: Soup?
I picked the French Onion.
It never came.
The waiter asked how our appetizers were, and I replied that it never came.
He took the melted butter that he just put on the table, and said he would "put it under the heat lamp" while he got my soup.
It's butter, just go get new butter!
The soup still never came.
Then he brought back the butter, which he relit, and said our food was on its way.
The soup was eventually brought out by the busboy with my steak.
I never ate it.
Fun Note #2: The jerk of a server asked if I was done with my soup when I was eating my steak.
I never touched it, and wasn't planning on letting my steak get cold.
Manager: The manager came over after hearing about my wife's salad mix-up to ask how everything was and to take it off the bill.
He was very polite, and even gave us his card.
(I don't think he knew about my soup.
)  TL;DR  Jerk server; messed-up orders; food never received; bland tasting steak (maybe the cow's fault?
) ; great manager

One of the best dining experiences I have had in a while.
Food was delicious.
The bread and spreads are addicting and it's a love/hate relationship.
I had the sliced filet which is a smaller portion but amazing with the porcini risotto and served with a little spice.
My boyfriend had the ribeye which was incredible and asked for a side of the peppercorn sauce- wow.
OKAY AND THE CREAMED SPINACH.
I've never been obsessed with creamed spinach, I mean?
weird.
But this stuff is like crack.
The molten chocolate desert was absurdly good and the wine we indulged in was fantastic (True Grit Syrah- Mendocino) Impeccable service.
I believe our server's name was Tom and he did everything right.
Made awesome suggestions, shared honest opinions and had great knowledge of both the wine and the food.
But it didn't stop with him, everyone involved was great and attentive.
The bussers and food runners were lovely as well, and then the manager stopped by to say hi towards the end of the meal just to see how everything went.

I am from out of town and have a second home in Scottsdale.
When I'm in town I usually make it a point to dine at least once at this restaurant,.
I like the location (DC Ranch), ambiance, menu, wine list and service (outstanding).
I am becoming disillusioned due to the kitchens inability to cook a steak properly.
This is the second time I have experienced this issue.
The first time my girlfriend and I came in for the steak and lobster special.
The lobster was cooked perfectly, but the steak was overcooked.
We sent them back and this time mine was acceptable and hers was again overcooked.
The third time for her was the charm.
The evening proceeded perfectly and the management graciously comped our meals.
Most recently I came in with a party of six, again for the steak and lobster special.
Again all of us that ordered the steak and lobster (4) had the steaks overcooked.
We returned them and the second time they were as we ordered them.
Again we had the meals comped that were not cooked to order.
Gilling steaks is not "rocket science".
I hope that management takes note of this issue, and better supervises the cook line.
I eat at Flemings for a variety of reasons, and getting a "free" meal is not one of them.

It has been approximately 2 years since we had gone to Fleming's at DC Ranch.
It had always been a great steakhouse but we were disappointed with out last visit on Easter Sunday for their brunch.
To give them credit we rarely go out to eat on holidays because it is usually chaotic and it certainly was that.
The restaurant wasn't as clean as we remembered and the service wasn't as attentive as we previously remembered The food quality reminded us of an upscale Outback.
We did receive the $25.00 dining card which was nice and we will give it a go one more time when it isn't so busy.

We returned last night to give Fleming's another try and we were very pleased.
The service was great, very relaxed atmosphere, much quieter and cleaner than on Easter.
Our server, Erica, who was excellent gave us a great suggestion on having our steaks with the pan seared crust which was delicious.
My husband had the bone-in New York strip which was huge and I tried the dry-aged ribeye which was probably one of the best steaks I ever had.
Both were cooked to perfection.
We had the grilled asparagus for our side, a great compliment to our meal.
My mother has one of their small plates, the filet mignon, which was the perfect size for smaller appetites and she loved it.
Erica also suggested the chocolate lave cake for dessert which was decadent and perfect finish to a great dinner.

Such a disappointment......
I stopped in today for an early dinner while visiting Scottsdale.
I have tried Fleming's before and had solid meals.
I ended up eating in the bar which almost requires a flashlight to see the menu.
If the tv wasn't on, I would have needed my cell phone to see anything.
The service was fine.
The bartender was attentive, nice.
I ordered several apps.
They all were sub par.
The first was barely lukewarm.
The second one, pork belly, had potential.
You could tell part of the plate was put together and was waiting for the pork belly.
I didn't want to tell the bartender they were 0 for 2.
The calamari showed up.
It was warm but very overcooked in a puddle of some sweet sauce.
The meal did fill me up but if i had to do it over again, I would try a different place.
Plenty of parking outside..

Nothing better than a filet with his friend oscar on top.
Well I guess if you place a couple tempura shrimp on the side...  And the best creamed spinach in the the whole world.
Hands down my favorite steak place.
Service, food and presentation.
The best!

Happy hour is great here at this restaurant....However you can tell they are part of a big chain working to cut costs where they can.....We tried dinner there last night....The Filet was very dry for med rare ....I have had better on my own grill purchased from a local grocery.....The shrimp cocktail is supposed to be huge shrimp as an appetizer for $17.00 and these were quite small, .the kind you would find commonly anywhere.
with no flavor...The single loaf of bread was cold and the outside of it was not crispy....The butter options were good though....My other half enjoyed the salmon and it was cooked perfectly...Overall for the price of dinner, I would not go back....HOWEVER I would do happy hour there again.....The happy hour menu is good and the prices are great....
I DO WANT TO SAY THE STAFF AND MANAGEMENT ARE IMPECCABLE....TRAINED WELL AND GO OUT OF THEIR WAY TO INSURE YOUR EXPERIENCE IS THE BEST IT CAN BE.....

