It's hard to give 5 stars to a burger joint - but I thought about it.
My only expectations were "expensive" as I had read something about a place with gorgonzola topped Kobe burgers.
I also didn't know if it was sit-down, counter service or what.
And does the "next-to-Barcelona" rub off in any good/bad/ugly way ?
Bottom Line:  A pleasant surprise!
Clean, quick, quaint but modern.
And it is sit down service provided by a friendly staff.
Polite.
Not overly professional but that isn't a bad thing - they sell burgers  .... and sorry to use the phrase but what a burger.
Perfectly cooked.
Anointed with my selections of fixings - most as part of the price - and choice of buns (including wheat).
And what *seems* expensive at $11 for a half pound Kobe burger ($8 for Angus half , $6 for Angus quarter pound), they serve bottomless drinks at a reasonable price ($2), and cheese, veggies, special sauces for covering your burger and a side dish were also included (best sweet potato fries I've ever had).
So in fact the net result was in line.
While I didn't have any, they also have Crab Cakes, Turkey Burger and an Organic Veggie Burger --- so plenty for lite to extreme veggie crowd!
Salads and sandwiches all in the $5 - $8 range were also available --- but that's for the 4th or 5th visit.
It's a nice little corner cafe --- good for a quick but tasty bite at lunch, or even a leisurely afternoon (Quality beer on tap and it even looked like martini service - but no I didn't indulge ;-).
And did I say my burger was near perfect?
Cheers

I love Blu Burgers food but the staff is just plain rude.
Ordering take-out from there is a true experience...and not a good one.
They hung up on me like five times because no one wanted to deal with me.
However, the burger was great and I liked how you can build your own burger from start to finish.
Eat at your own risk...waiters can be very mean.

We had a great lunch here last weekend.
We were looking for something relatively quick and easy, and this place hit the spot.
We sat outside since it was such a perfect spring day in Arizona, and my only complaint is that I wish their outdoor seating had more ambiance.
The outdoor area is sort of awkward, as you are basically perched on the parking lot (but hey, what's new in Arizona?
) I think the ambiance in that sense could be better, but for a burger joint, it was fine.
Their selections are good, too.
They really have something for everyone.
My husband had a classic cheeseburger, and I had a grilled chicken sandwich.
You have your choice of buns/bread, and you can basically create your own sandwich, which is fun.
We found the service very attentive and nice...we were in and out in less than an hour, but at the same time we didn't feel rushed.
The prices are decent...we paid $25 all in with tax and tip for 2 decent sized sandwiches, waiter service and drinks.
The fries were okay (I didn't think they were over the top), and the coleslaw was decent.
For what it's worth, I tend to base my ratings on the quality for the price you paid.
In this instance, it's 4 stars....for $25 and burgers, we were happy.
Had I spent more, I might have felt ripped off, but we were content (and rather full) when we left.
Is this a 4 star place for dinner?
Probably not.
However, if you just want something low maintenance, this is an excellent choice.
They also have plenty of salads and soups, too.

Good burgers - not terribly special.
We ate a Kobe Beef burger and I guess it was pretty tasty.
People will compare this place to Delux and to be honest, I don't really think that place is all that special either.
You can get a better burger at Z Tejas or even Big Fat Greek.
We also had a chicken Caesar salad and I thought it was decent... again, nothing terribly special.
They have funky silverware and glasses - which is neat.
I also kinda liked the diner atmosphere.
I thought the service was fine...
VERY attentive on drink refills, but they weren't that busy.
I think for the prices, they could offer cloth napkins.
Speaking of which, the prices here are a little steep for a burger, but not too far off what you would expect when you're already thinking of Delux.
I'd say to compare the two is like comparing apples to apples and not being able to tell much of a difference.
Gun to my head, I'm choosing Delux, but only because you get more fries and it's closer to where I live.
My actual first choice would be Z Tejas though.

Some of my friends (who are girls) & I really love this place, if only for the giant bowls of sweet potato fries.
The menu selection is great for those looking to stick to a diet or remain a vegatarian for a little while longer but the real meat burgers are tasty & frequently unique (lamb burger w/ yogurt sauce anyone?).
The atmosphere is pleasant and, like Max A. mentioned, the silverware is pretty nifty....i also like the spatula table numbers.
The girls & i generally split meals, as long as you don't tell them that's what you're doing because they'll charge you for it!

I like choices.
I like Blu Burger Grille because, while they serve other menu options, the central concept is building your own burger which means you've got choices.
I like the idea that you can build your own burger and that "burger" can mean other things like "lamb", "turkey", "veggie" , "salmon", Kobe, etc....
The other thing I like about the Blu Burger Grille is that they serve Sweet Potato French Fries as a french fries option!
(Although - to be honest - I still think that Fez serves better Sweet Potato FF and their garlic sauce is to die for.
)  I wasn't impressed with the service and the outdoor "patio" is overlooking the parking lot.
The place overall  is exactly what I've come to expect from Arizona strip mall restaurants.
But don't let my last paragraph deter you -- on the whole - it's a kind of fun experience - the true "blu" definition of "have it your way.

I like Blu Burger.
If you're a burger lover and like to have it "your way," this is a great choice for you.
There's a lot of competition in the "gourmet burger" market these days.
Delux is the Phoenix original and I'm a big fan.
Stax (in Old Town) is also very good.
I mention these others because, while I like Blu Burger, I wouldn't drive from Old Town all the way up to N. Scottsdale for it....I'd just go to Stax.
And, vice versa.
Blu Burger holds its own and does a great job, but not enough that I'm going to drive all the way across town for their "take" on a custom hamburger.
If you've got a group, Blu Burger is good choice for variety.
They have veggie, turkey, and salmon burgers, in addition to salads and sandwiches (egg salad, anyone?).
So, unless your friends are incredibly finicky, there should be something to please everyone.
I also applaud the fact that onion rings and sweet potato fries are available as sides.
All in all, Blu Burgers is 4-stars all the way.
Yummy food.
Friendly service.
They do the gourmet burger thing well and you'll walk away full and happy.

Absolutely disgusting.
Horrible fries, rancid tasting oily beef.
Careless staff.
Way overpriced.
Steer clear.

When I visited, it was like a ghost town here.
Unless Scottsdale is like my sleepy hometown of Irvine, CA, where nobody is really out past 8pm, then I have no clue why there were 0 people here.
Odd.
Anyways, I ordered up a Kobe burger and the onion rings, hoping that a large amount of grease would line my stomach and keep me from feeling sick.
That's the type of thinking you have when you have no medical training whatsoever.
Anyways, I scarfed the food down, and it was pretty decent.
Award winning?
No, not quite.
But it was a pretty sizable meal and pretty good quality as well.

This place is empty these days for a reason.
It took almost an hour to get my supposedly medium-rare Kobe beef burger.
I also ordered it with red onions, pickles, chipotle mayo, and on a whole wheat bun.
The chef of the evening decided upon himself to correct my order while in the kitchen.
I received a very well-done piece of mystery meat (it could have been dog meat at this point, the depressing char masking its true identity) with arugala and bacon on a white bun.
I sent the order back, because for $15, I should be able to make my own culinary decisions.
Shouldn't I?
This time, twenty minutes later, I received again a burnt piece of tasteless meat (maybe they ran out of salt and pepper and couldn't figure out where to buy some?
), but with the original toppings that I ordered.
Well, aside from the bun -- that remained white.
The meat also looked very familiar, and at this point I wouldn't put it past them to have just placed the patty under a heat lamp, went out for a few cigarettes, then returned the burger to me.
But I'm also just a cynical bastard.
I ate half of the burger before feeling like vomiting a little in my mouth, downed my water, paid (after hunting down my waitress), and left.
If you want to pay this much for a burger, go to Delux instead.
The quality at Blu Burger Grille appears to be extreme hit/miss.

Great burgers and sweet potato fries!
Just really too expensive, but I really like the food.

Being invited to dinner one doesn't have the privilege of choosing the spot so Blu Burger Grille seemed an ok spot to join out of town guests.
WRONG...Before I arrived I checked the site out and was disappointed to read an awful review but I went with an open mind.
I arrived before my party and walked into the grille to check it out.
I had to take a step back from the scent of fried oil or so it seemed.
The grilles sq.
footage is small with patio type tables and booths.
The host or cashier greeted me (chewing gum) and told me to take any seat I liked.
I opted for the outside patio while waiting for my party.
No one even ventured out offering me water nor did they take the time to clean the tables covered with grease.
Finally 15 minutes into my wait a server  came out and asked if I wanted a drink.
(Maybe he didn't see me at first).
With water and a menu before me I browsed to see my options.
The menu, original and entertaining, offered Step 1-6 Build Your Burger, clever "Lettuce" build your burger selections, salads, sandwiches and sides.
Well guess what, my dinner companions call and ask where I am.
Yep they picked Blu Burger Grille but at The Summit and thank goodness for change of venues.
Like night and day, so was the Blu Burger at The Summit.
Yes the menu was the same as were the booths and chairs but that was about all.
The Summit was clean with a fabulous stocked bar and excellent service.
My burger topped with mushrooms, onions and gorgonzola cheese was perfect.
The sweet potatoe fries crispy and tasty.
If you are craving for a burger try BLU BURGER GRILLE but at The Summit.

