Not your delivery pie.
Claiming to follow an 200 year old pizza recipe handed down by the gods or something, Porta Alba features a wood fired pizza oven right in the dining room.
Tasty pie.
A nice crust and not overbearing with the sauce and cheese.
My date said that the sauce was too acidic but she's totally crazy.
Still no Greenbush though.

Nice atmosphere, Great pizza.
A little slow on the service but worth it.
Had a chance to speak with the owner/operator.
Apparently the secret is in the dough.
He lets it rise a gazillion times so the yeast is fully risen and doesn't make you bloated for hours after.
Try it, it's true!
The sauce is a simple tomato which is perfect.
4 stars because the espresso was...meh.

I would give the pizza a solid 5 stars, but the service, as another reviewer indicated is horrible.
Every time I wanted water I had to ask for it, and the waitress served us the wrong salads.
In order to keep a business dinner running smoothly I had no choice but to ignore the waitresses gaffe.
If they get new servers, this could be the best pizza in Madison, despite the relatively high prices.

Simple, Neopolitan-style pizza cooked to order in their brick oven.
The crust is excellent, thin and soft.
They have an espresso machine, and if you like cappucino be sure to order one after you eat.
It was one of the best i've ever had.

First, the pizza - it grew on me.
Its simplicity fooled me at first but after a few pieces I began to crave more.
My only complaint is that it could have used a few more minutes in the oven.
The crust was a bit doughy for a thin-crust pizza.
The caprese salad was decent but not outstanding.
It was served ice-cold and tasted much better toward the end of the meal once it warmed a bit.
The wine was served in 'juice' glasses which was a cool touch of authentic Italian dining.
The service was pleasant but not fancy.
The semi-prominent  gas fireplace 'doesn't work because we have no gas'.
Okaay.
Overall a decent place.
The prices were ok and the pizza does have something special.
Probably better for lunch or a weeknight than a Saturday night dinner.

The Porta Alba tucked just off East Wash on N. Butler hides away an overlooked cubby that quite surprisingly holds a little Italian caf/restaurant complete with a wood burning oven featuring some very light and pleasantly simple pizzas and other Italian antipasto, striking at more of a vegetarian and earthy eater while still offering some carnivorous options.
Its tucked away location actually well representing what Alba serves as, not a heavier more played up restaurant like Peppinnos or Tutto Pasta but rather a nice weeknight or lower key place still serving fare that is a clear step up from what it could be.
The pizzas are on the doughier side, containing rich cheeses, flavorful vegetables, and the all important balance of flavors is established.
My only issue was the pizzas were containing of a bit more bottom crust than I wanted, albeit tasty, but still too much in comparison to the toppings.
In addition, to a menu pizza and a daily special pizza, a house salad had rich sweet and vinegary dressing with nice crisp greens.
Finally, a dessert pizza basically consisting of two thin layers of pizza dough and Nutella was initially tasty but left unappealing after one slice, my mild frustration in the crust proportions again reverberating.
This isn't to say, the Porta Alba isn't satisfying because it is without forcing heaps of food and heaviness onto you.
It's a refreshing option in light more Italianesque pizzas and dishes which taken in the right contexts are quite agreeable.

The pizza and salad are incredible as is the fireplace.
Again, I went here during lunch and it was not too packed.

Not really such great pizza.
They are trying to make authentic neapolitan pizza and even have a wood-fired oven, but the pizzas are pretty mediocre.
If you can make a succulent margherita pizza, then you've earned your neapolitan stripes, but the margherita at this place is sodden and boring and you eat it just to make it gone.
The place is just not up to speed.
Lombardinos is far superior, and they don't even have a wood fired stove.
Café Montemartre is also better, as is Natspil.

This is the only place in town to get gnocchi done right.
I had the gnocchi gorgonzola.
The dumplings had the perfect texture and sauce was a nice compliment to it.
I also enjoyed the atmosphere.
It's a mix of modern design with classic pieces, such as the wood fire oven.
They have a flat screen tv on the wall that does not play the sports game.
Instead they play La Vita Dolce and play opera over the radio.
The only downside was having to give my email to find out where there new location would be.

Had a pleasant Saturday night dinner here.
The atmosphere and the chewy crust deserve 4 stars.
Glasses of chianti with the view of firebrick oven and good conversation instantly produce the good dinner setting - I like this sort of thing.
The appetizers my guy and I ordered - mussels in tomato sauce and the house salad (insalata di casa) were 'meh' side, but the chianti and our very polite waitress compensated for the ok-ness.
I loved the elastic pizza crust.
It resists just so slightly when you try tearing them apart - again, my kind of thing.
It's a very pleasant consistency when sinking your teeth in.
And let's not forget the bite of salt from anchovi.
Very good.
I was glad to see this little local place packed on the Saturday night.
I hope they keep the fire burning at the new location.

I absolutely love this place, hadn't written a review but I looked at their website which says they are temporarily closed!!!
The pizza crust is about perfect, the mussels appetizer, the pasta specials (shout out to the gnocchi gorgonzola when they serve it--so money) and one of the better examples of tiramisu in a restaurant are all great.
I can't help but think that their closing/moving is due to how cheap the place is.
Every time I ate here, everyone with me thought that they were stealing something.
I loved watching Le Notti Bianci and other old Italian movies on the screen!
Oh, Cafe Porta Alba, please come back soon!
***UPDATE*** Their website now says they are opening a new location in Hilldale.
Woohoo!
Encouraging, although I'll have to drive there as opposed to being within walking distance of the Butler St location.

Cafe Porta Alba re-opened in Hilldale a few weeks ago!
I've gone a couple times already and am happy to report it's back in full swing, and the new location seems to be getting a lot more traffic than the old spot.
If anything, the pizza is more consistently delicious than it used to be.
Maybe something to do with their brand new oven?
Also they now have pasta as regular menu items rather than specials.
The dishes aren't quite as elaborate as the old specials since they have to turn them out every night, but still tasty.
Don't take my word for it, just go!!!
They tend to be kind of busy on Friday & Saturday night but they'll take your cell phone # and call you while you find something in Hilldale to keep yourself occupied.

Dear Yelp, unless I've started smoking crack again (unbeknownst to myself) and I was seeing things, this place is not closed!
In fact, I just ate lunch here!
After some fruitless shopping at Macy's (Wisconsin hates people with size 29 waists) the family and I decided to check out this little cafe.
It looked pretty nice from the outside and was just as nice on the ins!
Calm decor and comfy seating were key.
I ordered a Panini with mozzarella, tomatoes and basil and it came with a salad.
The kind waitress was nice enough to get it back to us quickly and here's my run down:  Panini: Great bread.
Good cheese.
Fresh ingredients.
Overall: A- Salad: Limp leaves.
Drenched in dressing.
Prickly and hard to swallow.
Some of my step Dad's pizza: Little too undercooked (even by Rome's standards) and a bit bland.
I feel like I may have ordered the best thing on the menu and would probably come back once more to give this place a redeeming chance.
However, I do not live in Madison and cannot do that, and quite frankly I was just not impressed enough for the 4th star.
If you're feeling famished after an hours worth of shopping and you're looking looking for a quick and easy bite of decent Italian, check it out.

The pizza was just "ok" crust was chewy and undercooked in the middle while the edges were good.
Pretty stingy with the cheese and toppings as well.
Went back another time and the pizza was better, bumping review up to 3 stars.

Have to qualify these comments   [because my last two 'zas were a double-buffalo mozzarella at Da Micheles in Naples (tasted like BUTTER),  and a prosciutto & funghi on  Iesolo Lido that was like melting, exploding heaven]   but the crust was a bit too puffy and bland (it was 430pm so maybe the oven wasn't zesty hot yet),  the prosciutto was like the thin slabs in packets at Woodmans,  the sauce had a strong tin-can tang (is the tomato paste opened and then refrigerated in the can?
),  and the miserly buffalo mozz (imported from Italy) on the  'regina'  (might local be better?
) got lost in the mix.
$16 bucks for something scrimpy like that, without real freshness nor sizzling panache, doesn''t make sense.
Though it's cheaper than a ticket to Naples.
Nice looking oven though, and GREAT service.

My family and I love to eat out; in fact it's our bona fide hobby.
And while we're a critical bunch,  we all LOVE Porta Alba.
My husband, my two sons (ages 8 and 12) clean our plates - and guilt free too.
Porta Alba's fresh, nutritious ingredients are lovingly prepared and leave us feeling full, but not "fat.
"   We ate there tonight and my youngest proclaimed, "this is the only place where I can also eat all the crust.
" With a touch of salt and a sweetness I can't quite identify, the crust is sublime.
On the note of taking kids - the listing reads - not good for kids.
I disagree, Italians are famous for incorporating kids at restaurants and we've never had an askance look.
On to the food.
All of the pizzas are wonderful.
I'm a vegetarian, so recommend the Alfina, topped with olive oil and fresh artichokes.
My boys all love meat and rave about the pizza bambina with the added salame topping.
You just can't go wrong with the menu.
Pair with a good red wine (d'Abruzzo is affordable and very drinkable) or a Peroni and finish with some of the best gelato served outside of Italy.
Porta Alba has ruined us for all other pizza joints in town.
Brava!

My husband was excited to take me to Cafe Porta Alba for what he said was great pizza.
I know that it is authentic Neopolitan pizza, but if having little to no taste whatsoever is authentic, then I'll pass on authentic.
BLAND!!!
I LOVE sauce and cheese on my pizza, both of which were lacking in quantity and taste.
The crust crunch on the outside and chewiness on the inside was good, but I don't go out to eat for crust.
I should've tried the pasta instead.
I compared my experience here to that of Villa Dolce in Middleton.
Villa Dolce's pizza had much more flavor worth paying for.

Terrible.
Horrible.
No good, very bad pizza.
Brought my mom who was visiting and who is also allergic to tomatoes.
Asked our waiter Ron which pizzas had no tomato sauce and he said they all do- no olive oil, no white pizza.
We ordered a special quattro formaggio for her - hold the tomatos.
When our pizzas came out mom's was the only one with tomatoes on it, while mine was literally just bread and cheese.
Was asked and he was kind of a douche about it, and told us that "that was a Neapolitan pizza" like we hadn't asked him what wouldn't have tomatoes.
We don't know everything, and we expect to be told correctly when we ask.
He ignored us for the rest of the meal, and brought our bill and apologized saying he was new and didn't really know the menu.
No discount, no offer to exchange our food, no attempt to apologize while the food was in front of us - and the bill was like $60 for 2 beers, 2 pizzas and a salad.
SKIP IT!
You want pizza in Madison - go to Roman Candle.
Better pizza, nicer staff...

Meh is the perfect descriptor for Porta Alba.
We went with a group of friends, of whom 2-3 had been at the old location.
I have no complaints about the decor, and really none about service.
Neither stood out for good or bad reasons.
The food...yeah, meh.
The pizza was okay.
(And yes, I am aware this isn't supposed to be American pizza.
I've tried pizza all over the globe and like each variation for its own reasons.
)  Even my husband, who will pretty much eat anything and at least say it was okay, was pretty meh about it.
I had a special pasta dish.
Just based on that, I would give a 3-3.5 however because it's not a normal option and what I tried of my dining companions' food was also meh, it's not enough to raise the overall score.
Upon leaving the restaurant, my husband and I immediately named this a we-won't-pick-this-restaurant-again-but-won't-throw-a-huge-fit-if-a-group-of-friends-want-to-go place.
Thankfully, we haven't had to go back.

If you think that good pizza = a toppings list that is a buffet table then stay with Pizza Hut.
Cafe Porta Alba is the real thing but some people wont get it.
That's ok with me.
Its keeps the riff raff out.

I've been here twice now, and I love it!
Their Allegra pizza is divine!
The only drawback to this place, is it's VERY noisy.
Be prepared to practically shout at the person you're with to be heard.

Very good.
I love my pizzas with no toppings, thin, with a good sauce and excellent cheese.
Cafe Porta Alba was a perfect fit for my personal choices.
I got take out and will get again.

I never went to this place in its old location, but since it arrived at Hilldale I have been at least 6 times.
Having eaten Neopolitan pizza in Naples, this is authentic, with the salty, chewy crust I remember and love.
And I love the little bit of char on the bottom of the crust from the wood fired oven.
However, American pizza it ain't.
The amount of toppings is not what we are used to here - it is fair to say that they are sparse.
Therefore, I always get the plain Margherita pizza with mozzarella, fresh clean tomato sauce, and a wee bit of basil.
Once I tried the Regina (with buffalo mozz) but I didn't think it was better, so I save money and get the Margherita.
The salads are very nice - creative mixes of ingredients, like figs and pear, with fresh greens and a little cheese.
Since I have a thing for gnocchi, I did try it once (though they only serve it after 5:00).
It was good, not great, and even though it came with what was called a gorgonzola sauce, I tasted only the 3 other cheeses - no gorgonzola.
It was a bummer.
For dessert, their Chocolate Truffle - a frozen custard/gelato ball - is quite good and very sweet.
The nutella pizza wasn't what I was expecting.
It's a pre-made pizza shell filled with nutella - I was hoping for a pizza with bubbling nutella right out of the oven.
Oh well.
The coffee is strong as can be, which I love.
My kids love the pizza like I do (mostly for the great crust) so we will keep going back for it.
Service is usually fine, but a couple of times it seems like the wait staff were wishing they were somewhere else, as in not waiting tables.
The price is reasonable overall.

Pizza... good.
Service... good.
Atmosphere... good.
What I didn't appreciate?
Being followed outside & accused of not leaving a tip on a $116 bill.
We left $38.
Funny thing is, our group of 6 were all restaurant managers/servers and would never think of leaving less than 20% on a bill for just ehhhh service.
Want GREAT pizza, GREAT service, GREAT atmosphere?
Try Pizza Brutta on Monroe Street.
(am unaffiliated by the way, just my neighborhood pizza joint that never dissappoints.

Absolutely delicious.
The pizza was the best I've had since I was in Rome, and it was served within 5 minutes of ordering.
Perfect for hungry girls.
We got the Nutella pizza for dessert... chocolatey sweetness that was hard to stop eating.
Glasses of wine were large for the average price tag.
Our waitress was attentive, but seemed slightly chilly or bored with us.

Yummers!
Wood-fired pizza!
Better than Pizza Brutta!

Absolutely LOVE their pizza.
Have been to Italy and this is the real deal.
It can be noisy and crowded, but the pizza is well worth it.
My husband and I won't eat any other pizza as none compare to Cafe Porta Alba.

After searching around the Cleveland area for great pizza, I found some excellent ones.
But NOTHING, not even some of the best in NY, beats Porta Alba for me.
I love this style of pizza, but often it is just not filling enough.
Not at Alba.
The pies are as hearty as they are light, if you can even imagine.
I haven't been to the Hilldale location, just the old one downtown, and that particular space was wonderful.
Intimate and cozy, you feel as though you've been invited to dinner at someone's house.
The owners are so nice.
The wine is a perfect complement to the pizza.
And the tiramisu was among the best I've had.
I dream of this pizza!!
Also, my friend Leslie sings there pretty often -- go and see her; she's amazing!

I'm not sure if this place's Napolitana cuisine is legit, but whatever kind of Italian it is, it's good!
I took my mom here for a birthday lunch recently and we were both pleasantly surprised.
The restaurant was only 1/4 full, and our service was very good.
The menu is a bit limited if you don't like olives, goat cheese, or ham (like me), but there are still options.
We decided to split a caprese salad and a vegetariana pizza, which turned out to be the perfect amount of food.
The salad was fresh and tasty, and the veg pizza was very robust flavor-wise.
We ordered a tirimisu for dessert, which was later taken off our bill when my mom casually mentioned it was her birthday.
It was different from any other tirimisu I've had--not as strong espresso flavor, coated in chocolate--but still good.
I'd go back soon (if I lived in Madison).

Amazing pizza!

Great Pizza!!
Great Wine!!
Walked passed their doors and the amazing aroma forced me in.
I couldn't resist.
I came back twice more the same week with friends.
Highly recommended!
Great place to hang out and eat with friends.

Cafe Porta Alba is true happiness in restaurant form.
My boyfriend and I walked past the storefront  and noticed just how amazing it smelled.
Unfortunately we had already eaten lunch, so we didn't go in.
After walking around for a little while, our curiosity got the best of us and we checked it out.
I had no idea what a treat I was in for.
This is INCREDIBLE pizza.
900 degrees in 90 seconds pizza.
A whole 12 inches full of wonder.
Amazing, simply amazing.
I ordered the pizza primavera, which is topped with spicy eggplant, zucchini, peppers, mozzarella, and magic.
Now, these are FRESH ingredients, so as time went on, the juices from the toppings (note: the mozzarella did NOT become oily on top as other pizzas do, this is a great quality cheese)  ran towards the center of the pizza and it became a little bit soggy.
But you know what?
It still tasted incredible.
I couldn't believe it.
Before I knew it, I had finished my entire pizza, and a glass wine even though I was still full from the lunch I had already eaten!
We went back 2 more times in the following 4 days with some friends.
The second time I had the gnocchi, which was very good, and served  in a perfect portion.
The third time I went I couldn't refuse the pizza primavera again.
If you want dessert, the gelato affogado (gelato drowned in espresso) is great.
They seem to have different flavors of gelato every day, I've tried the strawberry, green apple, and hazelnut, all of which were fantastic.

Very very good pizza,  and food served quickly so we could make our movie at Sundance.
Good list of wines by the glass.

I've been to Porta Alba a few times for the pizza and been over the moon about it!
I love wood-fired pizzas and they offer some of my favorite toppings and let me make my own combination.
So I was REALLY disappointed when I ordered pasta carbonara (which I had been craving for days) and it was like glue.
Little flavor, the sauce tasted like flour and water paste.
And after getting really good service in the past, our waiter on this visit was really blase.
Normally I would have sent food this bad back, but I was with a group of new-ish friends and didn't want the buzz kill.
But a really savvy waiter would have asked why I hardly ate anything and didn't want to take the leftovers.
I'll stick to the pizza from now on.

This place is amazing for pizza.
The wood-fire, fresh veggies and meats make it unique and delicious.
You must get to dessert and try the nutella pizza, it's an OMG moment!
You can't get enough of it.
It's pizza dough stuffed with nutella and baked in the same wood-fire oven.
Truly Amazing!
I've been there twice, the second time I had the seafood pasta (which my boyfriend loves) and I wanted pasta instead of pizza so I decided to try it.
However, i thought it was a bit dry.
It was still good and I was starving so I ate it all, but I would have liked it to have a little more of the sauce to stir my food in.
We would definitely return, especially for the dessert!!

Great pizza from their Neapolitan pizza oven - Neapolitans invented it - how could it get better - pleasant atmosphere - unpretentious - reasonable price - wonderful pasta and gnocchi

We drove up to Madison for the weekend and this place was on my list of must-eats, thanks to Yelp.
First, because it's in a shopping center, this place has all the ambiance of an Einstein's Bagels.
That said, the food and the service more than made up for the lack of character.
We were seated immediately and greeted by a very young, friendly, knowledgeable waiter.
We ordered the Carciofini to start while we decided which pizza to try.
We decided on the Regina, which is  Buffalo milk mozzarella from Italy, tomato, and extra-virgin olive oil.
My husband is a Chicago pizza guy.
The more cheese, the better.
Whereas I like a more delicate blance of ingredients.
This.
Hit.
The.
Spot.
The tomatoes were tangy and fresh, the cheese not over-abundant, the crust thin and tender-crisp.
Our waiter was attentive without hovering, and when he learned the chef hadn't mad the tiramisu yet for the day (it was early) he brougt us some ladyfingers and marscapone on the house, to complement our coffee.
This is true Neapolitan pizza.
I wish I could find something like this in Chicago.
Guess I'll just have to drive up to Madison more often.

My husband and I were visiting from out of town and stumbled upon this place.
We had been out bike riding all morning and needed to stop somewhere to eat lunch.
We were craving some specialty pizza and this place was close by and had good reviews so we thought we'd try it out.
Hello!!!!
The pizza here is delicious!
They make a traditional type of pizza that is native to Naples and it reminded me of the pizza I had while in Sicily and Malta.
It's 12 inches, plenty for two, and they cook it at 900 degrees for like 90 seconds.
The food comes out fast, hot, and perfectly cooked.
I wish I could have one right now!!!!
If you are looking for some seriously delicious pizza this is the place to go!!

I was in Madison for business and someone had recommended Cafe Porta Alba.
OMG the pizza was so good it was cooked to perfection.
Amazing you have to definitely check out this place.
I will definitely be back.

Best mussels EVER.
I've been to Cafe Porta Alba several times (I go back for the mussels in red sauce), but every time I am pleasantly surprised.
The food is great, and I will undoubtedly go back.
My only criticism is of the service.
The servers here are very pleasant, but a little slow and inexperienced.
On our last visit, our server was very nice, but didn't really know how to serve us a bottle of wine, pour a taste, and offer to refill our glass, which actually didnt bother us at all (we know how to pick up a bottle and pour it ourselves)  but this might upset certain other diners who are less forgiving.
Maybe the issue is simply teaching the staff how to pour wine?
Who knows.
All in all, I love the place, and I'll be back.

I am going to have a plethora of reviews coming because I have been slacking for a month.
So, lets get to it!
So my wife, daughter and I were at Hilldale and decided to try Cafe Porta Alba.
First off I want to say the food was decent, I enjoyed my Pizza that was non-filling but was not a happy camper from the time I saw the menu.
I am a simple man with a pizza fetish and seriously all I want to do is order a Sausage and peperoni pizza.
Is that so hard?
Well, I got the Sausage at Cafe Porta Alba and yes...it was good.
So why the bad review?
WELL, from the minute we sat down we felt unwelcome.
The waiter who waited on our table was snobby, unhelpful, and arrogant.
Seriously when I want to order a "Sausage and Pepperoni" pizza you do not have to respond with "Ugh, we don't have Peperoni.
"  Ok, how about you say it without the attitude dude!
So I ask for a Sausage pizza and he responds by pointing at the menu, "you mean a margherita pizza with sausage added to it.
"  Arrogant asshole.....just get my pizza!
Yes it was good but I am sorry you are an arrogant prick and that was just 1 example of it throughout the dinner.
Besides the ass who served us the closeness of our dining neighbors was like a piercing in my ears since they were like 1 foot away from us.
I now know that this guy Loves the Sopranos and his date (1st or 2nd date) hates his conversation so much that the needlepoint deer on her sweater even covered their ears.
Can we spread the tables out a bit so we can have our own convo without having to hear others and have them hear us?
Honestly, the food was good but the experience was terrible.
Normally I would finish with some funny line here but I can't because "ugh, I don't have one"

Really wasn't impressed with Cafe Porta Alba.
We ordered a pizza and pasta dish, which were overpriced in my opinion, and both my husband I left hungry.
They boast about their 900 degree oven, but the pizza was really nothing special.
Definitely wouldn't waste time or money there again.
Check out the sushi place a couple doors down - now THAT'S worth the splurge!

Went Here on a Thursday night for a class on how mozzarella is made and their pizza.
It showed how much they love their food, passionate about it and want people to understand and love it also.
During the class we had their pizza(Regina, Allegra) and tiramisu which were all delicious.
The waitress was friendly and helpful and the owner greeted everyone.
Been here another time and the owner was also present.
Something you don't see very often anymore and should.

I tried the mussels, based on a previous review and they are definitely NOT the best in the world.
The sauce was too thick (supposedly white wine, tomato) but it was more like a marinara.
They also added parmesan cheese on top...not a huge fan of cheese on seafood (even in Wisco), exception being cream sauces.
The mussels were cooked well though, I'll give them that.
I also tried the pizza and found Pizza Brutta to be much better.
If you want good Neapolitan pizza, I would suggest going there first.
Overall not bad, though I probably won't go back for awhile.

Madison has so much good Italian that it can be hard to choose.
So we read all of the yelp reviews before making a decision about where to go last night.
We decided on Cafe Porta Alba and their promise of authentic neapolitan pizza (admittedly, due in small part to having recently watched Anthony Bourdain's recent travels through Naples).
Based on the reviews, we expected great pizza, hit or miss mussels, and poor service.
Instead what we found was:  1.
Crazy, good pizza!
Best I've had in Madison.
Makes you wonder why Americans went and ruined pizza.
Amazing mussels!
Prepared in a hearty red sauce, each mussel was fresh and meaty.
And it's served with bread, so good I nearly cried.
We LOVED our server!
An example of her greatness: We were about to order a bottle of the primitivo when she stopped us to say we'd probably be happier with the barbera, then offered to bring us a taste of each.
She was right and our meal was that much better as a result.
Plus, she was darling and personable and gave us great pizza recommendations.
Bonus!
There was live music (it was a Saturday night) that made for a lovely ambiance, especially since (as other reviews have pointed out), the decor isn't much to speak of.
We loved it.
We're going back.
You should too.

I tried the Allegra Pizza for lunch with the addition of garlic, prosciutto and parmesan shavings.
It was one of the best pizza's I've ever eaten.
The waitress said "usually people try to build their own pizza and I question it...This pizza is one I would actually try.
"  I had to come back later that night for dinner to have it again.

We've given this several tries now, most recently tonight.
Apologies to those that love this place, but the pizza is not great.
Too doughy, too thick.
Pizza Brutta is much, much better.
So is Villa Dolce in Middelton.
I will say the antipasti we had - the Parma - was good.
Service is good, friendly and the food comes out fast.
But the pizza is meh.

I went here last Sunday night with my boyfriend.
We loved it!
The food was so GREAT.
I had the gnocchi, and he had pizza.
We also ordered the bread which was also delicious.
We wanted to order dessert as well, but they told us the kitchen was closed.
That's the reason for only 4 stars.
The service was pretty bad.
They seated us, and then ignored us until we got up and asked a waitress to take our order.
When someone finally came over to our table, she was pretty rude.
But, overall the food was very yum, so I will definitely be back!

Very simple.
I LOVE this place.
I love a restaurant that picks one thing and does it well.
I usually get the Regina, and will sometimes try the special.
There is a good selection of reasonably priced wines and the dessert is also pretty fantastic.
I have always had great service and recommend the place with frequency.
Yum!

First of all--the description states:  Not good for kids.
I was there with my six grandchildren (the youngest is two) and the staff could not have been more welcoming.
They actually presented the kids with their own pizza dough and let them shape it into whatever they wanted and then baked it for them along with our order!
The food is great (they could be a little more generous with their toppings) but all in all, a great place for children.

Food is delicious, the crust is a delicacy in itself.
The freshly made gelato is a great finish.
The service a little slow but the staff are lovely.

Eh.
Not the best pizza of this type I have ever had ( Try Pizza Bruta, but that's a review for a different day).
Atmosphere was nice, prices were decent, but the food really wasn't as good as it was cracked up to be.
Worth a shot though.

Dinner 10-26-12 Football in Madison Weekend!
Checked out this restaurant before a movie at Sundance.
Food: Pizza-we did our own thing because my friend is dairy sensitive and doesn't like meat.
So we minus cheese and add oven roasted mushroom and truffle oil.
It was great!
We also ordered gnocchi and again they accommodated us by substituting an alternate sauce so we could skip the major cheese.
For dessert we had the hazelnut/chocolate pizza--It was BOMB!
A tad too large for 2 people but we were happy to try and eat it!
Drink: We got carafes of white and red house wine.
Nicely priced and pleasant to drink.
It can get a bit crowded and they don't take reservations though if you are on your way to the restaurant they will put your name on the list which I think is pretty nice.
I am sure its more like 4 star food but our waitress was very nice and when we made special requests it was no problem at all.
I appreciate the service.

I so, so want to give this five stars.
Badly.
But, you know how we New Yorkers (okay, NJ/NY) are--we're pretentious dicks...especially when it comes to pizza.
And so, because this place isn't in NYC or NJ, I have to minus it a star.
I reiterate: pretentious dicks.
Yup.
Cafe Porta Alba is one of only a handful of pizza places in the US recognized by the prestigious Associazione Vera Pizza Napoletana, which certifies pizza places as producing authentic Neapolitan pizza.
Pizza made in this style is baked in a brick oven at extraordinarily high temperatures, with the pizza fully cooking in about 90 seconds.
Naturally, when we heard about this place, we had to go check it out.
We ordered three separate pizzas and split them all-they're about 12 in diameter and designed for one person each.
We got a basic margarita pizza, another with fontina, spinach, and sausage, and then the one with olive oil, fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, and arugula.
True to their word, the pizzas each came out very quickly.
The ingredients were fresh, high quality, and delicious.
These pizzas have a very unique crust-thin and chewy, but absolutely superb.
My personal favorite was the margarita pizza, with its incredible homemade sauce  and fresh mozzarella...it's simply indescribable.
It's always nice when a restaurant really puts the time and effort into their food to ensure that the quality of their product is exceptional-in this situation, that was absolutely the case.
The total for all three of us, with tip, was $42, or $14 each.
Pricey for pizza?
Sure, but with this kind of quality, it's more than worth it.
I would go back in a heartbeat, and certainly plan on doing so in the future.
Thumbs up all the way.

Slightly slow service but well worth the wait.
Fantastic pizza, pleasant service, and authentic Italian atmosphere.
Forgot I wasn't in Italy!
I would give it 5 stars if they had more menu items to choose from.

I'm sure the group I was with had something to do with it, but I had a ball last night at Porta Alba.
Good wine, good company, courteous service, fantastic pizza, and nomnom deserts.
I had the Capricciosa pizza (mushrooms, olives, artichokes) and added prosciutto on top.
I was expecting tiny tiny pieces, but I certainly got my +$2 worth!!
Huge pieces draped over the pizza.
This heavenly creation also cemented my belief that pizza should always have artichokes on them, it is simply sooo good, especially paired with olives and ham.
Other people had the mussels and they looked pretty good, though the sauce looked super thick like others have said (just an observation; it's great for mopping up with the flatbread).
For dessert?
Chocolate gelato with an espresso shot over it (affogato).
Why get anything else?

Amazing Neapolitan style pizza served up in a flash 90 second record in a wonderful wood burning stove.
Ooey gooey cheese and authentic topping options like anchovies, fresh basil and prosciutto.
I snagged a slice from my husband who got a caramelized onion and pancetta pizza with buffalo mozzarella and tomato sauce.
YUM!
It's personalized size, but substantial.
Definitely left overs.
I'm a sucker for suckers, particularly suckers on squid.
I ordered the seafood pasta.
Penne in a white wine sauce with calamari, mussels, basil and tomatoes.
Very simple, but very lovely.
Straight up the Italian way.
Service was sloooooooow.
I noticed the other tables were moving way faster than ours however, so maybe we just had an inexperienced waitress.
No matter the wait, we will definitely be going back.
Now, THAT'S amore.

So I'll be really honest, I normally I don't like eating pizza, but I decided to give this pizza a try.
And boy I'm glad I did!
The toppings vary from more well known ingredients like sausage, salami, and mozarella, to some more unusual   items like prosciutto and parmacotto.
I got the prosciutto, arugula, and mozarella pizza, and it was great!
The saltiness of the prosciutto compliments the bitterness of the arugula and rounded flavor of the mozarella.
But the real star of the show is their dough!
All their pizzas are flash fried for 90 seconds in a 900 degree oven, which gives them a unique texture.
The dough is soft and chewy with a slightly crispy exterior that has a lightly charred taste (that's a good thing!).
Also it is surprisingly filling given the size of the pizza.
Everyone at my table was happily full at the end of the meal.
Now for everything else: the atmosphere was very cozy and warm.
Service was friendly, and our food came out fairly fast and steaming hot.
Only thing to complain about was that the wait to get seated was long, but I suppose that's to be expected on a Friday night.
Overall it was a great experience.

After years of hearing how great Cafe Porta Alba is (both at the former Butler St. location and its current Hilldale spot) my wife and I checked it out with friends last night.
Now I can tell you about how great Cafe Porta Alba is: it's pretty great.
Our service was efficient, friendly and helpful.
The only complaint I might have is the sheer number of amazing pizza selections.
All of them sound wonderful.
We went with a mushroom pizza and another that was flash fried with smoked mozzarella cheese on top.
Both were astounding.
The pasta dishes are few in number but delicious.
The ragu is rich and flavorful if not quite as tender as I anticipated (which is by no means to insinuate the meat was tough).
We will definitely be back.
Maybe they'll get an additional star by having coffee beans to float in the Sambuca.
How do you serve espresso and not have a few coffee beans around?

Great service.
Our waiter was absolutely amazing.
He was attentive, but also respected that my girlfriend and I were having a serious conversation.
I liked my pizza, although I normally prefer crispy crust and the Nutella Pizza is TO DIE FOR.
If you like Nutella you have to get this pizza, totally worth it.
Wine glasses are small for the price (mostly a 4 becuase of this).

I have dined here on multiple occasions.
The pizza is very good.
I just have a few issues with the place.
First, they only have beer and wine.
No rum and cokes for me!
Secondly, most of the pizzas don't have meat on them.
As a carnivore I want sausage and pepperoni!
Third, they don't have much for kids.
Overall, I would say the place is ok. Just very convenient when you live 3 blocks away!

I've been here about 20+ times...
It's the closest thing to the pizza my wife and I loved in Italy.

Cafe Porta Alba is a traditional Neapolitan pizza restaurant adjacent to Hilldale mall.
The interior is simple but traditional, with a very high ceiling, polished concrete floor, marble tables, and slightly battered wooden chairs and benches.
In the rear,  a huge wood burning pizza oven made in Italy dominates.
Silverware, glasses, and plates are all basic and sturdy, but not cheap -- everything comes off very traditional and authentic.
The food was just was traditional and pure.
I had a small plate of marinated Cerignola olives and salami to begin.
The salami was good but unremarkable and a few of my olives were a touch overripe.
There's not much in the way of seasoning in the marinade, so the flavor of the fat olives comes through.
The pizza oven is at 900 degrees and the pizza cooks in just 90 seconds, so don't expect a long wait.
My pizza Regina was perfectly prepared and delicious.
The toppings are crushed San Marzano tomatoes, buffalo milk mozzarella imported from Italy, fresh basil, and a drizzle of olive oil.
the crust was moist in the center and dry and puffy around the edge, just as it should be.
The char on the bottom was minimal and did not interfere with the pizza's flavors in any way.
Excellent.
The recommended wine as a chilled and slightly fizzy red from Italy.
It was an excellent complement to the pizza and worth the $8.00 charge for a glass.
The menu had quite a few pizza options, 3 or 4 simple pastas, and several salads.
All looked good and the salads I saw others had were quite large.
The dessert menu had traditional desserts and a good spread of Italian aperitifs, both with good explanations of what they are to the uninitiated.
It's obvious the owner takes a lot of pride in his work.
I'll be back with a friend to split a salad and a pizza.
It would be a perfect lunch or light supper with a date or a friend.

Not For Me  Had a lunch date with my wife and was looking forward to a delicious meal.
I was so disappointed in the experience that I will not be returning.
Service was friendly but the waitress was new and could not offer explanations of the menu.
I then spilled my water and while we remained dry the tablecloth was soaked and it was never addressed.
No private conversation here - you are rubbing elbows with the people on either side of you while trying to balance all the dishes on the tiny table.
Now to the food ... we ordered the EMILIANA salad.
It was the usual mix of fancy greens but it had absolutely no flavor and few tomatoes.
Next we tried the FOCACCIA.
It too had no seasoning and was really just a pizza crust.
Then came what I hoped was the highlight of the meal, the VOMERO pizza.
The meat tasted so bad I had to remove it.
The rest wasn't anything worth eating.
$22.50 for the food alone was too much for this tasteless lunch.
This date was a bust save for the company.

Another great, multi-meat pizza, plenty of portion, the great Neopolitan pizza of crust heaven, and at a more than fair price.
I am always happy when I'm out that way (form downtown, by bus) to know I will stop in here and enjoy.
Also love their american coffe = espresso and hot water, yum.
I'd give it 5 stars, but, as good as it is, it is only pizza.

My favorite place in the city, hands down.
This place is freaking fantastic.
TRULY authentic Neapolitan pizza cooked in an  brick oven the owner imported from Italy, its so soft and doughy and delicious.
The ingredients and toppings are top notch, and the wine selection is great.
Definitely try the suggested wine, the Gragnano, its a frizzante red that goes amazing with the pizza, the owner imports it specially from Italy, you can't get it anywhere else in Madison.
As an indication of just how awesome this place is, when we asked where we could get the wine and found out it was imported specially, the waitress offered to sell us a bottle for a discount to take home!
Try the Maialina, or the Alpina, and prepare to be amazed.
And don't fill up on dinner, because the nutella dessert pizza is incredible.

I won a giftcard to Cafe Porta Alba so I decided to make my work-wife chow down on pizza with me.
We ordered a carafe of the red table wine, a margherita pizza, and a antipasti platter.
The pizza and accompanying sauce were fantastic.
The sauce had the perfect blend of salt, spices and just that hint of sweetness.
The thin crust was cooked perfectly..soft but with the perfect amount of "bite" to it.
The table wine was table wine (my thoughts on the wine are neutral....
I am a beer-girl by nature, so I know crap about wine.
I drank it.
Acquired a pleasant buzz.
Great success).
The antipasti was delicious as well...I believe we had the Antipasto de Casa.
The amount of food was just right for two women.
We ate the pizza and the antipasti and were pleasantly full.
Our waitress was a little pushy.
We went at 8 pm on a Friday night.
All the tables were full, but there were no patrons waiting to be seated.
I have not seen this friend of mine in a few weeks so we needed some time to catch up before we placed our dinner order.
I appreciate prompt service, and I can understand our servers desire to place a beverage order for us, but I felt as if she was really rushing us out of there.
We ordered our wine, and she kept coming back to see if we were ready to place our dinner order.
We hardly had time to chat OR finally get around to looking at the menu between her coming and going from our table.
Persistent waitress aside, I will be back.
This is the best pizza I have found thus far in Madison.
While I am not a NY pizza snob, I am a Chicago pizza snob.
For now, this will suffice.

Pizza.
Fresh ingredients.
Quickly made.
Very, very tasty.
The only negative is the close layout of the tables, but we will definitely be going back!

This is pizza like I've had in Europe.
Fantastic crust.
Gives Il Ritrovo (Sheboygan, WI) a run for its money.
Prices seems fair and service was good.
Nice atmosphere.
Family friendly, date friendly.
The espresso is Lavazza which is why I'm only giving this restaurant 4 stars: with all the great specialty roasters in Madison it would be nice to see non-institutional coffee served.

Been here a couple times and enjoyed it immensely.
Can't remember the exact pizza that the Mr. &  I had the first time on a lunch date, but it was vegetarian and delicioso!
There is some magic in their crust, I'll tell you that much.
We also love it when we see a Montepulciano on a wine menu.
It's not as common as it ought to be.
Saturday night around 7:30 we decided last minute to go out.
We tried 3 super swanky restaurants and they all had 1-2 hour wait times.
We inquired at Cafe Porta Alba and were told 10 minutes.
Que buona fortuna?
There was live music and it was cheery without being too loud.
How many restaurants have the owner working in the kitchen, who then stops cooking long enough to jam with the band?
Cafe Porta Alba does!
Other than an Italian film playing on a flat screen, there wasn't much wall decor, but that shouldn't matter because the art is on the plate.
My hubby enjoyed the Barbera and I was happy to see two Chiantis on the wine list...though I wish I would have had a glass of each instead of two of the same.
Guess I'll have to go back.
See how sad I am about that?
We both had the Seafood Linguine and the noodles tasted like they were freshly made.
Bonus!
The sauce was light and fresh, and the seafood was rich; a perfect balance.
The mussels were a little salty but very tender and I gobbled them up.
The shrimp was cooked to perfection, and the scallops seemed carmelized and had a smokey flavor that made me want to keep eating even after I was getting full.
The portion sizes were very sensible.
My hungry hubby finished his dish, but I set aside some of mine to leave room for dessert...AND to have a fantastic lunch the next day (the leftovers were so good I ate them cold!).
Speaking of cold, we ordered the Chocolate Truffle for dessert, and I don't know what zabaione cream is, but it was surrounded with chocolate gelato, sprinkled with carmelized hazelnuts, and then the whole thing was dusted with cocoa powder.
I took the smallest bites I could just to make it last longer.
Our server Clay (I think!?
) knew how to perfectly pace the entire meal, and on this busy Saturday night he was courteous, collected, and efficient.
He also paused while taking our order to give applause to the live musicians, and since I'm married to one, I was tickled that he took the few seconds to show his appreciation.
A++ for him!
One of the questions Yelp asks: Is this good for kids?
Errrr...I'd say maybe the 6+ crowd, IF they're the well-behaved ones who can QUIETLY sit still through a meal.
If they're expecting Chuck E Cheese cardboard & grease pies, don't ruin everyone else's night when they're subjected to REAL food and throw a tantrum.
Not a lot of room for baby carriers either, so if that's what your packin', come by in the off hours and you'll have plenty of room.

This is the place I compare all other neopolitan style pizza to.
So far I haven't found any place that's better.
One of my favorite restaurants in Madison!

Porta Alba is an "irish pub" of pizza.
The sort of pizza joint that is commonplace in more affluent neighborhoods, offering a more "european" atmosphere and pizza.
Don't be fooled.
the pizza is nothing to rave about, unless you are impressed by paying over $12 for a small piece of dough with some tomato and cheese slopped on top.
Here was our dinner: one personal pizza, one pasta entree, three salads and 1/2 carafe of wine (all of which was ok at best).
The price: $80 including the tip.
Estimated true value: $20.

After trying to find someone to venture all the way to Hilldale with me from the far East side simply in the name of pizza, I finally got to try some of the wonderful Neopolitan pizza that they are serving up at Cafe Porta Alba!
I tried the Salsiccia, which included italian sausage, mushrooms, garlic, and homemade mozzarella.
It was absolutely delicious and I loved that each slice had the perfect proportion of each topping!
As many other reviews have mentioned, the crust was also amazing, soft and toasty on the inside and crispy on the outside.
Besides the spectacular pizza, I really liked the restaurant's atmosphere!
It is the perfect mix of classy and cozy that makes it perfect for either a date or a dinner with family and friend.
Also, I really liked the large variety of pizzas they offer, making it easy to find one to fit everyone's taste.
I will definitely be back soon!

We were up in Madison with our daughter.
It was pouring out and we were at the mall doing errands.
We all decided we would stay in the mall for dinner so we wouldn't have to travel in the storm.
We settled on going here.
There is not much of a selection, but what they do have is great!
We all got a woodfired pizza.
Daughter took home the leftovers.
:-)  The pizza crust is so chewy and crisp at the same time.... with those fun "dough bubbles" that make a woodfired pizza the best!
Hubby got something with sausage.
Daughter and I got vegetarian ones we could share.
Mine had smoked buffalo mozz, arugula, and lemon.
It was very different, but great.
Daughter and I said it was the perfect pizza to get if you are sharing since we wouldn't want ONLY this type to eat.
She got a Veggie pizza.
We all thought the pizzas were excellent.
We had olives for appetizer.
It was a nice nosh.
I had a campari with prosecco.
Hubby got a beer.
They have wine too.
Not dessert for us.
We were going to a movie at Sundance and needed to save room for the great snacks they have there!

Really hoped to like this place as I had heard so many people did, but found it to be mediocre.
None of our food was hot (we had a panini, a pizza and a latte) everything was lukewarm.
Neither of us liked the salami that was used on the pizza.
When you have a choice between here and Pizza Brutta, I don't know how you would not choose Pizza Brutta.
Maybe we just hit it on a bad day, but probably won't be back.

I got take out from here recently and the pizza I received left much to be desired.
Though the staff was very friendly and fast.
As someone who has lived in both Italy and new York I like to think I know good pizza and this is not it!
I usually love thin crust brick oven pizza however this pizza was constructed very poorly.
To start with the crust was burnt so most of the flavor was killed by that right off the bat.
The artichoke hearts were completely dried out and there was hardly any cheese on the pizza.
The ham also left much to be desired, it looked like cold cuts that had been torn up and tossed on the pizza.
Finally seasoning, there was none!
It was so bland, no basil, no oregano, not event salt or pepper.
I would not eat here again

Porta Alba seemed to be firing on all cylinders when I went for a lunch with colleagues.
The space is open and inviting, classy, yet laid back.
Great for a business lunch or a dinner date.
We were immediately greeted by a friendly staff member and an equally friendly and helpful waiter.
They serve a wide variety of Neapolitan style pizza options that you'll be struggling to narrow down your choice to just one pie.
I ordered the Salsiccia, which was excellent - great topping to cheese ration, nice sauce, excellent crust.
I did split it with a colleague who ordered a special of the day pie that had a pesto sauce and greens.
Both were excellent, but I felt the special pie was a little too generous with the salt.
If Porta Alba were in my own neighborhood, I would definitely be frequenting this place often to cure my pie fix.

I love love love this place!!!
so delicious.
The owner is actually from Naples so you know you are getting the good stuff!
If you want good, fresh, italian pizza I would definitely come here.

This is authentic Italian pizza at its best.
I've eaten pizza in Italy, and this takes me back every time I go here.
We recently went for my birthday, and I was once again pleased with the outcome.
Both pizzas that we ordered came out piping hot in no time at all.
Ingredients tasted fresh.
Toppings are not heavy, but the flavors are strong due to the high quality of ingredients.
It's exactly how authentic Italian pizza is supposed to be.
It was a nice atmosphere, and service was efficient.
We even ended with the nutella pizza for dessert.
My one and only complaint, is they gave us a small amount of gelato for the size of the nutella pizza.

I just happened to be passing by today and thought I would give the place a try.
Atmosphere wise, Cafe Porta Alba pulls off the contemporary pizza cafe look very well - low key but elegant.
Quiet and appropriate music plays in the background.
The cafe has a small menu (a good thing in my book as you can usually be sure of a pleasant meal no matter what you select.
I chose to try the gnocchi and it was excellent - perfectly cooked and salted like a charm.
This is one restaurant that worries less about delicate american sensibilities and more about authentic cuisine.
I'll be back!

We came here and dined al fresco on a late-summer Wednesday night for my son's birthday dinner.
He picked it.
He's 10.
Whatever happened to Chuck E. Cheese, kiddo?
Just kidding.
I'm glad he has champagne taste (even if it's on my dime), and I apologize to Cafe Porta Alba for mentioning CEC in the same graf.
It goes without saying -- there is no comparison.
I work near Porta Alba's sister pizza joint, Novanta, on the west side, and I have raved about the pizzas there so I won't go into detail other than to say they're the same: fast yet of the highest quality, creative combinations, sauce better than your mama's -- don't even try arguing with me -- and the mozzarella and basil are fresh and that matters, big time.
The ragu guardaporta -- doorman's ragu served over ribbons of pasta -- is classic Neapolitan comfort food at its finest.
Guard the door if I'm around, because I will steal seconds... and thirds.
The only nitpick on this otherwise outstanding experience is that while the pizzas are fast, the service can be a little slow.
We've experienced this before.
The speed of the brick oven makes up for it, but we did sit for a long time before ordering drinks.
If the umbrellas had hinges and could be turned toward the sun to block it, the patio dining experience would be primo belissimo, but it's still belissimo and fine by me.

I'm on Yelp tonight to report a religious experience, a euphoric climb to the pinnacle of pastadom.
I am referring, of course, to the ravioli nannina.
The ravioli was filled with parmesan and cooked to perfection.
It came in a walnut cream based sauce that was earthy yet sophisticated.
The rustic walnut sauce was perfectly set off by the dried cranberries sprinkled about - adding just the right sweetness and acidity.
I am now a convert and I have to say it - holy ravioli!
I will be very disappointed if this does not make the menu.
I'll be back for sure.

Amazing.
Best authentic pizza in town.

One of the best pizza I had stateside.
The crust is good and the sauce is simple but tasty.
Now that I am writing about it, I feel like I should go there and have some more!

As a former Madison resident, I can confidently say that this is THE place to get authentic, gourmet pizza in town.
Had the alpina pizza today.
Crust was thin, and slightly crispy, properly sized, and tasted delightful.
The salads are also very well done.
Leaves are not smashed or overdressed, and the cheese is freshly grated.
This place comes highly recommended.

On a Friday night after work, I want good food, but not a lot of fuss.
Porta Alba definitely delivered!
Our wait was minimal, the staff was courteous and helpful, and of course, the food was delicious!
I had the diavolo pizza which had just the right amount of heat without overpowering the cheese and crust (as I also want to taste those).
My husband had the carbonara as he was in the mood for pasta, and it was nice to have both of our cravings so well met.

Well-balanced and baked pizza and decent pasta.
The seafood in the seafood linguine is very goood, but I personally think it's a bit expensive for what it is.
Casual / comfortable place that is decently sized.
Not the largest place, but I wouldn't worry too much about bringing a larger (~10 people) group here to eat.
I have had some amazing pizza in my life (my favorite is surprisingly in New Haven) and I really dont think this place is up to par with some of my other experiences, but it is still very good for what we can find in Madison.
Their tiramisu is really good, as well.

First off, let me say that I love Cafe Novanta on the west side, which is owned by the same people.
However, Cafe Novanta hires outgoing competent employees, which Porta Alba lacks.
After a gruff "two?," without a smile, we were seated and given menus.
Our server did come over and greet us and asked if we needed some time.
We told her we did, and she left for what seemed like eternity.
Looking at my cell phone clock, it was in fact 10 - 15 minutes.
When she returned we placed our orders, which included an appetizer of the focaccia bread.
We then waited 30 minutes to receive the appetizer.
At one point, after 20 minutes, I heard the server ask the cook where her focaccia was.
He shrugged and indicated he didn't know about it.
It then took an additional 10 minutes.
After we received and at the focaccia, it then took another 20 minutes to receive our entrees.
After finishing the entrees it was another 15 minutes to get the server's attention to get the bill.
The food was quite good, just like Novanta.
However, the service was terrible.
I was shocked when the focaccia appeared on the bill.
I thought for sure there would be no charge.
By the way - the place wasn't even crowded, so there was no excuse for the slow service.
There were roughly 6 tables with parties of two at each.
There were two servers from what I could tell.
If the kitchen was the problem, they need to hire another cook.
Go to Novanta would be my recommendation - the staff there is wonderful and speedy!

Light simple pizza with fresh ingredients, there are a few pasta dishes and often a couple of specials.
This cafe fits right in between a quick place and a fancy place making it perfect for when you want a little something nice.
A pizza a pasta choice and a salad can feed two with just a little left over.

My wife & I come here regularly for a taste of Italy.
This is the closest we can find to the authentic pizza of Italy.
They have wonderful combinations and my favorite has become the Valero.

Very good Neapolitan-style pizza.
Ample crust--not too thin.
Good value for the price (about $13 per pizza).
The Piccola (small) mixed-plate appetizer was a lot of food for not a lot of $.
Ambience is...OK.
Tables are a bit close.

