Rumbi Island Grill offers a unique alternative to many eateries in the North Scottsdale area.
The have a variety of grilled chicken sandwiches, salads and rice bowls.
But what keeps me coming back is the chips and mango salsa!
It is very sweet and not what you expect at all.
Check it out!

Rumbi's is a pretty yummy place.
They only have a couple vegetarian options (rice/noodle bowls with veggies and tofu) but it's good eats.
I also highly reccommend their chips with mango salsa, and their fresh-brewed mango iced tea.

I heart Rumbi!!!!
Every single thing I've eaten here was good.
I highly recommend the Aloha Mango Salad (hold the onions, though, they taste kinda weird in it), or the Bali Island Rice Bowl with Pulled Pork.
Anything you get is bound to be over the top delicious though.
The mango iced tea is really good, too.
Their food is absolutely addictive!

Rumbi is probably the most-frequented place in our workday lunch rotation.
I describe it to people as a poor-gal's Tommy Bahama.
The decor is island-ish (squint your eyes really hard and pretend you're on vacation) and the staff is friendly enough to make-believe that you're a guest at a tropical resort.
Okay, maybe that last part is a bit of an overpromise, but a girl can dream...
The hulu salad is really tasty and almost a little too large(I highly recommend asking them to do a spinach/romaine combo), but lately I have been jonesing for the luau pork plate with rumbi rice (pulled pork, coconut rice with red beans, some mac salad and a bit of coleslaw--so yummy, I crave it).
The food is pretty reasonably-priced for what you get, and it's the "fast casual" style where you walk up and order and then they bring it out to you.
When you get sick of wraps or sandwiches in the Promenade-area, give Rumbi a try to mix it up.
I think it would be hard to be disappointed.
Aloha!

Awesome walk in place for a bite to eat.
You order up at the counter and they bring the food to your table.
The atmosphere is going for an island theme, and the waiters are very nice and helpful.
The food is really, they also have your average burger and fries, which is fine for me!
Had never tried fries with thousand island and now I love it.

I've seen good descriptions of the restaurant in the other reviews so I will just tell you about my food...
I ordered the pork sandwich with Asian slaw and it came with mixed sweet potato and regular potato fries.
I really liked it!
The pork was a little salty but I liked that the fries came with a thousand island dipping sauce.
Overall I liked it and will go back to try other things...
I'm having a little problem paying $12.00 for an everyday lunch but I guess I need to get over that cause it seems that most all places cost around the same... $10-12

Really good salads.
Like other posters, a $12 lunch seems a bit high to me, but it is par for the area - but it a semi-selfserve restaurant, just a tick too high.
Never left here disappointed with the food and the service staff are always very friendly.

We really enjoyed this place.
They had great bowls with lots to pick from.
I had teriyaki chicken with noodles and my wife had Bali island pork with brown rice.
The food was great and they even had mac and cheese for our little one.
Kids eat free all summer, you cant beat that.
We are looking forward to our next visit :)

For being a fast casual restaurant, this place is pretty good.
I ordered the volcano blackened mahi with coconut rice - tasty food, well prepared fish and large portions!
Also ordered the key lime pie which was only so-so.
For a quick dinner, this place is a go.

Great, fresh food with a pretty varied menu sure to please many.
Gotta love the retro island decor inside, too.
I munched on a rice bowl, filled with crisp veggies, brown rice, and tofu.
The teriyaki sauce is very flavorful and just the right amount.
The mango iced tea was delicious, too.
Friendly staff to boot.

The fish tacos with "Rumbi Rice" (coconut rice) is the best $8 I can think of spending.
Really, really, really good.
It's a fast food-ish type of place but THE BEST fast food I've ever had.
As long as you're not looking for a glamorous spot, this place wins.

This is another work lunch takeout place for me and it always does me right.
I always get the Jerk Chicken bowl with rumbi rice and have never been disappointed by it.
Good flavor, lots of chicken and veggies and rumbi rice is simply delicious.
I personally like to add hot sauce and also sometimes splurge on a cup of tortilla soup -which is pretty freakin great.
There's alot of cheese on top of the soup so lactose intolerants beware!

After shopping up a storm at Designer Studio Boutique & Tailoring and inducting Denise into our family - she recommended the Rumbi Island Grill.
Considering it was just at the other side of the parking lot we were easy game.
My sisters, Mom, and I walked into the place to check out the menu and were pleasantly surprised - there was a lot of healthy and delicious looking options to choose from.
I went for the Voodoo chicken salad and was so impressed and thought it was absolutely delicious!
The chicken was moist and flavorful, the sauce was tasty and not overdone.
It was a filling yet light meal.
The place was very clean and comfortable and the perfect break between shopping trips!

My personal meal deserves no stars, but since my co-workers all seemed to like their meals, and I will probably go again and try something else, I gave it two stars.
Mostly, the reason I felt compelled to add a review was as a warning.
Rubmi's take on tortilla soup is disgusting.
I gave it enough of a chance to try all the parts; the salty coconut broth, the fatty chicken and the clumpy mozzarella.
I honestly can't believe they put it on the menu because from construction to execution it is just awful.
The mozzarella clumps up so it is basically a blob of melted semi-warm cheese at the bottom.
Inedible.
The flavor of the broth made my stomach turn after a couple bites and it made its way to the trash can fast.
I don't remember the last time I would've asked for refund someplace, I usually just accept if I don't like something it is a matter of preference.
I would have taken it back and asked for a refund, probably asked them to try it and tell me it wasn't "off" today.
Unfortunately, we carried out and I lost that opportunuity :(      If this place is as good as everyone else says, definitely do not bother with this crap in a cup.
Even on a cold day, even in a blizzard, do not order the soup.

Good stuff!
We visit Scottsdale a few times a year, and while I like this place, my girlfriend is addicted to it.
She loves the coconut soup.
I have tried the rice bowl, and the fish tacos.
My favorite is the fish tacos.
They were crispy, yet soft, and had a really good dressing and cabbage mixture on top.
Last time we went we ordered the sweet potato fries for the first time, and they will now be on our list every time.

Had a very good salad there today - Voodo Chicken Salad.
Less than 700 calories, and filled me up.
I asked for the house balsamic, it's pretty amazing.
Might have to eat there for lunch again tomorrow!

Don't eat the tortilla soup and you'll be pretty safe.
On par with a Baja Fresh but with the island twist.

This was my second time eating here and it was just as good the second time around.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was really good.
I had the Aloha Salad which was listed as one of their favorites.
It was filling and full of flavor.
I will say that now a days forking over close to $9 for a salad is tough for me but the atmosphere, music and free WiFi made up for it.

Rumbi is a great spot for rice bowls in North Scottsdale.
The place is kind of cute--the interior is totally decked out Hawaiian style, so it's a welcomed change from the usual lunch routine.
The rice bowls are pretty good.
I almost always get the chicken bowls with teriyaki sauce, and I'm never disappointed.
In particular, the chicken is really good--none of that scary brown meat that other rice bowl places have as their standard.
The only time I had a meh experience was when I got the noodles with the spicy Thai peanut sauce.
The noodles looked and tasted like greasy spaghetti, so I now know better and stay away from that.
A tip to know is that the bowls come in two sizes, full size and half size.
The full size is like a buck or two more than the half size, but you're pretty much paying for more rice.
The half size is is pretty good portion for most, so stick with that unless you're uber hungry.

There's a little bit of an island vibe going on right here in Arizona.
This casual place makes me smile.
Yes, it's just a step above a fast food place, but the vibe is tropical and the food is tasty and prepared fresh to order.
When you walk in, you'll notice the island music playing, the ceiling fans turning and some kitschy Hawaiian posters on the wall.
The air is filled with aromas of teriyaki, Jamaican jerk, island spice rubs.
Take a look at the menu on the wall and then approach the counter to place your order.
You pay and they give you one of those big plastic numbers to place on your table so the food server can match you to your order.
While waiting (not long) you help yourself to the beverage station, sodas, water, and the specially prepared Mango Iced Tea, which is amazing.
I just can't get enough of that Mango Iced Tea.
Looking around, it seems that most customers order the rice bowls.
You choose a meat (chicken, steak, shrimp, etc.
) then pick a sauce flavor (teriyaki, Jamaican Jerk, Bali Island, Honey-orange), and then your choice of rice (white, brown, noodles).
Looks really good.
I typically order one of their big entrée salads.
I alternate between their Voodoo Chicken Salad and their Aloha Chicken Salad.
I can't decide which one I like better.
My husband loves their Volcano-Blackened Mahi Mahi plate.
Where else can you get perfectly spiced Mahi topped with tropical fruit salsa, rice, and a salad for under $ 10?
Yum, tasty and a great value.
It's just a simple little place, but every time I eat here, it reminds me how much I love Hawaii and hope to return someday.
Until then...Aloha.

I was very happy with the food here; I got a full size rice bowl, and it made for two very large meals, all for about $9.
Can't beat that with a stick.
On top of that, it was super tasty.
Although, don't go there expecting any spice.
At all.
Even their "spicy teriyaki" sauce didn't have so much as a hint of spice.
This will definitely be added to my list of lunch spots in the area.

Say it ain't so!!!
So sad that this place closed down.
My coworkers and I were in shock when we arrived today only to see the sign being taken down and everything being packed up.
Now we're all in mourning, wondering where we're going to get our rice bowl fix.
You will be missed, Rumbi!

