after moving here from Austin, Tx, i'm still in search of the damn good bbq place in vegas.
Yeah, they do have a replica of the Salt Lick at Red Rock Hotel & Casino, but i'm afraid to try to it b/c it may not be the same as the original.
plus, i dont see a bbq pit anywhere.
anyways, i would have to say Famous Dave's is pretty good, but not the best i've ever had.
the biggest plus about this place is that they have southern sweet tea.
ooh, nice and sugary ice tea quenching your thirst while waiting for those mouthwatering ribs.
yeah, i recommend the pound of rib tips.
this is the first time ive ordered chopped up bite-size moist fatty pieces of rib tips that are covered in the Rich and Sassy bbq sauce.
it is tangy but a bit too much on the sweet side.
i usually add the Devil's Spit to add some fire to my ribs or tips in this case.
i also like the uniquely vinegary Georgia Mustard.
this is the only place where i can order just rib tips.
i love how easy this is to eat with just a fork.
you don't have to get messy.
i will definitely come back to this place for this dish.
they have a great side dish selection.
i always have to order the sweet drunkin ' apples, the classic sweet corn bread, the buttery wet corn-on-the-cob, and my absolute favorite the extremely garlic creamed mashed potatoes with the red skin whipped in (this was insanely delicious).
they look like they have a good dessert menu...i.e.
pecan pie and hot fudge Kahlua brownie, but my tummy is so damn full from stuffing my face with juicy rib tips, and all those mouthwatering sides.
It's no wonder they one first place in the in 18th annual ''Best in the West Nugget Rib Cook off'' in Reno this year.
so if you're looking for some good ribs from a chain, i recommend this place.
it hella better than eating ribs at Tony Roma's, or any of the casino bbq places.
but keep reading as i look for the best rib place in vegas...

A relaxing Sunday early evening and it's time for dinner.
Suggestions are for Famous Dave's BBQ and off we go.
It wasn't busy for this Easter Sunday, surprisingly.
It took about ten to fifteen minutes for our table to be ready for our party of nine.
Tonya, our waitress started us off with drinks.
The majority of our party started with Southern Sweet Tea.
It was yummy, but not quite as good as the stuff I had in Georgia or at Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ.
I was torn between the Sweetwater Catfish Fingers and the Texas Beef Brisket, so I ended up with both, the Two-Meat Combo!
It automatically comes with corn-on-the cob, corn bread muffin, and a choice of two sides.
Although the breaded catfish was a bit tasty, I was a bit disappointed in the size of the fingers.
Indeed, they are definitely 'fingers' and are small strips of fish.
They come with two sauces - a Sweet Soul Jalapeno and remoulade.
I found the remoulade to be more enjoyable than the other sauce.
The brisket was less than what I expected and a bit dry.
I wouldn't order it again.
My two sides were Drunkin' Apples and Garlic Red-Skin Mashed Potatoes.
The apples were nothing special with cinnamon sprinkled on it, but the mashed potatoes were good.
The BF opted for the Rib-N-Meat Combo, which included bone spareribs and a choice of a hot link, wings, catfish, or any of the other meats offered.
He went for the hot link.
He got a hearty portion of spareribs and they were definitely a lot tastier than my dish.
The hot link was okay though.
They have about seven different sauces to choose from at your table - Devil's Spit, Georgia Mustard,  Hot & Sassy, Smokey Chipotle, Rich & Sassy,  Sweet & Zesty, and Texas Pit.
They don't offer that many sides to choose from - Potato Salad, Creamy Coleslaw,  Wilbur Beans, Famous Fries, and Firecracker Green Beans (w/bacon) are the only other choices.
If you do end up with leftovers, be sure to ask for a few containers to take home the sauces with.
They have a few sauces packaged to go, otherwise you can squeeze some into those plastic containers.
Service was good.
Tonya was pretty good with bringing lots of refills of our Sweet Tea because she knew we were thirsty things.
It saved us the trouble of having to ask her for more and she was one step ahead of the game.
Overall, Famous Dave's was just okay in my book.
My brisket and catfish were disappointing, but the spareribs were more enjoyable.
They do have my Sweet Tea, but it wasn't sweet enough.
My order was less than stellar, it was alright.
It's a chain restaurant located in almost every state except 11 of them!
They must be doing alright then!

Famous Dave's took over this other place where I can't think of the name of before.
I know this is from the west coast.
I think it's a little hokey - kinda the whole applebees/lonestar place....with decor on the walls.
Not a bad place.
If you order the feast you can be eating your entire mean on a trashcan lid.
Oh yea it's yum...buy it's definitely one of those family places.
Eh The trash lid comes with chicken, pork, and beef.
Beans - coleslaw, carn bread.
Full bar...nothing extraordinary.
It is worth a try.

I definitely had my trepidations about this chain when my daughter and I approached it in it's newest location on Rainbow Boulevard at around 9:30 at night.
The exterior is extremely gaudy, as if NOT designed by anyone who had design experience.
My daughter and I both had the St Louis Rib-N-Meat BBQ Combo.
Kathy had the Rib Tips as her second meat, and I chose Hot Link Sausage as my second.
Despite the fact that Famous Dave's is a chain, the Combos were surprisingly good and generously heaped with a decent amount of food for the price.
This was my first experience with Famous Dave's and my daughter's second visit to this location.
You get to choose two sides with every Combo...
I chose Potatoes and Potatoes (Famous Fries and Potato Salad) and Kathy chose Famous Fries and Firecracker Green Beans.
The Combos came out on square platters with the food placed on checkerboard patterned paper.
Meat was not immersed in their Rich & Sassy Barbecue Sauce, which the restaurant uses on their Ribs.
You can still taste the Sausage and/or Ribs and not the Sauce, which is typical of most BBQ places.
My daughter and I both had compliments about the Fries and the Corn Bread Muffins which were moist and tender.
We both had to drink the Southern Sweetened Ice Tea - nothing special.
The only detraction?
The slight over-saltiness of the meat.
And the interior can get a little tiring... their use of steel galvanized pipe on their door handles to the use of it as paper roll dispensers at each table...
Someone actually had to use their creative energy to design this???
In summary, better than Casino food any day of the week.
And better than some independent BBQ establishments!
From conversing with the proprietor, Famous Dave's wants two more of these restaurants in Las Vegas...
Believe it or not!

I'm almost always up for trying bbq, so when I was in the neighborhood passing by Famous Dave's, I had to listen to the inner voice.
As others have said, it's a bit corporate and contrived.
Lots of selection on the menu, so Dave's has something for everyone.
Being part of a chain, nothing really stands out here, which can be a good thing.
(People will either love or hate standouts, so better business to aim for the middle of the road.
)  Overall, Dave's is good in a mediocre sort of way.
Coming here, odds are you will have a nice experience and some decent food.
Sometimes, when you're not sure what you're in the mood for, a place like Famous Dave's can be the answer.

Fun, good stick-to-your ribs food (pun intended).
Family fun, loud, typical franchise restaurant atmosphere.

Everyone else is right... it's nothing fancy, plain ol' corporate restaurant BBQ.
But in that, they do it pretty good, it's open late, and it's close to my house.
Not much to complain about.

I  heard so much hype about Famous Daves so I tried it and the first time I went I had the Barbeque chicken salad which I loved.
However I returned a couple more times and ordered their ribs or should I say some grizzle with a few slivers of meat.
I left there hungry.
By the time I finished disecting the fat off of my ribs, there was not much to eat.
Some people do enjoy eating fatty meat, I'm not one of them.
I like my ribs lean and tender.
It's very commercialized and I think they've lost the quality control as far as meat selection.
Maybe to keep cost down.
I don't recommend it to anyone who really enjoys ribs.

As far as i'm concerned the best ribs * chopped pork yet.
the beans are a meal in themselves with link & brisket added.
THE BRISKET is so tender & juicy with just the right amount of crunchy crust.
6 different BBQ sauces at the table.
The place is like an OLD WEST theme with wood everything.
A little wait to get in but service is super friendly and very efficient.
Been to BOTH W flamingo & N Rainbow locations at least 10 times and I would say they are ALWAYS playing their "A" game.At the N Rainbow location it neighbors JOE's Crab Shack and on occassion the wife & I dine @ seperate restaurants so we can enjoy our FAVORITES!!
BBQ & Alaskan King Crab!!
The ribs are always tender & juicy, the brisket,chopped pork and links are ALL top rate.

I tried being good, and ordered the sweet and sassy grilled salmon.
It had a pineapple BBQ glaze and was served on a bed of fried onion strings (OK, I couldn't be perfect).
For sides, it was the drunkin' apples and their garlic red-skin mashed potatoes.
Even tried a cup of chicken wild rice soup.
Sounds like a lot of food, but I hardly ate a thing all day, so this was just right.
We met up with my old friend Brian and his family (wife, two kids) who moved here about a year ago.
Our server was sweet and I caught B when he tried to slip a credit card to her half-way through our meal.
Sneaky sneaky.
After always going to Lucille's, this was a nice change of pace.
The best part for me were the paper towel rolls already on the table....not that I needed more than one!
Their drunkin apples took the place of an oversized dessert.
Next time, I will go for the ribs or perhaps the beef brisket

Had a family get-together in Vegas and we were all craving some BBQ.
Whipped out my handy iPhone Yelp app and sure enough, I was directed to Famous Dave's.
(This app has been so fricken useful in so many ways!
) I ordered a rack of their famous ribs, some corn bread...well actually that's a lie.
All 16 of us ordered 4 All American Feasts, which comes with some amazingness; Brisket, Beans, Coleslaw, Ribs, a Whole Chicken, Potatoes, 2 corn on the cobs and...
I think that's it.
Nonetheless, I was in heaven.
Nom nom nommm.
The end.

I still had $12 on my gift gard so I stopped by and grabbed a BURGER on the way home since this week I had already tried all the BBQ.
It was a tough choice but I went for the Devil's Spit Bacon Burger!
No Suprise!
It was one of the best burgers I have ever eaten.
Cooked to perfection medium well with a nice layer of bbq sauce cooked into it   Topped with a toasted bun & cheese,crispy bacon,lettuce,tomato and crunchy Hell-Fire pickles.
I don't think I took 1 breath until this thing was GONE!
I can't wait to go back for another!
Maybe they need a drive-thru?
What is the BEST Chain Restaurant Burger you've ever had?
Red Robin vs TGI Fridays vs Famous Dave's  I'm gonna check more thoroughly.

This location is the only one I've been to and I would recommend it.
I usually come for dinner and I would say there's about 10 - 15 minute wait on weekends but the staff is friendly and courteous, the food is good and prices are reasonable.

LOVE BBQ Last time i went to the neaby buckinghams?
First time sitting in at a Famous Daves, ive have their ribs before, and their pork sandwiches were catered at a work event.
So i wasnt expecting much and came on a whim *in the neighborhood*  SO GLAD I DID, for us there was no wait time, hostess was blah was waiter was nice introducing us to daves, gave a silly sauce demo lol  Almost THE best bbq meal ever.
GF and I ordered the new 'que for two' platter.
I wasnt that hungry but i wish i was as we just fell short of cleaning the table.
Ribs, chicken, chopped pork, fries, cornbread.
Lets start backwards Cornbread- I only like sweet corn bread so this was a WOW and best ever Fries- Good for a restaurant, nothing special to mention Chopped pork- Very delicious, i liked that it wasnt drowning in sauce so i could apply my own, toast on the bottom was top notch Chicken- BEST ive had in my life, perfectly cooked 0 complaints RIbs- ok... i know there are a lot of factors here but, overall 3.5?/5 just on the ribs.
Not bad, not the best but surely better than most others and enough to warrant a return visit.
Some were great, some ok, so its a weird mix vote O_o on the plus side though  Will def comeback to try individual combo plates etc 35$ for 2 with dessert (shared)

I've never been disappointed with any of Dave's items on the menu.
Although there are Famous Dave's locations across the land, friends and relatives always want to come back to the restaurant at Rainbow and Lake Mead whenever they're in town.
My perennial favorites are the two-meat combos (either chicken and ribs, brisket and chicken, or vice versa), precluded with an occasional appetizer.
Portions are always abundant, and I always manage to leave with a take-home carton for next day's lunch or dinner.

This was a cool spot.
Yummy margaritas:) Kids eat for $1 on Mondays!

I just left and walked out without ordering after waiting over 15 minutes without being waited on.
No water, menu, silverware, nothing.
The place was only half full, and at least 6 waiters walked by and ignored my requests for help.
They would walk by with their heads turned away from us, and pretend they did not hear us ask for help.
I talked to the mgr.
and she gave some lame excuse about they must not have known who's table it was.
Well, even if it was not their table they could have sent my waiter to my table.
This was at 4:30 on Sunday afternoon.
Plenty of staff around, just not for us.
Never again will I darken their door.

Now I have to say BBQ isn't my all time favorite type of food.
HOWEVER I know good food when I have it and this place isn't amazing...
The prices are a little high for the quality of the food and you would expect that a good BBQ place would have ribs doesn't require strong teeth to pull the meat off of.
On my visit I ordered the Dave's Famous Feasts which includes the following:A full slab of St. Louis-style spareribs, a whole chicken, 1/2 lb.
of either Texas beef brisket or Georgia chopped pork, coleslaw, Famous Fries, Wilbur Beans, four corn-on-the-cob, and four corn bread muffins.
Between me and my friend we ate the whole deal and were full to the brim but the food itself was really nothing special.
The ribs weren't amazing as amazing as the place claims and the chicken was nothing special either.
We chose the brisket option which was our favorite portion of the whole meal.
My overall feelings for this place is that its not the best BBQ in town and I'm not sure why its "Famous" I would much rather go to Memphis  Championship Barbecue.

RIBS RIBS RIBS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The RIBS here are awesome!!!
- plenty of sauces to choose from!!!
Sides are OK   Brisket- so so so - stick to the ribs  service was ok   4 stars for the ribs only

All things considered this is my favorite BBQ place in town and in the past I went on a rampage looking for bbq in vegas and would like to think I have tried almost all.
I am not a huge fan of chains but this place serves good BBQ and it's always consistent.
What I love about the place is the BBQ platters for 2 or 4.
It's an upside down garbage can lid with chicken, ribs, pork...
I think you get to pick 3 or 4 meats, plus a couple sides and some cornbread.
Its like 25 bucks for 2 and it's plenty of food and I am a big eater.
Compared to other places it's a deal.
Now it's not the greatest championship bbq but it is still pretty tasty,  the meat is always tender, has a good mild smoke, and is very flavorful.
Also some places do some meats good and others not so much, all there selections are good by me.
They have like 5 sauces that are all good and the sides are solid.
I really like luciles bbq too but the combo I order for myself is 26 bucks so this place is half the price and comparable and consistent, I have had some charred up racks of ribs at luciles.
Break down of vegas BBQ, my opinion of course  Luciles - Delicious, probably the most delicious in vegas, but pricey.
Great atmosphere, great sauce, great meat, and great sides.
They serve you biscuits before that are awesome.
Have had some meals there better than others.
TC's - OK overall, light smoke, ribs not the most tender, sides nothing special, pulled pork is good, raised the prices but still not bad  RUB - Ate it once, expensive and not memorable.
Wasn't terrible though  K's - Worst I have had in vegas, the only thing more tasteless than the meat is the sauce.
Cooks - In the ghetto, sweet sauce, decent BBQ, bring a gun  CJs - I guess its texas BBQ, counter serviceand pricey for what you get.
Plain BBQ with thin sauce, didn't get it.
Memphis - Good ribs, mushy pulled pork, pricey I think, good flavor.
Adams - Had a pork sandwich, was dry and the sauce didn't help much.
That's all I remember.
I still need to try buzz, I heard it's good.

Mediocre and not worth a review of any moment.
This is run of the mill BBQ.

I have only been to Famous Daves less than 10 times, but I do enjoy their food a lot.
Service is always good and they always seem to have some sort of special going on.
I would suggest signing up for their e-mails.
I reaallly love their cornbread.
It's sweet and perfect.
I wish we could get more than one...
Whenever I go here, I always try to enjoy it to the fullest, so it can get kind of expensive.
For two entrees, sodas, and a big appetizer, the total cost was around $70.
That isn't cheap, by far, but there is always plenty to take home with you.
Note: The paper towels at your table are a lifesaver when your fingers and face are covered in BBQ sauce!

For me, Famous Dave's has been like riding a bicycle when you're a kid.
(Bear with me.
)  When you say you're going to ride a bike, you know exactly what you're getting into, and you won't be disappointed.
But as a kid, more distractions come along, such as TV.
And then after all the begging with your parents, you eventually get an Xbox or Playstation.
And pretty soon you know the bike is sitting there in your garage, gathering dust.
Not because it ever failed you or did you wrong, but because you found other things to spend your free time doing.
But whenever you hop onto that bike, you remember all the good times you had, yet know that you won't be riding it every day like you used to.
Yeah, in that story, Famous Dave's is a bicycle while Memphis BBQ and Lucille's are either the TV or Xbox/Playstation.
It took me years to finally make my way down to Memphis/Lucille's, and since then my visits to Famous Dave's have been rare.
I made it to Dave's last Sunday for my dad's birthday; he's been a loyal customer ever since his first bite of ribs.
I've always enjoyed their brisket and BBQ sandwiches.
The meat has always been tender, and their sauces tasty, but most of all their food is consistent.
The same can be said about their service.
You can come here, at any time, for any dish and you will leave satisfied.

I am starting to see Famous Daves got Famous for a reason.
Way I will compare it is that they are the Olive Garden of the BBQ, they have a friendly menu with something for everyone (not so much for vegetarians, this is a meat fest) and the food is pretty consistent and the service is usually prompt and always friendly.
Came in with the BF and the in laws.
They eat very light so we got the Feast for Two which has St. Louis ribs, BBQ chicken, either Texas beef brisket or chopped pork (we got brisket), coleslaw, potato wedges, corn cob, and corn bread muffins.
Instead of coleslaw we got the jalapeno mac n cheese, added 2 more corn breads and added meat ($2.99 each add on)  of chopped pork and hot links.
Like I said they are consistent, but in particular this Sunday dinner they were really on with the food.
I normally don't give much love to the BBQ chicken, but that was juicy and lovely when I normally don't give it too much attention when we order the feast.
I have a soft spot for corn bread muffins since it's a lot more moist than traditional cornbread.
Sauce is boss in BBQ and they have ample selection for whatever taste you're feeling.
Yes, I've had epic ribs else where, here its not bad.
Now that I've tried all the meats, I would have to say the brisket and hotlinks are the favorites and I've gotten a newly found appreciation for their BBQ chicken that I would consider ordering that alone.
I like this place a lot better than the Memphis BBQ which are none too consistent.
Lucilles is another comparable chain with decent consistency.
Now as of a home grown BBQ shop in Vegas, sadly my quest has not led me to the crazy tasty, only fairly disappointing BBQ shops....til then I am shocked to say chains are the leaders.

This is my preferred location for this restaurant for a couple of reasons.
Both times I've been here, the waiters have been super-friendly.
The first time I went, the waiter cheerfully and patiently took the time to explain to my party the six sauces at every table: Sweet & Zesty (my favorite), Texas Pit (tangy & peppery), Devil's Spit (hot), Rich & Sassy (original), Georgia Mustard (vinegary), and last but not least, ketchup.
I've always ordered the onion strings as an appetizer, which are served with a rémoulade dipping sauce.
These onion strings are surprisingly flavorful, and not too greasy (they are "flash fried").
Which brings me to the other reason that I prefer this location.
When I ordered the onion strings at the W. Flamingo location, the onion strings were noticeably greasier.
For the entree, I've always ordered one of Dave's Sassy BBQ Salads -- either with pulled BBQ chicken or Georgia chopped pork.
Both are scrumptious.
Last time I was here, my friend and I split this salad.
The waiter brought it to us in two bowls and we each got a deliciously sweet cornbread muffin.
And the half-portion was more than enough to fill me.
The other thing I love about this place is Famous Dave's Margarita.
I don't often drink hard liquor, but I enjoy a margarita now and then and Famous Dave's serves a good one.
Served in a large salt-rimmed glass, the brandy floater gives the center of the drink an amber color and a nice kick.
(This is another thing that the W. Flamingo location didn't do right.
They stirred the brandy floater into the margarita, so you couldn't even tell that it was in there.
)  So if you're looking for a good BBQ place with reasonable prices and excellent service, I recommend Famous Dave's.
Especially this location.
UPDATE:  I tried a new appetizer when I was here last -- the smoked salmon spread with fire-grill flat bread.
It was very tasty and I would recommend it over the onion strings.

Hate to be the guy who does this but here goes... Great service.
Everyone working there was really nice and was going out of their way to take care of us.
I got the brisket and sausage sandwich and really enjoyed it.
Nice soft brisket, flavorful.
Crunchy casing on the sausage.
Tried my friends' spicy macaroni and cheese and really liked it.
Another friend got the Salmon and gave the thumbs up.
Here's where the two stars come in.
The bar has dirty taps.
My friend sent his bud back after tasting it (we all tried it) and noting it had the telltale dirty dishwater flavor and flatness of dirty taps.
I drank 2 shiner bocks and ordered a PBR then had to send that back for the same reason.
After trading that back in for another Shiner I started getting the telltale headache and realized the darker and slightly less carbonated character of the Shiner had been masking the dirty tap taste.
Next day we were all feeling like ass.
Except for the guy who drank Guinness in a can of course.
For a chain, the BBQ is good.
Service great.
If you plan on having a beer, get it in a bottle.

Took my 12 yr old nephew here for his birthday.
He had never been to this particular chain.
We loved it.
Rose, our server, was beyond comparison!
The food was great as always and was out within 5 minutes.
Definitely worth stopping for.

If you know barbaque then once you try Daves you will know its the best!!!
Not only is the food good but so is the service especially Calvin!!!
Oh & the drinks are good & so is the Bread Pudding!!!!
No matter what  I eat there it's always good!!

When it comes to BBQ- I have REALLY REALLY high standards.
I have definitely experienced better.
Nonetheless, Famous Dave's does satisfy the craving.
I have been here 2 times now, only because this location is around the corner and i have yet to do a search for really good BBQ.
The beef and pork dishes weren't my favorite, but I was pleasantly surprised with the chicken.
In fact, the next time I go, I'll probably only order the chicken.
Fairly priced (note that they also have special promotions for different days- aka "kids eat for 99 cents on mondays"), huge portions, and the waiters are the friendliest you'll ever meet.

After my recent dining experience with Phil's BBQ in San Diego, I just figure not many BBQ places can't be beaten; unless I'm in Kansas City or St. Louis.
(Don't plan any ideas with me, please.
)  I ran into this place on the northwest part of Las Vegas on Rainbow Blvd.
As I parked my "hooptie", I saw a pig picture on the restaurant's logo.
Seeing the pig is exactly like looking myself in the mirror.
(Except the mirror didn't crack!
)  The pig on the logo and looking at the menu means the restaurant serving only "Pork" ribs.
I was disappointed to read that.
So I ordered the St. Louis Rib-n-meat Combo anyway.
For $16.99, I get 4 slabs of slow-cooked Pork ribs with another meat choice in which I took the Chicken Tenders.
I also get two sides and I took the red skin mashed potatoes and the firecracker green beans.
The pork ribs tasted spicy, lean and tender.
The chicken tender was nothing to brag about.
But the tangy and spicy chipotle dipping sauce adds a nice touch.
The mashed potatoes were lumpy and add a mellow garlic taste.
The beans had bacon bits and add a nice crunch.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/N4BbeIbQNgtUEEMutu9U3w?select=ZOBQ6IBGMmxiNrWBWaKfzQ  I also added a tall 23oz glass of Blue Moon beer for $6.00.
I love the nutty taste of the cold beer and goes well with my meal.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/N4BbeIbQNgtUEEMutu9U3w?select=c5PNlWMVvoiMdIjUKe8PjQ  Mike was my waiter and he treated me really well on my needed needs.
Pork ribs or Beef ribs?
I'll stick with beef.
But this place is not bad though.

I must preface this review by saying that Dave's gets 4 stars in relation to LAS VEGAS BBQ RESTAURANTS.
Having worked at Dinosaur BBQ in upstate NY for a summer this is nowhere close but it is what it is.
If you are looking for some succulent beef brisket or mouth watering pulled pork sandwiches then you have come to the right place.
Their various sauce selections ensure that you will never have to deal with a dry piece of meat.
Their portions are heaping even though they are a bit overpriced.
The overall vibe of the restaurant is fun and family friendly at the same time and it's a good place to take a girl on a date.
I've never had a dirty tap issue like Brad reported in his review but then again I've only ordered beer there once or twice.
Here's hoping it never happens to me!

This eatery has become one of my "must haves" when I visit sin city, which is 2-3 times a year, that's a small amount of visits for a Hawaii resident.
Service from the start is always friendly, smiling faces, and efficient waiters.
I had Famous Dave's Ribs and Sausage with Garlic mashed potatoes, corn, cole slaw, and 5 different kinds of BBQ sauce oh yeah!!
Did I mention the killer Famous Dave's Margarita?
Whoa!!
I swear it was the best and biggest Margarita my eyes, lips, and heart has ever had the pleasure of meeting.
Good times!!
Check it out.

I been to this location several times and always have a good visit.
I mainly go when my family is in town because this is my moms favorite place to go in Vegas.
So we went last night, 3/19/11.
We always get the All-American BBQ Feast with some extra ribs on the side.
Normally we get the brisket, but this time we went with the Georgia pork.
I'm glad we ordered that, it was really good.
The chicken was juicy.
The ribs were beefy and tender.
I'm a fan of their Devils Spit sauce so I'm always using that with my ribs.
There are really no complaints with the food, just that it took a while to get seated.
The service was excellent as always.
I'm looking forward to their Henderson location as it is much closer to me.
I will write another review for that location as well.

Best BBQ beans in town and Ribs are fall off the bone delicious.
Family friendly and quick service.
Friend had the catfish and it was great.
Lunch Combo plate Ribs and any other choice of meat and one side for $8.99 is an awesome deal!
Try the Rib Tips!

When you see the interior, you wonder if this place will be any good.
They decorate like Chili's or TGIF, but it's deceiving.
Despite being a BBQ chain, their food is pretty good.
The other night we parked at Joe's Crab Shack next door, and the scent of BBQ wafted in our direction, changing our minds about seafood for the evening.
We were seated promptly and our server was good at refilling and taking our plates.
The orders are huge and you can share it among two people, really.
I though tI could handle 6 ribs, but I ended up eating 3 and 2 corn bread muffins.
Their sides are comfort food-licious, so I enjoyed it.
They have a variety of sauces to choose from, and personally I love the spicy and sweet ones.
Their jalapeno sauce that comes with their chicken tender appetizer is great, too, so give it a shot.
With an appetizer and 2 regular meals, the total was $50 even after tax.
Not bad for a night out in Vegas, but a bit pricey for just some BBQ.
Still, it was good eats and I'd come back again.

Not a cheap place to eat at so make sure your wallets made of leather because its going to take a nice hit.
The only real that is cheap and worth talking about is the two for twenty.
With that you get a little bit of everything for a good price.
The bbq is fabulous.
Always tender and cooked to perfection.
Sometimes though they can be a little cheap with the amount of bbq sauce they apply, but then again I assume thats why they have 4 different bbq sauces at the end of your table.
take your finger and try them all.
In my opinion only two are worth putting on the meat.
Not a fan of their mac n cheese.
can we say gross.
who puts crunchy peppers and corn in it.
And wheres the cheese?
I thought it was mac n cheese.
It just doesnt have that southern taste to it.
I was expecting something different i guess.
Instead I got something that crunchy in my mouth and made me want to spit in it in my napkin.
oh wait, i did!
On the other hand the fries are so good.
I wish they'd give you more.
They are like potato wedges but instead of them being uncooked in the middle and perfect on the outside like other bbq places these are perfectooo.
Lastly the meat is good, not a fan of the sausage.
It just is weird tasting to me.
I like the ribs and the brisket though.
Mmm.
The corn bread i a must too.
Just wih it'd stay together before i cram it in my mouth.
I hate having crumbs on my lap.
The service is friendly, but jeesh the food tastes forever to get to the table.
I was wishing I would have come not hungry so that by the time the food came i was hungry and not starving.
I swear, I was ready to naw on my hubbys arm.
It was bad enough that the wait for 40 minutes just to get seated.
Now i have to wait another 30 for food.
Def not my cup of tea.
I prefer this place over others such as buzz bbq, but then again come here yourself and try it (just make sure its a weekday and always before dinner time.
beat the rush!

I know its a chain but the ribs- OH MY GAAAWWWD.
the meat just fell off the bone.
so delish.
i like wet ribs so this is my kind of place.
I also like that they have some sides that are less than 100 calories- mashed potatoes being one of them.
I already feel bad about eating a half rack of pork ribs, so its nice to have some 'better' side choices.
The price was great too!
3 of us- 2 adults- one kid- with apps and sodas/lemonade came out to just under $50.
BBQ tends to be pricey, so its a good deal.
Also, service was great.
I highly rec checking this place out if you like pork ribs.
the ONLY complaint on the ribs is that I could tell they left the membrane on.
I normally do not like ribs when this is left on, but they were so tender you could eat around.
yum.

This place was just ok. Id give it 2.5 stars.
but b/c I was just so happy to actually eat BBQ that day I'll give it 3 by rounding up.
We got there around peak time - 7-7:30 ish.
WE were living @ the orleans and were dying to eat anything NOT served @ the Orleans.
ITs good but eating every meal every day @ the same places can get old.
MAIN ENTREE: We ordered the All american Feast for 2.
We actually had ordered this before when living in Vista, CA (San Diego (North) county) and we knew how filling it can be so we dismissed the side dishes and took those home since the orleans doesnt have refrigerators.
boo.
We focused on the meats.. .
you know the good stuff.
We had ribs brisket and chicken.
the ribs were ok. really good on one side.
and horrible on the other.
as you progressed to the smaller side the tougher and more jerky like they became to the point you couldnt even get meat off the bone even if the K9 unit was going to work @ it.
Just plain disappointing.
the chkn was good but come on, i can make that at home.
or hell I can buy it at costco for $4.99 and eat that for days.
Not worth the $ IMHO.
the brisket was just ok. .
kinda bland and not that great of flavor.
I wonder if they even use a rub?
or any kind of marination?
I'm from TX where we focus on the flavor of the meat and not too concerned w/ sauce b/c the sauce covers the flavor of the meat most of the time.
MOST of the time.
once in awhile you find a great sauce that gives you an alternate spin on the great flavor.
eh.
not here.
it justmasks it w/ its 6 different kinds of bbq sauces.
i enjoy the TX kind and the rich and sassy but again, you cant buy me w/ sauce.
prove yourself w/ the flavor and quality of your BBQ.
SIDES: GREAT CORNMEAL MUFFIN.
WHEW!
that's dessert right there.
glad I packed it to go.
the beans are great..who cant make great beans?
the fries are just filler to make that trash can lid look fuller.
nxt time you go.
.opt for a sandwhich or something.
you can get even more brisket by ordering the man hanlder than you can by ordering the q for 2. .
so focus one one  thing and I think they give you better quality than the combos.

We really like going to Famous Daves for the reasonable priced menu and the delicious BBQ!
But first impressions from any waitstaff is cruicial for my dining experience.
This time the food was still great but the corn bread muffins were hard but again, non, the less the food was great.
However, this response to my experience is all about service!
I cannot stand waiting more than 5 minutes to be greeted!
I understand that a server could be busy and have quite aways to walk from one end of the restaurant to the other...I get it...however a bartender?
This bartender didn't even acknowledge or outwardly say, "Hello there, I'll be right over".
NOTHING.
7 minutes before a greet could seem like 30 minutes to someone who's stomach is eating their backbone.
We all know that a bad start could ruin a whole dining experience.
Live and learn--but next time I will request to sit NOT in the bar area.
I repeat to all, this rating is all about service and has nothing to do with the delicious BBQ!
Keep on BBQin Dave!

Yay!
I AM a fan!
So I enjoy Famous Dave's (and when my boyfriend told me I hadn't taken him there, I didn't believe him - LOL!).
I like the westy bar feel, I like how the wait staff all seem like they hang out afterhours, I like the brisket, and I super enjoy the 6 flavors of bbq sauce I can continuously rotate because even though Devil's Spit is my numero uno, I forget what the other flavors taste like!
My local FD is 60 miles south, in Gilroy.
Because of this, I cheat on them with Texas Roadhouse (Union City).
At FD's my daughter and I usually get the All-American.
It's a serving platter with chicken, brisket, ribs, corn on the cob, one piece of white bread, and sides.
Love the options because a girl can never have too many!
Their bar assortment is not too bad, either.
But then again, I can't really recall much drinking I do at Famous Daves.
Oh wait, I've tried their Famous Margarita...which wasn't very "famous" at all (Gilroy) and some spike strawberry lemonade which was a little too syrupy (Las Vegas) for what I think a spiked strawberry lemonade should taste like (bestest is Lucille's in Henderson, NV!).
I'll be back.
I know it.
NOTE: I think the one annoying thing is the wait staff (Gilroy) call out "Famous coming in", "Famous food coming out", etc when near the kitchen.
If you don't want to hear "famous" over and over again, stay away from kitchen.

Wow, this place was awesome.
I actually tried some thing new for the first time thanks to sistah.
She got the nacho appetizer with beef brisket and boy that shizz was bomb.
I wrote another review on this place back in San Jose and it was just as good and similar, so you might want to check it out on what we ordered and how it tasted.
One thing I do want to say about this is the service here is WAAAAAY better than the Famous Dave's I go to in San Jose.
If I can rate the place just by its service I'd seriously rate this place 5 stars.
Our waitress "Tina" was awesome!
If I come back here I sure want her to serve our table again.
She knew her stuff from the back of her head, she took care of our table like we were guests at her own house.
Who does that now a days?
If you guys go this this Famous Dave's and get her, you guys are lucky, you'll be in good hands as she makes sure your meal was cooked right and tastes the way you expected it to be.
You run out of water?
She'll be back within minutes to check up on you to make sure you waters are full.
Don't worry guys she doesn't come back every second like some annoying waiters are.
PS: Thanks Tina for making our Famous Dave's experience that much better.
Loved your service and keep up the good work.

Someone told me about this site!!
I can say how I feel  sorry I am just now telling you about this restaurant I did not have this site before..
But now I do!!
Well I live in Vegas this place is so good.
just go try it out you will be so happy you did!!
I been here so many times.
good food good drinks and the price is right!

If you like BBQ, you got to give Famous Dave's a try.
The staff are nice and the food is great.
every time we got company visiting us from out of town we taking them to Famous Dave's as it is our best choice for good BBQ dinner.

Delicious, authentic BBQ.
Some of the sides (cole slaw and beans) are a little sweet for my taste, but that ain't enough to take away from the superb meat selection.
Love the ribs (naked or saucy), which are cooked to tender perfection.
Love the TX brisket (as good as most and better than some I've had in TX...don't tell my fellow Texans I said that).
Love the pulled pork.
It's always so difficult to choose what to have, but if you're hungry enough, you don't have to because of the massive mixed platters!
Even their pickles are good.
I had to buy a jar to take home.
Famous Dave's is ace!

I went here last week for take out food.
The ladies at the door were pretty nice to me.
I ordered the buffalo chicken wings and ribs tips.
The wings was really good but the ribs was REALLY dry.
I was pretty disappointment.
Felt like I was biting into rubber.
Otherwise it was cool.

The 1st time the Smoke salmon with pita was soo yummy =) Order the Dave's Famous Feasts for 2-3 ppl, The ribs was just ok, It wasn't moist but not too dry, the corn was blah, Texas Beef Brisket was on the dry side =/ the corn bread was dry so our waiter gave us a new batch which was much fresher and softer.
I like all the different BBQ sauces but after a few bites everything started to taste the same.

Worst ever this isn't BBQ.
And portions the size of childs meal.
Good service.
Bad food

Excellent lunch today for the six of us.
The food was delicious and our server was just great.
Brisket and pulled pork were both cooked to perfection.

Found Famous Dave's accidentally while out doing some shopping and then needing something to eat.
Checked "Around Me" and Dave's was right there.
What a great surprise we received!
First I need to give a big THANK YOU to the staff and our server, Shawn (sp?).
Shawn was so cordial and happy to assist us by explaining what they had and bringing us home made chips to try all the sauces with before our plates arrived.
What an awesome idea!
You can actually taste all the sauces using the chips instead of the tips of your fingers or fork!
My husband and I both ordered the six rib plate.
His with fries and cole slaw, and mine with fries and baked beans.
These were possibly the best ribs we have ever eaten, and believe me, just moving here from Texas we have eaten plenty of ribs!
Never have I had so much tender meat on each rib - and with the sauce that I chose I was in heaven!
Needed 3 wipes just to clean my fingers when we were done.
But the best part of all?
With the ribs being so meaty we each took home 3 ribs apiece and got to do it all over again the next day!
The fries are the best fries we have ever had, and my husband liked the cole slaw.
My beans were extremely good and I could have eaten more!
Being an expert in the bread pudding department, my husband said it was just OK, not the best he has ever had.
He said my home cooked bread pudding beat theirs.
Thank you, honey!
All-in-all Famous Dave's was a direct hit with us and we will definitely be back.
For those of you that have a bad experience, please give them another try - they are worth another visit!

I love this place!
I always get the XXL slab.
Things is huge and really good.
I like the drunken apples too.
Service has always been really great.
On the down side.
I really wish they had a flavored sweet tea and fried Okra, but I still give um 5 stars because they make my hands down favorite ribs.

Wow.
Very good.
Surpassed expectations.
Our waitress ( Robin)  was excellent.
We went in for a fast lunch and I'm very glad we did.
My lunch companion ordered boneless wings /cole slaw.
I ordered a nacho grande /with pulled pork on it.
Fresh brewed ice tea's.
The nachos were tasty beyond my expectations - Famous Dave 's take on nacho building,  bbq style!
My lunch companion's wings and slaw was excellent as well, as evidenced by her smile.
The ice tea was always full, our waitress, Robin, could not have been any better.
Tasty food, great service, for a decent price.
5 stars.

Went for happy hour.
The margaritas were large and well made.
The nachos were ok, the bbq pork sandwich was good!
Service was pretty good.

I love BBQ.
Daves is usually on point with there brisket and pulled pork, but not always.
Some days they get a bad cut of meet and/or rush the smoking process.
They do have some amazing BBQ sauce thus they still get 3 stars in my book.
They have 6 different flavors of sauce that they leave at your table...so you can mix&match.
They are all good, it also allows you to have a different taste each bite.
Beans and cornbread are also awesome!

Definitely a favorite in Las Vegas...
I prefer it over Memphis BBQ.
Love the corn fritters as an appetizer.
My son and I share the BBQ for 2 for $20, and we still have enough left overs for one of us for the next lunch or dinner.
Friendly staff and always welcoming.

This place is a great place, I just had to mark them down a bit for a few discrepancies.
First the negatives, then the positives.
I first wanted to go to  Lucille's because they are great as well, over in Henderson, but this place is closer and maybe a little cheaper, but not entirely sure about that.
When we first got there we had to wait about ten minutes before we got seated.
This was strange to me because I saw a whole room of booths not being used, and booths are my favorite place to sit.
It was also strange that after the ten minutes of waiting, nobody had left, so it must have taken them a long time to clean us up a spot or something.
When we did get seated they sat  us back in a crowded room.
The place was packed with the rest of the restaurant open.
I was confused by that tactic.
The room was also very cold.
It felt nice at first, since Vegas is so hot, but it was a little overwhelming after a while.
My final complaint was the ice tea was sub par.
It wasn't horrible, it's just Lucille's was quite a bit better.
On the positive side, the service was great as usual.
The food was very tasty.
I shared the feast for two that had ribs, brisket, and roasted chicken.
Everything was really good.
There sauces at the table were fun to try and add to our meal.
All five of them are unique and special in their own way.
Our waiter helped us pick wise decisions for the meat and side options (he recommended the roast chicken over bbq because we already had all kinds of bbq, plus there was sauces on the table).
A huge plus which makes me almost want to put a five down is that we were all receiving our refills before our original was empty, except for my son Joben, he had to ask.
Our sides of coleslaw and macaroni and cheese were terrific.
Macaroni had a nice spicy flavor.
I can't wait to go back again and give it a five if they fix the seating situation, and I will order a lemonade or something and skip the ice tea.

As far as the food goes, I already love Famous Dave's sauce and the food was good considering where we are.
I have not been a fan of many LV eateries.
Good tender ribs, the homemade complimentary chips were also good.
I can't say the drinks were all that potent but at least we got the Happy Hour discount.
But having been to places like Memphis this is not nearly the best BBQ I have ever had as some other reviewers insist.
But our server, Javier was EXCEPTIONAL.
If you can get him as a server you will feel like someone really took care of you.
He knows everything about the food, the sauces and tells stories about them all.
He stands out in a crowd of servers all over town who don't know their menus and don't care.
Overall, the best local BBQ I have had and certainly the best waiter.

This has been one of the BEST BBQ places I have been too hands down.
The service was great, the quality was great and the prices were not that bad.
I am from San Diego and supposedly the best BBQ is there at Phils BBQ and I have to say they lost that title.
I brought family here when they came to visit and they agree that Phils BBQ has lost the title of the best bbq around

We decided to check out this location as we live halfway between both westside locations.
We ate at the Flamingo location not too long ago and were craving some more tasty Que!
This location is more intimate not as bright and all in the wide open as the Flamingo location.
This restaurant has a lot more of that southern country feel with all of the many nic nacs and decorations on the wall.
The staff is great here as well and our server was Danny who I completed a compliment card for because he was Super!
I joined the Pig club which everyone can online and my boyfriend was sent a birthday coupon for a free meal via email, buy one get one good for up to $15.00 hell yeah we used it!
We ordered the two meat, two sides combo platter which is a ton of food!
See my photos as the food speaks for itself.
When I eat BBQ I always like coleslaw and baked beans they just always seem to hit the spot!
I really enjoy the brisket and the boneless wings were good!
I got another coupon in my email, we may just go back and use that as well!
It is nice to save money on a grub fest!
Savings this visit $15.00!
Enjoy!

Ribs tasted like jerky.
Friendly staff and a cool selection of hot sauces, but the food is merely average.

Honestly if it wasn't for the xxl ribs this place would be 1-2 stars.
I love the ribs and really do not like anything else here.
We have tried a ton of the bbq items and usually settle on the pulled pork sandwich or the ribs.
Everything else that we've had was super dry and tasted like microwaved meat from yesterday, not freshly smoked or bbq meat.
However when you request center cut xxl ribs, they are really delicious.
Pricey at $24/full rack but I don't mind paying for something I feel is worth it.

I have eaten at other bbq, and this one I enjoy the most.
Bought for a family of four and had some left over for the next day.
Tried a variety of items and all were tasty.

always great service and food !

Since there aren't that many chains that are BBQ, Dave's is a standout .
Decent food decent portions and an interesting way of serving food on a trashcan lid.
The family eats here not as much as we used to but we always enjoy it.
Try all 5 sauces before you decide which is more your style.
That being said it is a good thing there are rolls of paper towels at your table.
There is beef, pork and chicken but I don't remember any steak on the menu.
You get corn on the cob, fries and a corn muffin and a side with your meal.
I always get the jalapeno mac and cheese and then I am full.
Forget dessert because it is limited and lame but who goes there for the dessert anyways so no harm done.
Try it for yourself.
It sure beats Tony Roma's

We really enjoy Dave's, usually we order the XL slab with an extra side or two and share the whole dinner which I think saves money so you can afford dessert.
Our favorite sauce is the Georgia Mustard that has just a hint of vinegar taste to it.
All in all pretty dang good!

Ribs with daves Rub.
The only way to do it.
Best food in town.
Hooked like a drug to famous daves rub.

I am a big Famous Dave's fan.
I have an addiction to the Devil's Spit BBQ sauce.
We don't have a Famous Dave's near my home, so whenever traveling to a location with one I get my wife to stop with me.
I love the hot links platter with plenty of Devil's Spit.
the jalapeno mac and cheese is my favorite side.
My wife is a big fan of their BBQ chicken salad.

I'll tell you a funny story.
So I visited my mom and she was SOO excited to tell me her suburbia city has a new awesome BBQ place and she was excited to try to impress her little gastronome.
She was trying to take me to Famous Daves....and didn't know we had them all over Vegas...or that they were all over America.
I thought it was so cute how earnest she was, but it did strike me that yeah, for a chain it's pretty tasty as I sat there gnawing with her.
Famous Daves sometimes suffer from their chain reputation and depending on the location growing pains.
No, it ain't competition que, but that's not why I go here and that's not how I'm going to think and set myself up for something it's not.
Surprisingly enough, their BBQ chicken I'm a big fan of.
It's always juicy and good flavor which is not often the case with many a BBQ chicken.
I am rarely, if ever, going to order chicken at a 'que joint but here I will.
There's a mustard relish they have that is good on it or on top of sausage which is the second thing I like from here.
I am a sauce person so a bunch of flavors of sauce, I can get down with.
I think their corn muffins are a guilty pleasure for me and I admittedly look forward to that most.
And normally I'm not a fan of baked beans, but something about theirs is good to me.
Maybe it has a lot of meat bits in it, but I just find the flavor just right for my taste that it ends up being something I order everytime.
To me, for some place to get me to order two things I normally don't, they have to be doing something right, right?
Also service has never been bad at a Famous Daves.
On this visit, definitely pleasant as I expect, checked on us.
Even though she was prepping to close and was cleaning up towards the half leg of us eating, we were never made to feel rushed or unwelcome.
I rarely go, just because there are so many places to eat at, but once in a while it sounds like it'll totally hit the spot.
I think as we like to be a "foodie community" we're quick to go no to chains, or pretend we don't go to them.
I'll happily admit sometimes I just want some damn chicken, wilbur beans and corn muffins.

The ribs are GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!
fall off the bone Good!
I ordered from the to go side and I was not disappointed.
I didn't need to add any additional sauce to the ribs at all.
I was satisfied!

Love me some Famous Dave's catfish!
Another unique quality of Famous Dave's are the sauces that are at your dispense on each table.
Be sure to try the Georgia Mustard-goes well on just about everything.
The reason for the 3 stars is because the most consistent factor here is the careless service.
I recently had a server not only talk to us for over 10 minutes about his name before he took our order,but also had the nerve to solicit help and funds for his charity.
I was appalled that he continued on and that the manager did not put a stop to it.
i think I was more irritated because if he spent as much time on assisting our table as he did talking about himself, our order would not have been screwed up so bad!

As we walk in the entrance is under construction with a sign saying "open during remodel".
Looked like they were adding some sort of arch in front?
So we get seated within like 5 minutes.
The place seems pretty busy.
As we sit I notice a crunch at my feet.
The floor is FILTHY.
I look around and there are napkins, straw wrappers and all kinds of stuff on the floor under all the tables.
At this time I'm totally grossed out trying not to analyze the cleanliness of everything as everything you touch is sticky....and I'm concentrating on not moving my feet too much.
Gosh.
This place has been a hit and miss for us so its been a long time since we have been here.
We order the Feast for 2 for $36 not remembering the SECRET Que for 2 for $20.
Big fat (pun intended) bummer cuz holy crap this is ALOT of food.
It should really say for 3 to 4 people.
Needless to say I know what I'll be having for lunch today!
We brought half this meal home.
Came all piled on an old trash can lid: Ribs - hit and miss here but this time they were great!
The meat came right off the bone.
Brisket - about 6 leathery pieces of not so tender meat on top of stale Texas toast (def not my fave) Chicken breast - cooked perfectly and very tasty Wilber beans - awesome flavor with little chunks of meat...yum!
4 pieces of corn - um yeah for the two of us.
It was amazingly great.
Wedge fries - always one of my faves to try out all their sauces 2 corn muffins - consistently yummy and moist Cole slaw - didn't even have any but it looked good  So the food was pretty good...better than the last time we were here.
The service was good and the waitress was attentive and very friendly.
The place is not clean unfortunately especially the floor.
Ick.
The silverwear is really really old and flimsy.
Perhaps they should spend the money on some new silverwear rather than the front entrance.
Two Coors Light Talls and a Mai Tai and $65 later.
Still bummed about the Que for 2 but you do have to ask for it.
I would have saved $15 and not have to bring home an added leftover dinner for 2.
Oh well leftovers are good too.
=)  I will for sure remember for the next time!

My girlfriend and I had dinner here tonight.
The service was unfortunate.
I found out our servers name by looking at the receipt because she didn't introduce herself.
I'm not going to put her on blast, but she needs some help with service and friendliness.
We started with the catfish which was good and quick to hit the table.. Then we waited.
And waited.. My girlfriend stopped our server to make sure she put in our entree order because we didn't finish the catfish (we were planning to take it home) and she snapped back with an unfriendly response.
When our food finally arrived, it was just ok.
The drunken apples we ordered had no "juice" in it so they came out cold and sort of dry.
Everything else was ok. We ordered a bread pudding to go because we didn't want to wait any longer for service and our bread pudding came out without the heating sticker, when I asked her for the sticker she replied with "I'll check to see if we have any but all you have to do is put it in the microwave for a minute and 30 seconds" then, when I read the sticker it was different.
The service was terrible... Not worth the 60 dollars spent.

Good food.
Good price.
Good service.
Never had a complaint about service, food quality, or cleanliness.
We love how they appreciate vets 20% discount but only on Monday or Tuesday (can't remember what day).
Kids eat for 99¢ on Monday or Tuesday (can't remember what day)    Nothing but good things to say.

I have never given this low a rating before.
The food was served with middle parts cold!
The people at the next table had the same complaint.
The pulled chicken was chunks of thigh meat smeared with sauce.
The service was so so.
We'll never go back.

I just moved to Las Vegas and the very first place I wanted to eat was Famous Dave's.
I mean, I'd had it when visiting but it wasn't available where I had lived, so my anticipation was really high for some awesome BBQ.
The restaurant was busy, but we were seated quickly, which is why is got 1 star.
The second star was because my uncle loved his food so much.
My food on the other hand, was nasty.
The oil where the fries are deep fried in is obviously old, all I could taste was oil, and the fries were dark.
For the main dish, I ordered a pulled chicken sandwich.
The chicken was kind of grayish/brown looking?
I didn't take any chances and I picked the white meat out and ate that.
The bread was stale, as if it was sitting in an open bag for way too long.
Hardly any sauce on the sandwich, which I suppose is alright since there was some on the table.
But, the worst thing is that I ordered a Diet Coke and she brought me a regular, when I told her it was a regular she got defensive and said she knew it was Diet.
I asked for a new drink anyways, and when she came back she had some excuse about how the syrup lines were crossed and they're going to fix it (I NEVER GOT IT)!!
How annoying.
THEN, she took my plate before I was done (and while my uncle was still eating).
How rude is that?
I was expecting the manager to come over and apologize, hopefully give a slight discount or something, but no such luck.
If the waitress who served on us is reading this: PLEASE don't take plates off the table until everyone is through eating.
It's so rude.

After my initial 5 star review I ate here again on a Saturday night.
Service was still good, but the food wasn't as good as I had remembered it being.
I had a feast for one and the toast was so hard it actually broke my damned tooth!
My friend had the brisket and said it wasn't good at all, they weren't even able to finish it.
My food tasted fine, the only issue was the toast.
Overall an average dining experience, but with so many other choices around we probably won't be back.

Famous Dave's is always good when nothing else sounds good.
It isn't super fancy or special, but it gets the job done when you want some traditional American BBQ quick!
The menu is diverse and has a lot of American favorites on the menu from BBQ beef, pork, and chicken, burgers, fish options, and even salads.
My favorite items are the BBQ pulled pork and the catfish fingers.
YUMMY!
I will almost always get one or the other almost every time I visit a Famous Dave's.
Hey, I know what I like!
They also have some great side items to add to your meal.
The spicy mac n' cheese is quite a highlight and delightful, if I do say so.
I also have to give props to Famous Dave's because they have Sweet Tea!
It is so hard to find Sweet Tea out West, so whenever I do, I am all over it like white on rice.
I love me some Sweet Tea!
Yummy!
Overall, the food here is good, the service is good, and the price is low.
If you just can't decide what you want to eat, you know you can find something good at Famous Dave's.

Stopped later than I normally do the other night around 7 or 8pm.
I ribs were not as good like they were not as fresh.
I don't know if they make them all earlier and hold them or what.
Service was pretty bad too.
The Lady said "I don't normally work this section.
"  Ok, well I'm still thristy...
It was still pretty good, and this is the first time they have been anything less than great.
Maybe I'll just go earlier in the evening to ensure better ribs.

great bbq!

Very friendly service but unfortunately the food was so so.
We had the feast for two which included a bar-b que chicken, brisket and pork ribs.
With sides of coleslaw, baked beans, fries and corn on the cob.
Chicken was slightly dry but the sauce was good.
Baked beans were weird, they had some kind of sausage in them.
Brisket was dry and flavorless.
Ribs were good but the sauce was nasty.
Coleslaw was average, fries were dry, corn was just corn poorly shucked.
Worth a try if you've never been to the Deep South or Midwest and have no idea what good ribs and such taste like.

Service isn't anything to brag about.
Kind of rude until they drop the check.
But the crispy chix salad an devils spit Bloody Mary are what I come for.
Always amazing.

I'd give it 2.5 stars if that was a choice.
This place is OK.
This is actually some of the best BBQ I've had since moving to Las Vegas.
However, I wouldn't call any of the BBQ I've had here good BBQ.
I was born and raised in Texas and I shouldn't hold it against Nevada for having sub par BBQ, but I do.
This place is a lot more commercialized than I thought it would be.
It's kind of like a chili's that serves BBQ.
The best BBQ is usually a shitty family owned joint or something that started as one and grew.
I thought this could be what I was looking for but it wasn't.
Food is not bad, but not good either.
The prices are a little high for what you get.

After 3 absolutely horrible experiences at this location, I have finally made the decision to leave this review.
It makes my skin crawl to be "that person" right now, as I work in the service industry, but it's not a coincidence that every time I come here, I wish I had gone somewhere else.
The first time my boyfriend and I came, we were new to the area and weren't sure what to expect.
We waited at the empty host's stand for a long while before someone finally walked by.
They just smiled and walked to the back.
After another minute of waiting, someone finally emerged from the bar area and sat us quickly and quietly.
Our server was so-so.
Nice, but slow and unattentive in a pretty empy section.
Dropped our food and we didn't see her once until she gave us the check.
Then we waited another 10 minutes for her to run our card.
The food was good enough to bring us back a second time, though.
Round two consisted of us being rushed to our seats by a man who we assumed was a manager.
He was pretty rude and short, and just seemed all around miserable.
Our server eventually took over and it was the usual food drop and dissapear move.
It was an alright experience until the booth behind us left.
We were sat right next to the register and could clearly hear our server and who we assumed was the manager complaining about how they didn't tip on a large tab.
I 100% understand that feeling, but I would never complain about it on the floor, right in direct earshot of other guests.
To top it off, they got so riled up that they began dropping all kinds of curse words.
Maybe if she had a better attitude, she would have been getting better tip results.
Currently, we're sitting in a corner booth, deciding how to tip our server after our third visit.
Our server sat us and started the conversation with drinks and all that jazz.
Very short and rude, which seems to be the pattern here.
After taking my order, my boyfriend waited for her to ask for his order, because it's only polite while someone is still writing the previous order down.
She looked at him all of a sudden and gestured rudely with her hands for him to speak.
He said, "Oh, I didn't know you were ready for my order yet.
" She snorted and said, "Well, it's only you two here so..." We got our food, which was great as usual, and about a minute later she dropped the bill and walked away.
Annoyed, we took our time.
She loitered around the bar with nothing to do and eventaully we gave her our card to pay.
She had her jacket on and her purse was sitting on the bartop while she watched my boyfriend sign the reciept.
He hadn't even put down the pen when she grabbed her copy and left.
As she closed out a till it dawned on me that she might have been a manager of some sort as well, which makes it ten times worse.
The only person doing their job today was the host.
She held the door and gave us a smile when we entered and left.
We're tipping $3 and even that seems like too much.
Definitely finding another location after our third dissapointment in a row.

I'm so surprised Dave's didn't make it for your Battle of the BBQ's because it is my ultimate favorite for BBQ!!!
I have never had a bad meal at the Famous Dave's on Rainbow.
We usually get for an appetizer the Wings which are Great my husband also gets the Chili he Loves it!!!
The Ribs & Chicken for diner with Corn Bread Muffins, Mac & Cheese, Fries & Beans everything is so Delicious and Fresh!!!
The lady Manager always goes out of her way to treat us well and make sure everything is right!
I can't say enough good about this place!!!
I truly love it!!

This is my second review for this FD.
The only thing I eat here is macaroni and cheese and the corn bread.
I have ordered the kids Mac and cheese so many times that i have lost count.
Today they brought me KRAFT Mac and cheese and tried to say that's all they have ever served in the seven years she has been there.
I told them no that's not true.
I would definitely know.
The manager came out and took it off the bill and explained the just changed the kids to Kraft.
This is the first time it took a long time to get our food brought out.
We will still continue to go once or twice a month because the food is good and the prices are good.
This just happen to be one of their bad days.

Hit and miss sometimes the food is great and other times it is the dried out butts of brisket or the chicken is dry and hard.
Once the bun was so dried out it would just crumble to powder.
Servers are nice.

I wasn't really impressed with the food here.
I stopped in Friday night for dinner with some friends.
I don't eat bbq, so I ordered the chicken caesar salad.
It was NOT good.
The dressing was kind of tangy and sour.
The service was super slow, but very nice.
When I sent the salad back, they asked if I wanted anything instead.
I ordered the catfish fingers, which were much better.
Our server actually brought a complimentary onion flower because the wait for our food was taking so long.
The rest of the food that I tried (mac n cheese, beans, onion flower) were below average.

3 Stars means "a-OK" so I'd like to give 2.5 stars to mean just "OK".
I had the beef brisket.
When the food arrived it looked like a real nice stack of sliced meat, but I quickly discovered it only looked like a large portion because they had stacked a little bit of meat on a thick slice of bread.
Food was tasty but not great.
Service was a little slow,

So the service was Great no complaints!
However, the meat was AWFUL!
Maybe it was because it was very early for lunch.
I had the rib tips and they were so dry and hard I could not eat them!
Very disappointed!
With many other BBQ restaurants in town, I will not return...
THEY GET A BIG THUMBS DOWN!

I give it three stars because of the pleasant atmosphere and great service.
Unfortunately, the famous BBQ was not to our liking.
The quality of the food is good- the vegetables were vibrant and fresh, and the burnt ends and wings were good.
The first batch of wings were overcooked, but a new batch was brought out that was nice and juicy.
Their "flavor profile" tends toward spicy- they even spice up the mac & cheese and the cheese sauce for the burnt ends.
It was just overdone.
The main problem is the sauce varieties just didn't taste good to us, and without good sauce, there's no reason to return.
We feel bad, because the atmosphere and service experience were great.
We joked we'd return for the vegetables and cornbread but we'll probably come back and try the fish sandwich or something not barbecued.

Very disappointed in this restaurant for a few reasons.
Though we were the only two people standing in front of them at 6pm on a Friday, the hostesses largely ignored us for two minutes gossiping quietly even after I said "hello" and went ungreeted.
That's fine, sometimes you get that when you hire teenagers - I get it.
Our waitress was nowhere to be found for a good 10 minutes after we were seated and she was nice enough.
Service was fine, not outstanding (after our drinks were empty for most of the meal) but no huge complaints - she was busy.
I get that too.
Unfortunately my boyfriend came down with food poisoning about seven hours after the meal and had to seek medical attention.
The doctor confirmed it - all we had to do was say "Famous Dave's.
" We had to come back to the location afterward to pick up an item we had left and my boyfriend asked to speak with a manager to let him know he had gotten sick - the manager told him there was no way it was the food there and immediately gave him the brush off.
Obviously the manager couldn't outright admit fault due to legal reasons, but that was the final straw for us.
We won't be back.

Pricey but delicious BBQ.
Got their pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw ontop of course.
Atmosphere is entertaining.
Tried their top two spicey BBQ sauces which come in ketchup squirt bottles.
Not too spicey, but wouldn't put them on my food.
All in all worth the trip and experience.

Went on Wednesday and had the , Beef it up Wednesday Brisket platter .
It was the BOMB!
awesome !!!!
The baked beans were spicy delicious and I can't say enough about the corn bread except order a dozen when you check out and you won't regret it!

If I could give a 0 star review I would.
After 2 hours of being ignored they brought out food...
But only half of the 8 people were served.
It took 20 minutes just to have someone take our drink order and after an hour and a half we went looking for a manager.
She assured us our food was on the way... 30 minutes later food started finally making it's way out.
We are here celebrating a birthday and this is now not a place I will ever come back to.

I'm reviewing this place as a person who isn't to giddy about BBQ.
We visited from California and took my Godson and my aunt for their birthday and we got the all American BBQ feast to share.
It was huge!!!!
We all ate and still had leftovers.
I'm not to great with BBQ I hate the messiness of the sauces and just the overall taste of anything but the meat.....BUT famous Dave's is something else.
I enjoyed everything on the plate!
Everything had the prefect amount of sauce not over powering.
The chicken was tender, the spareribs where tender and the chopped pork was juicy.
The cornbread was not dry at all.
We will be coming back again when we are in town.
Also the wait staff was fantastic, making sure we where good and kept our drinks filled.

After a 10 mile hike in Red Rock I was hungry.
We stopped in later in the evening on a Sunday.
I was a little nervous because the place was kind of empty.
I have no complaints about the service.
It was great.
Susan did an excellent job.
I am gonna start with the sides.
The cornbread was average.
It's called cornbread, not corn muffin.
I want a big ass piece.
Fries were okay.
Nothing special.
The BBQ chips also were just average.
Oh, but the mac and cheese.
Absolutely horrible.
Why corn?
And why Jalapenos?
The texture and consistency was horrid.
Absolutely the worst mac and cheese I have ever had.
I hate the Kraft crap with that powdered cheese product, but I would of rather had that instead.
Let's talk meat.
We both ordered the St Louis ribs.
My girlfriend also ordered hers with burnt ends.
I stole one of her burnt ends and it was actually pretty good.
I would of loved to have a big bowl of them on a Sunday afternoon watching football.
It was nice to see a place actually serve spare ribs.
I think all the main chains have ruined baby back ribs.
That fall off the bone, loaded in sauce crap.
The ribs were actually cooked perfectly.
Even though I would have preferred a little bit more of a kick in the rub, the rub was good.
The sauce was a perfect amount.
The ribs were finished in the sauce rather than slathered on afterwards.
The only downside about the ribs is for some unknown reason, they didn't remove the membrane.
That is a rookie mistake.
I don't know if that is their standard or something got overlooked in prep.
Looking online I did notice they have some California locations near me.
I will definitely check them out.
I just wont be ordering the mac and cheese.

This was a first time experience.
Friends asked to meet here and I was pleasantly surprised!
The decore is cute and the staff was very polite, there checking on us and helpful.
Ribs were the special, it was enough for 2 people.
I love spicy hot food but Wilbures Revenge xxx sauce was too much for me.
If you have 4 people get a booth, table will be too small.

We went to Famous Dave's for the first time today!
We are from Memphis and really miss southern style pulled pork.
We were not disappointed!
I can tell you we will definitely be back!
It was very good.
The restaurant and bathrooms were very clean !
The employees were all very friendly and the server was attentive.
We had a lot of sweet iced tea brought to us and it didn't take forever to get the check!
It was not expensive and had good sized portions.
Overall, it was a great experience!

So-So...
I won't be returning.
The server was sweet and attentive.
But, the food is just OK.
I won't be returning.

Been a few times now with pretty consistent results each time.
The food is pretty good, but the waitresses/waiters seem to have too big of an area, so the service suffers sometimes.
Servers are always friendly though.

Horrible service... ribs came out cold, took about 45 minutes for our food to come out and when we asked our server she said "I'm the server and not the cook" The manager than came out with our food and then we asked her when is the he kids food coming out?
She said "I only have two hands" Rude!
NEVER EVER GOING BACK THERE!
Worst experience ever!##

We are now down to zero stars if we could.
There was another incident between the last event and this one.
After tonight we will never be back.
Worse service ever.
45 minutes to get food without an explanation.
Both sides were cold.
When they brought it out they then said our plate had been dropped so they had to make a new meal.
However, our sides obviously were not fresh.
When the plate had been dropped they should have told us then so we would not have been getting upset waiting.
The Mac was so runny and that same manager lied again "it's a new macaroni".
Third lie from her.
The macaroni was literally soup.
She half assed apologized and offered to comp our meal.
Then asked if we wanted anything ask.
My husband ask for a water.
She said she would get it.
She never brought it.
When we got the bill she did comp the meal except his beer and literally said "oh sorry about the water".
Are you serious?
Is this ok from your corporate office?
The event prior to this one is another long story involving the food being wrong and her lying.
But whatever, we will NEVER be back.

