The title says it all, because once you walk out the front door you are saying "Oh no..........what did I just eat?
"  But this restaurant could be for you, that is if  you like to juggle globs of fat on your toungue every time you take a bite of their meat.
Ono indeed.

Katsu chicken is a fav of mine.
Took some friends as part of the Hawaiian themed day at the office.

Good food at a good price.
Pretty Authentic Hawaiian BBQ in AZ and Cali.
I get the #4 combo.

Oh NO!
So I have passed this place nearly two dozen times and every time I look inside the place is DEAD!!
I wonder to myself WTF; How does this place stay open?
Now, I love Chicken.
I could eat Japanese, Chinese and Hawaiin everyday if it is grilled or sauteed.
Not fried.
So, I get done training and I decide Im going to give this graveyard a try.
I walk in, no smell!
I look around, No customers.
I walk up to the counter and the only thing I can hear is the air vent.
Fucking Crickets I tell you.
So So quiet.
I knew this was going to be bad.
And I'm going to cut to the end here.......
It was the worst I have ever had.
The chicken was not fresh, there was very little flavor and the kicker...... Diaherhea (spelling) and the chills.....
ENOUGH SAID!

This place is good I get the barbeque chicken and some of there sauce very tasty and not a lot of money

Their chicken is just too rubbery and chewy for me - though I think this is the way they intend to prepare it, and obviously some people really like it.
I've eaten at another location in the past with the same rubbery results.
Their shrimp and fish was almost passable.
Disappointed as this would be a healthy close-to-home alternative.

This place rocks!
Cheapest lunch in Scottsdale, AZ!
For $5.00 (including tax), you get a nice serving of rice, macaroni salad and your choice of meat with boiled cabbage (most tasty).
Nice way to avoid overeating as the serving is just right.
If you're on a low carb diet, ask for extra cabbage, no rice, no mac salad.
Meat choices are chicken, beef and pork, bbq or teriyaki.
They serve katsu chicken which is nice and crispy, lightly breaded.
There is spam musubi, manapua, gyoza, crab wonton wraps and noodle dishes.
Service is good even during the lunch hour rush.
They get the line moving fast.
Sauces on the side, choice of teriyaki or katsu, sriracha.
Give it a try...
The price is RIGHT!

satisfied my craving for spam musubi.
would go back for them!

Love, love, love me some Hawaiian food!
I usually go for the trio plate that comes with beef, chicken, and pork, the most delicious macaroni salad and white rice.
Bring your appetite when you come here.
Tip- great for lunch- they have 5 dollar plate lunches!
Aloha!

This place doesn't do it for me.
It's a nice spacious place that is clean and has friendly employees.
But I guess I'm just not a fan of the Kalua Pork.
I liked the Katsu Sauce that I put over the pork.
But overall, my tastebuds were underwhelmed by the Kalua Pork.

Prices recently went up but the food and service is still good, some new items on the menu.

ONO Hawaiian is a chain.
Several locations in several states.
That said, the food isn't bad.
Perhaps not as good as what you would get in Hawaii, but still pretty good.
Today we ordered a family meal.
Chicken katsu, BBQ beef, chicken curry.
The curry could have used more sauce.
Would have made the flavor stronger.
But it was fine.
The BBQ beef was pretty good.
Not salty, nice flavor.
The chicken katsu is like "chicken fingers" you'd get in many restaurants.
The katsu sauce makes the difference.
The meals come with scoops of rice, and scoops of a macaroni salad.
I'm not fond of mayonnaise-based salads (macaroni or potato).
This one isn't horrible.
I can't say it's good, but remember that I don't like mayo.
That I can eat any at all says it probably isn't bad.
If you like mayo you will probably love that macaroni salad.
Overall, pretty tasty.
And what was really cool was that the cashier took our coupon, even though their location was not listed as accepting them!
That is good customer service, in my opinion.
I would rate the food at 2.5 stars, but that kind of concern for the customer earns them a solid 3 star rating in my book.

Went here for the first time a yesterday and wow....I already want it again.
Its up the street from me and I well come back here often!
The menu is simple, the place is clean and the price isnt too bad.
Try the chicken.....really yummy!

I'm a devout fan of Aloha Kitchen so I was hesitant to try another Hawaiian place here in the Valley.
Especially one with mixed reviews.
But it was convenient one day so the boyfriend and I decided to give it a go.
And i'm happy we did!
We got the food to go - I got the BBQ combo (chicken and beef) and he got the katsu.
Like most Hawaiian joints the portions were huge so bring your appetite.
I thought the chicken and beef were both done very well.
Juicy, flavorful and not too fatty or gristly.
The mac salad was not as good as Aloha Kitchen but it was decent.
The portion was a little skimpy too compared to the rest of the meal.
But like I said, big portions overall so it was okay.
We also got a few manapua to try.
Very good, tasted fresh.
When I find myself on the north end of town I would not hesitate to go back to Ono.

I love their food but DO NOT come to the Scottsdale location.
I phoned in my order ahead to beat the lunch rush, I get there not busy i though cool.
I walk up to the counter, a girl comes up to counter looks at me don't say anything to me so I was like I'm here for an pick up order, she said "um hum" and tell me my total, turn around grabs my togo order.
I paid her, she gaves me my changes tells me there is fork over there, turns around and go into the kitchen..... Not a "How are You" not a "thank you" Not "have a nice day"  NOTHING.....  RUDE.
On top of that my meat was soo dry.
Never, never would I go back to this place again....  BAD Service,  BAD FOOD!

The place is about as authentic as one of those cheap plastic coconut bras that you get for $5 at the ABC store in the seedy part of Honolulu but it is tough to argue with their low lunch prices.
I can tolerate a lot more when it is only $5.

My husband and I love this place.
We live across the street so it's always an easy dinner.
The food is good and you get a nice sized portion.
I honestly have no idea why people don't like it!!

Is Ono the best Hawaiian BBQ I've had?
Not really, Is it the best in the state?
Debatable.
Do I end up here whenever I have the craving?
You betcha!
There aren't many options in town for Hawaiian BBQ, and Ono scratches the itch consistently and never lets me down.
Spam Musubi is good, the chicken, beef, kalbi and katsu are all tasty and consistent.
In short, if you're in the area and want da kine grinds, check it out brah!

C'mon, five bucks for a big, quality plate of delicious lemon chicken?
Please.
Really, we're talking about two meals worth of food.
This place rocks.

Best plate lunch I've found on the mainland thus far!
My father grew up in Hawaii so I know what to order!
(obviously you are a hoale if you get chicken teriyaki haha) Damn good plate lunch I always get the BBQ Beef lunch special.
If you want to eat some specialities I recommend the Spam Musabi (Moo sa bee) and Manapua(Ma Na Poo uh)!

Cheap, questionable chicken and really, really overpriced considering the quality and amount that is given.
Not a ton of options but the only thing open in town on Easter.
Spend your money elsewhere.

This place is really close to my house so I was hoping to find a place that I really liked, close by.
I got some sort of combination plate and I was really disappointed.
The rice was a gooey tasteless glob and the meat was oily with no flavor either.
I am one of those people that always eats everything on my plate, and I only took a few bites of everything and threw the rest away.

Quick review:   It's pretty good.
I eat here when I'm in the area but don't seek it out.
It's somewhat lacking in value and the food is not really remarkable in any way.
Good Musubi, and it's the best Hawaiian food in North Scottsdale ;)

Absolute worst meal anywhere.
Never again.
I ordered the seafood mix which came with chicken, shrimp and fish along with 2 scoops of plain white rice, a scoop of macaroni salad and cabbage (which they called a side of vegetables).
They asked me if I wanted tartar sauce and I said "yes.
"  So they give me two cups of tartar sauce that they store on the counter and not even refrigerated.
Hello?
But tartar sauce's main ingredient is mayonnaise.
It needs refrigerated.
Room temperature tartar sauce is questionable for anyone's stomach.
No telling how long it had been kept at room temperature.
Then the 2 pieces of fish, although greasy hot from the deep fryer were still translucent and slimy inside like raw or semi raw fish.
Not at all flakey like cooked fish is supposed to be.
The chicken was tough and hard to cut with the plastic knife.
Of course the white rice was bland.
It would be nice if they would have some sort of sauce or something to eat with the dry white rice.
Never again will I eat there.

They have fantastic macaroni salad and rice.
The kalbi short ribs and the teriyaki chicken are both favorites.
Fast and very friendly service as well as great lunch prices!

Classic Hawaiian barbecue place serving Kalbi ribs, chicken, sliced beef and some seafood.
I usually get the number four mix.
Good food at a good price for that style.

As far as fast food goes, this place is at the top of my list.
Its always fresh and it is a treat compared to other food choices.
I'd never really had Hawaiian food before and didn't quite know what to expect the first time I went here.
But its really pretty much like comfort food.
And I love it.
But the real reason that I'm throwing 4 stars out is because today is the first day that I went there for lunch and the special is a screaming deal.
I got the Katsu Chicken and the portion was huge for $5.49.
My only regret is that I haven't tried more on the menu because the few things that I stick with are always wonderful.

I have three for sures here.
My favorite is the  grilled curry chicken.
My other two stand bys are the Hawaiian BBQ mix and the Kahlua pork.
The beef noodle soup is also worth a try.
Good portions at an acceptable price.

I love their curry chicken n spam rolls!
I always order an extra side of curry with it!
This is not a low cal place but they do have great salads and grilled meats.
I've been coming here for about three years and the staff is always nice and helpful if I'm a little indecisive

Never disappointed when I come here, my fav dish is the BBQ mix.
Unfortunately I work early, when I take my lunch it's still closed.

Lots of options.
Decent food for the price.
Not remarkable.

Best authentic Hawaiian style BBQ beef around.
The add two scope of rice and Mac salad with cabbage...Ono Hawaiian style.

We thought this place was somewhere else or another place.
Had the mixed bbq and a Hawaiian bowl.
Nothing to write home about.
Seemed a lot like Kyoto Bowl.
It was fair.
Tea was brewed but old and skunky.
All in all it was meh.

