Delectable dark chocolate concoctions gave a friend and me a yummy afternoon.
Can't wait to try the other chocolates.

Salted caramel truffles are where it's at.
But they really need to amp up  the atmosphere.
It looks like a dentist's office, with no clue chocolate is involved.
Everyone's in love with chocolate, so romance us.
When we went in, we couldn't tell if they had chocolate at all since the cases were  covered in paper that was taped together.
Because the cases were facing the window, and the sun was melting the chocolates.
Genius design move.
Tastes good, but give us the atmosphere.
We're spending enough.

When I moved up to the dairyland I was woo'd w/ the cheese (hook's) and the ice cream (chocolate shoppe), but I couldn't find a decent chocolate.
The holy dairy trinity was incomplete!
Then I found gail's truffles.
Gail's last name, by birth, is Ambrosius.
Do you believe in fate?
I do now.
She was made for this job.
Running around $2 a pop, I only buy these as gifts.
The only chance I get to indulge is when I stop into Gail's shop and am graced with a free "defective" one (or two!
) truffles.
It's a good thing they aren't more affordable, because I can't afford the inches on my hips.

This is the best dark chocolate I've ever eaten.
I'm so sad to know that they stopped making the 99% dark.
They claim it's because people didn't like it because *somehow* they couldn't figure out that it was going to be bitter.
Those people need to not eat here; they're ruining it for the rest of us.
The 99% dark truffle was the greatest truffle ever.
Anyway, I still love Gail's chocolates.
I hope to have them shipped to me when I no longer live in WI.

Just received a box of the fall collection as a gift.
I'm probably being snobby, but the truffles are average, not spectacular.
I also think it's a matter of personal preference.
I like center of truffles to be bit more airy and soft, where as Gail's is pretty solid firm.
I think Candina makes softer ones, which is my type.
The flavor infusions are not quite done right.
I can't quite appreciate all the flavors that are supposed to be there.
Compared to other big names like Recchiuti, these truffles falls a bit short.

Simply some of the best truffles I have ever tasted.
The tea-themed have delicate flavors that, while they may not really remind me of the tea, are still delicious.
The absolute best was raspberry -- I couldn't believe it when I tasted it.
Some chocolatiers are overpriced and not worth the price -- Gail Ambrosius's chocolates are worth every cent.

I love Gail Ambrosius chocolates.
The flavors are so rich, and the truffles are beautiful.
I get the salted caramel, cardamom, rose, and raspberry truffles a lot, but each time I get a box I pick out six different flavors.
Recently they've had a brandied cherry cordial truffle as one of their seasonal specials--oh my goodness were those good.
I also like their nut mixes, chocolate-dipped candied ginger, and sorbets.
Plus!
Bicycle Benefits sticker = 2 FREE TRUFFLES with your purchase.
Need I say more?
FREE TRUFFLES.

I am not a huge fan of sweets, so Ambrosius chocolates are perfect for me.
You don't get the gross, overly sweet fillings that are all powdered sugar and flavorings.
The caramel was salt on it, which was surprising at first, but when you mix the flavors in your mouth, you get something really amazing.
The Earl Grey was a very unusual flavor, but it was delightful.
Just thinking about the the caramel makes my mouth water.

We all know there's nothing like chocolate, but what do you say to chocolate made locally up to hours before time of purchase from quality ingredients by a Wisconsin native who studied chocolate-making in France?
Gail Ambrosius is the only correct answer to this question.
This cute little shop has nothing but a display case full of truffles ranging from whacky to wonderful (such flavors include jasmine tea, kentucky bourbon, rose garden), and a few shelves full of other chocolate items.
The gourmet chocolate bars look as great as they taste, and make a wonderful gift.
I love the three hot nuts bar, as well as the cherry almond.
A little pricey, but worth it.
Other products include hot chocolate mix, chocolate sauce, holiday specials and t-shirts.
The front end staff is friendly though not always chocolate educated.
However, rumor has it you can find Gail Ambrosius herself on site most days whipping up this Mad-town wonder.

For a specialty Chocolatier, this place is great!
The selection changes quite a bit and the flavors they have are amazing, just one day is usually enough to suffice... OK, maybe two!!!
The price is steep, $2 a piece can get expensive, especially when buying them as gifts for people.
But once you've experienced such decadent truffles, you too will be hooked for life!

Locally made chocolates...does it get much better?
The shop is so cute and full of truffles, bon bons, and the like.
There is a window to the back area, so you can see how the chocolate is made.
Gail Ambrosius, who swears that is her real name, spent time studying the art in France, and it shows.
The treats are fantastic.
High quality chocolate with high quality ingredients.
It's a good place to be adventurous and try new flavors.
My personal favorite is the caramel with sea salt.
Excellent!!
As far as I'm concerned, there is no where else to go for quality chocolates in Madison.

LOVE.
enough said.

This is probably the best dark chocolate I have ever had!
I've been to many places and try the local chocolate everywhere I go, and I have yet to find anyplace better.
(Closest is French Broad Chocolate in Asheville, NC.
)  My sister in California has me ship it to her every year because they have nothing that even comes close to Gail's in San Jose.
Thanks Gail!

Completely by accident, I stopped by this store when they were having a 5-year anniversary party.
Everyone was in evening gowns, cheering and laughing and having a blast.
They gave me free goodies and even asked me to join them!
This is a store where the staff clearly knows how to have fun doing something they love.
This store is full of chocolate--bars, truffles, baking nibs, cocoa drink mix, marzipan squares.
I've eaten my way about halfway through their selections, and all of it is delicious.
Add in excellent service service; when they notice my Bicycle Benefits helmet sticker, they offer me my free truffle even if I don't ask.
What could be better?
More!
More more more!
How about a chocolaty frozen treat of some kind?

It is difficult to write a review anymore.
If someone doesn't like your review, they contact Yelp and Yelp removes it.
That being said, allow me to declare these chocolates average.
I am not sure what all these people are talking about, saying the store is filled with "bob-bons.
" The number of different chocolates available I could have counted on my hand.
Yes, they are real chocolates, as opposed to say, a Godiva, where it's mass produced candy by Campbell's Soup, but there is so much better chocolate out there.
My immediate thought is Jacques Torres Chocolate in New York.
That is chocolate.
There is Vosges.
I realize you can buy their candy bars in World market, but if you get a chance to visit a retail shop, the chocolate and the uniqueness of the combination certainly surpasses anything sold here.
La Maison du Chocolat makes incredible truffles.

Lemongrass ginger chocolate truffle?
WHAT THE WHAT?
It was very delicious, and I'm not really into chocolate.
Service was friendly.
Bonus points for the chocolate Eiffel Tower.

This place kicks Candinas' ass by a long shot.
Granted, you have to like dark chocolate, complex flavors, and high quality.
If you don't value these qualities, go up to the capitol and get some super-sugary nonsense.

Six stars!
The first 5 are for the chocolate and the 6th is for service.
I don't live locally and Easter totally crept up on me.
I called the store the Friday before Easter and asked if they could deliver some gifts for my family.
My mother's place is right down the street from the store and they hand delivered my order (free of charge) within a few hours of my call!
I will always use this store for all of my chocolate gifts.
Did I mention that the chocolate is awesome too...

My favorite chocolates.
I think I started with the Earl Grey a few years ago and I've never looked back.
We go to lunch nearby and then stop off here for dessert.

I'm soooo very happy this shop is about 45 minutes from my home otherwise I'd be huge and broke, happy though!

Caramel with sea salt.
It will stop you in your tracks.

I'm giving this one 5 stars because the dark chocolate is so good!
Her ingredients are fresh and top quality.
They make excellent gifts with many options available for sizes and combinations.
You can also get them shipped to you now.

This place is a must for any dark chocolate lover!
Many have mentioned the sea salt caramels in prior reviews, which are amazing, but pumpkin is my favorite truffle.
Best of all, they're available now for the season.
They even have some beer ones right now.
These gems are a little pricey, but they're worth the splurge every now and then!
Seems to be the trend......along with cheese curds and venison sausage, GA chocolates are always the most requested items from WI by my CA friends whenever I'm back in Madison!

the best chocolate truffles, hands down.

If you like dark chocolate, this is your place!
I went here on a whim with my friend after a big breakfast at Blue Plate Diner and got a 6-piece box of truffles and chocolate dipped candied orange peels.
Soooo yummy and satisfying.
I really like how smooth the chocolate was and the variety of flavors.
They have the usual flavors like salted caramel and raspberry, but they also have some interesting varieties like ginger.
Definitely recommend.

Absolutely amazing.
I love this place!
My personal favorite is the salted caramels, but their vegan truffles are also delicious!
I love going in here once a month or so to get my grandmother fancy chocolates because she is allergic to milk and can't get them anywhere else.
Bonus: they do Bike Benefits here and also have truffle and box punch cards!

Gail Ambrosius' chocolates are fantastic.
She has created a wide range of truffle flavors, all of which are blow-your-mind decadent.
Less-adventurous (or I suppose, more kindly, 'classic') eaters will love the caramels and the vanilla (More adventurous will as well, but they'll be willing to try more exotic flavors without trepidation...).
I think my current favorites are sweet curry with saffron & shiitake, but each truffle is distinct and delicious in its own right.
I recently placed a large order of truffles (including custom favor boxes) for my wedding.
The staff I worked with the whole time was fantastic, and the end result was transcendent.
Transporting 600 truffles across the state in two coolers terrified me, but the truffles made it and were a big hit.
A big thanks to Gail, Katharine, & everyone who had to tie those little bows for making our big day that much sweeter.

Full disclosure: while I have a soft spot for most sweets, chocolates aren't really my bag, baby.
That said, I've been here a few times over the past year, usually to buy gifts for friends.
My most recent visit was a bit of a nightmare.
I generally dislike reviews that complain about a one-off situation, but this past visit has stuck with me for a few days now, so buckle-up and let's do this.
I popped-in to buy a single box of the Beerific Taster's sampler.
There were 4 staff members working behind the counter, and two customers inside.
One of the customers was purchasing more than $600 worth of chocolates; he had two people helping him pay, box/bag-up, and sign-off on the frequent buyers cards.
Another customer couldn't decide what to buy and was asking questions ("What flavor is lemongrass?
" "Are the salted caramels really salty?
" "What's a ganache?
"), getting samples, hemming and hawing.
I grabbed the box, and stood, waiting to pay, cash in hand.
The staff member who was helping the indecisive patron looked at me a few times, but didn't offer to take my cash.
However, as soon as the phone rang, she was all over answering it.
Wish I was exaggerating when I say that 12 minutes later, I was still standing there waiting to pay.
I knew 12 minutes had passed because I had sent a text just as I walked in, and I got the reply as I was standing in the store.
Ugh.
Fed up, I said, "I will happily over pay for this box if I can just pay and leave.
Here's $13 (the chocolate was $12) - please keep the change.
"  The fourth staff member who had been milling about, said, "Oh, I'm sorry, did you want to check out?
" Grrrrrr.
Other visits have been pretty decent; this was likely an anomaly.
I'll return, I'm sure, but I may bring a camp chair, just in case.
Oh, and the Beerific sampler was excellent; my friend inhaled the box; I managed to sneak a nibble from a few of them and was quite pleased.

Chocolate.
The mere word evokes lustful sentiments and feelings of intense desire.
Chocolate is more than just a form of sugary sustenance; it is an encapsulation of all that is good in the world.
Chocolate can no longer be classified as a type of food, but rather a delicious manifestation of human emotion, a symbol of contentment.
Lucky for us, a select number of individuals were placed on this earth to spread this embodiment of delectation.
One such contributor performs her mouthwatering magic right here in Madison, concocting gourmet chocolates at one of the tastiest shops in town: Gail Ambrosius Chocolatier.
Gail Ambrosius, founder of the shop, has been sharing her passion for chocolate with the Madison community since 2004, when she opened Gail Ambrosius Chocolatier.
Since then, chocolate has become a way of life for Ambrosius.
She learned much about the chocolate craft when she went to France to learn from the esteemed Valhrona and Cluizel chocolatiers.
As a result, her chocolates have received wide acclaim.
In fact, her shop earned the title of America's "Best Little Box of Chocolates" on the Food Network, wherein Alton Brown's film crew came to the shop for a whole day of filming.
Over the years, her shop has become a beloved installment in Madison's Atwood neighborhood, earning praise for its innovative flavor combinations and its commitment to artfully crafted chocolates.
Ambrosius has melded outlandish ingredients with fresh chocolate in her acclaimed truffle collection, some of which include:   Sweet Curry with Saffron Lemongrass with Ginger Shiitake Mushroom Rose Earl Grey  A few of her most popular flavors--Lucille's Vanilla and Caramel Sprinkled with Grey Salt--are similarly transporting, albeit a bit more traditional.
Whether it's exotic or conventional chocolates you seek, know that Gail Ambrosius is here to satisfy.

