This service is definitely a service of UW alumni brilliance.
Perfect for a college city whose retail venues typically close down at 11pm.
Anything from DVDs, to condoms, to cleaning supplies--you can find it all on their site.
Site is easily navigable and service is friendly and fast--those are some fit people delivering on bikes!

This place was really cool, until my gift certificates totaling $450 were expired a day or so, and they refused to extend them.
Although I did have the opportunity previously to use my gift certificates to buy new ones (thus extending them), generally if a gift certificate is for a monetary amount, businesses do not reject them even if they are expired.
Until this point I had been a very good customer; I always tipped the delivery people at least 20%, and had spent a pretty penny there for a good year.
The business was very unreasonable and difficult to talk to, in fact the whole issue was handled very unprofessionally and there is no way I would ever support them again, and will never pass up an opportunity to tell my people how crappy they are at business managers.

Put another notch under "terrible business management.
"  While I appreciate a clear note on the website that the business is closed for winter break, making their entire website inaccessible until they re-open is a terrible idea.
It prevents me from checking them out to see if they could be useful to me in the future, and now I'm unlikely to go back.

I have used Madtown Munchies since I came to Madison 6 years ago for school and couldn't be happier.
I first started to use them to get late night snacks and cigarettes for study breaks and now that I have made Madison my home I have kept using them when I'm too lazy to get out of the house and go to the store.
Their selection keeps expanding as well as their hours.
I have had a Yelp account for a while now and have never really felt the strong urge to use it to write a good or bad review until I saw Madtown Munchies on here.
I have never had a complaint and have always been happy with my order and delivery time.
A couple years ago I called, when you still could, after they had just closed to see if I could get some late night snacks and they were nice enough to still deliver it.
Customer service is a big part of how I value a business and they couldn't be doing a better job.
To top it off they keep it green by delivering on bikes (even in the winter) and a new electric car.
Great business, keep it up.
P.S.
Don't forget to tip the delivery guys!

What is there to review?
You log online, pick out  your munchies, and they promptly deliver them to your door.
Everything is name-brand products you're familiar with.
I love having a few too many drinks at home and having them bring me some junk-food to my door.
whoever invented this is a genius.

