this restaurant is located in commercial center, where the infamous the Green Door swingers club is located, and several korean businesses.
it's one of those places that gives you the choice of sitting at a table with a built-in barbecue grill for the Kalbi or a regular table.
i prefer to cook it myself, so i can have the meat a little more on the rare side.
it's doesnt have the most attractive decor and in the winter time the place runs rather cold.
i think its bc of all the fans above the tables with the built-in bbq.
so its not attractive here.
why do i go here?
for two reasons, the kalbi and the raw crab.
oh yeah those garlic/sesame oil/rice wine marinated sweet short ribs sizzling amongst onions and peppers are just so good here.
many places that ive been to dont have it as tasty as this place.
i usually order this with dolsukbap.
its a burning hot stone pot filled with cooked rice and topped with a raw egg, beef and several vegetables.
You have to mix it all up with spicy bean-paste served on the side and let the rice sizzle against the pot to become crunchy crusts of rice to add more texture to this dish.
against the inside of the pot.
ok, yeah raw crab is my other favorite dish.
its blue crab cracked in half and claws ripped off completely smothered in a spicy chili sauce.
if you take the claw just crack it with your teeth and squeeze or rip out the soft raw crab meat.
if you take the body, just stick the whole thing in your mouth and use your teeth to squeeze out the fleshy spicy meat.
yummy!!!
i was disappointed with pa'chan (side dishes).
its different at every korean restaurant, so sometimes they have your favorites and sometimes not.
lately, not.
im always looking for the spinach in sesame oil, the fried anchovies soaking in sweet oil, the crunchy radish, the fish cake, the spicy cucumbers, and some dried flaky white fish.. also this time they didnt have any the refreshing fermented sweet rice drink at the end.
so sad...

My experience with Korean restaurants have been quite limited.
We usually stick to the beef dishes and noodles, but that's about it.
So, imagine my surprise when I was offered the raw crab.
For sure!
Jin Mee is among a slew of other Korean restaurants nearby a Korean supermarket, so it's hard to choose which one to go to.
(In this case, if there are other Koreans eating there, that's a good sign.
)  With lots of seating area, we ended up a table at the far end after a bout of musical chairs.
We initially wanted to cook our own beef but discovered that they only let you do that if there is more than one order.
We also ordered this rice dish in a clay pot and the raw crab dish.
The Kalbi beef was tasty and I always prefer this with white rice so I can enjoy the intense flavors of the beef on its own.
The clay pot rice dish was a bit mix of stuff.
The crispy edges are what you're really aiming for and you have to be sure to crisp them up quick.
The raw crab smothered in Korean chili paste was a first timer for me.
The shell was soft in certain sections where you can drag your teeth along to pull the tasty morsels out.
Other times, I think I would have asked for a cracker to bust into the claws for all the other juicy bits.
Full of flavor and spice, it's one messy dish!
(Ask for extra napkins when you get this!
)  There was a lot of food for the two of us, and we couldn't finish the crab at all.
Side dishes - I was looking for the anchovies, which they didn't have, and same for the spinach.
They rotate the side dishes out, so I guess it's a hit or miss depending on what day you go.
(It was a Saturday night for me.
)  In my experience, it's always best to go with a Korean person if you can.
You discover additional side dishes that aren't usually offered to everyone else.
And your Korean friend will know what other ones to ask for too if they don't see it.
Bathrooms - they must have remodeled.
Walking into the back, you feel like things are  a bit under construction.
Then you find the bathrooms and are pleasantly surprised with how new it is.
So new that there's no place to hang the toilet paper yet!
(As my friend said, he almost felt the urge to christen the new bathrooms!
)    Service - the girls are nice and service is decent.
I did have to ask for more tea as they weren't checking to see if we needed any.
Overall, it's a decent place.
The crab was a great discovery for me, but I've had a better selection of sides to entice me more.

I'm a little more biased towards Jin Mee because of knowing the people, but that usually isn't enough to get me coming back to a place if I don't like it.
The restaurant is really big now.
Now you can cook kalbi or other meats right on your table.
The service is good.
I'm not really a jjajjangmyun fan (black bean noodles) so I don't really order this, but I do like their jjampong (spicy seafood and noodle soup) and bi bbim neng myun (spicy noodles).
The atmosphere is nice, and they also have a Karaoke place next door now.

Although I am a bit biased since my good friend's family owns this place....it is still...hands down...the best Korean food I've ever had....and I've had a good amount of Korean food from during the years that I've lived in California, Vegas, and DC!
The new karaoke addition is beautifully decorated and super private for those nights when you and your friends get entirely too drunk and start singing things like the Barbie Girl song :)

Once you've been to Vegas enough times and had your fill of luxurious buffets and booze, it's great to take a step back into reality and appreciate the smaller restaurants.
You most likely won't stumble across Jin Mee, especially if you're a tourist, but if you love jja jjang myeon, jot down their address right now and give this place a go.
They serve you a nice cold glass of bori-cha (korean barley tea) with your meal; it's very refreshing to sip the light yet nutty flavor of the tea, especially after one of the hot days in Vegas.
Probably one of the most disappointing points of the meal (which isn't saying much), is that they only offered 4 side dishes.
Three types of kimchee: cabbage, radish, and cucumber.
In addition they offered sliced pickled daikon (radish) as well.
The cabbage kimchee was so delicious, perfectly chilled and with the perfect ripeness, you'll have a hard time finding this anywhere else!
We kept the waitress busy by asking her for plenty of kimchee refills.
Everyone in our group ordered the jja jjang myeon noodles (stir fried noodles in black soy bean sauce) and for $7.99 for such a large bowl, it was a steal.
The waitress would cut up your noodles with scissors, you mix the sauce and everything yourself, and you're ready to have those noodles glide straight into your stomach.
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/VmVTDmlLZdwoRVTJO4niaQ?select=YCev16DPeJdZm8RRj9MU6Q) The noodles were firm and the bits of diced onions and meat mixed with the black bean sauce delivered an amazing feeling of comfort.
Especially while enjoying their kimchee after every other bite.
Mmm.
Heaven.
I'm DEFINITELY going back next time I'm in Vegas.
Thoughts:  Jin Mee's location is a bit questionable, across the parking lot you'll notice a lot of 'flavor'ful clubs and massage parlors.
Oh well, if you're craving the best jja jjang myeon and kimchee ever, hit up Jin Mee!

We stumbled upon this place looking for something authentic in Las Vegas.
We were just driving around looking for something to eat and we saw a whole bunch of restaurants in this area.
We took a a gamble and I'd say we hit the Jack-Pot here.
They just started they're buffet and wow the food here is awesome.
My mom loved it and she's a hard person to please especially at a buffet such as this one.
It's definitely a place to visit when you're in Vegas.

We wanted to check out a new place so we got here on a weekday early afternoon.
We ordered a bbq seafood combo and it was very tasy.
All the side dishes were great and the gae jang, basically a raw and spicy marinated blue crab was delicious.
It was as good as the one I had in Korea.
This place is pretty big and seems very clean.
Since we liked it so much we came again the following day to try their lunch special: Ja jang myun for 3.99 USD and Jjamppong for 5.99 USD.
It was delicious!
We will definetly come back to try their dinner bbq buffet.
It is less than 20 bucks per person.
I am sorry for janel but this is very common for Korean places.
If you don't order at least 2 bbq dishes or a bbq combo they will usually (re) seat you in another section without a vent unless the other places are all taken.
For most Korean restaurants one bbq order is usually cooked in the kitchen and not at the table top bbq.

Bliss, Heaven, and Gluttony sums up the experience I had here.
I just got off the plane from a 5 hour flight from DC, had my friend pick me up,  and we headed here for dinner on a Fri nite around 9pm.
We ordered AYCE $17 PP bbq - bulgogi, kalbi, and chicken.
Came with two types of soups (tofu/potato and an egg white souffle), bancha (kimchee, radish, seaweed, fishcake, and bean sprouts), salad greens with a sesame dressing, steamed white rice, and dipping sauces.
In short, we grilled our own meat (bulgogi was sliced so thin that it only takes less than a minute per side to cook), alternated or simultaneously ate the meat with other numerous delicious (I didn't really care for the egg white souffle soup) items, and started the process all over again, and again, and again.
An experience you will enjoy, savor, wish it didn't end, and feel unbelievably satiated to the point of feeling ridiciously delirous!
I slept like a baby afterwards and dreamt of my fabulous hot and smokey experience.

$17.95 (not including tax + tip) per person, AYCE Korean BBQ!
Why didn't anyone tell me this was here in Vegas!
If I knew about this place sooner, I would be coming here more often to get my Korean BBQ fix.
First off, they have different price tiers of AYCE to choose from.
I always go for the $17.
You have a variety of meat and seafood (yes, I said seafood) to choose from.
I always opt for the kalbi, bulgogi, beef brisket, tongue (if i feel adventurous), spicy marinated pork, and the shrimp.
The marinade of their meats is so yummy and for the price, it is not to be beat!
The price also includes 2 types of soups, side dishes, hot steamed rice, and salad.
You will be full after you eat here!
The reason I give 4 stars is as follows:  The service is usually not  good.
The restaurant has only a few waitresses walking around, so if it's busy, then you will have to hunt them down.
What also bothers me is the lack of ventilation and their grills.
It's usually smoky inside even though they have their fans on.
Also, beware of the grill!
For some reason, they spew out large flames randomly.
Try not to leave your hand over the grill for too long.
Other than that, I really recommend that you come here for good, cheap, korean bbq.
It's in the same plaza of Lotus of Siam.

I took my parents to this place even though I had never been there before myself.
I trusted the strength of the other reviews on this site, and John Curtas's blog.
We were all highly pleased with our dinner.
The kimchee and other salads were fresh and delicious, Bibimbap hot pot was very tasty, and the huge seafood stew was redolent with mussels, squid, fish, crab and whole shrimps.
Still, the group's hands down favorite was the dumpling soup.
The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive and helped my very Anglo family find food we enjoyed.
I will definitely come here again.

Served it's purpose.
I've yet to find a decent Korean place while in Vegas.
This will probably be my go to place for now.
My friend and I dropped by after deciding to go get Korean food and checking the reviews on Yelp.
They do have AYCE - but you get a variety of meat and seafood - and we just wanted some beef, so we just ordered straight from the menu - which is a bit more.
2 orders of Bulgogi and one order of Duk Mandoo Gook (dumpling and rice cake soup) and 2 sprites later - it was about 64 bucks.
pretty par in pricing I have to say.
It's definitely quite a few bucks cheaper than the ones on the strip, and this wasn't too far from our hotel.
Service - well, it's a Korean restaurant - so I don't expect a whole lot - especially when there are only 2 people working in a gigantic restaurant.
For the most part - they were pretty attentive - however, right before we left - there was a HUGE group that came in and another huge group was asking for separate checks - so we kinda got lost in the shuffle.
But my friend wasn't complaining - they had the football game on on the big plasma on the wall.
Food - good  banchan - decent selection  service - par for the course  restaurant - clean - but a bit chilly inside- I think the big huge windows along the whole side of the restaurant was not helping.
would I come again - sure.
just a note - if you are going with a huge group - don't ask for separate checks.
Remember - they don't have a huge computerized system - for them to do separate checks - it takes a lot of time and energy which means the other people in the restaurant are being ignored.
Don't be that a-hole.

The first thing you notice about this place is that they serve AYCE krn bbq which they advertise on the front of the store.
But I didn't have any bbq so read on if ya want.
Dol sot bi bim bap: good but it may have just been cuz I was starving and it was steaming hot on a cold Thanksgiving day.
plus you're gonna need that gochujang Bbq chicken: yummy!
but not spicy at all Jjambbong: pretty good and I dont even like jjambbong Fried rice: tasted like plain butter to me but dad enjoyed it  Total bill came out to $35-40 Could've been cheaper... but would def come back and maybe try the jjajangmyun that everyone else seemed to be eating.
Good service and it partly made up for my first thanksgiving without a traditional turkey/mashed potato feast.

Delicious!
Lots & lots of tasty meat & pan chan (sp?
) for a very reasonable price.
My friends and I stopped by after a day of climbing at Red rocks... a perfect food for a group of scruffy climbers.
I really enjoyed the the marinated pork, chicken & gaelbi (beef ribs) - so so yummy!
All-you-can eat for four translates to an ENORMOUS starter plate of 4 meats of your choice.
The brisket is kind of on the plain side (not recommended).
Also comes with steamed egg (so-so) & some sort of kim-chee based stew (tasty) & salad with miso-like dressing (yum).
Pace yourself, because there's lots more meat to enjoy...
I tried to save a little bit of room for the sweet tasting shrimp and thinly sliced beef tongue.
Sadly, I was too stuffed to try the squid.
The waitress comes by every so often to swap out the grill & cut up your meat.
Prepare yourself for a very satisfying, food-coma-inducing experience.
Ah.

Pretty decent.
My date (a Korean BBQ aficionado) even gave an almost imperceptible nod of approval.
The service was fast and friendly.
Restaurant is a little cold, but once the grill fired up and we knocked back some Hite, we were fine.
We chose the 4-meat option  for the AYCE.
Good, decently marinated beef and pork ribs.
Avoid the shrimp which were mushy like they'd been frozen for years.
gross.
Most of the traditional accompaniments were there.
Although no little bowl of sea salt.
:-(  All in all, good value for the money.
I'll go back.
AND, they get an extra star for having free sticks of gum next to the toothpicks on your way out.
That'll do Pig.
That'll do.

We really liked the all you can eat deal.
The meat was good and the owner was really nice coming over to talk to us during our meal.
We had a big group and there was plenty of room in the place.
For a Korean restaurant (where service is not a top priority) we thought it was fine.
Definitely recommend it!

I'm back in Las Wages.
What's"s for lunch?
Jin Mee Korean Restaurant sounded good.
The restaurant is located in the same shopping center as Lotus of Siam.
They have a buffet at night but for lunch it's Al La Carte menu with a few lunch specials.
I went for their medium spicy noodle Soup.
For a bargain $7.99 you'll get a large bowl of noodles, included are shrimps, mussels, octopus, black fungus, thin cut cabbage and zucchini.
Three types of Banchan were included and complimentary ice tea.
Noodles are cooked perfectly not soggy but firm, the broth taste like it's been simmering for days and all the seafood combined with the veggies make it so wonderfully yummy.
Condiments were crispy and delish, Kim Chee was the best I've eaten.
Everyone eating here was Korean so you know the food has got to be good.
The restaurant is large and very clean including the restrooms.
There is a Credit card minimum is $20.00   The only issue is I can't seem to get that red broth off my shirt after all the slurping of noodles and soup.
They should offer bibs for Piggy's like myself.
Those napkins just keep falling off!

After I finished lunch, I was full and thought to myself, I need to give this place another try.
I think at this point, all the Korean restaurants in Las Vegas end up on the same note: just ok.
Nothing stands out.
I think this place is more expensive than what Korean food normally should be, especially during lunch.
The pan chan (side dishes) tasted alright, it was varied enough, and the lady was kind enough to ask if I needed a refill.
I ordered bi bim bap-the rice was a bit overcooked, but the ingredients looked fresh.
I will have to go back and see how they marinate their bul go gi/kal bi...then I may update this review.

$18 for all you can eat Korean.
Too good to be true?
Nope!
Been here a few times now, they bring out more than enough food for the group, and it always seems fresh and is delicious.
Everything has lots of flavor, and you get it cooked in front of you which is always a treat for the senses.
Hospitality is a 5 outta 5 for sure, since there are always people checking on you, turning the food, bringing more food out or at least offered, and refills of water and hot tea are efficient.
Location is in a crappy side of town, but the food and hospitality, let alone the low cost, is worth the drive.
I am not Korean (Chinese), but 90% of the clientele looked Korean so that is always a good sign for ethnic food.
I will continue coming here anytime Korean food is a craving!

All I have to say about this restaurant is that the staff there are rude and unfriendly.
After reading previous reviews the AYCE we came to find out it was $22/person, so that's a little bit more than what I thought and overpriced.
We waited a long time to get served and when we tried to order our food for AYCE the waitress already placed our order herself without me even saying a word.
She was like" Okay you want bulgogi, kabli, and brisket?
" All we said was sure, so that was kind of rushed.
The restaurant was busy and there were only 2 waitresses and they were literally running back and forth to the kitchen.
She finally brought out all the ban chan dishes which I only ate a few because they were mosly kimchi style and I don't like anything spicy.
So I ate the fish cakes, coleslaw, bean sprouts, and spinich dishes.
Then she brought out are meats to be cooked.
The bulgogi and kalbi were good, but the beef brisket was kind of tough.
While we were eating my mom tried to get the waitresses attention to ask for water since they never offered us drinks and just gave us this ice tea that was so plain and she did the rudest thing, she flicked her hand at her like as a way of saying hold on.
Not once did the waitress check up on us, we had to get her attention.
We ate what we came for and got the hell out of there because the service there was just crappy.
The food was okay, but never again will we go to this korean bbq restaurant again.

If you are a native Korean, or is an Korean food expertise, you will not want to come back!
Tofu (Soon Du Bu) - Horrible.
A mix of MSG and spices, but where's that unique taste the eminent Tofu soup is supposed to have?
Nowhere1  Soondae - A disaster... poor taste, salty.
I've had better.
Tang Su Yuk (Chinese menu) - This one was fortunately a better choice.
Delicious sauce; the skin was a bit too thick though.
Didn't try the BBQ, so I'm not going to comment on it.
It would have been a 1-star; except that they had a big TV for the diners to view the World Cup final match.

Awesome place!
We had dinner here last night with my friends and we had a great time.
The food was superb!

I have been to Koren BBQ all over Vegas and LA.
I was Impressed with this place, the price is comparable to the good ones in vegas.
We had the all you can eat BBQ.
What put this place above the others is the sides, you get a ton of little side dishes, salad, a soy bean soup  and steamed eggs!
Trust me you could stop right there but here comes the meat!
The meat is seasoned wonderfully and they help you cook if you need it.
The other nice choice is the spicy raw crab, my boyfriend loved it and we will be going back.
The staff is very nice and helpful.
Focus on the nummy food you'll be eating not the side of town your on, there are way crappier areas in this town then this one!

The first time, I ordered grilled mackerel, spicy cold noodle dish, and the beef spicy soup.
The service was a 3.5 - 4, food was a 4, environment was about a 4.
Their fish was amazing, tasted like home cooking.
Don't order the spicy fish, it's not that good.

I would drive across town for this place.
Awesome service and delicious Korean food.
The owners is are very accommodating, and smiling every time I see them.
My favorite dish is their Jajangmyun lunch special, and the mandoo.
I took a large party of 13 for the all you can eat Korean BBQ for a bday party and the service was perfect.
They even hooked us up with free beer.
THE BEST!

Sometimes as a Korean (or Asian...or any other race) you get tired of all the expensive buffets and just want that Korean food.
Sick of just instant ramen the family brought, we decided to check this place out.
About a year ago.
The food here was very good, and they opened up late for us!
I had the nengmyun which although came out wrong the first time was decent the second time.
My family also enjoyed their food as my brother got the soondooboo (?
tofu stew) and I sampled some as well...and it was great!
The second time I came here, I took their bibimbap!
Rather ordinary, but still hits the spot when you want some good old Korean food!
Prices were around the $10 + range for most of the food.

We stopped by on our way through Las Vegas craving Korean food.
The food was good (but a bit salty).
The side dishes were really good especially the gae jang (seasoned raw crab..it tastes better than it sounds).
However the meat was not as good compared to the price.
This place did satisfy our craving.
The gae jang and bean paste stew (daenjang jjigae) is a must.

K-BBQ AYCE    This is one of the only two places I would recommend for K-BBQ in Vegas.
Lots of Banchan right when you get in.
Service is good when you get there, waitress speask some english.
Not a lot of tourists usually, more of a locals place for K-BBQ which is a good thing.
Meats are brought to you in a big dish and you have to finish it before ordering extra cuts.
So if you got chicken you gotta eat it first.
I am not Korean so I am not sure if I can jsut ask for only meats I want and not the filler stuff.
Overall good food, and a good choice for K-BBQ in vegas.

We came here based on reviews of the yelpers...$18 ayce and lunch specials.
Upon arrival we learned that apparently on Sunday, we couldn't do either.
We ordered Bulgoki, my boyfriend has never had Korean BBQ and I thought that'd be something he'd like.
I'm glad I got it, it was tasty but everything else was pretty blah.
Granted I've been spoiled, my introduction to Korean BBQ was in LA so I have high expectations.
But Jin Mee Was just ok.
The sides were pretty bland and the server was nice but when I asked her what something was, she told me in Korean and walked away-not very much help!
I had a much better experience and at a place in china town whose name eludes me, but the service there was great!
The end.

This place is terrible.
They dont have all you can eat just because a convention was in town??
Also we cannot substitute clear noodles in white noodles in a soup??
I don't know how this place is even still in business.

I actually became a regular here and on average, my overall experience has not been so good.
The food is fantastic, which is why I keep going back; however, I feel they do not run their restaurant properly.
Their AYCE Korean BBQ is definitely their best asset and a great deal!
The variety they offer for AYCE is generous and it's a great way to have a group dinner..... which is WHY I took my friends from LA here the other night, but they weren't offering AYCE because of the convention!
She explained that during convention days, it's not an option.
I also went there to order their jjambbong (my all-time favorite dish that's both Chinese and Korean), and they said their Chinese menu is limited to before 10pm.
It was disappointing to be a hostess and show off a place I loved so much, only to be limited to the typical, overpriced Korean menu.... they have all these strict rules where they can't serve something a certain way, or you can't take the jjigae from AYCE home when it's actually not refillable, and extra rice costs $... these are all not how I portray a great Korean restaurant.
Korean service is usually a lot more generous and flexible to your liking, and needless to say..
I was disappointed with the operations of this place.
Also, they were not generous with the banchan (side dishes) either.
The raw crab that I LOVE was not provided... it was more of a "limited" selection, all because of the convention that was going on.
A restaurant should actually put its best foot forward in times of good business... and they most certainly did not.
The jjambbong for me was "tied" with the one from Elephant Snack next door, which so far are my favorite jjambbongs in Vegas.
They still don't compare to the ones you can find in Los Angeles or NYC, so once again, I'm still on the hunt.
If anyone has recommendations, please let me know!
Unless you're going as a group during a time when they provide AYCE BBQ, there are other Korean restaurants in Vegas I prefer that are more affordable, flexible, and the service is much friendlier.

I love this place.
I can't say enough it was so nice!
Really huge too, definitely do the BBQ!

I have no idea why there is so many good reviews for this place.
First off, its location is in such a bad part of town, i told my wife, this is where i would carry a handgun, preferable a .45.
Meaning the parking lot and area is very dark and not welcoming.
(cant expect too much from vegas, rite?
) but still...I felt like i was gonna sell my kidney in the black market.
Once we came in, the waitress was just rude.
We spoke to her in Korean, so there was no language barrier there, but she acted like, "why the heck are you guys here at 7pm" kind of attitude.
We ordered tofu pot and a spicy squid dish.
The rice they provided in a small bowl was so old that the edge of the rice was hard and difficult to chew.
Come on...if your an asian restaurant at least you can make the rice, rite!?
Kimchee... nope!
not good.
to be honest... all the ban chan was terrible!
so besides the service being bad, the food tasting bad, here is the kicker!!!
Jin Mee does not stop giving after you finish your meal!
Just wait about 4 hours and you have yourself a natural laxative.
I mean, talk about the runs!!!
My butt felt like it ran a freaking marathon!!!
the thing is... both me and my dad both had it!!!
so yea....
I will recommend this place if you want to experience a dark alley, dirty attitude, terrible rice, and poop that screams as it exits your anus, then i recommend this place w/ 5 stars!!

This was terrific.
Someone at Circus Circus recommended Kim Chee but when we read the reviews we decided to go here thank goodness.
The AYCE was terrific although higher priced than we're used to in Los Angeles.
The Panchan was terrific and some of the best kim chee I've had.
I would recommend ordering the non-marinated meats like the brisket, pork belly, shrimp, etc.
I have had better bul gogi and kal bi.
Also you have to ask for sam if you want it, it's not automatically brought out.
One bad thing is they charged us twice on the credit card and we are fixing that now.
The waittress does a good job despite taking care of the whole restaurant.
Very good with a Cass too.
Just across the parking lot is a fun nore pan place too where they will give you a copy of the CD that you sang while there.

Came here with seven people to celebrate finishing up a convention in Vegas.
My uncle recommended this restaurant to us, and I have to say, it was OK. We ordered a combo meal, and the waitress even cooked it for us.
The meat was ok.
I wasn't too fond of the thickness of the meat, but it tasted ok.
The soup that came with the meal was a bit spicy for my taste, and didn't really have anything special about it.
Overall, I would say that my experience here was mediocre.
I would return for Korean BBQ, but I have to say that there are better places to eat in Vegas.

When we were driving to find this place, we had to think twice about really wanting to eat here considering it was so late in the evening.
When we arrived, we were greeted.
The beef bulgogi was good.
The sweet and sour chicken was ok too.
(Both pictured in the photo I uploaded.
)  I'm not usually a fan of the sweet and sour dishes, but when the dish came out, it was very crispy.
But, understandably,  there were some that were drenched in sauce at the bottom.
It was too saucy and ended up being soggy.
The lady running the show was still very pleasant considering she was the only one tending to the guests.
The one that took our order I guess went home cause after she took our order, she grabbed her stuff and walked out of the door.
Hahaha.
Pros: Beef Bulgogi Portions  Cons: HORRIBLE LOCATION,..
I mean, c'mon!!
It's right in front of The Green Door!!!
Overpriced   Too much signage about "specials," but, it's all in Korean.

I'm not one to review a place without even trying the food, but I'll make an exception for this place.
The all you can eat is a ridiculous $23.
We were greeted very rudely as soon as we stepped in.
We were forced to sit down and then within a minute of sitting down we were asked, "Are you ready to order or what?
" HAHA.
My gf and I just left right after that.
The entire restaurant was empty too, so why the fucking attitude?
I almost wanted to just put up with that BS because I hadn't eaten all day, but this place wasn't even worth the convenience of it all.
I don't understand how this place has such high ratings for such bad service and food (apparently).
I'm glad we wasted her time by giving us water and putting down plates just to leave right after, haha.

I've been to this place on a few occasions, usually because I've had a coupon and trek over there to use it.
If I'm in this area, I'll usually be heading to Komol, so it's hard to pull myself away.
On this occasion, we had a Groupon to use.
My fella and I shared the potato noodle and a sweet and sour dish.
The potato noodle dish was our favorite.
It was gone in a flash.
The sweet and sour (which was not my choice, btw) was a little on the sweet side, but still ok.
I probably wouldn't order it again, though.
They have Korean BBQ at select tables, but that wasn't available with my Groupon.
I have had it here before and it's pretty good.
The staff was very friendly and was attentive with drink refills and bringing our sides.
The food was extremely plentiful and with only two of us, there was not a chance in hell that we were able to finish all our food.
Just ok food in my book, but definitely worth it if you have a coupon.
A little out of my way, but I wouldn't be opposed to going again.

I have tried a couple of AYCE KBBQ places in Las Vegas and this one is my favorite!
They have the largest AYCE menu and wonderful service.
The staff is always extremely attentive.
All the sides are delicious and their bean paste soup is large with a lot of meat.
Very satisfied!

This was my second attempt at Korean food and my first attempt beyond Korean BBQ and I have to say I really enjoyed it.
This place may not be the best but it was solid and the service was good and fast.
We had noodles and sweet and sour pork.
I have to say I enjoyed the noodles quite a bit more than the pork dish but I'm excited to give Korean food another try soon.

This was terrific.
I went with friends and family.
The pork belly was great, terrific stews.
The bulgogi was average.
It's a little higher priced than we're used to here in K town but I guess being in Vegas you expect that.
It helps to speak Korean with the waittresses.
I'd say go with the unmarinated meats before the marinated ones.
They are good quality and you can add your condiments the way you like it.
We had to ask for sam.
It wasn't brought out automatically.
Wash it down with a Cass

I go to Vegas a lot.
I hate Vegas.
I hate the strip, but I'm usually stuck on the strip.
Anyway, I'm cheap like a Dutch person and hate paying casino prices for anything.
I also happen to LOVE L.A. K-Town-style KBBQ.
This place brings me back to when I was hustlin' on the streets of Korea Town.
Anyway, if you like KBBQ, and are stuck in the shit hole that is the vegas strip, this place is a welcome relief.
Get off the strip and eat some real food.

One of my friends took a bunch of us non-Koreans here, and it was a ghost town on Sunday night for some reason.
We were the only people around at like 8:30 or 9.
Crazy, right?
The typical accompaniments that come with Korean restaurants were all there, but for some reason they had this sliced hot dog with jalapenos.
Of course, we all jumped on that because it was more familiar than the other stuff.
I did enjoy the kelp and sprouts and whatnot too, but this was the one for which we called for the most extra helpings on (free, by the way).
I personally had the beef and the dumplings.
The beef was really tender and I could pull it off the bones easily, and the flavor wasn't too sweet.
The onions at the bottom of the plate were really killer though.
Don't forget about those!
Dumplings were pretty moist and the soy sauce worked pretty well with it.
Felt a little pricey, no lie (-1)... but we all agreed that the food was good, whether it was bibimbap or some sort of soup or the dishes that I had.
I would recommend this place if you're craving Korean and aren't up for a typical BBQ joint.

Well the first time I was here is almost 4 years ago on my first date with my boy-friend.
The service is good and fast.The food are ok not  excellent.I mean most of the dishes I have are good,especially raw spicy crab.The ban chan are served right away when seated.
The restaurant ambiance is ok.and kids friendly.
I would say I This is one of good Korean restaurant worth trying.

This is probably one of my favorite AYCE Korean BBQ places to go to.
You get an abundance of food ( your various side dishes, steamed egg, spicy stew, meat to your heart's content, and usually fruit for dessert).
Well worth what you pay for.
I did, however, dock a star because the service can get a bit strange.
The first couple times I went during the evening the waitress seemed very unfriendly and uninterested, BUT the last time I went for lunchtime, it was a different waitress who was much nicer.
She even offered to gives us more of the side dishes after they were gone.
Don't let one bad experience turn you away from this place.
I only had service problems with one waitress in particular.
The rest seemed quite nice.

I came here with a group of 7 and we had a delicious meal here the other day.
We had:  -Pork belly: very thick cuts of meat (http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/tORsfO-Tt0huD129gd6moA/l.jpg) which were cooked to perfection -Marinated beef: Very flavorful on its own.
I didn't have to season it with anything or dip it into any of the sauces.
-Spicy pork: If you love spicy food, then you will love this.
I only had a bite because I couldn't handle it... -Beef short ribs: These were probably my favorite of all the meats we tried.
They were very tender and went well with all the sauces.
-Budae jjigae: This was a special request (not on the menu).
I'm not much of a Budae jiggae fan because it's too spicy for me, but Donald said it's the best Budae Jiggae he's had so far.
-Steamed egg with broth: I was a little skeptical to try this since my last experience with steamed egg wasn't that great, but I actually really loved the steamed egg they served us here.
It was almost like custard and it was very light and fluffy.
-Vinegar based salad: Very very fresh and it actually had some pretty big pieces of onions, but they went very well with the salad (you hardly taste them).
-Banchan: Our group was divided into two parts and they gave each part 10 little dishes.
I don't recall all the names, but I remember there was Seasoned Seaweed, Kongnamul, Kimchi, fish cake, pickled cucumber, potatoes,and Kaktugi.
I was so fixated on all the food that was being passed around that I didn't try them all, but I really liked the pickled cucumbers, seaweed, and fish cake.
-Barley tea: They served the hot tea in plastic cups (the same cups used for water/soda), which was a little odd, but nonetheless, the tea was very tasty.
From the moment we walked in, we received excellent customer service.
One of our friends is familiar with the place, so she asked if we could be seated at one of the charcoal grill tables.
I found it pretty cool that they have both gas and charcoal grills, but they'll just seat you at the gas grill tables if you don't ask specifically for a charcoal grill.
We were given a long table with two grills for our large group.
The whole restaurant was actually pretty big with a nice layout.
All the grills and tables are spaced out in small sections, so it makes for more intimate dining.
We had about 3 waitresses taking care of our table.
One would keep refilling our beverages (they gave us both tea and water), one would be cooking the food for us, and the other would keep the table clean and refill the banchan.
There was never anything we needed because they were totally on top of everything; Definitely A+ service.
Overall, I love this place.
I live in the SW part of town though, so I probably won't be here that often, but this will definitely be my go-to spot for Korean food when I'm in this area.

My previous review is still attached at the bottom because my prior opinions still stand, but I had to elaborate after my AWFUL experience today :(.
It's a real shame because their jjambbong is one of the best in the city; the yookgaejang, pajun, and banchan are all pretty good.. but the prices are absolutely obscene!!!
Come on.. it doesn't cost THAT much to make Korean food!!
$30-34 for one order of galbi?!
$12.95 for all special dishes such as stews and noodles?
$20 for PAJUN, which is probably the most obscene.
I went to Jin Mee today with a group of friends and tried ordering AYCE bbq and they said they're currently not offering this deal because of the CES convention.
I ordered my usual extra spicy jjambbong and they greatly disappointed me by saying that they don't make any of the dishes on their Chinese menu due to the convention.
Last time we all came here, they said they couldn't make it because it was too late... this time they claimed they're not making it at all.
I asked for the steamed egg (usually provided as a complimentary side dish with all Korean BBQ) and they said it would be $5 extra!!
That was strike 3 that put me over the edge and extremely agitated...
Nevertheless, we tried to put it all aside and enjoy a good dinner with good company.
THEN, as we were leaving the restaurant.. what did I see a few tables away from us???
A bowl of jjambbong that was served to a man, woman and their baby.
I was officially appalled!
I don't believe the people here know how to run a successful restaurant/business or to be hospitable toward local regulars.
Then, they take away all of their best assets during specific times when there are a lot of tourists in town...
Sadly, my review went from 3 stars to 1 :(   My former review:  I actually became a regular here and on average, my overall experience has not been so good.
The food is fantastic, which is why I keep going back; however, I feel they do not run their restaurant properly.
Their AYCE Korean BBQ is definitely their best asset and a great deal!
The variety they offer for AYCE is generous and it's a great way to have a group dinner..... which is WHY I took my friends from LA here the other night, but they weren't offering AYCE because of the convention!
She explained that during convention days, it's not an option.
I also went there to order their jjambbong (my all-time favorite dish that's both Chinese and Korean), and they said their Chinese menu is limited to before 10pm.
It was disappointing to be a hostess and show off a place I loved so much, only to be limited to the typical, overpriced Korean menu.... they have all these strict rules where they can't serve something a certain way, or you can't take the jjigae from AYCE home when it's actually not refillable, and extra rice costs $... these are all not how I portray a great Korean restaurant.
Korean service is usually a lot more generous and flexible to your liking, and needless to say..
I was disappointed with the operations of this place.
Also, they were not generous with the banchan (side dishes) either.
The raw crab that I LOVE was not provided... it was more of a "limited" selection, all because of the convention that was going on.
A restaurant should actually put its best foot forward in times of good business... and they most certainly did not.
The jjambbong for me was "tied" with the one from Elephant Snack next door, which so far are my favorite jjambbongs in Vegas.
They still don't compare to the ones you can find in Los Angeles or NYC, so once again, I'm still on the hunt.
If anyone has recommendations, please let me know!
Unless you're going as a group during a time when they provide AYCE BBQ, there are other Korean restaurants in Vegas I prefer that are more affordable, flexible, and the service is much friendlier.

Smoke, smoke, smoke!!!
I came here with a big group after a trade show and although the food was good, I was being very impatient when it came to the meat being cooked and the unimpressive fanning system.
The ladies who helped us cook the meat (you CANNOT do it yourself) were very friendly and was on top of everything from the drinks to clearing the table.
Don't expect to have peaceful dinner here if you choose the grilling area.
We were surrounded by very loud, very large groups of people all expecting the same experience and food.
OPEN 24 HOURS!
Holy cow, that's a lot of hours to be open.
When do they have time to clean up?!
Well, actually, once one type of meat is cooked, they immediately change the grill top with a new one and start cooking again.
Like I said, this place is definitely gonna be an experience if you've never had Korean BBQ before.
If you're going with a crowd of people 6-15, make a reservation.
Also, be sure to order enough of a good meat for everyone to enjoy.
Overall, this place was decent.
It fed our party pretty well and everyone was ready to pretty much crash when we got back to the hotel.
It's a drive away from the strip, but definitely worth the experience, at least once.

If you are a fan of Korean food, then Jin Mee is a definite must!
On top of having some tasty dishes, this place also understands the meaning of customer service.
If you have yet to try this place...
I highly recommend it!
5 Stars all the way!
Pros:    * Charcoal & Gas Grill Tables available        I haven't been to all the Korean restaurants in town, but this is the first (that I've encountered) where I had a choice.
Since most restaurants are Gas Grills, I just had to try the Charcoal...
I loved it!
It gives the meat a smoky / charred taste.
I personally think it tastes 10 times better this way.
* Budae Jiigae        After experiencing this soup at Soya, I've been obsessed with it.
They actually didn't have it on the menu, but was more than happy to accommodate our request.
I'd seriously come back here just for this... it was so amazing and the best I've ever had!
* Atmosphere / Service        As I mentioned earlier, Jin Mee has some stellar service.
It's not often I can go to a restaurant and request a dish that is not on the menu.
The atmosphere was just as amazing.
Seating was plentiful and spacious.
There is even a Karaoke bar for those future idols.
Cons:     * Location          This is just a personal con for me.
The drive is out of my way, but I'd definitely come back.
For those interested, it is located inside Commercial Center off of Sahara (East of the Las Vegas Blvd).
Tips:  *  Ask to sit at the Charcoal Grill.
You can really taste the difference.
I'm sure after you try the Charcoal, you won't want to do the Gas Grill ever again.
*  Karaoke room available!
This place is huge and has the capacity to cater a party if need be.
If you are looking for a place to have dinner and then have drinks and sing karaoke after, this just may be the perfect place.
*  If you cannot read Korean, this place may be hard to spot initially.
Once you are inside commercial center, it is the restaurant that faces East and has a huge Scrolling Text sign.
Overall:    Everything I tried here was just amazing.
I have nothing, but compliments when it comes to the taste and quality of the food.
Ever since I went here, I've been telling all my other friends about it.
I'll be back soon for sure... real soon!

I used to come here a lot when I lived in Vegas.
I have seen this place transform from tiny into a larger restaurant, so I saw them knock down the wall & add in the BBQ tables.
The owners here are very nice & they used to give me extra stuff when I was pregnant.
I love how they had the sweet fresh kimchi along with sour daikon radish cubed kimchi.
Tip: If you do not want to leave smelling like smoke then skip the BBQ table.
However, you can still order the same stuff but they will cook it in the kitchen.
If this is your first time eating Korean, I'd recommend ordering- 1.
Dol sot bibimbap: it's a mixed up rice dish that you add spicy pepper paste to.
Dol sot mean you want it in the stone bowl & trust me you definitely want the stone bowl forming a crust underneath your rice as it sizzles to you.
Bulgogi-thinly sliced marinated beef 3.Chap chae-glass noodle dish mixed with veggies & little bit of meat.
If you like tofu, order Soon Dubu- it's a super spicy stew with silken tofu that comes in a small stone bowl & you can get it with seafood or just an egg dropped in it & it's delish!
If you have kids, usually the chap chae or bulgogi with rice are a safe non-spicy bet.

Went in and tried the jja jjang myun (noodles with black bean sauce).
It was just average.
The sauce is the trick here, to make it well takes a lot of skill.
It was sort of bland and bitter, but not that much, which is why it gets an average in my book.
A better one is at Chappaghetti in the Greenland Supermarket.
The service was good, and it was an OK place.

This is the best Korean restaurant in town!
Im Korean and I love Korean food & in my opinion this place is awesome!
You cant go wrong when the owner cooks and prepares all the food!

After a long night out, my body was craving soup to calm it down and my bud recommended this place.
I've had Korean food in Vegas a few times and they were crap so I had my doubts about this place.
The location is in part of a rundown mall where half the stores are out of business.
Once inside, I was suprised how clean and huge this place was.
I ordered the kalbi tang(beef rib soup).
It came out in a jumbo sized bowl.
The broth was perfectly seasoned.
It hit the spot!
The beef ribs were kinda chewy(should be soft) but okay.
None of the side dishes stood out.
Typical stuff.
It was only $7.99 for my soup, which is pretty dang cheap.
My bud got the gam-ja-tang(spicy potato pork soup) but said it was meh.
Our server was bubbly and overall I enjoyed the food here.
I will be back next time I'm in town.

Having being eating at most of the Korean restaurants in our city, I keep coming back to this establishment for 3 awesome reasons.
Prices are awesome specially for their BBQ dinner that contains a great flair of choices and flavors.
Their Black Bean noodles which can be a bargain at 4.99 and fill you up phenomenally.
Chicken ginsen soup it is like no other and always fills me up in those cold nights when you want a meal that would make you feel right at home.
Make Sure to give this local business a try and believe me you won't be disappointed.
NJOY :D

We are only on our 4th plate and the owner is about to kick us out.
Yes, the smoke smoke smoke is true, their vent does not suck.
But i still give it four stars for their BBQ.

This is good place to have all you can eat Korean BBQ, they have one of the best deals in town : All u can eat  for $21.99.
The place is pretty big so if you have a large, party there is plenty of space for you and your friends.

good korean food, you can cook at the table which is always fun when you have a group of people going and prices are decent.

ONE OF MY FAVORITE PLACES.
I first started coming here years ago because one of my unnee's brought me over since I was craving a Chinese-fusion Korean black sauce noodle- after that I just came anytime I wanted sweet and sour pork or kung-pow chicken.
Then my friends and I felt like eating Korean... so that's when I started experiencing their kimchi chigae, daenjang chigae, yookkaejang, and their rice cake and dumpling soup.
We ALWAYS ORDER kimchi fried rice and fried dumplings, even if we're getting other entrees like grilled mackeral or bulgogi.
Its funny because some of the servers recognize us and already know that's the first thing we want.
(I feel like its a great indicator of hospitality when some of the staff can recognize you and know what "the usual" is)  Food is great, price is reasonable (and right now they have a special with their Chinese food) and there's a lot of space so you don't have to wait around, there's normally a table free here or there- which is great when you're as impatient as I am LOL  It sometimes gets loud but what else can you expect when it's full and there are 40+ different conversations taking place.
If you're only satisfied with eating in peace, I probably wouldn't recommend coming by because it'll only be really quiet at random times... like 10pm at night.
If you and your friends can't decide whether you want Chinese or Korean, stop by and just get both!
It's a great place to just hit both those cravings ;)

We came here on a Thursday afternoon and wanted to stay within the Groupon (10 for 20) budget and ordered the spicy noodle soup and beef fried rice for 3 more.
- Difficult to find.
Near Lotus of Siam.
In the back.
Get confused with the other KBBQs then finally stumble here.
haha - Considering that the majority of the food is more than $10, this was a very weak groupon deal.
Limited to just the back page, labeled Chinese.
LOL.
- Horrible service.
Old korean lady didn't speak to us once.
Just nods.
Grinch face.
I would want my customers to be happy if they were in my restaurant.
Same with her daughter.
They didn't bother to check up on us at all.
Not even to ask how things tasted, water refills, napkins!
Come'on.
Spicy hot soup with just one napkin?
Fail.
- Living in Garden Grove, home of great KBBQ and banchan, this place was way over priced.
~22 AYCE!
HA!
I know that this is not OC and I haven't tried it myself, but just by impression it seems like they're trying to take advantage of their patrons.
I guess it must be a plus since I saw some Koreans eating here.
- Beef fried rice, I don't remember the actual name, was disgusting, The beef was so chewy I couldn't even swallow some of the bigger pieces.
- Average size bowl of soup.
Tolerable spice.
Nothing to complain too much about.
- 5 korean side dishes.
Kimchi was yummy.
Other sides were tasted like HMART, not bad but not special.
- If you don't know any better and craving KBBQ, go knock yourself out here!
This groupon deal stinks.
I honestly felt that the deal crippled their business.
Smile at least!
Tis the season sheesh!

I don't know what to say about this restaurant.
I can see the ones who gives good ratings are either locals or tourists.
If you live in L.A, do skip this sorry ass Korean BBQ restaurant, you will be disappointed.
First of all, the customer service sucks balls!
We purchased this Groupon deal, asked the waitree if we can use it towards the "All you can eat" option, she rudely said no.
We need asked for a few minutes to decide what we want that the Groupon covers, which is nothing because we really wanted some BBQ.
Oh, their regular price BBQ plates are $20+ per plate, and you must order at least 2 orders.
Seriously what the fuck?!
Why do I HAVE to order 2 orders if we only want 1?
Anyways, we decided to just pay for the all you can eat deal for $21.95 per person.
The waitree came back and I told her we want the all you can eat option, she then snatched the advertisement from the table and said, "Your groupon will not cover it.
" I rudely said, "We can't just fucking pay for it?
" She then put the advertisement back.
I was so pissed then, told my boyfriend (right in front of the waitree) "Fuck this place, let's go.
" We then left.
She brought out water already but that's too bad for her.
Restaurants like this doesn't deserve any customers period.
She also said something about the menu how "There's the L.A style".
I wanted to say, your restaurant will not survive in L.A.   Like I said, if you are from L.A, skip it because its a total ripoff and the service sucks Llama balls.

This place was disgusting on all accounts.
I purchased the 15 for 30 groupon and wanted to stay within the groupon limit.
The waitress forced me to order two entrees, even though the groupon did not list that stipulation.
She was beyond rude from the very beginning, slamming down our water glasses and sighing.
I tried to kill with kindness in order to make her night a little nicer, but it seemed to make her even angrier.
The place was empty, mind you, so the bad attitude was bizarre.
When it came time to order, she kept trying to change my order from whatever I said "oh, you don't want that.
" Finally I said, I am vegetarian, I do want something vegetarian.
The food was awful.
She said she was bringing a vegetable pancake but it ended up being filled with disgusting squid.
The servings were so huge I couldn't even eat half of one entree (which we were made to order two).
Not to mention it made us sick (I still can't keep anything down).
The place was dirty, so I am not surprised.
When the waitress saw we barely touched one of our dishes she asked why?
And we said "it just wasn't for us" and she replied rudely "everyone else likes it"    I must say, the complete horribleness of the entire experience was comical.
If you want a good laugh and over priced disgusting food, check it out- it was an experience, to say the least.
I will be lodging a formal complaint with groupon, as they do not comply with the groupon fine print.
If you want decent Korean food, this is NOT the place.
There are several other Korean restaurants in the plaza that I urge you to try.
DO NOT EAT HERE!
The only good thing was the complimentary kimchi... All though, it was mediocre at best.

Made us buy two entrees under groupon.
Kimchi good but overpriced.
Never visit again.
Bathroom will be your friend after.

I've been here a couple of times and the first time the menu had better pricing for lunch.
I think because there was a convention, they didn't serve the lunch menu because I think $15.95 for Bibimbop is a little overpriced even for dinner.
It had very little meat and is mainly vegetables with a fried egg on top.
It was tasty and the side dishes that were offered were ample, but the worse part was my husband ordered the Korean soup with short ribs and we eat this all the time and the short ribs should be tender and fall off the bone.
Well I couldn't even chew the meat it was so rubbery like it needed another 2 hours to cook yet.
I will venture to another Korean restaurant next time I visit.

Bad food and bad service.
$22 for some funky kalbi chicken.
Overpriced menu.
BTW, if you bring in a groupon, they expect you to order 1 dish per person dinning.
Cheapest item on the menu is $10( I believe it's chow mein noodles).
Save yourself the trouble with the groupon and just go to the Greenland market food court.
Better food and better prices.

Free Soju!
Owner guy gave me a free bottle of soju with our meal.
Nice guy.
Food was decent although restaurant was little on the warm side.
Side dishes were ok but owner was sooo nice.
They get 4 stars strictly on service.
I don't want to sound like a sell-out but free anything is nice touch.
They serve full korean style chinese food, which I'm going to try next time.
Leaving in Vegas for 3 month makes me really do miss Korean food in LA however.

One of my favorite Korean BBQ in town!
Sliced beef rib is the best!
Squid & shrimp are very fresh!
Beef sirloin is awesome!
lol

For those who can't decide between Jjampong (spicy seafood noodle soup) or Jjajangmyeun (black bean sauce noodle), no need to spend much time debating.
Here at Jin Mee, you can get both for $10!
Picture this...a big bowl, divided in half.
One side contains the Jjampong, and the other side contains jjajangmyeun.
Win Win situation here.
Well, that's exactly what I had for lunch.
Though I finished the jjajangmyeun, I was so full that I ended up taking the jjampong home.
Yes, there is a lot of food.
Additionally, I enjoyed the cold ice tea that they serve you.

Absolutely loved this restaurant!
Food was delicious!
The side dishes were so good and lots to chooses from.
We got the all you can eat beef bulgogi and spicy pork, yummy!
They also brought us some delicious soup.
Their iced tea was good too and quite refreshing.
They made sure to keep us loaded on the food.
The service was very fast and extremely sincere.
The older man and woman who were working there were so sweet and helpful.
Our bill also was not too bad.
It was $58 for 4 people, which I didn't think was so bad considering it was all you can eat and the food was so delicious and filling.
My husband (who isn't a big fan of Korean food) actually really liked it, so that says a lot for me, lol.
My 2 children also pigged out on the meat and rice, some of the sides were a little too much for them though, haha.
But overall food was great and plentiful, and service was amazing!
Will definitely be going back again.

After deeming this as my favorite AYCE Korean BBQ place.
I'm afraid I'm on the hunt again for something better.
During my most recent visit, I found that the quality of the food has changed a bit.
The samgyupsal (pork belly) slices were incredibly small and thin, and were also made up of mostly fat.
Strangely enough, this is my only complaint.
Everything else seemed the same, which is why I didn't dock a star.
However, being a samgyupsal kind of girl, I need a place that can fulfill my needs.

Meh.
Our server was really friendly and nice but she forgot several of our requests!
We were the only table to for the majority of the time there.... Food was ok. My boyfriend really liked his.
We didn't grill just ordered soups and a meat dish.
I'd be impartial to coming back and would prefer going to my standby DJK on Spring mt.

I really don't have any complaints about the food here.
I got the spicy seafood and Vicky K. got the jja jjang myun.
Both were good and I had the lunch special so the bill wasn't bad at all!
It was HOT up in here though.. Could have used some AC!
Second time here.
In the Summer there was no AC.
In the Winter, there is no HEAT.
Haha.
2.9.14: Service is MEH.
She seemed super rushed and rather rude.
There were only two other tables in the joint.
Portions weren't all that for the price.
All in all though Babe said the jjajamyeong was TASTEY even though the onions weren't served with the dish... Koreans and onions!!
Duh!

This place has amazing Korean BBQ.
The meats are delicious, the kimchi was spicy and very flavorful, the veggies were fresh and everything was delicious.
It's well worth the trek off the strip for this!

This is by far the best Korean BBQ I've had in town for the price, and awesome customer service.
The amount of meat you get for the price is more than fulfilling, and the sides that come with are seasoned pretty well.
Growing up with authentic kimchee I'd say theirs was pretty on point to traditional.
(Other places I've been to have failed miserably).
The decor isn't the greatest but when you have great food and service what's decor anyways.
The place was very clean and that's all that matters to me.
All in all I highly recommend and definitely will be going back!

The food taste pretty good, but the waitress a little bit racism, she served the Korean before Chinese, even we got there earlier.

My parents and I came here for lunch out of convenience since it was within steps from the Korean market and another Korean restaurant nearby was temporarily closed.
It all worked out because they weren't very busy and we were really hungry and happy to sit immediately.
I was pleased to see that Jin Mee had Jajangmyeon (Chinese noodles with black bean sauce) and Soondubu Jjigae (spicy soft tofu soup), two of my favorite Korean dishes that are normally not offered at the same restaurant.
My dad ordered his favorite, Jampong (Chinese noodles in spicy seafood soup), my mom ordered a lunch special containing soft tofu soup and Spicy Pork (another favorite), and I ordered Jajangmyeon.
All the dishes were fine, but nothing was amazing.
The most palpable was probably the spicy pork (I find that this is the hardest dish to screw up).
The Panchan (side dishes) were also unmemorable.
The good: cheap prices.
My mom says that they used to have much better quality, but I guess that's all moot that now the restaurant is undergoing an ownership change.

Always go here to recover from whatever ails after being in and eating in Las Vegas.
True authentic Korean food without the dark, moody atmosphere.
Food is good and the staff speaks English.
Have been to other Korean restaurants in Vegas but would only take parents to this one.

well been here a few times over the last few years, this last visit was the one that I had to write on.
So sad that the food quality has gone down.
We had the Mahn Doo Gook (Dumpling Soup), was not as tasty as it was in the past, especially since this is my FAV for Korean soup (childhood fav).
They seemed to add sesame seeds to almost everything, which I thought took away from the flavor versus adding, especially to my Mahn Doo Gook.
Ok, onto the Kahl Bee (BBQ Short Ribs), LA style, so no long cut, did not BBQ at the table as the all-you-can-eat was for everyone or no one.
Since we had kids that are kinda picky, this would not work out well, and also didn't want my toddler going for the flames!
OUCH!
Should of checked yelp for other restaurants in the area prior to coming here.
My parents were in charge of finding places to eat that are Korean, since my dad MUST have his Korean food at least 2x while traveling.
Server should of brought out kid friendly utensils (plastic smaller version) versus the adult size stuff.
Had to go and ask for this 2x as she only brought out one set after asking initially.
Also had to go and get my own napkins.
REALLY!
My own napkins!
Ultimately the 2 stars is for its not horrible, but better places out there for better $ and better service, time to find new restaurants next time I am in Vegas.

After two visits in the last six months, I remain totally unaware of their a la carte offerings.
It's like a small bolt of electricity triggers my brain to point at the picture of the AYCE deal (now $25) and tell the server in what feels like slow motion to say "I'll......have......this.".
This incurable auto reaction would even prompt me to order AYCE KBBQ if I saw it on Denny's menu.
With quite a few popular restaurants in this plaza now, Jin Mee feels like a forgotten place.
The space is big and looks like it could easily fit a crowd of 100+.
I wonder if those banquet tables to the rear of the restaurant ever get used anymore.
It doesn't take a lot for me to enjoy spots like this.
As long as there's pork belly, bulgogi, the other usual offerings and they are of reasonable freshness, I am a happy man.
But there are a few things that make this place a standout.
My wife loooooves the spicy marinated raw crab.
I am not sure if anywhere else offers this but it's pretty awesome.
You gotta get all barbaric with it and just break the shells in your mouth to get those glorious slithers of spicy crab.
Then they bring out a ton of other dishes before the meat comes out.
You get a large plate of salad, a bowl of steamed egg, a hearty tofu soup with beans and potato, and then 8 dishes of banchan.
A very impressive Korean feast indeed!!
I look at it all as a clever trap.
If customers stuff their faces with this, they'll eat less meat.
Everything I mentioned above probably costs them less than $4 in ingredients.
All tasty and worth sampling for sure, but keep your eyes on the prize!
Kind of like the salad bar at Texas de Brazil.
Trap!!!!
The owner, Chu, was there during my last visit.
He said he was a good golfer and gave me his card saying we should golf sometime.
I hit my friend with a golf ball in the leg after a ridiculous slice 30 feet away the last time I golfed and dutifully informed Chu of this.
He decided to quickly change the subject by offering some grilled shrimp on the house.
That's only on the more expensive AYCE package that includes choices of several kinds of seafood and ribeye.
The shrimp were delicious and unusually sweet.
Nice guy.
The table grills were decently ventilated meaning I wasn't wearing full on BBQ cologne afterwards.
I am a fan!

We had a good dinner at Jin Mee last night.
My husband and I both ordered the JaJang Myeon (Chinese Noodles w/ Black Bean Sauce) and shared an order of  Tongsuyuk (Deep Fried Pork in Sweet and Sour Sauce).
The JaJang Myeon was really good, great sauce.
The Tongsuyuk came out nice and crisp but needed a little more sweet and sour sauce as it was a little dry, even after we dipped it in soy sauce & vinegar.
Our dinner came out to a little under $35, good deal!
We haven't been to Jin Mee for awhile now so it was a little hard to find.
The center is in a rather seedy area of town that is in desperate need of a major overhaul.
Probably best not to go it alone.
The restaurant has an all glass storefront w/ white paper & blue painter's tape covering the glass.

I tried Chinese foods here and they really suck!!
BBQ meats not fresh, I had stomach problem after had all you can eat BBQ at this place.
If you see any new menus in Korean restaurants, don't ever try them.
This place is great example.
They just started Chinese foods and they prove so well, they can't cook at all.
You don't even deserve 1 star for this review.
Go to Baek Ri Hyang (Island Style restaurant in Sahara Ave) if you want Korean-Chinese food.

Lunch specials till 3pm.
Arrived about 3.10pm, only one table occupied so wandered in and sat at a booth.
There was one lady serving, so took a while before she took our orders.
Ordered beef bulgolgi, fried octopus with vegetables (spicy) and a spring onion pancake.
Bulgolgi serving was large and tasty, beef was tender and well cooked on a hot plate brought to the table.
Fried octopus with vegetables was great, loaded with lots of octopus and vegetables.
The dish is spicy, and was good with white rice.
Fried green onion pancake was surprisingly good.
Pieces of octopus, crab cake, prawn and spring onions.
Crispy when arrived at our table.
Three dishes and all the side dishes were too much for 2, so we doggy bagged the remainder.
One dish would have been just nice for 2 to share.
Overall expensive for this kind of food, but considering the serving size, it's fair.
The bill came, and I almost choked on my iced tea.
Look at my attached picture!
What do you think?

