Lappert's has the best macadamia nut ice cream ever.
Ever.
The Kaui pie and kona coffee are real good too.
I've had it at some of the non-corporate locations and it's just not the same.
With all the Hawaiians going to the Cal, of course there has to be a Lappert's.
I'll always stop here no matter where I'm staying when I'm in Vegas.

The ice cream at Lappert's is truly top notch.
With its headquarters in Hawaii, there is a definite tropical spin to many of their flavors.
The ice cream here is just as good as the flagship store in Kauai.
My personal favorite is the Mango with Mango Sherbert.
It's like getting a 2-for-1 with premium mango ice cream that is just bursting with flavor.
Simply prepared, the quality of the ingredients easily shine through.
As an added bonus, the ice cream is topped with Mango Sherbert that is just like eating a just picked tree ripened mango.
Even though the ice cream has a high butterfat content, it doesn't clog your taste buds.

I'm a sucker for good ice cream, especially if it comes in interesting flavors.
Lappert's fits the bill.
Kauai Pie is a keeper: coffee ice cream, coconut, fudge and macadamia nuts.
Delicious!
[note: as of October 2007, the main web site - http://www.lappertshawaii.com/ - is undergoing reconstruction.
This seems to be a semi-permanent state.
Only the California branch web site is functional.

It doesn't matter where in Vegas I stay, I WILL go to the Cal just to get LAPPERTs.
My favorite flavor is the Banana Caramel Chocolate Chip.
HOLD THE PHONE, make that a double scoop.
In fact, how much do you want for the TUB?
No, don't wrap it, I just need a spoon.
The ice cream at Lapperts is awesome.
Really.
Its so smooth and rich in flavor, that you can tell they don't skimp on the quality of the ingredients.
For you non-dairy lovers, there is a wide selection of sherbert and snow cones (shaved ice).
The prices are cheap, and sooooo much better than Baskin Robbins!!

Macadamia nut ice cream in a waffle cone.
One scoop = $3.
Take it with you to the slot machines and lick while you pull.

Located in the "Cal" along with all the other Hawaii themed things is Lappert's Ice Cream.
Why would people from Hawaii fly all the way to Las Vegas to have an ice cream from Hawaii?
I have no idea, but I did.
It's really good ice cream with many different Hawaii inspired flavors.
If you haven't tried it, please do!
Located upstairs close to the footbridge.
Now, only if the ice cream really didn't cost me the actual paycheck I dropped off at the Cal casino, they'd get 5 stars!

Lapperts is a must stop for me whenever I'm in vegas, despite the fact I always stay on the strip.
Combine Lapperts with a trip to Aloha Specialties and it makes the trip downtown worth it.
They raised their prices a bit since the last time I went there - If I recall correctly, first scoop is $2.75, second is $1.50 - so I no longer consider them the best ice cream value on the planet, but I'll keep going.
Portions are still generous, and the quality is fantastic.
Not suprisingly for a chain based in Hawaii, most flavors have some Hawaiian influence - lots of macadamia nut, coconut, kona coffee, etc.
Def worth a stop.

even after stuffing my face with some delish saimin and mac salad across the hallway, i still stopped by here before heading back downstairs to gamble a bit.
i got a scoop of the kona coffee ice cream in a waffle cone and i was in heaven!
lick, lick, bite, bite, every little taste was so good and it lasted for awhile b.c their scoops are huge, mmm!

I really would love to love Lappert's.
I just don't.
It's OK, doesn't suck, hey it's ice cream which rarely sucks.
I had been in Lamperts several years ago, and didn't remember it being all that spectacular.
After seeing all the great reviews on yelp, thought I'd give it another go.
I tried the the Caramel Coconut Macadamia Nut which was dripping with so much caramel it completely overpowered the macadamia and coconut.
I even noticed the server scooping away gobs of caramel off to one side of the bucket as she made my cone, that's how much was in there.
I don't know if it was a fluke, a bad batch or what, but I swear it was like eating a cone full of caramel.
I tried the Manila Mango too, also just OK. Knowing that mangos from the Philippines rock, and suspecting it was not really made from Manila mangos, I asked the gal behind the counter (who was Philipina) if it was really made with Manila mangos, and she said no.
So kind of a strike against Lapperts simply for lying.
I will say the portions are huge, a single scoop is really more like 2, so from a quantity/price standpoint, it's a pretty smokin' deal.
The people behind the counter were friendly, service was fast, the place had a constant flow of people in and out, so people clearly like this place.
Maybe mango isn't my flavor, and maybe the batch of Caramel Coconut Macadamia Nut was off that day, I would give it another try, but so far, not so impressed.

Fun fact: Lappert's has Hawaiian shave ice.
When I found this out I was all like: O_o.
(Actually, this is a bit of exaggeration.
My right eye doesn't get that big.
)  Regardless, I fell in love with shave ice during my trip to Kauai some months back.
It's like a sno-cone and ice cream decided to make sweet weekly love, and this is a result of that union.
I was skeptical, but I made a specific trip to check this little treat out, and it's the real deal.
I felt the smile creeping up on my face, and was mentally whisked away to that wonderful week of beaches, greenery and aloha.
I was going to give this 4 stars as they only have 3 flavor syrups (orange was my choice today), but the girl behind the counter was so nice and friendly, it bounced back up to 5.
Nice people only enhance a good experience.
Words to live by.
If Lappert's steps it up and adds more flavor syrups to their shave ice selection, they'll be perfect.
As it stands, they are merely just pretty darn tasty.
I'll be trying their various ice creams next.
It's a perfect place for Vegas' batmess hot Summers.

As good as the original ones in Hawaii?
Close but no cigar....Hawaii wins by a nose.
Comparable?
Hell yes!
Half the price?
Affirmative!
$4.50 for a 2 scoop hot fudge sundae.
I got a scoop of white chocolate macadamia nut and a scoop of chocolate macadamia nut.
The lady dishing out the ice cream was super friendly and hooked it up!
These were baseball sized scoops.
She topped it off with a grip of hot fudge, some macadamia nuts, whipped cream and cherries!
An awesome sundae!
This guy in front of me got a banana split.
3 scoops topped with everything under the sun!
It could feed a small army.
It looked tasty!
Lapperts is flat out delicious and I would highly recommend coming here if you are near downtown Vegas!

Right across from Aloha Specialties in the California Hotel is Lappert's Ice Cream Parlor.
They not only have Ice Cream but Shaved Ice and Malasadas.
This time around we skipped the shaved ice, and Malasadas and just enjoyed a scoop of ice cream each.
We tried a scoop of Rainbow Sherbert, Mint Chocolate Chip and Cookies and Cream.
What more can you say about ice cream- YUM!!
Next time we'll try the shaved ice and of course those yummy fried pieces of dough (Malasadas)....

Ahhh Lapperts Ice Cream.
I remember flying into Honolulu International Airport back in 2004 and coming across Lapperts Ice Cream.
I remember asking my boyfriend if we could stop by and try them out and he said, we would do it another time.
We never got that opportunity.
But I am not bitter because, Lappert's  is in Vegas!
:)  If they were not in Vegas, I would so hold it against him.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Lappert's!
They have a good variety of flavors, not typically found at your chain ice cream parlors such as Baskin Robbins or Cold Stone's.
If you love Macadamia nuts, you will love Lappert's.
Some of the flavors you will find here are:  Caramel Coco Macadamia, Coconut Macadamia, Banana Caramel Chocolate Chip, White Chocolate Macadamia, Macadamia Nut ice cream, Chocolate Macadamia nut.
Other flavors available include:  Kona Coffee, Kauai Pie, green tea.
If you are boring, they also have the typical vanilla, chocolate and strawberry ice cream.
My favorites include the Banana Caramel Chocolate Chip and the Macadamia Nut.
So uberly, yummy delicious!
Prices are reasonable and portions are GENEROUS!
Their one scoop is equivalent to almost 2 scoops from Baskin Robbins.
Service is always great.
If you are unsure of a flavor, don't be afraid to ask for a sample or two or three or four or five.
They will hook you up!
:)  Not a problem!
Tip:  Hit up their neighbor across the way, Aloha Specialties first for delicious Hawaiian food, then stroll your way to Lappert's for dessert.
I promise you will not be disappointed!!

This is a small hawaii ice cream company,they have a small outlet in the  California hotel.
They don't carry all the flavors that they have in Hawaii :( , like my favorite kulolo( taro and coconut pudding flavor and poha berry etc)  I think of them as a Ben & Jerrys of hawaii, premium ice cream with exotic flavors.
Today I had the mac nut , caramel , coconut flavor and the butter pecan.
The butter pecan is so rich u can taste the butter.
The mac nut  caramel was just as good.
Maybe lapperts ice cream jus taste better ,because I feel like I'm home ,when I'm eating it

Mm-mm ice cream...
I haven't had any Lapperts in a long while.
Even though family comes often, and we're at "The Cal" a lot, I still manage to skip this special treat.
But today was Sunday and I had a long wait ahead of me, so I said why not.
I now remember the special flavors that only they have, like the macadamia white chocolate chip and the coconut, macadamia nut and caramel.
Theses flavors are so rich you can taste it.
If you are craving really rich ice creams with exotic flavors, stop in and try it, you won't regret it!

As a frequent visitor to the Cal, I'll always make a stop at Lappert's for ice cream.
I like almost all of the mac nut flavors.
But the Kona Coffee is also on the rotation.
Go big, or go home.
Go for the waffle cone with 2 scoops.
You can give the other scoop to a friend if you're feeling guilty.
Saves money too...

This place is the Shimazu Store of Vegas!
For the price, no can beat!
Flavors, try 'em all!
I'm sure you'll pop in there enough times to taste everything!

OMG this is a Fat Kids Dream!
(no offense to fat kids, as I'm one too lol).
This is by far the best place for ice cream!
Exotic ice cream flavors.
I was killing it at the store, intaking all names of the available flavors and my mind indecisive on what to flavor to choose...eeeney meeeney..  One scoop is Decent sized.
Nah, I went for the double scoop.
I am sure as heck paying for it now as I have to work out much more cause of my calorie intake at Lapperts.
I got the coconute pineapple with a scoop of choco macadamia nut..decadent!
I'm gonna have to go back for more...however parking is a pain in the ass at the california.

Yum!
After a delicious dinner at Komol with friends new to Vegas as adults, we yelp-searched nearby dessert options.
The crew wanted to check out downtown, and when Eric R. said "Lappert's" he got 2 enthusiastic replies by our friends who honeymooned in Hawaii.
Lappert's was a great memory that they had, and they recalled their fave flavors.
We trekked over to the California and up to Lappert's we went.
I ordered the green tea ice cream and it had a delicious rich matcha flavor, better than any I have purchased in a natural foods store.
My friends opted for white chocolate macadamia and I have no idea what Eric R. had but he was certainly happy with it.
It was cheap ($2.75 for a huge scoop on cake cone) and it is open til 11 PM on weeknights!

A scoop of macadamia coconut and caramel, and a scoop of green tea in a waffle cone is all you need!
Rich, thick, creamy and full of flavor.
A must stop if you are downtown...it's even worth a special trip!

I like this place when I'm in the mood for "Island" flavors, like anything with macadamia nuts, and when I have room after eating at aloha specialty restaurant.

I love the ice cream here!!
Once I eat the ice cream here, i don't like eating just any ice cream!!
I want Lapperts ice cream!
Hana Road is one of my Favs!
It's like a Rocky Road but with chocolate covered nuts!!
Also there is one called Banana CaramelChocolate Chip Ice Cream is really good!!
They use fresh bananas when they make them!!
It's so Ono!!
Great service!!
They give u good portions too!!
Its on the 2nd floor of California hotel Across from Aloha Speicalties (another good place to go eat)!

All the ice cream here is delicious.
The low-fat options maybe not so much.. but everything else.
AWESOME.
Kaui Pie, Strawberry, Mac nut, Coconnut, the sorbet, Pistachio, Kona Coffee, all of it is AWESOME.
The service is friendly and they give you good portions too.
It's not some dinky scoop like you get at the other places.
If you're in the area, and want some bomb ice cream.. Lappert's is the place to go.

HAD NO IDEA there was a lappert's in vegas!!!
my boyfriend and i stopped by this past weekend and to our surprise it's just as good as on the islands!!
i've been craving my favorite, coconut pineapple ice cream, and  definitely got my fix!!!
highly recommend anyone that likes good, home-made, creamy ice cream!!!!!!!!!!
YUM YUM!
we will go back for sure!

I've heard about this place so I had to cap my lunch with dessert.
I got one scoop ($2.75) of coconut caramel macadamia ice cream in a sugar cone.
The ice cream reminds me a bit of the Girl Scout samoa cookies.
It doesn't list it in the description, but there was kinda a gooey marshmallow cream thrown in there.
The BF got his pistachio as a shake and their pistachio flavor is pretty decent with a real pistachio flavor and plentiful with the whole nuts.
I would come often if it wasn't in a casino I'm rarely at.

Dear Lapperts,                          I was in Las Vegas this past week and decided to stop into your store in the California because you have delicious ice cream and I crave it all the time.
On my two trips to your store, I left completely satisfied except for one little thing.
What the hell happened to topping off your sundaes with macadamia nuts?
You now use chopped up walnuts?
Come on now!
I know macadamia nuts cost a little more.... thats fine, charge us, the customer, a little more.
I would be glad to pay an extra 25 or 50 cents per sundae to get macadamia nuts instead of walnuts.
On all other fronts you are doing awesome.
Your staff is friendly, your prices are fine and your macadamia nut, chocolate macadamia nut and cookie crunch ice creams are amazing!
Keep up the good work but bring back those macadamia nuts as a topping!
They make people smile!
Love,          Tim

I was craving for some dessert and went to Lappert's to take a break from some gambling.
I waited in a line while 1 worker served everyone.
The line moved slowly and there were maybe only 5 people in front of me.
By the time I got to the front, an additional worker started work so one was scooping and one was taking payments.
Since the line was moving slow, I was afraid to ask for a sample and went with a coffee flavor in a regular cone.
I don't know how many times I had to repeat my order.
They give sort of a lot for one scoop, but the ice cream was so soft.
Not satisfied at all.
I wanted to try their malasadas to see if it were any good but did not go back because if the soft ice cream.

I wanted Ice Cream and not of the Dairy Queen variety.
Dont get me wrong I love Dairy Queen.
But after Leatherbys moved to Texas their has been a void left.
Well NOT ANYMORE.
This is the real deal.
The Ice Cream is creamy and sweet.
I ordered a Banana Split.
And Holy Hell i was worried at first about the portions.
Worried if i was paying 5.00 for a baskin robbins sized portion.
Well that wasnt the case it was huge.
And the cashier/ Ice Cream barista was spot on and tailored it to my taste.
I dont like peanuts.
I will be back and Im going to ask Where has Lapperts been hiding?

Stopped by here after eating at the Food Truck Festival at the El Cortez.
I enjoyed Lapperts on Kauai and Maui, and come by here from time to time for some Kauai Pie ice cream.
Creamy and flavorful, this stuff is good.
My alltime favorite ice cream is Tillamook from Oregon.
Can't find it in stores here.

Surprised by the prices, happier with the selection of flavors.
Mac nut, coconut, huli pie, etc were just some of the flavors they had.
It was under $3 a scoop for something different.
I'm glad I saved some room from dinner (across the way) for dessert!
It wasn't too busy and I saw they had malasadas in the morning.
This is another place I always wanted to try, but it was always closed.
I'm sure if you try enough flavors you'll find at least one that suits you.
Another place I'd be happy to frequent again!

The banana split was awesome: gooey, messy, huge!
It was only $5 too.
I've had Lappert's in the Bay Area, CA and in Hawaii, and love the Hawaiian inspired flavors they serve.
I would def.
come back when looking for a sugar fix!

Very good ice cream and big servings!
I usually order the single scoop because it's closer to two scoops!
I always get the Kauai Pie, mmmm my favorite!
This location is in the California Hotel, perfect for us!

After walking what seemed like a maze within the hotel, we found Lappert's and found it to be cute.
After reading how awesome their ice cream is, I wanted to try the coco macadamia nut ice cream that had caramel in it.
I ordered the waffle cone for fun with a kona coffee shake.
The ice cream is quite good, has a good amount of milk fat to make it just the right creamy, and the taste is perfect.
It is definitely a taste of Hawaii in a cone.
The Kona shake was perfect and for coffee lovers it would rock.
It still had that bitter after taste that coffee has, which indicated to us it was made from brewed coffee.
Yummy.
Overall, it's a great place for dessert.
I'd definitely go back.
I'm not addicted nor did I dream of it that night, so I gave it a 3 for being good.
I'm not a huge fan, though.
I think there may be others with better ice cream (due to higher milk fat ratios) in Vegas, but they are a great place to grab so macadamia nut ice cream, for sure.

For breakfast on saturday morning i stopped by Lappert's (all the way from hawaii) for some coffee and malasadas.
Granted they weren't as good as leonards it was still tasty in the morning as they were a bit too doughy and heavy.
Never got the chance to try the ice cream though.

I always end up at the Cal (where everyone looks like my uncle or auntie) and this time it was for icecream!
I got the yelp favorite Banana Caramel Chocolate Chip on a sugar cone.
Delicious!!
!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/egpDg61SdYbKWvCpPM7Nbg?select=-Gj0mB9XAroIS_H4iwS5tA   I had a taste of mango too, which was yummy as well.
Great place to come after your hawaiian lunch plate from Aloha Specialities right across from it.
(2nd floor).
You can take the bridge from Main street hotel right to it.
I hear they have malasadas in the AM!
(thanks Elnino!

I've had this place bookmarked for a very long time now and I finally got to try it out today!
The place is very small.
There are about 6 bar stools, but most people just grab ad go.
There is a very large selection of flavors to choose from.
At one point, I turned to my boyfriend and said, "Seriously?
I can't do this.
There's just too many good ones to choose from" and I thought about just leaving (I get overwhelmed when I can't make up my mind).
I'm so glad I didn't though.
I ended up getting a scoop of the Chocolate Macadamia Nut in a regular cone for just $3.
It was ooh so chocolatey and ooh so tasty!
It was very rich, creamy, and smooth (no ice particles at all, yay).
This place reminds me of all the little ice cream parlors I used to go to as a child, except with better flavors!
It's a nice little getaway from all the froyo places that have taken over the world and it's definitely worth trying at least once!

Rich ice cream & good portions.
Tried the chocolate with chocolate cookies and the coffee, both were excellent.
The coffee was barely sweet and awesomely delicious.

Easily my favorite place for ice cream in Las Vegas.
Yes, it's in downtown.
Yes, it's located inside the Cal.
I love the Cal for the food, the ice cream and for the old Vegas feel with a Hawaiian twist it provides.
The ice cream flavor that reigns supreme in my mind is the caramel coconut macadamia nut.
It's so perfectly good.
Rich in flavor, rich in butterfat... Just the way ice cream should be.
The combination of flavors is just so right.
The coconut pineapple I tried on my last trip to Vegas was good, too.
But the caramel coco mac is still at the top of my list.
Can't wait to go back.

Just like the location in Hawaii which I have craved for years.
Such unique flavors

Thatch roof sundae.
Vanilla ice cream, chocolate fudge and chocolate almonds.
Tried something new today instead of my usual Kauai Pie and was not disappointed.
Now I have two favorite flavors!

I had time to kill while downtown and was craving a cold treat.
Remembering how many people spoke so highly of an ice cream joint with a Hawaiian flare, I had to stop by for a scoop.
I really wanted a sundae, but settled for a lighter snack.
With a plethora of flavors, it was difficult to choose.
I wanted green tea, coconut caramel macadamia nut, mango, and white chocolate macadamia nut.
As I was running from case to case, I finally gave up and asked for an opinion.
I was stuck between the two macadamia nut flavors and told me that the white chocolate was her personal favorite and the best.
I was going to be walking around for a bit and did not want something that would dry out my mouth.
In the end, I would be stuck with rainbow sherbet if I wanted something light because most of their ice creams use a heavy base.
It is apparent when you take the first lick.
The thick creamy texture is met with an abundance of ingredients.
I counted 10 bites of macadamia nuts in my single scoop.
10 PIECES!
With that and the white chocolate nips, I could not have asked for a more decadent treat.
Although this will not be an everyday type of venture, it is definitely worth saving for splurge outings.

Food poisoning from Ice Cream.
Yes it happened last night with this pathetic dumpy ice cream hole in the wall at the California (AKA Hawaii outpost) Hotel.
THe flavor to avoid, at least until they finish up that bucket, is Cocunut Macademia Fudge ripple.
Unless you want 3 hours in the can, stay away.
Also, not sure why they call this gourmet?
I think that word is being over-used in America and doesn't belong on ice cream.
Go back to californioa with your junky ice cream.

Lappert's Ice Cream is a must when you're downtown Vegas.
$3 for a big scoop of ice cream?
Come on, what's not to love?

Kauai pie

Giant waffle cone, big scoop of ice cream.
A variety of tropical flavors, but I always opt for mocha.
A little bit pricey, but it's good so whatev!

Right after we finished eating at Aloha Specialties, we made our way across to Lappert's ice cream.
Just a regular ice cream shop to me, though they do have shaved ice as well.
Though some people would find their flavors to be unique and worth a try, they didn't really all appeal to me.
The only flavors I've managed to try were the cookies and cream, chocolate macadamia, kona coffee, and cookie crunch (which is a chocolate cookies and cream).
Their waffle cones were pretty standard.
Would've been better if they were dipped in chocolate.
Overall, a good treat but nothing special.

This ice cream is very rich and creamy.
I love coming in and getting a scoop or two.
My favorite tonight is the white chocolate macadamia nut.
I get mine in a cup, rather not have anything else competing with the creaminess of the ice cream.
They are very generous with their scoops, so a single is just right on this occasion.
I don't indulge here very often, it's because it's inside the Cal.
I will come here when the Hawaii family is in town, since we tend to hang out downtown, but when they aren't here, it's easier for me to hit one of the local shops.
Good service, decent price and excellent flavors

I came here to try the Dole Whip but I was completely side tracked when I saw the array of flavors.
It wasn't an ordinary ice cream parlor that's for sure!
I felt like I was in hawaii :) The ice cream was not too sweet, just enough mixture of either coconut, macadamia nuts, chocolate almonds and fudge.
My husband is not a sweet tooth by all means, I am, but he really enjoyed their ice cream.
My mother could not stop talking about and I swear I felt like she was a sales person for Lapperts cause she told everyone about it afterwards!

This place has nothing to do with Lappert's Hawaii?
Strange, since the Lappet's Ice Cream menu is filled with Hawaii place names, like Kona Coffee Ice Cream and Kauai Pie.
But having just arrived from Hawaii, I wasn't about to buy something I could find at home anyway.
So I ordered the Cookies and Cream Ice Cream.
for some reason, which tasted like any other cookies and cream I've ever had.
I usually try to make it a point to order something new every time I go anywhere, but my intentional avoidance of Hawaii flavors backfired.
I haven't the slightest idea what Kauai Pie even is.
The cookies and cream may not have been remarkable on its own, but I can't complain.
It cost me less than $4.00 for a fist-size scoop mounted on a waffle cone.
Coming from Hawaii, I can't stress enough how amazing that is to me because in Waikiki, that portion would easily cost twice as much, yet I would still have paid for it happily.
And the ice cream really did hit the spot.
I just went for it as a celebratory dessert after winning $115 (after my initial input of $5) from the casino downstairs, and it was my first time gambling, too.
Next time I'm in Vegas though, I'll be sure to order the Kauai Pie, or maybe even the Kona Mocha Chip, which sounds amazing.
It's just too bad they don't have a shop in Hawaii (apparently all their locations are in California with the exception of this one, which is located inside California Hotel & Casino).
Then again, they'd have to charge double here.

Oh yeah love my ice cream so glad they have this inside the California Hotel Casino.
Since we stay either at the Cal or Main Street i always make sure to get ice cream.
My fav is Kauai Pie which consists of coffee, coconut, macadamia, chocolate syrup.
Always hits the spot.

OMG So glad we have one here in Vegas.
I love love love Lappert's.
I love everything with macadamia nuts in it and there is no shortage of that here!
The same great taste I got hooked on at HHV.
Great service, clean, and DELICIOUS.
I always get the mac nut or white chocolate mac nut.
I'm never disappointed.

We came here because we wanted macadamia nut ice cream just like the one in Hawaii.
After reading all the stellar reviews we were excited to try it.
They serve super huge portions which is good.
But the taste and consistency of the ice cream just wasn't the same.
I wouldn't go out of my way to drive to downtown lv just to get it again.
Plus the lady scooping the ice cream seemed like she really didn't want to be there.
Service with a poker face.

If ever you feel the need to stuff your face full of ice cream, this may be an option.
Or if you're ever eating at Aloha Specialties and need some dessert since they don't really have any, this place should be your next stop, especially since it is right across the way.
The first time I got ice cream, I got a hot fudge sundae and the scoop I got was sooo small and the lady swarmed my ice cream with nuts.
I think I actually had more nuts in my sundae than ice cream...I was not a happy camper.
But I went back because my grandma wanted a banana split.
I jumped on the bandwagon but ordered mines first.
Wholly mammoth was it huge!!!
My grandma saw it and decided to just get a scoop of ice cream.
Good idea granny!
The banana split was delicious!
So depending on who is working, you'll get a bang for your buck but really it's kind of pricey.

Found in the most unlikely of places (second floor of the California casino), this ice cream shop has some of the creamiest and flavorful you can find anywhere.
The coconut ice cream is absolutely delicious, but any flavor you pick will be packed with flavor and you cannot find that at your local grocery store.
Next time you are in the neighborhood, check this place out!

The worse ice cream ever.
Even my 7 yo said so.
We tried the mango & mint chip.
Both had grainy texture.
The chocolate macadamia had extremely stale nuts.
The depressing ambience fit this experience.

Normally stop in here after eating at Aloha Specialties across the way.
My favorites are cookies and cream and the kona coffee.
The ice cream is very creamy and delicious.
Always a great way to end a meal.
I get this when I'm visiting Hawaii, but it's nice to know you can enjoy Lappert's while in Vegas too.

Whoever put this amazing icecream shop across Aloha Specialties is genius..  After stuffing yourself with some awesome Hawaiian eats, it is only appropriate to complete a full feast by heading over to Lappert's for some creamy icecream.
It's not your ordinary grocerystore or Baskin Robbins icecream.. they have some rare and exotic flavors that you can't get anywhere else.
I've tried a few flavors such as: Macadamia Nut, Coconut Pineapple, Mango, Green Tea, Rum Raisin, & White Chocolate.
Some of these sound so plain but the burst of flavor you get from each of them is amazing.. not to mention, there may be some chunks of fruit or nuts in these desserts.
You can also make your icecream into one of those big dessert mixtures.
My friend once ordered the brownie sundae which included 3 scoops of icecream, brownie, fudge, and whatever other topping you want to add..
I think it was enough to feed 4.
If you're wandering around the downtown casinos, do yourself a favor and grab a scoop of icecream from Lappert's.
It's almost better than beer...ALMOST!

Best tasting ice cream in Las Vegas!
The lines are out the door and justified.
I recommend also grabbing one of their slushees.
Prices are reasonable and the area is clean.
Just be patient... their ice cream and drinks are worth the wait.

Ice cream is my kryptonite.
You put it in front of me... any amount.
I eat it.
I love it.
Lappert's is one of my favorite spots in Vegas to pick up a scoop.
If I had a bad day, maybe I'd get two.
On a devastating occasion, I'd go for three scoops, a banana split, then sprint across Fremont Street to the Commonwealth.
The stuff is good.
Real good.
They have some unique flavors, like Kauai Pie: a mix of Kona coffee ice cream, mixed with fudge, shredded coconut and macadamia nuts.
Everything is all a concoction that's reminiscent of the big Island -- bringing in flavors from tropical sorbets, chocolatey/coffee mixes and all sorts of other temptations.
In the mornings, they have malasadas available.
They also serve shaved ice all day.
I can't really attest to those, since I am usually swept off my feet by the ice creams.
Hopefully I get around to trying them soon.
If you have a sweet tooth, try not to miss this place.
It's not be a fancy looking spot, but they do good things.

Delicious and very affordable!
This place is well worth the short walk from Freemont street to treat the family to delicious ice cream.
Limited seating so eat your cone fast before it melts!

Woke up 6AM from partying on the Vegas Strip celebrating my bday.
Hotel comped my room and switched me from lower level to the top floor.
I  Could smell the yummy aroma's wafting through the corridors.
Clean little shop.
Local girl with tropical flower in her ear.
Never met her in my life but we greet eachother like this "Eh' howzit!
Goodmorning cuz"... as if we know eachother.
LOL She tells me "just in time.
Fresh batch cuz!
" Yes please!!!
Half a dozen fresh hot soft malasadas (Portuguese style donuts) and a cup of their gourmet roast coffee.
"Have a beautiful day cuz " we say as we finish my transaction.
I wish my days started like that everyday here on the mainland.
Excellent service, friendly staff, fresh hot malasadas and smooth gourmet coffee just roasted.
Back to my top floor room and gaze out at the floor to ceiling windows.
Appreciating the small things in life.
I later went back and tried the Kaui Pie ice cream.
Kona coffee, Macadamia nuts, shredded toasted coconuts and Rich dark chocolate fudge on a fresh waffle cone.
That was my jackpot in Vegas.
So yum!
5 stars on all the fresh ingrediants and quality of service and products

My boyfriend and I cam down here last night to try what has been called 'the best' ice cream of Vegas.
It is located on the second floor of the California casino (across from Plaza) which is accessed by the escalator.
Since they don't have great signage to tell you this, most people end up wondering around asking about ice cream.
We got there half an hour before they close on Sundays (11pm) so there were a few flavors out of stock.
No matter, they have a bunch- but I will admit, though they have like 5 variations of coconut and macadamia nut, the only one I wanted was the one with fudge, and it was gone :(.
So I got my favorite Butter Pecan, and my boyfriend got a cone of the coconut macadamia nut with caramel.
A single scoop of ice cream is 3.00, while the cone is 3.95 (and you get two scoops) and it is a lot of ice cream for just once scoop.
It is a very thick and creamy ice cream, so it is pretty filling.
It's a very buttery texture, but nothing overly buttery (though you can feel the cream on your lips).
I really liked the Butter Pecan, and I did try my boyfriends, but it did not taste very coconutty to me, and the caramel in it was going everywhere, just kinda dripping around and what not.
I wasn't very impressed with the caramel either, it really had no flavor for me.
I'd like to go back and try something else, since it really was a pretty good ice cream.

Bring a vial of insulin and a toothbrush and toothpaste because after you finish, you will be in a diabetic coma and your teeth will fall out after eating your ice cream.
This was so rich and creamy, you know they aren't cutting any corners with the milk fat.
It was good, really really good.
I had planned to try the Kauai Pie, but after sampling, decided to get a scoop of the Coconut Macadamia (I love anything that resembles haupia).
I will give the other flavors a try next time I'm in the area.
If you are going just for ice cream, we used the street parking outside on Ogden/1st street.

First this place is located inside the California hotel casino on the 2nd floor.
The ice cream was really good my kids enjoyed it a lot.
I paid $3 a scope kinda expensive.
The staff where really friendly I will be going back.

Saturday morning coffee and malasadas.
Its nice to have a place that serves coffee and malasadas without having to goto a sit down restaurant in Vegas, I can just pick up and take it back up to the room and relax.
Coffee was good.
Nice strong flavor.
The malasada was just odd tasting to me.
Although I haven't eaten a lot of them, I knew that it wasn't the best.
It wasn't like the ones I've had in Hawaii.
They're not bad, I would say they're average - and in Vegas I'd take average malasadas any day.

Ok, I'm not a fan of supercreamy ice cream texture.
I like it a little on the "icier" side.
So coldstone is too sweet but you cant go wrong with any of the "nutty" or chocolate ice creams here.
I was so pleasantly surprised.
Also, the coffee is here is nice and strong.
I will def be back to try other flavors.

Every time I visit Vegas, I always have a meal at Aloha Specialties.
I've passed Lappert's Ice Cream every time without a second glance.
On our most recent visit, I had a hankerin' for some ice cream after dinner, and this was the closest spot.
I yelped it prior to going, but was surprised with the ratings when I walked in.
The store looks a little dingy on the inside and out, and the smell of hazelnut was a little too overpowering.
The lady behind the counter was emotionless, expressionless, and looked unhappy to be there, which added to the bad first impression.
We perused the glass counter, looking at the unconventional flavors of ice cream they offered.
My fiance and I were feeling exceptionally chummy this particular evening, and decided to get two scoops in a waffle cone.
He chose white chocolate macadamia and chocolate peanut butter, and I chose cookies 'n cream and chocolate chip banana caramel.
I was not expecting such creamy and delicious ice cream AT ALL.
Even up to the scoop and pay, I was expecting cheap quality at Las Vegas prices, but I was pleasantly surprised with the flavor and consistency.
I always take a trip to Downtown Las Vegas for Aloha Specialties and beef jerky, but now it looks like I'm adding another thing to my DTLV list!

A Lappert's in Nevada?!!
What the hellll?!
When I was staying at the Hilton Hawaiian Village in Honolulu, HI, I think I must have had Lapperts every single day I was there.
I was seriously obsessed with their ice cream.
SO GOOD!!
When I came back after my trip, I was sad bc I figured a trip to Hawaii will be the only time I get macadamia ice cream.
But with the help of yelp, I found out there's a Lapperts in Vegas!!!
Whoo hoo!!
Score!
On my last trip to Vegas, I made sure I took the time out to venture out to Fremont street to get my ice cream fix.
If you've never trekked downtown, let me just tell you that it's a complete 180 from the strip.
First off, parking is NOT free!
I parked across the street from where the California hotel was and had to pay $5.
Lapperts' is actually located in the California hotel but I had no idea where to park that I kept driving in circles.
I just gave up and parked at a random hotel next door.
Also, if you've never been here, the people here are different from the strip.
Everyone walks around like they're super sad or mad that when I asked around on the location for  Lapperts, they would just mumble something incoherently and point.
Lol  Anyways, by the time I did actually find it, it was exactly the same of how I remembered it in Hawaii.
This ones a little smaller but the inside looks very similar.
They even have that huge colored keypad for you to punch your ATM code!!
The ice cream flavors here are delicious!!
If you like macadamia nuts, definitely get the macadamia bit flavor.
There's also crazy concoctions that I will try later like coconut macadamia or coconut chocolate etc...
If you can't make the trip out to Hawaii, definitely stop by Lapperts.
It's like a little slice of Hawaii in the middle of the desert!
Amazing!

Yummy!
I had lapperts when I was in Hawaii so when I saw it on yelp I told my husband we had to go get some!
We come here weekly since we've moved here in February.
We both love the Kauai Pie!
It's delicious!
If you're looking for some great ice cream, I recommend coming here!
The store is located on the second floor of the California hotel.
Once you're up the escalator, make a uturn to your left, right after the elevators in front of the chocolate store and it's right there :)

The banana split is one of the best deals in Las Vegas.
Cheaper than 2 scoops, you get 3 huge scoops, banana, choice of topping, whipped cream, nuts and a cherry!
The Mac Nut and Manilla Mango are the best!

I'm used to the old fashioned ice cream parlors, not the baskin robbins type place that u get it to go, so being still pretty new in town one day I decided I was on a mission to find a good banana spilt with all the fixings...after I googled best ice cream and Lappert's came up I figured I would give it a go.
So I drive about 20 mins out of my way, park and was expecting a long line.
To my surprise NO ONE was there.
I ordered my banana split...and you can get as many toppings as you want for the same price ($5.50) and choose anyyy flavors of ice cream.
Got served fast and the ice cream and split were delicious.
I will definitely drive out of my way for this again, and again.
If I lived closer, I would be in trouble.
The negative?
I COULD see this place having long lines time to time so I guess that was just luck.
Also, its a pain to park in the casino and have to walk thru it to get there, ahhh the temptation of gambling.
But nothing that wouldn't stop me from being back.

Come in, Order any one or two of their delicious flavors and you won't be disappointed, it is so good.
Great friendly service also!

We came here to relive some of our vacation memories that we had in Hawaii.
Food and dessert played a big part in our vacation!
I was thinking about getting one scoop each my husband opted to get 3 scoops instead!
I was like what!?
( Didn't mean to act cheap but I was paying) The bill with a bottle of water came out to be like $13.00.
Some of the flavors we tried were Hana Road, macadamia nut ice cream.
It was worth it!
The ice cream wasn't icy but creamy.
I also liked the fact that you can't get the flavors just anywhere!

This ice cream is the best I've ever had in my life.
The caramel macadamia flavor was orgasmic.
My goodness I loved it.

Located inside the California Hotel, Lappert's brings a little bit of Hawaii to the mainland.
The first time I had Lappert's Ice Cream was in Hawaii.
I thought the ice cream and service was excellent.
Well, I can say the same about the one in sin city.
They offer many different types of ice cream flavors and if you're having a hard time deciding which one to get, you can always sample a couple of the flavors.
Eating the ice cream in Vegas wasn't quite the same since I was missing the beautiful Hawaiian beach, but I still loved the ice cream!
If you want delicious ice cream while in the Vegas heat, you should definitely come get a scoop or four at Lappert's Ice Cream!

Lappert's is located on the second floor of the California off of Ogden Street.
Don't be a noodle-head like me and walk up and down Fremont Street wondering why you can't find the place.
Once my husband and I arrived we were greeted by an old-timey ice cream place feel, but still... it's in the California in Downtown Vegas, so you can't be entirely fooled.
There is a bit of bar seating, but other than that you'll be having to take your ice cream to go here if it's busy.
We went on a Saturday night at about 7:30 PM and there was no one else there.
My husband and I decided on the Chocolate Cookie Crunch, I believe is what the call it.
Basically it's a cookies and cream concoction, but with chocolate ice cream instead of vanilla.
We got it in a bowl so we could easily share it.
Quality ice cream for sure.
This ice cream has a nice mouth feel to it.
No icy particles.
It doesn't break-down as soon as you put your spoon in it.
It stays quite solid as you eat it, which is a good sign.
Also, fair portions for the price.
I paid $3 even for a scoop in a cup and my husband and I shared and we were quite satisfied.
This is better than going to Baskin Robbins.
Overall, this is a quaint spot for dessert after dinner.
It's easy to get to even though it is in a casino.
You could easily walk here from one of the many dining options that are now popping up Downtown like my husband and I did.
I think the next time we're Downtown for dinner we will head to Lappert's afterward to satisfy our sweet tooths.

Great tasting ice cream!
An awesome find!
A secret gem in the heart of old Vegas!
A must try!
5 stars!
Whew!
I sound like a movie trailer!
But everything is true!
I couldn't believe my taste buds on how great this ice cream was.
My wife had the macadamia and I had the cookies and cream and oh man!
The richness of if was of the chart!
It was creamy, not that sweet, well balanced and overall flavorful.
Did I mention it's not that pricey!
This is one if the few times I say that the price should be more!
It's very good.
The location is well hidden and far away from the strip.
I like that.
Only the adventurous can find this shop.

Friendly service and delicious ice cream!

Today I was on a mission.
I was going to consume a thousand calories before I was done.
I've worked hard enough and I wanted to splurge and I wasn't going to consume any less than a thousand calories.
That's right.
Well, after stopping at my favorite pizza joint, I realized I hadn't reached the big one-zero-zero-zero, when, ALOHA, I saw Lappert's.
I could probably gain a thousand calories just looking at this stuff.
I had read Yelper's rave reviews on Lappert's and I must say, they are right.
This is a mighty, tasty ice cream.
I got a scoop of the Kauai, Kona coffee ice cream swirled with chocolate fudge, coconut flakes, macadamia nuts and vanilla cake crunch, and a scoop of Banana Fudge, banana ice cream with a generous swirl of fudge woven through it.
This was high quality ice cream.
I could really taste the fresh bananas in the banana ice cream and the fudge swirl was decadent.
Real fudge, like your mom just melted it in a pan and swirled it in the ice cream for you.
The Kauai was good too, but it wasn't for me.
Too much going on, the coffee and the coconut did not mesh, and I could barely taste the macadamia nuts with all the other flavors swirling around.
But all the ingredients were high quality.
Next time, I'm going with the less ambitious white chocolate macadamia, hopefully the macadamia nut flavor will be stronger.
Overall, a great little stop.
I had passed by this place umpteenth times when walking through downtown and I never thought to try it.
Boy, was I missing out.
Thanks Yelp!

Order half the size of what you actually want.
One scoop equates to about two.
The prices are fair and they have some unique flavors to try if you don't mind traveling through the smokey casino to the location hidden away on the second floor.
Price was fair for how much they give you.
I saw a little girl who got shaved ice that was about 6" taller than the cup they served it in.
My girlfriend is a true ice cream lover and mentioned "its good, but its no baskin robbins" for what that is worth.
I had the banana Carmel chocolate chip.
It was good, but I'm not an ice cream lover so I don't get excited about such things.

12.5.13.
Throwback to Thanksgiving vacay...and everytime we hit up downtown Vegas, a stop at Lappert's is a MUST!!
Hands down, some of the best ice cream ever with some unique flavors too!
If you want the full, Lappert's experience splurge a little for two scoops AND the waffle cone; you won't regret it!
(~$7)  Fav flavor is the Kona Coffee (I know, generic)...this past time they ran out and had to settle for Kauai Pie?--sort of a coffee rocky road, which I sadly did not enjoy as much as I hoped.
I knew I should have gone with the Matcha (green tea)!
I believe they do close a little "early" for Vegas time...so make sure you take a break between the gambling to have a treat ;)  Yelp 365 Challenge: #338/365

OMG!
if your're looking for a REAL OLD SCHOOL SCOOP of ice cream then you must come here!
their 2 scoops looked like 4 scoops!
hahaha... they have really good hawaiian flavors!
i had the chocolate macadamia nut and coconut pineapple ice creams!
oh geez it was to die for!
i felt like i was back in my childhood days!

The Kauai Pie was good.
Their scoops are good portions.
I was expecting a cold stone type of place but it's not.
No creative combinations or anything just scoops of ice cream.

I love Lapperts!
So much that I won't complain about having to park at a hotel down town just to go here.
Their flavors are truly special and their recipe is definitely my favorite of all places.
The price is justified in that it is a hotel in Downtown Vegas and that it is specialty Hawaiian flavors with real ingredients from the islands.
Try Kaui Pie and the Chocolate ice cream with Oreos.
AMAZING!

Painfully slow wait for dessert on a Sunday evening- only one woman (Marie) was running the store, and she took a good 5 minutes for each group of customers.
I guess that's not entirely her fault, as most patrons were in a group rather than flying solo with simple orders.
That being said, had I not gone out of my way to pick this particular place for dessert, I would not have waited 20 minutes for the misunderstanding and resulting overpriced dessert that occurred when I came here.
Prices in general are good: $3/single scoop, just under $4 for a waffle cone scoop, $2.25 for additional scoops, and various other prices for products such as coffee, ice cream cookie sandwiches (which were frickin' enormous and about $4, I think).
I opted for a small cup of the cookie crunch and the Kauai pie, only to receive two separate small cups with a heaping scoop each.
I clarified my order, and she simply put both giant scoops in one giant Styrofoam container,  for a $5.25 serving that could easily feed an entire family.
Overall, the cookie crunch was less flavorful than I expected for a rich chocolate ice cream that incorporated macerated Oreos.
It wasn't bad, just underwhelming.
Sadly, by the time I got home to freeze the gigantic remaining portion of my order, the Kauai flavor had mixed with the other and it was difficult to tell them apart- that being said, the coffee flavor was distinct, the fudge was downright decadent, and the coconut added good texture.
As others have said, this ice cream is quality and has a good mouthfeel, no icy bits and it holds up well rather than melting the second it's scooped.
Perhaps station an additional employee here, particularly on weekend evenings.
In the future, I'd try the macadamia nut flavor or one of the coffee-based choices.

I love Lappert's!
The service is a bit slow, there is usually only one person working.
But the ice cream really is great.
The portions are generous, definitely worth it.

Seriously, why have I never noticed this place?!
I've been to the Lappert's in Hawaii and while this doesn't quite give the same pleasure of eating ice cream on the beach, the macadamia nut ice cream is what will have me coming back for more.
I usually make a beeline for Aloha Specialties, since usually the line is long and moves slowly.
For my next visit, I've decided on a new strategy, dessert while waiting in line to place my order at Aloha.
My favorite is the original macadamia nut and chocolate macadamia nut ice cream.
The buttery, nutty goodness of the macadamia nut flavor pairs so well with ice cream!

My friend and I felt like ice cream but our hotel didnt have any so we looked up a few places...heard about Lapperts from Hawaii from a local vegas friend and so we headed to the california hotel...  there was one employee working and only like 3 other customers...it took about 20 mins to get our orders complete...she was def working on island time, as it seemed forever...but its ok we werent in a rush...1 scoops is 3.50 but a banana split was 6.00 so we shared a banana split...they have some cool hawaiian flavors ( i forget but lots of coconut and kona types ) which are all really rich and awesome!!!
after scooping our 3 items and adding the toppings, the worker went to pull out a coffee filter...i'm thinking, is she trying to multitask right now, but it was for holding the banana split b/c it was massive!!!
cant handle the sugar overload, next time need to ask for the toppings and whipped cream on the side or jes get the single scoop  went to play some craps on the way out and won 85 bucks...turned out to be a free ice cream trip and some gas money!!

Why is this ice cream so good?
Maybe its cause its so creamy.
Maybe its cause the people serving it are always cool.
Maybe its cause we're in vegas and we think everything tastes better.
Whatever it is, I'm a fan.
And as much as I always taste other flavors, I tend to always get the coconut pineapple.
Good stuff!

Delicious ice cream and huge serving size!
Macadamia nut in different flavors of ice cream!
A dream come true!

