I love this place!!
They have bagels on weekend mornings.
You can get them plain with just cream cheese or made into delectable sandwiches.
It's an easy decision to chose this place rather than McDonald's across the street!
I haven't had a chance to try much of their other foods, but the dolmas are some of the best I have had and a very good price.
You can order 6 to go for around $2.50.
There are a lot of vegetarian options as well.
Their baklava is homemade and absolutely divine (not to mention beautiful)  The staff is very friendly and after you have been there a couple of times they will remember you, which I like.

I was eating lunch here on a consistent basis for a few months until I moved.
After a substantial hiatus, I decided to pay this old friend a visit.
Upon entering the cafe, the owner immediatly recognized me and said, "I have something for you!
" and ran into the back to fetch a sweater I had left here FOUR MONTHS EARLIER!
Sure, it stunk like it had been deep fried, but I was pretty amazed that they a) remembered me, b) held onto an article of my clothing for so long.
But I digress- the food here is fresh and consistently tasty, and (obviously) the couple that own and run the place are super friendly.
They cook up the best falafel I've had in Vegas, these aren't the usual crusty balls of powdered chickpea and celery salt deep fried until they're but a memory of vegetable many understand to be falafel.
They are fresh, bright green balls with bits of parsley and cilantro clearly visible when you bite into them.
They also serve great Greek fries, shawarma that is neither dry nor greasy, and good homemade lentil stew.
Ample indoor seating, limited outdoor seating.
Pet friendly!

Really nice folks and tasty good food.
Be ready for the couple that run this place to start greeting you like family after a visit or two.
I love to drop in for some chicken kebabs with a good curry flavor.
All kinds of fantastic food cooked right there.

Love this place.
It's probably what you would call a hole in the wall, but aren't those places usually the best?
Both owners, wonderful people, always remember you, always smile and always go out of their way to accommodate you.
You want to swap sides?
No problem.
I always eat lamb strips over Basati rice with lentils and roasted onions.
I swap the cucumber sauce with a homemade red sauce with lots of garlic and sauteed onions.... Too big to eat and I take it home for only $6.
I top it off with homemade tapioca pudding, topped with cinnamon and Pistachios.
Sometimes I go in for a morning bagel.
They recently switched to a different bakery and man..... those bagels are phenomenal.
You can get them plain, cream cheese, different kind of egg sandwiches or some unusual ones such as the Hudson, which is Salmon, Cream Cheese, Capers and Cucumbers.
Such a treat.
Hope they will be around for a while since the economy is tough and lots of places around them don't make it.
Location is good, NW corner of Lone Mountain and Decatur, right across from Vons.
Go there and see for yourself that the smallest places usually come with the biggest surprises.

We ordered the soup with some kind of ground wheat (forgot the name), lamb & beef plate thing, beef kabob, and pistachio baklava.
Everything was pretty good except for the kabobs.
The meat was super tough and the rice that came with it was pretty bland.
When I told the guy owner he replied with,"Well, it's beef.
" as if that's how beef is supposed to be.
But I digress since we did stop there at closing time.
Both owners were super friendly too, they even let us sample some of the beef & lamb thing before we ordered anything.
I'll definitely be back to try some of the other stuff they have.

I've been going to this restaurant for 4 years, and I can't say enough about it.
It's not just that the food is awesome (best french fries ever) but the owners have remembered me every single time I come in.
They remember what I usually order, and what my partner usually orders.
I've only had a problem with food once (I didn't like my soup) and the owner replaced it happily for me.
It's so rare for me in Las Vegas to be genuinely valued and treated nicely when I go out to eat, and I'd rather spend what little money I earn at this Mom & Pop restaurant than somewhere like Applebee's.
When I walk in here, it's like visiting a friend's house.
You must go!

Warm friendly family owned restaurant.
Food is very fresh and good.
I would definitely go back and eat.
Very authentic.
Yummy!

My wife and have regular date nights here.
We share the greek fries.
We both get the combo plate and go home with leftovers.
The gyros are great, but welove the mousaka.
The baklava is wonderful too.
The owners are very friendly and accomodating.

This was our first time, we were very impressed w gyro.
We had many of these in Europe, these were the best we have had since.
We will be back for sure.

If you are (for some reason like the DMV) in this area, hungry or not, stop in.
Even if you are just on the North end of town, stop in.
Or if you are an enthusiast on family owned, cute, mom and pop businesses where mom makes the Baklava (and probably everything else) herself!
Love this place as much for the food as for the people.
Very personable Greek couple who just own a Greek cafe and Bagel place.
So much fun to talk to and if you have time on a slow afternoon to sit and chat I would say go for it.
The gyro sandwich is probably the biggest I have had, and good flavor.
Not the best I have had, but a very close runner up.
The pita bread is the real winner, soft but oh so good.
They also serve seasoned fries alongside-tasty.
BAKLAVA!!
BAKLAVA!!
Pistachio AND walnut.
We took home three of each and definitely the best baklava I have ever eaten.
I'm no expert on it, but loved them both.

We LOVE going here not only for the food but for the conversation.
The couple who owns Baladie are from Algiers and treat you like family.
The Mrs. is usually in the back cooking away, and the Mr. chats with us about foreign affairs (he's an admitted news addict).
Highly recommend the gyros (they're huge!
), seasoned fries, and authentic hummus.

Finally Angela H. and I made it to this place.
We have come on a Sunday not knowing they were closed.
Damn!
The couple who run the place is lovely, just warm people.
They were happy to know they are liked on Yelp and that we were taking pictures to Yelp it up later.
It was cute.
I got myself a lamb and beef shawarma and a side of dolmas with a drink for $10.80!
That is crazy good of a price.
Normally most places that would run me close to $20 since dolmas is usually $6, not $2.99.
My shawarma was big, had my lamb and beef, lettuce, cucumber, tomatoes, a bit of chili for some heat, hummus and tahini sauce.
Came with a pickle on the side and it tasted homemade.
This was a solid choice-nicely seasoned meat and good hummus.
I loved my dolmas- they were fresh...Sometimes I think some places serve canned dolmas, but these were definitely handrolled, not mushy inside and the leaves aren't broken and still had bite.
Since we told them about Yelp (he was looking on his laptop while we ate and suggested he register as the owner so he can comment to people) the couple gave us a baklava each.
That was nice of a gesture and we definitely enjoyed it.
Yummy!
It had the right amount of sweet and buttery to it....I will be buying a box to take home next time!
We also promised the Mr. we'll come back to talk politics and we won't get butthurt about opposing opinions with him.
It'll be fun.
We just got enamored with our convo topic that we just yakity yaked....That's another plus- don't feel rushed here, feel like we can sit here for hours and they would actually enjoy peoples presence instead of see us as loiters.
Definitely a spot with that "mom and pop" hospitality.
Will be bringing the BF to see what he thinks so we will put 4.5 stars simply since it's "to be continued".

Tried the gyro, it wasn't bad but it wasn't special IMO.
It was a good price, about $5.50 I think, which may be why I was still a little hungry afterwards.
I guess a $8-9 gyro should have almost twice as much meat, but even taste vs taste, I probably wouldn't come here again for a gyro.
I did not try any other food there though, which I am sure would have been good.
Maybe one day I will be more brave and try new med food.
Another tiny complaint, we came in on a weekend around lunchtime 130-2pm, and we were the only people there, even after we were done with our food.
After we ordered, the owners or people working the front disappeared and I never saw them after they dropped off the food.
They didn't ask how the food was, and we didn't have the chance to say thank you, since they left and never came back out LOL

I love this place!
I have only had a few things, because I am a creature of habit.
Love their gyro wraps and special seasoned fries.
I also like the sauce that comes with the fries.
Service is fantastic, because they are so friendly and genuinely happy for the business here.
I think it is a litle odd that they ask if you want feta cheese on the gyros.
I have never tried it that way and have been eating gyros all of my life.
I guess that's their upsell?
Not sure.
I keep meaning to try their house-made bagels, but I never get there early enough.
I laugh when I go there because their espresso machine has been broken the whole time I have been going there (about four years).
The baklava is super good.

First off the owners of this joint make you feel like friends the moment you walk in and the food matches their warmth!
If you like GOOD Mediterranean food this is the place for you.
I had the shawerma with the spicy humus and it was top notch.
The pitas and humus were great and the meat very flavorful.
My wife had the gyro wrap with the lamb and commented that it was the best gyro she has ever had.
To finish we got the pistachio and walnut baklava, I was in heaven.
It has been a long times since I have enjoyed food this good and hospitality this friendly.
We will be making Baladie Cafe one of our regular stops!

I brought the BF for lunch...poor thing has been sick and needs some good,simple, healthy foods.
We split:  A falafel wrap- yummy.
Fresh falafel, cucumbers, onions, lettuce, hummus, chili sauce.
The falafel is fresh made and not some box mix.
A Greek plate which has spanakopita, moussaka, gyro meat, tzatsiki, 2 dolmas, fetta cheese, half greek salad, pita bread.
The spanakopita was wrapped individually in phyllo and not cut out of a casserole.
I like theirs- it's not greasy like other places.
The moussaka came as a surprise....most places it's so dry and taste like it sat around.
This was saucy and had a nice balance of spices....I would actually order a whole portion here, which I have never done.
I made little sandwiches with the gyro, pita, tomatoes and olive on the plate and tzatziki- all good.
Dolmas here are great.
I bought a box of baklava to take home.
I like that they don't over pour honey on the layer of nuts since that usually makes it so hard to bite through.
It's just right amounts of everything.
Me loves.
So glad I was able to come back...it's been a while since my first visit though I promised to be back!
Better late than never, but the next visit should come sooner.

This is my favorite las vegas restaurant.
Amira is the best cook in the world!.
I wish that I could still enjoy their delicious home cooked food.

I forgot to mention Asi, he is a very sociable and enjoyable person to talk to and will always engage in a nice conversation with you on a very wide range of subjects.
Get the rice pudding!
its unbelieveable and the turkish coffee.

I was next door at Ace Hardware and cold not resist the urge for baba ganoush and tabouli, so I stopped in to get some to bring back home.
These two items are usually my barometers for a Mediterranean joint.
The owners are wonderful and very friendly - and so I really wanted to like to food better.
The baba ganoush was good, but not great, and the tabouli was just edible.
The diet coke was flat.
I hope I have a chance to come back, because I really want to like this place more.
Next time I'll sit and stay, and order a real meal.

My husband and I both loved this place.
I used to live in Germany prior to come to the U.S. and middle eastern food is there part of everybody's daily life.
Unfortunately there aren't many places in the states offering this type of food.
We ordered the lamb and beef gyros plate.
It was very flavorful and fresh tasting.
The tzatziki tasted fresh and simply amazing.
We also bought 2 of their baklavas for the road, one with pistachios and one with walnuts.
She told us that she makes them herself.
They were VERY GOOD!

Best baklava and gyros ever!!!
Amazing customer service, real sweet ppl :) stayed for 2 hours talking with owners-- fun, friendly,great hangout

This is a gem.
We are regulars for shwarmas.
But its the fries...oh heavenly fries with the best dipping sauce ever.
Seasoned with herbs.
Oh man.
Homemade baklava ..in walnut or (oh joy and rapture) pistachios.
I thought that was heaven til I tried the rice pudding.
So Fab.
We also love the Greek salad.
The couple who runs this place have true mom n pop personality.
They run it themselves and start at six am.
Good people.
This is a place to go.
Don't walk...run there!

Oh my heck!
I ate here for the very first time yesterday and was absolutely enchanted by the experience.
Initially, it is an intimate dining experience without any unnecessary trappings.
The restaurant was quiet, clean and comfortable.
The owners are, frankly, as charming as was the food.
The food service was personal and prompt.
They were very attentive to me.
While enjoying the food, I observed several customers enter and interact with them and have the firm conviction they are this way to everyone.
While the interpersonal dynamics alone would be enough to bring me here again, they paled in comparison to the taste of the food.
I decided to try the Greek Sampler Plate to get an overview of what they did well.
On the spur of the moment, I decided to go for a cup of the Shorba soup also.
I was asked if I wanted it spicy and answered in the affirmative.
The soup was incredible!
Halfway through I was regretting not ordering a bowl of it.
The "heat" was barely noticeable, but enough to accentuate the subtle nuance of the broth.
I drained that cup just as the Greek salad was brought to the table.
The salad was perfectly dressed.
All the greens were covered in a perfectly light but flavorful dressing--not saturated in it.
The salad was much bigger than I had anticipated and I was concerned about my ability to finish the rest of my meal.
Nevertheless, I endured and am glad I did.
The dolma was tasty, the potato-eggplant dish was divine, but the topper was the gyro meat which was the BEST I have ever tasted in my life!
I told my wife I would swear off carne asada forever if I could guarantee a constant source of this meat.
Alone or with Tzatziki sauce it was incredible.
I knew I couldn't adequately explain to my wife how good this food was, so I decided to save some of it for her.
Unfortunately, I just kept noshing on the meat until I had only a very little left.
I will definitely be back here often.
If you like good greek food at a very reasonable price.
This is the place to go!

This is what YELP is for and the Baladie cafe is for Yelpers!
I can really appreciate a small privately owned place.
I appreciate a place where the owners appreciate my business.
It is a small place in a Vons plaza - but the Vons is closed.
I have been by here a million times but never even thought about going in here for lunch.
It is a tiny place with 5 or 6 tables.
They have mediterranean food and greek food.
I had the Gyro plate with some fries.
The fries were seasoned and served with a flavorful dipping sauce.
The Gyro plate had all the fixins for a gyro but it was unassembled.
I liked putting it together.
All the ingredients were fresh and flavorful.
This place offers a great value.
The food is quality eats... something you would expect in a finer establishment with higher prices.
So for a quick serve place and quick serve prices - you get great food, real plates, and great service!
Since I live in the general area it was refreshing to find a mom and pop joint mixed in with all of the chain restaurants.
(I have been staring at my computer debating whether I should do 4 or 5 stars...)

Looking for that amazing little Medditerranean hole-in-the wall that everyone should definitely know about?
Then Baladie Cafe is it!
They have a big selection on their menu that includes items from NY deli style bagels to authentic Green dolmas (that are a way better deal than the dolmas you find at Whole Foods).
The best part is that you are greeted directly by the owners who are an amazingly nice couple that truly do appreciate their customers.
I had the Lamb and Beef Shwarma easy spicy with red onions.
Loaded with hummus and lamb and beef, this wrap is amazing and a great portion.
The pita is so soft and delicious.
My fiance got the Lamb and Beef Gyro (which I got a laugh at the phonetic spelling they had to include on the menu) with feta which also is pretty sizable.
You can taste the tzatiki and the feta and all the ingredients with each bite.
We also got an order of the herb fries which comes with an amazing herb sauce.
The food is delicious at a great price.
You can call ahead for faster orders.
I am definitely trying the dolmas and baklava and spanikopita the next time (and there will definitely be a next time and bringing friends).
I just want to try everything!

Great gyros especially with the spicy sauce added but the fries seem to be a touch better great place

Looking for memorable food then go to the Baladie Cafe.
No only is the food yummy, the family that runs it couldn't be more nice.
We hadn't been there in 6 months, due to not dinning out as much and we were called by our first names.
The gyros with fries are a must, but be sure to try the dolmas and homemade baklava.
You will not be disappointed.

I could give 'Baladie Cafe' 5 stars, simply because of the owners.That being said, the food here is good enough to back up that 5 star rating!
This is the kind of restaurant Yelp was created for.
It's small, privately owned, and nowhere near where tourist's of Las Vegas would think to look.
Once somebody does find this resturant however they seem to become a ''regular.
'' I go here multiple times a week for breakfast, lunch, or dinner and I often see many familiar faces.
The two most familiar being the 2 owners who are always happy, friendly, and willing to chat with customers if wanted.
Now, on to the food!
If I was going to tell you the best items of the menu I would have to, literally, copy the entire menu in this review.
It may seem like an exaggeration but I've never heard of anyone not liking something they tried here.
I often come in for breakfast and get a bagel sandwich.
(they are leaps and bounds above Dunkin' Donuts or anywhere like that.
) They are made to order and the bagels are delicious.
Two lunch favorites of mine are the "Rotisserie Chicken" and the "Mediterranean Grilled Chicken Sandwich" - extra spicy.
Both are extremely tasty.
(...it's 2am and now I am hungry thanks to this review.
)   In short - if you are a local - or a tourist - looking for homemade Mediterranean food, Greek food, or a damn good breakfast sandwich, in a city riddled with big chain restaurants, you need to get to Baladie Cafe!

First off all I have been eating at this restaurant for over 5 yrs and have never had a bad meal there.
These are my personal fav's the roasted chicken and greek salad dish easily big enough for 2 people, the fresh 2.99 humus?
how can you go wrong.
Kind of sucks that our secret place is getting popular.

I love the chicken shawerma!
I absolutely loved it!
Just thought I would say it twice!
The Baladie Cafe has a very friend and up beat staff.
The food was awesome and I was so pleased we stopped in!
Definitely going back as soon as I can and I hope everyone will  give it a try!

What a gem!
This place was great.
Great food (I got the greek platter and wife got the mediterranean platter), great price (only$ 24 for two including drinks), and the owners are very friendly and inviting (they make you feel like your business is truly appreciated).
More establishments should be like Baladie.
Glad we went out of our way to try this place after reading similarly glowing reviews on yelp.
Opa!

The staff was very pleasant.
Walked in and asked for what is popular and help finding something that would please my taste buds.
The gentleman behind the counter helped my girlfriend and I out.
We were looking at the pictures on yelp and decided to get baklava for dessert after we finished our chicken shawerma w/feta and lamb and beef gyro w/feta wraps.
We were pleasantly filled and got the pistachio baklava to go.
The entire meal was super tasty and filling!!!
You must check this place out, customer service and great food are awaiting your visit.

I have been coming here for about 3 years now.
It was one of the best finds of all time.
Haseem & Ameara (sp) are the best at making you feel at home and the food is beyond excellent.
I get the grilled chicken with a greek salad and their french fries.
Holy cow, what a treat.
Although this is a tiny little place, it is all heart.
Love you guys.

The owners were very excited that we had come in!
they made it easy and had great recommendations.
One of the best gyros ive ever eaten with a nice side of mint ice tea!

Wow, the other reviewers really aren't kidding when they say the owners of this restaurant are super nice and helpful!
I'm no Mediterranean food connoisseur so it was kind of relieving when I walked in Baladie Cafe and wasn't pressured to order quickly or expected to know how to pronounce everything on the menu!
Anyway, I ordered my food to-go which it's recommended that you call ahead and place your order but since they don't have a copy of their menu online, first-time customers have to go in and order and wait.
(They have paper menus you can take home with you).
The wait isn't suspiciously fast by any means, it's just long enough for you to study the menu, read through your Facebook newsfeed and catch up on Words with Friends.
I got the Mediterranean platter ($8.99), the Greek Sampler platter (10.99), a side of seasoned fries ($1.60) and the lamb&beef shawerma ($5.50).
The Mediterranean platter is very flavorful and seems more like a healthy snack-plate or a small appetizer to share.
It's a vegetarian platter that includes pita bread, hummus, babaghanouj (seasoned mashed eggplant), falafels (deep fried mashed chickpeas), dolmas (stuffed grape leaves), tabouli (finely chopped parsley, tomatoes, cucumbers and bulgar wheat), and a little lettuce, tomato, cucumber, pickle, olives and feta cheese off to the side.
I would definitely get this again!
The Greek Sampler platter is only $2 more than the Mediterranean platter but it seemed like so much more food!
It includes pitas, a half-size of their Greek salad, spanakopita (like Baklava but bigger & made with spinach instead of honey and nuts), mousaka (cooked eggplant dish), gyro meat, tzatziki (cucumber yogurt sauce), dolmas (stuffed grape leaves), and tomato, olives and feta cheese on the side.
I built my own little pita pockets with the gyro meat, tzatziki, tomato and feta, plus I added a bit of the tabouli from the Mediterranean plate.
It was DELICIOUS!
The seasoned fries were okay.
They tasted homemade and sort of... healthy?
I don't know.
Some people may prefer these fries but I like the crispiness and saltiness of fast food fries too much to trade them in for Baladie's fries.
I didn't try the shawerma because it was for my husband and he ate it quickly, but he said it was delicious.
This place was great, the owners were sweet, the food was great.
I will definitely be going back!

I absolutely love this place.
The gyros are great, the hummus is good, the sauce that comes with the greek fries is absolutely amazing (and he won't tell me whats in it!
) ;)  I will be coming back here for a long time.

Baladie Cafe is a diamond in the rough, a true winner in a neighborhood that generally suffers from a lack of great cuisine.
Thanks to Jade and my trusted Yelpers for finding this spot.
It's fairly close to my work, and I can't believe I have found it just recently.
I have been twice so far, and each time has gotten better.
First time around I had the Greek Platter, which is a fun sampler of a few different Greek foods.
The pita bread can be separated into a pocket for stuffing your samples.
I enjoyed every bit of it!
The second visit I had the Shawerma wrap with added feta cheese and seasoned french fries, ordered spicy of course.
The wrap comes with a thicker pita bread, pre-wrapped with goodness.
It is basically like a gyro, but with hummus instead of Tzatziki sauce.
I have to say, the hummus is friggin killer here.
I much prefer it over the Tzatziki sauce.
In fact, if I were to find one thing that isn't five star about this place, it would be the Tzatziki sauce.
It is just a little bland to me.
The service is friendly and casual.
This family owned business aims to please.
When we went today with some coworkers, we brought our "meat and potatoes" coworker (basically he has the pallet of a 5 year old).
The owner heard us teasing him as we always do, and when he came to our table to ask if everything was good, he joked, "I'm asking him, not you!
" He already knows I'm a huge fan, and his concern was to please even the pickiest eater!

Baladie Cafe is exactly the kind of restaurant I use Yelp for.
A locally owned place most would pass right over, but for the massive number of positive reviews.
I was not disappointed by the food.
One caveat before my review; I am not knowledgeable about Mediterranean food, so my review is based solely on taste, and nothing on authenticity.
You can get pita wraps, kabobs, spanakopita, moussaka, and platters with a mix of food.
Wanting to try a bit of everything, I went with the Greek Sampler.
It came with: 1) Half Greek salad - good flavor on the dressing, but don't expect many toppings.
2) Spanakopita - Savory pastry with spinach, quite good 3) Moussaka - An eggplant dish, I don't like eggplant but the meat & potatoes were flavorful 4) Pita, Gyro meat, Tzatziki sauce - Best Gyro meat I've had, nice taste on the sauce 5) Dolmas (2) - Rice & flavoring wrapped in Grape leaves - Soft rice, nice taste  The highlight of the night had to be the pistachio baklava.
Not too sweet, and not too dry.
I ordered 2, and almost went back for more they were so good.
I'm trying to decide how often I can go back before it gets to be weird.
Once you've been once, you can call ahead for your order, but they have very quick service even when you walk in.
I will definitely be going back soon to try something else.

Great food and a very nice couple that runs the place like a family dining room.
We can't wait to go back.
Baladie Cafe is a great locally-owned spot for those of us on the north side of the valley...no need to drive to The Strip.

We love this place and have been here at least 8 times since finding it on yelp in the summer.
The food is soooo yummy!
We have tried a few different things all good but I can't get past the falafel.
Also love the couple who own this place!

After a second visit to this place I must say I was very pleased again.
The lady who works there is super friendly and makes you feel very welcome.
Definitely recommend this place.

5 stars for the hands down best Greek/Mediteranian food in Las Vegas..
The owners.. Amira and Hocene are the most  charming wonderful people and Amiras cooking is like coming home to moms house and having a home cooked meal.
Everything is made fresh and made with love.
If you live in Vegas , you will be hooked after the 1st time.
I will never eat at Paymens or other so called Greek restaurants in Vegas again.
Anything you order here is great!!

Absolutely delicious, homemade Greek food, and the owners are wonderful!
They even have several vegetarian dishes on the menu.

Whenever I feel like a having a pita wrap I go here for their gyro's and shawerma.
Love their seasoned fries with dipping sauce.
But with the new year, I'm cutting back on the fries.
I need to explore their other selections.
The owner's here are extremely nice.
I'll be back many times.

This place is great.
Great food,service and everyone is right, the people who run this place are a delightful couple.

I moved to Vegas from Detroit about seven years ago, and one of the few things I miss is really good Greek and Mediterranean food.
I've tired just about every Greek place I can find in this city, but I've been totally spoiled by Greektown and Dearborn's fantastic authentic Mediterranean cuisine.
Everything I've found up to this point has ranged from "meh" to outright inedible.
Baladie Cafe, however, is the first (and only) place I've found in Vegas that really feels like a taste of home.
The owners are very friendly, and it's got that great "hole-in-the wall" vibe that makes it feel like a real hidden gem.
Their gyro meat is spectacularly seasoned, and I'm convinced that they're the only people within 300 miles that understand that "spanakopita" is not the Greek word for "cheap dog food.
" Best of all, their prices are so reasonable that Baladie Cafe doesn't need to be a rare treat.
This is one lunch spot I'll be visiting a lot from now on.

Places like this are why I love yelp.
With less than an hour for lunch while visiting from out of town, my wife and I were delighted to find this place.
We shared a delicious lamb kabob - perfectly marinated and tender, with a simple rice pilaf and pita on the side.
Super friendly owners, who answered all of our questions with grace and humor.
Nice to know the lamb is halal.

Why did it take me so long to write a review for this place......I've been in love with it for years!
Truly a little gem in the northwest.
The couple/owners are so inviting and do always remember your face or name.
The salad is to die for.....I'm not kidding, it's probably the best, most consistantly yummy greek salad I've had.
Always fresh cool and crisp and the greek dressing mixed with feta crumbles really just take it over the top.
Try the lamb and beef schwerma....yum the hummus just completes the flavors of this wrap.
Their kabobs with the basmati rice and side of seasoned tomato sauce is also a favorite of mine.
Ooooops.....cannot forget their ahhhhhhmazzzing fries with the special seasoning that is truly addicting.
Can't say enough about this place.
I'm lucky to live and work in the area so I visit as often as my tummy tells me to, which is a lot!
Support your locals!

1 star = Terrible.
Multiple things went wrong.
Never going back.
2 star = Not good.
I will not go back, but it wasnt absolutely awful.
3 star = Good, not great.
I wouldnt go out of my way, but I *would* go back.
4 star = Excellent food.
I really liked it.
I could be a regular here.
5 star = Phenomenal food.
Something truly special here.
We really loved Baladie Cafe!
The food was delicious and the owner and his wife were super nice.
We had the gyro plate, the shawarma plate, and the grape leaves and it was all awesome.
The baklava was PERFECT.
Baklava can be too moist or too dry, but BC's was just right.
The only reason that we might consider trying another Greek place is that BC is kind of a haul from Summerlin, but the owners were so nice I would feel like I was cheating on them :)  Dont hesitate to try this place.

Get the number 2 platter :) delicious.

We tried this place on a whim, but what a reward it turned out to be.
A really nice couple owns and operates it; they'll help you make sense of anything and make you feel like family.
We stayed and ate in, but I watched three or four other folks stop in for take out.
She knew every single one and knew what they usually ordered.
This place is the real deal and the food is spectacular.
I'll be back again and again.

Absolutely fantastic food at a great price.
Wonderfully helpful and kind people who know how to make awesome, authentic med food.
Such a cool and neat little place!!
They can even cater events... we recently had them cater for my office and they went way above and beyond what we needed....and the price was right!
Can't beat this place!

I go to this place about once a month on average.
I love their gyros and the mom and pop customer service.
The seasoning on their fries is so good.
The espresso machine is still not working!
It doesn't have the ambiance of a place like Paymon's, but the food is so much better.

fantastic, and such nice owners!!

I hate to give this place a mediocre review since it's so highly recommended on yelp, but there were some problems with our meal so I'll give it 3 Stars with the hope that maybe we did dine at BC on an off day.
-Scwherma platter with chicken: the pita bread was TOUGH.
It was hard to tear, let alone chew.
Wasn't fresh, was probably sitting out for a day or two.
Also, the chicken was ok.
Looked like something just thrown in the oven and baked.
No color, not grilled, not much flavor, just plain, but atleast it wasn't dry.
-Gyro wrap: They should call this a veggie wrap with some lamb.
Overloaded with cucumbers and tomatoes to hide the fact that there was hardly any meat inside.
Very disappointing.
However, the spicy sauce was pretty good and the pita bread used for the wrap was much better.
Soft like what pita bread should be.
-Herb fries: awesome!
French fries covered in herbs.
Best part of the meal.
But I wouldn't come back just for the fries.
The owners were extremely nice and I almost feel guilty that I didn't like the food, but I've had better Greek food so I probably won't be back.

Sometimes, you just need to satisfy the gyro fix.
This is a great spot for it.
Very quaint little spot, tucked away in an inconspicuous location.
The staff is friendly and the food is just delicious.
Nothing fancy here.
Cafeteria style ordering, simple tables and chairs, and served with plastic utensils.
That's good enough for me.

Crazy yummy, pretty veggie friendly, and the owners are two of the nicest people you'll meet!
I have yet to have anything here that I didn't love.
Highly recommend the falafel platter.

Awesome little mom and pop place.
I never knew I liked lamb until I had one of their gyros.
They've been there for 6 years apparently and I never knew.

My wife and I came in after seeing great reviews and they were well deserved.
We told the owner that it was our first time and he told us about the place and the most popular order (lamb and beef gyro).
He even prepared a sample of the meat before we ordered it.
Very friendly and the gyro was delicious with cucumber dill sauce.
My wife ordered a chicken sandwich which was delicious too.
Then we got dessert.
I had rice pudding and my wife had baklava, both were very good.

Wow!
I was in this part of town and needed a place to eat.
Yelp came through again.
Super friendly owner and the moussaka was amazing.
The Greek salad was also insanely good.
They also have some unique items, such as herb pita bread - pita bread stuffed with a mixture of herbs.
Very tasty.
Their tzatziki was kind of bland, but everything else was amazing.

Wonderful restaurant.
I have eaten my birthday meal here for the last 3 years.
The falafel is outstanding.
The couple who own and operate the restaurant are genuinely friendly and kind.

Their customer service is great!
The owner and his wife are very sweet.
We had a gyro, a shawarma, and fries.
There was a sauce that the wife makes for the fries and it is out of this world!

So Yummy!
Really the best gyros with some spicy sauce they pour over the meat is divine!
They also have some out of this world bagels with a to die for green sauce.
My 18 month old son will even eat Anything on their menu!
Now if that doesn't seal the deal I don't know what will!
The owners are so lovely and sweet, but just enough.
Sometimes I'll go to other places but they're overly nice and talk forever, not them.
It's just perfection!
Definitely pronounced a good day when my son and I go!

Loved it!
Loved the food, loved the people.
If you don't live in the area it's worth the drive to check out.
Gyros are amazing.

Some of the best Mediterranean food out here.
My bf and I have been looking for healthier options when going out to eat and the food here fits that description perfectly.
Everything tasted fresh.
Nothing greasy or stale about it.
We can't wait to go back.
The owners were really nice too!
Anyone looking to try a new place should definitely stop by.

Absolutely love this place.
I have a hard time getting my husband to try new things, and he LOVES this place.
The gyros are to die for, great meat, the pitas are soft and everything just blends together so well.
The herb fries with the sauce they give you is phenomenal.
I am a die hard fan of baklava and a lot of places just dont make it well, well they do, and I love both the walnut and pistachio baklavas.
Greek salad has great flavor and very good, I crave it!
The Rotisserie chicken is very moist as well.
Definitly got to try this place.
Yes they are closed on Sundays, but who cares, go on another day!!!!

Had lunch here yesterday (9/13/12) after a friend of a friend recommended it.
I'll admit we had reservations as it is tucked into the corner of a strip mall that has seen better days and is rather small but let me tell you, location and size aside, this place is a gem!!!
My friend and I  both ordered the Gyros (her-chicken, mine was traditional).
The pita was so soft and tasted wonderful.
The meat was really good but it was the tzatsiki sauce that was pure magic!!!
I ordered a side of fries that also came with a different but super yummy sauce.
You must try the mint iced tea-it is perfect without any sweetener.
The owners were very friendly and gracious and you almost felt like you were in their home.
I was drooling over a roasted chicken platter that another table had ordered.
I'm anxious to try the Moussaka, the Spanakopita and the aforementioned chicken.
I have a strong feeling this will be my Thursday lunch place!

My wife and I are new in town, and we were looking for a new place to eat.
So I looked on trusty Yelp for some suggestions.
This place was the highest rated food in 20 miles, so I knew we had to go.
Incredibly glad we did!
We both had the lamb & beef gyro's (YEE-RO!
) and a side of fries, and they were EPIC!
Incredibly fresh, and fulll of flavor.
The guy that took our order, who I assume was the owner was HILARIOUS and added to the great experience.
He even gave us some sage advice for living in Las Vegas that was accurate and funny.
We will definitely go back, and DEFINITELY recommend it to anyone looking for some amazing food!
Thanks Yelp!

When it comes to Greek food this place is 2 legit to quit.
I'm assuming that the folks that are working in there most of the time are the owners.
They are extremely hospitable and friendly!
The food here is awesome!
The Gyro's are my favorite and are a must have with some of the seasoned fries.
Oh man and the sauce they give you with the fries, I don't know what's in it but it's heavenly and I could eat it by the gallon.
I love supporting mom and pop shops like this and will visit this place again and again.
And the Baklava is a must have to top off your fabulous Greek fare :)

Go To Place for Gyros.
This place does a gyro wrap instead of a pita folded in half and I LOVE it.
So much easier to eat and bigger too.
If you are in the mood for a little change on your gyro get it spicy and with feta.
My husband always gets extra meat and the wrap is huge, two hander.
We try to keep it kind of healthy and avoid the greek fries, but I highly suggest those too.
I constantly crave their baklava.
She makes a pistachio and the standard Walnut.
Everything is homemade!
The prices are great and you get so much food.
I also suggest calling your order in.
Don't be discouraged by the phone greeting, sometimes the owners greeting can be kind of hard to understand.
Owner's are really great people.!
The perfect Mom and Pop place.
I would say the only negative is the place is closed on Sundays.
And I tend to find myself craving this place on Sundays!

Baladie Café is what you get when one of the nicest families you will ever meet move to Las Vegas from Algeria and decide to open a Mediterranean place featuring classic dishes from Greece, Lebanon and Egypt prepared in an authentic style that oozes fresh, clean flavors!
I was so happy to come by this place thanks to Yelp!
I started with a gyro.
It was one of the more balanced gyros I have ever had.
It is not a carnivorous indulging as the typical American version, but what it lacks in quantity of meat it makes up for  again and again in flavor and...wait did I already say balance?...but that is the perfect word!
The perfect amount of fresh veggies, meat, and sauce!
Their gyros come on traditional Arabic flat bread rather than the pita many of us are used to...which allows for a more harmonious experience of ingredients.
I also enjoyed their hummus.
I asked for it a little spicy and they added some olive oil soaked, chopped serrano peppers...too perfect for me!
I tried a friend's tabouli salad...it was on point as well.
They know their classics!
Finally, I asked about their falafel....just inquired.
The owner asked if I wanted to try one, had his wife make one fresh, and brought it out.
It was one of the better falafels I have had.
I would certainly order them in the future...especially in a wrap!
I almost forgot about the unsweetened mint Ice tea!
Beautiful, traditional, fresh, bright, clean, and tasty.
(I don't normally do sweet teas though, fyi)  The location leaves a little to be desired...It is not in a bad area or anything...just in an older strip mall...a little small and basic on the inside.
Perfect for lunch, not what I'm looking for if I'm going out for dinner...oh yeah, closed on Sundays, so fit it in your schedule Monday - Saturday.

Hm, I'm not sure why this place has such great reviews.
It was definitely just barely "meh.
"  We called in our order for takeout and when we brought it home they had left out one of the gyros wraps.
The meat itself was all dried out.
They did say it was a very slow day, but still...the food should be fresh!
They gave us some pitas to take home in a pita bag from the grocery store.
Seriously?
The dipping sauce for the pitas WAS really great.
Maybe it was an off day?
I don't know.
There are way too many other Greek options in Vegas for me to waste more $ here.

Super friendly place and SHAWARMAS!!!
I haven't had shawarmas since I was in Kuwait and they are excellent at Baladie.
It's a great place that is close to the north end of town.

Don't eat at this place.
The gyro came wrapped in a cold cardboard like pita bread.
I will say the owners wife was very nice but the owner him self being on his lap top was very off putting.
Felt like we were bothering him.
I had some fries as well let's say all 10 fries were tasty I'm guessing they were having a potato shortage with just a hand full of fries.
This place had a very dirty beverage fridge in the public area.
Just not a well put together cafe with very poor food.

We are in the process of moving to our new home in North Las Vegas and found this great little Greek Cafe in our neighborhood.
The owner is a true Gentleman!
Loved the refreshing unsweetened mint tea, the tasty chicken gyro, and the fantastic baklava made with pistachios.
Our only minor complaint is that it is closed on Sunday when folks are looking for an eatery after church.

We have been a at least half a dozen times and loved it each time, the owners are so sweet and helpful with the menu.
We usually get moussaka and maybe a gyro or chicken dish, never have been unhappy with the food.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the garlic fries and that sauce..i could drink it.
I always get extra to dip anything and everything with!!
This is a place we will continue to go to on a regular basis.

We had the best lentil soup I've tasted along with two shwarmas that were fresh and tasty.
The owners were very friendly, we will go back.

This is one of my favorite medateranian food places in all of Las Vegas.
It is family owned and operated, they are both amazing people and super friendly as well as super helpful for the company that you bring for the first time that doesn't know what they want.
I always get the lamb and beef gyros and it never disappointing.
If I was you I'd put it on my vegas bucket list.

I adore this place, the staff is wonderful and the food is amazing!
Definitely one of my favorite places to eat!

Turned on to this place by my landlady and couldn't be happier.
Only been twice and so far have found the owners gracious , the food authentic and delicious  and the prices incredibly low for the quality given.
I will be back and suggest that you give this mom and pop a try.

Delicious food!
Great family place.
The guy always remembers me and my husband and remembers what we order.
The hummus and pita bread is amazing!
We had a greek place when we were stationed in Texas, but now here in Vegas, we were worried there would be to many places to have any place of real worth.
I am so glad we found this place!
This is exactly what we needed.

Awesome food.
Clean.
Friendly.
Family owned.
Get the Turkish coffee and baklava.

Amazing food and the owner is super friendly!!!
Great quality food!!!
By far the best Mediterranean food in town.

This is the real deal.
5 stars all the way.
The proprietor is super friendly, the food is legit and the service is exceptional.
Try the babaghanoush.

Fresh, "real" food made by some of the nicest people in Las Vegas.
Don't be put off by the location in a mall.
The food is one thousand times better than what you'd find in a fancier place.
The difference is in the freshness of the ingredients and the homemade quality.
Try the roasted chicken with paprika and carmelized onions or the chicken skewers with rice.
Also great is the Greek salad, gyro platter, and of course baklava for dessert!
Support small, independent businesses like this one rather than corporate chains that care more about profits than quality.
You will not be disappointed!

I love this place!
It's literally 5 minutes from my house and I frequently go during lunch time.
The pita is soft and fresh, the lamb is tasty, and the food in general is great!
Only downside is there are only about 6 tables available and during lunch hours they are usually all occupied.

amazing home made greek food the hummus is amazing along with the gyro and backlava def a nice hidden little gem out here in the vegas desert

This place has great food.
the owners are super friendly and cook everything to order.
This is the best place to eat within a mile.

In a large plaza, it feels like a hidden gem in Las Vegas, but that can be relative considering that I am from California (population might've thrown my calibration off).
This place is delicious!
The owner is so nice and he does his best to accomodate every customer.
He usually just have one other worker with him, so he's running around and working extremely hard to make sure everyone's needs are met.
I always give lots of respect to small restaurants like this.
The food (schwerma, gyros, everything) is really good and very refreshing.
The prices are decent.
I have not had the lamb yet, so I can't comment whether it is gamy or not.
But the chicken and beef are for sure delicious!
The decor is soo cute!
It makes me feel like I'm in a small town of Greece.
It's very casual too.

I love this place!
The guy is always so friendly and the food is amazing.
Easily one of the best gyros in town.

Lemme start off by saying that this place is the bomb.
I learned about this place through my brother and I gotta say, its one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.
For the price, you can't beat it.
For the delicious food and experience, there is no replacement.
I get treated like family whenever I come in and grab a bite to eat, and it shows in the food.
It is prepared so wonderfully and masterfully that I seriously come here to eat at least twice a week, if not more.
I've gone through everything on their menu and I've never hit a bad spot.
The gyro is amazing, the lamb kebab  is moist, and the spanakopita is spectacular.
I love this place and I love these people.

This plce is great!
My husband found it by accident going to Ace Hardware one day.
We geek the beef & lamb gyro platter with french fries and I love it.
Its the best gyros we have had in North Las Vegas.
The only place that comes close is waaay in Henderson but the friendly customer service here is unmatched!

Going to Baladie Café will be time and money well spent.
My husband and I find ourselves eating here often because the food is consistently fresh, delicious, and always served with kindness.
Two of our favorites are the gyro plate, and the lamb and beef gyro - spicy, with french fries.. yummy!
We always leave Baladie Cafe with full stomachs and happy hearts.

This place gets great reviews so I stopped in.
The customer service is amazing and I haven't even ordered yet!
3 regulars walked in and he already knew what they wanted!

This place is delicious.
I begin to salivate when i anticipate going there for  lunch.
Fresh food and ingredients.
Good friendly service.
This place is run by husband and wife and service can be a little slow, but definitely worth it.

What a super sweet, welcoming place!
The owner was immensely friendly and helpful.
He even opened up my Snapple for me because I had my hands full of baby + copious amounts of baby swag.
So nice!
The shawarma plate was very good, with fresh onions, cucumber, lettuce and tomato.
I appreciated the spicy sauce being placed on the side so that I could experiment with different intensities (the sauce on the side was the owner's idea when I let him know I planned to share the meal with my baby).
The pita might have been fresher and the hummus didn't totally knock my socks off, but the garnish of fresh garlic, cucumber and I-would-love-to-know-what-else on the hummus was delish.
The breakfast menu piqued my interest and I'm looking forward to trying the salmon with lox on another visit...
Excellent customer service was what really left an impression at Baladie Café and it will definitely keep me coming back!

Outstanding that's all I can say!!!
De~Lish!!!!
You gotta try the seasoned fries...with the sauce and whatever else you get you can't go wrong!
Hidden Gem!

After seeing all the great reviews, I had to give it a try.
The owners certainly are lovely people, but I was underwhelmed with the food.
My lunch companion had the sampler plate, and mowed through it pretty well, so it must have been good.
I had the spanakopita, and it was very disappointing.
I made better at home on my first attempt.
Rather than being painstakingly layered, it was just several layers of phyllo stuffed with a spinach filling.
A sad imitation of the masterpiece that they serve at Sultan's Grill in Village Center in Summerlin.
I'm glad that others had a more positive experience, but I don't think I'll go back.
Spanakopita is the litmus test for me, and it failed badly.

Authentic, Flavorful, Hole in the Wall, not in the pocketbook.
4 1/2 stars is more like it.
I found this from a YELP search in the area.
I had passed by this place on a Sunday and missed going here before.
And I admit I was a little anxious just peering in, but it turned out to be a pleasant surprise.
Sometimes I question what gets high ratings on YELP, but no this time.
Yes, it's a mom and pop, authentic hole-in-the-wall kind of establishment.
Which is a plus for me.
I like to support local businesses and not box stores when possible.
And when you look hard enough it is rather easy to do.
Here's why I find this place a go-to, worthwhile regular.
First, the food is so less bland than say, Gyro Time.
Now I like lamb as much as anyone and sometimes get a craving for lamb that Gyro Time fulfills.
But the Gyro's here are much more flavorful.
They have spices, sauces, and heat levels.
They are Gyros Plus.
I found the meat juicy and well cooked.
And the Babaghanouj ( their spelling ) was cooked as it should be, in the skin and salted.
It has a fine tobacco flavor that is usually blenderized out of normal offerings.
It had texture and was rich in flavor.
The Turkish Coffee was herbaceous and a fine compliment to the honey drenched Baklava.
The mouth-feel was as the flavors were; rich, dense, complex.
A fine finish to a solid offering.
We found the owners were engaging and super friendly.
One can't help but linger and enjoy their company.
My wife had plans on kidnapping Her and getting her to exclusively cook for us.
Be aware the décor is Spartan at best and doesn't enhance the experience in the least.
But if you are a Foodie, then this kind of thing is superfluous, though not inconsequential.
Seats matter, but can be ignored for a nice meal.
Oh, and the pricing is reasonable and modest.
Another bonus.
This is also a rarity, a decently priced and fulfilling mom and pop eatery in the NW.
Here we usually have an onslaught of crap like Mimi's.
This is a fresh thing for our tongue and bellies.

Small place mostly for take outs with pretty good food.
I had the tasty gyros plate.
Friendly owner operators.
Location is deep in the plaza that seems to be busier lately.
Place would do betterr if it was well known with a better sign and facing street but nevertheless it has my business.

Baladie Cafe lives up to the reviews!
This Mediterranean place is run by a cute couple who have been at this location for 8 years.
They serve delicious gyros, kabobs, and baklava for a reasonable price.
The owner is also super nice and friendly with his customers.
I am so happy to have tried this gem in the vast empty landscape of North Vegas.
I got the chicken schwarma plate ($7.99) which comes with 4 pita halves, veggies, and hummus.
The chicken was flavorful and moist.
When everything is put together in the pita with the hummus I went to food heaven for a little bit haha.
So good.
My roommate got the lamb gyro plate which was also delish.
The lamb was flavored well without being too salty or dry.
This plate comes with yogurt tzatziki instead of hummus.
The plates don't look like a lot of food but it does fill you up!
I was really impressed that I got so full!
(I have a big appetite).
After the food settled down we had to try their baklava and rice pudding for dessert.
Go big or go home.
The baklava comes in two flavors walnut and pistachio.
We both liked the walnut more.
It was a little more sweet than the pistachio.
Overall both are delicious and have a yummy flaky crust that is hard to beat, but the flavor of the walnut is more of a dessert flavor to me.
The rice pudding was nice to wash the baklava down with.
It wasn't too sweet and it is served cold.
I am definitely coming back to Baladie Cafe!
Can't wait to bring other people here to try their delicious healthy food.

If I could give them 10 stars, I would!
I was craving a falafel and we had seen this place when we were in the area a few days before.
So my husband took me there for lunch.
AWESOMENESS!
I had a fantastic falafel platter.
Flavorful falafels, smooth, creamy hummus, delicious Tahini sauce, fresh veggies and pita bread.
And DO order the mint iced tea.
Yum.
My husband had the Gyro platter with lamb and beef.
He loved it.
We rarely rave about the same place but Baladie had us both talking about when to visit next.
Prices are very reasonable.
The couple that owns the place are super nice.
It is just the kind of Local place we love.
GO.

I'm always a little nervous when my husband brings me to a hole-in-the-wall place, but to my delight this place didn't disappoint!
The owners were incredibly friendly and my gyro was equally tastey.
We were just in the area running an errand and happened upon the joint via Yelp reviews.
If we lived closer I'd say for sure we would be back.
Giving it 4 stars only because the aesthetics weren't great.

Since trying out halal at Halal Guys in NYC, my friends and I have been looking for a place that has good Mediterranean food w/ the same white sauce.
Baladie is not only the closest to having that same white sauce (common tzatziki sauce isn't the same thing), but their food was amazing.
We had the #2, which is a gyro platter w/ a beef/lamb mix for the meat.
We chose rice (good choice in the end) instead of the vegetables.
Best Mediterranean food we've had in town.
Also, their baklava is going to have me dreaming about it for the next few weeks.
The guy (I'm assuming the owner, along w/ his wife?
) was super friendly and had a good sense of humor, to go along w/ great customer service.
Definitely a 5 star place that I'll be hitting up again in the future.

I come here often and the food is always amazing.
Try the lamb and beef gyros (spicy) or the rotisserie chicken.
You will not be disappointed.
Also best tzatziki sauce I have ever had.
The owners always remember you after your first visit and see always happy to see you again.

This place is wonderful!
The food was excellent and the owners were so sweet!
I already want to go back!

Mid morning, searching for a place that was open...not really sure what I was in the mood for.
Conducted a simple query of open restaurants in the area.
Scrolled through the Mickey D's, the Carls Jr's, and the like.
Stumbled upon Baladie Cafe.
Reviews were superb, the name had Cafe in it and it just felt right.
Tucked away in the corner of a business plaza, I located the Cafe.
Walked in open minded ready for anything.
Sweet lady behind the counter said that the beef and lamb gyro was probably the most popular.
I went with it.
Said all that to say this...the 'yee-ro' was delicious.
I had a paper menu I was reviewing while I consumed it and was already planning my next immediate order.
I was leaning hard and heavy towards The Hudson (Bagel sandwich with Nova Smoked Salmon, Cream Cheese, Tomato, Cucumber, Red Onion and Caper).
But the more I ate of the Gyro, I was thinking of going for seconds...then at some point while I was eating I chuckled and felt my fat jiggle, felt like a fatty and ordered the Greek Salad to go!
;)  Giv'er a go!
ps.
Got The Hudson to go to...

My first Yelp review and it had to be done.
Outstanding fresh Mediterranean food that is hard to beat.
Owners are friendliest in the business.
Prices are certainly reasonable for the quality you get.
By far the best babaghanouj I've ever had.
Been going here for years.
Lucky that such a great unique place is so close to me.
Menu is simple and they will alter anything you want to your liking.
Stop by and dine in it gat it to go you won't be disappointed.

I am so glad to have found this place on Yelp!
There is a lack of quality food options near my home so I'm glad that I stopped in to try something in my backyard instead of driving across the valley like I mostly have to do.
I tried a Greek salad 4.5/5, lamb and beef gyro 5/5, seasoned fries 5/5 and a walnut baklava 5/5.
I thought with all this food I should stretch it in to two meals but it was so good I ended up eating it all in one sitting.
My stomach is a bit peeved at me but man am I content.
I liked that the salad included a dolmades, I knocked a bit off my salad rating as it had a bit too much dressing I may ask for it on the side next time.
Also I didn't care for the pita flat bread with seasoning inside.
Otherwise I really enjoyed the salad.
The fries were just perfect and I loved the seasoning.
The main attraction, my gyro was without a doubt one of the best I've had.
The meat was plentiful and perfectly seasoned.
I liked the little touch of sauce included.
One last note, the owners were very kind.
It is a breath of fresh air when an owner takes pride in their work and makes you feel welcome.
Most places in my area treat you like a bother or just ignore you.
So top marks to a place where they greet you and make your day just by going the extra mile!

Don't be deceived by the location.
You simply can't find homemade Mediterranean food in North Las Vegas like this.
Owned and operated by a husband and wife dedicated to making great food.
They succeed.
My wife devoured the gyro wrap made with the lightest tasting tzatziki sauce ever.
I enjoyed the homemade falafel wrap made spicy.
The french fries are served seasoned with herbs and a dipping sauce that is fantastic.
The homemade baklava is the best I've tasted.

Great service.
Fun mom and pop shop atmosphere.
Best gyro I've had!
This will be a regular restaurant for our family now.

Well,   After seeing this place on Yelp for 2 years, I finally made my way over.
I always forget that there is another Greek place in the area, and I will never forget again.
This place is absolutely delectable.
We had the - Gyro wrap with the spicy sauce added Herb Fries w/ some kind of herb dipping sauce that was so different but so yummy.
AND THE BAKLAVA.
The baklava was so good, so light and crispy with a perfect amount of honey.
The ONLY thing I feel is lacking - I wish they would put a little more meat in the Gyros.
The pita is thin, which I love.
But there wasn't a flowing amount of meat, which is what most places do.
So maybe I'll just order double meat next time.
We walked in for lunch, and the couple that owns the place quickly greeted us and were very friendly.
It's just the perfect little ma and pop place tucked away in this little corner.
I can't wait to come back here again and it will be my go to place for Greek food in the NW corner of Vegas.
Come here and support the small businesses!

The gyros are to die for!
The service is fantastic and I think they have the best fries I have ever tried at a restaurant!
One io my favorite locally owned restaurants!
I would say after trying other Mediterranean restaurants I think this one is by far the best overall!

Best Greek food in town.

@ Lawrence C -  It has been almost two years now since my husband and I have been coming to baladi café  We love and appreciate this amazing food prepared by a lovely woman and served by the most gracious people One could meet .
You are obviously a pawn  that works for the restaurant you mentioned at the end of your post .
Since you just opened your Yelp account a few days ago.
How sad that you would conjure up such a lie about two lovely people who own a wonderful restaurant.
You are whats wrong  within the human race.
Grow a conscious Beast!

I just went here for lunch today (1-4-14) with my brother, after hearing many good things about this place.
I have to say, the food is great and the owners are wonderful people.
I normally don't comment on each and every place I go to eat, but this experience really earned it.
We ordered the beef and lamb gyro with spicy sauce and their seasoned fries.
The gyro was amazing, and the fries come with a really nice garlic / herb  paste that has a very unique and pleasant taste.
The prices are fair and the seating/ambiance is comforting.
Its a small mom and pop shop so its not a fancy dining experience, but it's a very cozy, comfortable and causal place to eat.
Even better than the food is the hospitality.
The owners are both very sweet and friendly.
I will definitely be coming back here to eat, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes authentic Greek or Mediterranean food.

Are you kidding me?
This place is awesome !!
The service is great and the owners are very nice .
The food is authentic Mediterranean .
I had the lamb and beef gyros, out of this world.
The perfect blend of spices on the meat was savory goodness.
My wife had the Mediterranean , everything was excellent .
One must try this wonderful place and for us it will be a regular !

Hands down the best place to get a gyro in Las Vegas!
I have not tried any of their other food but if you are looking for a good gyro Baladie Cafe is the place to go.
Also, enjoy seeing the kind and happy owners behind the counter every time.
They are very sweet.

Absolutely delicious beef & lamb gyro.
Get it spicy, with feta cheese, and you won't be disappointed.
The staff of this smoke-free restaurant is friendly, and interested in talking about the menu.

Friendliest owners of any place I've been to, hands down.
The food is the freshest of any Mediterranean I've ever had!
A friend and I enjoyed a Greek salad and I think it's the New York bagel....
I can't remember the name exactly...
But it was an onion bagel with smear, lox, onion, tomatoes, and capers.
Soooo delicious!

Gave this place a shot a couple weeks ago since I had a craving for lamb.
The reviews made this place sound very good so why not.
It's not too far from home.
When I got there the owner greeted me and made me feel at home.
He answered all my questions I had about the menu-- since I don't eat beef and pork.
He was patient with me while I made me choices.
He and his wife were very polite.
The food was AMAZING!!!
I ended up going again within a couple days to get dinner for my family and I.
The food is great, customer service is excellent.
If you like lamb definitely give this place a shot!!
It's amazing.

Heaven on a plate.
Wonderful owners and made from scratch.
Moussaka is heavenly.
Gyro meat is the best I've ever eaten.
The Greek Sampler is $11 and I challenge you to find better homemade food for less.
The baklava is perfectly made, too.
It has jus the right amount of honey (real honey, too) to hold it together without turning into a giant mess like virtually every other place.

What a wonderful little hole-in-the-wall restaurant in the Northwest corner of Las Vegas!
As many other Yelpers have posted, I've seen this place rated consistently great for a long time and figured I'd give it a go.
So glad I did!
The proprietors were incredibly friendly, and my food was absolutely fantastic.
I ordered the falafel plate and dolmathes (stuffed grape leaves).
Fresh, tasty and cooked to perfection.
The restaurant is clean and inviting with a few tables if you care to eat in.
I chose to take out, and if I waited 5 minutes for my order I'm overstating.
Just wonderful, I can't wait to go back and try more items from the menu...next?
Gyros.
Yup.

Very friendly n the food is pretty good!
I use to work near by so my coworker n I hit this place up ordered a gyro n some fries n it was pretty filling.
Very tasty plus for the owner being so sweet!

My buddy who lives local took me to this place.
The food is really good.
The inside is old school.
It's a cafe and you order at the counter.
There isn't anything fancy inside.
Water & utensils are self-serving.
Lamb & beef Gyro-Wrap ($8)  - 4.5/5 I couldn't get enough of this dish; the lamb & beef gyro was delicious.
I opted to get it spicy.
They add spicy sauce used in Thai red-sauce spices (think Sriacha w/ more spices).
As such, it tastes like an Asian infusion Greek gyro.
The dipping sauce w/ the fries is also delicious; it tasted like a Greek thousand islands.
I didn't even use any of the ketchup I just used the Greek dipping sauce.
It was THAT good!
=)  TIPS: -Located in the same plaza as the Sears Outlet

FANTASTIC!
We went here on a whim and are so glad we did!
The food is amazing but the people who work there make it an enjoyable experience as well!
We go back to eat there at least once a week now.

My first and so far only time to Baladie Cafe was a good trial run.
I ordered thte Greek Platter that comes with lamb/beef gyro, tzatziki sauce, feta cheese, dolmas, kalamata olives, a small greek salad, spanikopita and mousaka.
It was the best way I knew to try everything I wanted.
A brilliant idea in my mind.
I was mostly pleased with the experience.
The dolmas were very good and very briney.
And thankfully the leaves were tender.
The last time I had dolmas from Whole Foods the leaves were so tough and woody.
The ones from Baladie were quite good.
I know where to go when I get a craving now.
The olives were spot on too.
On their own I don't have a problem with the kalamata olives containing a pit.
At least it is expected.
I did not appreciate that they were unpitted in the salad.
I almost broke a tooth.
I suppose I just need to be more careful in the future.
Moving onto the gyro I would have to say not bad but not wonderful.
The meat had more lamb flavor than what I am accustomed to.
That is not a problem though.
It really was quite good.
But in all honesty the meat was a little on the dry side.
And the pita was not all too fresh either.
It was also kind of dry and was served in a store bought pita package.
It could have been better.
Where Baladie really shined in my mind was with the mousaka and spanikopita.
I've had spanikopita other places before and really did not like it despite my love for spinach.
This was good and the pastry was ultra flakey.
Right on.
The mousaka I was surprised with.
I had never tried it before and did not know quite what to expect.
The eggplant, potato and meat combination of it was awesome.
It was rich and creamy and just plain good.
I'm kind of drooling right now just thinking of it.
I could easily make a meal out of mousaka as it is very heavy and filling.
Beyond the food service was great.
The older gentelman (owner?
) was great.
He was very friendly and curious as to how I heard about them.
I told him Yelp led me there and he started telling me about how a lot of his customers mention Yelp and also Urban Spoon.
He was asking me about some of the other review sites like Trip Advisor but I showed some Yelp love and brought the conversation back around.
I'm not that familiar with the other sites anyhow.
He was a nice man and happy for me to be there.
I'll be back sometime.

This place is amazing!
If you are looking for a great gyro this is the place to go!
This is ran by a husband and wife who are amazing people!
They are so friendly and great to talk to!
We go there once a week now because we love it so much

Not only does this place have great food, the service is wonderful!
I'm in love with their lentil soup.
Everything on their menu is fabulous.
This place is really a diamond in the rough.

It was our first time eating Greek food.
We loved it.
It's great food.
The owner provided us an incredible, personalized service.
We can't wait to come back.

I love this place!
The owners are very nice and great chefs.
It doesn't look like much from the outside (it's in a strip mall), but the food is delicious.
I'm a big fan of the gyro platter.

I had the best dinner last night at baladi cafe, the food was so delicious and the service was good.
Very friendly family place

I'm sorry to say but this place wasn't up to my excpectations..
The food was good but they were okay portions.. After I ate there, I was never going back there..

Excellent fresh food, great prices.
The shawerma was very good!
We are definitely coming back.

I spent two years on a mission in Athens and a little in Thessaloniki.
I rarely find Greek food I really like.
This is very good and it is a sweet little place.
little cafe.
Owners are fun with some Mediterranean personality.
Even in Greece, the food differs from shop to shop.
Excellent here.
Baklava to die for, Feta is  (soft and very delicious!).
Their fries with spices are EXCELLENT.
All was great!

I've been here probably 10 times or so.
I can't bring myself to order anything besides the gyro platter, fries, & pistachio Balaclava but only because these things are so good.
Plus the people that run this place are really kind & friendly.
Definitely give this place a shot.

Awesome food.
Very tasty.
Great people that own it very friendly and so kind.
Everyone needs to eat here.

We were very impressed with the quality of food and the good prices.
We ordered the Mediterranean and shawerma plates and we were not disappointed.
The owner suggested we try the food spicy.
The babaghanouj was pleasantly spicy but not overbearing.
I am not a big fan of lamb but I tried a bite of my husband's shawerma (beef and lamb) and it was phenomenal.
Everything was delicious.
The owner was very friendly and helpful.
We would definitely return.

Awesome little cafe.
The married couple who owns/serve this place are both nice.
Love the chicken kabob and lamb gyro.
Definitely worth trying

I love this place!
Small hole in the wall and a warm welcome with tasty eats is all I need.
Get the babaghanouj!

I always enjoy coming here.
The owners are very nice people and have always remembered what I order.
I am however growing concerned about their business.
They have great food, great prices but I think the suffer from location, location, location.
It seems like every time i come here there's less fries on my plate and less meat in my wrap.
Folks this place is a hidden jewel and should be visited and experienced.
Come try it out and afterwards tell your friends about a nice little mom and pops gyro cafe.
Only place to get a gyro in the area.
I promise you won't be disappointed, foods great!
Service is great, people are great.
So you be great and give them a try.

I am now a fan of Baladie cafe.
I am a big Gyro fan.
the Lamb-Beef gyro here was the best i have enjoyed in Las Vegas.
If you are a Greek-Mediterranean food fan.
i strongly advise a visit.
As stated the food was great.
service was a little slow,but the friendliness more than made up for the wait.

Ive gone here for years.
Great gyros.
The couple who run it are super friendly and always remember my name.
They mark the gyro with my preferences.
I always get a lamb and beef gyro spicy and no feta.
Their fries are a nice change up from typical fast food fries.

I would have to say this is one of my favorite Mediterranean/Greek restaurants.
We've visited twice so far and both times have been exceptional.
He remembered us like we were everyday regulars.
Always friendly!
Always fast!
Always delicious!
The hummus has got to be the best in town.
I know when I start craving Greek food then we have to come here for the hummus.
Great flavor and delicious warm pita bread.
Everything we have had here was just fantastic.
The gyros, the half chicken plate, the skewers, the salad... Mmm, Mmm, Mmmmmmm.
Baklava available for your enjoyment, but I have yet to try it.
The drool is dripping down my face right now...
They have a great selection on the menu.
I never know what I want next, but he is there to offer up suggestions and ask what I like.
It's helpful when your an indecisive person (me).
It's not the fanciest or most modern joint, but does it really matter when the food is outrageously amazing?
No it doesn't.
Get your butt down there and get your Greek on.

The Shawerma plate is some of the best I've had, the meat is just spiced so well.
I'd highly recommend.

The food is really good.
This is a family run business and both times I have been here a husband and wife are working.
It seems that the husband takes care of the business side while the wife prepares the dishes served.
The food is authentic and all homemade.
I will have to say that some of the prices are abit steep for what you get.
A side of olives for example is 3.50 and that gets you about 8 olives.
Also the portion of a side salad is the same price and you should get a bit more as lettuce and greens have a low cost ratio.
Give this local place a try and help out the small business in your neighborhood.

I have been going here for a couple years and I love the gyros and the shwarma(spelling?
) is really good.
The owners do a great job with all their food.
Enjoy!!

Really great food, owners are very friendly.
Food is cooked home style, full of flavor.
I will eat there more often.

Happy to find this little place when I was in Vegas.
This is one of those little hole in the wall places where you can find excellent flavors.
I had their Mediterranean platter with a mix of hummus, baba, tabouli, dolmas, falafel, and more.
It was a great lunch for one.
I would definitely return.

Their fries and fry sauce are Amazing!!!
Great little mom and pop shop definitely worth checking out!
The owners are super friendly with great service and great food.

