Savers...are amazing.
A national chain offering thrift store goodness to all in a clean, well-lit environment with cheap amazing prices, it really puts Goodwill to shame.
I have had the pleasure of visiting them in NJ, PA, RI, MA, NV, and in Tucson.
Discovering this place in Office Park and Big Box land on Elliot near the I-10 entrance was amazing to me.
I needed some cheap office clothes (somehow the skull vans with holes in em were not appropriate business casual attire).
Loving the well kept bike rack at the entrance, this place is much smaller than other Savers I have been to.
But I also have to say it is the nicest one.
Extemely clean, well organized, top grade merchandise, amazing deals on things like curtains, electronics-a lot of stuff was STILL in their original packages.
Tons of womens clothing and mens clothing and a great selection of shoes (a brand new pair of vans was sadly a size too small...and 5 bucks!
)...and lovely dressing rooms and full length mirros abound!
They also had a special on blue tags, where they were all a dollar.
They have specials every day, but no schedule for it (I have a feeling it isn't changed up).
The staff guy was really friendly and the other clientiele were older women scoring bargains on furniture and I saw some other hipster girls stocking up.
I bought a black velvet blazer for like 4 bucks.
Made me very happy.
Thank you Savers...

being brand new and in such close proximity to ahwatukee, this place has plenty of barely used merch for cheap.
i've never found any clothes that i was in love with here, though i've tried plenty of stuff on, including wedding dresses (one of which i literally got stuck in - i had to get out of the dressing room to track down my girlfriend to get me out.
to top it off, everyone woman over 50 in the store kept asking me when i was getting married...i didn't have the heart to tell them it was for a mail order russian bride halloween costume then a corpse bride costume, so i told them i was fleeing to Nogales with my boyfriend while he was on probabtion).
i also tried on a toddler's novelty jacket that had furry sleeves, plastic gorilla chest up front and fuzzy hood.
after an obligatory monty burns style "see my vest" dance routine, i moved on to the tapes and electronics section.
some amazing finds 1. a foreigner cassette with Cold as Ice, Feels Like the First Time and Dirty White Boy on it (sadly, it contained a Heart tape inside instead) 2. a weekend-size late 60's orangle floral print suitcase circa the brady's go to hawaii 3. a barely used iron for $3 4. a working boombox WITH a 69 Boys cassette inside (yes, we played it and did the Tootsie Roll in the store)  and many, many knick knacks and fun stuff to entertain ourselves on a sunday.

OMG Savers 1s teh s3cks1 !
I've been a thrift store junkie from when I was a kid.
I've made a nice part time job out of ebaying thrift store items for a few years.
But I'd never been in a chain thrift store like Saver's before.
Goodwill, yes, but alot of those tend to be junk stores, broken Happy Meal toys and used water filters, yuk.
I've noticed lately that some "thrift" stores are charging premium prices for certain items like action figures and other random toys.
Savers has a variety of goodies at reasonable "thrift" prices.
I stop whenever I go past one, every time.

Lots of gems in this joint.
I found a Mac-Dre-driving-a-school-bus xxl t-shirt (i'll probably never wear this, but for $3 what the hell), a hat that said "creative devotions" in old english, a native american shirt which I wear probably ever other day (dont ask why), an odd picture of a giant goldfish peering at a kitten in a goldfish bowl (the cat is in the bowl, shit is mindblowing), and a picture of an obese black woman with a hawaii tattoo on her sleeveless arm in a picture frame made of fuzzy leopard print.
Its probably the best thrift store in the Phx area, I would hit this spot up for sure.

I have been here a many times, and am pleased with the selection that they have to offer.
Mostly clothing for men, women and children, along with a nice household selection.
Stuff here that I have found is usable, in good condition, and cheap!
Located close to the I-10 expressway, visible from the road!
Not much for furniture here, but I think it makes up for that in regards to thier other merchandise.
I don't go here as often as I would like, but I reccomend for any looking for anything decent and affordable.

I love this location!
It's clean, well organized, doesn't smell weird, and they have a good selection of kids toys and clothes.
The prices are pretty reasonable on most things and they usually are well stocked.

Thanks to the incorrect map I was looking all over for this store at Rural and Elliot.
I finally called them and found out they were way out at Elliot and Priest.
The store itself was fine, chock full of Halloween costumes since it was late October.
Tons of costume accessories, too.
But they didn't have much of what I was looking for.
The luck of the draw, I know.
I did buy a couple of things so it wasn't a wasted trip.
The best thing was a bag of pretty mauve yarns for $2.99.
There were two complete skiens and one barely used.
When I opened the bag up later I found price tags on them for $12.99 each!
They were top quality from a yarn store, not cheapies from Michael's or Joann's.
So that was a coup.

Really?
Four and a half stars?
I went there yesterday and was sadly disapointed.
It could be just me, but I didn't see any brand names, and a lot of the clothing just looked cheap.
I would love to see a great place to buy designer used clothing.

I'm a big fan of this Savers.
I've been shopping here for a whistle.
Last night, my friend and I went in to find Halloween costumes .
The store was closed except for a special late night event for card-members only, but the lady let us in, let us get a card, and let us shop.
Not only were the costumes great quality, very well organized, and Very well priced, she helped us find accessories, gave suggestions, and just overall was very friendly and helpful.
I wish I had gotten her name -I would have sent in a Great compliment to her manager.
The other staff were also friendly and helpful.
My friend got an amazing pair of boots, and a wig, while I got a complete costume and accessories and it looks great.
Combined we spent less than $50.
Try doing that anywhere else!

LOVE this location - best in the valley!
Prices are better, store is clean, people are friendly, and they always have the best stuff.
One gripe - put the shoes where we short people can see them - I'll shop more if I can see what I'm looking at!
Great job, Tempe Savers!

This Savers location has as good a selection, if not better, as any other Savers location.
The parking is very limited.
Be careful of parking in the Wendy's restaurant lot next door.
There are a multitude of signs warning of a potential tow.

This is a great savers location!
Best place to find unique costume items.
Great selection.
Parking is limited.
Beware of Wendy's lot next door, lots of tow signs.

LOTS of halloween selections!
But not what I was looking for.
Bummer!

I LOVE SAVERS.
I don't know how they do it, but they manage to not feel "icky" our have that SMELL the other thrift store chains have...   Well organized, best deals if you get their free Savers card & pay attention to discount days.
The employees are nice & actually have some fun together in this store, with the announcements on the mic.
Makes me laugh.
Bonus for a thrift store.
Go being open to finding treasures, feel for good fabrics, check labels & you'll score.
Oh, & eat first!
Too many times I went in for a quick trip, got sucked in, & 3 hours later I'm ready to chew my own arm off.
IN TEMPE, DO NOT PARK IN FAST FOOD PARKING LOT!
THEY DO TOW!!

I come here a lot and at 7 pm I wanted to buy a few items and was denied a sale of an item because there was no price tag.
REALLY?
isn't it for charity?
Any price is better than no sale.
I won't be back for the item that I wanted it won't be worth it.

