Ok so I really like wings.
When I tried this place I noticed...the wings were a decent size.
If you've never seen my magic talent of putting a wing in my mouth and removing all the meat and skin in one swift motion, you don't know what your missing.....But this wing place is definitely better foodwise than Bdubs.
I like the different flavors and dry rubs like the garlic parm ---(kinda salty but it's good) The atomic is grreeeat!
It gives me the food sweats.
It doesn't have a big selection as bdubs --- but it's definitely good.
For me --- the key to eating good wings.
Is to get them plain --- while they're crispy and dip them in the sauce.
So that way you can taste chicken and not just doused chicken in sauce.

I love Wingstop!
Garlic Parm and Lemon Pepper are soo good.
I like these better than Buffalo Wild Wings as well.
The way they are prepared are always consistent.
Good crunch and flavor and made fresh.
These wings are made when you order-soggy wings are no good.
Other locations around the valley.
Their seasoned fries are pretty good too--somewhat sweet.

Reggie again turned me on to a great food find.
Wingstop, my friends, definitely has some of the best wings ever.
He recommended the lemon pepper coated wings and we got 6 of the garlic parm since he had never tried them.
The wings are perfectly crispy and the lemon pepper is out of this world.
The flavor is so intense but complements the moist chicken very well.
The garlic parm is just ok though.
You can get several dipping sauces including ranch, blue cheese, hot, mild, and even teriyaki.
The blue cheese was mild and not overpowering and went well with the mild sauce.
The fries are great too!
They almost have a sweet flavor to them.
The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because the dining area is so small.
They do  serve beer too.

I love you wingstop....for cooking up the fastest batch ever before I risk missing my flight.
You never disappoint me with the garlic parmesan, which I will forever be loyal to.
Thank you.

What to say about Wing stop this afternoon.... My wings were delicious, I ordered the 10 piece boneless wings, 5 BBQ and 5 Cajun..
I would have ordered the Atomic but I was at work and do not have the luxury of actually sitting and enjoying my lunch without interruption.
I absolutely love hot food and I also have a slight addiction to chicken wings that are done right.
So an order of the atomic wings hit the spot when the time is right.
Anyways, the wings that I ordered today with a side of veggie sticks were made perfectly, Just the right amount of sauce, the perfect amount of Cajun seasoning on top of the Cajun wings and they were all perfectly cooked.
I know this is a chain and I do review chains but I do not normally have raving reviews for the chain restaurants that only consist of deep fryers and sauce vats but I do have to say that the boneless wings at this place are great for a quick inexpensive lunch.
Try it out and tell for yourself.

The wings always fill me up.
Me and my boyfriend get the 15 piece with lemon pepper and hickory bbq.
Sometimes they give the food to you or sometimes they just call your name to get your order.

Hat take out yesterday Monday night, 8 pm.
too much sauce on wings wow.
and the wings, well dont think I could find any meat on the wings and for the price, not really a great value when you ask for 2 flavors and the expensive small drink.
over all the frys are good as usual and i most likely will go back due to convenience and tolerable but not cravable.

Love this place , eat here when I'm trying to low carb it, sometimes twice a week.
Usually we order 50 wings , celery sticks 3 blue cheese dressings 2 reg drinks around $40 , which I think is a great deal.
We like the Cajun , teriyaki, lemon pepper and garlic Parmesan.
Minimum wait is 15 min if there not busy little longer if busy because they cook to order.
Wing come out nice and hot.
Pretty consistant .
Only complaint they need   more sauce selections a Thai peanut sauce would b good.

Contact A&E because I need an Intervention.
My addiction to Wing Stop began gradually.
Those succulent french fries, the spicy and flavorful buffalo sauce, the fresh baked yeast rolls.
I used to go only on big game nights, a nice finger food to bring home.
Slowly though, I the thought of 20 wings and some fries began creeping in on random mondays in class or at work.
I even have the number programmed in my phone for call ahead orders!
My parents have tried to talk to me about this.
You should cook more at home, its healthier and can save you money...blah, blah, blah.
Sometimes I feel the wings love me more.
The low point came this last month when I went on a 30 wing eating binge.
My friend came over and found me in a food induced coma reeking of blue cheese and buffalo sauce having not shaved or showered in 2 days.
He was like you cant go on this way.
And then he found my secret stash in the fridge.
I knew the gig was up.
I agreed that I needed to control my urge for their amazing wings and fries.
Who am I kidding...I cant do that.
Im in this for the long haul.
Wing Stop and I are linked indelibly.
So mom and dad, friends....put away those notes asking me to get help.
I ain't going to treatment!
PS- The boneless wings are phenomenal too...and only 50 cents a piece on Mondays and Tuesdays!

All I can say is "boneless" and "garlic parmesan" wings.
Their fries are yummy and different as well, they have a delicious ranch dressing that I just want to dip like crazy.
Mmmmm juicy fresh made to order wings, they never let me down, have been here multiple times and always a success!
Wingstop you rock!

MMM MMM GOOD!
I love wing stop I always get the same thing every time I go here, I get there Parmesan Chicken Wings w/ xtra ranch and a side of fries and a sweet tea.
MMM the wings are ORGASMIC in my mouth very mouth watering and delicious!
The fries are different like no other there sweet and always fresh and I love there ranch i could drink a gallon of it!
Never had bad food from here, I love this place!
Only complaint is every time I order its a 20min wait at least and its pretty pricey for fast food its about $20 bucks for two people to eat here but deff worth it =)

I have given Wing Stop a try twice so far.
The first time I dined in and the second time I ordered take-out, but unfortunately, I did not enjoy the food here.
Garlic Parmesan Wings (regular and boneless) - the taste is not too bad, but after eating two wings, I feel like I have to stop because it becomes too salty!
Smoked BBQ Wings (boneless) - the chicken was very soggy, both times.
Seasoned Fries - pretty soggy, some were not cooked very well.
Sweet Tea - I usually love sweet tea, but this was very bland.
I should have just filled up my cup with unsweetened tea!
Also, I thought it was weird that when you dine in, the "napkins" that they provide is a community roll of hard brown paper that you have to tear off (located next to the drink machine) Really?!?!
The only plus is that they have very friendly employees who are more than happy to explain the menu to you or make any suggestions.
Sorry Wing Stop, I'll be going elsewhere for my chicken wing fix!

I love WingStop!
In my book, it's just as good as BWW, and it's closer to my house.
They have great regular and boneless wings in addition to awesome seasoned fries.
The fries are seasoned with some crack filled flavoring.
(Disclaimer: I'm only assuming they have crack on them, I don't know what crack would actually taste like.
) The service is always good.
Prices are totally reasonable.
The sauces here are more limited than BWW, but I love the parmesan garlic!!!
If you get these, you should get another style as well, because they are pretty strongly garlic (obviously) flavored.
I look at it like, if you just want the wings to go, then WingStop is a great choice.
But should you want to actually stay and watch the game with some buddies, then BWW is the winner.
Monday and Tuesday they have a 50 cent boneless wing special.
If you love wings, give em a try.

Love them, everything is made fresh to order, so it takes about 16 minutes, but its worth the wait.
They come out piping hot, I don't like wings that have a big batter on them, these do not.
My husband and I will get a big order and choose three flavors, my favorites are the cajun, lemon pepper and parmesan.
The place is small inside with a limited amount of tables.
I  noticed that the phone orders and 'to go' orders are a big part of their business.
We usually eat in and sometimes find only a little table stuck against the wall.
But the sodas unlimited and it's consistent quality wings each time we come in.

Brewed Tea: YES  Wing Stop is way better than Buffalo Wild Wings... if you like buffalo sauce.
Don't go crazy with the flavor choices.
Stick to the traditionals and you'll be a fan as well.

I really enjoyed my first experience here.
I've been hearing about this place for a long time and I'm glad I finally went.
The regular 10 wing combo basket seemed a little pricey but after killing my cajun wings and the basket of amazing fries, I was stuffed!
The food was great quality and the neat new Coca-Cola machine was an interesting conversation piece.
I really enjoyed the cashier that helped us, she was very experienced with the product and very helpful.
I will definitely recommend this restaurant and I will for sure be a repeat customer.

The lemon pepper chicken wangs here are finger licking good.

Garlic Parmesan hands down!
Ever since one of my die-hard-LA-Lakers-fan of an Aunt shared the "Official Wings of the Los Angeles Lakers" (funny enough) to my family one day - that was a set of 10 lemon pepper flavored wings - my adventurous side smirked at the idea of experimenting with a few other flavors.
Thankfully, this branch is located barely 10 minutes away from where I live so when the opportunity to pick a new flavor presented itself, I went with  'Garlic Parmesan' and 'Hickory Smoked BBQ' Both of which were undeniably tasty.
My father and I have grown to become huge fans of this place and always opt for the 20 piece wings (that comes with 2 flavor choices) He continues to stick with lemon pepper while I've branched out to Garlic Parmesan...by.
a. mile.
Not only does the texture make the wing so savory but the garlic really does compliment the parmesan in a way that makes the overall taste so rich, the world converges towards it.
For $13.19 (+ tax), you can choose to get 15 or 20 pieces (I'd be insane to let an extra 5 pieces pass!
) and for an additional $2, you can go for wings only (no mini legs) not that it really matters.
There's a drive-thru in case you're in a hurry and the staff is very friendly, not to mention humorous (we joked about how they couldn't pronounce my name) There're seats in the restaurant - not the more spacious, I have to be honest - but other than that, this place gives you all the reason for a stop - great food and great service!
What a win!

This is the one stop for wings!!
Amazing flavor the fries are the best ive ever had!
They have a variety of flavors from sweet to hot, I like to mix the both get 5 bbq and 5 hot the switch things up a little.
The staff there is always very friendly and nice!
The place as well is always kept clean for the customers.
A well earned 5 Stars

This is my favorite place for wings!
I'm addicted to wing stop,especially their garlic Parmesan and original hot wings with their amazingly tasting seasoned fries.
Great customer service and great place to just sit back enjoy great tasting wings with friend or family.
They also serve beer.
This is a place I'd recommend to everyone!
This location is great right next to GameStop and Krispy Kreme doughnuts!

The Original Hot wings here are primo!
I come here at least once a month.
The Fries here are awesome n' if you like Nacho Cheese, dip em' in.
Nom nom nom!
Soda machine here is legit too.
So many flavors n' options!!

Garlic Parmesan and Lemon Pepper are my favorite wings here!
One of my favorite Chicken Wing places...especially if you are doing order to pick up.
They do have a small sit down area...nothing compared to Buffalo Wild Wings...but good enough.
I like how you can order over the phone and they can have your order ready.
There really isn't much to review other than it is your typical Chicken Wing place...but this location is pretty clean, nice and the staff are always on point and friendly.
If your order comes a little late than usual...they take care of their customers and hook it up with a lil something extra for the inconvenience.
Check them out if you love wings!.

garlic parmesan is thee bomb ... just remember its made freshly & can take up to 20 minutes so if hungry order before arrival

This Wingstop is top notch.
I love the lemon pepper wings well done, so savory and crispy!
Be sure and call ahead that way everything is ready for you to take home and devour!

I am a fan of this place, though the last time the wings were anemic, but the boneless ones were pretty good.
Love the Coke super soda machine.
The only real issue I have are the fries.
They put something on them that makes them sweet and they just don't taste rift.

Had some guys over for some football watching and placed a large order for carry out online.
Everything was perfect!
60 wings, fries, 2 orders of veggies, and a large potato salad.
Not one thing was messed up and everything tasted great!
The store was clean and the staff was friendly also.
Will definitely be back!!

The Spring Mountain location..Ordered the Garlic Parmesan wings, seasoned fries and the Bourbon Baked Beans..it took 20mins to make d wings..Came back 20mins later to pkup my order, got home n found over cooked dried out wing coated a ton w/just Parmesan cheese, no garlic at all..horrible.
The seasoned fries were wilted regular fries..- a mistake or those were their seasoned fries which were no favor at all fries  - horrible..
The only thing good was d Bourbon Baked beans..I will never ever order or eat anything from this place.
I was so hoping that d wings they supply Pizza hut The Garlic Parmesan  wings wld b d same but.. sadly it was not..instead it was d worst tasteless wings n fries I've ever eaten..don't bother w/dis place

So disappointed with what has come of wing stop!!!!
This place use to be so good back in 2007, 2008.
Last time at the Craig location I ordered my beloved Cajun flavor which from what I remember use to be covered in sauce!
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!
I literally thought they were Louisiana Rub cause there was no sauce on them at all!
A few months later I tried this location which was today and ordered the original hot and fries.
OMG no damn sauce what so ever!
Dry nasty wings!
I was so upset.
The fries lacked seasoning so badly I literally thought I had gotten the lemon pepper flavor the time prior but after literally ordering a new batch of fries in the lemon pepper flavor I realized I just had shitty fries this time :( The fries use to be to die for!
Sadly I'm going to have to stick to WingStreet which sucks cause I think they are way over priced, except on Wednesdays.

Probably the lousiest chicken & service I have had in a while.
The hot sauce is straight from the bottle with all heat & no flavor.

Amazing customer service, and they always know what I want.
I order from here almost every week and they know exactly what I want when I call.
They have amazing wings and my favorite are the Hawaiian wings.
I love this place and my only advice is too call ahead before you order.
Sometimes, the place is packed and it takes a while to get my food but if you call ahead it helps out a lot.

I was craving for some chicken wings on the new year day of 2014 and found this wingstop.
I drove 7 miles here for my teriyaki wings and the wait was not long because it's not a busy day.
After getting home, I was a bit disappointed by the over-fried fries but totally disappointed by the wings: I received 6 chicken drums and 2 mid-joints for my 8-pcs meal, and the drums were ridiculously huge(about twice of the size I normally got in the past: I never ate at Vegas Winstop before).
I don't think I will return to this location.

The wings are usually not my favorite from Wingstop, but I can't resist their fries and what's not to love about Wing Tuesdays and Wednesdays!
I'm always interested in a discount but unfortunately this deal only applies to boneless wings, which I'm not don't really like, but a deal's a deal.
This location is good for some takeout after a long shopping session.
I prefer the spicy or Hawaiian and you have to order fries, that's the best thing at Wingstop.
I just wish they had more variety of flavors.

I'm not a huge fan of dry-rub chicken wings, but their Louisiana rub is to die for.
It has the perfect amount of heat and flavor!
Other than that, all their wings are made fresh and come out hot right away.
The only thing is, I wish their Garlic Parmesan was better.
They really don't do justice to my favorite flavor.
Their Garlic Parmesan is just regular wings with a slight taste of garlic and covered in shredded Parmesan that you could probably buy at the Wal-mart next door.
Wingstop, Imma let you finish, but B-dubs got the best garlic parmesan sauce ever.
Other than that though, this place is great for lunch and I love coming here when I'm on the way home.
Definitely recommend Louisiana rub over any other flavor.

Was feeinin for some wangs and these guys just happen to be in the vicinity so off we went.
I love the fact that their hours are 11 am to midnight everyday.
I usually get the 8 piece traditional meal combo that comes with fries and a drink for around 10 bucks which is a good deal to me.
When I say traditional I mean bone in.
I have tried the boneless and honestly it just doesnt taste any better than bone in because I think the bone gives the chicken more flavor.
Kind of like ribs.
If you have ever had boneless ribs you know its just not the same.
Anyways, for the 8 piece you have your choice of two flavors.
I usually get the Garlic Parmesan and Lemon Pepper and sometimes the Mesquite Barbeque.
This time around they had the Chile Lime wings as a limited time flavor so I got that and Garlic Parmesan.
As usual, they always tell you it takes about 18 minutes for your order to come out regardless if you are the only ones in there.
I guess thats a good thing cuz that means they cook it from scratch and not heat up precooked ones!
While you're waiting for your order, you can kill time by deciding what flavor drink you want from the technologically advanced Coke machine.
Want Diet Coke?
How bout different flavors of diet coke like vanilla, raspberry, cherry , or lime.
Yes, whatever drink you pick there is different flavors for it.
I think even water has different options.
This soda machine should be STANDARD in every restaurant.
Whoever makes that decision this should be a no brainer.
When they call you up to counter, make sure you grab a long strip of paper towel that is conveniently next to where you pick up your tray.
There is also a ketchup pump machine there where you can pump some ketchup into little paper cups to dip your fries in.
So me and the wifey dig in.
With so much greasy goodness, you cant help but think of when the last time you had an appointment with your cardiologist.
What is that saying?
All in moderation right?
Not sure if grease was included in that conversation.
Speaking of grease, the fries are good with the skin on them.
I wonder why they cant flavor them with the sauces as well?
I have another wing joint I go to that has over 60 flavors and they can flavor their fries at your request.
My favorite is sweet chili.
You dont know what flavored fries are until you try them!
Hit me up or just look at my wings list.
You're welcome.
Wingstop and Buffalo Wild Wings are tied with 4 stars from me for they are both good.
Both will always be in my rotation from time to time.
Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #99

I put in a phone order for mild and chili line wings and got a box of mild and plain wings.
Thanks for ruining my craving.

Always on point, always friendly.
Staff has an actual sense of urgency.
Love this location.

I'm not digging this place at all.
Maybe because I'm so use to Buffalo Wild Wings but experience of the customer service could've change that, but no it was horrible, little kids are working at the register, was super late for my wings, waited 20-25 mins for a 10 piece & found out that they gave the order to someone else.
So I waited another 15 to 20 minutes to get the wings.
Three hours later I'm in the restroom begging or mercy.
I think this place need a visit from the health department ASAP.

Their smiles and the quality of their service will keep me coming back.
The food was served hot and fresh and their online orders are prompt.
Despite the error of having forgot my second order in my latest order they were quick to make up for it and prepared my food to go in no time!
They have awesome vibes and the staff seems happy.
It makes the food good!
Hickory Smoke and Louisiana Rub 8 pcs.
So good.
Thanks Wingstop!

Ever since the sixth grade I've been hooked on chicken wings.
I even had the chance to make it to the buffalo wing mecca, the Anchor Bar, which happens to be my Yelp picture.
I've been a huge fan of Wingstop because it specializes in chicken wings.
I love lemon pepper, garlic parmesan, mild, and Louisiana rub.
I really like their fries because there is a touch of sugar giving that awesome combo of sweet and savory.
Even though I don't know the employees that well, I do recognize a few "old" timers that always seem to make sure my food is consistent, which with any fast food restaurant is rare.
So kudos to this Wingstop for that!

Yummy ribs.
My fave is the mango habanero followed by a close original.
Workers are nice and super friendly

Omg I love the lemon pepper bone in wings with ranch dressing.
At this location they take time to cook your wings well done.
Who wants half done chicken?
Nobody.
Hot & fresh is how they do it here.
It's even good if u get it to go.
The fries are good with a cup of cheese.
Who knew but their hot rolls are devine.

Fresh and oh so good, staff is busy but always pleasant with a smile and good service

