This is the former Wild Sage with many of the same menu items.
My wife's entree this evening was char-broiled prime beef tenderloin with roasted potatoes and veggies.
I opted for the seared Maine scallops with sauted spinach, potato puree and orange glazed veggies.
Everything, including service was good, but a whisker short of expectations given the price.

I have been to Table 34 several times and have had consistently good service and excellent food.
There was  one time that the wrong dish was brought to me, and the staff bent over backwards to remedy the situation.
Slightly on the pricey side, but there are a lot of relatively inexpensive options such as pizza and pasta.
Get there early, and there is no wait for a table.
Restaurant is off the beaten track and sometimes hard to find, but it is well worth the effort.

As good as it gets in Vegas (or anywhere else for that matter)!
Been here 3 or 4 times, actually every time I come to Vegas, and it never disappoints!
My fiance drools anytime I mention the words Table and 34 in the same breath, and I wouldn't put it past him to fly to Vegas just to eat here.
I'm a vegetarian, but the mac and cheese is to die for!
Great smallish restaurant to enjoy while you're selling your soul in sin city.

Went there at the last minute with four colleagues who were about to board the redeye to NYC.
Good choice!
The place was empty at 6pm on a Saturday night....but filled up before we left 90 minutes later.
Ambiance was surprisingly nice (considering its stripmall environ), Tony, the maitre d was pleasant upon arrival and he sat us at a very nice table.
Our waiter was pleasant, funny and helpful.
The food was excellent.
I had the shrimp salad appetizer and the chicken entree.
Both were very tasty.
At the table there was at least one special quail appetizer, a simple mixed green salad and the lobster bisque.
No complaints about any of these.
For entrees, we had the duck (rave review), the salmon (ditto) and one guy had the ravioli.
He thought the ravioli filling was sparse, but the sauce was excellent.
We had two bottles of a 2006 Shiraz that was excellent and moderately priced at $28.
Prices overall were decent for Las Vegas...certainly a bit less than you would find on the Strip or at a major casino.
Dinner finished with coffee (fresh) and one spectacular brown/ice cream/whipped cream dessert.
Wow.
This meal was special and a nice way to finish a week at the CES full of touristy crap.
Our waiter told us that at the next table was Mrs. Ted and Mr & Mrs. Mack of the UNLV arena fame.
He also told us that Rollie Fingers comes in whenever he wants duck.
So, a nice choice off the strip if you are looking for a place the locals go to.
About five minutes from the airport too.

Overall stellar food!
It's kind of odd that it's connected to a Subway in a strip mall but who really cares.
My wife ordered a wild mushroom pizza that she couldn't finish, I had ribs that literally fell off the bone (never touched my knife, I swear!
) and we had a beef satay appetizer that had a red wine reduction and crispy fried onions.
If i'm on death row they may have to package some of those up for my last meal.
My wife was happy to find a great wine selection.
The service was very upscale and attentive.
I can say that it was a very pleasant experience.
The bill was a tad hefty but it's not like they hide their prices.
Overall it's a VERY nice place for a date or usefull if you want to take your wife out because you did something stupid.
So I hear...

i work nearby, and this is a perfect spot for lunch.
great food, quick service, and very friendly staff.
once you're inside, you don't even remember that you're in a strip mall.

Used to come here all the time when it was Wild Sage (same chef), have not been in quite the same habit since Table 34 was opened.
Back when it was Wild Sage, it was one of the few better dining options in this part of town.
Food and service is very good, both at lunch and dinner.
Salads, sandwiches, wraps, soups, entrees are all very good.
Have had an excellent nouveau version of mac and cheese here (not sure if it is still on the menu), bbq wrap, ahi salad and other items are lunch favorites.
Menu is a bit static, yet high quality, they might be well served by a little more rotation, variety, or a broader range of specials.
Recommended.
This looks to be a good quality local small business that is important to support to have a diversity of choice and to support small businesses in Las Vegas.

Incredible food, ribs are great!
Service is fantastic, I definitely would recommend this place !!

I've always experienced excellent customer service before - and the other night was no exception.
Friendly, efficient and courteous throughout.
For starters, we had the oyster and scallop selection.
Oysters were good, however a little on the small side.
The scallops were prepared well and they went well with the sauce and sides.
I had the steak special with grilled veggies.
Prepared just right and a good sized portion.
I didn't want too much as I wanted to save for dessert (somewhere else).
My friend opted for the ribs special.
Now her meat just slid off the bones.
She also asked for mash and I really liked her dish better than mine.
Both meals were delicious and the staff was awesome.
It's a little on the pricey side however I'd still come back even if I didn't have a ton of gift cards to use up

ABSOLUTELY AWESOME !!
is the only way I can describe this restaurant...after having a horrible experience at Mario Batali's Otto on the strip the day before, this luncheon experience was delightful from start to finish...fabulous white bean soup...the chicken pot pie is the best I've ever eaten, excellent bbq chicken wrap, and the two great desserts we shared...thanks for a wonderful dining experience Elisha...our son Reid appreciated your wonderful tableside manner...we'll be back the next time we visit Las Vegas.

The atmosphere is nice here, it's definitely on the fancy side.
The food was very good.
We had gotten the Oysters on a Half Shell with Cocktail Sauce, which was delicious.
Then we had ordered the corn chowder, which was delicious.
I love corn chowder.
We also got bacon wrapped prawns, which were quite crispy.
Finally, we also ordered the Prosciutto and Mission Fig Pizza with Maytag Blue Cheese, and changed the Blue Cheese to something else.
I can't remember what, but they were more than willing to make the change, and it came out pretty good.
It is a pricy restaurant, but it does have good food to make up for it.

I've known this restaurant through it's many incarnations, since I've lived in the southeast for more than 20 years.
I have to say that this time, they have got it right!
Picture classic bistro in Manhattan, and you have got an idea of this restaurant.
This was so good that after dining here with friends, my husband and I came back the following Saturday to have the entrees we did NOT choose the first time because they looked so good as they were taken to other tables.
I loved their salad, their scallops and their steak.
My husband enjoyed the fall-off-the-bone (but not OVERCOOKED) short ribs - everything was great, the bread, the drinks, the service.
An unqualified 5 star experience.
Expensive but worth every penny!

We saw this restaurant on Rachael Ray's Vacations and thought we'd try it the next time we were in Las Vegas.
We are glad we did.
The restaurant is located in a strip shopping center; so, free parking is plentiful.
The decor/ambiance is very nice and the wait staff is professional and attentive.
And, best of all, the food is excellent.
We had a hard time choosing what to eat; because, each selection sounded so good.
I chose the meat loaf (I love meat loaf) and my wife had the salmon.
Both choices were very, very good.
The wine list is little pricey.
We selected a 2009 Malbec from Argentina for $38 (one of the cheaper selections) and were very pleased.
We highly recommend Table 34 and will definately go back.

Table 34 is one of my favorite little restaurants in Las Vegas.
I had dined in and ordered take out at this place, and I have never been disappointed.
The food is always pretty tasty, with my two favorite entrees being the sauteed scallops and the seared Atlantic salmon.
I also love how it is a locally owned establishment, and Chef Wes (who is also the owner) often stops our table by to make sure we are pleased with the food.
Service is fast and excellent.
The decor is modern, and the ambiance is intimate.
Table 34 is a testimony to good management and great food.

Met a couple of colleagues for lunch the other day and saw @Matt S review that mentioned a Pastrami Melt....so I went for it with Fries.
I wasn't paying, so I didn't get the price....I think it was around $7.95.
The Sandwich came out pretty fast.
It tasted pretty good, but the Bread was greasy!
I understand it's a melt, so it should be kind of like a Grilled Cheese Sandwich.....but it was much more oily than that.
The Fries were excellent and the service was very good as usual.
This place gets packed for lunch, especially during the weekdays, so get there before Noon if you don't want to wait.
Return Factor - 75%

I will get straight to the point...  best food in the city!
Service is really great too.

I went to Table 34 for lunch on a few occasions after meetings or with coworkers.
Every time I was impressed.
I had a variety of items and each time everything was delicious.
The servers are very friendly and food comes out in a timely manner.
I would say the pricing is a little high on some of the items, but overall it is worth it!

Great meals here!
For lunch all kinds of salads, soups, and sandwiches.
For dinner great variety of meals including venison and elk!

I've been a customer here for years.
I am a friend and huge fan of the chef, Wes Kendrick.
Wes is something of a food prodigy.
He does everything extremely well from soups to desserts.
He is passionate about what he does and it shows.
First, the soups... you never know what they are going to be, but they are all made fresh daily and they are always amazing.
If you're looking for the Vegas equivelent of the "Soup Nazi", it is to be found here in a bowl next to the famed "sage biscuit" which can only be described as amazing.
Want a bison burger or filet?
Venison?
This is one of the few wild game fine dining establishments I know of, and it doesn't disappoint!
Some favorites would include the pastrami sandwich at lunch (WOW!
), the pot roast at dinner (WOW), and while it's hard for me to believe... the baby back ribs at dinner!
Since so many places specialize in baby back ribs, it is unfathomable to me that a place that has them as an item on their menu dusts the competition.
These are the best I've ever had in any city, period.
The waitstaff is knowledgable both in the items, specials, and the preparation.
One standout... Ken is an EXCEPTIONAL server and his suggestions are ALWAYS on the mark.
Along with Mundo, this is one of the best kept local's secrets in Las Vegas.
I've brought friends here from out of town and when they come back, they always ask to visit again.

Easily the Best Restaurant in the Vegas valley.Chef Wes Kendrick really knows his stuff!!

We have been fans of Wes Kendrick since this place was Wild Sage.
When it closed, we were devastated.
And when it reopened as Table 34, we were ecstatic!!!
Wes has "eclectic American" food style down perfectly.
His staff is great, and you can tell they all enjoy their jobs.
This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas, and I hope it stays here for a long, long time.

Been coming here since it opened as Wild Sage and we've never had a bad meal- everything is fresh, delicious and just unusual enough to be really interesting!!
Love the vibe!

Crab cake special, just OK. Bacon and gouta pizza, very good.
Good service, industrial park location.
Nicer insider than you'd think.
:) Too expensive for what it is :)

Been here a few times for lunch, it's always busy and challenging to grab a table.
Once seated you will understand why there is a long wait.
The food is great with a unique menu, great energy and fair prices.
If you haven't tried this place check it out.

Service without a smile.
That is the summary.
It was felt by the entire group that had lunch at Table 34 today that the waitress felt she was getting an automatic tip so she did not have to do much.
Service was very slow even with  most of the tables empty.
The food was ok but nothing to write home about or even to take home.

If you are going to Table 34 for top notch food then you will be disappointed.
The food was just average and a little pricy for lunch.
If you are going to Table 34 for top quality wait staff, then stay away from this place.
Or, at least until they get rid of the surly, female waitress we had.
We were a group of 7 people and when we arrived at the restaurant on a Thursday at 1pm and the restaurant was fairly full.
By the time we were ready to order, the restaurant was nearly empty.
Sodas were flat and they had to be replaced.
One guest who arrived late had to wait 20 minutes for a glass of water to arrive.
The Waitress never checked on us after the meals were served.
The Waitress never followed up after the meal to see if we wanted coffee or dessert.
One guest requested mustard for his sandwich.
That arrived after his meal was finished.
At the end of the meal it became obvious that all of us were disenchanted with the wait service so we spoke to the Manager about the situation.
The Manager was defensive and never once apologized for the service.
The Waitress overheard our complaints and thought it was her place to step in and argue & defend her surly attitude with 7 customers and then huffed off.
The restaurant needs to get rid of the Manager and the Waitress if they want people to return to this restaurant.
It should be noted that this company does not have a website.
And, their restaurant is off the beaten path in an office park, thereby making it difficult to find.
None of us will be returning to this restaurant.

I just had lunch at Table 34 with a coworker.
It was very sophisticated without being stuffy.
The food was impeccable for the price.
Not cheap, but what food worthwhile is?
It didn't break the bank, the prices remind you of the delights to come.
I got there as they opened at 11am and the place was empty.
The service was great because of that, so I recommend getting there before 12 noon as well.
I had the corkscrew pasta with boar meatballs.
It was very nice for $14's.

Very nice, yet still casual.
Burger quite delicious.
That is all

Great spot.
Me and my girl love this place.
Not sure if i can give any suggestions for improvement :)

I had never heard of this place until today.
We had one of our bosses come in town for a meeting and they decided to take us to lunch.
Table 34 is located close to work so the owner decided to take us there.
I must say it was not very visible if you weren't looking for it but it is located in the same parking lot as Starbucks and US Bank.
The atmosphere is very nice and decorative, there is an open kitchen and the wait staff is amazing.
I ordered the BBQ chipotle wrap with fries and it was amazing and the portion size is nice too.
One other person had the salad that was on special (can't remember the name) and had no complaints.
The two guys with us ordered a steak sandwich and sweet potato fries.
They did say the steak was a little tough and should have been sliced thinner but otherwise it was delicious.
They provide an amazing bread and butter before your meal and all the breads are homemade.
This is a home owned business and there are no franchises.
The pricing is probably a little more than you would plan to spend on a wrap or sandwich and fries but keep in mind it is all homemade.
I will definitely make another trip one of these days.
Enjoy!

WOW!
This has to be my new favorite place to eat in Las Vegas!
My mom had a restaurant.com coupon she wanted to use.
After eating there, I must say, "You have to try this place"!
My dad had the NY Strip topped with Blue Cheese paired with Horseradish potatoes and mixed veggies.
I stole some of his potatoes....awesome!
When I go back, I hope these are on the menu!
My mom ordered the Scallops, also paired with mixed greens and plain mashed potatoes.
The scallops were so meaty and large...really tasty!
I ordered the Beef Tenderloin with mixed greens and baked, sliced potatoes.
Everything was amazing!
My only wish would to have the blue cheese on top of the Beef Tenderloin, paired with the Horseradish potatoes.
Now that would be a taste treat delight!
Desert was even better...my parents and I split the crème brulee and the dessert of the night, which was a peanut butter slice topped with peanuts, peanut butter brittle on a Oreo crust.
Yummy!
Their coffee was also delicious and went wonderful with dessert.
What I thought was very interesting was the chef was out on the main floor most of the night talking to guest, making sure everything was to our liking, checking out different wines, etc.
Very unique touch and very personable.
Our waiter was very attentive and checked on us regularly.
I also like that the menu changes regularly, maybe even nightly.
There are unique meats and seafood on the menu.
The atmosphere was really plain but warm.
It reminded me of restaurants and bars in Seattle.
I really enjoyed my entire experience here.
I can't wait to go back with my husband!

Another great place!!!!
It's kinda heard to find, it's in a small strip mall where there's a Starbucks.
But the other issue they have is at night they leave the shades down so it's pitch black and you can't tell if it's opened or closed.
Very bad management!
Pull up your shades, we almost left b/c we thought it was closed.
We went on a Saturday night, had a great waiter who was very attentive, good thing as there weren't many people there and our bill was like $120.
Lots of nice wine to choose from and our waiter brought us several to sample until he could sell us on getting booze with our meal :) we were happy to accommodate!
One big thing: THE CRAB CAKES.
Now I love seafood, but this is by far the best crab cake I've ever had.
I've never gone to take a second bite of something when I realize my mouth is uncontrollably watering!
It's to die for.
Please make a crabcake on a salad lunch menu item, as well as, a crab cake dinner.
The lemon caper aioli, embarrassing to admit, but we were dunking our bread in it once the crab cake was devoured!
Oysters-Kusshi-amazing  If you're a local go to this place, it's great but the location is not the best!
see pix

Have you ever been set up on a bad blind date?
One where your friend swears that the other person is attractive and that you'll have a ton in common, only to find out that said date is slightly overweight, balding and into LARPing?
That's how I feel about Table 34.
Very few dining experiences have elicited such a negative response in my book.
Probably the most offensive thing about this restaurant is the uninspired menu and ridiculous prices for the food on it.
I was told that this would be strip-quality meals, only half the price.
Granted, many of the food on the strip is expensive, but the Table 34 prices aren't much different.
$25 for meatloaf?
$30 for trout?
I don't pay that much for dinner in the Bay Area, that's for sure.
To top it off, the food isn't very good.
Not sure why I ordered it, but the shrimp pasta I ordered tasted like something you'd get in a cafeteria, just some limp angel hair pasta with shrimp and heavy red sauce.
Seriously, a home economics class could have made something just like it.
My Mom's sole was slightly better and my brother really enjoyed his ribs, so not all was lost.
The two stars are for the service.
Our waiter was extremely nice, especially when our entrees didn't come out at the same time.
There was a small snafu in the kitchen and he didn't want the food that was ready to go cold.
Very thoughtful and honest.
Bottom line: there are better, more affordable places to eat in Vegas.
Table 34 is an overpriced Applebee's with less flair.

Consistently great dining.
Inventive, seasonal specials with a reliable menu of favorites.
I can always count on a great meal, nicely crafted cocktails and desserts worth a splurge.
Can we say fresh peach pie???
Table 34's ambience is perfect after a tough day at the office.
Soft lighting, smooth service and a nice local crowd.
I need to remember this gem on Warm Springs and the 215..

So I have been frequenting this restaurant since it was "Wild Sage" and it never disappoints!
For the veggies, they make an amazing butternut squash ravioli with walnut sauce.
Every time I have it, it  gets better and better.
The meat lover had the BBQ ribs that literally feel off the bone.
He enjoyed the ribs so much that he asked to speak to the chef to give his compliments!
He said the ribs rivaled the best he had in Memphis, home of BBQ.
Now the desserts were huge in size and yummy in taste.
One person ordered the sundae and loved it!
Another ordered the creme brûlée, which was also amazing and  I had the cherry granola square with ice cream, which was delicious!
If you are looking for good food, at a fair price and off the Strip, then head to this restaurant and be pleasantly pleased!
Note: it is a little tricky to find so use your gps.
(4 miles from the Strip).
It is next to a Starbucks on Warm Springs Rd.

We tried the fish and chips.
The fish was very heavily breaded and soaked in grease from the fryer - gave me a stomache ache :(

I don't have time to Yelp, but this is way over due...
In this city where restaurants come and go there is one that never ever disappointed me... Table 34.
The service is always good so our the meal, I have been going there for over 10 years and will keep going!
The arugola salad with goat cheese, apples and walnuts in a citrus dressing was delicious.
I wanted pizza and decided to try the pizza with bacon, gouda cheese, spinach and mushroom...
LOVED!
To full for dessert.
Another great meal at Table 34.
Prices are right, service is good, food is delicious and location is easy to get to.

I've been to Table 34 more times than I care to admit however it was one of my favorite go to places when traveling on business mainly out of convenience.
Although I've never eaten dinner here, I can tell you that the lunches are top notch.
I'm a little embarrassed to admit but one of my lunch staples here was their mac-n-cheese.
Why on earth would grown man be ordering that??
Because colleagues spoke highly about it and I just had to give it a try.
Glad I did because I ended up ordering this dish more times than not.
This isn't your boxed mac-n-cheese.
No, this is a multi cheese dish that is ultimately covered in more cheese / bread crumbs and broiled to perfection.
If you don't want to eat as an 8 year old, which I cannot blame you, other good bets are their pizzas.
If you're a fan of mushrooms, I'd recommend their wild mushroom  pizza.
Each time I've Ben here, I've never had any issues with the service as  they have always been extremely attentive and responsive to my requests.
The staff is not flat as other restaurants and always willing to jar around some friendly banter.
The only downside to Table 34 is its location.
For first timers, it can be a little difficult to find.
Perhaps that's a good thing for me?

I really have enjoyed both of my dining experiences at Table 34.
The crowd is a bit on the older side, but It still has a fun lively atmosphere.
We always settle in with few bottles of wine and no one has seemed to care that my dinning partners and I are still there well after everyone else as finished there desserts and gone home for the evening!
The servers are very attentive and knowledgeable about the wine selection.
Great menu & wine selection with decent prices.
It's a nice neighborhood spot!

Great restaurant every time.
My go-to restaurant for lunch.
You can't go wrong here.

After picking up a friend from the airport we were looking for a place close by to eat, we had a 3 hour window to eat and get back to the airport to drop him off for his next flight.
The original idea was Bachi Burger, however, following our last meal there we figured it would be better to give the place more time to get the kinks out as three semi negative reviews (the food is great, the service side needs help) in 3 weeks would just seem a little mean spirited.
So a quick check on Yelp gave us Table 34, yes it's certainly different from Bachi, but good food is good food.
The location is interesting, as noted by Shari S, but being across the parking lot from Aristocrat Gaming probably isn't a bad idea, at least as far as working lunches are concerned.
Let's get this out of the way, the service was good, no complaints in any way to be had.
The food ranges from comfort (meatloaf) to Oven Roasted Half Duckling with Wild Rice Pilaf & Cherry-Port Wine Reduction, nothing really stretching the palette, but, if done well it can certainly be a home run.
Well in our case, it was a home run, a couple of small miscues, but even our friend who is a total foodie left happy.
For the starters, I went with the Manhattan chowder, this was probably the weakest of the dishes we had tonight, don't get me wrong, it was good, but, maybe a little watery for my taste.
My wife had the  tomato and buffalo mozzarella which was excellent, a high grade of mozzarella was used along with just the right amount of balsamic.
Our friend had the prosciutto wrapped figs, these were also well done, though honestly I do prefer Fire Fly's take on this dish, again it was good, but personal taste must rule.
For our entrees.
Myself and our friend had one of the specials of the day, baby back ribs, certainly not gourmet food, but a dish that is all to easy to make a complete mess off.
Well I am happy to say, the ribs themselves were excellent, perfectly cooked, the dish came with Cajun fries, on both dishes the "Cajun" part was weak, there was a little spice, but I was expecting a little more kick.
Of course the other part of a rib dish is the sauce, in this case it was very good, the taste was, while not BBQ, it fitted the dish very well, again though, it did seem a little watery, but it was certainly something I would recommend and order again without hesitation.
My wife had the salmon, again a simple dish done right, she also said the cauliflower puree was excellent.
The portion sizes for all dishes were large, you will not leave here hungry.
For dessert, the three of us split a creme brulee, another simple dish that can be killed by a bad chef, this one however was the highlight of the dinner, perfectly prepared.
So in all, a great simple dinner, made with good ingredients, prepared very well, with good service in a nice atmosphere, at a reasonable price, something that is rare here in Vegas and it will certainly be a restaurant we will be eating at again.
I will also say, there was a group there celebrating a young (5-6) girls birthday, the wait staff showed their skills, they certainly made the young lady feel special, without interfering with the tables seated around them, a big thumbs up.
Actually, whoever trained this staff, please go help Bachi Burger find their way.

Fancy little place near business buildings on warm springs.
I personally think Vegas needs more of these hidden gems throughout the valley.
The food was decent, i ordered the crab cakes and coworker ordered the salmon.
Both were prepared very well, the crab cakes were perfectly size and contained a good amount of real crab meat.
Its hard to make salmon taste like anything else but salmon, if that even makes sense but this place made the outer layer extra crispy and seasoned it very well.
Normally I'd give this place a 4 stars but it was a bit over priced which is then turns into a mediocre restaurant.

Ordered a cornbeef rueben.. and its bomb.. cant go wrong with this for lunch.
:) also comes with free bread.. :)

Yes they do take reservations.
but what if you are trying to make a reservation when they are closed?
No live person answers the phone.
I cant wait to hear back from somebody.
This day and age, everything is done electronically because we all operate more efficiently that way.
This place needs to get some kind of online reservations.

Excellent innovative New American cuisine in decent portions, with great flavors.
I loved the prosciutto wrapped fig salad, and the rack of pork was cooked just right.
The atmosphere is upscale casual and the service spot-on.
This is one of the best off-strip restaurants in LV.

great date night place.
I would highly recommend.
Fresh seasonal menu and knowledgeable staff.
Worth a visit!

Very classy lunch spot.
This place would be better only if it was bigger and had a little bit more elbow room.
It's a tight fit but the food is second to none!
Highly recommended

Way overpriced.
$31 for meatloaf?
Go to Hash House at M Resort instead.

One of the best places to eat in Las Vegas!
The atmoshphere, food, and service is top notch!
Great for a special occasion or just a weeknight dinner out!
Can't say enough good about this place!

If you're looking to expand your culinary horizons beyond Applebee's and Chili's, Table 34 is just the place for you.
The food is unpretentious, solid and well prepared.
Don't expect new culinary wonders to marvel at, but I guarantee you'll love what you have.
It pains me to give this place a 3, but since our server was MIA for the majority of our meal I've come to the sad realization of how important service is.
So in a nutshell we waited 45 minutes to order food after practically tackling our server to put in a drink order.
Does that seem long- perhaps no, but we came dangerously close to polishing off our bottle of wine with no food in sight.
In the midst of waiting to order we also ended up flagging down a bus boy to bring us water..
So our thirst was quenched, but we were starving.
After placing our order we basically had to wave our arms around and grab a hurried server  to order drinks.
Water refills were apparently a pipe dream and we ended up sharing water glasses and drinking way more liquor than need be..  40 minutes later our food arrives-- thank god- we were drunk and needed something to soak up the liquor.
I ordered the shrimp with angel hair pasta and tomato basil sauce and thought it was tasty.
I've had a similar entree many times before, so it was nothing exciting, but it was very good..  My family claims it was a fluke and service is usually excellent, but when you're left wondering if your server just decided to take a 2 hour break, a tasty meal with excellent company turns into a laborious dinner out...

we have not been here in a long time and after this visit, I can guarantee it will NOT be long before we return.
The food was AWESOME, the prices a steal for the customer as the food is so awesome, I am sure they could charge more, BUT DON'T!!!
We have NEVER been disappointed here.
This place has gone through some staff changes over the years, but the quality has never changed.
If you want a gourmet meal, you can count on this place.
This is a TRUE HIDDEN GEM which I am not talking about on YELP, what is wrong with me.
This place deserves a 5 star and if you have the opportunity to visit this place, you will be happy you did.
The butternut squash soup, to die for, the NY Steak cooked to perfection, the Halibut amazing gourmet and the bread???
Bring stretchy pants when you go here because you will want more and more and more.
Make sure you leave room for the desert as it is just as amazing as the food.
If you leave here disappointed, its your fault.
When the crowd died down the chef even came out of the kitchen to say hello and see how things were.
The staff is just amazing and Tony at the door treats you like you are family.
What a great place, great people and great food.
There are a lot of regulars and this place and I think I will become one as well.

We hit this lovely little spot as part of our RW tour of restaurants and were not dissappointed.
This little gem is tucked away behind a Starbucks that I must've driven past 100 times and never noticed.
Service: We were seated promptly though the place was busy and we were 15 minutes early.
Our waitress gave us some wonderful suggestions on what to order and she was extremely friendly.
We did notice that the service slowed down around our main course and it took some time to get our dessert and pay our check but this would not deter me from returning.
Food:  I ordered the duck confit quesadilla which came with a nice little salad and my sister the beet goat cheese salad as appetizers; both were delicious though I would pick the duck over the salad since it is not something you find very often and it was super tasty.
For our main courses I ordered the signature baby back ribs with the tasty molasses glaze, it was falling off the bone and delicious.
My sister went with the butternut squash ravioli which we had both been eyeing but turned out to be disappointing as the pasta was under cooked and the filling was bland; the sauce however was wonderful.
For dessert I went with the peanut butter pie, it was extremely rich but so good and the honey comb clusters really topped it wonderfully.
Again my sister got the short end of the stick as she went with the lemon cheesecake that was mediocre compared to my peanut butter goodness though fine if you aren't comparing it to the other dessert.

Last night, Frank and I dined at Table 34.
I've heard good things and Restaurant Week was the perfect excuse.
I made a reservation last week, but they didn't have it.
Fortunately, they had seating available and we were seated right away.
We both chose the Restaurant Week menu; three courses for $40.13.
We started with Duck Confit Quesadilla with Spicy-Blackberry Syrah Coulis, this was delicious and it came with a small salad and scrumptious grapes.
I'd return for this alone (but everything was really good)!
It bursts with flavor.
Entrees were brought over a short bit later, I had Butternut Squash Ravioli with Sage-Brown Butter and Toasted Walnuts and Frank had the Grilled Pork Chop with Chipotle Potato Puree, Mixed Veggies and Hard Cider Glaze.
Both were well executed and very good, but Frank chose the better dish.
The chipotle mashed were hearty and smokey.
And the chop was tender, juicy, and had a nice char.
And then for dessert, Frank chose the Chocolate-Peanut Butter Pie with Honeycomb Clusters and Lemon Cheesecake with Candied Lemon Zest.
The peanuts with the honeycomb reminded me of Crunch-N-Munch, the chocolate peanut butter pie was creamy and decadent.
The cheesecake tasted like summer, it was light and comforting with a nice blend of sweet and tart.
Service was quick and friendly.
The restaurant had a nice atmosphere; even when full it wasn't too noisy.
Table 34 is a real gem.
It was nice to see them openly promote Restaurant Week.
All too often restaurants hide the specials and they're only offered when asked.

Spring Restaurant Week 2013  This place was packed!
It was crazy loud in there.
We were both starving so we wanted to order immediately.
Buffalo Fried Shrimp with Creamy Cole Slaw, these were good but it only came with 3 shrimp.
Herb Roasted Jidori Chicken with Apple-Sage Dressing, Vegetables and Natural Jus, this was delicious.
It tasted even better the next day and I usually hate leftovers.
Lemon Cheesecake for dessert, this was my least favorite.
Our food took close to an hour to come out, the app took a long time to come out and then dinner came out really close after that.
I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt because it was busy.
I would come back to try some other menu items for sure.

We went here for the first time during resturant week.
We have nothing to say but good things about this place.
The service was great, the food was fantastic and the atmosphere was relaxing.
We will definately be back.
Thanks for a great evening out.

Hello my new favorite restaurant!
First, let me start with saying that this place is not Michael's Gourmet Room, Restaurant Guy Savoy, etc., which I usually reserve my 5 stars for.
But putting Table 34 in context of a local restaurant with similar price points, you just can't beat it.
Not only is the food a nice fusion of French and Italian for a new American twist and wonderful flavor, but the portion sizes are generous and the price point is affordable.
The staff is wonderful, although the restaurant is on the smaller size.
If you want to try this fabulous place, you should make a reservation.
I would recommend everything.
my friends and I each ordered different things and everyone loved what they ordered.
I can't wait to try something new the next time I go.

This review is only for lunch.
I've been here twice and thoroughly enjoyed both experiences.
The staff is very knowledgable and professional.
What I really respect is the chef and his passion and creativity.
He keeps his menu seasonal and inventive, but at the same time very approachable and clean.
On one trip we had an excellent assortment of warm bread, my second visit we were offered one type of cold slightly stale bread.
Other than that I have no other complaints.
I can't wait to come back for dinner.

My favorite Las Vegas restaurant.
Delicious food and first-rate service.

Waitress was great.
Very knowledgeable, never had to ask for refills, or wait for our plates to be cleared.
Food was ok, nothing to write home about.... overpriced.

This is hands down my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.
Everything on the menu is excellent--you can't go wrong.
The ingredients are fresh and the food is delicious.
They are very generous with their portions and reasonably priced.
The wait staff and service is superb.
All the staff is terrific, but my favorite waitress is Jeanenna.
She makes you feel like you are getting 5-star treatment every time.
Must try the beet salad, roasted vegetable with quinoa or the arugula and goat cheese salad.
For dinner, the fish is always fresh, the ravioli are excellent, the rack of lamb impressive and the roasted chicken with the apple sage stuffing are just a few of my favorites.This is truly a gem in the Las Vegas off strip culinary world and you are missing out if you have not yet dinned here.
One of the best restaurants in town!

We planned on drinks at the bar prior to dinner, however it was so small and already full that we weren't able to.
Dinner was okay, nothing to rave about.
The so called specials were more expensive than the entrees listed on the menu.
The wine list was disappointing.
The restaurant had a cafeteria feel to it, I expected it to be more contemporary and elegant.
This is definitely the hang out place for the older crowd...I'm 29 and felt out of place dining here.

Really nice easy going atmosphere and good service makes this place a solid choice.
A date night with a good woman where you can dress casual and its quiet helps too.
My pork chops with sweet potatoes were on point.
Nothing great but acceptable.
Appetizer was a duck quesadilla with a blackberry coulis was a little too heavy.
I think I should of skipped this and went straight for chops.

Since I work in the area, I have had this place on my radar for ages, but never got around to going for lunch until recently for a team lunch.
The place is really, roomier than I expected and very airy and light.
The service was extremely attentive and friendly.
I started with a green iced tea and some of their complimentary bread with butter.
They have a pretty extensive lunch menu but I decided on the linguini with chicken, spinach and tomatoes in garlic sauce.
The pasta was very fresh, I was loving that and the portion was incredibly generous.
I ended up having plenty to take home with me for a second lunch the next day.
We rounded out our meal with several desserts to share around the table.
We had creme brulee, chocolate peanut butter torte, lime tart and lemon cheesecake.
They were all delightful, but my favorites were the lemon cheesecake and lime tart which were really light and delicate with just the right amount of tartness.
Since I work in the area, I see myself coming here again really soon.
It's a little on the expensive side but it's nice for a splurge every once in a while.

Went in for happy hour on a Thursday night @ 5:30.
Nice atmosphere, much older crowd (6 people in the whole place, all over 50) music was all wrong, walked in & bar tender, was eating tater tots with a patron.
What an impression!
Artichoke with moxed greens was fantastic!
Pizza don't bother, cheese plate so-so & sweet potato tots (hard to mess up, but mustard dipping sauce no good.
The lemon aioli that was served with the artichoke should also be with the tots.
Kinda bummed, I really wanted to like he place!

Enjoyed the final evening of Restaurant Week at Table 34.
They offered numerous selections for each course, more than many other restaurants, so it was fun that the four of us were able to sample from a variety of offerings.
We started at the bar, waiting for our dinner partners.
A very pleasant, older woman made me a savory dirty martini and suggested a lovely chardonnay for my husband.
Our first entree:  citrus & garlic green lip mussels served with a fresh ocean salad; duck confit quesadilla with a drizzle of a blackberry syrah coulis; heirloom tomatoes & mozzarella with a balsamic reduction, and chilled beets with goat cheese, candied walnuts and raspberry vinaigrette.
Very nice servings and beautiful presentations!
The mussels were awesome, the duck confit quesadilla was so savory, the chilled beets were incredibly refreshing, and heirloom tomatoes are always so flavorful.
2nd Course:  All four of us went for the same two dishes!
Seared salmon with a cauliflower puree and lemon-dill butter, and the grilled pork chop with the chipotle potato puree, asparagus and a cider glaze.
The cider glaze was a wonderful, slightly sweet compliment to the grilled pork chops (nice grill marks, by the way), and the chipotle potato puree was a earthy, slightly sweet surprise.
And then there was the salmon.
Wow!
Perfectly cooked & incredibly tender without being slimy and cauliflower was so light yet didn't lose that smoky, earthy cauliflower flavor.
Wonderful!
3rd Couse:  Since there were four dessert offerings and four of us, well it was obvious.
We were all dubious of the chocolate, peanut butter pie but what a surprise!
True to its flavors but without overwhelming or anything in-your-face.
I personally loved the refreshingly light lemon cheesecake.
It had this candied lemon zest on top that was just incredible.
After trying McConnell's Creme Di Leche And Churro ice cream served with a caramel sauce and generous, crunchy, churro-like cookie/cracker, my husband is determined to buy McConnell's ice cream.
Are you a chocolate lover?
The flourless chocolate cake is decadent and served with a raspbberry coulis.
It's sinful and rich!
Thank you, Table 34 for a wonderful meal!

This place has the best food and wine combination of any Las Vegas Strip restaurant.
The pricing is very reasonable and I absolutely loved the waiter's description of the menu.
I'm going to definitely start eating here regularly.

It has been a few years since I have been at the restaurant since I'm not in this part of town, but last night we went to Town Square to walk around and grab dinner.
We ended up walking around, but everywhere we went it was packed and we didn't want to wait 30 min for a table.
So I convinved my wife to hop in the car and run down the street 5 min away down Warm Springs.
At 8:30 there were 5 other tables and we walked right in.
Chef Wes and his team did a great job!
My wife had a great steak and I had the swordfish which was wonderful.
Only issue I had was with a cocktail that didn't taste right, but my server corrected that quickly.
Service was great and food was wonderful.
We will be back soon!

5 stars service from John Kerry's double.
He care and he's a pro.
Few dishes were very good.
Others ordinary.
At the premium price, not worth it in my opinion unless in the area on the corporate Amex or to grab a quick bite with a friend.
Decor relaxing.
3.5 stars would be more fair.

Had lunch here with my co worker for the first time, and man I tell you everything I had was well proportioned and taste great, a little pricy but you get what you paid for

Yummy yummy.
And excellent service.
Enough said!

Met a friend for lunch, this was my first time here.
I used to work in this area but never had the chance to stop in.
I am glad I finally got the chance.
I like the decor.
It is much bigger from what I imagined.
We were seated right away.
Our server was great.
There when we needed her, not pesky.
I had the steak salad, I am not much of a salad person, however this was fantastic.
The steak was so tender, I did not even need a steak knife.
Perfectly cooked and seasoned.
The dressing was a little sweet, not overwhelming.
The salad was perfectly dressed.
It came with roasted potatoes, they were a little under seasoned.
It had tossed walnuts added a nice crunch factor.
I would have this dish again.
My friend had the steak sandwich she said it was great.
Hers came with a side of pasta salad which was also good.
Yes it is pricey, but you get what you pay for, and to have great food and service, then to me it is worth it.

Great neighborhood restaurant!
I had the stuffed chicken and it was fantastic!
The bartender is a little cranky, but she makes a good drink:-)

Very attentive staff.
Even though it was busy on a Thursday afternoon, it seems like there was a waiter/waitress for every 3-4 tables.
I ordered their special, a pasta dish with wild boar meatballs.
Not only did I feel super manly eating it, but it was delicious too.

It's restaurant week!
What better excuse to try out a new local restaurant?
After a very careful review of all of the participating restaurants on the 3 square list, I decided to try out Table 34.
The restaurant itself is tucked away in a corner, in a strip of shops.
I probably never would have noticed it driving by, but it is definitely a hidden gem.
I made a 7:30 reservation, and arrived a little bit early, so we waited at the bar until our table was ready.
The bar is small, with just 8 chairs and a television, but it is cute and we were able to grab some chairs and have a glass of wine.
One of the reasons I chose this restaurant was because they have such a large selection of options for their restaurant week menu.
I ordered the duck quesadillas, the short ribs and the ice cream sundae, while my fiancé ordered the beet and goat cheese salad, macaroni and cheese, and the peanut butter pie.
I can't pick a favorite out of everything we ordered, because it was all amazing.
The sauce on my quesadillas was yummy, my ribs were falling off the bone tender, the macaroni was some of the best macaroni I have ever had, and the desserts were both awesome!
We were extremely happy with all of our choices.
We went our compliments back to the kitchen, and the chef personally came out to our table to thank us.
As an overall  experience, we had a great time here.
The atmosphere is fun and elegant without being stuffy, the food is top notch, and I love how much care and love that obviously goes into the menu and the food.
I can't wait to go back and try some more dishes!

We've been meaning to try this place for ages and finally made it over.
I had  the caprese salad as a starter and my husband had clam chowder.
Both excellent.
I ate the ribs (not on the menu but they have them "every night," according to the server), and husband had the meatloaf.
Both were awesome, portions large and we had to pack half up to take home.
I love that the service of this place was just the right mix of attentive and relaxed.
Meaning - I felt tended to but not rushed.
The was an appropriate wait between starters and main dishes, which was great -  I HATE being rushed in that aspect.
We'll be back.

I've been coming to Table 34 on a semi/occasional basis for probably about 10 years now.
My recent trip was fabulous as usual.
Table 34 is the place we can always count on for well done cocktails and great food.
Service has always been exceptional and price is fair for the quality of the meals.
Can't recommend enough!

Lovely lunch with a friend.
I had the beet goat cheese salad and they added some greens for me .
Delicious !
My friend had the prime rib steak salad with horseradish/blue cheese and that was very good.
Lovely server, nice atmosphere .
No time for dessert, but I will definitely return and try them!

I came here for a work lunch.
The food was very good, as was the service.
I would return here.

Went here recently for daughter's birthday.
As always, excellent service,food good, but pricey.
One of our favorite places.

Good food, decent service, huge plates so my boyfriend and I always split something and it's more than enough.
Wine list is meh, and we are always the youngest diners in there (only ever dined there for dinner) -- definitely a (way) older crowd... Not a cool "scene" at all, just convenient for us as it's so close to our house, and for a healthy yummy dinner it works!

We decided to go here for lunch as we really like this place, however, at lunch time they must have a different person in the kitchen then the normal Chef at dinner.
The atmosphere was totally different amongst the staff and the food took an very long time to come out and we were one of only 3 tables at the time, two of them already had their food.
My wife ordered the fish special Ono and it was overcooked and dry.
She sent it back and not only did she get a snooty look from our server, the manager & chef did not even bat an eye...basically neither one cared one bit because they never came over.
I thought this was a classy place that really cared about the customers, but I guess it is only sometimes depending on who is there.
She ordered the salmon to replace the Ono and that was much better, it came with a butter sauce which was a nice touch.
I had the meatloaf and that was amazing.
So the 3 stars is not really for the food as things happen depending on who is cooking, it is strictly for the attitude of the staff from our server to the kitchen to the manager....

Had out of town visitors who look for best kept secrets off the strip-so we tried Table 34.What an exceptional dinner!
The food was very fresh, beautifully presented, and wonderful flavors.
The pricing seems firm for the suburbs, however the quality is exceptional and the portions are large so actually is better than the ala carte pricing so common on the strip.
I can't recall a more polite and attentive server and the pleasant bistro feel made for a great way to catch up with friends.
Grilled salmon and asparagus were gorgeous and tasty, a vegan diner was accommodated deliciously, and the chocolate salted caramel ice cream and cream Brule were very good.
I look forward to returning often.

Had a great meal here.
Their ribs are fantastic.
A sweet yet savory sauce to top it off.
Only thing was that my fries were really over salted or over seasoned.
Great atmosphere.
Kinda far from the strip.

I've been coming to Table 34 on a semi/occasional basis for a lil while now.
It is conveniently located near my work, and we have even had it catered in.
I have always had great service here; the staff is very friendly and attentive.
The food is fresh, beautifully presented, and has great flavor.

Always a great experience!
Called just moments before we arrived to set up a reservation, they had tables open and advised to head in.
Although the host mentioned this, he then asked if I was celebrating anything...I explained no, but that I was bringing a special lady with me...my mother.
Shortly after the call we walk in and he had took the short 5 min to set up a table in the back by the window.
Now, the table very well may have been open but the fact that the host remembered the call and gave us the choice was a great gesture!
Food was amazing!
Tried their 10 year anniversary menu, which they donated a part of the menu price to a local charity.
I do quite a bit of philanthropy work on the side, and this is always good to see...locals helping locals.
I had the Duck Confit Quesadilla as an appetizer...asked the server to chose the entree with either the Lobster Mac and Cheese or the Blackened Flat Iron Steak.
He brought the steak, perfectly cooked!
Finally for desert I had the Brownie Sundae.
Service is always spot on, from the host to the waiters to the bussers.
I recommend everyone try this restaurant, great high dollar food for a reasonable dollar price!
Can't wait to go back!

