There nothing more magical than a comic book store......well, maybe a Unicorn.
Dark Tower is RAD!!!!!
(and Unicorns will always rule!
)  What sets Dark Tower apart from other comic shops is organization and comfort.
When you first step it...amazingly enough there are things, on shelves, in order.
I don't wanna dis too hard on other comic stores, but, some you walk into and it's like a nerds basement blew up, which of course can be part of a stores charm.
However, if you're a weekly comic booker, like me ( GOD BLESS WEDNESDAY ) you kinda wanna get in and out...with out the searching for your regular books and what's new.
( i usually have to get home ASAP to see what Terry Dodson is dressing Diana Prince in this month.....LOOK IT UP!
)  The Ballsy location, right across the parking lot (less than 2 yards) from Borders Book Store is a little hidden if you're not familiar with the Sahara Pavilion Shopping Center.
Master the Mapquest and it shouldn't be too hard to find.
In addition to the great books in stock.....check out the awesome selection of  Superhero Couture aka T-shirts.
And the huge RPG play space in the back of the store.
OH YEAH, I don't wanna forget about the great customer service....if you need anything ask for Canon.
(i think this is just his day job, by night he must be some mystical costumed avenger.

First in a series of reviews of comic book shops in Las Vegas.
Things that were good: I appreciate the big Namco Collection coin-op in the doorway.
My friend and I were distracted by it and played a round of Bubble Bobble before moving on to the rest of the shop.
The shop is well lit and organized -- I guess?
I mean, things are on nice shelving units, but I found the organization scheme to be a little confusing and they have a lot of graphic novels and back issues.
Helpful would be if the owners decided to put labels on the racks for where the DC books start and end, which rack is back issues, etc.
I am not noting this as bad since an afternoon with a printer and a laminator could fix this problem immediately.
Things that were bad:   They have a lot of gaming stuff here.
I guess the two interests collide in a lot of people -- I game too, but mixing the two is usually not my bag.
But the major points off go to the shop guys hanging out in the back who having a discussion about 'those fags' Colossus and Northstar.
Homophobia is so last century.

