This place served extremely strong margaritas and decent food but the service was HORRIBLE!
Our server was nice but completely remiss in attending to our needs.
Two of my friends sent their food back to be rewarmed and it took forever for us to eat despite having been ready to place our orders almost immediately.
Don't go unless you have a lot of time to wait around as they seem completely disorganized.

48 ounces of margarita bliss!
I'll say it again: FORTY-EIGHT.
Yeah!
You have to carry around this dorky glass though, but about halfway thru it, you realy don't care who stares at you.
It's $24, but when you think about it, most margaritas cost about $8 for 8 ounces....
So you're actually SAVING money by buying in bulk.
Chips were fine, salsa was fine, guac was fine.
Service was fine.
Booze was awesome.
Lots of tequila selection, and if you ask really nicely, you might get to sample some of the different kinds.
Look for the bartender with the big earrings.
She'll hook you up.

Breakfast for $4.95.
Two eggs.
Two pieces of bacon.
Some grilled potatoes and two flour tortillas.
Within walking distance of Planet Hollywood.
Probably the best combination for two hungover San Diegans waking up from a long night of drinking, dancing and starting trouble!

I feel sorry for anyone that eats the breakfast here.
In a hungover state, my friend and I were lured in by the "$3.95 Breakfast Special" as we passed by this place at Planet Hollywood.
We were seated right away and was surrounded by the generic "cantina" atmosphere.
I had a gut feeling the "$3.95" special wouldn't taste good so I took a chance with the steak n' eggs.
It took them 20+minutes to get our orders with no apology.
My dish had no soul, it was tasteless and disgusting.
She asked me three times if I wanted a refill on my Bailey's and Coffee within a span of 5 minutes.
Place is awful, you guys should try harder if you want to keep on paying that overhead to stay at Planet Hollywood.

I love Mexican food but customer service is horrible so I tend to avoid it now.
I hate being ignored especially when you only have a few minutes to eat.
The staff is plain rude, we went to Blondie's accross the street, service was still slow but the waitresses are quite friendly.

I did not eat here but boy oh boy did I drink here   I think I had two of the tall drinks twice/day while staying in Vegas & I only wanted them from La Salsa   The bartenders made them fast & strong each time  Not to mention after making the drink they put extras shots of tequila in them to top things off!
Now that's my kind of bar, the drinks were around $16 but kept me staggering all night long   I should have just came here instead of buying drinks at some club that barely uses alcohol in their drinks at all   Remember in Vegas a little tip goes a long way & also gets you a lot of tequila shots

It is quite difficult to find reasonably priced, good quality food on the Las Vegas strip.
La Salsa Cantina is one decent option.
The food is fairly good, I had the fajita burrito which is a nice variation from your typical burrito.
The service and drinks leave a bit to be desired unfortunately.

Nothing special.
That's about it.
I had a craving for some nachos - average.
My husband had the enchladas - again, average.
I tried a pina colada - super average.
The service - not so great.
We went for lunch.
It wasn't crowded.
In fact, I didn't see many people.
And yet it was hard to get the waitress to the table.

Good service at the bar and the food is good too.

Maybe because, I'm from San Diego?
I dunno I went here for a brunch, and it is a bar as well as a resturant, but the food just lacked.
It wasn't even the hole in the wall mexican good, it was the good to Walmart buy a taco kit and some eggs n' call it a day.
They have a large drinking "glass" that you can get yourself plastered with, but it's just .
eh, the only thing entertaining is some of the decor and people watching.

meh.
I've experienced better.
My annual trip to Vegas always includes 8:01 am trips to La Salsa for their breakfast.
And by breakfast, I mean 99 cent bloody mary's.
And by 99 cent bloody mary's, I mean cups of ice and vodka and watery bloody mary mix that keeps me going for another few hours before passing out around noon after the The food is nothing fantastic, but let's be serious when I am still awake at 8 am, (and by awake, I mean wastedface) I am not in the mood for 5 star dining!
All I need is hot food, zero waiting time, and 99 cent bloody mary's.
For the breakfast prices, the food is definitely not bad.
Most of it is pretty decent, just bland.
The mary's are also very bland, it's more like tomato juice and vodka.
But, there is enough vodka to satisfy me, and plenty of cholula on the table to make it tasty!
Like I said, price-wise, breakfast is awesome.
Under 7 bucks for just about everything, and good portions.
Lunch and dinner are definitely more expensive, but not bad compared to other strip restaurants.
If you're staying at Planet Hollywood, or are in the Miracle Mile shops, come here for a good breakfast deal.
If you are not in the vicinity.. go somewhere else.
But, all this being said..
I come here just about every day, on every vegas trip.

WOWWWWWW.
This place sucked.
Simply put, this place charges way too much money for low-quality food.
I hate that this is the first place I've reviewed that is forcing me to give it a one-star rating.
I almost wanted to give it two stars because the carnitas in my tacos was pretty good, but the rest of the food and the entire experience was pretty underwhelming.
My boyfriend ordered the chicken fajita quesadilla appetizer and he said he had about two pieces of chicken in it.
He was really disappointed with the taste.
I ordered the Two Tacos platter of carnitas.
The tacos were all right, nothing special.
I reeeeally tried to eat the rice and beans, but it was not happening.
I tried eating them over and over and the taste kept putting me off.
They just tasted so inauthentic and old.
I also ordered the almost $3 chips and salsa (I don't know why I paid for chips and salsa -_-) and those were just mediocre.
Everything I ate pretty much tasted like it had been microwaved a million times or had that inauthentic store-bought taste.
Bleghhh.
That's all we ordered and the total was almost $30.
Luckily we drank water, but if we had ordered soft drinks or anything more expensive our total would have been at least $35.
It was REALLY badly overpriced.
The service wasn't great, either.
Nothing to rave or rant about.
I feel like I work hard for my dollar and I was so sorry I had wasted so much money in one place.
I will not go here again and I would not recommend this place.

Meh.
Mediocre Mexican.
Overpriced, naturally.
The queso dip's pretty solid.
The baja shrimp tacos were rather tasty, but they're by no means jumbo shrimp.
The fish tacos weren't too great.
Pretty sure the fish was mahi-mahi, but it was hella overcooked and the seasoning just wasn't working...

OK, so here's an example of a place not being quite as bad as the reviews... if you order the right thing.
Hungover (I'm sensing a theme here), we headed across the street to La Salsa.
Ordered some nachos... not bad and then decided to share the beef fajitas (the server's recommendation).
Really good.
Surprisingly awesome, actually.
I was shocked.
The beef was super tender and really flavorful.
Though I wouldn't exactly rush back to La Salsa Cantina (service was OK, drinks were OK, the whole experience was "OK"), I would order the beef fajitas again if they were guaranteed to be as wicked good as they were on this occasion.
Maybe that's the hangover talking.
I dunno.
Definitely good eats though.

We ate here for breakfast.
Restaurant was half full.
Food was good but it took about 20 mins to get it out.
In addition waitress was not responsive.

Margs are expensive, but so is everything else in Vegas.
They are heaven in a cheap plastic cup...

I went to this restaurant after a long day's travel with my girlfriend and a bit of shopping at the Miracle Mile.
I had been there in the past.
Once again, I was not disappointed.
I had the Taco Salad, it was fresh, cold and crisp.
My girlfriend had Taquito Sunrises which were also very good.
The ambiance was nice as we had a table near the mall's water fountain.
The music a little loud at times, but if you like to be in a little action out of the heat, this a good place to be.
Service was just right, the server was polite and courteous.
We each had a drink and main dish for less than $40 for both of us.
If you are looking for good Mexican food with no frills and good service, this is a place to go.

This place is our breakfast spot when staying at Planet Hollywood.
For 4 dollars you get 2 eggs, bacon (or ham or sausage), potatos, and tortillas (before 11 am).
Our server was really nice and the food tasted good enough.
The coffee however, was pretty terrible.
Totally watered down.
I also had dinner here before.
I had the shrimp fajitas and they were pretty good.
If you stick with the basic you'll be fine.
Easy and quick place to eat.

Ate dinner here on a Saturday night.
Their customer service was fantastic.
Had the nachos as a starter and they were pretty good as far as nachos go.
Dinner was DELICIOUS!!.
I had a burrito with roasted carnitas and green chile sauce on top.
My aunt had enchiladas with green chile sauce on top.
Both came with rice and beans (I had pinto).
I would like to go here again and bring my husband.
They have a fun food challenge.
If you can finish their yard margarita and giant burrito, you get a t-shirt.
Even if you can't finish it, the meal is a great deal.
Not sure if they would let you order and split, forfeiting the challenge, but would be worth a try.

Super fast, decently priced and pretty delicious.
It's not gourmet but it's certainly not fast food and I've always had a delicious meal served promptly.
Lots of options for vegetarians, each clearly marked on the menu, and the servers are surprisingly knowledgeable and accommodating when it comes to dietary restrictions.
All around great place for a quick bite that won't blow your budget.

Quick service and average prices for drinks.
$9 for a shot of henny isn't great, but according to Vegas prices, they're not bad.
Added star for the cool video gambling at the bar area.

Middle of the pack food with inflated prices thanks to its location.
The margaritas tasted great but left us to ordering if they forgot to add the Tequila.
I'd suggest sticking to the appetizers since they're more than big enough as a meal and relatively reasonably priced.

Overpriced average mexican american food.
I already had my reservations about coming here but we wanted some easy mexican food and were too hungry to venture far.
Since this is a la salsa cantina they have a nice setup and drinks but we were only here to eat.
Nothing that really stands out on the menu so most of us ended up with our choice of meat on fajitas.
You only get 2 tortillas with your fajitas which I know is the norm for them but I think is pretty dumb.
Might as well make me two tacos and call it a day.
Fajita Steak - very weak thin slices of beef not sure how you can pass that off as steak.
Fajita Chicken - decently tender and juicy not dried out   Fajita Pork - shredded pork with pretty good flavor, best out of the meats we had.
Food was average and pretty much what I expected from here.
I am picky about mexican food and prefer a taco street vendor or socal taqueria over the fluffed up american joints.
Overpriced in general and with so much great food around the area really just not worth it.

Not a bad place.
Food was good, environment was nice.
Music messed it up alittle though.
I really don't think playing yellow submarine in a Mexican food restaurant is authentic especially when it looked like that's the theme they were going for.
Servers are ok but all over the place.
All in all not bad.

A good $4 breakfast special and 99 cent bloody marys.
If you want cheap, decent, and relatively quick this is a good place.
If you want indulgent, head over to Hash House A Go Go or one of the better breakfast buffets.

we stopped by here on the way out of the miracle mile shops on our last day.
the food was really tasty, i had a carne asada burrito and it was a really good buritto.
prices didnt' seem too steep in my opinion, typical sit down mexican restaurant prices ($13ish for the burrito).
they do have the 50 ounce margaritas in the tall vegas type cup, but it is kinda pointless to pay that much for it when it only has 3 shots of alcohol in it (we asked the bartender).
better off spending the money at fat tuesday and getting extra shots of everclear for a dollar.
but the food was good, portions were large so we were happy

We only came here because everyone was hungry and the prices at Cheeseburger (a close by restaurant) looked a little high.
Turns out the prices at this place are higher and the food was probably not as good as it would have been if we went somewhere else!
I wasn't very hungry so I just got a Mexican Pizza (appetizer).
I paid way too much (over $10) for a burnt, flavorless pizza.
Taco Bell has better food than this place!!
I wouldn't go back!!!
And I don't recommend anyone else go!

The $3.95 breakfast special is what called out to us as we walked down the strip... we we're all for it but what ruined this place for me was their DISGUSTING coffee.
The server told me prior that it was colombian coffee but I can't believe it because it was the most horrid, watered down coffee I've had in such a long time.
I tried it both hot and iced mind you.
The breakfast on the other hand was pretty good but theres no way in hell I'd return.
Breakfast and coffee go together like a hand and glove - they need to improve this situation pronto if their charging close to $3 a cup!
PS- There is a Starbucks right next store to save you if need be.
Good luck folks...

I would not go here if you're looking for some delicious and authentic Mexican food because you won't find it here.
The food was decent but overpriced (but hey it's Vegas).
I got the sampler appetizer plate to share with a friend which basically had all the appetizers they offer on it.
It wasn't that great.
My other friend got the chips and guacamole...worst I've ever had at a restaurant which was shocking since they bragged about it so much on the menu.
Don't care to ever go back.

Yeah, 2-3 stars describes the food 1 star for the prices 4.5-5 describes our server Aracely

Ate dinner here a couple times and was unimpressed with it both times.
Super Americanized Mexican food at Vegas prices.
BUT I do go back every time for a dreamsicle.
By far, my favorite drink in Vegas.
You can just go up to the bar and order it to go.
They also have a branch in the mall next to Planet Hollywood.
The La Salsa outside of The Forum Shops does not serve dreamsicles though.
Sad.

The margaritas are some of the best I've ever had.
The burrito was perfect, I devoured it.
We ate here several times during our stay.

I LOVE THIS PLACE!!
The restaurant & food is average at best, that's the SOLE reason why it didn't receive 5 stars from me.
Night time is a different story!
The yards (the big margarita tubes you see) are like 12 bucks & if you love Latin music or dancing Latin music, THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE!
Awesome Bachata, Reggeton, Salsa, Merengue, Cumbia, you name it!
I have a blast & dance my ass off every time I go & I make it a point to go each time I'm in Vegas!

Decent food.
Server neglected us when we didn't order alcohol.
No free chips and salsa.
Good portions.
Liked the chicken enchiladas.
Overpriced but could be worse for a strip restraunt.
Kinda hidden and small.
Made a nice lunch.
Lots of light and color in the decor.

This is not gourmet dining but standard average ameri-mexi food served with really great drinks.
I had an Italian margarita (made with Amaretto Disaronno) and much better than tequila and small and sweet enough to really enjoy.
Food was fresh and tasty but nothing really special; portions large.
For instance, I had chipotle shrimp salad which had lots of fresh lettuce, corn and tomatoes and plenty of nicely spiced shrimp but the shrimp were frozen and then cooked (but not done too badly).
Atmosphere is lively and the location is handy (near MGM etc.).
We had to demand service as the wait staff seem overly occupied in something else but once they realized we wanted drinks and food, they moved.
Probably won't go here again as it's just not good enough for the price charged (except maybe go in for a drink and the music which I understand happens later).

"FML"  Going here makes me want to thank my parents everyday that they didn't raise me to be white trash.
Located in a mall populated with a mix of the cast of the Jersey shore, COPS, Real Housewives, and State Fairs, this restaurant will primarily appear to you if you like have never been to a Mexican restaurant other than Chipotle.
Our server was nice, but looked like she might have contracted 3 STDs before she was 18.
The bigs:  - The was average, even edible.
I had the baja style fresh grilled fish tacos and munched on some of the steak fajitas.
A little bland for me, but it seemed that it was prepared in the recent present and the sides were tasty.
Obviously nothing close to authentic.
The diggs: -One of the worst frozen margaritas I have ever had.
It was a sweetened icy slush of artificial nothingness.
Even though it was Happy Hour cheap at $3, skip it.
- They have the 48oz mini-Yard style Margaritas.
Cheap, large drinks seems to be the attraction here.
Perhaps consuming them would help to tolerate the other customers and this mall.
Like everything in this gigantic mall, it is artificial, cheesy and just plain wrong.
Sigh, this party of Vegas sours the whole experience for me.
When do I fly back to NYC again?

$3.95 breakfast right next to our hotel?!
Yes, please!
Two eggs, choice of meat, American fries and tortolla(or toast) and 99 cent margaritas to boot!
Great price for the strip...eggs were fresh and delicious.
We probably won't go here for any other meals.
The decor reminds me of a low budget señor frogs and there's a dj booth...which doesn't float my boat.
Service was fast and friendly.
He even remembered our order the second day we went in!

I actually returned my .99c bloody mary because it was so thick and taste like ketchup.
Seems like someone spilled a bottle of powdered garlic in the huevos rancheros.
I also hate onions and they were in everything by the handful.
Wouldn't recommend ever.
My boyfriend is not picky at all and he thought it was gross too.
The cheeseburger place next door had greasy breakfast but better than this!

went to this location this past weekend.... omg last time i was in vegas it was delicious....  this time... ummm it was ok... we got there @ 10:40 am (lunch time doesnt start till 11am)   by the time the waitress came it was 10:50am.... my husband ordered breakfast(he was still on time)...   and my friend and i wanted lunch.... the waitress said we had to wait till 11....???
:/  its like 10 min.
till 11 like blah....   we had to settle for breakfast... :(   the eggs were blah and the tortillas felt kinda old......     but i got my self a yard margarita(yes @ 11am)  and i didnt even get drunk :( it tasted as if it didnt have alchol boo woo :(

I was stranded at PH around dinner time so we went to La Salsa.
I ordered a margarita on the rocks and the server informed me that there was a $3 special on frozen.
Normally I'm not a fan because I feel like frozen drinks are a good way to get stiffed on alcohol but a $3 drink is a $3 drink so I got it.
I appreciated him saying that there was a special going on since they don't have signs announcing their happy hours.
I ordered enchiladas suizas, and like other Yelpers have said, it isn't that authentic or that great.
It was edible but it wasn't a place I would recommend.
Again like others have said, somewhat pricey for smallish portions.
Once but not a repeat place.

Ok I must first say that we went here because my son in law raved about it.
I wish i would of checked yelp first.
(note to self, check yelp first!
)  We had a group of 10, they sat us and brought out the drinks and appetizer quickly.
But that's the only positive thing I can say.
The waiter was odd or something!?!
He jumped around the table and took all the guys orders first then went back around and got the girls.
They took their time with the order which would of been fine if they had made everything correctly but two of the plates were made wrong, so my daughter decided to share with my son in law instead of waiting of a remake and the other just eat it as it was made.
The waiter gave my plate to someone else in the party and by time i received a plate and the mistake was noticed half my rice and beans were gone, and the waiter was like well they said it was their plate!!
besides everything, the food was way below average.
And the two that shared a plate were both up with their heads in the toilet most of the night.
And since we had a large group the useless waiter got a $43.00 tip automatically included in the bill.
There are so many choices on the strip.
Stay clear of this place unless u just go for the happy hour drinks.
But in Vegas everybody's got happy hour...so just stay clear.

Well, it's safe to say that the majority of the reviewers were right when they said this is NOT authentic Mexican food.
I usually like to see things for myself, and since we got a deal on dinner and a show we chose this place and the Vegas show (which is a must-see!).
Anyway, we made a reservation because we were going to come in during the dinner rush (6:45), I figured they'd be packed and it'd be plenty of time to make our 9:00 show.
We got there around 6:45-6:50 and the place barely had anyone in it so we were seated quickly.
Once we told them we had the deal the waitress quickly snatched our menus and gave us a limited menu.
What I wanted was on there anyway, but I didn't appreciate that she snatched our menus like that.
Our food came out pretty quickly but my food was not smoking hot, but the plate was which was a little odd.
I ordered the chicken enchiladas and my fiancé ordered the grande steak burrito.
No chips came with our meal, 1st issue.
#2.
My food was not hot.
#3.
We've made homemade enchiladas before and they clearly used the La Preferida red enchilada sauce from the can.
Major disappointment.
Why the hell would I come out and pay for food that you pulled out of a can?
Anyway, my chicken was good, but the enchiladas also needed more cheese.
I was so excited to come here because it looked good and exciting because of the yard long glass on their sign... Oh well, they got me in there once, but you can bet I won't be back.

Located inside the Miracle Mile Shops.
Place was hopping, nice atmoshere with TV's blaring.
Glenda was our server, very pleasant.
Service was good.
I ordered the California Burrito.
Included black beans inside.
It tasted fresh and good, but not great.
Salsa was excellent, though.
Not a bad place for lunch, I may return when I go into the shops again.

Nothing great, nothing terrible.
The fajitas were oh kay- nothing super tasty or amazing.
Price is a bit high, but hey it's Vega$.
The drinks were not my favorite.
Order the $8.50 Patron Margarita for a decent tequila at a good price.
However mixing that good tequila with really cheap sweet and sour mix instead of triple sec and lime makes it not so fantastic.
Maybe a bit cleaner in the restaurant would make it a bit more appealing as well.

My friend and I went to this place over the weekend.
We ordered nachos, taquitos, carne asada and a combination plate.
The servers were very nice, but the service itself was quite slow.
It took about 20 minutes from the time we ordered until we got the apps and then another 25 minutes from then for our meals.
The food was very bland.
It made me sad because the presentation was nice, so I was sure it would  be flavorful, but I was disappointed.
I would recommend this place only for drinks and maybe chips and salsa.
Everything was kinda boring.

Love the fact that there is no cover, and the music is the kind of music I dig: reggaeton, bachata, cumbia, salsa, and punta.
The dance floor is very small though!
A lot of people were dancing and I couldn't even get my groove on because of the constant bumping into people.
:-/  -2 stars for the small dance floor!

Don't waste your time, go to the Costco business center and buy the same scrappy food there.

Excellent breakfast place.
They have $.99 bloody Mary's and $3.99 breakfast specials.
Really good food at cheap prices.

miracle miles shops at planet hollywood...circular endless walk...la salsa cantina next to the stripper bar...can't miss the gigantic womanly figure holding a pole...taking another drink break...chips and salsa complimentary...taking a mamacita margarita $nine.ninety-five...reposado tequila?...ultra smooth margarita and great taste...enjoying an afternoon rest from long vegas weekend...seated mall patio...tourist watching...people taking pictures next to the tall figure holding pole...sipping a perfect margarita...munching on chips...ahhh

This is for the La Salsa Cantina location in Planet Hollywood Casino Miracle Mile shops.
I had breakfast and tried the $3.95 breakfast special, it came with eggs, bacon, and potatoes, the portion size was small, I am glad I had one biscuit with gravy on the side.
The coffee was strong and hot, the service was good since the place was not very busy, it was about 8am on a Saturday.
The only drawback I saw was the hostess that seats people could have been more on the ball, there were people waiting to be seated and she was nowhere in site, since the place was not busy at all, I could see her being more courteous and helpful.
Our server was very nice and helpful though.
For the price I paid, the total bill for two people was less that $20.00, I would maybe look around more next time if I was to try any of the other places in the Miracle Mile shops area that serve breakfast.

This place was ridiculous!
I payed almost thirty dollars for two tacos and a margerita...what the hell!
AND TO MAKE MATTERS WORSE, it wasnt even busy and our server took his sweet time taking our order and at one point I saw him come out, look at us,and went back and brought me my food which was edible but for the price I payed I could have gone to a regular taco stand and fed like 3 people with what I paid for two tacos!
Then I had to wait almost half an hour for the bill which by the way I only got because the manager happened to walk by and asked if we needed something.
Mediocre food, poor service, and really over priced for what you get.

This establishment is located in the Miracle Mile of Shops at Planet Hollywood.
Service was alright, food was ok, pricing was horrible.
I had the Mexican scramble which consisted of diced potatoes, tortillas and a very small amount of chorizo con egg.
When I say small amount-small amount for a couple of mouthfuls for $8 plus worth of food.
I really hate being taken advantage of on portion-pricing.
We will not make any more stops at this particular La Salsa.....

Since its located in the Miracle Mile mall and we stayed at the Elara which is connected the the mall we ate here a few times for breakfast since it was good and cheap.
Breakfast special has 2 eggs any way, a meat (bacon, sausage, etc) hashed potatoes, and tortilas.
The get you with the drink prices though.
$3 for a juice.
Huband had the steak burrito one morning and he said it was very good to.
Waitstaff isn't always helpful or friendly, but some of them were.

This is adequate, typical, American Mexican.
If you're passing by jonesing for a margarita and a fish taco or a burrito... step right up.
But if you want something really Mexican... this is not the place.
To it's credit it is one of the more reasonably priced places in the Planet Hollywood complex.

Order the Taco Salad!
It's delicious.
The shell is crispy and delicious.
The prices aren't bad either.

Horrible horrible food nasty mexican american food they brung the food to the tables saying be careful the plate is hot.
Yes the plate was scorching hot but the food was cold.
Boyfriend wanted chicken taquitos they told us we have to wait until 11am to order them this was at 9am I wont return here the service was great as well as the food

We were extremely happy with our meals and the cost... considering that it was on the strip, the price was fantastic!
Great happy hour special!
(Discovered a 20% off with a fourstar check into the mall) Guacamole was great, fajitas had great flavor.. just enough heat for me, but my man was able to enjoy dinner without calling them wimpy.
(Shrimp was a little overcooked) Hector the manager was fantastic as well as Aracely our server!

Favorite Mexican food restaurant on the strip.
Great service, great prices!!
Try the chicken nachos :)

So we come here all the time not for the food but drink specials are great considering its the strip.
Food is ok chicken enchiladas and fish tacos are good if your hungry... but drinks are great and the Bartenders very nice Brandon is the man.
We always have a fun time here!
Stop by and meet some loco locals and get a reasonably priced happy hour drink 3pm to 7pm.
Love it!

Okay, it's vegas and this is basically a chain.
That said it's a great place to people watch, as they stoll about the Miricle Mile Shops.
We've been here a few times the food is good, although not ground-breaking, as are the margaritas.
if you go off peak hours, esp weekdays, we've typically been able to get a table along the railing.

La Salsa Cantina is buried in the back of the Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops, but they have great breakfast specials before noon--$3.99 for 2 eggs, potatoes, choice of meat and 2 tortillas and $0.99 bloody marys.
The food is simple, but hearty, and the bloody mary is fine (it is only 8 ounces, but for this prices you can get a few).
We were able to get a seat in the open area at the front of the restaurant, which offers good views of the people passing by, the sport's bar across the walkway, and the small fountain that is choreographed to music.
The atmosphere is loud...since you are right by the walkway, but it is very good people watching.
Our service was fine--very quick for as busy as they were and, when asked about a spicy bloody, he brought us extra hot sauce.
I wish I would have discovered this place earlier in my visit to Las Vegas...a great place to start the day and save some cash.

Cheap Breakfast!
Okay, so the coffee isn't great, and the food isn't awesome, but for the price, 2 eggs, meat, taters and tortillas (as opposed to toast), I'm not going to complain a whole lot, except about the coffee.
The coffee was pretty bad and had to be doctored with cream/sugar pretty extensively.
Service was very very friendly.
The place was clean, and more importantly, the silverware was clean (unlike the place next door).
Good food, good service, bad coffee.
Pretty good, just not good enough to make me a fan.

SAY WHAT??!!
Food for Four Bucks on the strip?!
Yes my friends, it does exist :)  $3.95 Breakfast Special like what is listed and blasted all over their reviews...
I actually opted for the Egg White and Grilled Chicken BFast...it was only $6.25 pretty goshdarn good, my friend got the $3.95 special and said it was tasty.
The tortillas were hard but their eggs were cooked great, the chips and salsa (must purchase for $2.95)  were excellent and the service was great.
We sat at the bar, bartender was a super sweet chick and the $0.99 cent Bloody Mary's can be doubled for a whop-pin' total of two bucks and they were really good.
Go for cheap but not Phenomenal, just good food, super cheap Bloody's and I'm pretty dang sure if you sit at the bar, you not only get better service but you get better drinks :)   ate here 03/01/2014 at 11am...thank you nice bartender chick...you rock!

I waited nearly 30 minutes, never did get waited on.
I finally just got up and left.

Labeling this as a "Mexican" restaurant is like saying everyone can afford Gucci.
My husband and I each had appetizers, two happy hour beers and chips.
Worst $37 spent.
The taquitos I had tasted like something out of a frozen dinner meal.
They also had no limes for the beers.
Really?
You're gonna gimmie a lemon instead?
Wow.
Never again.

$3.99 breakfast made to order.
Best breakfast deal on the strip if you ask me.
Their Mexican breakfast potatoes were so yummy.
Biscuits are gravy were served bubbly hot and were delicious!
This restaurant is located inside miracle mile shopping mall, next to planet Hollywood.

I ate there alone and had the steak tacos.
It was served with beans and rice.
The food was good and the presentation was nice.
But the atmosphere is nothing spectacular.
It's pretty typical for a Mexican restaurant.
The waitress was not very personable.
She seemed to have too many tables.
She didn't offer a refill on my drink.
Overall this place was just average.
I would go there again and I would recommend it.

Easily one of the worst dining experiences I ever had.
The waitress was pleasant but the food was terrible.
I am a big guy and this is the first time in memory that I refused to eat ANYTHING on my plate.
The steak was dry and tough.
The rice tasted like store brand like Lipton.
Beans gooey.
All around mediocre food.
Avoid this place.

After walking thru the miracle mile shopping center in Planet Hollywood I was starving.
Mexican food sounded good so I shared steak and chicken fajitas with my boyfriend.
The food was actually pretty decent but getting the food took forever!
We waited for forever just to get our drinks and pretty much had to hunt someone down to order our food.
Even after getting our food the waiter forgot about us, so then I had to hunt him down again to get more drinks.
The service was horrible!
Every person from the lady seating us to our waiter must have been having a horrible day because they were anything but friendly!
They had a photographer walking around who would take pictures of each table and give you a post card of the picture for free.
She would then offer other pictures that of course cost money and boy oh boy!
Beware, if you don't want these photos she gets upset!
It's hard to have a nice lunch with such negative people surrounding you!
On the plus side, we sat outside which was great for people watching!
Overall I would probably pass on eating at this place again.
There are so many other restaurants in Vegas that have better service and even tastier food.

Went for breakfast for the 99cent bloody Mary's.
they are small but a buck you can't complain.
Got the hevous rancheros & they were excellent!
Nice portion & very filling.
Potatoes were nicely seasoned, beans were just typical beans.
If you are looking for a good quick breakfast on the strip check em out.

Great breakfast for a very cheap price!!!
And a good spicy bloody mary!!!
We were served very quickly.
We ordered the $3.75 breakfast special, which was a pretty well sized portion.
Definitely have and will be recommending this place to many others!

ordered 2 carnita tacos with rice/beans.
The food was cold and everything was flavorless.
The food was gross and super expensive.
Maybe the actual restaurant is better.

