My friend's dad is a frequent player at the Gold Coast and as such gets comps to the Cortez Room all the time and a couple of times I've been lucky enough to be at the receiving end of the Gold Coasts's generosity.
And let me tell you, I am not one to pass up a free meal.
The Cortez room is a nice place to get your carnivore on.
You get huge cuts of good quality meat for not too much money.
The menu is a la carte, but the sides are as affordable as everything else.
Their 10 oz prime rib (which is always, always excellent) is $12.95, but if you're REALLY hungry, the 22 oz is $18.95.
Every meal I've had here has always been very good - not the best ever, but the value is what makes this place special.
The room itself is dark and very old Vegas feeling.
It's a great place to  feel like you're having a big night out but while staying on a budget.

My friends and I go here all the time after a night out and always order steak and eggs for like 3 or 4 bucks.
They only serve it for that price  from like 2am to 6am or something like that.
I usually remember enjoying it everytime and the servers there are always extremely nice and fast with the water refills.

In my opinion BEST PRIME RIB IN TOWN I always refer this place to my friends.
The price increased the standard cut is close to 20 dollars now and the big mike's cut is close to 25ish if i remember correctly.
House wine was garbage but the beef made up for it.
Do yourself a favor and skip the garlic mashed potatoes and get a baked it's more bang for your buck

Sad ...so sad ...new graveyard menu ...bye-bye $2 breakfast specials - so a chance to be original....what do they do ???!!!
a glorified grand slam special - 2 eggs, 2 sausage, 2 bacon, 2 pancakes, 2 toast ....2 pancakes AND 2 toast !?!?!
i don't get it !!!
my SO's favorite noodle soup....gone ...wild west has some new graveyard deals.....next stop wild west !!!
then again, this reinforces my mental state - i spend $300 for dinner at restaurant charlie but i'm bitching about the graveyard special at gold coast changing from $2 to $5 ....yes people ...i'm a frickin nut case !!

I only go for the prime rib.
Haven't had any other dish The first time i came here was before they relocated to their newly remodeled location.
The service was so terrible that I didn't return for over 4 years.
When i did return after about 4 years the food was..... decent.
It wasn't fantastic, you're only paying $14 for a 10oz prime rib so I guess you get what you pay for.
They try to have a fine dining environment with dimmed lighting and serving your food off carts and stuffing your potato in front of you.
I've visited the newly located and remodeled Cortez room twice now and both times the service was not terrible, the people were very friendly, but it was VERY VERY SLOW.
Expect to be waiting, and waiting.
Something i don't like about this place is if you're using a credit card, they make you fill out the receipt first.. tip and all and sign it before they swipe your card.
I don't like that at all.
I think it slows the process down [with the already slow service] and I like to keep my tips a mystery until I leave.
It'd rather have prime rib from the Red Rock Casino cafe than this place.
Cheap and Good.
The waiters suck.
The bussers are awesome.
Overall the food is pretty acceptable for the price, but the service continues to be poor over the years [5/7 visits were poor service] Expect a long meal time.
Make reservations on weekends.

since the cafe is really a small section of the buffet sectioned off it is very quiet and feels like you have your own personal maid/butler standing there to take care of you with just a nod or finger motion.
drinks were filled quickly , food was brought out promptly, no wait for seating and everyone was very friendly & english-speaking.
limited menu since the cafe is really a small section of the buffet sectioned off it is very quiet and feels like you have your own personal maid/butler standing there to take care of you with just a nod or finger motion.
drinks were filled quickly , food was brought out promptly, no wait for seating and everyone was very friendly & english-speaking.
limited menu everything is $10 or less good service, ok food but just average beats standing in line @ a mediocre buffet

We started off with a complimentary relish tray and loaf of freshly baked bread.
Our entrees included a choice of soup or a house salad featuring the ever so common iceberg lettuce.
Ms. Westie ordered Chicken Oscar - a small skinless chicken filet topped with crab meat stuffing, asparagus and beurre blanc sauce.
I chose the 14-ounce prime rib which was both tender and delicious.
Both meals included a baked potato served with sour cream and chives.
Overall it was a good, but not fantastic dining experience.

this is a CAFE???
I thought it was a steakhouse...whateve  so We came here to meet our family friends who are from Nevada and love this place.
When I heard we were going out for steak I got all excited.
I thought ooooh nice place I can yelp later!!
then We drive down Las Vegas Blvd..pass all the hotels goodbye venetian, farewell ceasers, so long bellagio...,TURN ON FLAMINGO hasta la luego rio...hello........GOLD...COAST?!?!?!
interesting....  so we walk in valet tells us the Cortez Room is all the way in the back and as I walk in it reminded me of downtown lv.
I was still excited though because I thought this place MUST be awesome for locals to love it and want to come in here for their prime rib!
We meet the rest of our group and we have water and veggies on the table.
Eventually bread arrives.
Then our server comes by 15minutes later.
one of the men at our table is irritated by his tardiness and comments that we are hungry so we order asap.
We ordered a variety of MEATS from prime rib, filet mignon, porterhouse, ny, etcetc.
We all also got a salad to start.
When they roll the salad out I realize its a little weird how they have the salad on the top shelf of the plastic cart, forks in the middle, and dressing on the bottom.
The dressing is served to share with whomever ordered the same one as you.
The server ended up pouring some dressing on a jacket at our table.
He didn't really jump to apologize or help but offered to get the manager or something.
The lady went to wash out the jacket and the manager came by.
He asked while the server wasnt there if we would like security to come to file a report.
WTF??
for spilled dressing???
just apologize weirdo.
He eventually said one of our bottles of wine would be on the house... thanks?
what about our other 2 hehehe...no?
fine...    Then he had this loooong talk with the waiter next to out table and I started to feel a little bad I mean it was a genuine accident I think it was just the way everything was handled.
He then came by and offered to put the womans meal on his tab but we denied his offer that would soooo not have been right.
The night progressed we were all warm and happy from the wine and our steaks were rolled out and served to us.
My prime rib looked yummy and with chunky and creamy horseradish (wtheck the chunky was SO strong!!
) and the side of sweetpotato I couldnt wait for it!!
However to my verrrrrrrrrrry strong disappointment the cow was cold.
I mean my meat wasnt just warm it was prettttttttty cold.
not RAW cold but cold for meat that was supposed to be cooked right then and there.
What a disappointment and yes i am a beeyotch when it comes to stuff like this but, come on!
the waiter had sooo much to deal with tonight already so I just sucked it up and ate my food like a big girl.
The food was still yummy and after all the meat plus icecream and coffee everyone at the table was pleasantly stuffed.
Not worth the drive away from the strip.
I am sure in a city with such amazing chefs we could have enjoyed this meal for the same cost anywhere else!

WTF, no more late night steak and eggs for 4 bucks?
got replaced for a TGIF?
not cool!

I love this place, from the green olives & veggies & warm bread they bring to the table to the crab legs with the sweet potato!
I don't usually like eating at casino's but this is one exception.
Also, their specialty is Prime Rib & it is SUPERB!
The service their is excellent & their are always servers bringing you anything & everything you could want or need.

The service is so sloooowwwww.
It took more than an hour to get our food.
On Sun nite it was steady but seemed to lack waitstaff.
We did have nice hot bread & our accompanying salad with the best house made (we asked & I also tasted both) blue cheese or ranch dressing,   Or you could get lentil or passable vegetable meatball soup but it didn't temper the looong wait.
-1 to 2 stars for a place like this.
Known for it's PRIME RIB, we had 1 queen cut prime rib ($14), 2 king cut prime rib ($18) & 1 ribeye steak ($18), with sides of either baked potato, sweet potato, garlic mashed, vegetable.
All was savory, the prime rib is the premier.
Dessert was limited to cheesecake, chocolate cake or tiramisu cake.
They could do so much better!

best prime rib in town.
20 bucks for a 22 ounce behemoth, house salad and potato.
Add a glass of Cab and im in business.

my uncles 60th birthday in las vegas  the place is located in goldcoast casino..first of all the casino wasnt appealing at all compared to the others because it's so old  the restaurant located in the back corner, kinda dark and gloomy but more customers sitting inside  the slow cooked prime rib was good but ive had better but i ordered the porterhouse for my mother and it was amazing.
it had a really nice char and smoke flavor to it!
one thing i really enjoyed was its side dishes.
the sweet potato came out hot and fresh.
the garlic mash potatoes.. WOAH.. that was super flavorful!
this place also has warm baked sourdough bread served at the beginning  the price was good..14 bucks for a queen and 20 for a king size prime rib..

My family and I came out here last month....I ordered the steak, so juicy with a side of broccoli and cheese....double yum!!
oh i also got the potato soup, I was craving some clam chowder but the potato soup did me good...was creamy and buttery : )...The service was excellent, even though it looked gloomy...I liked it not much ca-motion, just peace and quiet, enjoying your food!

Come on people!
While this place may not be the BEST steak in town, for the price, it's phenomenal!
For my friend's birthday dinner we had planned on going to Rosemary's (last minute, on a Wednesday, not a good idea).
Since Rosemary's was booked we ended up at the Cortez Room.
I came here a few years ago and really enjoyed it, so I was pumped.
The place appears to have undergone some updates in the decor.
The overall effect is still that of an 80 year old's summer house, but hey, you are at the Gold Coast!
There are two negatives: It's in the Gold Coast and the lack of ambiance.
However, there are many positives: 6 people + drinks + wine + prime rib + filets = $197 (what a deal).
I had filet mignon.
The meat was a little tough but had a very nice flavor.
The salad was fresh and the garlic mashed potatoes were very good.
I tried my BF's GIANT 20 oz prime rib ($20) and thought it was really good.
Very juicy and cooked perfectly.
I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a great dinner at a great price with absolutely no atmosphere.

OK, just beware that this place is not a prime steak house.
Having said that, I would not say that I was disappointed because I was not really expecting a lot.
The prime rib was decent.
The steak lacked flavor and tenderness.
I asked for medium rare and I got a well done piece of meat.
Boo.
The sides are decent but needs improvement.
The service was alright.
I doubt that I would be back.
Outback would be a clear cut alternative.

Hands down the best prime rib in town.
Where in this city can you get a ginormous piece of meat for 14 bucks?
Service was awesome.
Bartenders rock.
The apple martini and cosmopolitan were the best ever.
Definitely a returning customer.

The Cortez Room has been serving up reasonably priced prime rib for years.
The prime rib is consistently good.
It comes with sourdough bread, soup or salad, and your choice of potato.
My family enjoys coming here for special occasions.
It's not my favorite place, but it's pretty decent.

After years of living and visiting Las Vegas, I finally made my way to The Cortez Room.
I brought a friend here last weekend as she was craving steak and I didn't want to pay an arm and a leg for dinner.
The prime rib (King Cut) was a massive piece and way too much for me just to eat.
The meat was tender, cooked medium just like I asked and the sides came out steaming hot to where I had to let it sit just to cool off.
Nice knowing their food isn't sitting under some heat lamp.
The service was awesome.
Seeing that a lot of their staff was Filipino, I played that card being Pinoy myself and they took care of my friend and me like we were royalty.
They may treat everyone that way but I'm just saying ...
The hostess made sure to take care of the little things like my friend's birthday dessert.
That was so good that my friend saved a piece to take to go.
I can see myself coming back when I want a nice steak meal as the equivalent meal at other places will usually run me two or three bills.

We had a wonderful dinner here for our anniversary.
I had the pistachio encrusted salmon and my gf had the Cortez chicken and both were delish!
service was excellent and the staff were very attentive.
For fine dinning, prices are pretty reasonable.

A solid 4 stars as my wife and I ate here a few times on a recent Vegas trip.....  First of all, let me say that this place is tucked away in the back of the casino and it is sort of dark inside the dining area.
When we last came, my wife and I both ordered the prime rib.
It was fantastic with a merlot that was recommended to us by the waiter.
For dessert, they had a cheesecake dish that tasted like it was homemade.
The service was impeccable here and I could see why the locals come to this place a lot.
Another thing I remember was our bill was not outrageous, which is saying a lot because I have had some pretty bad food on the strip and been charged an arm and a leg for it.
A great place for Prime Rib in Vegas.....

Meal was much better than I've had in the past.
My family had the prime rib all around.
Not amazing presentation, but tasty and a great value.
Ask for Bryvin for your server.
He'll watch out for you!

Reserved a table on a Satuday night, they were very busy so the service was slow, that took away from the meal since there was so much time between each visit by the waitress.
About the third time I've had dinner here and it was the least memorable.

Super Bowl weekend at the Gold Coast.
Drinking at the Red Zone sports bar.
I kept turning my head and seeing the Cortez Room sign.
So I said what the hell, let's give it a try.
It's a Saturday afternoon and I walk over to the door.
The floor manger is is at the host desk on the phone and she waves me in.
Very friendly, she takes my reservations, I ask to see the menu and if I can take it to my friends to look at she says no problem.
Host staff are very nice & welcoming.
Returning for dinner we get greetings and smiles.
The restaurant is dimly lit, not to much but a warm glow.
The wait staff very professional, service was great.
Our steaks were cooked nice and to the Tee.
Every thing was good, no complains on our food.
Assorted bread basket with flavored spreads, sides were good.
All n all good experience.

Blah!
Sorry I wasted my time dining here.
I was recommended here by someone saying they have the best steak.
The steak was dry and I have had better at black angus.
The service was poor.
It took at least an hour to get our food.
I wouldnt go back, even if it was free.

Had dinner for 10 after our wedding ceremony on a Friday evening.
It was excellent!!
The service, the atmosphere, the food-- Superb!!
I had booked it two weeks prior after spending a lot of time on line searching for a restaurant.
We were staying at The Palms which is across the street from the Gold Coast Casino where The Cortez Room is located.
We arrived on Wednesday and checked out the restaurant right away.
My first thought when I entered the casino was, oh I'm not sure about this, but when I got to The Cortez Room,  I liked it!
The two of us had dinner there that evening and we were very impressed.
The Chef came to our table and helped us order a cake for our special evening.
We brought our own wine and paid a small corkage fee-- very small compared to other restaurants in Vegas.
One mishap--the grooms dinner plate with his order of halibut on it was dropped as it was leaving the kitchen.
They asked us if we wanted them to hold up on the other nine orders until his was ready--we said no.
So he drank his wine while we ate.
He said the Halibut was worth the wait.
Also, they removed his charge from the bill.
Will we go there again when in Vegas?
Absolutely!

I gotta admit, I did not have high expectations for an off strip steakhouse in an off strip hotel/casino.
In Portland we have Ringside, so I considered going to Ramsay Steak or Tender, I made the right call coming here.
Service was excellent, waiter had a good grasp of wine.
Homemade breads were great.
The house" salad that came with dinner was excellent with homemade blue cheese - big chunks!
The steak cooked perfectly and tender, included potato and salad - not the typical add on like other great steakhouses.
I know I'm gushing, but at less than half the price of the other two I mentioned, these guys hit it out of the park!

Our waitor was fabulous.
And we had a great dining experience.
The food was also excellent and very well priced.
No wonder the Cortez Room is a locals favorite.

Great food, fabulous service, beautiful ambiance and atmosphere!
Took my boyfriend the Cortez Room for this birthday and we enjoyed ourselves immensely.
Patricia and Geraldo exemplified especially outstanding customer service and exhibited impeccable timing.
We'll probably make this a birthday tradition after having such an enjoyable meal.
We absolutely loved it and will definitely be back for more.
He had the crab legs and I had scallops and crab cakes appetizers.
El yummo!
Thanks to everyone for making our birthday celebration such a pleasant experience.

This place is definitely underrated.
Quick and friendly service with great tasting food!
I was coming here thinking it'd be another Ellist Island, but I was so pleased with it all!
Located inside the Gold Coast, you'll have to walk through all the smoke, all the slots, and people just drowning in their gambling debts.
This place is old school gambling compared to the newer places built on the strip.
But, the food at the Cortez Room has been one of the better places I've eaten in Vegas!
I've tried food from the most expensive restaurants and buffets to the cheapest and lousiest dining places in Vegas.
I can tell you, steak here is not as good as I've had at N9NE or at any place that marks their meat from $30-60, but it blows Ellis Island out of the water (Ellis Island being the worst place to eat in Vegas).
A 10oz prime rib dinner, with salad, and a side of potatoes will cost you $15.
The meat was juicy, tender, and cooked exactly the way I expected it to be: medium rare.
My only complaint goes to the salad.
I ordered my salad with the house dressing and my salad was swimming in a pool of dressing.
It was so sour, I couldn't finish it.
But the complimentary bread is great especially with the dips they give you.
As for the service?
They were sweet and attentive but that might be because they knew people we were dining with.
It's nice and cozy inside with old school decor.
I'll be coming back here when I'm in need of an inexpensive food and good service!

Went on a recommendation from a coworker.
I must say that I was doubtful as I walked through the smoke-filled casino at Gold Coast to get to the Cortez Room.
In fact, I looked at my wife and said: "Are you sure?
" Glad we persevered.
Setting: A bit old school, but well kept and elegant.
Hostess pulled table out so that we could slide in easily (something that I only remember having done for us at Morton's).
When we realized that we had been seated directly next to one of those big-mouth let everyone in the restaurant hear all of you stories type of people, we asked to be moved - and were w/o any challenges or issues to a much nice, and quieter table.
Service: Warm, friendly, and attentive - without being invasive.
Our waiter and his team made sure we were happy, our water glasses never saw empty.
I asked for a creamed horseradish - and they brought me a little bowl of sour cream and a second bow of straight horseradish - so that I could brew my own blend!
Being that it was my wife's b-day, they brought an excellent ice cream sundae (no charge) and actually sang to her (in tune, I might add) using her NAME.
Nice touch.
Food: We both had the ribeye steak ($22 w/ salad and huge baked potato).
I have had better ribeyes, but not by much and certainly not at that price (think Ruth's Criss).
It was cooked just right, nice sear, lots of juice and had a nice degree of tenderness.
The dinner salad had lots of nice crunchy veggies in it -- and the best blue cheese dressing I've ever had.
The dressing was chunky with cheese, but not TART like most - it was quite mild and had a delightful flavor.
The potatoes were well cooked with a nice degree of tenderness  All in all, I'd go there again without a doubt.
Our bill for the two of us, prior to tip was under $50 (didn't do any alcohol).
I've paid twice or more - for less.

Traveled to Vegas to see Rod Stewart on our 16th Wedding anniversary.
Rod Stewart was playing at Caesar's Palace, this hotel is close by.
The room was ok but old, the long walks thru the casino to get anywhere was full of smoke from smokers.
We asked the clerk at the checkin counter where there was a fine dining restaurant, she advised the Cortez Room, there at the Gold Coast Hotel.
The meal at the Cortez Room was hands down is the worst meal we have ever had in Las Vegas in the 35 years traveling there.
We had to send ever item back, change our order, because we could not eat what was being served, The menu it self was very old fashioned, nothing healthy.
The staff just kept taking it back.
We observed numerous tables doing the same.
There was nothing served fresh, only frozen and microwaved.
The manager only comped half the meal.
We also complained to head of the food and beverage department.
This manager took our phone number and said he was going to contact us the next night to make it right, but never contacted us.
The price of the meal was very expensive for this horrible menu.
I even got sick the following day.
I will never stay at the Gold Coast Hotel again.
You can not say that you get what you pay for, because in Vegas, the bar is usually set a lot higher, for less.

Poor service, poor food.

Hahahahaa just reminiscing on my experience here makes me giggle.
Where to start..where to start..?
Okay well let's make this easy and start with my favorite thing about the place, the bread.
LOL it's sad how serious I am.
When bringing out the water, they bring out an assortment of bread and thin crisps along with this pico de gallo sort of concoction of tomatoes, along with a side of butter.
I usually hate tomatoes but that side dish was DELISH.
We literally asked our server to bring more at least 4 times.
For an appetizer, we ordered crab cakes, which pretty much tasted like something you can find in the frozen food section of Costco.
We also opted for the soup of the day which was an asparagus cream.
Again, you could probably find it at Costco.
Salads were typical, nothing to rave about, then again it was just a Caesar so there's not a lot you can mess up there.
As the main course, my parents went with the steak...very fatty but still good.
I decided to be healthy and go with a fish dish.
It was mediocre, that's all I could remember from it.
I say, go with the shrimp scampi, my dad has brought it home before and it was okay, very cheesy and greasy though.
It's not the food that has lead me to decrease my rating, it's the service.
First of all, every table is given two servers, one being the main one who takes your order and serves you courses, and the other acts as their assistant, constantly making sure your glass is full or if you need any extra items.
With this type of service, you would expect it to be a high class restaurant with AMAZING service, you're given two afterall!
Our main server would walk by our table yelling out the status of our food, as he walked to the back or to another table.
He did it several times, after the 3rd or 4th we realized he was actually talking to us.
The assistant was great, we honestly wanted to sneak him the whole tip but felt like he might get some trouble from his buddy, so we decided to be fair.
As far as the overall ambiance of this 'steak house', it felt like a Golden Corral.
Overall, this is a nice place to have dinner...if your meal is comped by the casino.

This is my personal little hide a way and it's not to bad.
I come here every time I come to Vegas just to get a quick meal and then the more expensive one later.
I have always been a fan of this place when I want prime Rib,however the last time I went it was horrible,so I thought I would give them another try considering I have been there many of times.
The place has been remodeled and the prime rib is pretty good.
The prices are reasonable and the staff are very courteous and helpful.
You want prime rib without breaking the bank this is your Place!!
The order was 2 orders of prime rib( we ordered the 10oz queen) a side of order of spinach 1 bowl of soup 2 glasses of tea total was like $40.00 and some change.
The meal comes with soup or salad and a choice of potato and tons of bread.
For some that may not like dim lighting the lighting is very dim.
You can ask to move to the front and you will not have a problem.
BTW if you really like prime rib the 22oz is HUGE and you can split it as they have a plate sharing charge.
Happy Eating  !

i came here after tien n talked to me about how good their prime ribs were.
i had a date with anthony m. ONE ON ONE!
dont be jealous.
after all that tien n said, i ended up getting the filet mignon.
i dont know why... anothony m got the prime rib.
i asked for medium rare and it came out med well.
one side looked more over cooked.
i usually dont send steaks back unless its still mooing, so i ate it.
i jealously watched anthony m eat is prime rib.
next time ill get the prime rib.

A group of 7 of us went here for dinner - a few of our party had eaten here a few years ago and wanted to go back.
I shared the Porterhouse with my wife, I think other orders were ribeye & prime rib.
The entrees come with either a salad or soup and a baked potato, sweet potato or mash.
The salad looked like something you could pour out of prepackaged salad from the grocery store.
We asked for ranch on the side, but got blue cheese instead.
Our entrees seemed to take a long time to arrive (we were the second table sat in the restaurant as it opened).
The Porterhouse didn't look anything like the 22oz it was quoted as on the menu - if I had a scale with me I would have weighed it!
- it was cold and most shockingly of all it had absolutely no seasoning on it, at all, nothing.
The sweet potato was cooked to almost a "mush/baby food" consistency.
We were eating with friends (who had suggested we go here) and so I didn't want to make a scene and send the food back - but if we had been there in a smaller group I would for sure have sent the food back, it really just wasn't good at all.
After the meal we spoke with 3 or 4 of the other diners and they also said that they were unimpressed with their food and will not return.
I am told this place, when it its old location, was great on the strength of my food I just cannot say that.

My fiance and I came here during out last stay at the Gold Coast and really enjoyed our dinner.
The waiter was exceptional, the atmosphere was comfortable and laid back, and the food was delicious.
Our options were limited by our food sensitivities to gluten and dairy, but we really enjoyed what we got.
I got a salad and crab legs and my fiance got the prime rib with a baked potato and salad.
My crab legs were great, and my fiance raved about the prime rib for days.
We weren't initially that enthralled by the idea of a baked potato without butter or sour cream, but since most of the other sides had butter in them that was out only real choice.
We were both surprised how good the plain potato was- it was moist and tasty all on it's own, without having to slather it in dairy!

Just Average...waiter and staff friendly, atmosphere okay, the food was not as good as other steakhouses off the strip.
My son had 8 oz filet, don't think it was really filet.
My husband had Steak Diane which he said was average.
They both normally like sweet mashed potatoes, but other than a taste or so, did not eat them.
The bread was tasteless.
Most restaurants we have to try to control ourselves from eating too much bread, not here.
We'll cross this casino off our list.

Went there with my son and my cousin and her husband.
My cousin and her hubby are from Vegas and said they hadn't been there in years, but remembered they had good prime rib.
Since time was an issue (son and I had tix for Absinthe, make sure you check out my review) and the Gold Coast was right across the street from Palms Place, we said it sounded good.
Indeed, it had been years, as apparently the Cortez Room had moved to the other side of the casino since they had last been there.
The other 3 with me ordered the queen cut prime rib with son and cousin's husband adding the crab legs.
I got the chicken oscar.
The queen cut was supposedly a 10 oz serving.
Well, the kitchen must have been feeling quite generous, as they received easily 16 to 18 oz portions.
They all raved about the prime rib, with the horseradish being a real highlight.
However, the crabs were watery and not very fresh.
My chicken oscar was above average and also a generous portion.
In summary, you can probably get prime rib for less in Vegas, but you may compromise quality and portion.
So I would have to say if you are close to the Gold Coast and want to have a nice meal, give the Cortez Room a shot.

All of these reviews seem to be hit or miss.
Mine was definitely a "miss".
Service was AWFUL, and the hostess was a complete bitch.
And the place was not full.
Food was mediocre, when we finally got a chance to order and eat it.
Wine came very late.
I was hoping to find a hidden gem but instead discovered a stinking turd.

Drinks and appetizers are 1/2 priced during happy hour in the lounge/bar area during the nightly happy hour.
We were told there was no specialty cocktail menu so ordered glasses of merlot.
The atmosphere is very nice and we will likely return to sample some of the appetizers.
I did note that the normal conversion rate of points to dollars, 600 points = $1, was not applied to our bill.
Rather, it was 1,000 points for $1, most likely because of the discounted prices.
Update; the happy hour has been discontinued.

Terrible restaurant!
I had the worst ribeye steak ever.
I've never rated any restaurant this low before.
My advice is to walk down the street to Orleans and get a very good steak or prime rib meal at either the loft or canal street.
This cortez room should be shut down if they are even going to try to serve decent food.

Well was staying across the street at the Rio but after participating in their horse race tournament I had some comps to use so I came back on Sunday after having enjoyed their sports bar and video poker bars  I decided I would give the Cortez a try.
Did not work out had a blackened steak which turned out to be a mess with such a poor quality taste to it that I really just had a few bites and left it along with most of my mushy potato.
Somehow even the salad lacked a decent taste.
I guess I should have kept it simple and not went blackened but hey I like it blackened from time to time.
Oh well I tried it and it missed and I will not be back.
Service was OK.
It's a shame because I found the casino itself pretty good for that level of establishment.

Hidden Gem in Gold Coast Casino!!!
They had a $13.99 steak & lobster deal (with players card) and I didn't expect much 'cuz it was cheap, but surprisingly the steak & lobster were cooked perfectly!!!
The service was amazing too and the staff were friendly.
The plate came with soup/salad, and any side, so great deal!
I'd come back just for this deal!!

Why isn't this place busier?
A decent wine list, and a great place to have a good steak without spending a fortune.
Service was good too!

This place was much more than I expected!
The service was great, the atmosphere was very nice, and the prices were very very reasonable for what you get.
Most steakhouses are ala cart but not the Cortez room.
Your meal includes soup or salad and a potato!
Both of which are nice size portions.
My husband and I both got the house specialty prime rib.
Delicious and mouth watering!!!
Will definitely be back.

This place is pretty good, but our meal was comped so my review may be skewed.
The Caesar salad is pre and over dressed.
The Shrimp cocktail shrimps were HUGE and delicious!
The free crackers and pico de gallo were addicting.
Filet Mignon was actually pretty good.
The pasta was delicious!
We ordered dessert but were too full to eat it.
The whole casino area reeks of cigarette smoke but once you enter the Cortez Room, you can breathe again.

We have been to Cortez Room in the past & food was great.
Brought my Niece & family here last September because her son was craving King Crab Legs which was a good 2lbs & really king size & tasty.
Niece &  wife had the steak & 1 lobster tail special which was really very good.
Me & nieces husband & daughter had the Queen cut prime rib which was juicy & tender.
Restaurant was little slow that evening.
We came here last Saturday evening and was more than 3/4 full?
Took our son here on his birthday because he was craving King Crab Legs.
He ordered the 2# KC dinner, I had the Queen cut Prime Rib & wife ordered the Steak & 2 lobster tails.
However this time my sons King Crab Legs were more the size of Snow Crabs & closer to 1 1/2 lbs than 2 lbs.
definitely not 2lbs.
My prime rib was good size but not as juicy & tender as last time.
The steak was kinda tough & lobster slightly rubbery.
Hostess was great, drink server great but waiter was only so so.
Sorry to say, but maybe better to avoid Cortez Room on busy hours?
I will eat here again but only on non busy times & will ask about size of KC Legs before ordering.
Past experience was great, this time wish we had gone elsewhere.
First bad experience here, otherwise 4 stars.

My wife and I went in for the $24 steak and lobster special and was plesantly surprised.
Being from Kansas, I didn't go to Las Vegas to eat steak but the sirloin had good flavor and the lobster was cooked to tender.
Would I go again... probably.
My only reservation is not with them, it's just there are so many great places to eat in Vegas it's tough to eat at the same place twice.

We ate here after our daughter's wedding and it was exactly what we were looking for!
We were a party of 12 with a reservation at 9:45.
No one in our party was aware that the restaurant closed at 10 because we were not rushed nor did we feel like we had a time limit.
Sean was our server and was excellent.
There were at least 3-4 attending to us.
Service was amazing and the food was excellent at a reasonable price.
Our son got very ill and laid down next to us and the staff was very considerate and did not make him nor us feel uncomfortable.
Will definitely recommend and return!

$24 steak and lobster special on a quiet night.
The lobster tails were delish but the steak was pretty tough..
Even TGI's steak was nicer but for the price of $24 for 2 lobster tails and steak..  you can't really expect a great piece of meat.
The service was good.
It is nicer than it looks on the outside and I saw they do prime rib..
I think we will have to come back another time to try it!
Just an affordable enjoyable meal out.

