It's a chain restaurant but on the strip it's one of the best values you're going to find.
Don't bother ordering off that little card on the table...the steaks on the menu are the same size and $10 less.
It can get crowded on weekend nights but it's a good place for the groups and the steaks aren't bad.
For the price and location, hard to beat.
Little to no atmosphere, but at least this place doesn't take itself too seriously like some of the places on the Strip.

IN CASE OF EMERGENCY, EAT DEEP FRIED ONION & DRINK BEER  Yes, I'm reviewing Outback Steakhouse in all its Outbacky Chain-a-licious goodness.
It was 120 freakin' degrees AT NIGHT this weekend in Vegas, and  I was about to lose consciousness when my survival instincts kicked in and told me to find the nearest air conditioned place serving ice-cold beer and a deep friend onion.
Enter Outback Steakhouse.
Most Outbacks are 3-star kinda places, but this one was exceptional.
The server was fun and friendly despite my party showing up 20 minutes before closing time, my chicken sandwich was char-grilled to juicy perfection, and best of all they now offer REAL Australian beers like Tooheys New and my favorite, Boags.

I know its a chain And I should hate it.
But I can't help it.
I love me some bloomin' onion, pumpernickel bread, and potato soup.....  Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Outback!

Welcome to the busiest Outback in the world!
I wandered into this place around 11:30pm Sunday night craving some cheese fries.
The super friendly waiter laughed at me, and explained that their cheese fries just won an award as the unhealthiest food in America.
That did not deter me.
It was delicious.

Other than being nearly impossible to get to, in the fact that you pretty much HAVE to drive on the strip to get here, this Outback is awesome.
Inside Casino Royale but upstairs so not in the middle of the slot action, this Outback stays open late.
Our party of 7 showed up at like 10pm on a Thursday night, and we were seated pretty quickly.
Food was all really good.
In fact, the Outback special my friend got was tastier than any Outback special I've had at any other location, and I've been to a lot of Outback's in my day.
I had the Mahi Mahi, which was really good quality but somewhat flavorless.
Definitely a great option when you have a big party and you all want steaks without going broke!

After having a meal at Batali's Carnevino leave a bad taste in my mouth, we had a great meal at the Outback above Casino Royale for 30% of the cost of Carnevino.
Rack of Lamb was cooked perfectly.
For mediumrare, they leave the rack intact and grill it.
Ribeye was a bit tough, but we asked for it medium which does make it a bit firmer.
The prime rib was perfect.

I've been to plenty of Outback Steakhouses, but for some reason this one makes the best Victorian Filet (drunk or sober).
It is always cooked just right and delicious to the last bite.
I usually come here once a year, and have yet to order something else on the menu, as the filet is that good.
The location is right in the middle of the strip, the price is right and the wait is usually not that bad.
I'm sure I'll be back soon...

Yes, I'm going to do it.
I'm going to give 4 stars to Outback.
This location seems to taste better than other ones.
I wonder why???
We ate here back when I was new to the world of steak and the wait was about an hour.
Don't underestimate the fun you can have watching people excitedly walk up the stairs only to stomp down a few minutes later with frowns on their faces and a buzzer in their hands.
Located in the Casino Royale, the best thing you can do while you wait for your table is play the Star Wars slot machines way in the back near the toilets.
Actually, they are directly at the doorway of the toilets.
Maybe the casino owner is not a Star Wars fan.
Neither am I but these machines are great, they always go nuts and triple my money.
I had rib eye cooked medium with mashed potato and sweet potato.
Yum!
It was all really good.
My husband devoured most of a bloomin' onion and I paid the price later.
What is that thing supposed to be anyway?
Outback in CA doesn't taste the same, except for the sweet potato which is always sooo good with cinnamon and butter.
This is obviously not the best place to get steak in Vegas.
It's not the cheapest either.
But we had it.
And it was good!

Notes: 1 visit, dinner Overall: Salty.
(Probably even more salty than Olive Garden, which is quite a feat.
)  Free bread - Best part of the meal!
Soooo good.
It's some sort of dark brown bread that's super soft and has a light honey flavor to it.
I should have just eaten three baskets of that and saved us some cash.
Baby back ribs - Came with virtually no sauce.
Dry and salty were the only two words that could possibly describe this horrible dish.
The fries that came with it were soft and mushy.
Ewww.
Ceasar salad - Salty.
The croutons and the chicken were good, but a salty salad is still a salty salad.
Another reminder to always order dressing on the side at restaurants.
Coconut shrimp - Don't know if all coconut shrimp is like this, but I didn't like the coconut shreds.
They were too tough and didn't add any flavor.
Shrimp on the Barbie - Only decent dish that night, and I only say that because it wasn't too salty.

Well I never had a bad eating experience at any outback restaurant, including this one.
Me and my friend had the steak and it was cooked spot on.
Got here late in the day but it was still busy.
The waitress was very friendly and attentive.

The food was great, our server Lloyd was awesome, and it was a perfect dinner to end our trip to Vegas!

While there has been some updates to the menu, it seems like the quality of food was not comparable to the prices.... but our very special waiter made all the difference...

One of the better restaurant experience of my trip.
While hotel rates are dropping,  food is not.
While I revel the number of choices The Strip offers, the spiraling economy always makes me think of the tourist trap.
I had an unfortunate experience in a not-named (but reviewed) Japanese restaurant earlier that week.
I was on a business trip while fellow colleagues visited rather posh restaurants.
With my family with me (and no, I did not expense their meals!
) I demanded at least one nice dinner during trade show week.
I was in a mood for a decent steak place, anticipated paying a little more, but trying to keep the tab under $100 for three.
One of the complaints about this Outback is the $$$.
It's deserved.
But like me, it is a corporate franchise name in a convenient location, with many patrons not spending their own money.
Welcome to Las Vegas.
Walking inside the Casino Royale and finding the somewhat secret elevator we found the creaky floor lobby of Outback.
There was a wait, but not terribly long.
We were given a table near the bar and I ordered a rare cocktail.
Our server offered a pleasant suggestion for an extra $1 for an extra shot of the dizzy juice.
After a long day stuffed in a (monkey) suit, its good advice.
With bread, we did resist ordering an appetizer.
Wanting to experiment, I went with the Prime grade fillet while the wife went with the Choice.
In a mood to splurge, I ordered a lobster tail.
Prime versus Choice: The prime is more tender than choice but unsure if its that noticeable or worth the extra dollars.
The Lobster Tail: That was incredibly good!
My daughter went to my side of the table to make it her meal.
And it didn't need any butter.
Desert: Giant brownie cake and ice cream on top.
Though there was no cake *under* the ice cream, a form of cheating, there was enough there for three.
The Service: I was very pleased and relieved to be treated well.
Though a busy night, our server found the time to make sure we were okay and our water glasses not empty.
The Damage: With tip, it came near $120.
I wanted to treat myself and I did.

Food was very good.. Can't stop saying good things about their service.. One of the best in a while..
Props again to our server, Ryan..

I'd never been to an Outback Steakhouse before.
Won't bother again.
Appies were nasty - deep fried mushrooms and an onion flower.
Salty, dull, tough.
My companions both had racks of ribs and seemed to enjoy them.
I had a rib eye steak, which probably could have been very nice had it not been immersed in a salty rub.
The atmosphere is very dated, second-rate, typical theme restaurant, and the Australian theme is pretty laughable.
Other than a couple of decent Australian beers (Boags and Coopers) you won't find anything here that you can't get at just about any other mid-range steakhouse in America.
You can't even get a burger with a slice of pickled beetroot and a fried egg.

We visited a week ago or so.
Food and service were great!
Thanks Outback!

I didn't wait in any lines and got seated swiftly.
I requested a booth and got one quickly.
The waiter came over and I wanted a drink but non-alcoholic.
He recommended a very delicious drink, and I enjoyed it, so thanks to him I got to try something new.
I am not sure what it was called, but it was a fruity drink, with strawberries.
Bacon Cheese Burger sounded great, and it also tasted good.
I am very pleased with the service here.

went to Vegas on a budget......and had a $50 gift certificate so Outback was a must stop.....Service was great, the manager was very interactive and friendly......Joseph the waiter was very personable and the food was great!!

After taking the day to recoup from New Years Eve on the Strip we decided to return to the scene of the Crime... Or crimes..
Heading out with some friends from out of town for the night Phil and his wife recommended the Outback steakhouse on the strip... No Problem.
We parked over at the City Center and walked over to the this location which in the 2 years I have been in Vegas I had never been here.
Despite the group of people waiting when we got to the top of the elevator we walked in like we had an Aussie access pass or something.
The whole experience was fast track, If I finished this review the way our meal went it would go something like this.
Sitbreadbreadordersaladbreadsteakeatleave........ Now in the amount of time it took you to figure out what I was just doing there we had already been seated and served our first loaf of bread ordered and began to sip on our iced tea...
I know you think I exaggerating but it's true, I wrote it here on the Internet so you have to believe it.
After our lightning fast seating and greeting and the quick stealth like drop of our bread the waiter is upon us.
Welcome, what would like, how would you like it and could I get you anything else all things thrown out to us.
After ordering our meals the salads hit the table, all fresh and crisp.
The next part of the experience could be considered good and bad; before our salads were gone or even half gone the expo was standing next to our table preparing to put our amazing steaks in front of us.
Now, for me i am not a fan of that but in this case it was okay because the inner carnivore in all of us at the table began to take over as the salads were pushed away and the knives were drawn.
the steaks was amazing, no fat, perfectly cooked and seasoned to perfection, the outback hit a home-run.
This place changed my outlook on the outback, the food lived up to the hype in this case.
If you find yourself on the strip and in need of some meat, hit the outback and get some grub, you wont regret it.

Consistent quality and welcoming staff makes this a repeat stop when visiting or staying on the North end of the strip.
Rat in the bar for fast seating and a more causal approach.

I got the Prime Selection Ribeye steak medium rare for $36.
The sweet spot was about the size of a silver dollar and the rest of the steak was fat and tough meat.
My sisters got the prime rib and filet.
Both were exceptionally good.
The service was good too.

I must say we had the best service from our waiter, Joseph.
He had an awesome sense of humor and checked on us without being overly pushy.
He had great suggestions about everything.
Drinks were prompt, followed by the bread and dinner.
It was all cooked perfectly.
I know you can get Outback practically anywhere, but ther service was stellar!

We stopped in for a quick bite to eat, neither of us really hungry, but aware it may be some time before we get another chance.
We sat at a table at the bar, because there was no wait.
Our server was friendly enough at first, but that changed as soon as he surmised we weren't the Whales he had hoped for.
After he made his pitch on the top-line steak specials, my friend replied that we were actually big fans of their burgers.
It was a nice comment, suggesting that he would have completely sold us on the steaks, if we had not already set our minds to the burgers instead.
It was the kind of statement polite people use when they want to do something other than what you suggested.
He just stared at us with this look of disgust and said "I think the burgers here are crap.
" In a mater of seconds, the waiter's demeanor turned completely in the other direction.
All of a sudden, it was if he couldn't get away from our table fast enough.
He coldly flew through our burger orders like he was auditioning for the role of Flo in Alice.
Some other guy actually delivered our food, but as he approached the table he proudly proclaimed "Welcome to Burger King.
" If we didn't now any better, we would have concluded he was auditioning for the same role.
He literally 'dropped' our burgers, then turned and walked away.
We dug into our burgers, still wondering if anyone was going to bring us some silverware and napkins - oh and some ketchup would be nice too.
Not surprisingly, we had to stop yet another server to get the silverware and our ketchup got dropped off some time later.
The ketchup hit the table with such force it almost spilled onto our fries for us.
My friend and I were so involved in our business discussion that night - it really should have taken no less than a naked cowgirl floatin' across the ceiling to get us to pay attention to anything else, but amazingly enough, the piss-poor service at this place got both of us dropping our jaws in disbelief.
Not only do I want to write this review, I want to call the corporate headquarters of Outback Steakhouse and suggest they fire the entire staff - right down to the management that allows that kind disgusting behavior to take place.
Hey Outback - you have lost me as a customer - forever!
Oh, and the burgers were crap.

Good food and great staff.
Despite being one of the busiest restaurants in town, the staff provided really friendly  attentive service without being over the top.
The food was good and the margarita's were the best we had in town.

I went to Vegas last weekend and it was a first time I ate at Outback Steakhouse.
It is definitely a great location to eat and they open late.
I ordered a steak and it was deliciouse.
My mom ordered ribs and wow!
the portion was huge.
The place is clean and has a good atmosphere.
The customer service was also great, very friendly stuff.
We went with kids and right away they gave them coloring book which is always a plus in my eyes.
For six people I paid better price comparing to many other food places in vegas, and had an excellent dinner.

I never had such a good steak in my life!
Took the USDA Center Cut Filet, the only thing to say: Amazing!
Service is very kind and helpful.
Food is prepared fresh and is delicious.
No objections!
Next time I visit the states I won't miss to eat there (or in another Outback Steakhouse).
Be sure to make a reservation if you go for dinner, or take a seat at the bar which is first come first serve.

Despite the busy late dinner rush around 7-8pm, we were seated within about 20-25 minutes.
Service was great, food came out promptly.
We did wait quite a bit for our bread and butter though.
On a busy night, I highly recommend ordering a cocktail, some sort of appetizer immediately!
Our steaks (Victoria's Filet and Melbourne 32 oz both medium rare) came out very rare and red... mmmm.
Next time maybe I'll go for medium.
Overall, we really loved the mushroom appetizer and the sweet potato fries are amazing!
If you're looking for something  to fill you up on the first night and don't want to spend more than ~$100 per person, I think it's a great option.
I was so happy when we ran into this, because I knew I wanted steak or something substantial.
I thought the wait was reasonable on a weekend on the strip vs. any of the pricier signature restaurants or steakhouses.

My relatives are visiting from China and wanted to try some American food.
I took them to the las vegas strip Outback.
The food was pretty good and it appeared that for Las Vegas, the service was good as well.
The total food bill was 82 and we tipped 12 (about 15%).
Later when we checked the bill online, the tip was changed to $20.
The servers name was Patrick.
I have a message for you Outback: Patrick has changed my opinion of Outback, I will never again patronize your resturant in Las Vegas or any other city.
If this happened to me, it most certainly has happened to others.
You are doing a poor job of hiring and supervising your employees!

This time we didn't get jaded by a poor meal by a celebrity chef owned restaurant.
We used some of our Casino Royale Players Comp Credits for a meal at the Outback and I got one of the best meals I had in Las Vegas.
The pork chops were cooked perfectly medium with pink in the middle.
Seasoned good.
I wasn't shy about grabbing the bones with my hands and getting all that meat off the bones.
Just another solid performance by the Outback kitchen.

Touted as the busiest Outback in the world.
I'm an Outback regular, but if this were my local OB, I certainly wouldn't be.
This OB has a very limited menu compared to other OB's, and the prices are greatly inflated.
Our waitress ran around a LOT without actually getting anything done.
She reminded me of someone who has certain substance habits & addictions.
Had to send food back to have it cooked properly, and when it came back, it was STILL raw.
It was obvious to me that the grill was way too hot, as my steak was burned on the outside, but remained very raw inside.
Not a proper medium rare!
I would NOT eat here again, and dissuaded several people I met from eating there.
Some already had eaten there, and agreed with my assessment.
The "Busiest Outback in the World" is too busy for its own good.
I will NOT be back to this Outback.

I admit, I love Outback normally.
However, this one?
SERIOUSLY disappointing.
This location is meant to be the busiest Outback in the world.
I cannot even beging to believe this considering we went in on a weekend evening and were seated straight away (and there was a lot of empty tables).
So what was good about the experience.
Oh, Nothing.
Firstly because the location is on the strip the prices are suddenly increased.
The steaks are much more expensive than in any other Outback we have ever been to.
So instead hubby had pork chops and I had a burger.
We started with the onion bloom.
No bread was given to us- guessing that because we decided not to have steak we werent seen to be worthy of it.
Whatever.
The onion, it was greasy very greasy and I am sure the oil they used was old.
It also didnt taste great.
My burger was ok, fries were meh.
His food?
it was ok. but then he is always ok with his food.
I must be picky.
Whilst the place was quiet we had to wait ages to get the bill.
The service was not great and the place didnt seem clean.
I wont even go into the state of the restroom :/  This place needs a refresh completely.
Its not a wonder it was so quiet.

Rib eye steak is the business after a night of hard drinking and throwing your money away at O'Sheas!

Very fast service for an Outback restaurant!
However, the prices are slightly higher than other Outbacks.
I didn't even know that was legal in a franchise.
But I guess anything goes in Vegas, eh?
The location is on the strip but it doesn't appear to ever be busy.
I would assume most people are judging that the service would be too slow for a quick meal.
Definately not the case!

Went in around 3 PM for lunch and was greeted by a nearly-empty place, which was pretty relaxing after dodging the noisy crowds on the Las Vegas strip.
Service was prompt and friendly, food was delicious--I ordered a burger and fries,,YUM,,,I would certainly revisit this place next time while in Vegas.

wow!
What a surprise this resto was for me.
I have been to the Outback on Sunset and Green Valley and do not remember it to be anything like this one on So.Las Vegas Blvd.
I had the burger topped with their 'bloomin onions' and fries as a side dish.
My friend had the ribeye and baked potato and a side salad.
Our food came at a reasonable time.
I noticed that both our dishes were inordinately shiny (translate to - greasy!
) but I didnt think much of it.
I didnt finish my burger (ate about a 3rd of it and boxed the rest) finished my fries and my friend polished off her plate.
Then we had coffee and key lime pie.
After dinner, we headed out to the mall to "walk off" all that grease we had consumed.
But as soon as I left the restaurant, I felt my mouth dry up.
Thirty minutes after shopping, my friend wanted to go get a long cold drink of soda and so did I.
We were both so very very thirsty.
After much thought, we were thinking about what could have possibly triggered such voracious thirst in both of us.
Sodium.
That restaurant served our food laced with maximum doses of sodium.
I realized, my body reacts to MSG, and that what happens to me - I get very thirsty and  a bit swollen.
Sure enough~!
I will never eat there again - ever!
Dont bring your kids there although I saw very many families with young ones gobbling up the food.
They put too much sodium, cook with way too much grease.
Sodium is used as a preservative.
I hoped I wasnt eating week old ground meat.
Or worse(!
) below standard quality ground beef.
All I can tell you is that, the following day - I got the runs, Eat at your own risk!

This has been a major overlooked gem of the strip for me.
With so many vegas restaurants trying to lure in the steak fiends I found this place to be the best value.
Located on the 2nd floor of Casino Royale south strip across the street from The Mirage.
Strip view seating available.
Perfect new york strip steak.
I'm sure this location gets busy, but on the tues I was there it was calm and casual.
As far as atmosphere it's no STK, Prime or Stripsteak, but at least there's a strip view option.
definitely coming back.
Cheers!

Hmm lots of negative Nancy's in here.
I claim shenanigans.
This Outback is really cool.
You get a nice view of the strip and the Mirage volcano, quick service and a decent meal for a good price.
Granted the menu is slightly more expensive than outer OB steakhouses, but what more do you expect from Vegas?
I had the Outback special, with steak, mashed potatoes and steamed veggies.
It was very good and tender.
And our waiter was really nice and attentive.
I dunno if it was me though, but it seemed to feel a bit hot in the restaurant.
They really need to crank up the AC in there.

Last time I went healthy and got grilled chicken and dry [no butter] broccoli.
It was very good!
This time I ordered a steak and a potato with a glass of wine.
I remember when I was younger I thought the steak here was pretty good!
This time not so much.
It was tough and fatty, not so bueno.
Didn't like it much at all.
My friend ordered steak too!
His was over cooked as he wanted M/R but got M/W.
If you go, I'd shy away from the steak, just eat the bread and drink some wine!

Great food as one would expect, awesome server.
i had won some cash and was tempted by other steak houses that boast 100.00 steaks, but i chose outback, it is always a perfect meal.
even tho this one is on the Vegas strip, it is not a tourist trap, prices are just like any other outback.
plus you get to ride the elevator behind the giant coke bottle on the strip!

Slow service....employees talking to each other about personal things within earshot of us.....overcooked blooming onion....overcooked hamburger....dry chicken....best of all....the woman at the table next to us found a hair on her plate.

So if you're looking to get a huge punch of that smokiness, try some of the other steaks.
In the end I wasn't completely dazzled and love-struck by this offering, but I'll give this place 3 stars for the groans of satisfaction that came from my friend as he polished his steak off.

I'd never eaten at a Outback before, but I was in Vegas on a budget, and was very pleasantly surprised.
In fact, a little later on in my stay I pushed the boat out and ate at a more expensive alternative at one of the casinos - and it wasn't as good.
Friendly service, a decent steak, and a price that won't make you sweat.
When I'm back in town, I'm sure I'll go again.

This was my second visit of the Outback steakhouse.
The first one was also in a very touristy place in a different state.
The location is pretty busy and you might wait for the table easily.
The food and drinks are OK, but nothing special.
And overpriced.
However, our server was very professional and helpful.
Surprised us with a free starter - a tasty dark loaf of bread with butter.

First and last time eating at this restaurant.
Waiter wasn't very personable, hostess rammed my already injured arm with the leg of a chair.
Food was expensive and not tasty to say the least.
I would not recommend.

Visiting this location is always fun.
Tonight we popped in really late and sat at the bar with Amber.
The boyfriend ordered his normal.
The salad was a little stale but the steak (medium) was perfect.
I know there's a lot of food choices in vegas but familiarity is always good.

I always love Outback!
Our waitress was Cindy, and she was absolutely wonderful!
She was so sweet and put up witb my dad's drunken antics.

Don't mean to sound like a total fatty BUT I've had a few things off their menu lol I have tried they're delicious mashed potatoes and they we delicious.
The chicken strips and chicken salads are the best along with their pulled pork.
The burgers are also great with a thick and juicy patty.
The steak they serve could use some help but everything else is great even the chardonnay.
Ooooh Oooh how can I forget about their desserts the cheesecake and brownies are delish!

Questa catena di ristoranti è un punto di riferimento per chi viaggia.
Il menù è ricco e i piatti sono abbondanti e buonissimi.
Il loro antipasto classico è la cipolla gigante fritta o "bloomin onion" e merita sicuramente un assaggio.
Il filetto è semplicemente spettacolare!
11oz di carne morbida e succulenta servita con purè di patate o patatine fritte, accompagnate magari da una buona birra (Sam Adams e Blue Moon le mie favorite).
Il personale è cordiale e sempre attento.

Ive always enjoyed my dinners at Outback and this time in Vegas was no acception.
Its always crowded as its good value for the money and nothing fancy as most "Yelp-people" know.
Me and my dinnerdate shared a victorias filé and new york strip 50-50 to get two differnt kind of cuts.
The filé was lean and tender at medium but the ny strip was really tasty.
Not as lean as the filé but so much more steakflavor.
This is the steak i will come back for!
The ceasar on the side was ok but nothing more but the sweet potator fries was a real treat though a bit on the "sugary" side.
Too bad this place cant offer anything else in sauce accept the A1 since most steaks taste even better with a pepper sauce or wine sauce.
The sautéed onions as a side is a must.
The service was fast with a smile and the cold Foster beer didnt dissapoint with the steak.
The total check was around 180 $ for 4 with tip wich was good.
This is not the best steak or the most beautiful restaurant but you get what you pay for and to get Vic & Anthony class dinner/steak its a different pricerange that is roughly double up from Outback and some more.

We have been to several Outbacks even in Las Vegas alone.
We never had a problem for birthday celebrations and have been going for someones birthday at least one time in a year.
Not only did my sister bring the cake early that they forgot to bring out.
We had to tell the server twice as it was not a surprise anymore.
Then, the manager comes out to say sorry for the problem.
It happened cause of our shift change.
Really??????
Does a guest really want to know that.
But it gets better.
Not everyone wants stuff for free.
We didnt.
But she brings out 2 bowls with 4 scoops each of vanilla ice cream and says its on us.
Heres a helpful hint.
Just go get the cake right away and make it happen and say sorry to the whole table and on the next visit ask for me and I will give you 10% off.
If we wanted ice cream we would have ordered it with our cake we brought in.
AAAMAAAAZing.
This Outback has ok service and a inexperience manager, being its on the Las Vegas strip, south end.
Go to the one on Sahara or in front of Harrah's...way better.

Sorry Outback you really disappointed me at this location.
Outback is generally  my go to place when I'm out and about.
First problem, I arrive at 11:45.
I want the Outback Special 6 oz sirloin.
They don't Offer 6 oz only a 20 oz.
for $19.99.
Really?
I can't ear that much meat!
So I settle For a prime rib sandwich.
Second Problem, it took 30 minutes!
The sandwich was served on an under baked roll.
It cost $12.99, I should have opted for a Mc Rib!
Third problem,  where is the beer?
Terrible Selection.
The server was nice, but not very good.
I think I will call your main office to say how terrible this location is.

My boyfriend and I ALWAYS make it a spot to eat dinner because the service is great and the food is fantastic!
I have been to the Outback where I live but this place must put something special in the food because it is "THE BOMB"!
I ordered the spare ribs and they were fall of the bone super.
The time before that I ordered the pasta and again, super.
Just go already!
LOL We plan on going back again in May so we will probably stop there again.

Been here several times over the past few years.
Always a pleaser.

1ere expérience pour déjéuner à Vegas.
Très agréablement surpris !
Service au top (probablement l'un des avantages à ce que les serveurs soient rémunérés aux poubroires).
Je recommande le steak frites avec salade, suffisant pour nourrir 2 europées ou 1 américain ^^ Les pichets de margarita ne pardonnent pas, si vous décides d'en commander un préparez vous à une longue promenad digestive.....

I was very surprised by our visit to Outback tonight.
Out management team is in town for a meeting and we decided to grab a quick dinner.
Our waitress Trista was very attentive to our needs.
Our drinks never went empty.
Our food was cooked perfectly.
My only complaint is our table was very close to a table on both sides of us so it became a little to cozy.

Very disappointing experience!
After a trip over by RIO, to find the sign but no store.
Next, wrong address on Google, and then to have found it by address, but poor direction once inside.
This is not a REAL Outback.
About 1/2 the standard menu, they don't take boomerang or dining rewards cards like all the others, and the prices are at minimum 50% higher than other locations.
The food for my wife was inedible, but mine was decent.
I will say our server did an excellent job, but that was the only positive part of the experience.
I thought we would find great food and a slight premium price.
But for the $65 spent for two meals and no drinks - I would have been much better going anywhere else.
No money saved.....only wasted, as well as all the time and expense to find.

Outback Steakhouse is a fairly good chain.
tHis location did not disappoint.
They always have good quality food.
Good sized proportions with a fair price for wHats on the plates, you wont leave hungry!
We were particularly happy with the great customer service from our waiter.
The only thing that could be improved would be Beer selection.
No Australian's drink Fosters - and that's the only Australian beer they serve.

If you're looking for a really good prime steak, I let you in on a little secret.
This Outback offers them at a very reasonable price.
For $39.95, I had a delicious New York Strip done to perfection.
Mind you, if you went to 9ine at the Palms, you'd probably  be paying about $95 for the same thing.
This is one of the only Outbacks that I know of that offers prime meat in addition to their regular fare.
The sides were good; the Caesar salad dressing was a might to salty for my taste, but other than that, dinner was great.
Hats of to my server Lex.
This place can be hard to find.
It's next to the M&M Store.
Just take the elevator to the 4th floor.
A window seat is a plus if you want to see the hotels and the Strip.

I haven't been to an Outback in years and I was a little disappointed.
Everything seemed way smaller, yet just as expensive.
The Bloomin' Onion was tiny!
I remember it being this enormous, disgusting mess!
Also, there used to be many more menu items.
I had the Parmesan Pasta with Grilled Shrimp and it was OK. A little too creamy as opposed to a cream sauce, but the shrimp were excellent.
My bf gave me his garlic mash potatoes and those were really good.
My bf had the Crab cakes and really like them, although again the portion was pretty small.
Our server was really nice, the service was good, no complaints there.

My husband and I went here for our anniversary.
The food was great and the server Trista was very friendly, nice and super attentive.
Always checked up on us and we never gone thirsty because she kept out drinks filled.
not like the other servers that you have to call out first to get anything.
Trusts made sure we Ate all set and taken care of :-)

3 words: NO NO NO!!
And this is coming from an avid Outback lover!
If your servers name is EARL...RUNNNNN!!!!
He's rude, argumentative, and kinda a tool.
He told a customer across from us, who clearly had a really thick accent and was a tourist,  " here in America....." Really?!
Just awful.
I sent my first steak back because it was a Frisbee, and just as tasty.....that turned into a whole discussion with the waiter who tried to convince me that because I ordered my steak well done it was acceptable for it to be a hockey puck.
I ordered ANOTHER cut, this time medium well.....and it came to the table still bleeding, mooing, and making milk.
I was done!
Earl then asked me if I wanted them to "Cook it longer".
The saving grace was the manager Patrick who was insanely awesome and attempted to rectify the train wreck that was my meal.
There are numerous steakhouses in Vegas, so save yourself time and energy, and don't eat at this one.

I don't really like outback any more but this location was great.
Fast.
Good service and the food was surprisingly good.
I would definitely recommend this location but I'm still skeptical of other locations.

FOOD POISONING ALERT!!!
First night in Vegas.
ONE drink + dinner.
I woke up at 1am and threw up all night.
When I called the manager and asked for a refund for my $21 dollar dinner he referred me to his insurance company.
Don't go here.
It's not worth your time, or your health.

An avid fan of Outback, I wasn't disappointed when we visited on Friday night.
The Bloomin onion was fabulous...we even ordered an extra one to take home.
Our server was really nice and the only drawback was that we had to wait 30 minutes to get a table.
Love this place!

I went to both locations on the Strip.
The first one was by the M & M factory - ugh do not go in there!
I usually get good service but not this time.
I ordered the Mahi Mahi...why was my fish raw inside??
Gross!
The server (I cannot remember her name) was pleasant but she was slow.
We waited for 20 minutes or so for our drinks...then they charged us almost $10 for some lemonade!!
The bread was good...you should never go wrong there...but her service was crap.
My Mom ordered the soup; the server said it was two cups...no way possible  and they don't even serve it in a bread bowl....the one positive is the mgr comp'd the meal...but that didn't stop me from being hungry....she said that the cook wanted to eagerly serve us....with raw fish??!!
really??!!
The second location I went to was across from Caesar's palace...our server Kat...major improvement from the other spot.
She was courteous and a good server.
She tended to our needs so we didn't have to ask for anything which was nice.I would come back to this location VS the other one....

So it was my boyfriend's b-day yesterday and we decided to just eat at this restaurant.
I let him order the steak and beer while mine was the shrimp platter.
Take Note: I bought a cake back at home as a surprise when we get home.
That means I don't want to buy any desserts at all after were done eating.
So, while the server asked us if we wanted to get something for desserts, I flatly said NO!
to save money a little bit lol!
But my boyfriend said... Not unless it's free since it is his b-day.
The server just said...OK!
and left.
Oh to our surprise, she bought us the dessert cake for free!
We were so amazed and thankful for her generosity.
Obviously, since she was nice I gladly tipped her the 18%.
I'm not pretty sure anymore if you can get free desserts as to this day from any other restaurants but still feel grateful to even get one.

No surprise, no good.
What was I thinking?...
Staying on the strip and outback is literally downstairs so I thought I would pick some food to go.
Prime rib- oh my... fatty, chewy, not tender but mushy.
I opened the container and was immediately turned off.
Lamb- biggest mistake of the year.
Worst lamb I've ever had.
The wine sauce was also clumpy.
The whole thing was just a salty chewy mess.
Burgers- these were probably the best items if the night, but who can screw up a burger?
Got a bacon cheese and mushroom Swiss.
I didn't taste them but I heard they were ok.   Fries were mediocre, garlic mashed potatoes were just meh, the baked potato soup was par and the Caesar salad had more fake Parmesan cheese on it than lettuce.
Overall my meal was way over salted and way under flavored.
This is the last time I will ever go to an outback.

The prices may have gone up but this is the best place for a steak in town.
The service was great and the food was even better.

We frequent Outbacks across the country, so I was a little disappointed when I saw that the menu was a bit abbreviated.
My favorite wedge salad was missing from the menu completely.
I was forced instead into the burger menu to find something to satisfy my hunger.
The service, however, was great even if the food took longer than usual to come out.
The Aussie Fries came out loaded with cheese and bacon, far better than any other Outback we've been to.

