Target sucks lately.
They NEVER have enough stock.
It Seems like every time I go to Target they're out of at least 1 or 2 items on my shopping list - causing me to have to make another stop.
Very anoying.

After shopping at a couple of different Targets lately (San Bruno, CA, Indian Bend and W Agua Fria Pkwy), I've come to really appreciate this one on FLW.
The lines are usually long, but it's something I'm willing to deal with if that means a cleaner and more organized store.

I love Target!
I go here for almost everything!!
They recently just updated their grocery section to include fresh produce, I would have given 5 stars if they would have just made it a Super Target!!
I frequent this Target often and I never leave the store empty handed!
I love how they have recycling bins right in front of the registers!
It is so convenient to be able to bring in old plastic bags and empty plastic bottles to be recycled especially because where I am living does not offer such recycling.
Every employee has always been very friendly.
When I have had to return items there have never been any issues or hassle.
If you live in the north Scottsdale area I would definitely recommend shopping here over Wal-Mart any day!!!

This Target is great!
They have recently upgraded their store to include a new refrigerated section with cold cuts, meats, etc.
I didn't realize they were in that business.
WOW!
Now don't get me wrong, this is not a grocery store by any stretch of the imagination, but it does make it easier late at night to pick up something.
Nice job!

This is one of my favorite Targets.
It is easy to access and usually on my way to different places.
I like how they remodeled it, to now offer groceries.
I don't know that it is necessary or how successful that will be, but the rest of the store is great.

The NorSco Target is friendly, convenient, and above all, IT'S CLEAN!
I've learned to buffer my checking account for the "Target Effect".
The "Target Effect" is the name I've given to the phenomenon that occurs when I visit a Target store for a specific product and end up purchasing more than I came for.
For example, it's common to shop at a Target store for essential consumable goods like contact solution and end up buying shoes, accessories, electronics, and other value-priced merchandise.
Nonetheless, I very seldom have buyer's remorse after a Target shopping trip and rarely end up returning unnecessary or surplus items.
I'm also a HUGE fan of the Target debit card.
It links to your checking account and gives you 5% off all purchases.
Just do it.

The wait to check out was a bummer.
More lanes should have been opened to accommodate the amount of people and carts waiting, minus a star.
Otherwise, this location is one of the better ones around.
The store is very clean, bright, and well organized.
It gives off a "higher end" appeal, but with the awesome Target prices.
I did see a Starbucks along with other food options to grab a quick snack.
I took my niece to the bathroom and was impressed on how spotless it was!
Kudos to this location!

This Target never lets me down and it especially didn't let me down today.
After hunting high and low for chocolate covered pretzel sticks I found them here and the Christmas elves are absolutely to thank for that.

Clean store, friendly staff, great product selection and good prices.

I could spend all day shopping here if you know what I mean ;)

This location is always clean, the staff is always nice and there is always plenty of stock.
They have a nice variety of high/mid/lower end items with more options than most Targets.
The strip mall it is located in also is one of the better ones, with ample parking, other shopping/eating options and overall great location.
This is my go to target.
I just can't "check in" here as many times as I go, or people would be concerned about me.

This is my store @ FLW and the 101.
The store's always CLEAN (including the bathrooms), has a Starbucks INSIDE (woo-hoo!
), well stocked with lots of friendly and helpful staff.
BONUS: there's a TJ Maxx and Ross in the same shopping center.

Just say no to Walmart!!
(Walmart is a big supporter of Devil Monsanto!
)  I've stopped shopping at the Walmart by my apartment and now get all the stuff I normally buy there at this location- L'Oreal Sulfates-free line of shampoos and conditioners and other staples.
Tonight, I needed to get Mom a jar of Laura Scudder peanut butter, her favorite brand.
It costs a little over a dollar more per jar here ($3.29, instead of $2.24 at Walmart), BUT I also spotted jars of Laura Scudder ORGANIC peanut butter selling at $4.19, which Walmart DOESN'T even carry.
(And even if it did, it doesn't matter anymore, since I won't ever go back!

I really like this Target.
It's close to my work and easy to get in and get out.
The parking lot is rather large and I almost always find a really good parking space.
The inside of the store is nice as well.
Everything is clean and the place is well lit.
The aisles are laid out nicely and easy to find items.
I love stopping here on a lunch break to get my necessities or just to browse.
I like searching the Clearance end caps because they usually have some good stuff.
Overall, I'd rather shop at Target than Wal*Mart and this is a pretty nice Target.
It's got everything a traditional Target has, plus a grocery market and a Starbucks inside.

Target is our go to place to get decent household items.
A definite stop during Christmas season, it's also a good place to find gifts for co-workers and friends....when you don't want to spend too much money.
The only thing about this Target is that it's tucked in the back near a TJ Maxx and Ross, which means the parking lot can get crazy when it's busy.
Overall, it's a nice, clean store.
Return Factor - 80%

Far less crowded than the local Target I sometimes find myself in this area and have rarely been let down by the products they carry.
That said, prices are still higher and selection is still smaller than the Walmart a few doors down and without the copious produce section I need to survive the week this place only works in a pinch.

It's been awhile since I was at a Target but as usual I found exactly what I was looking for.
I need to go back more often!

***************************** I seldom walk the aisles **********************************                                          Today was no exception.
I prefer that my Wife have this Outstanding Experience.
My position of preference is waiting in the Starbucks seating area.
From a distance the store appears to be clean and inviting.
Thank goodness ...... the folks that wear stretch pants four sizes to small ..... go elsewhere.

This Target is one of the best.
Plus they have a food court (which I don't normally go for to eat) and they have a Starbucks!
Totally awesome they have both unlike the Target closer to me!
It's always clean and neat in here and everything is easy to find.
The layout is like the Target by me so I know where everything is and am not scrambling around to find a section.

Love this target!
Super friendly sales associates and organized isles!
Great clothing and food selection vs other locations.

As a Target Shopper, I would NOT recommend this store!
While the stock/selection isn't bad - the Service generally is!!
I always seem to ne amazed at the attitude/apathy of "many" of their staff.
Tonight took the cake as I when I got home & reached for my new jammies + they weren't there!
Neither was the outfit I planned on wearing tomorrow!!
Turns out the Brainiac that checked me out (looked) like she was loading them into the tub I purchased, but instead was placing into some obscure spot she "forgot" about!
I now have to drive ALL the way BACK tomorrow - which is not close for me!
So ticked!
Manager on phone could barely muster an apathetic "sorry.
" Which is EXACTLY what I'm talking about.
UNreal.
Skip this store if u can!

We were looking for a new smart phone and had given up after visiting Verizon and Best Buy, terrible experiences with both.
Stopped by Target to pick up and few things and stopped to talk to Alee in the electronics dept.
She showed us the phone we were looking for and found all the specials and discount she could give us.
What a great experience to have someone actually care about making you happy.
We purchased the phone and she transferred all the content from our old phone.
Alee knew more about how Verizon works than their own employees do.
I will be referring all our friends to Alee.

