Their wings and hot dogs will never disappoint the taste buds.
This place isn't a good hangout by any stretch.
They do have a couple classic arcade games though, Golden Axe and Ms. PacMan.

The most awesome experience I've had with wings came in Atlanta back in like 94' or something.
There was this little shack outside our hotel that sold a dozen wings for like $6 or something.
They were the best wings I've ever had.
Fried perfectly and with a sauce hot enough to know I'm eating buffalo wings but tasty as well.
We must have gone through at least 9 dozen wings.
No exaggeration.
Long Wong's wings are the first to remind me of that little shack.
Partly because it really is a little shack itself.
But the wings there are simple and effective, something that I haven't found in a buffalo wing since.
Sure the place is a dive, but what else does it need to be?
You're in the middle of Phoenix.
You're hungry for wings.
You don't need Native New Yorker type atmosphere.
You just need wings that are good and won't break the bank.
Long Wong's ain't pretty, but they fit the bill for some affordable and top-notch grub.
They've got some other things on the menu...a couple chinese dishes and some stuff that I can't remember now.
Its not important.
You come here for wings.
Oh, there are burgers that people seem to enjoy as well.
Maybe I'll check them out next time.
Little joints like this tend to have good burgers for some reason...nice and greasy!
Anyway, for under 7 bucks you can get a dozen wings.
If you're a kind person, the lady behind the counter can tell...she'll give you a free ranch.
If you come in there with an attitude or like the rest of the world is here to serve you, you get no free ranch.
She doesn't say much, she doesn't smile much, but she gave me free ranch.
So she's a saint in my book.
It took about 7 minutes to get my food, which is perfect when I'm on a quick lunch.
There was one other person in front of me, so that's really a good time frame.
I have to mention that it was cash only...don't know if this is all the time, but that day there was a sign stating no plastic.
A small inconvenience.
There's about 5 chairs in there so you'll probably be standing around while waiting.
I guess there is a back area you can wait in, too.
Though it looks as if you're not supposed to be in there or something.
Got my little styrofoam container and got back to the desk.
I opened the lid and the smell of correctness filled my cubicle and drifted throughout the office.
The aroma took me back to that little shack.
Presentation was surprisingly included here.
They had the little red and white paper in there on the bottom of the container, and celery and stuff, too.
Nice touch.
I grabbed a wing.
It was crispy.
Heavy.
Big.
A real piece of chicken.
Not those mini-wing dings I've gotten at some inappropriate places.
Took a bite.
Heaven.
I was back in Atlanta in 1994.
I was amazed and utterly pleased.
This was the buffalo wing I'd been patiently waiting for since the shack.
And I found it not at Native's.
Not Buffalo Wild Wings.
Not anywhere else but a little hole in the wall joint called Long Wong's.
Life is full of quirky surprises.
Crunchy.
Even after they'd sat in the sealed container steaming while I went to purchase a beverage.
Juicy.
The chicken was cooked to perfection, no undone or overdone stuff here.
Tasty.
Delicious isn't a great enough word.
These wings were simply perfect.
The sauce (i saw the lady pour it out of one of many jugs they have in the back) is honest and humble and simple and real.
No frilly stuff.
No Sweet and Sassy this, or 5 Alarm that.
Just some good stuff.
I'd eat a tire if you fried it and put this stuff on it.
What more could you ask for?
There is nothing fancy about Long wong's whatsoever.
Just the perfect wings.
I noticed some awards posted around the joint for their wings.
Rightly so.
To get the best tasting wings in the city for this price makes this joint my new indulgence.
So long, diet.
Hello buffalo wing paradise.

Long Wongs has the best buffalo chicken wings in the entire world.
The end.

Great place for wings.
Simple menu, Good deals.
My boss and I normally go there for a quick lunch.

Man oh man, is this my kind of place.
Where else can I crawl into a little shack and have some Asian lady in her PJ's slangin chicken wings?
Totally dig it.
The wings are always great, prices cheap and it's definitely a no frills place.
They even have a bed sheet or old curtain hanging to "hide" the kitchen!
In my opinion, these can be some of the best places to eat.
I've never actually been to any other Long Wong's, so this is my go to local wing spot.

If you can get past your initial,"Do I really want to go in there?
", you won't be sorry.
They have your typical buffalo wings, but they also have some unique sauces, too.
I never thought I would be gaga over honey mustard wings, but they are sticky, sweet goodies.

Great food a bit pricy but what's not in Scottsdale a cool establishment with an intriguing history.

Having some friends over for a party??
Stop by Long Wongs for some quick delicious wings.
50 wings for under $30.
You get to choose two flavors so I picked hot and teriyaki.
The hot weren't too spicy but had just the right amount of flavor.
The teriyaki were delicious!!!
The wings come with a baggie of sliced carrots and a heap of ranch dressing.
There isn't much to the inside of the restaurant.
The menu items have all been printed on computer paper and taped to the wall.
There aren't any chairs or tables so it's pretty much take-out style.
I've only been there once so I have yet to try any other items on the menu.

Amazingly delicious greasy buffalo wings.
It's a pretty crazy lookin' place but it will satisfy the most vicious wing craving.
This is a hole in the wall you tell your friends about!

The quality of the wings has deteriorated over the past few years and they are way overpriced.
Paid $34 for 50 wings and they were well below average in taste.
Wish I wouldn't have spent the money.

Great wings and a good burger.

I used to frequent the Long Wong's on Mill back in the day.
Best wings in the Valley.
This Long Wong's lives up to my memories.
If only they would upgrade the swamp cooler in the back, this place might be worthy of 5 stars.

Best wings, hands down.
If you're just craving wings, Long Wongs is your spot.
I've only been to this location and I typically do call in orders.
Quick and easy.
Eat some wangs!

Hands down the worst chicken wings I have ever had!
Low quality wing and too heavy with the sauce.
The cheeseburger was decent and the fries were good.

