If you're hungry on a Friday afternoon during lunch time, you don't know where to eat, and only have $7.55 cents to your name, this is the place to go.
For that price, you can get a lot of food and drink in your stomach.
It's not the best buffet, but it's definitely a great price.
By the time I was done, I was so satisfied.
My belly was about to explode.
Sad part is that on the way there, I kept telling myself "You are not going to over eat, you are not going to over eat, you are not going to over eat!
"  But, what happened?
Geez, this is why I don't do buffets.
But, it was cheap though, so I shouldn't complain.

$7.99 weekend brunch /w players card.
I believe the normal price is 9.99, but anyways for $10 you shouldn't expect much in vegas these days but this buffet does deliver decent food.
The usual items: bacon, sausage, eggs, pancakes, etc were there and of decent quality.
The brunch items included fried chicken, some kind of Chinese beef and onions, and I don't remember - I didn't eat too much.
But I did like their selection of fruit (watermelon, cantolope, apples, oranges) and some of their desserts weren't that bad.
The drinks are self-serve.
Bottom line is the place is clean and decent enough and if you're staying or gambling at Palace Station this place should suit your needs.

We got inspired by the ads on the 15 freeway with $7.99 buffet specials to go here.
Not the greatest buffet in the world but you get what you pay for and then some.
Decent food with the fried chicken and Chinese food.
Deserts were pretty good especially with the cheesecakes but just your average buffet and a cheap price.
Not a bad place to eat especially for some that needs to save their money, in which you need in Vegas

I came here for the weekend brunch (8 dollars with my boarding pass discount).
This buffet was the worst I've been at in Vegas.
First of all, my taco shells were stale!
It tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for days!
I went to the egg station where I witnessed the egg cook make dozens of mistakes and discarded half a dozen eggs.
After what felt like twenty minutes with three other people in front of me, I asked for poached eggs but the cook told me they didn't have an egg poacher and offered me steam eggs instead.
A few minutes later, I received two runny undercooked steamed eggs.
I should have known this cook didn't know how to cook eggs since he kept asking the customers if the eggs looked cooked enough before he took them off the stove.
Most of the food were borderline edible and just plain bad.
The only things I liked here were their desserts (lemon meringue, cheese danish, etc.).
It's just a shame that the people who run this buffet doesn't care or know what good food is.
It also appears that the staff is overworked.
For example, there should have been two egg cooks.
This buffet makes me think twice about returning to the Palace station hotel because I don't like paying for food cooked with no love or experience.
Don't come here, save your money.

yes while I will agree that the food isn't the greatest it is definitely the best value for money in terms of buffets in Las Vegas.
For $6.99 dinner and $7.99 sunday brunch it doesn't get any better than that.
Plus the food is at least decent and for $6.99 normally all you can get is McDonald's

They've remodeled but now there's less food and it's still all bland and cold.
Even though it's cheap $6.99 for dinner.
It still sucks, Never anything new and the service is iffy at best.
Holidays are really bad.

Good bang for the buck buffet..
It's been awhile since I've been here, but I go for dinner.
They had hand scooped ice cream.
It is cheap.
The meats were decent.
Not 5 star quality.. but it isn't bad.
You just need to find something you like.

I still haven't changed my mind much from the last time I was here but they have changed a few things.
You can now add a steak for $5 or 1 lb of crab legs for $6 to your $6.99 buffet.
It's the standard Vegas buffet, pretty small with so few choices, they do have charbroiled hamburgers and sausages.
But they got rid of the hand scooped ice cream & now have the machines which really sucks that was the highlight of this buffet.
The prime rib was par roast part rubber.
.The  chicken and tacos were good overall its not bad for $7, but still I usually only go when it's comped on my players card.
The service is non-existent here-get your own drinks and they hardly come around to clear plates.
However they did redeem themselves at the end with some good coffee.

Oh Lord, where do I start with this one?
I knew the experience was going to be bad when I was too late in recovering my comp card during the transaction.
I thought I had forgotten my card to give me a $2 discount, but after a quick check of the side pocket in my wallet, I realized that I had my card with me all along.
"Oh, here it is", I smiled at the cashier, handing her to the card.
She looked the height of annoyed at me and said "I've already rung it up", as she processed the last of my credit card.
Did she cancel the order?
Oh, heavens no!
That would take what, 2-3 button presses to adjust?
Don't want to tire out the fragile lamb.
Did I mention that there was no one behind me, so she would have had more than enough time to adjust my order?
It wasn't happening, and she let me know it.
The "Feast" is more like a "Fe".
It's small.
Surprisingly so.
I've been to small buffets, but the selection was really limited.
But it's the food that matters, right?
If you like fried chicken jerky masterfully placed on a chicken bone, and other freeze-dried foods, you'll feel like you're eating either the best camping or astronaut food around.
I walked around in hopes of finding some sort of culinary salvation, but the best I got was a bad stomach ache after the meal.
The desserts, however, weren't bad, and the dispenser iced tea was okay.
They did a fairly decent job of clearing the table.
And so chronicles the first and last time I'll eat there.
I might have endured the mummified food if not for the rude service.

The varied ratings for this buffet will tell a story not easily understood by people who haven't been to Palace Station's buffet more than once or twice.
Your dining experience will vary GREATLY, depending on the time of day and your fellow diners.
If it is crowded, things get messy, food isn't filled quickly enough, stuff gets missed and it turns into a barely passable heap of mediocrity.
If it's quiet the food is fresh and tasty with plenty of options.
So what do I mean about fellow diners?
Well, I don't want to sound like a snob, but this place's status as one of the cheapest buffets around (which is still edible) draws in some....... diverse elements.
You'll see the families who seem to have 17 kids lining up for this one and once inside they will behave like they are around their own kitchen table with all the resulting chaos.
Very LOUD people also seem attracted to this one.
Breakfast is a completely different demographic and has been pleasant every time I have tried it.

UPDATE:  Just added some picks.
CHEAP ($6.99 for dinner NOT BAD.
) but not much of selection.
Nothing special- standard Las Vegas buffet food.
Service is good though.

Of all the feasts I've been to, this one is dead last on service and selection.
It is also the smallest buffet I've ever been to in Las Vegas.
They have a place in the middle where you can order either a fresh from the grill burger or made-to-order pasta.
It seems like it would be a good idea, however the set up lacks a place to actually put in an order, being that there is glass up and all around.
If you are of average height you either have to bend down or tip toe over the glass to be heard.
Even then the cooks let me stand over there for a good portion of time before they would even acknowledge I was waiting to place an order.
One even caught my eye and flat out ignored me.
The buffet is small, poorly stocked and a flat out waste of time and money.
Just go elsewhere.

Up there (or down there )with Circus Circus in terms of just bad.
I could come up with more adjectives,but bad just the right description.
I went to pay with a roll of quarters from the Palace Station and the cashier actually counted them one by one.
Bad service,bad food ,bad atmosphere.
Get it ?Just bad.
Strange though,the Sunset Station Palace Feast buffet is actually decent and edible.

The place is a dump!
Poor service....
It took over ten minutes to get coffee and another five for the Non-Dairy Creamer.... (they have no cream!
)   The food didn't make me ill, which was a plus, but it is nothing to write home about either.
I felt like I was doing myself a disfavor by even sitting there.
The line to get into the buffet was long for a less-than-average selection and the restaurant didn't even have Keno, so that I could waste away slowly and possibly not tell that I was in decay....   Two stars because I didn't have to get my stomach pumped afterward.

We got coupons in the mail for the buffet so we decided to try it.
It's up the escalators.
There was a very long line- could they have gotten the same promotion?
The selection was decent.
It could fool you, since both sides are the same stuff, just at different ends.
The food was not good.
The desserts was probably better than the food itself.
We ended up going twice to see if maybe we came on a 'off' day (but regretted it).
I agree with pgmj, that it's along with "Circus Circus terrible.
" The service was good.
The atmosphere isn't that good- kind of dreary and depressing- a little dark.
BTW, I probably like the Green Valley Ranch buffet out of all the stations casinos.

I was making some bets at the sports book (No, I didnt bet on the Washington Generals or Mr. T in Rocky 3, although with my track record it would make sense if I did) and my friend declared his hunger.
We assessed our options and then he mentioned the buffet.
I was like I'll feel to much shame riding up those escalators.
He was like lets do it, its cheap.
So I agreed.
The shame wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
When we got to the top, we were greeted by friendly staff and ushered right in.
It was lunch time and the price with the boarding pass was like $6.00.
This buffet is tiny so if you're used to the other Feast buffets at Station Casinos, you'll be immediately disappointed.
While the selections were limited, the food they did have was decent and hot and for 6 bucks thats all I can ask for...........well and a soft serve ice cream machine, which they also had.
Highlights were probably the mac & cheese (I love terrible buffet style mac & cheese), fried chicken (surprisingly tender) and roast beef from the carving station (I know, a carving station at a 6 dollar buffet, gotta love Vegas).
Overall, a solid option if your at the Palace Station retracing OJ's steps to see where he attempted to "get his sh*t back.
"  Nothing to drive out of your way for but if the wallets tight and you need a lot of chow, its hard to beat this place.
PS- The shame returned on the escalator ride down.
People seem to be staring at you like "really?
Did you just do that?
" .....just don't make eye contact and it'll be ok.

What can I say?
It's a buffet.
Disclaimer: I have never paid to eat here.
I don't even know how much it costs.
My Uncle has Presidential-level points.
For some reason, our family likes to come here every now and then and feast courtesy of his comps (though we hadn't been for a few years until last weekend).
I do appreciate the Pasta Station.
You tell the guy what to make and he cooks it.
It's a good option because you know the food hasn't been sitting there for a long time.
It's not unique by any stretch, but I pretty much always get a plate here on every visit.
As for the rest of the buffet, it's pretty standard.
Nothing amazing.
Well, I did enjoy the fried catfish.
Yum.

This buffet was renovated a few years ago and looks a lot nicer at the food stations with granite counter tops.
It includes a meat section, a small Asian food area, very small salad bar and a slightly larger dessert area.
They also have a made to order steak option that costs slightly more.
You can order hamburgers and pastas made to order as well.
The buffet is one of the smallest I have visited in Las Vegas and gets really busy during late lunch and dinner.
This buffet offers a deal to Taxi drivers, so add extra time to your expected dinner as there are always a large group coming through.
Be a member of the player's club to get a few dollars off.
The food is mostly hot but I'm not sure how often it gets swapped out for fresh food, so I only eat what looks popular to try to ensure some sort of freshness.
If you are on a budget and want to take a few friends out to a buffet, try this one at Palace Station.

wow.horribad buffet.got a 2 for 1 coupon, ate more than i should, and i still feel like i overpaid.the food itself was not completely hopeless, but the selection and size of the place was.the wait staff seems completely bored and walk by to check up on you so much that its annoying.i know you want a tip, but cool it a little.i wasn't expecting filet mignon here, but a wider variety of food would be nice.
it is a buffet after all.if they got rid of the ridiculously large desert station, they might have enough room to fit some more actual food.

Look it's not going to win awards for innovation but after the dreck at the Flamingo buffet this was nice.
Unpretentious, decent quality, more than fair price (esp compared to the gouging on the strip).
I found plenty of fresh fruit and veg (including a great cucumber, onion and fresh cilantro salad), fresh grilled burgers (I was there for  lunch) and quick service.
Decor has been updated recently and there were some spots that seemed a bit quiet - where you could actually relax and enjoy your  meal LOL For my money, it's a good value.

Their brisket melt in your mouth.
And butter pecan ice cream oh man.
I'd live off just those two.

Its Definitely a locals casino and buffet more so than other Station Properties.
The Feast buffet is upstairs and takes some navigating to find if you come in thru the parking garage.
Its not the biggest buffet by any means.
You can stand by the salad and do a 360 and see all it has to offer.
But its delicious.
For 6.99 for lunch with boarding pass card its decent.
Dont go in here expecting The Cosmo buffet.
Its a older casino and older buffet.
They revamped Boulders Feast buffet and at some point they may revamp Palace's buffet but again inside Palace they make it known they really cater to locals.
The food was fresh and the trays always stocked.
The Customer service from start to end was definitely great.
My soda was always full and she kept our table cleared.
Had a tasty margarita pizza.
The pork chops may of been sitting out for a while it was a little dry.
And the brown sugar for the sweet potatoes seemed to be sitting out a little to long because it was hard as a rock.
Besides those two little drawbacks if you want a reasonable buffet with great customer service and good food for less than a meal at Mickey D's or Burger King or any other fast food establishment i would come in here.
And i didnt visit the little burger bar but they looked tasty and people were devouring them for a reason.

Horrible.
Should be called the beast.
Yikes.

Wow where do I begin almost speechless on this one!!!
So I use to work concierge for Palace Station and had got to work early so I decided to breakfast at their buffet.
What a MISTAKE!
BIG TIME YUCKO!!!
So I went for breakfast at like 7am so food should be fresh and delicious I'm thinking it should be.
I tried their nasty watery runny eggs omg I almost threw up!
I also tried their extra crispy burned bacon I think it cut my throat going down!
So last and just as least as the other items I tried their oatmeal because I figured how can you mess up oatmeal well Palace Station was successful at messing that up to!
I think I would of had a better dining experience eating out of their dumpster!
Yes it was extremely cheap in price but come on I don't expect to go to a Station Casino and eat dog food!
Please I beg of you NEVER EAT HERE!
Note: Service is awful the server made me feel like I was inconveniencing her when I asked for a refill on coffee then rolled her eyes when I ordered a chocolate milk!
WOW Sorry to have disturbed you DOING YOUR JOB!!

The selection is International, and the quality makes you want to travel elsewhere!
The price point is fair for the all-you-can-eat, they have pie (a bonus!
), but the overall quality is equivalent to a cheap buffet.
With that said, that is what this is!
I've been a couple of times at lunchtime for convenience sake, and it's not busy...so it's easy in/out.
But my suggestion, especially if you are vacationing in Vegas and can choose anywhere to eat...choose somewhere else!

It's a small buffet, with typical buffet-type food and quality.
It's not the Bellagio buffet, and you're not going to find any exotic concoctions or pre-peeled shrimps here.
It's well worth the $7.99 price tag though.
Hell, you can't get McDonald's or Chipotle for that.
Drink refills were a little less than prompt, but I enjoyed the meal and wouldn't hesitate to go back again.
It's as good as several of the more expensive buffets on the strip in the same quality and size range.
There is a free shuttle that runs between Palace Station and the Fashion Show Mall on the strip about every 90 minutes.

This is actually not a bad buffet for a smaller type of Las Vegas style buffet.
For $10, you got yourself a pretty tasting buffet with prime rib, pasta station that makes great pasta, hamburger grill station that grilled and build your burger the way you want it, Plenty of fresh fruits and veggies, a few Chinese entrees, some Mexican, Drinks included,  and the rest of the salad bar.
Their dessert table is not bad!
Lots of varieties along with Ice cream :) On the holiday they brought out the prime rib and charged an addiditonal $2 per person.
Not bad at all!
Their prime rib tastes justs as good as Wynn's buffet's prime rib!
Honestly, how much can one eat at a buffet bar?
I'm stuffed with a piece of prime rib and a piece of chicken, Paying $30-$40 for a buffet really is not worth it for our family of smaller appetites.
So we'll stop by here to grab a $10 buffet and substitute with the other grand ones.
$10 and $7 with a players card, no waiting hours in line, food is pretty decent, and savings goes to the slots machines :-).
I've eaten at some of those cheapies buffets in Vegas, and this one tops everyone of them.

Cheap prices, but GREAT food!
Been here twice and I got nothing bad to say about the service or food.
I had my first breakfast buffet here and went for dinner also.
They had everything you can think of for breakfast!
NONE of the food was old, or sitting out for a long time.
Small place makes everything easy to get to and not crowded either.
I would love to go back.

CHEAP ASS FOOD AND Great varieties!!
Best time to go is 10:30 so you can get the breakfast deal for 7.99 and you can stay till lunch time starts at 11:00.
And now you get lunch deal as well,   Morning I got the special omelette where you can create your own omelette and if you buy that anywhere else it's already $8.00.
There's also free complimentary drinks and cheap margarita for only $1.99!
This is a really good deal and I would definitely come back here when I'm on Vegas with a buncha people who are on a budget (I know I wasn't hahahaha)

For anyone trying to compare this buffet to one that is double or triple the price, don't.
Just get out your fat wallet and move over the strip.
For others of us who want decent value with good, everyday food, this is the place.
I'm not overly picky and I like non complicated food that I can identify with, I guess you'd call it comfort food.
I've been to all those expensive buffets and I still say for the value Palace Station wins.

the price is cheap for vegas/general $10 for dinner.
you'll be full.
but this won't be the best food.
some of it was great most were meh.
i give it only 2 instead of 3 starts because the selection was kind of small

Well the selections for our breakfast were great, our server was fast and friendly.
And where else are you going to get a breakfast for $4.99.
However, my husband and I both got salad's as well and half way through his salad, little bugs were coming out of his salad.
I freaked out and asked one of the servers to take the plate, she said she would tell the manager, It took about 10 minutes for a manager to get to our table, and she says sorry can i make you another salad.
Are you kidding me.
Who wants to eat here when bugs are in your food.
So disgusting.
Due, to this we will not be back.
The reason they get one star is because of how long it took to respond to the situation, and the fact there were bugs in the food.
YUCK

$7.99 with a players card.
Hamburgers made to order are okay.
Roast beef carving station not enough to justify regular price of 10.99.
Main St.
Better value.

If you're looking to be wow'ed by a Las Vegas buffet, look elsewhere, toots.
The Feast Buffet located in the Palace Station Hotel & Casino is very affordable for those looking not to spend a lot of money for an AYCE.
Here's my 2 cents on my mealtimes, in chronological order-  Lunch - A step-down from your local Hometown Buffet.
There is a grill where diners can ask for slices of roast beef/turkey, burgers, hot dogs & brats.
Located next to it, is a pasta station where pasta is made to order with whatever choice ingredients the diner desires.
The rest of the hot/cold foods were decent, but nothing extraordinary.
The dessert section was nice w/ various cakes, cookies, sweets and the obligatory nonfat froyo machines.
Overall, meh.
Dinner - See lunch, but w/ a few extra items scattered hither & thither.
Not worth the extra cost, IMHO.
Breakfast -  Now we're talking!
Several egg dishes, mounds of bacon, biscuits & gravy, country fried steak etc.
There is also an omelette station where diners can have an omelette their way.
The dessert section had most of the same items from lunch/dinner, plus various doughnuts and other items.
The Feast Buffet is an affordable, no-frills buffet.
I recommend breakfast over lunch & dinner for those interested in checking this buffet out.
I had free buffet vouchers, but if I had to pay, I would stick to breakfast.
Excelsior!

All the buffets at the various Station buffets are not equal.
The food offerings at the Feast Buffet at the Palace Station are no where near as extensive or as well prepared as the buffet at Boulder Station or Sunset Station even though the prices are all the same.
So if you are thinking of eating here, instead consider the buffet at one of Station's other properties.

Very basic, for $4.95 with the card, you can't ask for much quality but you can get a good omelet.

11 of us came from OHIO to visit and to see vegas first time.
Staying at ARIA HOTEL and we leaving in 2 weeks to go back to OHIO.
Well first of all we payed $6.99 for breakfast without a boarding pass.
I have to say the bacon was raw and the sausage was not cooked and still frozen.
pancakes, waffels, French toast was still not cooked all the way.
So we went and ask for a manger and all the manger said was he's to busy so we asked for our money back and they said no so we said we are going to call the cops and one of the employes SARAH said Ill call security and have them kick u out of the hotel for treating.
So SARAH called security and security kicked us out and we called LVMPD and told them everything and they said we will send cops out now and to call the health district and so I called and they send someone out at 3pm today and so the cops and us went inside the casino back up to the buffet and the police officers asked to closed the buffet now and have everyone out and the same employee SARAH said no I'm not going to and the manger BOB said the same thing and so the police officers said it in a angry mean yelling way and still the same answer so the police officers and us went inside the buffet and while SARAH and BOB was trying to push us back and one of the POLICE OFFICERS went and yelled "attention everyone we need to ask everyone to leave the buffet now due to raw and frozen food you are eating" so everyone left and everyone waited outside the buffet entrance for there money back and so SARAH and BOB got arrested and I got double the money back and the buffet is running under a "C" grade.
I'm never going back to any STATION CASINO BUFFETS

There was a bug on the table the hostess tried to seat us at, that kinda ruined my will to eat there, and the food I DID try was mediocre.
Never going back again.

Make sure to become a member to receive a discount at the buffet.Get here early for breakfast!!
The omelets are the best!
We also enjoy there flame grilled  cheese burgers, pizza, and fajitas.
You also cant forget to order a 99 cent margarita!
Enjoy 1...or ..2...or maybe 3.. lol (they are delish..when u mix up the flavors!
) Evey time we visit Las Vegas we] go to the Feast Buffet.
Why not its the BEST CURE for a hangover!!
..don't forget to tip the hard working staff..who provide service with a smile :)

The reason this buffet is so cheap is because it is understaffed, nearly unstaffed.
I wouldn't be surprised to get food poisoning here.
It is a ridiculous maze through the casino to reach the buffet, whereupon you're anti-greeted, especially if you don't have a players card.
My drink server accused me of sneaking in, then served me drinks that had interesting bubble patterns...

Good and cheap!!!!!!!
It was pretty basic but everything was good.
The pastry chef must be well versed in the culinary arts because that was the best part.
This place is on par with Hometown buffet so its not top notch...but you can't beat the price.

It's not fine dining, but it's great for the price.
Get there early for breakfast at the lowest price around (with player's card) and get an omelette made to order.
Yum!
It's a buffet, not fine dining, but it sure tasted good for casino buffet food!

Poor selection of food, decore old,  way to bright.

Mother's Day 5/12/2013 We decided to dine at the palace station after we got out of church, it would be our 1st time eating here!!
We'll the 8 of us, in which one was pregnant & a 16 month old baby goes in have dinner, that night my daughter gets sick, then i wake up to find my son & husband also sick, All food poisoned  they had in common the Tacos i started to have one but i changed my mind, glad of that!!
Needless to say we will never eat here again!!
It was our 1st & last time eating here!!
I am pretty sure more people got sick i just hope they had sense enough to call and let the casino know about it as i did, They don't even deserve 1 star to tell you the truth!
I just want to warn people please, please be careful when eating here!!
food poison is no joke and can be serious!!
What a way to mess up my mother's day by making my family ill...STAY AWAY FROM THE BUFFET..or eat at your own risk...GOD please bless the food they serve here and protect those who decide to eat here!!
Amen

My bill was $5.39!!!!!
Five dollas yo!!
What what!!!
That being said food was typical buffet.
There is an omlette station.
I had two eggs over medium (not that u might care.
)  There are also ample desserts.
The cheap meal almost made me forget that they charge a $15 resort fee at the palace station and my room doesn't have a tub.
If it wasn't for my quest to try other places I would make sure that I ate my resort fee in bacon!
Mmmm bacon.
Pigs are magical!
I have ADD.
Oh look,......stickers!

This was a good buffet considering the price is very reasonable.
Six of us went, three adults and three kids.
Our service was excellent.
Our waiter took very good care of us, making sure we always had drink refills and taking our empty plates in a timely manner.
The food was decent, some of it was a bit dry or bland but we liked 80% of what we ate.
The dining areas and food serving areas were clean.
Of course you can't compare this place to the bigger, fancier Vegas buffets, but we would definitely go back if we were looking for an inexpensive buffet option.

They really are trying....
It's a buffet that's not like the Terribles resort and not the Studio B!
Not to say that Terribles buffet is bad as it has some great examples of common food (killer brisket) in a much smaller space, and even Studio B has some misses, but the Feast buffet has been trying to improve its menu and raise the bar for the price.
Way way better than the Hometown Buffatorium!!!!
Prices are now smarter and easy on the budget, and while no changes have been made to the physical area, the foods are different.
For breakfast you still have a long line at the omelette station and there's a lot more choices to make throughout.
One interesting choice is a breakfast pizza with egg, cheese and basil!
Kids love this one!
My favorite was the chicken fried steak with country gravy... every time they had it, I would serve it on my plate .... Mmmmmm.
Eggs Benedict with the hailendaise sauce separate is a good thing cause you can soak your hashies & piggies if you want instead.
Bacon is king here and there is plenty but I like it limp so too Krispy for my taste.
Lunch and brunch fits better with much more different foods & the carving station has many more choices of meats, and throughout there are more different choices Of deliciousness, with a few hits and misses.
Tater tots was one of the biggest hits, as as soon as it was served hot it would vanish and they would have to bring out more where it would vanish again.
Same thing for any of the hot pizzas, especially if there were little ones in the dining room, as they would take multiple slices to the table.
The omelette station becomes a pasta station for lunch & dinner.
the carving station in addition to its offerings can grill you your burger, dogs, sausage, roast chicken half, or even add cheese & grill your onion rounds on request!!!
One serious miss from lunch to dinner was this one I will call Dead Greek pasta salad, as this salad has a pasta that had died years ago...
The pasta was simply dried out and dead of flavor whatsoever... None of the feta, tomato or spices could penetrate that pasta.
They kept serving it daily to get rid of it or are displaying it daily like a viewing of a corpse!
Sunday brunch was also Mimosa day and many times the mimosas kept flowing, but remember many of the servers wouldn't offer it... You would have to ask for it and when you did they would bring it and bring it and bring it is long as you kept asking for it.
Many nights dinner was a theme night, which made dinner different from lunch, yet there were some dinner foods that were the same as lunch.
There  would always be classics, like fried chicken, mashed potatoes, burgers, hot dogs, pizza, salads things like that regardless of theme and the one item I rate most buffets on... And it hold true every time; THEIR STUFFING!
At one time it used to be a wet, kinda gooey mess, but now it's a nice, homemade style stuffing chopped bread stuffing that is very nice.
WARNING.... Like most buffets, turkey served in buffets is white meat heaven.
Dark meat consists of usually only the leg.
Asking for dark meat sometimes means they give you the whole leg!
Be prepared for that fact... And be hungry  Desserts were typical pre made but many were different from the ones they had from previous stays even 3 months prior!
Many more lighter fare, doughnut holes, jellos & a way bigger sugar free dessert area.
They also added sugar free sherbets along with the frozen yogurt offerings.
I had the raspberry (very sweet) & fresh peach (very good!!!!).
Fresh fruit was available too.
Service is great for the most part, even exceptional but every once in a while you get a crabby patty... You will get service, but not the great service Palace Station is known for (they really do treat you like a local friend!).
Come early cause it can & does get crowded & join their rewards club for a discount & comp'ed meals with play.
Handicapped guests have their own line with their party.
My review is for a 4 day stay, 4 different meal services (breakfast, lunch, Sunday brunch & dinner) & 1 dead salad.
FYI: They only offer Tabasco for hot sauce Review score was more a 3.9 but they are really trying....
Please give that salad a decent burial in the desert somewhere....
Please!!

The line wasn't too long so that's always a good thing.
It's a small buffet area.
I found the variety of food pretty good.
The desserts section could be a little better (more variety) but it was okay.
Our waiter was awesome...very friendly and on top of it.
I'd go back to this spot and its very reasonable for dinner...no more than $8.00.

not bad!
i wasn't wowed by this buffet, but wasn't disappointed either.
their salad bar was awesome.
i loved their fried chicken, mash potatoes and green beans.
my son had the same thing along with battered (popcorn) shrimp, since i made his plate.
he ate so much!
i don't wish i wasn't pregnant, but i wish i had an appetite and no aversions to certain food.
i would've had 3 plates+ and definitely would've had them make me a burger and some pasta.
i love that they had lots of fruits.
i went for ice cream, but totally avoided the rest of the desserts.
i would return!
lots of locals go to palace station which is nice and it's not so crowded.

This was not the best buffet I have ever been to, but it wasn't completely horrible either.
It is on the smaller side for a buffet offering up your standard buffet fare.
I would compare it more to your local Hometown Buffet than an extravagant Vegas-style buffet.
I will say, however, that their meat was on point!
I had the turkey and it was so moist and delicious.
Others in our party raved about their roast beef as well.
Also, the mac and cheese was super yummy (yes, I have the pallet of a 6 year old...).
The service was really good as well.
We had a party of 17 people and our waitress didn't write down our drink orders but brought them all out exactly as we had ordered them!
We were all really impressed.
My only complaint about the service would be that they didn't clear plates quickly enough.
We always had one or two plates in the middle of the table and people just started stacking their new plates on top of their old ones.
The best part about the buffet?
The price!
It's typically only $15  (you get what you pay for, right?
) BUT, if you sign up for their member points card (which you can do for free) it knocks the price down to $8 a person.

Came here for dinner.... Not THE Best, but with the rewards card, it's a $8 dinner.
Lets face it -- for $8 you can get a horrible meal elsewhere that will leave you half satisfied.
But here, you can at least pick and choose your fill.
Additionally, if you're on a budget and don't feel like forking over $30-40 for a dinner buffet on the strip...
Here you go.
Salad bar is great!
Full.
Pasta.... Has been sitting under the heat lamp for too long.
Hard.
Brittle.
It's a problem for me as I have braces.
I thought the wires were gonna be pulled out of my mouth!
Chow mein is limp.
Collared greens are so salty!!
Are they supposed to be this way?!
Dessert bar: OMG THE BANANA CREAM PIE IS GOOD!
:) haha.

Went for breakfast.
They have a nice variety of food, it's all cooked well.
For the price of 7.99  a person and the fact they serve breakfast until 11am.. it's a pretty great deal.

Excellent value.
They have everything for breakfast... Meats, eggs, country fried steak, donut bar, the list goes on.

Really...I only came to this buffet because:  1) It's close to my work 2) I had a comp for a free buffet that was due to expire by the weekend  I'm really not too picky about buffets in general because:  1) I'm a cheap eater...lots makes me happy 2) I eat at Chinese buffets!
An iron stomach comes in handy  But the Feast Buffet in Palace Station?
Meh.
MEH!
I really have had better.
The only saving grace for this place is the near extreme cheap prices for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
If you go for dinner it's less than $9 before tax!
If your budget is in a recession and you want choices (or you're a UNLV undergrad on a date and want to impress with quantity) than come visit here.
If you're looking for quality...ah, you might want to saunter somewhere else.
I had eaten at the Feast Buffet several years back and I just don't remember it.
It wasn't good, but I don't remember it being bad.
It's just very lackluster.
I'm sure when O.J.
Simpson stayed here pre-arrest he probably ate here.
If I came that day, I probably would have given this place another star.
Yeah, some food, and possibly a signed football from one of the greats?
Sure.
Of course this all depends if I had a football on me that day.
This Feast Buffet is typical as those of all the other Station Casinos in town, with one major caveat - SIZE.
Yes, unfortunately in this case size does matter.
This buffet is like only 1/3 the size of the rest of them!
I've seen more choices (and fresher choices) at the local Golden Corral!
It's just sad.
So sad.
It's like Palace Station is the bastard child of Station Casinos.
Nothing about this place screams gourmet.
No sushi (even faux sushi), no real Asian section either.
Pot stickers (badly cooked ones), and fried egg rolls DO NOT make up an Asian section.
The Feast Buffet at Palace Station is heavy on American and Mexican fare.
Though to their credit they do include an Italian build-your-own pasta section, where the cook will make you any basic pasta dish you like with you choice of veggies, meats, and sauces (LOL...red, or white..seriously).
That is not bad as long as the chef cooks your pasta right.
Luckily my Fettuccine Alfredo with shrimp was hard to mess up.
Only complaint was that the sauce was too heavy with not enough cheese.
The rest of this buffet was really kinda just under average.
The carving section with meats was OK, the only standout to me was the carnitas which were tender.
You can also have a cheeseburger done on the grill, just demand that you get a fresh patty thrown on and not one that sits on the side in a container of grease.
Yuck.
The salad bar was way under par, not only was it messy at the time, but a lot of the veggies didn't look freshly prepared.
Lots of canned stuff.
Color me not impressed.
Don't even get me started on the dessert section.
What a shame!
It's like a tiny island in the middle of nowhere.
And the desserts STINK.
Basic cakes and pies, that really don't look all that appetizing.
What...no gelato?
Only soft serve available and it was no bueno.
The Feast Buffet here (as well as possibly the majority of Palace Station) needs some serious renovating.
I would gladly pay a dollar more for the buffet if it was vastly improved.
It needs some serious help.
Until then I probably won't be back.
Unless I get another comp that needs to be used on a Monday - Thursday.

The 4 stars are for value.
This is old Vegas when there were real food bargains.
Definitely wind through the casino and get the Player card for the discounts.
Fancy, no.
Large selection with Chef station, yes.
Best that you have a car or you'll give your savings to the taxi drivers...
Many of whom are eating there too!
Does that tell you anything?

As far as cheap buffets go, this one has the best dinner buffet for a small selection.
They will be more than happy to help you in any way they can.
I have quite I few food allergies and I have to be careful of what I consume...
I love orange chicken and I noticed they had sesame seeds on it.
When I asked the staff if they have some without sesame because of my food allergy.
They lady I spoke with was more than happy to make an entire NEW tray.
I thanked her 10 times at least.
Then another cook spoke broken enlgish talked to me, he said, "you no see what you want, you ask us we make it for you.
You happy it make us happy.
"   He was very kind and so was the rest of the staff.
I've even met the head chef one day and he was very apologetic & respectful when I told them there was a problem at the buffet.

Despite the very sketchy clientele and Denny's vibe the food was decent especially for the low price ($7.99).
Highlights - great salad bar, turkey/ham/prime rib carving station, and some authentic-for-a-buffet mexican items (sopes, onion/cilantro, charro beans, tomatillo/verde sauce dish) that were very good.
I would never recommend this buffet but if you are at the casino it's worth a try since it's nice on the wallet/purse - just watch your wallet/purse while you're there because the clientele looks 'prison'.

Not the best buffet in town, but with the price seems justifiable.
Breakfast crew is much better than dinner.
Evening servers are rude.
Can't complain too much about the food too much though.

Food was terrific.
For $5 you can't eat anywhere like the breakfast here.
Had the scrambled eggs.
They were from a carton so they always seem to have that strange texture.
Could also use some seasoning.
I could have asked the omelet bar to make me a couple of eggs, but I didn't.
The bacon was just ok.
Stuck together (baked) so I ended up with more than I really wanted.
Sausages were good.
Biscuits and gravy were average.
Shredded hash browns were average too.
Had a jelly donut for desert.
Same quality as a convenience store donut.
Ok for a cheap breakfast.

I guess for $8, the selection is worth it.
The pasta station was the best part.
The cook made me a great shrimp fettuccine Alfredo.
I still would go here when I am looking for a quick buffet to go to.
They had great prices on drinks too!

This place is not bad for the price of a buffet.
Ended up eating here three times too because of how cheap it is.
The food is not bad as well.
I love the meat station and how you can also make your own pasta.
Their desert was the best.
Cheesecake is by far the best out of all the buffets I've been to.
Their ice cream machine is really good as well and tasty.
Will come here again.
Basically you can get their advertised price For the buffet if you have the hotels rewards.
Otherwise they will charge you $4-8 extra on top of their advertised price.
It's all good though the rewards card is free so make sure to get it before going here.

Do not eat here!
We should've known when we asked the cashier if the food was good and she replied "Well.....it's the best priced buffet in Vegas.
" Everything was horrible !

