I was able to book a spa package (30 min facial, 50 min massage, manicure and pedicure) for 2 people  and a massage for my husband at the last minute.
All three of us enjoyed our massage with Kevin, LMP.
If I lived in the area, I would go and see Kevin all the time.

Words can not express how terrible this was for me.
I live close to this "salon", and thought I would check it out.
I used to work in a casino, so I had odd days off.
I think I went in on a Tuesday or Wednesday .... Around ten or eleven...  First off the place was a ghost town.
I think there was one other customer there, getting her nails done.....
I asked the receptionist  for an eyebrow wax, and a pedicure.
She rudely told me how "lucky" I was that there where staff to help me today.
The front lobby has chairs, but is over whelmed by the amount of junk that they are trying to sell....fold out tables full of jewelry, purses, hair products and what not.
I felt like I was in a flea market... To me, salons should sell two or three things..... Nail polish, shampoo, and possibly skin care....
So it doesn't come off so.... garage sale like.
The wax lady did my eyebrows UN believably thin.
Scary thin.
I've seen newborn babies with more eyebrows then what she thought "fit my face.".
During my wax, all she could do was talk about the depressed lady in her apartments that she thought was going to commit suicide......
Awkward.
Next came my pedicure....
When asked if I wanted my nails clipped, I said only a little, because my nails do not grow, and I usually just get them filed.
She hacked off my nail on my big toe.
There was so much skin to nail ratio...
It looked like my big toe had a muffin top.
On the little nails that she did file..... She filed the skin to the point where it burned.
She also had long blonde hair, that she did not tie back during my treatment... And she was shedding on ME.
When she was rubbing the lotion into my legs, I could feel her hair rubbing into my skin.
She took her grotesque nails and peeled it off of my legs.
Which he thought was quite amusing, because she giggled when she did it.
Can you say unprofessional?
Disgusting.
And never, ever again.

I will not go into details because I am not that kind of person but a few months back I had the worst experience ever at this salon - I will never go back and will never recommend them to anyone - it could just be the very unprofessional inexperienced stylist I had but I wouldn't chance it girls!

