As the other review states, yes, this is "one of those strip mall Chinese restaurants".
What else to you expect when you go to a strip mall for Chinese food?
My husband and I have been eating at this restaurant for the past 6 months.
We love the food.
The style has never changed, nor have the prices.
The service has always been friendly.
I've never had any food under or overcooked.
This is a "hidden gem" in this area.
I recommend this restaurant to anyone that wants a quality American-Chinese style meal.

Great chinese food.
I went here for my lunch break yesterday and was impressed with their lunch special.
Food: I had the General Tso's chicken special.
It comes with char sui fried rice, vegetable chow mein, either crab rangoon or an eggroll, hot and sour or egg drop soup, and the entree.
The entree as well as the dish were freshly prepared.
It wasn't oily or overly salty.
They even garnished my dish with broccoli.
Service: The food was prepared within 10 minutes of ordering, and the staff was really friendly.
Price: Great value for under $7.
I was surprised it came with so much.
I ate half of it and had to eat the other half later since there was so much.
Misc: Its in a Smith's shopping plaza, but its kinda quiet inside.
Delivery can take long since there is only one driver, but it'll be worth the short wait.

Pretty good.
Nothing exciting.
Panda express-y tasting.
Crab rangoons had NO crab, just cream cheese.
$13 for one person for lunch.

I was craving Hot & Sour Soup so I stopped by to pick up an order to go.
I got home and opened it and right away I could smell that it had too much soy sauce in it.
The color was also darker than it should be because of the soy sauce.
The gentleman working at the counter was nice.
There was also a fortune cookie and some fried wonton skins.
Walking into the place I knew I was most likely going to be disappointed...but I had a craving, so I had to give it a shot.

While it's not the best it is good Chinese food and at a good value.
Order ahead, and be sure to try the crab rangoon.

Golden Phoenix Chinese Cuisine  I have recently moved to this area and as a result my wife and I are scoping out the local eateries looking for our new mainstays.
Golden Phoenix is very conveniently located for us, but that is about all it is.
Like many quickly opened Asian Cuisine places, this restaurant has absolutely no atmosphere.
Aside from a few flat screens and some kitsch Asian lamps there is nothing to distinguish this hole in the wall.
Service is cold and the server kept repeating "relax, take your time" which would be fine if not for the fact that I felt she wanted us as window dressing telling the public, "look, we got some suckers in here, please be a sucker and come in here too.
"  "We use Vegetable Oil" is the quip on their menus.
I like the fact that lard and MSG are left out of their food prep, you would think that their cuisine would have a lighter touch, but this is far from true.
I ordered the Beef and Broccoli and my wife ordered the Cashew Chicken.
The B&B was so heavy that I simply could not eat it.
The beef was tender and the broccoli was crisp but it was drowned in a soy sauce so oily and heavy I simply could not eat it.
My wife's Cashew Chicken was prepared similarly without a single Cashew in sight, just a thick stomach churning soy sauce.
The sides were not any better.
The noodles were also heavy but better than the main course and likely reheated (which may have been what saved it.
) The Fried Rice was also over seasoned and also tasted and felt reheated and again, this actually made it edible since the oil was not as prevalent.
I did not even finish my egg roll, nuff said.
The only thing that was good was the Egg Drop Soup.
The soup had a nice light taste and velvety mouth feel and was a delight.
It was too bad the rest of the food lacked the same finesse.
Sad to say I will likely not be returning to Golden Phoenix; for me there are only ashes there.

I work across the street from this restaurant and decided to give it another try after a not-so-hotso experience a year ago.
Needless to say, my expectations were already low.
So here is my two-cent opinion:  for $5.00....get over yourself.
Yes, the older gentleman at the register wasn't the friendly host I've ever encountered.
Yes, my server was quirky and forgetful.
And yes, I've had better Chinese food down on Spring Mountain.
But......I had 30 minutes to grab a sit-down meal and got it in 20.
I decided to smile at the guy behind the register and in return I was rewarded with a big goofy grin that made me giggle.
And my eccentric server went the extra mile to box up my food for me along with an extra side of soup because she knew I liked it.
All that for $6.00.
I gave them $10.
Have a nice day and I will be back.

We had dinner take out from this restaurant.
The person who took our orders was very friendly.
It took 15 min for the order to be ready, which is reasonable.
The food was pretty good.
I had curry chicken with rice and my husband had the three meet dish, with beef, chicken, and shrimp.
It was pretty good, too.
I give this restaurant 3 stars, because I don't have anything to complain about and the food was good.
Also, I haven't eaten inside the restaurant yet and will definitely write another review if I do.
Dec. 6th  Time to update this review and to write about my second experience with Golden Phoenix:   Last night, my husband and I were craving Chinese food again but didn't feel like driving too far.
Since we had a good first experience with this restaurant, we thought we would give it another shot.
I have to say, this was a quite entertaining experience.
I honestly would give this restaurant 4 stars for the food.
The quality of the food is very good and everything tastes super fresh BUT the service deserves a minus 6 starts.
First of all our server knew little English.
When we ordered our food, he would just stand there and stare at us.
We repeated our order 3 times and still he brought us somebody else's food.
He did not check on us once to ask if we needed anything else.
My husband had to stand up a couple of times to go ask for hot sauce or to go ask for the check etc.
At the end we left this place with 6 to go boxes, because they kept messing up the orders and we also got some extra fried rice with shrimp that we hadn't ordered.
Luckily I wasn't upset about it at all, because we ended up leaving the place with a lot of food and got also military discount on our original order.
Abstract:  Food fantastic, service catastrophic!

More of a 3.5, but i'll give it a 4 cuz I love chinese food.
Ate here a few times, but we always take-out since we prefer eating at home.
Their almond chicken isn't that great, but the sesame chicken was delicious.
My hubs orders beef fried rice quite a few times and he likes it.
He says it reminds him of the chinese place he used to order take out alot from when he was in Germany, which is a good thing.
It only takes 10-15 mins for the food to be ready, so its always convenient.
I usually call ahead to make an order and leave right afterwards, by the time i get there, its all ready :)

Good lunch special.
Food was done fast, quality was worth the lunch special prices.

Food was fresh enough, but couldn't find a trace of actual flavor anywhere...
Highlight of the meal was the Coke, with the egg drop soup coming in 2nd place... And that was only after I doctored it up a bit.
Hubby had hot & sour soup, a double lie.
Potstickers were huge & cooked perfect, but no flavor to them nor in the dipping sauce (tasted like watered down soy only).
Hubby's General Tso's Chicken was very bland, and the chicken was very dry.
My Chicken Chow Mein (soft noodles) was also very bland, but at least the chicken was moist.
I boxed mine to take home for doctoring up, but his food was left behind to be tossed out.
All in all, a very disappointing experience.

I LOVE this place!
It's waitstaff is super sweet and attentive!
Their dinner combos are more than enough!!
I always get the sesame chicken and it is always delish!

I had gone to eat here sunday for Lunch with the hubby and had gotten the lunch portion which was way cheap for the food you get!
Soup, fried rice, chow mein, egg roll, and the entree!!
I think our bill was $12 including tip!
:) It was definitley worth going for lunch!
We have always ordered dinner from them to go but wow the lunch specials are amazing!

today was the first time I tried this place with my friend.
It was great!
food was yummy and lunch specials are awesome!
I got the chicken with broccoli with iced tea.
It included fried pork rice, noodles, and and egg roll.
They also give you an appetizer and your choice of soup!
My bill came out to around $8!
pretty sweet!

This is one of our favorite Chinese places in Vegas.
The food is consistently good and the service is great, dine-in or take out.
The price is reasonable and the portions are quite generous.

I've eaten here several times usually take out.
Always had very good service and great food.
Prices are very reasonable.

Good food, but not any better than you might get at a fast food chinese restaurant.
I had the sesame chicken.
It was pretty tasty, and I was pleasantly surprised when it came with steamed broccoli on the side.
The staff was pleasant and the service was quick.
The portions were generous and reasonably priced.
However, there was absolutely no crab or crab flavor in the crab rangoons.
Nothing special but I would probably go back because it's closer to my place than panda.

I love the Singapore Noodles!
Made just right and with a little scrambled egg the way it is suppose to be done!
The salt and pepper wings aren't bad either.

I had the dinner combination from this place... Not the best i have had, but it was satisfying...
I have tried the mongolian beef, the pad thai, the sweet and sour pork, general tso chicken and the sesame chicken wings...
I will eat here again...

Food is excellent and so are the prices.
It's almost always quiet and the staff is great.
I wish we lived closer to it.

This was an OK place to go.
The restaurant was clean, atmosphere was...unremarkable.
I wouldn't say my food was spectacular, but it was plenty good enough to visit again if you just have a craving for standard, basic Americanized Chinese food.
My waiter seemed very bored because it was quite slow, but I received my food in timely fashion and the prices were more than fair.

We ordered some vegetable fried rice to go.
Lets just say it wasn't tasty at all.
Highly disappointed.
Based solely on the rice, we won't be eating at this restaurant again any time soon.

Good food, love this food,I went to there everyday,chef is nice guy too

Always delicious food with friendly staff.
Best Chinese food.

Stayed on my mom's side of town and had a hankereing for chinese food.
Overall, my experience was average.
Favorites included war won ton soup and shrimp fried rice.
Items to miss were the too oily chicken chow mein, and the vegetable curry, which was absolutely awful.

This place was trash!!!!
The sweet and sour pork was awful!!
I had to spit it out on a napkin!
I thought maybe it was just a bad piece and decided to just try another, same outcome.
The house fried rice was just so/so.
Service was terrible, the Chinese lady w the short hair runs around like a chicken w their head cut off.
They had the audacity to charge me for my sprite and when I asked for my money back for the sweet and sour pork she took the difference out of there.
I won't be coming back here at all.
I had to get up twice to get something myself instead of waiting.
Very dissatisfied.
I recommend Panda Express instead at least they're consistent!

Good food,love Chinese food

I would always eat at this restaurant very great food but I have recently discovered they have a roach problem.
It seems like the problem has been addressed before but the owners seems to like the way his business is running so I have decided to place my findings here to warn other people eating..  Don't really care if you take my advice or not just be careful here

We ordered this food for our work.
All of the food tasted sickly.
As in as you eat it you feel yourself getting sick.
Nobody could finish the food and we all threw it away.
Two of my coworkers are already in the bathroom.
Very gross food.

If you're looking for cheap food that comes in generous portions, Golden Phoenix may be what you're looking for, especially if you're in North Las Vegas near Losee and 215.
They offer lunch specials from 11:00am - 4:00pm ranging from $4.50 to $6.75.
The lunch menu is extensive, with meals sorted by beef, chicken, seafood, veggie, etc.
Lunch meals come with fried wonton strips, and egg roll and either egg drop or hot & sour soup.
Unfortunately, it seems like all the food here gets its flavors by being heavily drenched in sauce.
The beef and chicken seem to have no flavor at all when eaten on its own.
The trend here is quantity over quality, so if that is what you're in need of, you won't be disappointed here.
Otherwise, it may be worth your while to skip Au PHX and seek out a nearby PX (http://www.yelp.com/biz/panda-express-las-vegas-18#hrid:x-Dbm3OICWzgfCRaX4kmyA).

A group of 19 of us went here Sunday evening for a birthday dinner.
11 of us got food poisoning.
Not a very good birthday present.
Needless to say, we called the health department.
They are going to be paying them a visit.

Never again!
Noodles were good, but that about it.
The rest of it was barely okay.
And it took way too long to get change since we paid cash.
Don't waste your time.

Went for lunch the first meal came out after 10 minutes the next meal came out 15 minutes later.
The chicken was lukewarm and after eating some it just didn't taste right.
Nasty burps for a couple hours followed by bubble gut trips to the rest room.
Will never eat there again.
My co worker went home early with stomach cramps.
Will never walk in the door again.

THE BEST EGGROLLS.
Not much else was particularly fancy or different for me, the lo mein is kind of stringy/wet but I guess i prefer the drier panda express style.
But the eggrolls are great!
Dare I say the best I've ever had.
They have a wide delivery radius for only a $2 delivery fee on a min.
$15 order, which I don't know how they maintain that... seems impossible to maintain, too low, but we reap the benefits I guess !

The food here is always so tasty!
It's the best Chinese I've had in Las Vegas.
Sometimes a little slow due to shortage of personnel but the food is worth the wait.
Honey walnut shrimp!!

