This is our regular movie theater hangout.
It's a chain cinema, but with a few perks:  The theater is new and fairly big, and attached to Desert Ridge.
This is probably one of the cleanest theaters in town, with very friendly staff.
I've actually gotten free nachos here, just by asking!
(Twice!
)  (See http://www.danesparza.us/2006/06/26/nacho-surreality/ )  I really like the automated ticket systems, located just outside and just inside this theater.
When there is a long line waiting to purchase tickets outside, just go inside -- most people don't seem to remember there is a set of automated ticket purchasers inside, as well.
The only reason why I don't give this theater 5 stars is because of the ticket and concession prices.
I expect a theater to give good value.
You will get good service for your money, just expect to pay for it.
Depending on what you like to get, 2 tickets and some concessions can run close to $30.
And if you don't like a movie, feel free to ask for your money back.
When I have had the rare occasion to ask for a refund, the staff have always been courteous and prompt in giving one.
Tips for this theater:  Because it's attached to Desert Ridge, dinner and a movie can be separated by only a short walk.
If it's winter and you've got time to kill before a movie, get a hot cup of deliciousness at the nearby Starbucks, and plant yourself by the fireplace in front of the AMC.

This is where I prefer to most mainstream movies in Scottsdale.
Camelview is my favorite as weird as that may seem.
I like the AMC at Desert Ridge for the following reasons: * Good place to grab a bite before or after the film * Nice outdoor sitting areas all around ( unlike 101) * New very updated theater * Icees at the snack bar :)  *Lots of great shopping all around * Friendly staff *Very clean  I guess I mostly like the AMC because the atmosphere of Desert Ridge is better than Scottsdale 101, but hey it's a lot better hang out spot when you are with a group of friends.
Plus they made a AWESOME rule that sixteen year olds can't be there after six without a chaperon, so it's no longer packed with fourteen year olds.
YES!
Although I got carded once, I'm 20, which sucked!
Like all movie theaters in the area it gets crowded so make sure you plan for that!

Stadium seating, good.
Chairs that don't recline, bad.
Having to walk around the building three times to find the entrance, very bad.
There is nothing special about this movie theater.
The individual theaters are small and there aren't that many of them.
I guess I'm spoiled by megaplexes, this is not one.

Well normally we go to the Harkins near our house but we got a gift card for AMC so we stopped on over.
I still like my Harkins better.
First off, it's in a funky location.
My husband is sort of visually and directionally challenged so with out the entrance out front saying "COME IN" we drove around for like 10 minutes until he figured it out.
The second gripe is that when we went to get tickets there was one person manning the counter to get tickets.
Of course, because they feature $5 tickets before noon on weekends, there are a ton of people there.
Whatev.
Desert Ridge is like chain city so it's fitting to have an AMC.

Ok here is the thing, the seats here are soo uncomfortable!.
they curve like he letter C and your neck is curved down??!?
Why would they make a seat like that.
I will say the sound is supierior to Harkins but the ticket is also like a buck or two more.
Since I am a cheap bastard I look up ways to save.
I signed up for their card and now I get free popcorn on wednesdays and a free ticket like every 4 tickets I buy.
Here is the link it makes it a little more worth it than Harkins.
http://www.moviewatcher.com/index.html

Other reviewers have mentioned the sub-par seats.
I concur.
Serviceable at best, but not going out of their way to make me comfortable much less enhance my experience.
What really makes this place the target of my ire is the so-called "IMAX Experience" theater.
I drove a long long way and paid through the nose to see Star Trek.
Turns out I would've gotten a comparable experience for less money and without the drive had I been warned that this is NOT an IMAX theater.
Don't tell me the sound is better or the film is better.
I'm not having it.
The differences are marginal and not worth the extra expense.
I wanted big, soaring, engrossing, enveloping.
What I got was ripped off.
I realize that much of the blame here goes to IMAX themselves who have decided to market this "product" in an effort to capitalize on their brand identity, but the theater is still the purveyor and is responsible for seeing to my satisfaction.

I've been taking my nephews to the movies here for the last ten years and we love the place.
One of the side benefits has been watching the Desert Ridge development grow over the years.
The location is perfect, right off the loop 101, which means easy access from any point in The Valley.
There is spacious parking and plenty of places to dine, including one of my local favorites, The Keg, among others.
With the addition of City North to the east we now have an added night club option in The Blue Martini.
Now back to the theatre of dreams.
One of the reasons that I like AMC is that, in general, the quality of the theatres is even throughout the country.
This location, however, seems to have the best popcorn.
As noted in other reviews and being that this is a nightspot for teenagers there is the drawback of frequent texts and cellphone conversations throughout the viewing.
However, as noted by our Yelp friend Roland, this is not the theatres fault.
The problem with this inconvenience is that a lot of people request that the management make more patrols without realizing that this also interferes with the viewing experience and causes more complaints.
It is difficult to strike a balance with appropriate levels of surveillance and uninterrupted viewing.
The audio and picture has been impeccable since opening day and this continues to be the case and in the rare occasion of an audio or visual problem, the theatre always steps up to the plate and compensates for the inconvenience, which is after all traditional AMC policy.
Now since my nephew has become an AMC employee it is even better because now we get to see the movies for free.

This is a really great theater for a mall.
With each theater they all have their different attributes and pluses and minuses.
This is a clean theater and close to parking and other restaurants.
What I like the most is that there are other eats and activities and shopping that can be part of a full day of fun if you include a movie.
you can catch a great lunch or quick treat, see a movie, go have dinner, shop and return home.

SO, as I've said previously, I don't do movie theatres on a regular occasion - why would I when I have NetFlix???
(and my wine, my silk robe, my bruschetta, the pause on my remote, my 5x7 projection screen, surround sound, feather pillows....)  Whoa, moving along...
Since this is still a fairly new cinema, it is in good condition and generally very clean.
Seats are plush and comfy.
Minus a star for the fact there's no bar serving wine..... why is that, btw???
(i mean, it's allowed at ball/hockey games and broadway theatre ???
)  Hmmmm, makes you think....

I've been to this theatre a fair share, but this time I went for the UFC 111 Georges St. Pierre vs. Dan Hardy.
Who knew one could watch UFC at the friggin movie theatre?!?!
They also show boxing fights.
At first, I was SO hesitant, I even walked back from DSW to ask if I could get my money back if I decided against going.
Yes, as long as it's before the fight.
It was $20, yeah kind of steep, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and I will go back when it's a big anticipated fight with a fighter I like.
But, come on, Georges fighting on a large screen!?!?

The previous reviewers have summed up this place pretty well.
I for one usually go to the Cine Capri at the 101 and Scottsdale for most movies.
However, if your on a budget and are willing to see a movie before Noon, this theatre offers $5 tickets for any movie excluding IMAX and 3D.
A great deal despite the theaters other drawbacks.

Prices are the most expensive in the area for prime time movies.
Facility cleanliness needs some work, especially in the restrooms.

Uhg.
Came here for a Monday night movie and the best part was that it was empty.
The bad part was the women's bathrooms were DISGUSTING!
Why were there a bunch of people on staff and hardly any customers, but still dirty bathrooms?
Also, we were seeing a movie at 9.20pm and the times for ALL the theaters hadn't been change since 2.30pm that day?
Is everyone sleeping at this theatre?

I usually prefer going to Harkins because of the $1 refills on the souvenir cups, but I like AMC just fine.
They have better seats in my opinion & I have never had any problems while watching a movie at their theaters.
It does suck that their ticket prices are a tad more expensive, but I did not know tickets are only $5 if you see a movie before noon.
I will have to keep that in mind since my mom & I go to the movies about twice a month & she always wants to go early.
The employees here are pretty friendly & it is cleaner than most theaters.
Sometimes the bathrooms are gross, but I find that to be the case at most theaters.
I love the big mural of past & present movie stars when you 1st walk in, the 1 of Marilyn is my fav!
When we came here this past Saturday afternoon, my mom, dad, aunt & I saw Burlesque.
Cute movie with awesome singing & dancing.
Cher was amazing & Christina's singing was too, just not so much her acting.

This AMC Theatres is okay with me.
I haven't had any real problems with this place except when the times weren't displayed correctly over the entrances for every theatre.
I also heard that the bathrooms tend to be dirty, but so far I haven't witnessed anything like that.
It seems to me like this AMC doesn't get as crowded as other AMC's I've been to, which I think is great!
The only thing that I really hate, but it goes for all AMC theatres, is that they don't do student discounts like they used to in the past, WTF AMC!
But I do like that if you go see movies in the mornings a ticket will usually cost you around $5, maybe a bit more if you're seeing a movie in 3D, so thats pretty cool.

I really don't like AMC very much.
I prefer Harkins and even Cinemark to AMC.
So I went and saw a movie here yesterday with my mom and sister in law and it was fine, the movie was good.
That really has nothing to do with the theatre, but it helps.
I guess my main complaint with AMC is their concessions.
They are really expensive and not very good.
The popcorn is expensive and it's not good.
They have the do it yourself butter which is terrible because then you can't get any butter in the middle of the popcorn and about 10 minutes into the movie the popcorn is all dry and sticks in your throat.
Although, this may be a good thing because their butter tastes weird... like a little fishy.
yuck.
Anyway, I just think there are better theatres out there (like any other type of theatre....).
I understand this may just be convenient or you may have a gift card to AMC (like we did), but it's just meh.

Located at Desert Ridge, there is plenty to do while waiting for your movie to start or after your movie ends.
At night when you get out, there is a big fireplace you can sit at and many restaurants/bars if you feel like grabbing a drink.
The theatre itself seems fairly new and nice inside.
The theatre we sat in had stadium seating (I would assume all do but not sure) so its easy for everyone to see regardless of the 6'5" guy who sits infront of you.
The picture was clear and the sound was good.
The bathroom though?
I skipped 3 urinals because I didn't want to piss onto gum or candy wrappers and I was still gagging because of the smell.
I know theatres are full of kids who disrepect businesses and don't clean up after themselves but when I used to work at a theatre when I was 14, we all rotated bathroom duty and kept it clean.
If this place was busy with light staff I would understand, but when we left, we saw three employees just talking and goofing off out in the front lobby.
Where's the boss of this place?
Clean your bathrooms.
I'll give it three stars because its a good theatre and location.
But the bathroom lost them a star.
I'll come back but I won't drink anything before or during.

Typical AMC.
I'm not really a great person to review theaters because I don't get the appeal.
I prefer my Netflix and Redbox.
Cheaper, I can drink, watch on my own time, eat whatever I want and lay on my couch!
So I don't "theater" it often, but sometimes you just gotta do what ya gotta do!
I guess in teen days it was fun.
Maybe I should make out next time we go and see if that spices up the theater expeience ?
Oh wait, that's more fun on the couch, too!
Anyhow.
Onto this AMC: It was a Monday night, so pretty quiet.
They had a lot of staff just standing around.
They were nice enough.
Sounds like the bathroom situation may have improved, because they were clean.
The seats are indeed awkward.
Especially when you are super short.
It's like every curve in the chair was the opposite it should be against my spine.
Yep, the entrance is hard to find as there is a sneaky little hallway from the parking lot.
There are lots of places at Desert Ridge to eat or drink before or after.
The sound was good.
The concession stand is of course overpriced...
I get so mad paying 5 bucks for a soda!
Come on now!
I did, though, so I guess they win there!
I wonder if a concession boycott would work???
So, as far as movie theaters go, it was fine.
Nothing spectacular, nothing horrible.

Ticket prices are higher than Harkins almost every time.
Their IMAX theatre is a retrofit so it doesn't give you the same experience as those built for IMAX.

15 to 20 minutes of previews and AMC promos before the movie actually starts.
Not many people at the theater for a Saturday afternoon so concessions were quite fast.
Theater was clean as always and conveniently located at Desert Ridge.

Come here Friday-Saturday-Sunday to any show before noon and it's only $5!!!!

Horrible customer service experience EVER!
I will never return.
I was waiting in line at the concession stand behind a couple who ordered hot dogs.
I had no idea that the employee was going to go prepare the hot dogs, the customers walked away, as did the employee.
Without any regard of telling me he was going to go to the back.
So I waited, another employee came by to a seperate register, and called the people that were waiting behind me.
WHAT!
Hold the phone!
Am I NOT standing here??!
I ask another employee if the dude was going to come back, he just looked at me like he has no idea what is going on.
Ummm ok.
So I walk over to the other register, now behind THREE people.
I get my popcorn and drink, then walk over to the supervisor to tell him what just happened, he looks at me, smiles, and says, I'll talk to him.
WHAT!!!!
You'll "talk" to him???
What good does that do me right now Mr I don't care supervisor??
I just look at him and have nothing to say to such lack of customer service.
I will be handling this with the corporate office.
My mouth will not be shut.
NEVER again will I walk foot into this theatre.
If it wasn't for my 6 year old niece wanting to watch a movie, I would've demanded a refund and walked away.
I'm truly disgusted.

I'm not a regular at the movie theatres.
But enjoyed "The Help" this past Friday afternoon.
This movie made you think and feel what the characters were portraying.
Definitely an academy award winner in my book.
Get there before 4pm to get matinee pricing of $7.50.
I got the large soda with free refills for $5.75.
It was so big that I didn't need a refill.
Plenty of dinning options for before and after the movie.

AMC is overpriced, compared to HARKINS.
Harkins has Senior pricing THROUGHOUT the week.
AMC does not.
Harkins has $1 soft drinks, when you purchase their reusable cup.
AMC does not.
Harkins has Free popcorn....... when you purchase and show their annual T-shirt.
AMC does not.
Wake-up AMC........ Harkins eats your popcorn.
Harkins has been the ONLY theater of choice .... for us.

This is my go to Movie Theater for watching movies in the afternoon.
You cannot beat $5.00.
I can come around 1 and watch something and then go pick up the kids.
The only thing I always forget is a sweater.
Place is freezing cold all the time.

There really isn't anything that sets this movie theater apart from any other.
It has plenty of nice auditoriums, with a pretty good sound system, and the seats are quite sizable and not uncomfortable.

Used, Abused and put away wet.
Needs a round of new carpet and a good old fashioned power wash. And yes, I would agree the prices are high.

This place is a little far for me but they have some cool one-night events like live opera and other events that I can't get elsewhere.
It's your typical AMC so nothing really stands out about this place.
Since the one closer to me at The Esplanade became a Fork and Screen (meaning I can get alcohol there) this one seemed a bit lackluster...I guess sobriety can have that effect!

Was in town for a business meeting and tried to catch a movie with a friend.
First impression of the place was that it needed a total make over.
I mean TOTAL MAKEOVER.
Walked up to buy my ticket, and the lady was a total jerk!
She had no idea when the movie times were, and she clearly thought we were stupid.
She messed up our change, and didn't believe us when we told her.
When we walked in they ripped the tickets out of our hands.
When it came time to order our food, the butter on the popcorn tasted like cough syrup.
The theater was extremely dirty, and kids were screaming throughout the movie.
After the movie I politely told the manager about our horrible experience.
He was not understanding at all and even threatened to kick us out.
I was appaled by this whole endeavor and that is why I am writing this review.
It was a complete waste of time and money and I recommend everyone to stay away.

I saw Avengers here in 3-D.
Fantastic stadium style seating with a screen that made me want to swoon with Thor!
:-D   But on a more serious  note, the staff here were really nice, the theater was really clean on the inside and seats were very comfy!
I will be back for sure!

While the seats aren't as comfortable as my couch at home, and I can't pause the movie to grab a snack or visit the loo, I really like this AMC.
- It is clean - no sticky floors or icky seats here!
- The seating is stadium style, so you can enjoy an unobstructed view of the screen.
- The seats are comfortable, and have wide armrests so you don't have to battle for space with the person next to you.
- Plenty of screening rooms for a wide selection of movies and show times  - $5 tickets before noon on weekends, and $5 before 5pm Monday through  Thursday is a great deal!
Just like any movie theater, the negative to the experience is the occasional rude person who just cannot survive without talking/texting during the movie.
Too bad there isn't a way to eject them from their seats, like in the cartoon shown during the previews...   :)

Went to the cinema for the first time in 2 years to watch Moonrise Kingdom.
It was full so we had to pick an alternate and we made a bad choice, People Like Us, which was rubbish.
At the beginning of the show during the previews there was no picture at all, and there was nobody there to ask for help.
The picture finally came on at the beginning of the film.
Diane stayed to the bitter end, I went to Yardhouse to reflect and promise myself never to go to the movies again!

Love this theater.
It is conveniently located off Loop 101, they have the best pre-show entertainment with their First Look, they have the most comfortable stadium style seating, concessions selection is great, & the staff is helpful and friendly.
The stadium style seating is very important when you're short.
I have never had a viewing issue at any AMC Theater.

We were here to watch Ice Age 4, Usually we go to Scottsdale 101 Cine Capri.
However, Once we left our son forgot his wallet.
We called and they looked in the theater, to our surprise they found the wallet and everything was in tact.
Four stars for  a trustworthy business and also the quick response.

Seriously - more than one entrance would be nice.....y'know, like one that didn't require me parking in the middle of the parking lot and then walking around 10+ stores and restaurants in the 100+ degree sun simply to get to the entrance.
That said, overall a very nice theater once you get inside, and with an IMAX to boot I'm sure I'll be back regardless of how assinine the process of getting inside is.

12/18/12  Saw Dark Knight Rises IMAX here a few months ago.
I had worked till late, had dinner at home, then went to the after-10p show.
The sound was too loud, and I was so tired and cranky (loud noises do that to me, especially when I'm already tired) that after the two-hour mark (the movie ran almost three hours), I just wanted to go home and crawl into bed.
Didn't like the parking situation then, as it was my first visit, but after going back for another movie, it's OK.  No different than that of Tempe Marketplace's...  BTW, I saw "Les Miserables" tonight, one week before opening day (Christmas), a perk of having an AMC Stubs membership ($12 annual fee-- I was able to get in at a 50% discount a few months ago).
There was only a limited amount of seats offered, and all of the tickets had sold out.
It was very nice to be a part of that audience, as it wasn't at all crowded, and it felt like everyone there was an avid Les Mis fan.
It was nice not to be the only one weeping at the beauty of the story, soundtrack, and cinematography!

My husband and I come here frequently for our weekend movie experiences.
We like showing up before noon, since the ticket price is $5 per person.
Such a great deal.
We also like this location since it is close to where we live and relatively easy to get in and out.
There are almost always good parking spaces, unless it's later in the day, in which case you better watch out.
Since this AMC is at the Desert Ridge, you've got to fight off other shoppers.
The actual theater is pretty standard compared to other AMCs, but seems nicer.
There are plenty of seats and most screens are rather large.
This specific theater has an IMAX as well.
We've only had one bad experience here.
We showed up one morning before 10am and the theater was closed due to some "power issues".
We asked one of the girls outside turning people away and she wouldn't give any specific reason as to why.
She told us we could go to the AMC Deer Valley or Esplanade and handed us a printout of movie times (one that she wanted back).
She didn't tell us to come back later or comp us for the inconvenience.
It was nearly impossible to make it to one of the other theaters for the next show time for the movie we wanted to see.
It was a major letdown and we didn't go back to the theater for almost half a year.
Needless to say, we saw a movie here just last week after a hiatus.
Nothing has changed and their power is working just fine.

Patronized this place last night, and was reminded why I vastly prefer Harkins theaters.
Overly-loud, obnoxious commercials filled their screen before the scheduled showtime, of the kind that offend one's taste and intelligence; compare that to those silly movie quizzes shown at Harkins, which are, if you're not into that sort of thing, far easier to ignore.
C'mon, guys, one of the reasons I go to a theater is to get AWAY from advertisements.
The Harkins reusable loyalty cup has no equivalent at AMC.
It's a nice feature, and it gives, at least, a nice warm fuzzy feeling that you're not being as cruelly exploited at the concessions stand as you might be at some places.
Such as at AMC.
There's no reason, on a busy Friday night, to be served popcorn that bordered on stale.
As I was at AMC, last night.
No reason at all.
Sure missed my sprinkle-on popcorn topping!
Don't have that at AMC.
Sound volume during the feature presentation was set a few dozen decibels above comfortable.
Unnecessarily loud, and detracted from the experience.
I may not have been hard of hearing going in to the theater, but I certainly was coming out.
Positive notes: clean facility, I thought, and friendly, professional staff.
I understand that a theater makes next to nothing from tickets, and relies on the sales of concessions and pre-show advertisements to make a buck, but I do believe that I prefer to patronize a place that hasn't ramped up its money-making machine as relentlessly as AMC.
Harkins seems to have achieved a finer balance between maintaining profitability and customer comfort and satisfaction.
I'll go there in future, whenever possible.

I went to this AMC with my family for father's day!
We saw the internship and it was so funny!
The popcorn was scrumptious as always.
However, The thing that got me was we were put in the smallest theater known to man-kind and the seats had a space between where you sit and the back of the chair.
I know I'm being picky but I like to be comfortable when I go to the movies.
I've been to a bigger theater at that AMC before and don't remember the chairs having that space.
All in all it was fine and we had a good time seeing a movie together.

First visit to this theater.
I don't recall which number theater they put us in, but it was a nice theater (screening of World War Z!
First, the rows had plenty of leg room.
People going by did not necessitate you standing for them to get past you.
Just pulling your legs in was enough.
The arm rests were double-wide!
No more trying to share a 2" wide arm rest with your neighbor!
And the seats and arm rests had very nice cushioning.
Very comfortable!
The screen was a reasonable size.
Our particular one had a dirty spot of some sort which was visible when bright portions of the picture were projected onto that area.
They should clean or fix that somehow.
It was a little distracting at times.
The sound system was pretty good.
Not as good as some, but definitely good enough.
I have eschewed AMC for a while now.
But this theater is a winner.

I think AMC has snagged me ever since I got sucked into paying to be a Stubs Reward member~ the thing is, they do make getting rewarded easy so I find myself picking AMC theatres over Harkins lately.
Location is convenient, right off of Tatum and the 101.
Parking can be a bit of a nightmare as Desert Ridge is a popular mall.
The trick is to drive north on Tatum and then turn right on Deer Valley then turn right I can't remember the name of the street but then you can drive straight to the AMC and miss all the internal traffic that is part of Desert Ridge.
$5 matinee movies can't be beat either!

Very friendly staff at the movie theatre.
On one occasion, was literally the only person left in the theatre for Monsters University for the after the credits scene (you should check on that before you watch your movie) and the cleaning staff made sure to not obstruct my view at all.
Everyone one of them said "thank you" too but that's probably just company policy.
Given the atmosphere of Desert Ridge, AMC is great for movie after dinner.
The theatres are all decently sized as well.

The prices for AMC are really getting high.
It's not this locations fault really, but it will cost about $30-40 for a night out at the movies.
They no longer do student discounts, and there is no "loyalty" pricing discount.
The STUBS program is alright, but you don't get a discount on anything.
It's $13 for a year .
and you pay full price on all services.
After you spend $100 you get a $10 credit?
mmmm no thanks.

Tonight I visited AMC Desert Ridge theater for the first time.
I've never thought to visit this location since it's outside my neighborhood and quite a ways north, but I decided to make the trek since they were having a special screening of a documentary at this location.
I convinced some friends to venture up north to see what Desert Ridge had to offer and we were all pleased with what we found.
The theater was clean, the bathrooms were well-attended, and the seats in the theater were quite comfortable.
We arrived just before the show started so we grabbed seats in the top back row.
Just like sitting in front of the Emergency Exit row on an airplane, there's a price for siting in the back row of the theater: non-reclining seats!
The reclining issues in the back row and the   standard movie theater thermostat setting of "cold to freezing" aside, this is a great theater and I will definitely be back!
There are numerous places nearby to dine before or after a movie and the theater itself has much to offer.
In case you're curious, the documentary was called "Free the Mind" and is about the health benefits and science behind mindfulness.
In all honesty, the documentary was "light" on the science and research piece, but I found the stories touching and encouraging in terms of the innovative and non-pharmacological strategies depicted in the film to help veterans and children cope with challenging situations and learn to regulate their emotions.
I highly recommend seeing the documentary if you have the opportunity!

Big movie theaters.
Always has current updated movies out which is awesome.
Lines to get tickets can be long sometime on weekends but that is rare.
Good selection for food on the inside.
Theaters never seem to be completely out of seats which is good.
Bathrooms are always clean.

We rarely go to the movies.
But we were on vacation.
And the theater is so close to our timeshare.
So....what the heck!
Let's do it!
AMC has an IMAX theater, and the big screen was showing a just released 3D the night we went.
Loved the theater.
The seats were comfy enough.
It was clean.
The popcorn smell drove me crazy (dammit).
The bathrooms were well maintained.
And the movie happened to be great.
Sandra Bullock and George Clooney never looked better.
Yep.
Gravity.
The price for IMAX and 3D will set you back a bit more than average, but for a good hour and a half of intense entertainment, I was quite happy.
Nice theater.

Usually our 3rd choice.
Isn't bad, we simply have so many other good options in the area.
Would easily get another star if they could get a bit inspired w the snack and drink options.

Sure this theater is a little dated and parking is a nightmare on the weekends, but there's so much to do at Desert Ridge!
Get there early, get that primo spot, have dinner at a nearby restaurant and then walk over to the theater.
Plenty of places to grab a late-night drink or dessert afterwards too.
Sometimes there's even live music out at the fountain in front of the theater.
Good date night!

I don't understand why anyone would choose to go to this overpriced ripoff over locally owned Harkins.
No discounts for students.
Higher ticket prices in general.
Literally the most expensive concession prices I've ever seen, more expensive than a sporting event or concert!
Seats do not recline.
Arms on seats are worn.
Staff is made up of snotty teens with horrible attitudes!
Never again!

Please do not fall for the IMAX trick here.
This is NOT a full IMAX screen.
I go to the Harkins IMAX all the time for movies, but they were sold out - so I bought tickets here.
What a rip off.
I drove from Chandler for this tiny screen?
Are you serious?
AMC is ripping people off.
Edit:  AMC Knows they are ripping people off and doesn't care!
This is a common thing for them around the country.
Google it.

Good place as any to go see a movie.
The only complaint is that regardless of how many times they say not to use your phone, someone in the audience does not think it applies to them.
Also one more thing if the movie stars at a certain time start it, we don't need to see full previews that give the entire story line.
I felt I saw more than one movie.

I am not too picky about movie theaters.
We usually go to the theater with the show times we like best.
They all could use a more frequent deep cleaning, and this one is no different.
It bothers me, though, when people think it is the movie theater's job to clean up after them, so they leave their trash in the aisle and on the seats.
You bought it, you own it, you dispose of it up.
Didn't your mom teach you to clean up after yourself?

This is not my #1 movie theater to go to, but its all about the showtimes.
I like that they have 8:00 or 8:15 start times so we can go to dinner first.
The actual theater is fine, it has 18 screens (like the name states), and 4 of them are really big ones.
The other 12 are medium or small-sized.
No major complaints or points of praise, but I have always found the bathrooms to be a bit messy and dirty.
The toilet water is way too pressurized, so it always splashes up on the seat.
That's pretty annoying.
But a fine movie theater.

