Basha's deserves it's motto "Your Hometown Grocer" many time over.
Now that I live in SE Chandler, where several members of the Basha family live,  maybe I'm biased; but Basha's has always been my favorite grocery store.
First of all, the stores are the perfect size-- not too small, but not so big you get lost in them.
Best of all they're small enough that the folks there recognize you after only a return visit or two.
This particular store location is staffed with friendly cashiers, offers free childcare, has an extensive organic selection, and an amazing bakery where the bread is always fresh.
The Basha family has donated untold amounts to education, the arts, the environment and the community here.
The least I can do is buy my milk and eggs from them.

Do not.
DO NOT!
This review is specifically for the Chinese Fast Food in the front of the store which is set-up similar to Panda Express.
We like the store itself.
DO NOT!
We wanted something quick and easy for dinner and made the mistake of giving this a shot.
In case you didn't pick up on my previous admonitions, DO NOT eat here.
We took our food home, tasted it, picked at it, I actually ate some and regretted it still this morning.
The rice was dry, the cubed veggies in the rice were re-dehydrated.
The spicy chicken was spicy, oily and stale.
Overall the freshness and quality was poor, especially the freshness.
DO NOT!
Again, the store and staff in the store are friendly and the manager cheerfully refunded our money this morning so for the store, DO and for the Chinese prepared food, DO NOT.
In closing I would like to sum-up with the following: I don't recommended the Chinese food here.
You thought I was going to say DO NOT didn't you?

Well all I can say is convenient.
I am not a fan of Basha's anymore.
The prices are to high and the selection is just not what I am looking for.
The staff though is always friendly and I am always in and out, so for that you get an additional star.
I would hate to see them gone but I will usually make the effort to shop somewhere else.

Just quickly ran in and grabbed some stuff for dinner.
Never been inside of this store until today.
It's okay.
I don't think the fruits and vegetables are the best but they'll do in a time crunch (because the store is located near the house) but I would prefer Safeway for fruits, vegetables and possibly meats.
Prices are average - specials on some things but nothing out there that makes this store stand out.

Over priced but if you wanted a better price you'd hit up Basha's food city right, lol.

