We're all clear that wanting to like something is not the same as liking it, right?
Well, I want to love this place.
It's the closest non-take out Chinese food place to my house so I was completely ready to make this "My Chinese Restaurant".
Unfortunately it doesn't quite live up to the hype.
It is all good.
It's fine.
Some parts better than others.
Entrees are in the $8 range for chicken/beef dishes, in the $16 range for seafood and they offer a few specialty dishes up to the early $20's.
They have a decent section of vegetarian things as well, but less than you might expect at a Chinese restaurant.
There was more "sweet" in the sesame chicken than in the Orange chicken - and they looked far too much like the same thing.
The interior is kinda cool with funky lamps, window hangings and lots of bamboo.
For a spot that size the bar, where you can also sit and eat, is a bit too big for me - but just because those 2 big screen tv's are pointing out to the rest of the restaurant so we can't help but be reminded it's there.
The service?
Not so bueno.
I've been there 3 times and once it was good, but not great.
The other times have been pretty off each time.
I read a great review about the place by a professional reviewer claiming that it was similar to San Francisco Chinese food fare.
I'm guessing he's wrong, but I wanted to put it out here for other folks to see.
http://www.somonews.com/article.cfm?articleID=242  I'd love to hear what you Bay area transplants have to say...

Okay okay... let me be real with ya'll.
I DID read the SoMo review back in the day when it first came out.
Now, I had my Bay Area hopes & dreams and yeah - was a little disappoitned.
But for real.
It's a nice place.
I hate it when reviews hype a place up only to be disappoitned because it wasn't cracked up to what it was supposed to be even though what it was - was actually really nice.
With that said.
This is by FAR the nicest chinese resturant in this area!
For real... show me a place that is more authentic AND more clean AND has better service THAT is in the South Mountain area.
If you can...
I'll give u $20!
If you do decide to go, you MUST try the Won Ton Soup!
I love everything, the single shrimp that's always perfectly cooked with the aromatic broth with the stuffed won tons.
It's my version of heaven.
I always go here for the soup.
Some other favorite dishes are the Hunan chicken which has the right amount of spice and the baby corn is to die for!
If you're not too adventerous then the Sweet & Sour is also good as is the Beef & Broccoli.
I TOTALLY dig the Mongolian Beef which was suggested to me by a very friendly server.
I am so inlove with the decor and the teal plates and matching salt & pepper shakers and soy sauce pourer and platters.
But as a big girl, I must admit... the chairs could be a lil more sterdier.
I'm always scared that this is going to be the time I finally brake a chair!
The menus are hard to read because of the frosty page covers.
I always press the hazy plastic page protectors firmly over the paper and that usually makes it easier to read.
But all in all, it's a very nice place.
I have taken quite a few of my friends there and have become somewhat of a regular.
I have yet to finish a cup of water and soda because the servers are so attentative that they bring a fresh cup before my first one was even gone!
The servers have always been willing to take special orders for me and are always willing to chime in on what they think the best dish is (when asked).
I really love this place!

Sun Asian Kitchen.. Mm Sounds good, like the name.
What does this place have going for it?
Location, that is if you live in South Phoenix.. Great happy hour specials on food and booze   - $3 for 6 fat crab puffs, can't go wrong!
Unfortunately the food is only 1 step up from fast food, the decor is pretty cheesy and there are 3 TV's that they like to play at full volume on different channels.. And do you really want to watch Animal Planet's Gross out show while you are eating?
Really?
But if your in the mood and don't feel like driving far it is decent enough.
the staff is so attentive and they speak really really really fast..

I think I would have to agree with Kristin and Sunny and say that this place gets a lot more credit that it might otherwise deserve because it's a non-chain, non-fast food Chinese place in South Phoenix.
I admire the owners for taking a risk and opening this place in this particular area and for bringing some ethnic food to the masses.
That being said, the food isn't spectacular.
The first time my husband and I went there, it was at dinnertime and we thought the food was decent.
The Crispy Honey Chicken ($7.95) was a bit too sweet and not as crispy as one would hope, but the Mongolian Beef ($9.50) was tender and pretty flavorful.
We also had the Crab Puffs for $4.95, which were fine but no better than the ones at Panda Express.
The prices were low, service good, and overall, it was an ok dining experience.
However, when we returned for lunch today, we were a bit disappointed.
Having enjoyed a beef dish during the last visit, I decided to try the Volcano Beef lunch special.
My husband got the General Tso chicken.
Their website says lunch specials are $4.95, but I believe they were $5.50 each.
The chicken was ok, but again, it wasn't that crispy.
Sesame Chicken, General Tso Chicken, and other similar dishes are only really good if the outside is very crispy and the sauce adds flavor not sogginess.
The sauce that came with the beef was spicy and flavorful and the accompanying veggies (carrot, mushrooms, broccoli, and bok choy) were really fresh, but the beef itself was really bad quality.
On the upside, the egg roll that came with both lunch specials was really good.
The filling was savory, and it almost tasted like it was fried in butter!
I am certainly glad that the owners of Sun Asian Kitchen brought Chinese food to South Phoenix, but I hope that many more Asian restaurateurs follow suit and open restaurants in this area, so that Kristin, Sunny, and I have more options to choose from!
Until then, I'll be frequenting Sun Asian Kitchen for happy hour (in particular, for the $3 crab puffs) or to-go and driving elsewhere when I went real, good-quality Asian food.

Ok, I rarely give establishments one star, especially not when I initially gave the place three stars or above.
I will have to make an exception for Sun Asian Kitchen.
The first time my husband and I went there (the experience I based my first review on), the food definitely wasn't outstanding or authentic, but it was decent.
The fact that it was the only non-hole-in-the-wall Asian place in South Phoenix also made me settle on a solid three stars.
Last night, on my way back from Tucson, my husband called in an order and I went to pick it up.
We got the crab wontons, chicken chow fun, and Mongolian beef.
When I got home with the food (after waiting 10 extra minutes for the food to be ready), we sat down to eat, ready for some standard but satisfying Chinese.
Well, we were in for a big disappointment.
The food was awful, literally disgusting.
To start with, the chicken in the chow fun was literally formed and the farthest thing from breast you can get - my husband said it reminded him of the way the chicken meat in McNuggets used to be before they upgraded to all white meat.
I figure if McDonalds can make the switch, so can this place.
I picked out all the chicken, hoping that the chow fun would at least be decent, but it was super-oily, so much so it was almost inedible.
The crab wontons had literally two flecks of artificial crab in them and were basically stuffed with straight cream cheese.
Not good.
The beef was also terrible quality, the only saving grace of the dish being the flavorful sauce and scallions.
We both felt really sick after the little we did eat and wished that we had taken our $25 and gone to Panda Express instead.
Yeah, it was that bad.
The biggest irony of all is that the restaurant actually claims that they use top-quality meat.
On their website, they state that they only use  "top quality meat, seafood  and  the  freshest  garden vegetables to cook your food  to ensure  an authentic and memorable eating experience.
" Yeah.
Right.
I know there's a recession going on, but serving meat worse than McDonald's is inexcusable and will certainly keep us from spending our valuable food dollars there.
A place called Pan Asia (advertises itself is having sushi and Chinese fusion) is about to open up across the street (24th and Baseline) in the center; it will be exciting to have another Asian restaurant in South Phoenix to choose from, and I hope that the competition will force Sun Asian Kitchen to live up to their own promise to use only the highest-quality ingredients.

There's some harsh reviews of this place but I don't have an issue with it really.
Price is normal for dinner places, the staff are not the nicest people out there but if you sit and eat they are nice and quick with soda/tea refills and removing plates.
They have a happy hour (I think it's every day) from 4-7 where all their appetizers (lots of em) are half off.
If I get there before 7, which I try to, I usually only order a bunch of different appetizers so I have like 4-5 different things to eat...
I like it.
Their orange chicken is bomb too!

Ok. A full star is generous but this site only allows 1 star increments.
I've been to this place 3 times, hoping that service will either improve or balance out.
I like to support "mom and pop" places and local restaurants which is why I gave it several opportunities to make up for poor service.
But to my disappointment, this is the last straw.
I show up for a bite to eat with a friend around 9pm on a Monday night which is typically the slowest night of the week for most restaurants.
As soon as we received our menus we were already expected to give our order.
After asking for a few more minutes to decide, the waitress comes back in less than a minute, urging us to make a decision.
Strike 1.
Next after ordering our food, we receive our orders in a reasonable amount of time.
By now it's about 9:15.
The food is mediocre as usual but that can be forgiven to a certain degree.
While I'm still eating the last few bites of my food, the waitress is tugging at my plate to take it away.
I had to stop her and tell her that I wasn't quite finished.
Strike 2.
She came back a couple of minutes later dropped off the check and packed the few leftovers.
By now it's around 9:30.
My friend and I were in the middle of a conversation when she rudely interrupted to ask to close the check.
I glanced at my watch to be mindful of the time they close which was 10pm...it was 9:35.
Strike 3.
At this point, enough is enough.
I asked for a manager to let her know of the poor service and I was suddenly surrounded by the remaining wait staff which stood there waiting for me to act crazy or something.
After politely speaking my dissatisfaction, my friend and I left vowing never to return and encourage others to do the same.
In this economic climate, you would think that frequent customers would save establishments like this.
However, to create frequent customers, they would have to be encouraged to come back!!
I am amazed how this place stays in business.
Mediocre food (at best), rather high prices, and poor service.
If you want to pour money into local businesses, pour it somewhere else because this establishment could care less.

My work has ordered from this place on a couple occassions.
I thought the food was pretty good.
I've had the sesame chicken and crispy honey chicken, both were delicious.
I've actually eaten at the restuarant once very recently.
Nothing majorly wrong or stand out wowish.
The wait staff wasn't that friendly or rude.
They basically just did their job and that's it.
I would go here again, if I'm in the area and craving chinese...which I always am.

I have eaten close to weekly for six months at this establishment.
The food is very good.
Recently I have taken to mostly taking out as I cannot stand the staff.
I am from New York City, we eat our Chinese with alot of crispy egg noodles and hot mustard, seems like all Chinese restaurants  are stingy with the noodles but this one has taken it to a higher level.
They almost get mad when asked for more and have even reduced the size of the already small bowl it used to be served in.
I went a few weeks ago with a reasonably large party of eight, the service was slow and it was very hard to get the waitresses attention, I tip based on merit and she had not earned a good tip, there was a ten minute wait for the check (after I was able to ask for it several minutes after I wanted to ask for it) When it finally came she had given herself a 20% tip!
I said I decide what I tip and made her remove it.
It was an 82.00 bill with drinks that accounted for about 20.00, with good service I would have given 15.00, at that point she was getting about 7.00, after that stunt she got 5.00, as an aside I went again last week with my Wife, the bill was 32.00 and I gave 7.00 because the service was fine.
I will eat there when in a hurry or in the mood to eat out but mostly I will call and go pick it up.

This is an addendum to my previous report.
I have been avoiding their horrible service by taking the food out.
The containers they put soup in leak, I ordered two orders tonight, asked that they make sure they don't leak and they said no problem, I got home with two containers of wontons, shrimp etc AND NO LIQUID all the liquid was on my floorboards I called she said sorry no one has complained I COMPLAINED WHEN I ORDERED & PICKED IT UP!
I live less than a mile from Panda Express I wanted soup so I drove 8 miles each way in 5pm Baseline traffic only to get home after 6 with a ruined meal and dirty car.
I will not be back and suggest no one else go there as they do not care.

Sun Asian has an eclectic decor that makes me think of what would happen if a foreign tourist had dinner once in a PF Changs, then tried to re-create it from memory a decade later.
It attempts to be trendy but ends up looking like a loft apartment that was well-decorated, then occupied by someone's grandmother who didn't have the best taste.
It is at least open and airy, though.
It is a semi-regular lunch spot for me and my co-workers, since it is really easy to get tired of going to Chipotle over and over on the corner of 24th and Baseline, and I refuse to go to Ono Hawaiian Grill.
Yuck.
The staff is generally friendly and chipper, if a bit too informal.
On a couple of occasions I have had to wait a while to be greeted at my table, but 90% of the time it is a quick in and out lunch.
The food is average-to-decent chinese fare with average sushi and a couple of other asian cuisines thrown in.
It is nothing earth-shattering, but it is reliably decent.
I always order the veggies in garlic sauce, but substitute crispy fried tofu.
The fried tofu is always well-seasoned and cooked just right.
The rice is, let's be honest, mediocre shopping center chinese restaurant rice, but it is perfectly acceptable.
It is a great place to grab lunch for 7 or 8 bucks.

This was my first time going to this place though I had driven past it alot.
The Sun Asian has really good decor without trying to come across as an uppity spot which I really like.
The waitress was very friendly and judging from the amount of people there I can tell they have a lot of regulars.
I was playing it on the safe side when I went so I only had the happy hour specials which was a  really good spicy tuna roll and some pork with some peanut sauce on top.
It was really good I dont even like pork!
The appetizers were really good now I'm curious what the rest of their menu is like.

I've been to Sun Asian before, but that was pre-Yelp.
So I was excited to go home and share this experience with all my Yelp friends.
We get to the restaurant just after 11am - it's dead, if the TVs weren't on I could have heard chirping.
We got seated, the hostes was very nice and took our order right away.
Not even 2 minutes had passed when she brought out our meal...wow, what service.
I orderd the Orange Chicken and enjoyed the texture and taste.
The chicken meat was tender and the batter was crisp.
Enjoyed my meal and would come again!

OK, I HAVE to give this place 5 stars because they server THE BEST Chinese food I have ever had.
Their sushi is mediocre, and so is their service, but their food is brilliant.
Every piece of meat was tender, their shrimp was well cleaned and cooked, and high quality to begin with.
I am definitely going back, I just might get take out next time...

I went there when I drove around to find something good for lunch.
I had the Teriyaki pork and a smoothie.
I think that the price/value doesn't compare to other good Chinese places.
Not sure how the other food on the menu is, but the Teriyaki pork is not worth dropping in.
It also took quite a while to get the food.

A friend of mine invited me to this place for lunch yesterday and I was a bit skeptical at first.
After a moment of deliberation, I decided to break free from my regular lunch spots and try something new.
There was a small line to be seated so the hostess asked us if we wanted to sit outside instead of waiting for a spot inside.
We accepted her offer and were seated immediately.
As soon as I sat in my chair my server was there with menus, ready to take drink orders.
She brought us both glasses of water as requested and also brought a pitcher for us to refill with (nice touch as I hate waiting for refills on water).
We both placed our orders off of the very well priced lunch menu and waited less than 10 minutes for our food.
Everything came out exactly as ordered and tasted great!
We were in and out of there in less than 30 minutes which is quite rare for a sit-down restaurant during busy lunch times.
I was impressed with the service, speed and price at Sun Asian Kitchen and I recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal at a good price without wasting your entire lunch hour.

A friend told us about this place a year ago when we moved into the area from Mesa.
Today we finally got around to trying it.
After trying a little takeout place in the area I was scared to try any other Asian food near here.
This whole year I have been making excuses to go back into Mesa/Tempe for my old favorites, Ninja and Pong Pongs.
I liked the interior.
The patio was very well decorated but it was still just a tad too warm to sit outside.
Really liked the plates and salt shakers too.
Anyways, I was there for food,and the place was clean and visually pleasing.
More than good enough for me.
I can't complain about the service.
We were seated right away.
The waitress was pleasant and stopped to take our order 3 times before we could decide what we wanted.
Our glasses were always full and I didn't feel like we waited too long for anything at any point.
The crab rangoon was great.
I wanted to try some soup but actually forgot to order any...
I normally judge a new place by ordering my favorite, Kung Pao Chicken.
This time I was in the mood for something sweet and ordered the Sweet & Sour Chicken.
I have to say, it was great.
The chicken was tender and not chewy.
The batter was crispy and the sauce was perfect (for my tastes).
My lunch companion had the Shrimp Egg Foo Yung and I managed to steal a taste.
I've never had Egg Foo Yung before and it was great.
I'm going to have to get it for myself on a future trip.
I'm a very texture-based eater and I love water chestnuts (crunchy and moist) and mushrooms and the Egg Foo Yung had plenty of both.
Overall, Sun Asian Kitchen was an extremely pleasant surprise.
I am so happy to have found such a good place with good food in this area.
I cannot wait to go again and try something else from the menu.

My boyfriend and I go here probably once a week.
From the outside, it looks terribly dodgy, but on the inside the restaurant is quite lovely.
The owners have obviously invested considerable capital in this place, getting custom-made metal work, etc.
Our first visit: Sweet and sour chicken - what I order whenever I'm trying a new Chinese restaurant - isn't awesome, but it was good enough to make me come back.
My boyfriend got a beef dish; his only complaint was that there was too much meat and not enough vegetables.
The chicken skewers appetizers are soso, but the dumplings are very tasty.
Recommend pan-fried over steamed, though either are yummy.
I rarely stray from the almond chicken.
It is the perfect dish, with the chicken & veggies (zuchinni, mushrooms, water chestnuts, onions & peppers) in perfect proportion, all in delicious brown sauce that has just enough ginger to be perfectly palate-cleansing (instead of cloying, as some brown sauces can be).
The almonds, toasted, are a great additional 'crunch' in the dish.
Other dishes we've had: string bean beef and chicken are two of my boyfriend's favorites.
Chicken & vegetables are yummy, as is the double cooked (or double fried) chicken.
My mother, when she visited, had egg foo yung with beef and thought it was awesome.
Service is exceptional.
They're always happy to provide a pitcher of water when I ask for it, and if I forget to ask, my glass doesn't ever stay empty for long.

I'm weirded out by the bad reviews.
I took my kids for lunch.
The dining room is clean and nicely decorated.
The staff was very attentive.
The value is amazing.
For just over $5  you pick your entree and it comes with lo mein (looks simple but tastes wonderful), fried rice (ok) or white rice and a chicken egg roll.
My son had the volcano beef.
He really liked it.
My girls shared the honey chicken.
It looked fabulous and they really enjoyed it.
I had the vegetable deluxe.
Likely the best veggies, tofu and sauce I have ever had.
For dessert we all shared a huge mango smoothie that was less than $2.
Yum!
I look forward to going back.
So happy to have found a restaurant close to home that I like so much!

I love this place.
It's clean, nice, and the food is great.
They have happy hour and are inexpensive when it's not happy hour.
My favorite is the crispy honey chicken and their egg rolls.
Their sushi is yummy too.
They have decently priced drinks with quick and attentive service.
My only complaint is that when they are super busy there is one server in particular that seems  unfriendly.
We frequent this place at least once a month.
I would recommend this place to people who are looking for a place that is inexpensive, casual yet nicer than your typical family restaurant, and tasty with a good variety.

This restaurant is clean and the food & atmosphere are great.
Most of our office staff goes to this restaurant on a regular basis and always try to make sure they bring me back the crab putts...fantabulous!
Always easy to recommend this restaurant to friends & family!

If you work in the Sky Harbor area and want a hot, sit down, full lunch with drink for less than $10 that includes the tip than this place is it!
Their lunch specials are under $6 and very filling.
All your favorite dishes!
Meal comes with egg roll and rice and it's a pretty harty portion.
My husband loves this place too, wish it was close to my house.

The food is a little pricey, but not to bad.
I have been twice to this place and the have really good food, clean and airy with pretty good service.
I will continue to go back.
I have never been for dinner so I gate rate the service or vibe at dinner time.

So I am sitting at work yday craving shrimp and calamari or sth like that!
Considering its a weekday, we wanted to go someplace close to home.
I had seen this little Chinese place on the North-West corner of 24th st and Baseline everytime I'd go to Fry's there but never tried it.
Yesterday we finally did try it out and am i not glad we did!
Got there around 5.30 during their Happy Hour.. ordered Shrimp, Calamari, Chicken Dumplings, Chicken Eggroll and some crab rangoons.
The food was good, Chicken Dumplings topped the charts followed by Chicken Eggrolls and Crabs!
Good quality food at super cheap prices!
We ate all this food with a bottle of beer and only paid $14+tip!
We actually went back there again today after work just to have the chicken dumplings!!
This is definitely my weekly HH food place.. for quick, good and cheap food!!
Recommended anytime!!!!

Lesson learned: Do not stress too much that you want something lacking spiciness.
I'm pretty sure that they pounded it into the chef's mind that we do not want too much flavor with our order, when really we just wanted a dish we could share with our toddler.
Everything was fine with this last order, but not nearly as good as previous ones.

The food is very good and the prices off the lunch menu are quite cheap.
The portion size is about right for lunch and I was able to get an entree with rice and an egg roll and a drink for about $10 including tip.

Called for lunch take-out, ready in 10-15...
I ordered the volcano beef lunch combo and a mango slushee with boba.
The combo comes with a chicken eggroll and fried or steamed rice.
The 3 compartment to-go container had the entrée in the largest section, a large scoop of rice and the chicken eggroll in the other 2.
The eggroll was not all cabbage, the beef and vegetables were quality and had good flavor.
Slushee came in 20 oz.
cup.
Total bill...8.32----holla!!
I will be back, believe dat:-)

A-mazing Soups, happy-hour appetizers and such cheap pricing!
We go here pretty much once a week since its so close to where we live.. Kung-pao chicken and hot  sour soup are the best!
Definitely try it out once and you'll keep coming back!

Decent Chinese food rained upon by poor, awkward service.
I've been coming here on occasion over the last three years, but I don't eat-in anymore.
I used to dine in really often because it's close by, but I got tired of all the waiting.
Each time I went I ended up waiting too long for my food, my drink, the check, etc.
Not only that, the employees don't socialize too well with customers.
It's hard to discern if they're rude or just don't grasp how badly they're interacting with people, as though smiling might make their face crack.
It's a little creepy.
The last time I was there I was waiting 17 minutes for the bill when I had elsewhere to be, so I decided not to dine in anymore as a result.
That and the Egg Foo Yung that they make is pretty much an omelet as opposed to a  patty.
It was a doubly disappointing experience that night.
Meanwhile, as a Take-Out restaurant they are pretty good.
The food is vastly better at Golden Phoenix, but the physical plant of Sun-Asian is pretty nice itself.
Actually, it's gorgeous and it has great outdoor seating as well.
Not exactly comfortable seating, but aesthetically pleasing.
The sushi is passable and it feels awkwardly forced on the establishment as though it was a measure taken to compete with the nearby Pan-Asia.
Their small portions, high prices and poor quantities ensure I'll have my raw fish elsewhere.
It has all the practicality of a cat with a calculator; it doesn't add up.
Heh.
They tend to be good with chicken dishes, but aside from an outstanding physical plant with typically poor service they have little else aside from great eggrolls to offer to   Eat in at your own peril and have nothing else planned for your day because they aren't in a hurry to get you the bill.
Be safe, do take-out instead.

This place has a good happy hour.
The food is not the best but it is pretty decent.
Service is fair

Just got back from having lunch here...  Been many times in the last year for lunch, take out, ect.
We will NOT be back!!!
Went for lunch... got my usual of kung pao tofu with white rice and veggie egg roll.
My husband ordered 2 pc.
tuna nigiri, 2 pc.
salmon nigiri, 2 pc.
yellowtail nigiri.
The reason he ordered this is because walking in there was a big dry erase board above the sushi chef and it said, "Daily special  Nigiri 99 cent/ 1 pc.
Yellowtail $1.50/ 1 pc.
"  When we ordered we specified that he was getting the daily special and how many of each kind.
When we got the bill he was charged $16 for 6 pc of sushi when it should have been $7.
When I pointed out the mistake I was told that the white board special is happy hour specials.
I pointed out that no where on the white board did it specify that there was a time that the specials were good for.
I also pointed out that it was specified at the time of order that we were getting the daily special and pointed with my finger to the white board.
The woman still charged us the $16.
She got a $0 tip.
Well Sun Asian, you just lost a big local customer.
You will never see us again.

I first have to say that the veggie eggroll is awesome!
Very few asian spots make good eggrolls.
Try it!
A friend and I met here for lunch one day, it was our first time there for the both of us, and we were presently surprised with the affordable lunch specials and quick service.
Besides the eggroll I was raving about, the food was good.
Lunch portions were decent, so the value of your dollar is good here.

This place is awesome!
The atmosphere is so relaxing and the service was great!
I had the rainbow roll and really liked it, and the prices were very reasonable.
I will definitely be coming back!

There are very few places in this area that deliver.
Sun Asian kitchen claims that you can send in an e-mail order for delivery.
I did so tonight at 5pm.
At 6pm I decided to call and see why the order was held up.
They said they don't check e-mail often and that it would be another 20 minutes.
An hour later, they called and asked if I still wanted my food.
At 7:30 (2.5 hours after I placed my order), the food finally got here.
I called and talked to the woman, and she fought with me on the phone and blamed the situation on me for saying after 2 hours that I still wanted my food.
Go down the street to PanAsia.
Better service, better food.

we ate here for dinner.
there were 3 adults.
i had the cashew chicken, my wife ordered the chicken with mixed vegetables and my brother ordered sushi rolls ( i don't eat sushi so i don't know exactly what rolls were ordered).
the food was just okay.
it was not bad or great.
we felt okay about it because the prices were reasonable.
the service was great.
the service met all our needs and even tried to tend to our 2 year old son.
that was kinda cool.
this place is not a favorite but we don't mind going back for something average, quick, and with great service.

YUCK!
ick!
ewwwww!
would be how I'd describe my lunch at Sun Asian Kitchen.
Whatever was served was albeit presentable but in terms of taste not good at all.
I ordered the wonton soup and the Honey Chicken combo (comes with a chicken eggroll, and choice of fried rice, steamed rice or lo mein, brown rice is extra).
The wonton soup had a weird taste to it, the broth was alright and the vegetables included in the soup canned.
The Honey Chicken combo arrived shortly after, and it looked promising.
And what goodness it seemed to offer ended after the first bite.
I know how to cook fried rice, and yes, fried rice is made with day old rice but what I had was the rice at the bottom of the pan, there were hard bits to it that would stick to my teeth and there was no flavor to it, as for flavor, the honey chicken had nothing close to it being honey chicken, and the dish tasted off.
It was a mess.
I was hoping to at least enjoy the chicken minus the lackluster fried rice but the fried pieces of chicken was mostly batter and less chicken.
And the sauce was just too sweet and thick that I really didn't know what I was eating hence I just stopped eating and considered my lunch a loss.
=( I agree with a yelper that sun asian kitchen is a step above fast food but if I were to compare this tragedy with Panda Express, I'd take Panda over this hot mess.
Overall my experience at Sun Asian Kitchen was bad sauce, and wouldn't recommend this place to anyone at all.
I'm sorry Sun Asian Kitchen, you're a bad news bear.

Mandarin beef with brown rice was good, i thought it could use a bit less sauce, but the beef was very well cooked, and very tender, so that I would order this meal again.
Lunch time gets busy, so I try to beat the rush.
The service is usually very quick, but today was a wait.
They brought out fried wonton chips for the wait, so kudos there.

Until we discovered Sun Asian, we were going to Pan Asia down the street.
Sun Asian is fast, friendly, and has GREAT food.
They are very attentive and friendly.
They always have our lunches out quickly as they are conscious of our time crunch.
Very good lunch specials and much less expensive than the alternative.

I adore this place!
With in walking distance of the house, delicious food (seriously, it's like my favorite Chinese restaurant from back home), and tasty drinks.
Not to mention the amazing staff!
I dropped my I.D.
there one night and didn't notice it was missing for nearly two weeks (so I had no idea where I'd lost it).
We stopped in for a late dinner one night, and not only did they still have it, but  right when I walked in the door the bartender greeted me with a big smile and said "Oh, you'r the lady who left her I.D.
here, I'll get it for you!
"  So nice, so good, and they remember their customers.
Awesome place.
I'm definitely looking forward to stopping in again!

Nice, relaxing ambiance to this place.
They serve great vegetable egg rolls and a delicious egg drop soup.
I love the hot tea they serve with your meal.
The dish I most order here is their Mongolian beef, which is outstanding.
The sauce is excellent, and I love having the green onions combined with the very tender, juicy cuts of beef.
Unfortunately, my love for their Mongolian beef has kept me choosing this dish over trying some of their others, which means I need to enlarge my dining experience here.
I have had their kung pao veggies and did not enjoy it as much as I like Autumn Court's version of the dish.
But Sun Asian is an enjoyable place, especially for lunch, and the service is very attentive.

It's OK.  Not great.
But OK.
Especially if you live in the South Mountain area where we don't have many selections of restaurants to choose from.
My favorite is the Honey Seared Chicken.
They also have a great kids menu if you have adventurous eaters like my 11 year old son.
The service is ....um....efficient...yeah....efficient... but not especially friendly.
They do have an outdoor patio which is a nice addition in the fall.

Well, I moved from Chandler (I miss it) to S. Phoenix.
Not a ton of options out here...and I need my Chinese/Sushi fix so, unless I feel like driving, Sun Asian Kitchen will do.
The good: Their Happy Hour is ridiculously affordable Their sushi is pretty darn good They deliver (yes sushi too...it's the f_cking holy grail of Delivery)  The bad: The quality of some of the ingredients.
They claim to use the "freshest" of the fresh.
Mini story - BF ordered the "Potato-Nest Beef" the other day...literally inedible.
Gross, gristly, chewy, greasy, rubbery "beef".
Awful.
One of the worst things I have ever put in my mouth...(That's what she said).
I give them three stars because they lost two on this beef dish and, also, what's with all the fake plastic flowers and vines in the restaurant and on the patio?
Keep the decor simple, tasteful and modern.
Anyway, they'll do if you need some sushi/Chinese food just stay away from the beef and the patio.

LOVE this place.. the food is always good and the happy hour prices make it very affordable to get sushi and the appetizers only and leave happy with the final bill!
The Miso soup is WONDERFUL and the sushi is actually very good with a good selection as well!
I was not happy one time with an item and they were quick to fix it and took it off my bill too!
I could eat here every night but we live too far away!

My sister and I come here all the time for sushi.
Every visit was left with a full palette and happy smiles.
Its really hard to find a good sushi joint around Phoenix and this place does the job.
The staff is always friendly and welcoming.
Happy hour prices are amazing.
Especially if your a big sushi eater the happy hour is a great time to show up.
Never had anything on the menu that was disappointing yet.
If you dont feel like eating sushi this place also has a Chinese menu.

Sun Asia is not a 5-Star restaurant, but for what it is, I give it 5 stars.
They have probably the best happy hour I have ever seen that lasts from 3pm-7pm then 9pm-Close, and is SEVEN DAYS A WEEK.
The HH menu includes single pieces of sushi for $0.99, rolls for $3, and a variety of other fried appetizers for a few bucks (including fried tofu and vegetable dumplings that are vegan friendly) in addition to a ton of cheap ass booze.
You can get a sake bomber with Kirin/Kirin Light for $3.85.
Beers (domestic and import) are under $2, cocktails are $5, and they even have scorpion bowls!
The staff has been very friendly and quick to answer questions, and the service is always quick.
The decor is totally funky inside, which I personally like.
it has a lot of character.
They also have a really nice patio that is great for beautiful days and day drinking!
Their regular menu is really expansive and I've only had the kung pao tofu, but it was really good.
They have free delivery with a $25 minimum, but only specific hours.
M-F 11a-3p/5p-8p and Sat/Sun 12-8p.
You can fax or email your order in too, which I think is pretty cool.
Delivery is from 16th ave - 48th street, Broadway to Dobbins.
Thank god we have Sun Asia because there is practically nothing else in South Phoenix.
Definitely hit this place up if you are in the area!!

This review is only of the sushi menu as I have never ordered anything off the regular menu.
This place has awesome happy hour and reverse happy hour specials.
$2 Sapporo and Kirin, 99 cent nigiri and $4 rolls.
I'm not going to lie to you, this is not sushi for sushi snobs, and I have sushi snob friends that refuse to go here.
But if you're not...I have eaten here over a dozen times and only 1 visit was the fish a little under par.
The service is quite good and the sushi comes out pretty fast.
The restaurant itself is cute and well decorated with a nice ambiance.
It is nice to have a place like this in South Phoenix with cheaper prices (and WAY better music) than the place down the road.

My review is soley based on the food, I have only had takeout here I've never dined in.
I like Sun Asian, its good for a quick meal for pick up and a better alternative to Panda Express.
I really like the honey chicken and the orange chicken, and it comes in a combo which is great.
The crab wontons are my favorite to order, full of cream cheese.
The sushi rolls are good also.

Love this place, the service is uhh unless you go there as frequent as I do where they know you and actually smile at you!
= ] food is good!
Sushi is yummy, Wonton soup  A+ Honey chicken best chicken on the menu!

I have been here 3x with the wife.
The lunch specials are awesome as well as the food.
The food is very reasonably priced.
The service is great and fast.
Nice atmosphere and clean.
It's our favorite Chinese restaurant in Az.
Try it you will not be disappointed.

We have been going to Sun Asian for years.
It's nice having a Chinese /Sushi restaurant in South Phoenix.
The staff know us as regulars and are always friendly and provide great service.
The happy hour is fantastic, and I was so pleased when they added a sushi bar.
To name a few of my favorites; I love the hot and sour soup, egg drop soup, Spicy Saigon noodles, Kung Pao Tofu, vegetable egg foo young, eel (unagi)roll, spicy tuna roll, and yellowtail.
The quality and taste is always consistently good.
My husband loves the egg rolls and spicy orange tofu, and Kung pao tofu.

Lunch Menu is awesome!
Happy hour specials are cheap!
I'm here probably once every two weeks.
I love sushi.

Sun Asian Kitchen is a great restaurant.
The place is always clean, the staff is super friendly and attentive, the food is damn good and happy hour is 3-7pm every day with some great specials for sushi, appetizers and drinks.
I am a regular here and I can't praise them enough.
I have never had a bad experience here.
If this is your first time, I'd recommend their spicy tuna rolls... delicious!
^_^

Sun Asian has won me over!
The happy hour runs from 3-7pm and is a smoking good deal.
$1 eggrolls, sushi and sashimi, and all other sorts of items all under $5.
I love the fired tofu, the beef skewers, the spring rolls and the crab puffs.
They have Kirin Light and sake and wait staff is incredibly friendly.
If I lived in the area I would find myself here more often.

Every time I have ever eaten at this establishment the food has been phenomenal.
No matter how busy the place is, the waitresses are quick, efficient and always have a smile on their face.
The sushi is fresh and never tastes fishy, and the happy hour prices work great for someone on a budget that doesn't want to skimp on the taste.
Bottom line, best place in town in my book!

I've been to Pan Asian, one of the few Chinese/Japanese/Thai(?
) places nearby.
I was looking to see how this place compared.
So, a couple quick pluses noted right away: it was smaller and more intimate, and while there were a few TVs mounted on the walls, I didn't hear them.
I could hear Asian music.
That was good--I was in a mood for quiet.
But as I waited this Sunday night to be seated, several minutes went by and no one greeted me.
And they weren't that crowded.
Finally a young man came over to seat me.
He didn't smile, barely made eye contact, and seemed more interested in watching the TV than in seating me.
And it wasn't like it was the World Series on!
So I'm seated at a quiet booth and get dinner and drink menus.
The waitress comes shortly to take my drink order.
Very nice.
No beer on tap though--only bottles.
I head to the restroom and get assailed by a smell that smells like it was backed up to a sewer pipe.
And all they have is a little air freshener device.
I don't think it's going to do it, folks.
I go back and select everything off the Japanese menu.
I order miso soup.
There a wide variety of traditional sushi rolls and some "nouveau" stuff, like the cream cheese in rolls and so forth.
I ordered a few different rolls.
The miso soup was good, with plenty of big pieces of nori.
The various rolls were well-wrapped.
Tasty, nothing particularly artistic about them.
The most interesting was one with mango on top with some sauce, that was very colorful and flavorful.
The server came around a couple times to see how things were.
So--Pan Asian may be a bit more noisy and big, but it's classier and seems cleaner and the waitstaff are more pleasant.
Seeing as they're both near each other, I'd go back there, not here

I've been here several times, and it's always been a solid experience but not phenomenal.
We've only had the sushi and appetizers which have always been good.
As a vegetarian, there aren't tons of sushi options on the menu, but they've always been pretty good.

Surprisingly good Asian food in southern Phoenix!
Nice patio, friendly, quick service and reasonably priced food...especially during happy hour.

I really love this place.
It's right down the street from my house and I've been coming here for about 4 years.
The staff recognizes my family and they are always super, super nice and attentive.
The happy hour menu is great, and happy hour runs 3-7 and after 9pm.

Tried this place for the first time tonight.
We ordered 7 different appetizers and one egg foo young.
It was a ton of food and I only paid 34 dollars.
All the appetizers were happy hour price.
I highly, highly recommend it.
In fact, I kinda wish we didn't order an entree because we got full off appetizers.
But the waitstaff was lovely and the place is a lot cheerier than you would expect.
I only knocked off a star because the booth was a little hard on the rear and the boba balls were a little mushy.
Lol at that sentence.
All in all I had a good experience.
My recommendation: squid salad!

Food is typical greasy American "Chinese" food.
Sushi is horrible, I ordered a Alaskan roll and when it was brought to me I had to ask what roll I got thinking they gave  me the wrong one.
I sent it back after they confirmed it was what I ordered.
The manager tried to harass me into getting something else or I would still have to pay for the sushi I didn't eat.
Then to make things worse my waiter asked me if I needed change when I gave him a $20 for a $8 bill and when he does give me change he gives me 2 $5.
Really?!!
Will never make the mistake of coming here again.

the food was horrible and one of our dishes was cold and the service was unbelievably atrocious.
the waitress kept rushing us and would come to the table every two sec and once we had our food and were done we sat there for what seemed to be hours for our bill.
they did not check on use to see how the food was and to be honest i would never go back.
the WORST the of all was i left a $2 tip which she should have been happy with as we were leaving she DEMANDED a bigger tip that is wrong on so many levels DONT EAT HERE!!!

Their sushi is great, highly recommend the summer roll and caterpillar roll.
The rest of the menu is average phoenix area Chinese food (meat covered in sweet gelatinous goop)

Was rushed in ordering our food, the food came out and was cold and she just threw our plates down like she was in a rush when the restaurant wasn't full at all.
After we had our food the waitress NEVER came back to fill our drinks or check and see how our food was.
We waited forever for the check, our waitress went to other tables and didn't even pay attention to us and as I said before the place was not even half full.
We didn't believe she deserved a big tip so we left her $2 and as we were getting up to go she stopped us and demanded to have a bigger tip than what we left, being frustrated we left her a $5.
Will never be going to this place again.

Went in for a late night dinner on a Wednesday.
Happy Hour runs 9pm to close.
Great prices on beer and drinks as well as several appetizers and sushi rolls.
We ordered egg rolls, shrimp tempura, egg drop soup, a philly roll & the Kung Pao Shrimp.
Everything was delicious!
There were plenty of large shrimp in my entree.
The fried rice was very good too.
The sushi roll was on the small side for $8.25.
Everything was tasty and we had leftovers.

Food 4/5: I've been to this place a few times for lunch.
Always have eaten off of their Chinese menu never went for the sushi.
Tonight I tried their sushi.
Wasn't bad but want anything spectacular at all.
Wish I got the Kung pao chicken instead.
Go here for the Chinese not the sushi  Service 4/5: these people work really hard.
They Don't seem to be organized which affected how long it took the good to arrive but they are always working hard so for ME it's hard to say anything bad.

Never had a bad lunch here and they're almost as far as fast food.
The hot mustard is killer like it should be and the help speaks Chinese which is an added plus.
Great authentic food, egg drop soup is excellent too

I have been here a few times and I enjoy Sun Asian Kitchen.
The staff here is very friendly and attentive.
The last time we came I had the orange chicken which was crispy and very tasty.
My girlfriend had the beef lo main which was also very good.
I have come here in the past for various lunches and have always had a good experience.
I recommend stopping in if you are in the area.

I was not impressed.
It was okay but it wasn't a bad experience.
The honey chicken was delicious but the sushi was average.
Nothing special there.
They do have boba tea which is nice to have.
The location is okay and in a good shopping area.
Busy though.
The food was okay and decent priced.

This place is a staple lunch spot for us.
I have rated this place highly before.
Today an order mix up became a very uncomfortable situation.
Really too bad.

This place rocks still!
Milk Tea Boba is the Highlight of my trip there and there wonton soup!
mmmmmm!

I have to admit I am pleasantly surprised by this place.
It's down on Baseline and I just don't know that I am a fan of this area.
However, my new residence is here with my love, so I need to find places where I can get some sake bombers and sushi and not become illegal whilst driving home.
I came here, honestly, because of the star rating by my fellow yelpers.
Figured the worst that could happen is being poisoned by what one should probably not eat in a desert anyway or I could find good, quality, sushi and have that close to my new home.
I love happy hour; cheap drinks and pretty good menu but not any real special rolls on the happy hour menu.
That said I find the regular menu to not be badly priced & the staff is sweet end accommodating.
I have since ordered take out Chinese and that is good too.
I'm impressed because this side if town is lacking in places to really eat that I end up liking enough to return to.
However, I am a fan!
PS- they have boba and $1 egg rolls .. Get in it.. Mushi mushi ;-)

Surprisingly great food.
The sushi is the best.
I don't feel the same for the cooked food.
I have dined here quite a few times and never ran into any issues with it.
However, I wouldn't recommend the walnut shrimp - didn't taste fresh.
The last time my hubby and I ate here, I got my sushi and a man who sat at the bar after us, ordered the same food after us, got his before my husband.
Just a really blah experience with the cooked food.
They get really really busy during lunch so you may want to come early or avoid the lunch hour.
These are the times we have had any and all issues.
The last time I ordered more sushi and it was made but never given to me.
My waiter disappeared so I had to ask the bartender for my food.
Overall the place is a great spot and I will def return!

Nice Chinese restaurant in the south Phoenix area.
I have driven past this place multiple times without knowing, it was almost hiding on me!
Came here for lunch and enjoyed some hot tea and Moo Goo Gai Pan.
A little too many mushrooms for me.
Food was tasteful and a healthy portion for the price for lunch.
Had a couple bites of pork fried rice and this was also tasty.
Staff was extremely friendly and food came out quick!
Would definitely return and would recommend if you want Chinese in this area.
Authentic and tasty!

I'll agree with a previous review not much better than fast food chinese.
Why is it Chinese restaurants tend to be dirty?
Although this one is decorated better than most I can't rate them high on the hygiene scale.
Then there was the screaming match coming from the kitchen.......
I won't be back.

I like the food.
I normally order the house lo-mein.
It has a good mixture of all the meats including shrimp.
I have also try the sushi and it was good.
I really do not like the yellow curry.
It was to thick and sticky.
But overall the food is good.

This place is so so so good You know how you get sick leaving most Asian places but never this place.
Great Happy Hour prices just hands down the best food I have had in awhile from a Asian place.

They had different verity of food and I must order the wrong one, it was a little slaty but still good, ill be back and try a different thing next time, and they have boba drinks which I love.

Love Love Sun Asian.
It's worth the drive!
I have tried many dishes but I always go back to my favorite every time, I love there Honey Shrimp!
The sauce is not to sweet just right!
I always get mine with fried rice which is always fluffy and fresh!
And if you like sushi, they have that too, very cute lil bar as you walk in :-) Also, hard working staff and they always have a smile on there face :-)

Delicious Asian food but was not impressed by the sushi.
The sushi was warm rather than cold like I like it.
We've gone here twice waiters work their booties off and give great service.
A great place to go as a group the family meal had excellent value.

Delicious!!
The food came out very quick and it was hot and fresh.
The waiters were attentive but not annoying.
I had the Shrimp Lo Mien and Orange Chicken.
The noodles were great and the shrimp was cooked perfectly.
Prob the best Orange Chicken I've had here in AZ.
My girl had the Shrimp and vegetables and I tried some and it was also very good.
Even my ice tea was good :).
I recommend this place, they have very competitive prices.
I wanted to give it four stars but :/ Just go!!

Alright - I am going to update this review because Sun Asian Kitchen is a frequent stop for me.
No it's not the best (Chinese) food I have ever eaten.
But their sushi is pretty darn great, plus they have a bar, iced mochas (not joking), Americanized Food items, and they deliver.
I recently just got their Sushi Salad (Tuna, White Tuna, Mango, Avocado, crisp lettuce, shredded carrots, cherry tomatoes and a spicy sweet sauce) and it was heaven.
I am updating my review just because of this.
I gotta give them props, since they're in South Phoenix.
We're lucky they exist out here.
You keep up the good fight Sun Asian Kitchen, and I'll ordering delivery from you (since it's hot and I am too lazy to drive).
Recommended:  Happy Hour - It's cheap Drinks - Fun times Delivery - Awesome convenience Sushi - Pretty tasty  Not: The Chinese Food (unless you do like Americanized Chinese Food)

