Madison's best breakfast food.
The Curve is an old school greasy spoon diner  with absolutely amazing breakfast food, for low prices.
It has a down-home feel and quick friendly service.
The typical breakfast fare such as a plate of bacon, eggs, potatoes, and toast is great, but some of their special's are just out of this world.
One morning they fixed me Potatoes Luigi, and it was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had.
It was a massive plate of potatoes, scrambled eggs, Italian sausage, chopped onions and green peppers all mixed together in one glorious combination.
While not on the menu, they're famous for "the homewrecker sandwich" which you can request at any time.
This sandwich is a heaping helping of breakfast ham, topped with fried eggs and melted American cheese between two thick cut pieces of toast.
Eat at the Curve, you will be back for more.

I love you Curve!
This is what greasy breakfasts are supposed to taste like!

Look.
I love a real diner/hole in the wall/greasy spoon.
But this place is just plain filthy.
God.

Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
The curve guarantees you the full stomach and send you on your way to tackle the day right.
What not to love about that!?
It's a small corner lot restaurant beloved by a lot of truck driver regulars (and regulars of other occupations as well).
I love that atmosphere.
I can always people watch and talk to a stranger at the next table as if we've known each other for a while.
My favorite is their egg dishes.
The menu is not quite vegetarian friendly, so I make mine up - 2 eggs scrambles with mushroom and onion.
The secret must have been the griddle - the egg just taste specially good!
I don't think I can recreate that flavor at home.
The pancake is HUGE.
I could only finish a 1/4 of one stack.

Beware of The Curve!
I love a good greasy spoon, but cannot understand why this place has received so many accolades.
I should have gotten the hint when the waitress informed my husband that the corned beef hash found on the menu is out of a can - but we decided to order anyway.
My omelette, The Curve Special, was bland and incredibly under seasoned.
The corned beef hash was overly creamy, under seasoned (as were the accompanying eggs), and straight up the worst my husband has ever had.
The toast was soggy, the coffee was terrible, and I feel like I was cheated out of $20.
Some reviewers have praised The Curve for the size of its portions, but honestly the portions are not exceptionally large (nor does portion size come close to making up for the blandness and low quality of the ingredients).
The menu selections are as basic as basic can get: plain eggs, maybe 3 types of omelets, plain pancakes, french toast - that's it for breakfast.
Many good "classic" diners offer a similarly stripped down menu, but again the quality of the food is just appalling here, and at least a few house specialities would be welcome.
I have yet to find a decent greasy spoon in Madison.
The best I have found so far is Three Sisters in Middleton, and even that is lacking.

I enjoy eating at The Curve occasionally; I've got a friend who lives nearby, the place has a comfortable greasy-spoon vibe, and the food isn't bad.
But you'd have to go way out on a limb to say they have the best breakfast in the city or anything of that nature.
This is standard diner fare, done pretty well, but nothing that's gonna blow your socks off.
And one has to admit that the place is a little grungy, right down to the 70's-era sign outside.
A good place for a hangover breakfast, but not if you want to impress visiting family.

I agree with Mio S. that breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
And I will tell you that the 1/3 lb.
burger with American fries (read: hash browns cooked in bacon grease) was absolutely the right way to start off my day post-Freakfest.
It's a dive with cheap, wonderfully greasy food and an old-school style; short stools surround a u-shaped counter, there are some tables, and you might have to work for service, but overall it's friendly and perfect for preempting or sopping up those tipsy nights.
The only downers: Spotty hours (whenever food runs out or the owner/cook gets bored) & CASH ONLY!

Short:  Possibly one of the worst diners I've ever been to.
Let me start by saying that there are a few small things that the owners/operators could do to dramatically raise the quality of this place.
These things would add little/no operating costs.
Service (1/5...poor): I came in on a Saturday, it was busy and I expected service to be a little slow and it was.
I don't fault them for that.
I was quickly served coffee but it took literally 10 minutes to get cream for it and instead of milk/cream/half-half they provide a premixed disgusting non-dairy creamer.
Even McDonalds serves real cream.
I ordered the special omelet and asked to add sausage into my omelet.
The waitress rudely pointed to the bottom of them menu where it stated that no substitutions were allowed for sausage, bacon or ham.
I pointed to the part where it said "addition ingredients $0.60" and that I didn't want to substitute, I wanted to add.
She said she'd have to charge me $3.00 for an order of sausage, mind you that the difference in price between a cheese omelet and a sausage omelet is only $1.50 and that the $0.60 was for mushrooms/onions/peppers/etc not meat.
I said i would pay the $1.50 to add sausage, but she wouldn't back down and got quite upset.
Food:  Large portion size but poorly cooked.
It must have been the equivalent of a 4-5 egg omelet, however the onions, green peppers, and mushrooms in the omelet were completely raw.
This was quite unpleasant.
The american fries cooked like hashbrowns were quite good, however they weren't seasoned at all.
A little salt and pepper during cooking would go a long way.
The coffee was TERRIBLE.
I'm not expecting starbucks or fresh roasted coffee, but Folgers coffee is better than the stuff they served.
I can't believe with all the coffee roasters in Madison, they couldn't serve a better cup.
Atmosphere: It's a diner, I don't go there for atmosphere nor really care.
Value: Had the vegetables in the omelet been cooked and the coffee better, it would have been a good value, not great, but good.
$11 for an omelet and coffee in a diner is a little high but not excessive.
Simple area's of improvement: Cook the vegetables in your omelets State the price of adding extra meats to omelets Better coffee Cream or half-half Season the hashbrowns/fries Remove the Visa/Mastercard sticker on your door if you're not going to accept it

This place offers no pretentions, but tons of great food.
Portions are huge, and prices are good.
As other reviewers have said, it wears its badge of 'greasy spoon' with pride, I think, and the cook and waitress have plenty of personality, talking and joking with regulars and newbies alike, and making sure you never see the bottom of your coffee cup.
I had today's special--a crazy-big portion of corned beef hash.
One of my favorite things to order at a place like this, and I've never had it quite like The Curve made it--homemade american fries with a shredded corned beef, red pepper and some chopped greens made the whole thing so creamy and flavorful.
The kind of dish I wish I could sit there all day and finish eating, but alas, I had to surrender near the end.
I'll definitely stop back in next time I'm in town--the omelets I saw get served down the counter looked pretty darn good.

Great old school, cheap breakfast place.
Small standard menu you can't really go wrong on, hit up the cinnamon raisin toast too.

Yeah its a dive.
Most definitely.
But its cheap as hell and they make some mean pancakes.
Opens at 6, unlike most other spots.

had a great breakfast there yesterday(1/07/13)--both ordered the biscuit/gravy special that comes with 2 eggs and hashbrowns.
Sunny side eggs were cooked perfectly, hashbrowns were crispy homemade shreds of tasty potatoes, the biscuits/gravy were kinda different with a brown gravy filled with sausage and biscuits were unique and all was great Its just a casual diner with a waitress and cook that both are good at what they do--will stop again next time n Madtown

I'll give it four for the food.
On my visit I found the service average and the resturante barely clean enough.
I will visit again though....;

I love diners, and I love breakfast out on the weekends.
I would love to like this place.
Food was decent.
Service was not.
And it is simply a VERY dirty place.
If they spent a half-day cleaning it, and suggested to servers to greet people and smile occasionally it would improve drastically.

friendly atmostphere, seems like a lot of locals but was very nice to non regulars to being me food was good but there only open till 1 pm

Generous portions, does all the basic breakfast items right (e.g.
pancakes, eggs  etc.
) Their burger is pretty good as well.

The Curve is a Madison gem!
I would call this place a diamond in the rough because you can't simply judge based on appearances.
Once inside, you will experience the greatness of true American diner food.
Do not expect a frou-frou breakfast or lunch but instead an excellent but basic American menu.
This diner serves hands down the best French toast I have ever tasted!
If you enjoy poached eggs, make sure to come before 9AM; otherwise you will have to get them basted (just as delicious).
I would also recommend their omelettes, especially for you Wisco chedder lovers.
Keep an eye out for their home-made corned beef hash as a special on the weekend.
I wish this were offered more consistently but totally worth ordering if on special  Do not order corned beef hash during the week though because it's not home-made and probably from a can.
If you're craving lunch, the burgers are a must!
I would rate this place in the top 5 for Madison's best cheeseburgers.
This place is perfect for those who are looking for their regular, weekly diner.
Bring Cash!

The Curve is an institution in Madison, a pseudo-townie secret greasy spoon not far from the UW campus.
They serve no-frills breakfast and lunch for shockingly low prices, and the coffee is hot and always pouring.
The waitress calls you "sweetheart," and fastidiously makes sure that she has every detail of your order correct and that your coffee mug is always full.
There are always a few copies of the State Journal floating around the place for customer perusal.
While I have very little inclination to eat sweets, I love their savory breakfasts.
They always remember that I want my scrambled eggs cooked until they're dry, and their homemade corned beef hash (served only as a special; the kind that's always on the menu is not homemade, a smaller portion, and not as flavorful) is to die for.
They don't have a ton of choice in toast options, and make sure to tell them when you're ordering if you don't want your toast buttered.
The waitress and head chef must work in a flow state, as I've never noticed them miss a step, even when the restaurant's full and kids are running around.
They keep calm and take care of everything quickly; I've never had to wait more than 30 seconds for a to-go box (and you can definitely use one on their larger breakfasts), or for one of them to make change.
The orange juice isn't the best, though, so I'd skip it unless it's a necessity for you.
All in all, my favorite place to go for a solid breakfast (though they do serve lunch, too) without the circus aspect of navigating my way through hungover UW students.
One important note: they're CASH ONLY, so make sure you visit an ATM before you go.

Great food & service.
Portion large.
A little pricey: food and coffee was $10 .

A great stop here in Madison.
This is clearly a locals favorite.
If your looking for a good diner with lots if food and good service, this is your spot.
The decor is simple and reminds you of "middle America".
The waitress was very friendly and accommodating to our slightly complicated ordering.
It is cash only so be sure to stop by an ATM if need be.
Overall, great experience.

I gotta give the 3 people working credit for working hard, because they do.
But they need 2-3 more people to make this place work well.
Service was SLOW.
Food was mediocre.
When asking for eggbeaters we were told it was too busy to offer them (they come in box pre-prepared so not sure why they are too difficult).
Actually this place deserves a 2-3 star, but I have to give them a 1 star to get their average down so people know what they're getting into.
I would not return.

Sometimes, you want a big plate of food.
A BIG plate of food.
Food that tastes good, but also soaks up the booze boiling in your stomach, or to prepare for the day ahead without pretense.
The waitress will take care of you, as long as you don't bullshit too long.
This is not the place to worry about whether or not your breakfast is gluten free or vegan-friendly.
This is the place when you want to hunker down in your carhartts, fill your belly, and smile at your neighbors.
It's ok. No one will bite you.
And that omelette you ordered?
Be prepared to feel guilty for not finishing it.

Quote spoken upon grabbing a seat at the bar; "Uhhhh...when I go out to a greasy spoon place for breakfast, I don't actually want to SEE grease on my spoon!
"  This place is filthy.
Dirty, dirty, dirty!
Couldn't even finish half of my breakfast for fear of what kind of dirt and grime,(bugs!
) were lurking in the areas of the kitchen that I couldn't see.
I am by no means a germo-phobe but, I could not get over the filth of the dining area, what I saw behind the counter, and the kitchen sight lines.
A little elbow grease combined with soap, water and sanitizer could go a long way!
I just can't understand how this place wins Madison best of polls, routinely.
Too bad, I was hoping this could be my neighborhood breakfast place, it will not be!

This is the only genuine small-town diner in town (Monty's comes close) and one of my favorite places to grab breakfast.
It's a little dirty and the food's only good enough.
Why 5 stars?
Friendly staff and a total lack of pretentiousness.
They don't ask you for a preference on coffee blend or toast variety - and I like that.
The vibe is casual and relaxed.
Other patrons aren't hip but they're plenty friendly.
Bring cash, tip well.
Long live the local diner.

This place is a lot like a darker, moodier Mickies Dairy Bar:  Total dive, a little unkempt, greasy spoon, diner.
Food is great, particularly if you enjoy pancakes that size of manhole covers.
I am always a big fan of bacon cheeseburgers served during breakfast time, and this place has great burgers!
Sometime this spring I plan to take my son there-the place is kid friendly enough, and the price certainly is right.

The Curve rocks!
This quaint, cozy little diner is in a great location, their prices are very reasonable, everyone is so nice and the food is fantastic!
Whether you have breakfast or lunch, everything is delicious.
EVERYTHING!
(I especially LOVE their hamburgers!
I am hooked).
You can either carry out or dine in.
Either way, you will not go wrong going to The Curve, you'll be glad you did!

We have been going to the Curve for many years on Park .
I go there for  the food and not the ambience.
The breakfasts are great the spuds are best in town.
Also the Hamburgers are wonderful .
The staff are friendly , always with a cheery Hello, and also a nice come back soon.
Having lived in Madison wi.
For all of my life.I have traveled a lot and this is what I look for ,it is just like getting off the I- system and hitting the small towns I am 75 so I just might think and look at things a little different.
Keep your eyes up and don't look at floor so much.

Best breakfast I have ever had!!!!
Everything was from scratch...unheard of anymore...but so incredibly good!!!
Always good, but best when Bill is cooking.
The portions are huge and the prices are low.
Eclectic patrons.
Diner definitely has no frills, but the food is incredible!
Closes by 1pm everyday so make it there early.
The inside is a bit run-down and cramped, but the food is the best you will find anywhere!
It is always busy so cleaning is done quickly...so you may find a utensil that the washing machine missed a spot...just let the waitress know and she will quickly apologize and replace it with fresh silverware.
I whole-heartedly recommend this place for breakfast (only eaten breakfast here).
My husband and I actually have cravings for the food here....sooooo good!!!
Cash ONLY!

