Like most Sam's Clubs.
Friendly staff and samples everywhere.

This Sam's Club is what you have come to expect from a Sam's Club...All the usual stuff, and perhaps even more "sample" people than usual.
This one has a pharmacy, eye care area, wireless kiosk, and hot dog food stand.
However, back East, the Sam's Clubs have automated VRUs so you can order Rx refills over the phone.
This one doesn't.
What gives?

Who doesn't love saving money on great deals.
We stock up on bulk meats and cut our own steaks.
SO Yummy, thank goodness for the food saver.
Just recently we invested in a meat grinder to make our own hamburger.
Way less fat and we can get alot of steaks, a roast and hamburger from a good chunk of meat.
We do the pork shoulders too.

Just moved out here from Houston where there were alot of Sams Clubs.
Always had great service so was excited to see if Phoenix kept up the same quality of customer service.
Well, good news is that it felt like home here.
People were very friendly.
Inventory was just as I expected and am happy that I will have the same level of service as I had always received at Sams.
Thank you and will be returning often!

This was not my first trip To Sam's, but it may be my last.
First I was treated to a circus in the parking lot (carts!
My God the carts!).
Second, just moments after entering I was accosted by the DirecTV guy.
(for the 1000th time, I don't want DirecTV!
) Then came the barrage of carney-like sample pushers.
"Would you like to smell this roach spray?
" "Would you like try these horribly disgusting liquid vitamins?
" (Remember when it used to be fun to get free samples?
)   The next assault came at the checkout.
"Do you know about our membership plus?
" Guess what?
I don't want it.
"Do you want the extended warranty on the $50 fan you're buying?
Membership plus automatically extends the warranty.
" Guess again, I still don't want it!
"Would you like to buy the two year extended warranty for just $20?
" Dear God in heaven, can I please just pay and get the heck out of this store!?
"Would you like to save on future purchases by applying for the Sam's Club MasterCard?
" I'm going to have to start pretending I don't speak English so these people will leave me the hell alone.
Desperate to launch one last salvo against my sanity, before leaving I had to wait in an unreasonably long line so an unpleasant woman could scribble on my receipt with a green marker and wave me along like so much cattle.
She literally said, "keep it moving" and waived me toward the door with that smug palm-up half wave tour guides use to keep you on the path.
I would have complied had it not been for the gauntlet of abandoned carts between me and the door, including one of the motorized variety which had stalled directly in my path.
I have always preferred Sam's Club to Costco (where I also have a membership) because it's less busy and generally less of a hassle.
However, if they're going to make it this much work for me to shop there, count me out.

Recently purchased pork shoulder Boston butt from Sam's and the package was not properly marked.
The package didn't indicate that the product was bone in.
This package of meat sold for$2.48/lb.
Same product from Frys sells for$1.99/lb.
I don't see the discount savings.
I called manager and was told product came from vendor and Sam's had no control over labeling,  of course manager didn't offer to give me a credit for my purchase.
That was nearly $5.00 difference,  guess I'll have to be more vigilant of what I purchase from Sam's in the future.

Sam's is definitely cheaper compared to Costco and Sam's is more conveniently located as well (Even though I have to admit Costco is nicer).
I have been coming here for years and some of the staff recognize me from time to time.
Especially Miss Nancy who takes care of the fuel area which I frequent quite a bit.
There have been times where the wait to check out has been crazy as they would only have may three lanes open and the lines backed up.
So make sure you bring your patience here as people can get a little testy when the lines get long.

