NIce shop, all the brands of clothes, gear, shoes, sunglasses you would expect from a skateboard shop.
took the place of Plush, which i'm still bitter about : (

The cowtown folks rock.
They are reasonably priced, have a great board selection, and if you ever need a walk down memory lane they have a great "skateboard museum" hanging all around the store.
The staff always has great tips on skate spots and are really helpful when you're putting together a new deck.
I especially like the lounge area where they always have a decent skate vid playing.
They also understand it's rough out there so if you happen to need to sell a classic deck and are a good customer, they might let you buy it back when your funds get back in order.
Dont see much of that any more.

I am a newbie who stopped by with questions about which skateboard to get.
They answered all my questions (without making me feel like the newbie I was).
They let me try a few boards, and I walked out with one I like.
Here is the good part - after I got home, I did a search on the board I bought.
I paid $159.
The same board on the internet was $159-$209.
So, they had prices that matched the best internet prices.
Would definitely go to these guys again.

It's certainly counterintuitive to write a review on a skateboard shop.
It would seem that some of the customers, because of their counterculture philosophy, wouldn't read about popular trends... that said, I must commend the customer service that I received today.
I visited Cowtown Skateboards to pick up some Christmas gifts for my 13-year-old son/skateboarder.
These guys helped me understand without making me feel ignorant and gave me some smoking deals and some extra goodies.
They loaded stuff in my car and offered me packing materials and additional support.
What a great experience at Cowtown Skateboards!
Bravo, boys.
See you next time I'm back in Tempe!

Sneaker collector, no im not a skater haven't skated since i was a teen, i mainly hit Cowtown in avondale for Nike Sb releases and thats the only reason i go there.
Ive only been to this Tempe location once and not coming back.
Cool shop, cool merchandise, some of the employees have crappy F-U / I-never-got-a-hug-from-daddy type attitudes.
Its a skate shop with late 20 something year olds who still rent a room at mom and dads, i dont blame them.. Also called today about a shoe release for this saturday.
I asked if they knew the retail price for these yet '..No".
Also, if they anticipated this being a popular release and if they suggest i show up early... "idk, do what you want to do" ...peace out, enough of my time wasted..
I just hung up the phone..  Called Cowtown Avondale right after, asked the same thing, and the employee pretty much broke down every QS release they've had in the history of that store and ultimately told me that if it was a shoe that i just had to get, that i was welcome to show up as early as i'd like...APPLAUSE!!
Quick 3 mins of useful information with a sense of great customer service.
ALL I WANTED IN THE FIRST PLACE.

