This is actually no longer the Wyndham, it is a Renaissance now.
While the hotel looks nice and the rooms are modernly decorated, the walls are PAPER THIN.
I always expect a little bit of noise staying in a hotel, but when the person in the next room is talking at a normal volume at 2am, I shouldn't wake up thinking there is a person in my room.
Every word said in the neighboring rooms could be heard, including the "you look sexy in red..." conversation.
Even though I have no complaints about the other aspects of my stay, I wouldn't stay here again.
Also, Wi-fi is $13 a day.

This hotel has such a beautiful lobby.
I came here with several friends for the Homebase Poetry Open Mic 3 Year anniversary {1/15/12}.
We were hungry so we went downstairs to the bar for a snack.
It didn't start off well when the bartender let us know many of the items on the menu weren't available for consumption.
Uh oh....the looks on my friend and my faces could have killed him, lol.
I think he spent the rest of the night trying to make it up to us!
We settled on fries, some of us had regular, some of us had sweet potato.
Both were tasty.
The spicy sauce that came with the sweet potato fries was really yummy!
I used that alone to finish off my fries.

We stay here for layovers as airline crew.
It is a clean, quiet hotel.
Many rooms have been updated with nice linens, Aveda toiletries & flat screen tvs.
Outdoor pool is normally in the shade of the building.
:(  Good size gym with plenty of modern cardio equipment, 5-6 weight machines & some free weights.
The mexican food restaurant across the street, The Matador, is not good!
Their is one a few blocks away called Sams Cafe on 3rd that is great!
Nice patio, great chips & salsa.
The concierge can give you a map.
There is a CVS drug store a few blocks away in case you forget any toiletries.

Amazing time!
Great location and very friendly staff.
Rooms are modern and the room service (get the pizza) was actually amazing!!!!!!
Great price for what you get!!!!!
Very impressed.

Drink all day, play all night, let's get it bumpin'!
We're in Phoenix, Trick!
Here's what I think about this hotel.
Pros: 1.
Centralized location in downtown Phoenix.
It's close to Arizona State University, Phoenix Convention Center, Chase Baseball Field, US Airways Arena...etc.
It's also close to bars, clubs, and other nightlife activities.
Close to public Transportation - Right across the street from the hotel is the Light Rare (3.50/day to majority of the city and to Scottsdale)  3.
Friendly Staff.
Bruce from the Concierge Desk was really helpful in finding us stuff to do in the area.
Food - The hotel gave us complimentary breakfast buffet (Marriott Gold Perk) in the morning at Mastro's Cafe.
They serve a pretty high quality buffet that runs 17/person.
It didn't make me feel so bad about the valet parking.
Renovated - Newly renovated in all the right places.
The rooms are nicely done and so is the lobby.
Really posh.
The corridors need work though.
Cons: 1.
Work in progress - It looks like they're working as quickly as they can to give this place a facelift.
The lobby is really nice, the rooms are freshly renovated, but the corridors smell old like grandma.
Parking - Valet only and 23/night.
That's excluding the 3 dollar tax they hit you with for parking there.
Ouch!
Overall, I thought this place was pretty good.
It might be a little on the pricy side, but you'll get your money's worth.
I would probably come back, if I'm ever in Phoenix again.
Here's a secret for Marriott Gold Members.
If you go up to 18th floor, they have unguarded snacks (cookies, trail mix, candy, etc) and beverages (sodas, bottled water, juice, Arizona Ice Teas, Coffees, etc.
) laying around.
*winky*  A little about my credentials: I just an average joe, that travels a lot for business and pleasure.
I'm an Elite Premier member for United, Gold Member for Marriott, and Gold Member for Hilton Honors Reward.
I usually book hotels in the range of 130-160/night depending on location, amenities, and the year the hotel was built/renovated.
I'm a pretty reasonably easy person to cater and I don't have very high expectations out of anyone.

Nice location (close to convention center); great staff, but falls down in other areas.
Understand Marriott just took over this property -- they need to update NOW.
Appears the building has the potential to be a lovely art nouveau type, but is run down.
The exercise room is better than average; the concierge room on the 18th floor has water, coffee, soft drinks and snacks (nuts, cookies) available 24/7.
However, we're getting tired of staying at Marriott properties that need to be updated --  and are thinking of changing our loyalties.

Expensive but I LOVE it!
Look, I am a Marriott rewards member, and while the rooms are expensive they are really nice, the 17th floor was awesome (by the way it goes from 12 to 14....like 14 isn't really 13 at that point).
The breakfast had fresh fruit, and not the cheap melon stuff, the actual strawberry, raspberry and pineapple.
I am a loyal rewards member and have yet to stay in a bad hotel!

I have stayed at this hotel probably more than 250+ nights since 1995.
It's been a Crowne Plaza, Holiday Inn, Wyndham, and now a Marriott.
What hasn't changed is the irreplaceable proximity to everything business, entertainment, and sports in Phoenix.
There's no better location to downtown than this.
It's been remodeled several times and still needs some updating.
Until recently there was a Starbuck's on the ground floor - now about a block away.
Rates in the high season can be high but in Phoenix in January who isn't prepared to pay more for the fantastic weather.
Since becoming a Marriott rates have increased - that irks me.
But off season rates for great rooms can be very reasonable.
I've always found the staff to be very accommodating and receptive to working with you on better rates.
For years my complaints have not changed.
Valet parking at the hotel is too expensive and TV selection is poor.
I'm not sure why management doesn't do something about these deficiencies.
Everything is a trade off.
There are more modern hotels.
More luxurious hotels, better gyms, better pools, better room service.
But all for a higher price.
Generally, this is a great place to hotel.
Location, location, location.
Nothing beats this hotels proximity to everything Phoenix.

Front desk: First impression: Not so good.
The lady who checked us in could've at least put a smile on her face or pretend she was happy.
It did not give me a good vibe of the staff.
I had a few questions with the location and where to find restaurants and she could've given me a map, but didn't.
She gave me street names as if I were suppose to know where it is right off the back.
Our hotel room was nice but with a terrible view of an abandoned building.
No one wants to be looking out a window at an abandoned building.
Comes 8:45pm and we get a knock on the door of a NOISE COMPLAINT.
Ok, first of all, there were only three of us in the room.
We had music coming from our PHONES not even the radio they had in the room.
And that was a NOISE complaint?
Really?
At least what they could've done was tell the people who are complaining that it's still early and if it goes on after 11pm, then they can come and tell us something, but seriously, that early and a Friday night?
That did it for me right there.
I'm never coming back to this hotel.
The service is terrible.
Location sucks too.
Only good thing is it's next to the light rail.
Other than that, no good restaurants nearby.
I would the extra bucks to stay elsewhere.

I did some research, came across this hotel and booked a room for 2nites.
It's a really classy, posh hotel conveniently located in the heart of downtown Phoenix.
The room we stayed in was very spacious , clean and had an ok view of the city.
There was a problem with the toilet and when I informed the maintenace department about it someone came by and took care of it right away.
There is also a Light Rail station conveniently located in front of the hotel.
That is a great way to get around and it is very affordable.
You can purchase a day pass or a one-way pass.
There aren't too many restaurants around the hotel.
I went to a Thai restaurant and that was ok.
The one major problem I had at this hotel was the level of customer service I experienced by one of the servers at the restaurant in the Lobby level (Mastro's Cafe).
We went there for breakfast one morning and we just stood there for a good 5 minutes or so waiting to be seated.
There were many tables available, but no one acknowledged our presence or greeted us,..so we seated ourselves.
We were ready to order something to drink and we waited and waited and waited.
There were 2 servers working that morning and after what seemed like an eternity I waved my hand to get the attention of one of the servers.
When I did a different server quickly came by and her first words to me were not "Good Morning" or "What can I get you?
", but instead it was "Geez!
Gimme a minute to get to you...It's early in the morning..I'm coming!
" I was shocked by her unprofessional demeanor and unpleasant energy.
Then she comes back and asks if this is going to be one one or two seperate checks.
I explained to her that when we made the reservations we purchased the breakfast package, but rather than listen to what I was trying to explain until I was finished she rudely cut me off in the middle of my sentence and asked me again in a very forceful, condescendning tone "One check or two?".
So I told her "one".
She then comes back a few minutes later and tones down her attitude and asked me if I had purchased the breakfast package.
I said "Thats what I was trying to explain to you and you cut me off so I never was able to finish explaining that to you.
" At this point I left my table to have a word with the manager.
He was super professional, nice and calm and apologizeed for the inconvenience.That afternoon when we came back to our room there was a nice platter or cheese, biscuits and two bottled waters along with an apology note.
All the other hotel employees that I came across at this hotel were very warm, helpful and hospitable.
The food at the restaurant was great.
There were an assortment of fresh fruits, bread, eggs, meat, cheese & yogurt.
Dinner at this restaurant was outstanding and the night staff was EXCEPTIONAL!!
Jackie was our server & she was a ROCKSTAR!!
Jackie and the rest of the crew working that night all get GOLD STARS!!
Other than that incident we enjoyed our stay there.
But that one employee really left me wondering what kind of customer service training this hotel offers to it's staff.
Clearly she does not belong in the Hospitality Industry.
If you do decide to stay at this property just be aware that (like some other Yelpers have mentioned) that the level of customer service is not all that great.
There is a lot of room for improvement!

I love the Renaissance brand of hotels with their classy elegance added to the Marriott brand's practicality.
This one had a lovely lobby with an adjacent wine bar that looked very sleek and modern.
However, once we stepped into the elevators, the hotel started to reveal its true age.
The rooms were decent but obviously well worn.
The service we received from the staff was acceptable, but nothing special.
I did not visit any of the restaurants but we did order room service for breakfast.
Those ricotta pancakes the other reviewers raved about were not all that.
They also only gave us one set of silverware and and one cup even though we ordered a large pot of coffee and two entrees.
Hello?
I think the Hyatt or Westin nearby would be better options if you are looking for a nice hotel in downtown Phoenix.
Especially if you want to use the pool.
The one here was very lame and had no amenities whatsoever.
They also charged you to use their wi-fi.
I hate it when hotels do that.

This place used to be a Holiday Inn and various other hotels before becoming a Renaissance apparently.
The lobby area is very pretty but the rest of the hotel could do with a refurb.
The elevators drove me crazy in this hotel as more often than not some were out of service.
On my last day at the hotel there was only one in service which led to huge lines on every floor.
The service was excellent and the check in experience was good.
I got the impression that the maids actually did clean the rooms rather than just tidy them up.
There's no safe in the room so you'd better find a good place to hide your laptop!
The room was a little dark (which is crazy considering the intense sunshine) and cramped.
The internet was $12.95 a day and worked well most of the time.
The pool area is small and looks like something from a Super 8 Motel that you see on the side of a Freeway with signs like "Free HBO" and "Free breakfast (donuts)".
In summary, on balance I'd probably look to stay elsewhere if I was ever in PHX again but for a few days it wasn't the end of the world.

I had a two night stay at this location.
Check in is at 4pm, check out is at 11am.
It seems that the hotel is under the process of slowly renovating itself?
I don't know.
But I guess the lower floors are more modern and new, while the upper floors are older.
I came here with a group of classmates, we reserved two queen bedrooms with 3 people in each room.
We arrived around 2pm, and the room I was in was not ready, but the other group's room was.
We go up to their room on the 16th floor so we could leave our bags in there while we wait, and they were given a junior suite.
It's nice and spacious, and it included a sofa, coffee table, breakfast table for four, the two queen beds, fridge & freezer---the works.
After seeing the room THEY got, we were super excited to see our room!
Once our room was finally ready, we headed down to our room on the 12th floor, and to our disappointment, we found that we just had a regular room.
Womp, womp.
To me, it seemed pretty small, there wasn't much room for us three girls and our luggage.
The room was supplied with Aveda products (shampoo, soap, etc.
), so that was nice.
The only downside for me was that the room DID NOT  COME with a fridge ._.
Hello, we bought all this alcohol at CVS and we didn't have a fridge to cool it in.
Well, I was verbally complaining about it to my friends in the hallway ("I don't understand, I went to a $75 motel in EAST LA, and THEY had a fridge for us, wtf?!
"), and one of the bellmen happened to overhear.
I felt bad that he had heard us (or me) complaining, but it worked to our advantage, because he hooked us up with a fridge and stocked it with apple juice and cranberry juice.
I basically liked everything about this hotel, except for the fact that the elevator made me nauseous... and also because it didn't come with a fridge!
... and you have to pay for wi-fi!...and they did not have a jacuzzi (but I guess it makes sense that they don't have one since Phoenix is HOT)...  Boo!

The customer service here was great!!
Was in town for my boyfriends birthday and they made it extra special for him by sending up a card signed by all the staff AND a cheesecake with ice cream.
I would stay here again in a heart beat just because of the friendliness alone.
The hotel itself was very nice, clean and modern.
No complaints here.

The nicest bathroom I have ever poo'd in!

Great hotel.
Whenever I get to check in early at a hotel that always gets points for me.
10am check in.
Nice staff.
Stayed twice and got an older suite once and a newer smaller room the second time.
They seem to be upgrading everything there.
Walking distance to the arena and Chase field.

Beautiful downtown property with amazing guest rooms

My one star is based on price compared to quality.
In addition to kind of a dumpy place with too many staff asking what they can do for me.
they charge about $12 for internet and $25 for parking.
Honestly, for the $200 it costs to stay there, you would think they could improve the smell in the hallways too.

Nicely appointed room with desk containing numerous electrical and digital ports for business travel.
Comfy, large beds.
Storage is good.
Fan in the bathroom would be nice for shower moisture.
That said, the sink can get super hot, but the shower never got above lukewarm.
All in all a nice hotel downtown.

I honestly cried when I checked out.
I spent my birthday weekend here.
A staycation.
I had done some work for the hotel, and got a room for two nights as pay.
(This means I didn't pay $$ for it.
It wouldn't have made a difference of my review, though.
I would have paid for this!
) I had arranged for a happy hour gathering with friends.
I barely got out of my car at the valet, before I heard people telling me "Happy birthday, Amy!
" (Some said "Fab," too.
) I got the cutest birthday card, too.
Make sure you tell them if it's a special occasion!
I was checked in promptly and when I walked into the room, it just felt really comfortable.
The decor and furnishings are masculine, but not overbearingly so.
I had a leather wall!!!!
The first thing I tested, of course, was the bed.
Super comfy with tons of pillows.
It was just me, so I drowned in pillows.
There's a nice working area as well, with wifi.
It's $12/day, which is what other hotels charge, too.
I had no problems with the speed or connectivity, either.
The staff here is nothing short of amazing.
As soon as I asked for something, I got it.
I ate at both Marston's and the ICON lounge, and the food was amazing!
The chef uses some of his grandmother's recipes, and they've certainly stood the test of time.
The Renaissance also uses locally-produced food as much as possible.
Tammie Coe, anyone?
They are ambassadors to Downtown Phoenix, and out-of-towners will always get great advice on things to do while in the area.
Go check it out.
Spend some time there.
Oh, and say hi to Rhonda in the ICON lounge.
She's worked there for over 30 years!

This was a lovely hotel.
The staff was very friendly.
I was offered access to their lounge on the 19th floor "Elevate".
The lounge was impressive.
Breakfast consisted of fresh blueberries, pineapple, raspberries etc... including savory items and pastries.
The lounge staff was incredible at Elevate.
I commented to one of the staff members, Albert, during snack time that I was gluten intolerant.
He told me to come back for appetizers at 5:30, the chef specially made me delicious gluten free sliders and min tacos.
Kudos to Albert!
I have worked in the hospitality industry for 14 years and it's the little touches and going the extra mile really makes your experience special.
So I would like to say thank you for making my stay special.

For the most part it's a good stay, just not up to par with other Renaissance locations I've stayed at.
I pick Marriott hotels because they're reliable and you know what you're getting.
For this Renaissance, I have to say I expected better for my business stays.
Each time I've been to this hotel, something has gone wrong.
Whether it's they've cleaned only half the room, forgotten to provide towels or the room service isn't good.
I don't recommend the room service.
Each time, it's just not good food.
Go out and get something.
I didn't eat at the restaurant, so I can't rate that.

So this was a converted property...less than a year old since Marriott's purchase.
Great service, particularly in the new concierge lounge (open since Dec. 2012).
Renovations look well done, but be prepared for small rooms and worn carpeting.
Overall, I'd stay here again primarily because of the service (and lower price vs. the airport Marriott).
Clean, comfortable, etc...your average Marriott trying to be European, but the folks there really do try hard and want you to come back.
Why stay there....because it's downtown, service is fantastic and price.
Why stay somewhere else...because you want to be outside downtown or you're your a Starwood Platinum.

Great clean hotel in downtown Phoenix, 1 block from the Convention Center.
Fantastic reception staff.
Clean rooms.
Good shower pressure and temperature control.
Comfortable beds.

I was recently in Phoenix for a 2-day business trip and chose to stay at the Renaissance because of it's proximity to where I needed to be in the afternoons and because they had competitive rates compared to the hotels in the surrounding area.
When I arrived, I was welcomed by very warm staff offering to take my bags and check me in.
After passing over my ID/CC for incidentals, I was unfortunately greeted by a manager who informed me that they were actually oversold and didn't have a room available for the first night.
They offered me a meeting room space w/ a roll-away cot for the evening-- I accepted having been so tired from a long day of flying.
It was a really uncomfortable night with quite a bit of tossing and turning.
However, they comped me the night and offered me access to their elevate lounge for my entire stay at the top of the hotel.
It was absolutely beautiful and I cannot begin to tell you how amazing the staff were.
They were extremely polite, friendly and personable and because of them, you might see me back at the Renaissance.
My second night, I received a room.
It wasn't anything special, but just what I needed.

Located in downtown Phoenix, this hotel is a great place to meet after hours during a conference at the convention center.
It's only a couple of blocks away and I have come here often to meet clients in the lobby to have a few drinks and go over contracts and proposals.
Being a local resident, I've never stayed in the rooms and can only comment on the public areas.
The lobby has a cool, modern look to it.
Very clean and upscale.
It's the perfect vibe for conducting business and gets them in the mood to get the deal done.
I've found that the vibe/decor of a meeting place can help or hurt your business deals and can affect people's attitude towards the subject matter being discussed.
The reason why I give this place 4 Stars is because in my experience they've helped me through a few successful negotiations and my clients have always commented on how nice the staff and hotel rooms are.
The lobby has several areas where you can conduct business and maintain a semi-private conversation while remaining comfortable.
That's key to me.
As long as this place continues to deliver the goods, I'll keep coming back.
When the other hotels closer to the convention center sell out, I always recommend this place as an alternative to clients visiting from out of town.
So far, it hasn't disappointed them and that means I'm happy too.
Return Factor - 90%

Nice hotel, bar and conference venue.
The rooms are above-average for the business traveler.

I live downtown Phx and absolutely love the community street parties here, local art shows, organic market food and the list goes on.
Great to have this as part of the neighborhood!
If I ever had a need to stay in the rooms I'm sure I would give it a 5 star rating.
Well done!

Great Hotel downtown Phoenix!
I'm very impress with their concierge lounge quality and best of all its staffing = Top notch!
They remember my name every time I came by.

Excellent location, top-notch service, decor.

I stayed here twice, during June and July 2013, while I was in the process of locating to Phoenix.
So many of these reviews have aptly described the lobby.
It is beautiful!
If you are hungry they have a nice restaurant and food available at the lobby bar late in the evening.
I ate breakfast at the restaurant and it was delicious!
The waitress was awesome, providing excellent service.
She went out of her way to help me with my order.
Good downtown location if that is what you are looking for.
I found the area a little deserted at 9:00 PM, but again, this is a business area.
The room was very nice, and the beds super comfortable.
I would recommend this hotel.

I stayed at this Renaissance back when it first became a Marriott property..and then again recently.
I have to say that it has come a LONG way!
It is a very typical Renaissance as far as decoration and style goes.
Great lobby.
I was upgraded to a suit and I have to say that it was exceptional.
Modern and great decorating.
Because I stay over 100 nights a year at Marriott properties, I had access to the lounge on the 19th floor and I have to say that the lounge was the nicest lounge I have experience at a Marriott property.
Not only because it was modern, clean, and very well equipped and decorated, but the evening food that they put out was 2 steps about what you would usually get.
Breakfast was pretty straight forward, but even it was presented in a way that seemed more upscale.
If you are going to stay downtown Phoenix, you can't do better!

Location is great, price is high for what you get though.
No pool access, no free wifi....

The Renaissance is a very nice hotel.
The staff is remarkable.
We had an appetizer at the hotel bar - service was fantastic and the fish tacos were wonderful.
The rooms are tastefully decorated and the work space is designed to be useful - outlets on top of the desk.
I liked the reading lights next to the beds as well - nice touch.
Our conference hosted a reception on the fifth floor patio/pool area.
It was perfect.
The service was stellar and the appetizers were very good.
I certainly recommend this hotel to business travelers.

Arrived at 2:30 am to a lobby which was decorated with a modern flair.
Decorated in browns, greens, and orange colors.
Very peaceful and relaxing.
Person at the registration desk was very pleasing and accommodating.
The room, small suite, was nicely decorated.
The bed was very comfortable.
Although, no safe or refrigerator in room but that didn't really matter to us.
The hotel offered us free umbrellas since it was raining.
Customer service was outstanding.
We attended an event at the US Airway Center, only two walking blocks away.
Following our event, we were in lobby thinking what we were going to do and we were approached  by a bellman asking if we needed help.
Great customer service.
The place was clean, the food was good, the service was great.
Only downside was valet parking at $27 a night.
I would stay here again.

The rooms at the Renaissance Phoenix are nice and the bedding is very comfy.
We were booked on the 5th floor, which I highly recommend.
Only the 5th floor offers a nice patio area outside the rooms.
The staff was very nice and check out service was the smoothest I've ever experienced.
My one note is that it would have been nice if the staff was a bit better versed about places to go in the area.
We had dinner in the bar and thought it was okay.
I really enjoyed the mashed potatoes and the grilled asparagus.
By 7 PM they were running out of some of the items offered on the menu, which was disappointing.
I was excited by seeing blueberry bread pudding on the menu, but found it to be dry and uninspired.
Breakfast in the small dining room was very disappointing - runny scrambled eggs and tough sausage with a very small fruit selection along with mediocre store-bought muffins and the usual small boxes of cereal.
On the upside, though, we were brought small carafes of coffee so didn't have to bother the very nice wait staff for refills.
I'd recommend the renaissance as a place to stay or a fun place to have a drink and appetizer.
For meals, however, I'd look elsewhere.

Nice hotel, clean rooms with beautiful rich color decor, bigger than normal gym.
Safe area, Convention Center nearby.
Took the Metro in from the airport.
From terminal, take air train (terminal 4) down a long gray hallway --- follow the signs.
Downstairs to street level.
There is a kiosk for $2.00 one way or $4.00 all day pass.
Took train West bound to Central and Washington, 13th stop.
Walking distance to hotel.
Stopped in at My Mom's Thai restaurant.
Experience with Renaissance good with friendly staff who went out of their way to be personable and graciously give best customer service.

This hotel is very nice!
Literally steps away from the convention center.
Perfect for work  travel.
Walking distance from really good restaurants.
Only complaint is the pool and sundeck.
Yet it is really nice, it is shaded all day due to the tall buildings.
I went in January so maybe it was the time of year..., but definitely was hoping to get a little more sun during our stay.
Other then that the hotel is really great and very clean.

My experience here was great!
The staff was so friendly and everything was very clean!
I did have a maintenance issue in my room, but it was fixed immediately and the staff apologized so much for the issue (which was a very minor issue).
Service was far beyond what I had expected.
I would recommend this if you are traveling to downtown Phoenix.

The Renaissance is a beautiful hotel.
The rooms are comfortable and modern.
The valet and wi-fi are a bit expensive but the location is ideal in downtown.
The staff recommended good eats and we're generally helpful.
One complaint is that there were no vending machines on any floor except the 5th.
A small thing but when you need something to drink late in the evening it would be nice to just walk down the hall.
Overall pleased.

Great place to stay so adventure downtown.
Great staycation.
The rooms were nice and the bathroom was amazing.
There is aa nice terrace and pool on the 5th floor with spices growing that they use in the restaurants.
Staff friendly and helpfull

Very nice place to stay , rooms r beautiful,  love free apples and fruit water during the day.
Only thing I don't like about the rooms is that the walls are paper thin , I could hear a full blown conversation with the people that were staying next to me, so if u have a lady freind staying with you here its best to use a pillow

I was in town for one night and the company booked this hotel for me.
I wasn't super impressed by any aspect of the hotel.
The parking was difficult, I wasn't ever able to find self-parking (not sure whether or not there was self-parking) so I had to valet park ($27) - which was extremely busy and the line for valet was blocking traffic.
Check in was smooth and the clerk was friendly.
The room was small and dated in many aspects, the bathroom fixtures were particularly telling of the age of the hotel.
Internet was available but cost $13.99.
I wasn't able to find a menu for room service - there were many good restaurants within walking distance, so this wasn't a huge deal.
Lastly, I needed to print a boarding pass for my flight the next day and had some difficulty finding the business center (on the lower level).
I ultimately had to pay 40 cents per minute and 59 cents per page to print my boarding pass - I travel extensively and typically find that this is offered free of charge.
While I understand that it is typical of downtown hotels to charge for every service, I felt that this went a bit to far.
To top it off - the hotel charged my credit card (that had been left on file for incidentals) for the entire hotel stay - though I had confirmed at check in that my company was being billed for the hotel stay.
My company has assured me this was an error on the hotel's end - not sure what happened, but I am still awaiting a refund for the hotel stay (company advised me that hotel was supposed to issue a refund).
Overall, I would really give this hotel 2.5 stars - it was a very average and slightly expensive experience when I compare to my other downtown hotel experiences.
Just meh - nothing that really impressed me.

Stayed here for three nights on business and it was a very comfortable visit.
The staff all go out of their way to welcome you and help out with any needs.
When I approached my hotel room door, I was a little concerned.
The door itself seems vintage 1955.
But once I opened it up and walked into my room, I was met by a very modern, functional, attractive, and clean room - with a view, even.
(see my photos)  There was some cool hotel-made video playing on my screen to music that reminded me of U2 circa 1985.
I found the tune catchy so I let it cycle again and again (it runs about 5 min long).
It's about a young couple who come to...what else?
The Renaissance Phoenix Downtown Hotel for a vacation getaway.
They have a blast, starting off with few drinks at the bar, followed by an excellent dinner, then wake up for some pool time under a blazing Arizona sun, then a nice friendly game of outdoor full-bodied chess.
It doesn't end there as they head out to a night club for some fun, and...well you get the point.
Hats off to whoever prepared this marketing piece.
It's so well done I found it almost "haunting.
" In a good way.
The sounds and images stuck with me throughout the week and provided a nice "escape" during many hours of conferencing.
By the time you read this, it may not even be there but I had to mention it.
I was there for work, so no golf or pools or drinks with a girl at the bar.
Which is a good thing, because that would take some explaining to my coworkers...and my Colorado girl!
But I had a great time here the entire four days.
Very convenient location, too.
Just about 10 min to airport via taxi.
The metro rail is also right across the street, and it goes to the airport as well.
There are many restaurants and a CVS within walking distance, too.
Ordered room service one morning...most excellent.
(see photo)  Some nearby blocks can be a bit sketchy at night, but it didn't seem dangerous.
Just watch your back.
Good advice in any town.
Thanks for the great stay, Renaissance.
I'll be back soon.

The last couple of years I have stayed in quite a few Marriott hotels thanks to ongoing conferences, and this weekend was the best experience I had.
The room was clean and smelled fresh, the air conditioning was quiet, the bed was comfortable (well, as comfortable as one would expect!
) and even though the hallways scream 1960s, I even liked the low ceilings because I've never felt so tall.
;)  The staff though is the true gem of this hotel.
Every time I asked for something, it was dealt with immediately - I never had to ask twice, and I never got to the point of looking around wondering where someone else was to ask my request of again.
They were genuinely friendly, and seemed happy to help rather than that "I've been told to be cheerful by my boss" happy you often see.
From the front desk, to the concierge, to the gift shop, to the cleaning staff, to the chef (who I didn't meet but who was sweet enough to share a recipe with me when asked!
) ...
I was delighted with the reception I received.
Also, the food served at our meetings was amazing.
I mean, I love southwestern foods so that helped, but really I am afraid to get on the scale due to how much I ate.
My only complaint was that they only carry Pepsi products - and I'm sorry but a rum & pepsi just doesn't go down the way rum & coke does.

my stay was less than stellar.
the staff was aloof, minus one really nice bell boy trying to help everyone.
i stood at the check in desk while 1 employee shuffled papers without acknowledging me.
i figured he wasn't checking people in, but then after a few minutes he looked up and asked if i was checking in.
room was nice, but just had a scuffed up old fridge in the corner of the room on the floor.
stood out next to the nice decor.
i didn't have a room service menu in the room, didnt have a hair dryer.
when i went to the bar after a long day of work, the bartender moved me away from the bar saying the other guest next to me has had too much to drink.
i guess i appreciated the gesture, but how about sending him to his room or home instead of letting him take up valuable space at the bar?
i ordered my drink from the server.
waited about 15 mins as she passed by a few times.
(there were only 3 other single tables in the whole place) so i just got up and left.
she looked at me as i did and said nothing.
customer service is everything these days and they were really lacking.
i went to a hotel bar across the street the next night and had amazing attentive service.
maybe next time ill stay there to get a little more attention when paying $200+ a night.

Wow.
This hotel meets and exceeds your expectations.
Every single staff member was pleasant.
Pamela in the Concierge lounge was so pleasant at 6 am.
Great hotel.

I'm here with my company Bridge Property Management.
The room I'm in is 1127, super comfy bed, pillows, and linens.
My room is clean and in good condition.
The staff here is so friendly and accommodating.
Breakfast was great!
The guy helping our table at breakfast kept my coffee cup full gave me a to-go cup full of coffee as well.
Super great!

This Gold Marriott customer says, "Good job.
"  My first visit in many years to downtown Phoenix.
From the moment I stepped out of the taxi it was a good experience.
It's my understanding that this became a Renaissance two years ago.
Room was tastefully decorated.
The Elevate Club Lounge was very nice (thank you, Pam and Andrew).
Ordered room service.
A spot on delivery and the food was excellent.
Elevators look a bit worn, but I heard that they're getting a makeover this summer.
Even The Shop had a better than usual selection of products (like, Jack Black products for men).
Now, there was one issue that occurred upon departure...and I felt so strongly about it that I called the hotel's on duty manager from the airport.
There was an employee out front who was very insistent about ordering up Yellow taxis.
There were none queued up and he was on his mobile trying to scrounge up more.
A licensed taxi of a different company approached, I flagged them over.
The hotel employee attempted, in a strong tone, to dissuade me from using this "unlicensed street cab" (which it was not), including using his body as a wall between me and my chosen transportation.
I had to get very firm with him.
Highly unprofessional.
Obvious there's some compensation on the side going on there.

My family and I enjoyed our stay here.
This location is close to many restaurants and a walk to the Arizona Science Center.
Our favorite part was the renovated Elevate Breakfast/Snack Lounge and the people who staff it.
Pam, Andrew and Ben went above and beyond to make our stay as pleasant as possible.
For example, when we mentioned to Andrew that our original plans to go to Sedona were disrupted by the wild fire, Andrew, of his own accord, outlined an entirely new plan for us and each idea he recommended was top notch.
So we extended our stay at the Renaissance and had a fabulous vacation.

Good food, decent hotel service, but horrible elevators (slow, shakey, and sometimes couldn't even get to my floor).
Great clean rooms, but hot common areas.. Horrible service in the lobby gift shop.
The guy working the counter was obviously irritated I was taking away his time from talking with his co workers.
Then told me to go get my credit card because he shut down the computer he needed to charge my room early....

