I came here about a year ago and took the usual freeway to freeway to freeway route of most destinations in Arizona.
I recently discovered a more direct route (from where I live) driving up Tatum Blvd/ Cave Creek Rd.
I like this park because it is detached enough from urban to Phoenix to feel as if you are truly in the desert.
My trail of choice is the "Go John" Trail, the longest in the park.
It's about 5 miles in length, though at times it seems as if one of those miles is UP at times.
Parking is plentiful, and keep an eye out for some desert wildlife!

Get an annual pass then get your hike n bike on.
CCRP is the best park in north Phoenix to do it.
It's close enough to be convenient & far enough, like Jake writes, to feel like you're out in the desert, not a backyard park like Papago (which is also a great park).
Great hiking, some great views and, with over a dozen miles of trails (+ more on the connected state trust land), great mt.
biking.
Cosmic ray gives it an 8 on the puck-o-meter (http://www.rei.com/product/763648)  Also, if you or your kids are into riding ponies CCRP has a corral where you can rent horses.

I wanted to go out for a hike and to shoot some wildflowers and thought I'd try this place.
Good thing I brought my wallet!
I wasn't expecting the $6.00 fee!
That's the only thing I didn't like about it.
At least for the money, the park ranger did point out where I would find the best flowers for pictures.
It was nice and quiet outside.
The grounds were beautiful and clean.
I also hiked the Go John trail.
I would definitely come back, but not as often as I would without the cost!

We drove in late and was able to get a spot with our RV no problem.
You pick up an envelope at the gate and drop in your money for the night in a mail box.
The sites have electric and water with a dump station at the entrance of the park.
The park is beautiful with lots of hiking trails, horse trails and amazing sunsets.
The staff was a rude however stopping in both days we were there to make sure we paid (which we did ) and were going to leave exactly at check out time (which we did).
I understand they do not want people taking advantage of the park, but my goodness is it really necessary to constantly stopping and being rude.

This place rocks.
Lots of space between camp sites, immaculate facilities,  great hiking trails.
The only detraction is no sewage at the camp sites.
It's a minor inconvenience compared to the overall excellence.
The volunteers really do a great job.
They come around the night before your last day with a reminder in case you want to move to another site for another 2 weeks.
They also do trail maintenance and staff the nature center.
They are the nicest people.
The facilities are spotless.

Gorgeous landscape.
Lots of space between sites.
Incredibly clean facilities.
Amazingly well maintained.
$25.
a night seems more than fair.

Just spectacular, Majestic, beautiful and a very welcome break from the city.
Just 35-45 minutes from Phoenix, 10 minutes into the hike and you are in another world, air is cleaner than Camelback, and literally within minutes, even on its busier days, you can very quickly be alone on the many easy to marginally challenging trails, easy 2-4k, up to 7 k. easy for even the novice, great nature center, and very clean.

Love this little park for hikes and walks!
It's quiet, well kept, and beautiful.
For the most part the hikes are all easy without much elevation gain.
Tons of cactus and open views, creating a nice calm.
If you live in the area, I highly recommend this park for hikes!
If you don't live in the area, there are probably closer hikes to you with free admission (this park is $6) and it may not be totally worth the drive.

Really enjoyed my hike here.
Today was my first visit, and 2nd hike (on a real hiking trail).
I'm a beginner, not in bad shape but not super fit either.
I took Overton Trail counterclockwise.
Enjoyed this hike because the steep include was in the beginning, rigorous, but didn't last forever.
Before I knew it I was at the top and taking a scenic gradual decline back down.
Plenty of parking.
Clean $6.00 to park.
I'm looking forward to heading back to hike Go John.

Lots of well marked and maintained trails for different levels of hikers.
The staff at the office is great and Ranger Mark will happily answer questions.
Looking forward to doing a guided tour of an old mining shaft.
Ranger Mark said last time there were rattlesnakes and a bat to see!!
He gave hikers the choice and they wanted to leave the rattlesnakes (they were in the cold cave and VERY inactive=safe) to see rather than clear them out!
After all, they were there first and it is there to preserve nature!!

