Ok so Johnny Rockets is another one of those LA transplants that I long for.
It's one of those things that just make me feel at home.
Where I'm all warm and fuzzy.
This restaurant brings back Americana at it's finest hayday.
The 50's.
You know like Pleasantville.
The last time I've felt this great was when I slipped in the bathroom and hit the toilet with my head and I drew.....the FLUX Capacitor.
That's how I discovered this place and myself when I travelled to good Ol' 1955.
Yep......Oh wait that's not me.
But it feels like 1955 when I have that juicy tasty burger from here.
My regulars are the #12 with that sweet red tangy goodness of sauce and Tillamook cheddar cheese slices.
Mmmmm When I'm really hungry I go for the oh so yummy Double Rocket.
Oh yea --- sounds like porn....But Tastier!
The fries and onion rings here are pretty good too!
But Chili Cheese fries....mmmmm.
Johnny Rockets also serves shakes.
But what this place really introduced me to is the Chocolate coke.
Yep....Chocolatey Hershey's syrup and coke.
Sure they have vanilla coke, cherry coke, and lemon coke....But you haven't lived till you try chocolate coke ;) Overall this would be in the top rated burger category in Vegas.

Johnny Rocket's is good.
It's a good place to get a good burger.
The entire faux-50s vibe is always a little contrived for me, but it's not so pervasive that it really annoys.
Their onion rings are AWESOME.
The Route 66 (mushrooms, cheese and onions) is great, although I hate ordering it.
(OK, I know I sound like a naysayer, but I hate 50s themes and I hate having to order food with cutesy names.
Can't I just order the mushroom burger?
Why do you make me call it something silly?
Bah!
)  The Smoke House (smoked cheddar, bbq sauce, onion rings) rules the school.
You can also get Cherry Dr. Peppers (ok, Mr. Pibb, but I convince myself otherwise) here and that and that alone makes it almost holy.
The thing about Johnny Rockets is that it reminds me of being on the Promenade of Santa Monica only...I'm in a strip mall across from the Hard Rock.
There is no nearby pier.
I'm not going to frolic in the surf.
Boo!
That disappointment sucks.
I want to frolic!

What could be better than an order of onion rings, a cheeseburger that doesn't look like it came out of a mold smothered in tasty Tillamook cheddar (tres importante) and topped with a fresh garden, and a tall, cold chocolate Coke to wash it down?
Well ... if the chocolate Coke thing doesn't tickle your fancy, you can just swap that with a milkshake or any other soda flavored to your liking.
The tabletop juke boxes, the shakes, the service, the setting ...
I'm always disappointed when we leave and I see that the cars in the parking lot are NOT all pale aqua-blue '57 Chevys, and there aren't any car hops on roller skates.
I wish I had lived in the '50s and '60s.
Seems like a better place to be, yeah?

You can elect to sit at the counter and order from the menu and have a server, or you can order at the cash register and sit in the food court.
I love this place, and how it is decorated.
Dining here offers that slice of America that my parents who immigrated here in the 80s were never able to experience.
I also love it for not trying to be anything other than what it is: a burger joint soaked in fat  I had the chili cheese fries and an egg sandwich.
The chili cheese fries were delicious.
The egg salad sandwich not so much, as the bread was dry and the egg salad monotonous.
Some celery mixed up in the egg salad would have been nice.

The good: onion rings.
wow they are awesome, made just right so I gave it a bonus star.
The O.K.
: milkshakes, they're fine.
I ordered an Oreo Milkshake, not enough Oreo flavor so it tasted like a Vanilla Milkshake with a cookie or two mashed in it.
The not-so-good: the unbelievable grease.
Yes, I know.
Burgers and fries are suppose to be greasy but this was ridiculous.
The Bacon Cheeseburger was upsetting.
How?
Tasteless patty, greasy bun, chewy bacon.
Sure, it was big.
But it's about quality.
We also ordered the Streamliner (Boca Burger) and it was absolutely tasteless.
Too much mustard.
So it tasted like sour cucumbers and mustard in bun.
Service was not good.
It wasn't horrible, just not good.
Only reason I'll go back?
Onion rings.

what a refreshing burger joint right across from the hard rock hotel & casino.
everyone is dressed like the 50's all white with the paper hats & aprons, all stainless steel everywhere with a soda counter & lots of boothes w/$0.05 jukeboxes great fun atmosphere with 50's music playing too.
the service was fast & friendly and very helpful.
the menu had lots of great choices for a burger joint.
the food was great-hot & crispy, salted just right(unusual in las vegas) the chili was a little weak-tasted like hormel in the can.
the burger was great-better than the other chains(in &out,tommy's,fatburger & all the fast-food ones).
the tuna melt was great-all white tuna not chunk lite!
just the right amount of cheese.
the fries & onion rings were crispy.
and the shakes & apple pie at the table next to us looked incredible but we were already full.
reasonably priced about $10 per person.
i would definitely recommend johnny rockets for a good burger or any sandwich

CRAP!!
15 bucks for 2 chocolate milk shakes!!!
Vegas baby!!
Just another reminder of what city your in.
Forget this place.
Dennys is up the street..These theme joints are a flippin' rip.. Oh yeah, the shakes??
So-so..

They were out of pretty much everything when we visited which means their management isn't very good.
The restaurant was kind of on the small side and their prices were ridiculously high!
I wasn't impressed with my food at all and my kids weren't either and if you can't make a kid happy at a place like Johnny Rockets then you know something can't be right!

I have always enjoyed the old malt shop feel at the themed burger restaurants.
Ruby's, Fatburger (although not that themed) and Johnny Rockets.
The first and last are more restaurants then fast food however.
I have recently visited the Johnny Rocket's across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel and like always, I thoroughly enjoyed my time.
However, as some posters have stated, you do pay a premium for the atmosphere.
This is not a "quick and cheap" burger like McDonald's, but more of an experience.
Something you may only do once every two months.
The woman that helped me was kind and courteous and I wish I could remember her name.
She was quick and attentive and on top of her game when it came to refilling my drink.
My last go at the eatery was a Chicken Club Sandwich, with 1/2 and 1/2 fries and onion rings.
Splitting the rings and fries is great, but I sometimes wish I had more rings, so maybe next time, I will get the rings alone.
I have also noticed some new menu items (at least new to me).
One of these items is a cobb salad and I can see that as a big seller if people aren't interesting in eating red meat (or turkey burgers).
Overall, I have a good experience with Johnny Rocket's and I will continue to go there in the future.

50's style look & feel.
SoCal burgers & shakes @johnny_rockets .
Right across from @hardrockhotellv .
Food is always good, service is great but it is a little pricy.
I had the burger 1/2 & 1/2 fried/onion rings and a chocolate malt plus wings & onion rings for my friend.
$30!!
TRY IT!

We came here for the vegiburger..it is the best one we have found yet in LV.
Sure its a bocaburger(tm), nothing special there, but it is made with care on the grill, and put on a big bun with all the toppings.
It tastes great and its much better than what I could have done at home.
One tasty vegiburger, fries and an orange soda makes me a happy girl!

The original location- been here about five times- solid place.
Feels like you're in the 1950's-  the servers wear the cute outfits with the funny hats.
Seat yourself.
There are jukeboxes at each table- place a nickel for each song that you want- mostly 50s, 60s, and 70s.
Good burgers at reasonable prices.
Sometimes I get the chicken sandwich- equally good.
The fries are good.
I don't think that we've ever been disappointed.
There have been two openings in two malls here, recently, so I believe that the popularity is catching.

After staying at HRH multiple times and seeing this place across the street, I decided to get lunch here instead of eating in the hotel.
It was refreshing to get out and walk here.
When we got there, we seated ourselves and our server came over and made us feel welcome and at home, though we were hundreds of miles away from home.
I enjoyed being in the 1950's diner vibe because those were the better days of food service compared to the more corporate feel you get today.
So, when it came time to placing our order, my friend and I each got Rocket Doubles and a side of onion rings to share and I got a bowl of chili for myself.
At first, we thought that we didn't order enough food and then it showed up and we began eating it.
Toward the end of the meal, we realized that it was definitely a lot of food and we were really hungry when we showed up.
We barely finished our burgers and then the last of the onion rings which then left us bursting at the seams.
Overall, the food was really good and something different from the offerings at HRH.
I think our total came out to $30 with tip so it wasn't that expensive compared to what you would get at most hotels.
Anyways, I'll definitely be coming back!

My wife and I had dinner here about a month ago.
The service was good (nice to get service in a burger joint).
So were the burgers.
We split a number12 and a Houston.
I liked both but preferred the #12.
We also split fries and onion rings.
I liked the onion rings better.
The fries were on the thick side and I prefer thin and crispy.
My wife got a very cherry shake which was yummy.
Playing in the background was 50s music which added to the throwback diner ambience.

Three Words:  No Air Conditioning  I was in town a week ago for an event and some friends of mine decided to go Johnny Rockets for some dinner grub.
When we entered the restaurant, we were greeted by a blast of hot air.
On asking the server about it, he told us that the air conditioning had been out for a full year.
Even with 2 or 3 additional customers at the restaurant, the service was slow.
The food was decent for the price although I feel sorry for the cooks who have to work there without cooling!

Kind of a pricy burger diner.
Onion rings mediocre-clearly not fresh.
The menu claims they're a guest favorite.
Crispy exterior with a delightful onion mush interior.
Bring these morsels to the next family reunion's ring toss game and be the hit of the party.
The burgers are indeed excellent.
1/3 lb patties, with more of a nicely seasoned home-style flava'.
Excellent ice.
What, excellent ice?
Yep!
It's that kind of slightly soft pellet stuff, rarely seen in Vegas, fun to chew on.
Service has always been very friendly.
Real plates and glass glasses.
Very clean.
Working tableside 5-cent juke boxes with mostly 50's and 60's music playing in the foreground rather than the background.
Expect to pay a minimum of $11-12 per person+tip for the basic burger, fry, and Coke.
Jonny R's doesn't blow me away, nor does it suck.

Great Customer service.
The shakes are yummly.
Had the Burger with Onion rings on it.
Ohh so delicious.
A little pricey but worth it.

The food is average, you have to really do it up here and order one of their shakes and get the tastiest, most mouth-watering burger you can find on the menu and then it will be well worth it to eat here.
I do like the variety they have on the menu.
The waiter seemed to be like a shy little kid, but overall the service was efficient enough and extremely helpful.
You will be full after leaving this place.
The mini jukebox on the table was also a fun addition.

The Manager's Special catches anybody eyes that is on a budget.
It's about $6 bucks for a burger and fries.
Drink separate!!!
I like the prices...
I am not sure if the fries are refillable... you want more fries, just ask!!!
The service was slow considering that there was n o one in the restaurant.

Yelp 365 Challenge: Review 013/365 (8/13/2011)  My friend reallyreallyreally wanted to check out UNDFTD during our last trip.
Since it was lunch time by the time we got there, we walked just a few feet away to Johnny Rockets, located in the same strip mall.
It was my first time eating here.
If I recall correctly, we were the only customers, but our waiter was polite and efficient during the entire meal.
I ordered a Coke with the chocolate flavor shot and a tuna melt sandwich (I don't eat hamburgers).
The Coke was interesting in concept, but the chocolate was only obvious (to both my friend and I) as an aftertaste.
The tuna melt was edible but extremely small.
I also tried the onion rings/french fries combo that my friend ordered.
Both of them were decent.
On a completely different note (and to no fault of any of the employees), the 50s music started to drive me crazy about halfway through the meal.
By the end of our visit though, seeing the pretty cheap tab that I needed to pay (for the both of us) more than made up for any of the audial "dislike" I had experienced just a short while before.
Three stars for JR - it's definitely not my favorite fast food in LV, but it's definitely not the worst.

Fully loaded burgers for cheap late night in Vegas!!

Pros: Vegetarian option for the burgers, delicious shakes and occasional coupons make it affordable.
Cons: Can sometimes be messy (once there was ketchup on the seat and we often see food on the ground), and the entrees are just meh, although as I said the shakes are great.

Good burgers.

I never tried this place as I just thought it'd be expensive.
I was wrong as their prices were very fair.
Burgers are less than $10 but don't include fries.
I took my little bro and my cousin as they love burgers.
Both with big appetites they loved their meals.
I got a water, strawberry Oreo shake, and chicken fingers with the half fries half onion rings basket.
As the onion rings and fries were more to have a complete meal, we all actually shared just one basket.
The burgers were priced right for their size and the amount of toppings.
One of the boys was unable to finish his double western cheese burger and the other devoured their burger with jalapeños.
My chicken fingers were okay.
I didn't like the flavor of the breading, it was a bit salty in an off putting way.
Everything was served hot and our waiter was very attentive with refills and bringing out our food together.
The place was pretty vacant which sucked but probably was probably the reason behind the great service.
Love the old school interior and music and wait staff outfits.
And my shake was awesome!

overcharged me on the bill  the food however, was pretty good but there are better places with just as good of food elsewhere in Vegas.
No wonder the place is always empty.

How could you mess up grilled cheese?
They managed to.
Cute place and friendly staff, but I probably won't be back.

got so sick.
there route 99 was so greasy it was oily and gross couldnt even finish it.
had the worst stomach flu for 2 days.

Worst experience ever!
Went there after doing some miniature golfing and got seated, and the waitress promptly took our drink/shake orders.
She came back awhile later and asked us what we wanted to eat, all the while asking us again what our shake/drink orders were.
She then brought out our shake orders one every 5 minutes but not in any rhyme or reason.
She took to sniffing every milk shake to see which one was which and still giving us the wrong ones.
(which was a little scary cause we had someone allergic to bananas and one of the friends had ordered a chocolate banana shake).
One of the glasses had food on the inside of it so we asked to have it remade, but pretty sure they just dumped the shake in a to go cup and added new whip cream on top.
Then came the orders.....fries came out before actual entrees, people were getting the wrong burgers.
Some didn't even get their burgers and we waited an hour.
(there were only two other tables taken so there was hardly anyone there).
They brought my order out and it had onions on it (which I said I can't have) and I sent it back.
They brought it back out and it was the exact same burger!
All they did was take the onions off!
Seriously?
You can't do a remake and make things right?
By that point we had had enough as we had sent back three burgers cause they were wrong and two people still hadn't gotten their food.
On top of that they were just a dumb staff and didn't know what they were doing.
I wish that things could have gone better or that I could have liked their food but after all of this I really doubt that I will even give johnny rockets a second glance.

Not Good... BAD... Stay away!!
I had never been to a Johnny Rockets before.
Our group of 10 stopped in on a Saturday afternoon, when only 4 other tables were occupied.
Most of the drinks came out wrong...
Even the waters went to the wrong people.
Milk shakes were served in dirty glasses.
The food ordering was disorganized.
Then, the food came out, some 10 minutes later, others 35 minutes later.
Many of the orders were wrong.
One person ordered "No Onions".
The burger had onions.
She asked to have another one with no onions...
They scrapped them off and gave it back to her... You could smell it...
It was honestly insulting.
I really assumed that a national chain, located across the street from a major resort would have some standards and/or some self respect, but no...
They really just did not care about how anything was presented.
My chicken club featured a pathetic piece of meat, charred bacon and flavorless tomatoes.
The sandwich was around $8 and included no side, no even a pickle.
Not to be vulgar, but I was in the bathroom right after leaving...
So there was something in my sandwich that was no clean or not very natural.
I would not return if they offered me a free meal.
It was that bad.
Maybe they should close so a good place can open in what is otherwise a decent shopping center.

Food is good, but a la carte so no fries with those burgers.
Also, if you are from UNLV, they no longer take Rebel Cash.
Milkshakes are good and thick.

Worse place ever!
I'm sure I got food poisoning after eating the route 66 burger and the sweet potato fries.
I felt like it was to greasy from the beginning but I was very hungry so I didn't care at the time.
I have been ill since the day after I ate there.
I didn't even finish my food because I couldn't hold down the taste of the grease.
I would never recommend this place to anyone for food but their milkshakes are very thick and tasty.

Cant say that I eat anything on the menu except for the sweet potato fries, which are pretty dang amazing!!!!
The service was a little awkward......the server didn't seem to be comfortable at the table talking to us.
Maybe his first day?

the burgers are good, onions rings are good.
the burgers are a little on the greasy side.

Came here with an Australian friend I ran into, we wanted to do the whole American diner thing, and boy was it fun.
Very warm welcome for us, as a Brit & an Aussie we instantly hit it off with the staff and had a laugh.
Food was superb, I LOVED the chilli cheese fries, very hard to find over here and actually enjoy.
Had the Chicken Philly cheese steak and it was great, really well prepared and quickly delivered.
Prices were fantastic and service efficient and friendly.
I'd love to come again for lunch.

So yesterday we went to Johnny Rockets.... We walked in to staff yelling Welcome to Johnny Rockets yey it seemed like a party!
A party for ME!
So I was excited when the cook yelled find a seat anyplace you like.
I thought Oooo!
So I went over to where I wanted to sit and the husband followed.
Once in the booth that was all mine I put down my coach bag and pulled out my phone and checked in and gave a tip on yelp.com then it happen.
He walked over gave us menus and lord he was such a downer.
Hello he said I said Hi.
Can I ask you a question he said if a girl breaks up with you after you buy her a apple 5 phone and then text you weeks later and said she was thinking about you would you take her back?
I replied NO you must love your self and anyone willing to drop you is not for you.
But I can tell your gonna take her back because if you and I were on the same page you would not be messing with me doing my dinner time to bug me about some girl who don't want u.
She texted you and said she was thinking about you not that she wanted you back.
Find a church and something better to do with your time because this girl is not for u.
He laughed and said other people have told him the same thing.
So I took a moment to pat myself on the back.
I told him hey other people and I cant be wrong.
If a million people are telling you something must be some truth to it.
After that he went on and on about this girl about 20 mins later He's using profanity like he's not at work and I said to myself he has 3 mins to get away from my table before I ask to talk to his manager.
I was able to get him to bring our burger fires and onion rings (Please see my pictures) Now the husband ate his food soon as it got their.
I on the other hand had to see my food go from hot to room temp because skippie or whatever his name is ugh Is still going on and on about this girl and asking me about this and that.
So he gets a clue to leave so...I eat...& Oh wow I was blown away at how good this burger is.
I don't know if I have angered the God's this week or what but Boy with girl issues comes back and gives a ticket I'm like look I want apple pie and my husband wants a orange shake so he opens the ticket back up and bring us the sweet stuff and I'm like ooooo!
Its got a tooth pick in my apple pie a la mode that's different.
Now skippie gave me a fork I was like it's dessert love I need a spoon.
I had enough of that boy to be honest with you.
I hurry up and ate and ran to the car.
The food is extra good I will return for take out Lord knows I cant eat inside with hover boy all at my table with his million of problems I feel like my food should have been free.
He needs a therapist all his problems sound like personal problems and I'm not trying to be mean but I just wanted dinner just a great burger with my husband.
I swear this town seems to be bad at dinner.
I can never have dinner with my husband in a peaceful manner.
That's it I am gonna learn to cook at home.
Eating out is driving me nuts eather they cant cook the food or they cant leave the table.
Tonight I'm having steak and I'm cooking it at home myself.
My husband kept his receipt our server his name was Andre we sat at table 32\1 our total was $38.35 almost 40 bucks for a dinner that was great but failed because Andre could not leave his personal life at home ugh!
Yes I took a picture of my receipt.
I give 5 stars total the food was great I didn't care for everything else.

If only NO STARS!!
I have never received this level of rude service, this takes the cake as number 1 worst experience.
By the way the couple to my left were not of the African American descent and receiving a better service.
The couple to the right of me noticed the same as they were also receiving rude service.
I can understand a bad day but this was ridiculous.
I walked away not eating and vowing never to come back.
Horrible service and mishandling of the food.
My fiancee and I decided to walk across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel and noticed Johnny Rockets to grab a quick bit.
We weren't greeted but still sat down at the counter to eat, still no greet but luckily there was a menu available.
So we waited about ten minutes as I observed three servers on shift.
Finally, the gentlemen server approaches the couple next to us and says "I see no one took your order yet" it was pretty rude but true.
After he took their order, I asked "can I please place my order as well as I've been waiting,he replied "I'll try".
He then takes the order and walks away to the back.
So we waited another 10 minutes, I ask the tall waitress with red hair "can I please get a water" she gets it and slams it down.
The couple next to us asked for their drinks and the waitress said "I didn't take your order so what do you want".
So about another 15 minutes passed, in that time I observed the cook on his phone and then heading back to the grill without washing hands, bacon that wasn't properly cooked from a previous order placed on another order.
I didn't walk away then.
So I wanted to check the status of my order so I asked another server (short female w/black hair)about my order, she went to check and came back to say "who assisted you" I described the gentlemen with the glasses.
She asked him about the order and he replied "transfer the checks, I'm out".
To hear that upset me, I spoke my frustration  to the wrong employee.
The female with the short hair was very polite and I felt bad that she had to deal with the rude service I was receiving.

I used to go here a lot especially since my work was right near this restaurant.
Since, I never had a long lunch break I usually order ahead of time (like 30-45mins) and pick up my order when I am on my break.
Sometimes my order is ready and other times I wait another 15mins or more.
I have gotten their burgers and shakes and it was ehhh.
I didn't really enjoy their burgers, I feel like I could better burgers at in & out for a cheaper price.
The times where I have eaten there, the service was okay no one really paid much attention to us.
It was basically ordered our meal and then paid for our meal.
The place is like a 1950s diner which was pretty cool and they even had a cute little jukebox that you can put your money in and play some 50s music.
I inserted my coin and the thing didnt even work.
sighs.
Overall, I wouldn't come here or it would never be the first place I would get a burger at.

Stopped in with my girls.
The service was great & the food was to be expected.
The strawberry milkshake was superb.

Johnny Rockets... like McDonalds and Denny's, you can count on it being the same no matter where you are.
I think it's a little overpriced for the quality of food, and sometimes the service is a bit on the light side, but the 50s atmosphere and the consistent menu is why I count on them being them.

Slow service.
One friend did not get his meal till we were finished eating ours.
Burger was just ok. Not crazy about the bun.

Service was awful.
The burger arrived 10 minutes before the fries.
Shake never made it with the meal.
Not a good experience.

I was supposed to meet my friend next door at Capriotti's Sandwich Shop.
When I arrived, he wanted Johnny Rocket's instead.
I had read all about Capriott's on Yelp, so I was excited to try it.
I begrudgingly agreed to eat at Johnny Rocket's, but it turned out to be a great meal and experience.
The staff were super friendly at Johnny Rocket's.
Especially the girl with the big blue eyes.
She answered all of my many questions that I had because I hadn't been to Johnny Rocket's often.
She filled me on their new food items that I was totally unfamiliar with.
After talking to her, I decided on the Philly Cheesesteak with fries.
It was super tasty, and I was glad to have ordered it.
It turned out to be an unexpectedly excellent meal.
It honestly felt weird to be on vacation at a place like Las Vegas with a million restaurants around and eating at Johnny Rockets.
However, I was glad that I did.
I had a great experience and would not mind coming here again the next time I am in the area.

I'm sooo surprised to read all this negative comments and star rating of this place.
A couple of my friends and I were around the area and wanted to grab a quick bite before we went to explore hard rock!
Our first impressions when we walked in was that the place was really  clean, they had jukeboxes and it was playing 50's music.
I ordered their regular hamburger as well as an Oreo shake, which was recommended by our server.
Our food arrived in about five minutes and wow, this is not your average hamburger!!!!!
It was delicious!
The shake was thick and well worth the money.
I only wished the hamburgers would come with fries as they were all separate but considering how yummy everything tasted it doesn't matter!
The manager was in fact the person who served our food, she was very nice and had a Russian accent.
She was nice enough to even split our checks 3 ways after we got the receipt and told her we forgot to mention separate receipts.
If I am ever around the area I would def come back.

Went in on 3-8-14..was seated after waiting for a few minutes.. Hostess took our drink order and brought us drinks... No ever came to our table after that..
Waited 15 minutes til we walked out.. Left a few bucks for the 1 soda my nephew ordered.
Never coming back.

Our group got hungry so with the lack of planning, we decided to just go across the street to Johnny Rockets.
FOOD - 1 Star: I ordered:  - Chili Cheese Fries: These were ok.
They were really heavy on the chili and the cheese was barely there.
It would've been way better to actually have the cheese on the top instead of under the chili.
- Sweet Potato Bacon Cheese Fries: I enjoyed the sweet potato fries myself, but the cheese... if you can call it that... was pretty disgusting.
I don't know why they couldn't use real cheese.
Instead they used some liquid cheese that you'd find at the movie theater and so it had this weird taste to it.
The only thing that kind of saved it was the bacon, but even that was overpowered by the liquid cheese.
This ruined my appetite and I had to eat around the cheese, which was almost impossible since it was all over the place.
- Smoke House Single Burger: This was pretty good, but smaller than I thought it would be.
Maybe I don't come here often enough, but the burger was small.
The taste was spot on.
You can't go wrong with a meat patty, cheese, onion rings, and bacon.
SERVICE - 2 Stars: The staff was friendly, but literally only approached us to drop off the menus and to deliver food.
No one checked on us at all during the meal.
I need an extra fork and literally had to flag someone down to get it.
ATMOSPHERE - 2 Stars: It's your typical Johnny Rocket's setup and my biggest issue with the place was the fact there was no soap in the restroom.
I'm glad we had hand sanitizer with us, but that's just gross.
RECOMMENDATION: Overall, I'd say you can skip this place.
Go to Capriotti's or Joe's Pizza in the same shopping center instead.
You'll get way better food for the money you're paying.

Pretty good but over priced.
I went in and has a burger, fries and a shake and it was $17!
That's just too much for lunch.
But don't get me wrong, food is good, just not great.

Went to lunch there today and it was terrible first she took 11 minutes to bring the menu we get the menu and order drinks at the same time 2 shakes 2 water water cane out quick 1st shake took about 5 minutes second shake 15 minutes after when she brings the second shake she takes the order  ok fair so far just super slow..... French fries and cheesy fries take 15 minutes still willing to wait then the fries are gone and it takes 30 minutes for the burgers!!!!
Now there was only 6 other people in there besides us ( party of 4 ) here it comes ALL the burgers wrong!!!!
Girl says oops sorry I will reorder .... Heck no!!
I said bring me the heck for the food we ate and we are leaving manager comes over says well I won't charge u for the burgers even though we made them ..... Really?
Never go back worst service slow slow slow and expensive!!

Worst customer service ever!!!!!
I mean horrible!!!
I was outta town, trying to get a nice juicy burger in my belly, after being in traffic all day!
I arrived and sat at the bar, since..
I didn't get greeted by anyone.
Sat down.
2 minutes later a waiter comes to me and says.. Are you ready to order?
NOOO!!!!
I just sat down..
Ask for water.. And didn't get my water until my food came to my table.
The burger had so much mustard and mayo..
It was disgusting!
I told the server that my burger wasn't good..
He offer to issue a refund.
Then, he brought my change back..
But, never gave me a refund but, actually gave me less money!!!!!
I was totally shocked.
I told him about the money issue and he kept insisting he gave me the correct change?
I told him to check his cameras and continue to argue with me, from across the restaurant he kept arguing with me.
I think I need to call corporate to report this issue.
This happen (last Saturday night) maybe they can watch their cameras!

