The vintage 1930 beaded earrings are still calling to me.
I can hear them.
Knowing I saw similar ones being sold for $15 at Cost Plus vs the $60 for the vintage ones helps a little - but not much.
Very cute vintage accessories and clothing.
I almost teared up seeing a super cool crinoline like the one I had in high school.
(Yea, sometimes I was that girl.
We're moving on...)  Really great stuff.
A bit high priced, but not when you consider it's quality.
Everything they had was great.
It didn't feel like estate sale shopping, ya know?
Then there's the other 1/2 of the store that is an art gallery.
Somehow it just works.
Here the prices were extremely reasonable.
Some really great stuff too.
It's behind much of the Roosevelt Row stops, just a bit behind Holgas.
Cool, yet approachable.

Hmmm, what to say about Mint.
Okay, if you are a girl and looking for clothes here, I'd say pass.
Unless of course you have a tiny waste and are maybe a size 0-4 on a good day.
If you are looking for funky earrings, it might be worth a stop, but the majority of their earring inventory was kinda weird and a little too 80's inspired for my retro taste.
If you are looking for stellar quality (and priced accordingly) funky retro furniture, then definitely pop in here as their selection is really cool and there were a ton of pieces that I easily would have purchased.
As for the rest, I'd say hit this store up every once in again and see what they have to offer and if they start carrying bigger sizes in dresses, lemme know :)

I read the reviewer before me and checked things out for myself.
I don't know about the size 0-4 comment because I found 3 dresses all over size 8 and some great necklaces all very reasonably priced.
Rumor has it the day to go is Sunday or Monday, which is when more things are added to the inventory.
I also left my name and email because I was looking for a vintage Chanel bag and I got an email when they got one.
I can't afford to shop on the furniture side of the store but I've found a lot of great funky things at mint.

I remember really enjoying browsing through Mint (and their furniture friends Red) before, I love mid-century Modern (but what casually reading Dwell but highlighting Ikea pseudo-art bitch DOESN'T?
) , I like interesting jewelry, I think the space is really intense, like I am in a dream of some sort.
But I went recently...and I just didn't like it.
Sure, these are collectible pieces, goregous condition, the space is well cared for, I don't expect to afford these museum worthy pieces, especially at 11grand for a chair and ottoman (oh god, I hope the ottoman was included in that price....), but the affordable pieces of bracelets, earrings, clothing...um, it was a lot of the same items I saw here over a year ago...actually more like TWO years ago.....so, the inventory isn't very turnovering or fresh...so I guess Mint isn't so fresh?
Overall, I was underwhelmed, I didn't feel particularly welcomed either time I was here, and the stock continues to center on polyster 70s clothing and BCBG tops (?
) making an uneven style feel and chilly ambiance.
Definitely not worth a stop.

I love Mint, and even though I'm a guy and there isn't much for me there, it's a great place for gifts for the lucky gals in my life.
It's definitely worth checking out, despite what the other reviewers have said so far.

I like this Vintage/New shop.
I think they need to do something about getting new (vintage) items in more frequently there are things still there from visiting almost a year ago.
Overall I have bought some great finds there and will most definately go back.

Overall, I'll never go back.
Rewinding to the reason of my conclusion: messy racks, bad choice on jewelry, no focus on fits whatsoever, no pricing consistency, and paint-scraping help from the hired help (owner of Red).
I felt like I was bothering someone instead of shopping.
I recommend Retro Ranch, Fashion by Robert Black, France's or the new Vintage shop next to Hula's and Lola Coffee on Central Ave.

Well.. Well...well..Ive been highly recomended to check this place out, now that I had a chance to see what the hype was all about.
I can see for myself that they had very cool pieces of funiture and retroesque clothes.
Very impressed up until I asked for some help and questions, and thats were the place lost its apeal.
I was quickly imformed that they delt with very high end resorts and hotels, and as for myself adding these pieces in my store would not be a good idea.I think coming in would be a great experiece for someone to see bad service at its finest.

The Mint is hip and trendy and has food that excites the mind if not the mouth.
I sampled the firecracker shrimp, truffled edamame, and Korean pork sliders.
The firecracker shrimp will wake you up then cool you down with its burnin-sweep mix.
I loved how little the shrimp were, but how many they gave.
The Korean sliders could have had a little more kick of something, pretty bland for such a swingin place.
While the edamame were lightly covered with a tasty sauce they are more for snacking than wooing.
I heard the nightlife here will pick you up put the happy hour hour was less attended and had more of a chill atmosphere.
The service was slow and absent and the drinks were pricey and watered down but if you want a hip, trendy Scottsdale spot for fair food, average drinks and weak service the Mint may be your place.

