My work buddies and I decided to go here on a lark for lunch today since we were craving something outside of the traditional Americana fare, and it was everything I thought it would be (but not more, hence the average number of stars).
There were no belly dancers or tarot card readers, both dinner time lures advertised upon entering, since the noon-to-one crowd is generally geared toward the white collar crowd.
That eliminated the possibility of a razzle dazzle performance that may have lured another star out of me, leaving the service, ambiance and food to shine on their own.
The service was adequate.
Not really much to say either way on that.
I did kind of like the fact that the wait staff was all eating there in a family setting and were just finishing up when I arrived.
That immediately raised my expectations, since they wouldn't settle for anything nasty.
Also, the kitchen was filled with....Turks!
Not a single word of Spanish, which is quite an anomaly in the food service business.
Again, my expectations raised.
Upon entering, the customer is given the option of sitting at regular or low seating.
I highly recommend the latter, as it consists of plush pillows and short stools arranged around round tables.
The main dining area is very open air with warm colors and sparse decorations, but it feels more sterile than the environment created in the adjacent rooms.
Within these rooms comfortable open booths and pillows, upholstered in dark, rich colors are accented by decorative lighting that could have been bought from a bazaar and transported straight here.
The layout of these side rooms adds to the ambiance and present plenty of opportunity for conversation.
We all ordered lunch specials, which are composed of rice, pita bread, cabbage slaw and a meat of some sort.
The lamb that I ordered was a little on the bland side and stringy.
It would have done much better stewed than grilled.
I would also highly recommend you trade the plain ole white rice for the biriani rice, which is saffron (turmeric?
) based with veggie bits and walnuts.
It was savory and scrumptious, the exact opposite of the cabbage slaw, which was an odd combination of vinegar, mint and garlic.
It was a little pricey for a lunch special, ringing in at $10.95 without beverages, and the dinner specials are even more expensive.
I would come here a second time for the atmosphere, and maybe for the belly dancing, but I would definitely try something else off the menu.

The food I had tonight at Efe's was so good that, even though I'm nowhere near hungry, I can't stop eating my leftovers.
My dinner companion and I started with the appetizer sampler, which consisted of hummus, baba ganoush, stuffed grape leaves, some wonderful eggplant something (patlican sousli, says the menu), and tabbouleh.
Verdict: mixed.
I hate tabbouleh so I was not impressed by that.
Neither were the grape leaves great - I always think I'll like them but I almost never do.
But the patlican sousli was delicious, the hummus was insanely garlicky and wonderful, and the baba ganoush was excellent too, though it did have some sort of hickory taste going on in the background that left me a little puzzled.
i think next time I'll stick with just the hummus and the patlican sousli.
Our main courses were both, like, ridiculously good.
I had the doner kabob, which was grilled steak with pita, rice with saffron and walnuts, and cabbage slaw - the steak was perfectly cooked and super flavorful.
My companion had the garlic shrimp, which was just outstanding.
Everything was seasoned perfectly and the yogurt sauce that came with my meal was divine: yogurt, garlic, mint.
I want to start putting that sauce on everything i eat.
I'll so totally be back.
Maybe tomorrow.

I loved your Hummus...
I loved your Pita Bread I somewhat liked my Spinach Casserole  But your service needs a lot of help.
My Greyhound was served in a glass with dirt.
There were 4 of us at a table.
2 of my companions got their shish kebab 10 minutes before my friend and I got our meals.
Our server actually said "Is there anything else you need before I go on my break?
"  9pm on a Saturday night no less, you get breaks?
I guess there was also supposed to be a tarot card reader that they advertise, but she hasn't shown up in three-four weeks.
Think she is still coming?
At least I was with awesome and intelligent people that made my time there a lot of fun...so I wasn't bitter last night.
(even if I was seated hunched over.
The seating is not good for the back.
)  Wished I was in the room with the belly dancing (she could have least came into the other room where most people were dining).
My friend was a little upset over that.

When I worked down in Tempe we often used to come here for lunch.
Between the group of us we have sampled numerous selections from the menu and it has all been good to excellent.
The atmosphere is also good and the staff are friendly, making it one of my favorite Tempe lunch spots.

Very tasty food but they changed my all time favorite meat dish ever - the Iskender Doner.
Its a good dish now but it used to be superb dish.
Dont know what happened.
The soup is really good.

By far and away one of the best Mediterranean/Middle Eastern restaurants in Tempe, Efe's has been one of my favorite dinner and lunch spots for years.
Everything I have ordered there has been delicious, but the dish I would recommend the most is the Iskender Donnner.
It is lamb that has been cooked (to my knowledge) on a spit and then  placed on a bed of tomato yogurt-soaked flatbread.
It is amazing.
I highly recommend this restaurant to those who enjoy a great atmosphere and even better food.

I had lunch here two days ago, having never stepped foot in a Turkish restaurant before in my life.
I'm an adventurous diner.
Per my standard, I skipped the menu and ask the very friendly waitress/hostess to make a recommendation.
She suggested the Iskender Donner, as it is their signature dish.
I order the lunch portion and was quite pleased.
Lots of great flavor.
The sauces were excellent.
Nothing at all to complain about.
Even the turkish coffee she suggested was nice -- and I'm not much of a coffee drinker!
High marks.
I'm really looking forward to returning some evening when the hookas are blazing.

My mom had been trying to take me here for months, but I just never seemed in the mood for Turkish food (whatever that was).
But finally, after getting tattooed for two and half hours I was too weak and exhausted to argue (I forgot how draining it is to bear down against pain for so long, whew).
So I show up at the pretty convenient location (on the outer edges of the always busy Trader Joe's/Changing Hands/Walgreens complex) oozing blood out of my shoulder and took the table by the window - suffice to say I was not in the mood for any antics, rude servers or other malarkey.
I noticed a raised up area in the corner by the door that had more traditional seating - lower, round tables and a running cushioned booth along the wall, along with lower barrel type seats on the other side - but didn't feel like balancing while I ate since I could barely stand up.
When my mom showed up, though, she wanted to move to that area, so we did and I was pleasantly surprised that it was pretty comfy and of sufficient height to not feel awkward.
The server did not aggravate my intolerance in the least.
She was authentically Turkish, so much that we had a little trouble understanding her, but she was helpful and patient by way of explaining some of the more unfamiliar dishes (she's prob used to that).
Which, by the way, I found were overall similar to entrees and foods that are recognizable if you've ever eaten at Pita Jungle and the like: falafel, hummus, feta, olives, fresh pita, tobouli and stuff that had different names but was similar to spanakopita and yogurt dressing ... all of which were on the Super Sampler, which we ordered to share.
Note: mom is gluten intolerant and could not eat the tobouli here - who knew there was wheat/flour in some tobouli??
Mom sampled a Turkish wine they had on the menu and immediately vetoed it - if you're feeling adventurous and want to get it, get a sample first.
They had plenty of other wine and beer on the menu.
Not sure about full bar, I was pretty out of it and in no mood for a cocktail.
It was a Saturday night, and at about 7, the live entertainment started!
A belly dancer complemented the stellar band of traditional instrumentalists.
That was sort of tucked into a separate room, so if you're not into it, you can sit far enough away to ignore.
All in all, this place was charming, right down to décor and the authentic servers and entertainment,  and totally unique.
That's not a word I ever use, but charming totally sums it up.
And, how cool would you look if you took your date here instead of the super trendy Pita Jungle - with free entertainment to boot?
Then mosey to Changing Hands to look at books ... perfect date spot indeed.

I've been here a couple of times and the food pushes it to 3.4 stars, but after the other night I am really frustrated with this place.
Don't get me wrong, the food is good but we went last night.
The waitress who is actually Polish NOT Turkish asked how many people we had.
There were six of us, and she said that we should've called ahead to be accommodated.
I looked around, and there was only two other tables of people.
one table and a couple and the other had three people who were already done eating.
A minute later my friend came in who looked like he knew her, so she quickly sat us.
After about 5-8 minutes, she came over and told us that the computer was down and she couldn't serve us because she couldn't do the taxes.
We offered to do the tax on our phones and pay in cash.
She just shrugged and walked off.
We waited about 7 more minutes to come back.
In the meantime she served the other table and threw their plates on the table (they made loud noises it was so hard).
Then eventually my friend who said he thought he knew her, went over to see if we could order now.
She came immediately to our table, told us the computer was down and she would not serve and that we should leave now.
Then she walked away without saying anything.
As I said, I've been here 4 times and the place use to get a 4 (had I reviewed it then), but after being told to leave I DOUBT I will go back anytime soon.

I can't attest for the bad service, but I could see that happening, they're severely understaffed and those that work there seem young.
That being said, I will give the 4 stars on their food and ambiance, really the food is 4 star food for the price point in my book.
I don't know if I've just not had Turkish, but the food here is awesome.
Everything is recognizable on the menu: schwarma, lamb shank, hummus, falafel, etc... but when it comes there is always a deliciously different taste to the food.
The baba ganoush is smokey, the falafel is served with a oniony cucumber sauce, and on and on...  Give this a shot.
Strong, yummy flavors in a relaxing, causal environment.
Come early for good service?
Dunno.

I've been here twice so far and have had excellent service both times...
The food here is divine.
I'm normally not a fan of lamb, but Efe's really knows what they're doing with it - fall-off-the-bone tender with no hint of gaminess whatsoever.
Falafel and hummus are excellent, but standard.
Lemony chicken soup was flavorful and creamy but not heavy.
Apple tea was a little sweet for me, but I would recommend it - iced or hot.
Even the rice is amazing, as are the beef dishes, and I love the slaw with mint.
Portions are huge.
I'm docking a star as the music, while live, is louder than fcuk.

Unique place that you wouldn't stop at unless you were recommended.
Seriously, this isn't the type of place you drive by and say 'oh, let's stop there' -- word of mouth is what I'm guessing drives this business.
We were recommended to visit this place by the entertainer for the evening, a belly dancer.
Efes isn't your typical sit-down restaurant -- in fact, you may have to kneel down.
The environment is to set a casual Turkish dinner setting.
If you have a big party, some of you may be sitting on the floor...don't worry, there are plenty of pillows.
The entertainment was good (if you like belly dancing) and the music was interesting.
Our party of 4 opted for the super sampler to start and the Efes mix to share.
I personally like this type of food.
Exotic, full of spices, not your typical meats.
My wife didn't necessarily find it great, but ate some and didn't complain :-).
I think the Doner Kabob was the best.
If you go with a group, the Efes mix was a great way to try a little of everything and was plenty of food for our party of 4.

a bit of a drive for us, but this was well worth it.
we met a fellow foodie couple here.
they have cool seating, with all the tapestries and low seating, but we opted for a table because i'd gots bad knees.
i had a spinach casserole type dish and it was abso-smurfly delic.
my girl had another veggie dish was also quite awesome.
and the cabbage salad that came on the side was incredible.
we also ordered a sampler appetizer and i loved everything on it....a little hummus and a few other items i don't really know because it was all in turkish.
i wanted a turkish coffee but the waitress said it was very strong and since i have an early bedtime, i waited on that one.
great food and our waitress was super attentive...something i've really come to appreciate as i've "matured".
2 entrees, an appetizer for 35 bucks.
not bad.....

Due to the bad economy, Efe's has closed.
I am so sad!

