I thoroughly enjoy Rocco's - the lunch special of a drink and two slices of cheese for $5 is fantastic, and the slices are huge.
If you like New York Style pizza, this is the best in the neighborhood.
I always get straight cheese.
The crust is perfectly done, just the right amount of sauce, and there isn't an insane amount of cheese.
All in all, for a neighborhood pizza place, it fits the bill.

This is my favorite pizza in Vegas.
It is certainly the best in the area.
The lunch special is good anytime and they have other good specials during the week.
I stop by at least once a week and look forward to it every time.
Way better than that overpriced trash they sell at the Delucia Pizzeria on Losee and  Centennial.

This is my second time there and the first time was much more memorable than this latest venture.
Sauce seemed a bit off, can't put my finger on it, but it seemed too bland almost watery.
Maybe I'll go back, maybe I won't.
There are enough other so-so places around that aren't as far away.

I've been a regular customer of Rocco's now for a little more than 2 years.
This is as authentic to New York pizza as it gets.
Great service, very speedy, friendly staff.

I've been coming to Rocco's for about 3 years now.
It's always good.
I don't think I've had a bad slice yet.
Their $4.99 lunch special (2 slices and soda) is perfect for me and my son when we want a quick lunch before heading to the park across the street.

Decent Pizza, decent price, super awesome family style service.
Have not been compelled to try it again as I am feinding for some good Me-N-Ed's from Central Cali, but if I had to have pizza in Las Vegas I would order it from here.
I loved the family owned service and personal touch.
Pizza was decent but to be fair I am super picky.

Stopped by for a couple slices for lunch today.
They have a $4.99 combo for 2 slices of cheese and a drink, $5.99 2 slices of peperoni and a drink, and $6.99 for 2 slices of combo and a drink.
Today the combo had mushroom, sausage, and pepperoni.
I had a drink with me so I asked if I could get the combo without the drink.
The cashier gave me $1 off.
The pizza could have been heated another minute longer, but it was still good.
They recently started a AYCE for $6.99, which includes pizza, salad, and pasta.
I will probably come back for that when I am on a mission to get my Fatty McFatfat on!!
The staff was friendly and we even had a conversation about various AYCE sushi spots around town!

Probably the best Pizza I've had in Vegas!
The Zeppoles are sooo good!!!
Great lunch special!
I love this place!

Though its been years since I've been back Rocco's was always good to me.
I was one of the early employees at the now defunct VEGAS SLIDERS and i'd spend my lunches at Rocco's over our greasy burgers

My boyfriend and I have been here twice and weren't pleased with the pizza either time.
Being from NJ, but only 15 minutes away from Manhattan, I think I have a pretty good idea of what NY pizza is supposed to be like.
Actually, forget that.
ANY pizza should not be like what I'm about to tell you.
Like what I saw at Rocco's, we have our pizzerias that keep the pizza out for a little bit; it cools down and the cheese starts to harden and turn a little translucent, but after heating them up, it's just fine.
Not a big deal.
Both times we were here, despite being reheated, it looked like crap.
They were really dry -- I don't mean just the cheese, which was still kinda hard, but the whole thing was really dry.
Why is my pizza so stiff?
I wondered how long pizzas were sitting out and made me wonder how their business is doing.
It didn't taste bad, but I'm used to having greasy, gooey cheese on my pizza.
Gooey, as in it's melted, and I can fold my slice in half easily because it's soft.
I live only a minute or two away from Rocco's, but I've had Vincenzo's pizza (on Craig) twice and really liked it.
I will gladly travel the extra distance to get some good NY pizza.

Two slices of cheese pizzas and a drink for $4.99+tax.
It a great deal because the cheese pizza is awesome.
Especially when they re- heat the pizza the crust magically gets tastier and crispier.
Perfect cheese to sauce ratio.
This is the only thing I have ever ordered from this place.
If you find something good why not stick with it right?

A place named Rocco's should do better than this.
I liked the idea of the 2 slices and a drink for $4.99!
I added sausage for $5.99 still good.
Just like other places by the slice they add toppings on a cooked pizza and throw it in the oven for a few minutes.
I am generally good with that.
The service was friendly and the places seemed pretty clean.
All good so far.
I posted a picture and you can see my problem.
They added suasage that had been shaved so thin it was practically translucent.
It was sliced so thin I could hardly taste it!
One slice of the pizza was soggy so I couldn't fold it the way I like - I had to fold it in half and then in half so I had a wad of pizza.
The other slice folded a little better.
I never thought I would say a pizza was too thin... but the pizza was too thin.
There was nothing to it...
The flavor of the pizza was just okay - I was underwhelmed by the whole experience.

i am from NY and will not eat pizza out here.
when rocco's opened in Aliante I gave it a try.
i have been back every other week since.
great pizza!!
sure there are times it isn't perfect.
it could be due to a new cook or something.
but overall, the pizza is great and I will continue to go back.

Not very happy with the pizza or thier service.
Its just pretty plain and lacks flavor.
The staff appears more interested in making you aware of thier tip jar then actually servicing the client.
Made me very uncomfortable.

We didn't try the pizza but we had the 3 meat Stromboli with Mozzarella cheese, a roasted  beef sandwich and 6 hot bbq wings.
They were all good - not necessarily on the healthy side but not too bad either.
The girl who worked there was super friendly.
The place is small but clean.
Perfect for a quick bite.
Will be back to try their pizza.

Rocco's is the best pizza I have found in NLV.
The pizza is thin crust with tasty sauce on it.
Their garlic knots are also quite good.
Rocco's has great lunch specials during the week, especially the all you can eat (includes unlimited pizza, salad, and pasta...no drink) for $6.99.
You normally get a side of the garlic knots to go with your meal, so you won't be going hungry after eating here.

So I won a gift card to Rocco's Pizzeria from a school event and thought I'd give the place a try.
I place my order over the phone and they said they'd have it done in 15 minutes, very convenient.
I got there and everything was ready I hand over my gift card to pay, and one employee starts arguing with another employee whether or not they accept it, as I awkwardly stand there.
They finally come to the conclusion and I take my food and leave.
I ordered a Cobb Salad, and 2 sandwiches (not all for me).
The salad had slices of ham the size someone should get on Christmas and looked as though it had been cured during the revolutionary war.
The sandwiches we're not very appetizing either.
Rocco's claim to fame is their pizza which I did not try, and from this experience I won't be anytime soon.

Coming back into town from the North side on the I-15, I was supposed to meet up with someone around the Aliante area after lunch time.
Drove around the area looking for something, wanting to avoid a chain sit down restaurant or fast food, we saw Rocco's.
Walking in, they have New York photos, sports memorabilia and such adorning all of the walls and most of the flat surfaces.
Their menu was surprisingly huge for a pizza place as well.
The cashier seemed a little cold and distant when we got there, almost like a true New Yorker, troubled that we would show up and make her do something.
Settling on a special of a salad, slice of pizza and drink, we sat down in the slightly cramped dining area awaiting our meals.
Our salads came out first, they were decently sized, with lettuce that was almost fresh and not that brown around the edges of some pieces.
Next came our pizza, good sized, NY style pizza by appearance.
Once it hit our mouths though... it was very bland.
The crust was tough and crunchy, to the point of being tough to rip bites away from the slice.
I can't say that I was impressed by their take on NY pizza, or pizza in general, nor can I say that I will ever want to go back.
On the other side, the staff did seem less stand-offish once we were heading out, one gentleman held the door for our group and wished us well for the day.

Avoid this place....
I have tried this place two time, both times horrrible...
The reason I went for a 2nd time is cause a good friend said its pretty good... Needless to say he isn no longer a friend LOL.. JK....
I walked in,,, looked that the pizza's they had, I was like, OK this is promising...
I got the all you can eat... 7.99+2.70 for beverage....
I felt I was cheated...
These clowns have the worst dough ever... Could of used Play Dough would of tasted better...
Tried the pasta, talk about crap...
Chef boy r dee would of been better....  Only thing that didnt suck was the PEPSI...
I am beginning to think there is no where in this valley to get a decent NY STYLE Pizza...
Try again ROCCO..  5/31/12 Tried thiis place again cause my dumbass friend bought a pizza to go...
I thought he was getting Dominos but he thought he would try this place...
I told him how i felt about this pizza and its staff.. Well i had a slice... LMAO it was still horrible...
He tried it and said WTF is this,, we promptly threw it out, and to Arby's..
Try again Rocco,, maybe you should just use Red Barron Pizza and pass it off as yours..  TOTAL FAIL

A-OK.  Of course I have to try the closest pizza joint that isn't Domino's, Papa John's, or the like.
One never knows when that kind knowledge will come in handy.
So my intent wasn't to be wow'd by some gourmet offering.
I just wanted some good pizza.
My measuring stick ended up being a standard Hawai'ian, and standard it was.
I didn't set out to be impress, and I certainly wasn't beyond expectations.
Was it good enough?
Heck yeah.
Decent thin crust which was cooked till crispy and not beyond -- which I find cheaper places either get right or royally screw up.
There were enough toppings to get the job done.
Order was made and good to go in a very acceptable amount of time.
Friendly service, and their pizza boxes support recycling.
All-in-all, mission complete.

After almost 3 yrs of living near Rocco's, I decided to try it for lunch.
The shop is crowded feeling and just feels in need of improvement.
I didn't actually see any items in need of repair.
You just get that cluttered, time to spruce up feeling.
I ordered a meat stromboli.
The dough was crisp and appealing looking.
The meats plentiful, but mostly a boiled ham and not salami or pepperoni.
That's pretty typical of most fast food places.
It felt like the food took longer than needed to get to me.
No one else was ordering at the time.
When it arrived, the ends of the stromboli were steaming hot, as they should be!
But the middle was mildly warm.
The dipping sauce was cold.
Everything tasted okay.
I've had better as the 2-stars indicate.
I don't see me returning.
PS- I posted a pic.

Worst service ever!
First and last time!

NY style Pizza good flavor but the crust was too dry.
OK for getting a Slice to go.

This is a cozy Mom-n-Pop kinda place.
Enjoyed some of the very best pizza and cannoli in all of Vegas.
While I ate there a few days ago I had the pleasure to meet the owner, wonderful woman who you can tell pours her heart into this place!
Cool wall deco, great ambiance, and an avid customer base that stays loyal--one visit and I know why!!
I'll be back!
:O)

We tried this restaurant one night and went back again a week later.
Definitely some of the friendliest staff we have had service from and we got out to eat frequently.
When you are paying, you can try samples of desserts!
The first night we got garlic knot sliders and stromboli and maybe something else and the next time we got stromboli, garlic knot sliders and a couple other things.
So far we have not tried the pizza, but give us time.
Everything was exclellent and both times we got garlic knots while we were waiting for the food.
Portions are large and all was very tasty - love the garlic knot sliders!!
They have a lot of specials and prices are very reasonable.
We found out they deliver to our area, too - bonus!!
and let me just mention again, excellent customer service!

really good pizza for the aliante area.
destroys the chain places and the prices are pretty good.
I'll be going back for sure.

First...FAMILY owned.
Great pizza..the sauce is tasty crust yummy.
I frequent local family owned businesses most of the time.
This is our family pizza place for sure!
Woot!

Looks like they took a mediocre restaurant and expanded it to make it exceptionally bad.
Bad food and worse customer service.
Hint to wait staff, hand tattoos are rarely a good idea, having no clue about your job is even worse.
So let's see,bad food , lousy service, increasingly sketchy location.
If I was in this area and Rocco's was the only place to eat I would go to Aliante Park,kill a duck and grill it over an open fire, it would be much more appetizing and quicker too.

OK  decided to try this was place for 2 reasons.
) We got a flyer in the mail advertising a salad bar which was perfect because I could take my family for pizza and I could eat the salad bar and 2.
) Because when I went on YELP to check it out I read bad reviews from what seemed like someone trying to sabotage them.
So we decided to give it a try and support the local family business.
We stopped in about 730 on a Sunday night after driving in from California.
The first disappointment was that there was no salad bar.
So I was a little's pissed off, but my family wanted pizza and it was getting late so we decided to get the pizza to go.
Not complaining about the service.
Everyone seemed friendly and it seems they have quite a few regulars that dine there.
Plus they had football on so we could see the game while we waited for our food.
We ordered a large pizza and it was HUMONGOUS.
OK, in all honesty, I don't eat pizza so I personally didn't try the pizza, but my family said it was pretty delicious.
They liked that the crust was thin and not thick and "doughy" and said it was pretty decent.
I didn't see what all the bad reviews were about we personally had an OK experience.
Besides the false advertising of the full salad bar which I'm still kinda Mad about, but in all fairness everything else was not bad.
We most likely will wait until they really DO HAVE the salad bar before we return, but if your in the mood for pizza and live close by this place isn't bad.
Don't believe the yelp hype.

Good pizza.
However, their veal Marsala (chef's recommendation) was not great.
Go for their pizza.
Service is good, too.

Never had better pizza in Vegas!!
Love the Rocco, sadly not all Roccos are created equal.
Rocco on W Charleston is not as good and disappointed me when in comparison to this location.
The reason being, The owners are different.

Good food !
Great service!
Amanda is the best!

Delicious pizza and courteous staff !!
Ordered and enjoyed some pizza and wings...
I will order again and their prices are great as well

We have ordered your cold sandwiches previously, and thought we would try a hot sandwich this time.
We ordered for carry out.
The staff was very nice and friendly.
We ordered a corn beef and pastrami sandwich and a corn beef melt with a side order of onion rings.
I was so disappointed with the quality of our food.
The onion rings were drenched in oil and very soggy.
My corn beef and pastrami sandwich was served with the heal of the rye bread.
It was served with the heal on the bottom, as though they were hiding it.
The bread was stale and dry on both sandwiches.
The meat tasted so processed, for the cost of $17.00 for the two sandwiches I could have gone 5 doors down and bought fresher bread and better tasting meat.
Please don't pass your stale heals off to carry out orders,  because the customer will not return.
I am Italian and this is not quality I was raised with.
We believe in fresh and good quality, not the garbage you are serving.
Good luck, if this is the best you can do.

Moved to the NW last year and I have become a big fan of Roccos.
The pizza is great with a full amount of quality toppings on each slice.
You can choose pizza by slice or small medium and large.
Pizzas are massive so choose wisely unless you want to take some home for later.
The menu goes beyond pizza and I am looking forward to trying the wide selections of pastas, soups, and breads.
Roccos also offers Italian Gellato is also available to complete the meal.
Soda, milk or juice for the kids, and a decent selection of beer or wine for mom and dad.
Roccos is much more than pizza.
The dining experience is enjoyable at Roccos as well.
A recently expanded dining area with added tables, arcade and small play area for the kids and flat screen TVs add to the family atmosphere.
Customer service is small town like, something rare in this city.
Employees have paid for arcade games for my kids, given us free garlic bread as we waited for the pizza, lets us taste the wine and other warm gestures.
They make you want to be generous with your tip!
In conclusion, after reading this review, you are now informed enough to not choose Domino's!

My favorite pizza joint in LV.

I've been here quite a few times since they opened.
The pizza is a nice thin crust and flavorful.
The appetizers are excellent.
Prices are reasonable especially if you enjoy the lunch specials.
They have recently expanded to add further dining area which is also nice.

This place has very good NY style pizza I grew up just outside of New York City so I like to believe I have a decent idea of what good NY style pizza is.
Not to mention the lunch specials they have are pretty decent.
Nice amount of seating now that they opened it up.
It's also nice to see the same waitress every time we go and we only go every few months.
Very friendly and inviting.

I can't believe the ratings arent higher!
Loved this place tonight!
Been looking for a GREAT local pizza joint&I'm glad we stopped here!
Pizza was amazing, garlic knot slider was ADDICTIVELY good!
Our server, Robin, kicked butt as a server and was really nice.
We can't wait to come back!

Great pizza!
I had the Rocco's wild white buffalo chicken garlic sauce.
The fried Mac and cheese bites were a great starter and super cheesy!
Our server was great very friendly

Quick one here....went back since we were up that way and the place kicked butt again.
Robin was as sweet as always, food was awesome-except the garlic knot sliders, they were AMAZINGGGGGGGGGG.
Great food, sincere staff and a nice place.
Im gonna keep comin back!

I didn't want to eat here, but my Boyfriend  wanted to give this restaurant a try.
I was pleasantly surprised.
The food came in generous proportions.
The orders took a little longer to be prepared, because they were made fresh.
We had garlic knots, pepperoni/sausage pizza, and the garlic bread.
All the ingredients on the pizza were fresh.
The dough was delicious when it was hot, but when the breading got cold, it became a little bit rubbery.
The crust was just so-so.
The factor that really got Rocco's an extra star from average was the customer services.
The server Ashley went above and beyond.
She was so friendly and accommodating, that she changed my mind about not wanting to give the restaurant a chance.
Overall, I would come back for another visit.

My husband and I were having a lazy Friday night so we decided to order delivery and found Rocco's menu in our stack to try.
It was over an hour before our food was delivered and even though we were both starving, I could not force myself to finish the food.
My husband got the calzone- there was a severe lack of seasoning.
The crust was like eating cardboard.
It was chewy and had absolutely no flavor.
Usually pizza crust is my favorite, but if their pizza crust is anything like this calzone then I would highly not recommend.
Even dredging the calzone in marinara sauce did not rescue this sad little dish.
I ordered the Chicken marsala.
The menu said it came on a bed of pasta.
So I assumed that the pasta would be dressed with sauce, maybe some cheese?
Salt?
Seasoning?
Anything?
Nope, I was wrong.
The "bed of pasta" was literally pasta drained from the boiling water straight into the take out container.... now why would I want to eat plain pasta??
Disgraceful.
I even tried to find some marsala sauce to toss over the pasta, but it was non-existent.
The Chicken marsala completely lacked flavor and seasoning.
Completely under-salted - and I normally hate salty food.
They might as well rename this dish- plain chicken breast over a bed of plain pasta.
Garlic knots- When i heard my entree came with garlic knots I was very excited!
I love anything carbs and bread.
Boy was I disappointed.
These knots were hard and extremely stale.
What a let down.
I have to admit that we did not try the pizza and I know this place is a pizzeria, but based on the dishes that we did try, I will not waste anymore money and time order from this place.
Sorry for the harsh review, but if you can't make the dish right, then take it off the menu.

The only reason i didn't give 5 stars is the price.
Rocco's is pricey for a pizza joint.
That being said, they have an awesome Monday special, large cheese pizza for $8.99 ($1.50 for toppings) We get this a lot and wish it was cheaper then $8 for 5 chicken fingers, to make out meal complete.
I love the environment, the staff, and the energy of the place.
Lastly, being from the east coast, pizza in Vegas is a joke (aside from north end pizza) but Rocco's reminds me of home.

I wrote a detailed review of my experience with this place and for some reason it was removed..
hmmm...??
Anyway having ordered food from this place on more than one occasion ( I tried it again.. because my husband didn't know any better having not tried it the first time)  So I will simply state:  1.
Order was wrong on both occasions 2.
The pizza didn't taste good 3.
Management wasn't helpful in fixing my order and had an attitude.
The only reason I didn't give it a 1-star rating is because it at least appeared to be clean.
It takes a pretty bad experience for me to take time to write a negative review.
I can deal with wrong orders to an extent and not too good food, but rudeness on top of it all, not only left me with a sour feeling in my stomach, but made me angry.
There are some other really good places to get pizza in town.
If you happen upon this place.. my advice is to move on.

We love Rocco's.
We go there at least once, if not two or three times a month.
We prefer mom and pop type places, and this is close to our house.
But we made a mistake going there last night.
I couldn't believe the service.
We had had this waitress before, and we just know every time that it is going to be a huge pain every time.
But we still go!
But last night.... We arrived about 10 after 7 or so.
There were two other occupied tables there.
I think we were greeted, but then we sat.
And sat.
And sat some more.
Finally, the girl came to take our drink order.
By this time, we were ready to order our food.
She seemed surprised that we were ready to order, but it had been about 20 minutes by then.
We order food and drinks, and then we wait!
There were other people working on the counter side, but I am not sure if they're not able to help fill drink orders.
We got our drinks, and waited some more for the salads that came with the combo.
Finally got the salads, and we overheard the waitress talking to another person about our pizza being messed up.
The other person asked her what we wanted her to do.
Well, she never discussed it with us!
Finally my husband asked her if our pizza was messed up.
She said yes!
We figured out what we would be doing about it, and all should have been well.
Drinks went dry.
There was absolutely no pep in the step of anyone working.
The place was empty!
I don't understand what the issue was!
But this has been a problem with this waitress in the past, so I guess we should not be surprised.
I really hope that some changes are made with regard to the lack of enthusiasm with the staff.
I had a coworker suggest checking in to see if that particular waitress is there, and if she is, we just go elsewhere.
That sucks to have to do that, but maybe that's what we will do.

I like Rocco's.
It's good, local made pizza and pasta.
Their pizza is good, but their pasta is better.
Lot's of flavor with a freshness which is so often lacked in chain store pizzas.
Never eat chain store pizza, what a waste of time.
If you are within 5 miles of the Aliante then you need to make Rocco's one of your choices for Italian.
Here is a little strange tidbit about Rocco's.
I give their fresh pizza about 3 and 1/2 stars.
However, I give their day old pizza (you know, the stuff that sits in the box all night and you warm it up in the toaster the next day) 5 out of 5 stars.
It is by far the best day old pizza I have ever had.
The crust has an excellent flavor the next day.
I think I am going to have to buy two pizzas from now own, one to eat fresh and one for the next day.

Sooooooo done with this place!
The dine in service is hit or miss.
Mostly miss.
The food is usually good, but overpriced.
Don't waste your time.
Please note: this used to be one of our favorite places.
Thumbs down.

I went here today and I must say that it was just OK.
I had 2 slices of cheese pizza, and while that might not be the best choice to critique the place, I felt it gave me a good baseline.
There's really not that much to report.
The slices were huge and filling, the cheese was good and the service was pleasant.
Speaking of the service, I went during lunch time and the place was empty, but since I planned to eat it, I had to be waited on.
I didn't think it was necessary and it cost me more since I felt compelled to leave a tip, although not that much work was done on their part.
Overall though, I would go back there again and try the garlic slider, that looks interesting.

I remember when they first opened years ago and I liked this place.
They've expanded and remodeled the place.
Along with that was a decline in the quality of their food.
My friend and I shared a medium half everything, half pepperoni pizza and rainbow cookies.
Pizza: What the heck happened to their crust?
It was like eating a cracker - pale and flavorless.
What the heck happened to the pizza?
It's just not as good as the last time I've been here.
I had to fix it by dousing it with hot sauce.
2/5  Rainbow Cookies: When I think of rainbows, I think happy thoughts.
I tried their rainbow cookies and I was hoping my trip to New York was soon enough so I can get the real deal.
This brought me great disappointment.
It was dry and tasted so artificial.
Never again will I try rainbow cookies from this town if it's not from Bagel Cafe.
1/5

They need a new person taking the orders over the phone.
So rude I cancelled our order.

Decent pizza, decent service.
I won't drive out of my way, but I'll stop by if I'm in the neighborhood again...

Love this place!
I've been going here since they were tiny with just a handful of tables, before they expanded.
A great mom n' pop place that offers both great service and food!
Try the buffalo chicken pizza, delicious!!

After almost a year, decided to try this place again.
It was a random, last minute choice.
Noticed they remodeled the place...NICE!
My group of 6 and I, decided to dine in.
Place looked very welcoming and so, why not?!
Our server (didn't get his name) young guy was extremely helpful and was very attentive of our needs.
Immediately took our drinks orders, and brought out a basket of garlic knots-on the house!
Knots were fresh out of the oven, cheesy and soft.
4/5.
I ordered their chicken fingers and fries from the lunch menu and they were BOMB.COM!
Someone in my group ordered wings and a pep Stromboli, but they were not too pleased.
The server never failed to come for refills and was on point at all times.
I've tried them prior to remodeling and have always been satisfied with their pizza.
Today's visit also was pleasant.
Overall, 3/5.

Good good pizza.
I loved it.
Honestly it was some of the better pizza I've had.
I am not of fan of all the ny team stuff but I'm not an "ambience" eater so I could care less.
Staff was friendly $8 got me 2 slices that were great and I couldn't finish; a large coke with a refill and I got some great pizza.

If I could use one word to describe Rocco's it'd be: HUGE.
The size of the pizzas and slices are hella big!
There's no way I could eat more than 2 slices, and it's a shame, because I don't want to stop eating cuz it's so good!
So far I've tried 4 of their toppings: cheese, pepperoni, meat lovers, and supreme.
All very delicious.
My favorite has to be meat lovers because the sausages they put on it taste like real authentic Italian cooked sausages.
Another thing I have to mention are tier garlic knots.
We get the order of 6 knots for $3.99.
& Just like the pizza, the knots are pretty big.
It comes with marinara sauce but the knots are made with such a perfect blend of butter and garlic that they taste perfectly fine the way they are.
They have daily lunch specials for really cheap.
I got the 1 slice of cheese pizza + side salad and my bf got 2 slices of cheese pizza and we also ordered the garlic knots.
Our total was under $17 which is pretty good if you ask me, considering how much food we get.
Last but not least the service was great.
The people there are super friendly, they gave the place a homely vibe.

This place is great for delivery.. We have never eaten there before and decided to try them out.
Pizza is great.. Ny style!
Our new fav place for delivery pizza!

Rocco's is probably the best pizza you're going to find in the Aliante area of North Las Vegas.
The slices are big, and they come somewhat close to resembling "New York" style.
They expanded the small shop to include a dining room within the past year or so, so you can comfortably dine in here if you prefer.
There are plenty of other options besides pizza (available by the slice), from hot Italian sandwiches to linguine with clam sauce.
The pasta dishes are decent, priced a bit high, but the portions are quite large for one person.
They also have gelato, which you're probably not going to find too many places around the area.
The service is very friendly, alcohol available.

I can't believe this place doesn't have a higher rating.
Best pizza in town!
Excellent customer service!
Always service with a smile!

When this place first opened up it was actually very good.
My girlfriend and I have eaten there several times and each subsequent time the quality of food has decreased.
So we just decided to stop eating there and got our pizza from hungry howies down the street.
We decided to give it another shot last weekend and let me tell you it has gotten even worse!
We ordered take out 2 pizza's one med and the other large and it was the biggest grease slick I have ever seen not to mention the fact that we paid 42.00 for something that I wouldn't have given a homeless person because it was so bad.
We almost decided to take the pizza back but we feared we would have made a scene.
You have lost our business forever.
I don't know what you have changed but it's definitely not a move in the right direction.

After too many chances that I have given this establishment to provide fresh quality food and to get my order right, I have decided to never support this poorly managed place ever again.
Save your money, try Old School Pizzeria directly across from the Cannery.
It's a bit of a drive for me but my family and I deserve quality food made with fresh ingredients and care.
Try Old School Pizzeria, you will not be disappointed.

The pizza is amazing and the specials are extremely affordable!
All their food is wonderful I've never been disappointed!

Went here for lunch the other day and ordered the $5.99 2 slices of cheese and a drink.
Also ordered a side of garlic knots that I read in the reviews were tasty.
The pizza is definitely a huge portion for the price.
But you get what you pay for and it tasted okay but i wouldn't say delicious.
The knots were a doughy and not a whole lot of garlic.
I wouldn't come back here for the pizza but I'll give this place another try down the road and order something else on the menu.

