The food here is superb.
Try the Tom Yum Gai, Beef Panang or the eggplant salad.
The service may not always be as good as it could be, (slow, sulrly even at times) but the excellent food and reasonable prices make it forgiveable.
The buffet lunch is a MUST.
For about $7 you can eat all you'd like of a wide range of Thai dishes that alternate daily.
This is a great place for heat-lovers.
Order any dish with a chile next to it and tell your server how spicy you want it, on a scale from 1 to 10.
Less than 5 is for sissys.
The 6 and 7 range is about right.
Anything 8 or above may incinerate your mouth.

More food for your money than Thai Bail, Lemongrass or other Thai places of that caliber.
I had #71 or #72 (which should tell you how extensive their menu is), which was beef with green beans and carrots.
I ordered 10 hot on a 10-point scale, and it was hot, but not unbearable.
Like I said, it's about the same as the others.
The service was so slow, but the woman was nice and offered dessert because one of our members is a long-time customer.
Put it on your list if you haven't tried it.

Hi- new to yelp and to Phoenix- but wanted to put a plug in for Pink Pepper.
While relocating here and living out of hotels, I found myself going back to this place at least twice a week- both for the food and the friendly people.
The service is great, the prices are reasonable, and the food is fresh and very authentic.
Of course, being new to the area, I haven't really checked out many other places!
But I have been to Thailand and Pink Pepper's food is very authentic.
If you're looking for trendy decor or a place to be seen, this is probably not the place for you.
But if you want good Thai- go here, ask for the seafood salad- and if you like it really hot, say "pet mahk mahk!
" and be prepared!

Yikes!
This place was not what I expected after reviewing the previous Yelps.
My mom and I went there for the lunch buffet for $9.99.
Perhaps that was the mistake?
The buffet runs until 2:00 and we arrived around 1:00.
We should have turned around and left immediately when we noted only four people in the entire restaurant.
The food on the line was obviously the same stuff they put out at 11am.
The pad thai was forgettable which is what I had my mouth set on and the chicken panang had no chicken that I could find.
The wonton salad was good except for the limp, soggy, saturated wonton strips....so- I guess just the salad was good.
The chicken wings were great except there were only a couple of lonely wings to sample and they were not refilled even when a few new brave people straggled in.
The service was near non-existant.
It was their lunch time too, I guess because they were all sitting in a booth off to the side eating.
We received our drinks when we were seated, and after that only once more when we asked when they finally provided the bill.
We used another non-bussed table to put our used dishes on after realizing that they were more than happy to let the dirty dishes sit on our table during our meal.
I don't know, maybe it's worth going there for dinner?
I won't be finding out.

Newly remodeled, the Pink Pepper in Mesa has long been one of our favorite lunch time destinations.
Serving both menu items and a diverse if somewhat "Americanized" Thai buffuet.
However the quality of the food has suffered at The Pink Pepper over the previous year, with more gristle on the chicken and less pork and beef present in those dishes on the buffet line.
The food recently was disappointing, not having the usual "kick" one expects Thai food to have.
When we asked the owner if there had perhaps been a chef change his replay was "No, no changes, all the same".
But it wasn't the same and that is a shame.
We will try Pink Pepper again of course, after all we have been going for years and a few off days should not deter us.
But I must say that we were a bit dissappointed.

First timer and man did we have a good time!
We were a walk-in party of 10 and we were quickly and easily accomodated.
Our server was one of the owners and she was very helpful with our choices as well as providing quick service with piping hot food.
Our group sampled a wide variety of dishes including combo appetizer, the ma tar bah, the thai fried wontons, Chicken Pad Thai, Spicy Thai Wrap with chicken and shrimp, the BBQ chicken, Gai Ping, Grilled Pork with Spicy Pineapple, and Crispy Chicken in Spicy Thai sauce.
Every last dish was excellent and served hot.
Can't wait to go back again...even if it is an hour away from my house!

I really liked this place!
Good service, friendly, and the food was quite tasty.
Appetizers, main dishes, the works.
All good.
I highly recommend Pink Pepper, and I know that I and my family will be back!

10/16 Stumbled upon Pink Pepper as I was heading towards a second Thai option when my first option, owned by a coworker and his children, was rented out for a reception Friday evening.
I've wanted to visit PP for years, but never had a chance.
Darol (RIP), an ex-coworker, and I would exchange foodie stories of our fave places, and PP was the only place he'd go when he had a craving for Thai.
(He resided in Thailand for a few years and considered himself well-versed in the cuisine.
)  So, en route to my second choice, I spotted the Pink Pepper logo in the distance and said, "Why the hell not?
"  "Today's the day!
"  It was very dead in there.
(Ya, not just dead.
VERY dead!
LOL.
)  Besides me, I spotted my server, who must've been the owner, and an elderly woman rolling up silverware in cloth napkins.
Granted, it was around 3, 330'ish in the afternoon, and lunch had just ended at 2:30p.
(The buffet pans were still emitting heat as they cooled down.
)  But I'm not one to let empty rooms sway me away, so I asked for a table.
I liked the ambience- warm, inviting, w/ lovely colors.
Loved the floral salad plates that sat at the table, which I've spotted at Sur La Table before.
Made me wish I'd splurged and bought them then.
Apparently, these plates are only used for show, bec.
they were removed moments after I sat down.
Chose to skip the app course and ordered green curry w/ chicken (came w/ rice).
At $9.50,  I thought that this entree better be good!
While I waited, I checked out the rest of the menu and liked what I saw.
If the dish turned out great, I'll be coming back to check the rest out soon enough.
I also spotted a cocktails menu on the table that had quite a few good-tasting options to choose from.
My entree arrived after about 10 to 15 minutes.
The portion was smaller than I'm used to seeing for the price, so I was really hoping that I was getting a very tasty meal.
I shouldn't have worried!
Pink Pepper's green curry has placed Pink Pepper Thai pretty high on my list of places for green curry!!
(Try that for a tongue-twister!
)  The coconut curry sauce was thick and super-creamy, and medium heat was just perfect for me!
I also loved the variety of veggies used- there was an extra item there that wasn't listed on the menu.
(Thank goodness I did not have any adverse reactions.
)  It took all of my will AND the thought of ordering dessert to keep me from finishing the entire order!
Looking back, I could've squeezed three decent servings out of that meal, especially knowing what I know now... that Pink Pepper's homemade coconut ice cream is freaking AMAZING!
Those w/ a peanut allergy should know to alert the server of this fact, bec.
this not overly-sweet sweet comes w/ a generous topping of peanuts.
Ohhh...
I just got the shivers up and down my spine (the good kind!
) recalling how great my meal ended!
Service was friendly and efficient, if a little lonely.
I'm going to assume it was bec.
he was by himself in the front.
Perhaps w/ busier hours it'll be easier to flag someone down.
One low point was the restroom visit- the temperature was significantly warmer at that part of the building.
Consider yourself warned.

I love Pink Pepper on Bell Rd., so this time, it was exciting to get together with Norm R. & Mike C., & do a comparison with this location.
Over here, Pink Pepper has the same delicious, unusual food, but in a less comfortable environment.
There was outside light glaring in from two sides at lunchtime, & they have a strange liquor bar right out in the middle of the room.
To me, this dining room layout is a mess, & really needs re-doing!
Then over at the serving area, the 31 main food items were almost all unlighted, sitting there somewhat in the dark!
What's up with THAT?¿?
With 5-Star food here in a 2-Star setting, I recommend going to the Pink Pepper on Bell Rd.
instead, where everything is right.
Meanwhile, right next door over HERE is Grumpy Uncle's Pakistani Copper Kettle, of all places!
Yum!
Have an excellent lunch experience over there instead, Uncle & all!
Pink Pepper Mesa:  Lunch Buffet $8.50, Full Bar.
Mini Update 7/12/10:  Pink Pepper on Bell Rd.
is now Tara Thai.
Still same great buffet at about the same price.

well by now you probably read Rand H. rant about the way this place is laid out.
Well i feel all the ranting should have been aimed at how great the food was.I would have been happy sitting out on the curb with a plate of this food.Everything i tried was good even the cream of wheat soup.There BBQ pork and creamy chicken dish left you wanting more.
the only thing missing from this buffet was a seafood entree.no shrimp, fish, crab balls nothing!!!
and a limited selection of sweets which i love.
They had small chinese donuts, some fruit salad and these candied noodles that looked like shreaded carrots they were real crispy but not bad.Anyway if you ever pop in the Pink Pepper for a buffet i am sure you will leave happy and full.

I enjoyed the lunch buffet at Pink Pepper on Bell Rd.
in Phoenix, so I had to try this location in Mesa for the lunch buffet too.
I really enjoyed my meal, from the crispy tempura veggies (not Thai, I know, but darn good) to the salt and pepper chicken, to the savory beef and chicken dishes - especially that delightful crispy chicken in creamy sauce.
And they had two tofu dishes, both good - a plus for me, since not too many buffets serve tofu, which I love.
The fried rice and the pad thai were just OK, and dessert was limited to cubed fresh fruit, sweet fried noodles, orange slices, and those small doughnuts found in most Asian buffets.
The buffet dishes were on big portable buffet carts  in a very dimly lit area of the restaurant, suggesting that perhaps the restaurant had not originally planned to offer buffet when it was being conceived.
I wish that they had at least put lamps in there to light up the dishes being served.
Nevertheless, I found the food to be good and the service attentive, though more businesslike than friendly.
A pleasant buffet dining experience overall.

My wife and I went here last night at about 7pm.
The place was eerily dead.
There were probably 4 other people in the entire place.
I know the saying, "nobody likes to eat in an empty restaurant", but we didn't care and decided to give this place a try.
For many reasons, I really really really do not enjoy giving sub-par reviews so I will try to be gentle and concentrate on what I liked sprinkled with a few things that could be improved upon.
If I had to rate a place only on decor, bathrooms and stickiness of my table; this place would not do very well.
Good thing I was here for the food.
Our waiter was very fast and friendly.
He was a very soft spoken gentlemen and it was difficult to understand him at times.
He was fast to refill waters and diet cokes so I really can't complain.
Here is what we ordered:  *Thai Spring Rolls - these were excellent as was the dipping sauce which had a nice kick to it.
I would order these again.
*Tom Yum Goong - this had a nice kick and a nice flavor.
However, I would have liked more "stuff" in it.
It came with some mushrooms and shrimp, but could have used a bit more.
I would order this again but some of their other soups looked good as well.
*Steak & Chicken with Spicy Thai Lemon Garlic Sauce - this was ok.
It was just some strips of cheap beef and chicken with some sauce.
The chicken was good but the beef was just eh.
I probably wouldn't order this again.
*Garlic and Peppers - this was just ok too.
My wife ordered it with tofu instead of chicken, but we got the chicken anyway.
We didn't send it back because I don't like doing that and maybe this was a "sign" to try the chicken because it is amazing.
Anyway, the dish had good flavor but it was eh.
My wife would probably order this again, but I wouldn't.
For the heath conscious, each of our entrees were not covered in tons of sauce so that's a plus.
However, the menu said they had brown rice, but we were told they didn't have any so that was a negative.
I haven't had much Thai food in my day, but I think this place is more Chinese than Thai.
Perhaps we just didn't order the right things?
Judging by the reviews on here it looks like I should have done my homework before my visit to be sure I ordered properly.
I wouldn't rush back here but I won't cross it off my list just yet because I don't think I ordered what I should have.
However, as far as Thai food goes in my book, it is Thai Basil all the way.

I am not sure if I want to review this place or not.
I mean, the other reviews made this place sound great.
Was that during Happy Hour or something?
I wasn't at all impressed with the restaurant decor.
My sister Cher T and I came here because I was wanting Thai food and She heard that this place had good reviews.
The buffet looked skimpy and looked like it's been out for a while.
We sat by the window that appeared to have a couple of bullet holes in them.
I was facing east and noticed the pile of stuff in the corner and my first thought was that is a potential fire hazard.
Our waiter was invisible during the entire meal, what should have been an hour was more like 2 hour lunch.
I don't even think the waiter asked for our drinks, so we both had water.
I ordered Green Curry.
Since I was in the mood to try something different.
It tasted good, however the rice noodles were clumpy and stuck together.
I had to cut into the noodles to eat it.
The spring rolls Cher got were good along with that peanut sauce.
I don't think I will return in the future.
Sorry!

I went to the Pink Pepper today with two friends for the lunch buffet.
I've been here once before (also for the buffet) and the food is great.
Wonderful curries, great tofu dishes, and equally delicious pad-thai.
I especially liked the curried veggies today - I love coconut red curry!
The meal comes with iced tea, and for about $9, it's worth it.

I really like the lunch buffet - good price and good food.
I have only been there one for dinner - probably 3 years ago - and it was really busy and the service was very slow.
But the buffet is always good, i go there probably once a month.

Food was GREAT!
Loved the appetizers, and the main dishes.
Service was friendly and let my co-workers & I enjoy a nice quiet meal.
We had the drunken noodles, Gai Pan & Cashew & Chicken...all of which exceeded expectations.
The ONLY part that lacked (besides the decor), was the wine menu.
The wine menu was small & everything we asked for they were out of.
Finally, the gentleman brought over a wine he thought we might like, and we agreed.
All in all, great experience, and the best (and only) Thai food I've had in Arizona!
: )

I'm not a fan of buffets at all, but for Pink Pepper I always make an exception.
The food is amazing and even worth the lunch price if you only get one plate!
Dinner is a little expensive but the food is still just as wonderful.
The service is nice and the family always recognizes us.
Big fan :}   Give them your business!

I haven't tried their buffet yet because I always over eat then end up feeling uncomfortable all day.
The beef salad (yam neua) was exceptional.
Thin slices of rare sirloin in a huge serving all hot and spicy Thai peppers, cilantro, fish sauce, romaine lettuce, shallots,  garlic, and some crisp cabbage to put the fire out, just the way I like it.
Very authentic.

My husband and I took his mother out for her birthday lunch and our first impression was not good.
Because it never dawned on us that we could just turn around and walk right out, we proceeded on to the buffet.
To put it bluntly, it was gross.
It was the smallest, greasiest Chinese Buffet we had ever seen.....and it was equally confusing to us because we thought we were at a Thai restaurant!!!
No one in our party enjoyed the food.
My husband powered down his one and only plate, my mother-in-law politely ate all her food but enjoyed little, and I sat back and enjoyed my Thai Iced Tea and waited for it all to be over.
The worst $30 I have ever spent.
I will never return.

My husband and I ate here for dinner.
We had pad Thai, spring rolls, crab rolls, and the teriyaki chicken.
All of it was good.
Someone that we were with had the spicy BBQ chicken and that too was good.
Everyone was nice.
The only reason why I didn't give it five stars is because for some reason they didn't have ac in the bathroom.
Its summer so I got hot while waiting.
It may have been just the day or who knows it may be the slow economic times.
I will return for dinner.

After driving by this place forever, two co-workers and I finally tried it out yesterday to see how the Pink Pepper stacks up against other Thai restaraunts in town.
The first thing that we noticed right away was the very small number of people dining here (as compared to their competitors).
Service was good - they were very friendly, but when we asked for a menu they immediately pushed us towards the buffet special, saying that the food on the buffet line contained the best items off of their menu.
So, we went ahead and gave it a try.
After we were done, we all pretty much came to the same conclusion - mediocre.
Nothing really stood out.
One of the rice dishes had some kick to it, but otherwise the food was pretty bland for Thai.
The quality of the meat/chicken was so-so.
In all fairness, we did not try ordering anything off their menu, so maybe they deserve another shot there.
If Thai food is your thing, there are other places in town that run circles around this place (Swaddee Thai & Yupha's Thai).

My husband and I ate here today by default as we planned to eat at the Cornish Pasty next door but the music inside(and blaring out into the parking lot) was SO LOUD we had to walk out.
We chose the Pink Pepper as we like Thai food.
It was the WORST I have ever eaten.
THE WORST!
Thai?
Chinese?
Who knows but the buffet lunch was disgusting.
Total waste of money.
Good shopping mall restaurants to avoid.

I was soooo looking forward to this place.
It's got great curb appeal.
But I had a horrible experience.
....IT STARTED AND ENDED WITH THE COCKROACH IN MY FOOD.
I'm not lying.
Makes me question their best practices in the kitchen...
I gave it 2 stars because the food wasn't particularly bad (what they replaced it with)... and things happen.
I know, but.
Still...

Yesterday was my third visit to Pink Pepper and while it deserves praise in many respects, there is definite room for improvement.
My first impression of the restaurant was a dinner experience that went off with out a hitch.
The second time I went, we ended up choosing to go somewhere else.
Despite arriving at 5:15p for dinner, the doors remained locked with no one to be found (advertised open  for dinner at 4:30p).
I've noticed this seems to be a perpetual problem here, because when I arrived for lunch at 11:00a yesterday, the doors were similarly locked.
I decided to wait to see how long it would take and sadly, no one appeared at the doors until almost 11:20a.
I was perhaps more disappointed by the discovery that the buffet is the only option for lunch.
Even if you want to order an entrée from the menu, you cannot.
That said, there is no denying the quality of the food.
The buffet was fantastic and the crispy chicken in cream sauce (the dish I would have ordered, given the opportunity) is nothing short of "to die for".
Coupled with the fantastic service I can always expect once I'm actually seated, I am certain I will be back.

Best.
Thai food.
Ever.
My boyfriend and I discovered this place on Christmas (it was the only place nearby that was open).
I think we went back 5 times in the next month after that!
The food is THAT good and I am not a huge fan of thai.
I recommend to anyone in the mood for thai food, novice to experienced!

Wife and I went for lunch there last week.
We liked it very much and have been here now a total of about five times.
While their lunch buffet might not be spectacular, they have some things that make it worthwhile from our perspective.
My wife likes their fresh fruit offerings, which were fresh, cold, sweet, and very nice.
We love their spicy mayo chicken salad, and some of their curries.
I like their Thai version of Chinese char siu (roasted sweet red pork).
Their pad thai noodles are OK, but they use a little too much vinegar for my taste and the noodles they use are thinner than what I am accustomed to.
But don't get me wrong, the pad thai is still pretty good.

I've eaten at the Dobson & Guadalupe Pink Pepper for 21 years.
I average going about twice a week.
The buffet is a fantastic deal for the price, even though has gone up 50% in the last decade.
That just indicates what a terrific deal it was in the 90's, because it's still a great deal!
The buffet has a couple of my favorite dishes, so I rarely go there for dinner (literary less than 10 times out of my 2,000+ visits).
The Chicken Panang, Garlic Pork and Chicken Gra Pow are my main dishes.
I have taken many people there over the years, and they all have found something they really like (the Crispy Chicken seems to be a favorite).
The only downside is the dishes are not nearly as spicy as they were 10 to 20 years ago.
BTW, they do offer their dinner menu at lunch.
All the time I see people ordering dishes during lunch instead of partaking in the buffet.
Not sure why though, the buffet is cheaper than just about every dinner dish.
With the buffet you get soup, salad, fruit, chips, wings, an array of rice and noodles, plus all 9 dinner dishes.
Plus it's ready to eat!
They start bringing out the lunch buffet a little after 11:00.
It's best to wait until they have brought out every item, that's usually by 11:15.
A few negative comments.
They seems to have a tough time refilling empty food trays, though if you simply ask them to make more, then they will.
You then get it fresh and hot in about 5 minutes.
Another issue, I rarely go after 1:00, the food doesn't seem as fresh, and the trays are not getting refilled because the crowd has thinned out.
As good as this place is, and it is very good, I prefer to go to another Thai restaurant for dinner.
It's 2 miles away from the PP, and a hole in the wall, but damn it's good!

I love this place so much...
I've been coming here ever since I was a little kid and every time I find myself back in Phoenix, NOT on a Monday, and around lunchtime, you will find me here at their amazing lunch buffet.
I have been going for at least 15 years now, probably been over 100 times, but I will say that I have never ONCE gone for dinner, or even considered it.
Its all about the buffet...
"Why?
" You may ask.
Ill tell you.
$7 all you can eat, Iced tea (not THAI iced tea, but good solid tea) included, and seriously some of the best thai food you can get.
Some days are a little better than others with regards to the buffet, but it is always spectacular.
I wish they had the plain fried wonton triangles every day, because I like to set down a bed of them to put all my other food on top of.
Their sweet chili sauce is so delicious, and everything they have there goes well with it.
Pad Thai, Chicken Panang, Kang Kari, and Black Pepper Steak are some of the highlights for me.
My preferred method of approaching the buffet has become somewhat of a ritual for me, and I will gladly share: Bed of wontons, side cup of sweet chili sauce, then everything else on top in sections.
At the end of the line are the Panang and Kari, which I spoon the sauces from over my entire plate.
It creates this saucey mess that is just about the most delicious thing Ive ever eaten.
The wontons soak up the sauce and become partially floppy in the sauce and partially retain their crispy edges which is...OMG...amazing.
Im getting SOOOO hungry writing this review, cursing myself for living in Tucson.
Go here because I can't at the moment, and If I can't be happy then at least SOMEONE should be...

This place is an absolute gem and rare find, and I'm lucky to live so close by since I know I'll be coming back repeatedly.
It's a nice, quiet and beautifully decorated place, and the wait staff are very considerate and soft-spoken and quite attentive.
I went out of my comfort range and ordered the Drunken Noodles, and ended up eating 3/4 of the entree myself  - which surprised me - and left me knowing I'm going to like almost anything I order here.
The next time I come here, I'd like to try out the lunch buffet, since this is what they're "known" for, and some Thai coffee.
Speaking of beverages, ordering the Thai iced tea is definitely suggested.

This place quite old but very nice chair setting.
The prices very affortable.
Both of us just had $18 for lunch buffet.
The service was great!
Always come back for the water.
The food and the buffet was good such as the crispy chicken creamy sauce, sour soup, and spicy beef.
Actually all the foods that I had on lunch buffet was great.
Try the snacks, mee krob (fried rice noodle)!
It was yummy!
My sit was faced the windows on a sunny day so I can tell whether the glass was clean (and clear) or not.
Therefore, make sure that your glass is clean before the waiter pour your water.
I had to use my tissue and wiped the glass infront of the waiter so he understand that the glass is not clean at all.
I believed it must be the dishwasher machine didn't work very well or it might be not quite clean.
I would like to go back to this place for the food and the price!

Don't go here!
The food tasted okay at the time, but there were bullet holes in the window behind me, a random lounge chair near our table piled with crap and their health report is enough to make anyone queasy.
The whole place is very dirty as well.

This is a quality Thai Buffet I have been going to for many years.
Only downside is the best dishes they only bring to the buffet in small quantity and it gets picked over completely if you aren't the first 3 people there.
They should make the crunchy chicken in large quantity.
People could be more talkative also.
All in all, quality Thai for $10.
Is it as good as Thai Buffet on Dobson?
Probably not simply due to the fact the people at the other place are way more personable and will make you whatever you want.

Awful!
Worst dining experience I have had in a long time.
I wish I could give negative stars.
-I wanted to look at a menu but the waiter/front of house guy kept pushing the buffet.
So we reluctantly gave it a try - I wish we had just left the restaurant.
-food was mediocre at best once you got past the fact that it was dry cold and tasteless  -the ambiance was dreary and the incense was nauseating.
-there is also no place to change a diaper  in addition to the fact that the bathroom was not stocked with toilet paper or paper towels and the floors were grimy and sticky GROSS -when it came time to pay I WAS CHARGED $100- no joke!!!!
When I brought it to his attention he acted like I was the one inconveniencing HIM!
Then, after completely screwing my finances for the day he had the nerve to get on to me about my card declining when he tried to charge it for the correct $9 amount.
Fully embarrassed and infuriated I had to ask my friend to cover me.
I will NEVER return to this establishment.
There are so many other better Thai restaurants in the area I don't even know how or why these people are still in business!
DO NOT go here!

I traveled to Phoenix often for work from the early 90's to the late 00's and the first thing I'd do leaving the airport was to hit the Pink Pepper lunch buffet, hence I've never ordered from the menu or had their dinner service, but their lunch buffet was awesome!
Very reasonably priced, including an iced tea.
It may not necessarily be the most authentic Thai food as I think they reduce the heat a bit but the flavors were excellent and the variety was good.
Loved their eggplant dish (can't recall the name) and their crispy chicken with the creamy sauce, and of course the usual curry sauce dishes.
If I'm ever back in Phoenix again the Pink Pepper will be one of the first places I go.

The curry is good, and the food is decent for a buffet and the price, not AMAZING, there were a few delicious items here and there.
Definitely would consider going back.

Really, I'd give this place 3.49 stars... almost 3 1/2, but I wouldn't round to 4.
Pros: Quiet dining environment Not crowded for dinner My favorite place for Panang Beef (and thai curry in general) They will raise or lower the heat of any dish based on a scale of 1-10.
(10 is awesome, by the way) Love the flambe bananas for dessert, also the coconut icecream is fantastic.
sweet, a slight hint of salt and crushed peanuts on top.
Mmmmm.
Only been there for the lunch buffet once, but it was pretty good and at a fair price.
Cons: While the waiter is friendly, he can be a bit difficult to understand (very soft spoken, mumbles somewhat) Sticky table tops.
They all seem to be this way.
They're not dirty, though... just sticky.
Like glue residue or something.
Cloth napkins have smelled a bit "off" and could probably use a good washing.
The lettuce wraps were a bit disappointing as the lettuce was a bit wilted.
I like it when the lettuce has a bit more crunch to it.
Quiet to the point of being empty.
Has an almost ghost-town feel to it when it's 6:00pm and you're the only people there for dinner.
My friends and I have wondered sometimes how they stay in business.
Summary: Even though I rated this place three stars, this is still one of my favorite Thai restaurants and I will keep coming back again and again.
Most of the deductions are for things un-related to the food.
If you're just going for take-out, then I'd kick it up to 4 or 4 1/2 stars.

So I finally did it.
Thanks to a groupon deal that my parents got for me, I was able to try dinner service at the Pepper not once, but twice.
Both times, I have to say, the food was excellent.
It really is a very different experience going from the lunch buffet to dinner...its like they're two different restaurants that just happen to share the same space.
But yes, the food was awesome.
The first time, the service was a little slow, but I really didn't fault them too much for this as the place was fairly busy.
The second night, it was a prompt service.
I will say though, that despite all that, it will probably be a long time before I go back for dinner service again.
Not for any thing at fault with the restaurant, but just because that lunch buffet is SOOO SOOOOOOOO good.
I pretty much can't go to phoenix any more without stopping there at least once.
Also, I just want to say that the soup of the day they've been doing recently during the lunch buffet is one of the most delicious things Ive ever eaten.
Its some sort of Thai roasted corn curry soup that literally tastes like a roasted corn cob just doused in butter and awesome sauce.
Its fantastic.

Service was great but both my boyfriend and I ended up with a touch of food poisoning.
I think it was from the chicken on a stick appetizer.
We both ate that and it was the only common thing we ate.
I will not be going back to the Pink Pepper:(

Don't eat here!
We were served two pieces of raw chicken and two pieces of overcooked & dry chicken.
The raw chicken was BLEEDING.
When the head person came over, she said "It was still good" and if we didn't like the red, we should eat around it.
Spicy eggplant was dripping with oil & oil pooled on the plate.
Appetizer dumplings were so waterlogged that the water poured from the inside when the dumpling was cut.
They charged us extra for rice.
What Asian restaurant charges for rice with your meal?
This does not even cover the lack of spice or heat.
Thai food is suppose to be flavorful.
Mashed potatoes are spicier than anything served here.
We are waiting to see if we get sick from eating some of the chicken before we saw the blood.
Definitely don't eat here & it is not worth the money.

As we walked through the door, we were greeted with a "it'll be about 10mins" by the hostess.
She never asked how many were in our party or if it was dine in.
She then came back 5 mins later and asked us those questions, and then proceeded to seat us.
After seated, the service was slow.
Our first greeting by our server didn't come till 10 mins later.
The restaurant didn't seem that busy though, two servers to about 8 tables.
We ordered the beef panang and the Arizona fried rice.
We didn't get asked how spicy we wanted these dishes.
Maybe they don't do heat levels, who knows.
The panang was average.
The beef was dry and the portion sizes were small, especially for the price.
The fried rice was a good tasting dish though.
Also note that I am of Southeast Asian descent, so I grew up on these types of foods.
Also, earlier I wanted to order a dish with duck in it and the server said that they were out of duck.
However, as we were about to leave, the table next to us ordered duck with no issues.
Strange...

Thankfully I had previously purchased a restaurant.com voucher for this place (pay $2 for $25 or something).
While the food was alright... nothing spectacular by any means, I thought it was over-priced and really not worth going back to.

yum!
I love their food,  their lunch buffet does not taste like buffet food.
The tables are kind of "sticky" but its the finish on them, and if htey would just put like a coat or 2 of polyeurothane on it, that would make the difference in the world.
But the food was really excellent.
Service was good, which is always the #1 priority in my book.
So over all a pleasant experience.
That creamy chicken stuff was soooo good (sorry dont remember what it was called) and I had this other kind of chicken stir fry stuff that was REALLY super excellent, It was called "pan something"  The pork dish was good too, it had greenbeans in it, and their veggies are cooked just right!
Really good and worth a trip!
YUMMIE!

I have had my share of authentic Thai cuisine...
This place was REALLY bad.
And no im not a very picky person lol Out of all the items on there buffet maybe 2 were decent.
Actually only the noodles were OK everything else was notgood at all, not even my kids liked ANY of it... Make the trip and go to the mint thai cafe on Gilbert rd.

With Tara Thai nee Pink Pepper up on Bell Rd.
now closed, we are down to three Thai Buffets in the Valley.
There's this one, Joanne's Kitchen (aka:  "Thai Buffet & American Sandwiches") up the street, & Pete's Thai in north Phoenix.
Joanne's is great, but somewhat different than this place in that she brings out dishes specially prepared for each dining party, to go with the few items on the Buffet.
Pete's is the same setup as this, but Pink Pepper here offers way more variety in the foods, with 31 main food items, each considerably different than the others.
After skipping over this place for over 2 1/2 years, I stopped in here today for lunch with Robyn N. & Mike C.  Wow, I had forgotten how great the food is here!
Yes, I prefered the dining room of their Bell Rd.
location, but with it gone the closest place left to compare this place to is Pete's Thai, & we all three agreed that PInk Pepper here blows Pete's away with its far greater variety of food offerings.
Having visited & reviewed many restaurants now, this amateur critic has come to the conclusion that the food can be so special at a restaurant that the look of the place just disappears into the background.
Have you ever been to Tacos Atoyac or Carolinas on Mojave?
It's certainly ONLY about the food at either of those places, yet they each earn 4 to 5 Stars from many Yelpies including myself.
Down here at PP  :-)  they still don't light up the food on the Buffet, the floor plan is still weird, & the windows with their light shining in too brightly at least part of the year should have blinds on them, closed part way.
Nonetheless, the fantastic food, great service & low price here make this place so SPECIAL anyway that we all three said we can't wait to come back, so FIVE STARS!!
:-))  Lunch Buffet still $8.50.
Opens at 11 "Thai Time".
Come about 11:30 so that everything will be out for you.

Have grown to love the Buffet, just wish it was open on the weekends because I don't often have a weekday that I can make it to the Pepper for lunch.
I love the Thai Omelet - has always been my favorite on the buffet.

Great food and phenomenal service, but please clean.
Our table was sticky and the menus had dried food on them.
We were sitting by a corner full of junk that looked like it was also being used as an office.
It was literally right out in the open.
Why?
It did provide us with quite a few laughs, but I don't know if I would return just for this reason.
If they cleaned up, I would be there multiple times a month.
The food is good and it's not too far from our home.

I came in by myself around 6pm on a Saturday night, practically empty.
Greeted warmly by Thai hostess/waitress Ana who thoughtfully sat me in a quiet area after seeing I had brought a book to read.
The ambiance was pleasant with some indistinct music softly playing in the background.
I ordered the beef Massaman at level 7 out of 10 spice level and it came out reasonably fast with the standard accompanying pot of white rice.
The flavor was robust and had enough kick to it to cause my eyes and nose to run a little.
The portion size was sufficiently satisfying..
Although I admit I was in the mood for a Thai buffet that didn't exist during Dinner hours ;)  Overall a good experience, although unsure how a packed house would have affected the service.

Vomit!!!!!!
Absolutely HORRIBLE!
If I have to describe it, it will make me sick.
Just don't do it folks.

Pretty good, little slow at the end of the night.
Would visit again!

The buffet is amazing and the people are so nice!!!
Don't let one person's opinion of vomit throw you off.
It's just plain rude and distasteful.
My friends and I have been coming here for years and love it!
I finally have some week days off and get to come back.
Now I don't have to take a sick day to come eat at their buffet.

Yuck!!!
OK, I'll let you have it..
It starts off with placing an order to go.
I called in my order of  2 red curry 's and 2 spring rolls.
I had to repeat my order 4 times, oh my God!!!!
And they still got my order wrong.
I showed up to pick up my order, and they only had I red curry and 2 spring rolls ready, remember!
this is after repeating my order 4 times...
The waitress told me to wait 5 minutes and that she will have the other curry ready.. 15 minutes pass, finally our order is complete.. We get home, excited to eat our red curry, it's watered down!!!!
Flavored water!!!
And two different color's if red curry.
We ended up driving back and asked for a refund..
I give this place 2 stars, one because the manager gave us our refund without a hassle.
and another star because I felt bad, because they looked like they were understaffed.

By far, The Pink Pepper is the best Thai food in the East Valley.
Their buffet is reasonably priced and delicious!

This place is awesome!!
I have ate Thai food Everywhere!
I love Thai food!
Every place I travel I always go and Thai food.
Nobody comes close to this place!!

This restaurant was where I was first exposed to Thai food over ten years ago and because of that wil always have a dear place in my heart!
The service is spectacular here and it is a nice atmosphere to bring people.
The portions are good and the food is very tasty, their pad thai is my favorite but the curry noodles are another must-try dish.
Thai food just about everywhere I have been has been spicy, and I have pretty Americanized tastes, but if you have similar tastebuds make sure to always order mild and get a Thai Ice Tea on the side just in case.

Pink Pepper is definitely a favorite place of mine to order from that's around the house.
From mouth-watering curry to crispy Thai toast, Pink Pepper has always hit the spot when it comes to a spice-craving.
I've never actually dined in, I always place my orders to-go, but the ambiance is quite nice.
Portions could be bigger but the quality usually makes up for the average prices and smaller portions.
They make a mean yellow curry!

I went on a June Thursday evening; there was only one customer couple while I was there.
Service was prompt but not pushy.
I asked for the food at a 7 out of 10 heat.
It was spicy but not overwhelming.
I enjoyed a spring roll and Mus-Sa-Mun, chicken, potato slices, carrots, onions and bell peppers in a spicy curry sauce.
The main dish was served with sticky rice.
The portion was right sized, not stingy but not so much you need a take-out container.
Prices were reasonable for the quality and quantity.

I've only eaten there twice and both times the serve was horrible.
There are only three people.
One waitress, one bartender and I think one is the cook which no matter what you can't understand him.
When we sat down at 6pm, it took 10 mins for them to get our drink order.
Our appetizer came out pretty fast but it took another 1/2 for our food to come out.
There was three people in the whole place.
Now the tea I got was excellent, my food was ok tasting until I bit into spoiled chicken.
I spit it out and it smelt rancid.
They wanted to make me a new dish but I refused.
I about had it with this place.
We waited another 1/2 an hour for our bill but never got it so we went to front to pay.
All and all it took us 1-1/2 hour to finish and get out.
Will not ever go back.

= = =  MONDAY THRU SATURDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = =  Finally made it back to Pink Pepper here for their great Lunch Buffet!
I was joined this time by Mark R., Robyn N., Norm R., Jackie C. & MIke C.  One treat that I enjoyed today was their Pumpkin Soup.
Hey, it's good!
:-)  They vary the food some here from one visit to the next, but you can know ahead of time that it will always be unusual and it will always be VERY GOOD!
This is my current favorite Thai Buffet anywhere, & it's an easy 5 Stars!
:-))  Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet $8.50 includes Iced or Hot Tea.
Yum!

Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.
They are a little slow getting the food out at opening time, but everything was fresh and tasty and a good variety.
The already dressed salad had a great sweet dressing, pineapple something or other and it was a great start to the meal.
One of the things I like best about this buffet is the variety of foods they offer - chicken, veggie, pork, beef as well as rice and noodle dishes.
I'd prefer more of the items to have a little heat; the only spicy thing I tried was the panang chicken.
The food is good, they serve real iced tea with the buffet as well.
Service was good and the company was better!
I'm sure I'll be back.

Came here for the Buffet with Rand H., Robyn N., Norm R., Jackie C. & Mike C. It is always fun getting together with this crew.
They are a blast!
Been to the other location on Bell before it closed and this restaurant is somewhat smaller and a little cramped inside.
We got there when it opened at 11:00 and had to wait a bit for the door to unlock itself.
Once inside I noticed several of the food items on the buffet were not there yet as well as most the lights in the place were still in the off position.
Hmmm?
The food was pretty tasty once it arrived but a bit Americanized.
Nice variety of styles and proteins so that everyone can pick a favorite or more and enjoy.
They even have some without meat for those veggie lovers.
Would liked to have seen more ways to spice things up a notch since I am a SPICY kind of FREAK.
Fresh Thai Peppers in some Fish Sauce with some Lime juice and a little Sugar works well.
This review was for the buffet only.
They also have a full menu that you can order from if you wish.
Enjoy!
3.5 STARS

Had some family in town, so we had planned to go to Inka Fest as I'd been meaning to try it for awhile.
Unfortunately Inka Fest closed by the Health Department (crazy)!
This place was next door, so we ended up here instead.
Overall, I'd say the food here was pretty average but the service was very good.
I ordered the beef Pad Gra Prao, the server asked me for how hot on a scale of 1-10, I asked for a 7.
Several of our party ordered a curry and asked for a heat level of 4.
My dish was ok and spicy, but not as spicy as that curry, theirs was definitely a lot hotter than mine.
Nothing really stands out here, since I don't live nearby, I probably won't be back.

I was here and had great thai food back in 2008 and was eager to go back on my 2013 summer vacation.
I dont know if i was unlucky this evening and they had some kitchen problems but the food was not as good as i remembered.
I had the beef panang wich was ok but maybe a little bland.
The chicken with green curry was not only bland but had an odd taste that we never had before in thaifood.
All in all the food was not bad but a step down from what i consider "ok" and far from the last time i was there when i had 4 star thai food with fresh ingredients and lots of that famous chili punch.

We stopped here just at the end of the Buffet...Having said that, there were not many people still in the restaurant, and it seemed as if they were pushing the buffet onto us.
For the price they had some pretty good Pad Thai that I kept going back for more.
All the usual suspects you would see at  Chinese buffet were there and we took advantage of.
I think I would like to order off the menu next time and see what they are really made of.

So I returned here for a quick lunch today after probably 8 years and have to say I was sadly disappointed...
I remember this being "the Place" to get amazing Thai food and it is clear to see that the owners are running themselves ragged trying to manage this place today..
The restaurant is dated, not clean and disorganized, giving an unwelcome feel.
To top that off, the Masuman I had was blah and the chicken was dry and overcooked.. Buffet wasn't looking great either.
I hope they get the help they need to make this place what is use to be.

Ordered via grub hub.
Super courteous delivery and the best thai in the area hands down!

I absolutely love this place.
The food is delicious and nothing can beat the variety for the price.
And the lunch buffet includes iced tea as well.
The only reason I took away a star is the so-so decor.
The place could really use some renovation.
Other than that,  Best Thai buffet there is !

I'm not sure if the delivery issues are with Pink Pepper or Grubhub...it was if no one who got the order read it.
Veggie Curry had little veggies in it.
My duck dish simply ...wasn't.
From now on we'll just drive to "Mint Thai" in the future.

Our first experience was last night, we ordered delivery actually through grub hub.com only I did it wrong and actually ordered through the restaurant and I think they were a little confused, they forgot to ask my phone number and were very late delivering, I felt bad for them really because once the guy got my number from grub hub.com after I contacted them, he was all stressed when he got here.
The reason for the five stars?
Because when the food got here it was absolutely to die for.
I've never has such good food.
Worth every waiting second.
I will definitely eat here again, might even go into the restaurant and would highly recommend to everyone.

It was my first time coming here and my entire experience was absolutely terrible.
It was pretty empty for 12pm.
My husband and I ordered the thai salad wrap as an appetizer.
Not only was the meat overpowered with too much peanut sauce, the lettuce wasn't fresh.
I ordered the pad kee Mao that comes with a side of jasmine rice.
The rice was very dry, the beef was chewy, veggies were soggy, and the sauce was quite bland.
My husband ordered the spicy thai pasta that also lacked in flavor.
The server also forgot that I ordered the tom gati soup and I had to remind him two times to bring it out.
It came out 30 mins after eating our main entrees.
That as well, failed in flavor.
The mushrooms were over cooked and the broth did not go down well.
We are not picky eaters, but we are able to differ between great food and completely tasteless food.
Our overall experience was not pleasant due to the service, the restaurant looking like it hasn't been updated since 1940s, and every dish not being good.
Sorry, but wouldn't come back a second time or recommend this place to others.

The Thai Iced tea wasn't that good.
Spring rolls and dumplings were tasty.
After a long wait, the crispy chicken with cream sauce arrived, it was a disappointment.

Really mixed on this one, because I'm not a fan of their full menu, but the lunch buffet is filled with dishes I like.
There's a chicken in a cream sauce that's delicious, same with the BBQ pork.
Hot and sour soup is HOT and so good.
Music choices always amuse me too, nothing like Christmas carols in the summer.
Haven't tried delivery.
Buffet is where it's at.

= = =  MONDAY THRU SATURDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = =  Made it back around to this excellent restaurant for lunch today, this time joined by Robyn N.  Nothing has changed much since my last Update 9 months ago.
There were about 30 items on the Buffet today, counting the mixed tossed salad and mixed fruit bowl as just one item each.
There were two tasty soups as well as chicken, pork, beef and vegetable dishes on the hot line.
With Joann's, Pete's E-san Sab Sab and Tara all having closed, we're down to just two Thai Buffets in the Valley right now, this one and Thai E-San in Phoenix, which is also excellent.
Both serve up delicious, somewhat unusual food in a comfortable atmosphere at a reasonable price.
Long live Thai Buffet!
:-))  Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet:  $8.50 including Iced Tea.

Great service and awesome food!
The staff was very attentive to us while we were dining.
I've tried a handful of Thai restaurants and this one is definitely the best in AZ.
Way to go Pink Pepper!

4th time here.
The Moo satae is the best!
Chicken and spicy plum sauce was very good

Great food and cozy, quiet, romantic atmosphere.
My favorite dish is I believe called pearls of thai, very yummy and you can choose the spice level.

One of my buddies was craving thai food so I suggested this spot.
They seemed to like it.
Let me see, I ordered the crispy chicken with spicy sauce.
My friends got the yellow curry.
It was all pretty delicious.
The thai tea is also really good here.
At the end of our meal they convinced us to get the mango with sticky rice and that was alright.
Overall, pretty nice place all around besides the bathroom.

