I didn't know until after we ate here that Roy's is a chain.
I might have judged it more harshly had I known that beforehand.
I know it's not fair, but I always root for the ma-and-pa-type places.
Anyway, Roy's serves what they call "Hawaiian Fusion," a blend of Asian and European flavors, using local ingredients, with an emphasis on seafood.
My husband and I went here for a date night (a rarity for us).
The ambiance was lovely: Hawaiian without being like we were in a theme park.
The service was attentive-- as it should be for an establishment with this price tag.
We had Lumpia (like an egg roll) for an appetizer, and it was very good.
My entree was a different story though.
I had the Chicken with Gorgonzola and I thought it just good-average.
Dave had the Grilled Atlantic Salmon and loved it (but how can you screw up salmon?).
The portions are rather small, although the presentation is very nice.
The dining room was very loud, and although as the parents of teenagers and toddlers we were used to it, Roy's might not be the perfect place for a romantic wedding proposal (Will I what???

Everytime we've been to Roy's, whether it was in Honolulu, Las Vegas, Chicago, San Francisco or here, we've never been disappointed.
Yea, it's a chain.
Sue me.
One of the best things about this chain is the consistency in the high excellence of food and service.
We love Roy's, we've been going here for a long time.
I would recommend it just about anyone, even the fussy eaters.
If you are a chocolate lover, make sure to try their chocolate lava cake.
You have to order it along with your dinner as it takes about 30 minutes to make.

For work I was tasked with finding a place for dinner for our team last night.
It was a large group (19 people)...
I picked Roy's because it was in the vicinity of my work and the yelp reviews were good.
Wow this place was really good... handled a large group with ease and the appetizers, food and drinks were all amazing.
I had their special which was four smaller servings of their butterfish, mahi mahi, salmon and seared ahi tuna.
I enjoyed this a lot, but the ahi tuna did not have a lot of flavor and others at the table who had the same thing agreed.
I also had a mango mojito that was perfect!
I did try a couple of bites of one of their signature deserts... it was a flourless chocolate cake with a creamy chocolate center and a hint of raspberries and a scoop of vanilla ice cream it was soooo good!
If I am ever missing the wonderful fish that Hawaii has to offer I am heading straight back to Roy's it was really delicious.

My husband and I love this place.
We've been to it in Hawaii and it's just as fresh here in Chandler.
The wine list is great.
The menu changes seasonally and local chefs are allowed to change a few things around but you're safe with absolutely anything on the menu.
Except maybe the scallops which I persist in ordering even though they make my stomach crazy.
Okay, granted I get the big-d with like every meal I eat but still, the food is rich and tasty and I can't resist.
I highly suggest trying:   Anything macadamia nut-encrusted  Shrimp Pad Thai Waimanolo salad Kalua duck spring rolls Kai beef short ribs Butter seared scallops  Butterfish Blackened ahi tuna MELTING HOT CHOCOLATE SOUFFLE ETC.
This is a great date spot, especially if you go in the cooler months where you can sit outside by the tiki torches and fire pit, listening to the traditional Hawaiian music they pipe outside.
It's dreamy.

Superb service.
A +++  Went for my boyfriend's birthday  Good mojitos!
Got the "canoe' appetizer, which is for two or more people, and it was pretty good.
But ... not great... not worth $26 to me  For an entree I got the the original combo or whatever It came with small portions of ahi, salmon, and butterfish  They were all very good, but not $26 good.
I guess I just wasn't too impressed with the food for the money spent...
I dunno  I'd rather spend $200 at Sea Saw or Eddie V's

If you ever decide to try Roy's, I would encourage you to dine at the bar.
The bartenders are attentive, experienced, and very friendly and it is quite a different experience from the dining room... much more relaxed and fun!
The last time I dined there, the bartender began by shaking my hand and introducing himself, asking me my name as well which he used throughout the entire meal.
He even made me a few new drinks that he had invented himself and didn't charge me for either of them.
The food was amazing and the dessert... even better!!!
The design was modern but felt comfortable, and the ambiance was lovely and very clean.
I only wish I could afford to eat there on a weekly basis!!

I love Roy's.
I have been to this one and the one is Scottsdale 4 times now.
I like the Chandler location a lot more.
Inside they are both really nice, but the Scottsdale one is located in an upscale shopping center and it felt a tad odd to go to dinner as all the other places were closing.
Every time I have dined at Roy's, I have ordered off the Prix Fixe menu which is a steal for such quality food.
The seafood is excellent and my fiancee who doesn't care for a lot of seafood always finds something she loves.
The waitstaff is amazing and the chocolate lava cake finished off every meal nicely.
Get the mojitos.... they are amazing!

Yes, it's a chain, but the eats are high quality here.
I take my in-laws here for dinner each Christmas, when I cash out some Amex points for gift cards.
This is a nice upscale establishment, with an accessible waitstaff and bar crew.
Everyone is very friendly and quite knowledgeable about the menu.
The group favorite here is the prix fixe menu, which gets you three courses.
The entrees have varied - the last time I was there only one fish option was listed as the entree.
(This is odd for a Hawaiian fusion place.
) The short ribs I had instead where quite good, however.
The bar crew here is very good, and they make a killer mojito.
No beer on tap, though, which is disappointing.
(A nice draft Sapporo would go quite well with the fish.
)   The atmosphere is upscale casual, so you can get by in nice pants (even jeans) and a nice shirt.
Don't be that guy in the baseball cap, though.

This is one of my all time favorite places to go!
I have been to several Roy's here and in Las Vegas.
I have never been disappointed in the service, atmosphere or the food.
This particular visit we had reservations for 8:30 and part of our group did not even arrive at our house until 9:00.
The staff was very accommodating with the shift of our arrival time.
The food is to die for.
I have enjoyed everything I have ordered.
My favorites are the lobster pot stickers, calamari, and the chocolate souffle.
Roy's has their own cookbook and I would highly recommend purchasing it.
Most of the recipes are relatively easy to make.
This is a great place to go for special events.
We have been with small groups and large.
The service is always spectacular!!!!!

AHHHHH... yeah I love this place.
Could it be the monster fish tank they have when you first walk in that will mesmorize your kids throughout the whole dinner or the fabulous food?
I have been here twice and from start to finish I was smiling.
Their signature edamame made me look up the recipie as soon as I got home.
My favorite is their "$35" combo.. which includes an appetizer, meal, and dessert.
Slammin deal for a restaurant with white table cloths!
I had the grilled salmon which was perfect and the chocolate souffle (A MUST!).
Your water glass will never be more than half empty, nor will there ever be crumbs on your table for more than five minutes... yes I like being treated like royalty.. :-D GO ROY's!

I first ate at Roys a few years back in Honolulu...
So I was pretty excited to have one here in PHX, when my job brought me to the valley.
Good seafood in the valley.. Yay!
Superb service... ask away, the waiters never seem to lose patience or get snippy.. they know the product and the wines..
There isnt a thing on the menu that I dont like..
I havent tried everything.. but whenever friends from out of town come in..
This is one of my first suggestions.. My fav is the butterfish.. and the pineapple dessert.. all the other things are wonderful ...
In other words... your not gonna go wrong here.
Hey its Roy Yamaguchi..  for Gods sake.. and he can fuse and cook like no other..

We first ate at Roy's at their Kauai location.
I'm glad to say that their food is as good in the desert as in the middle of the ocean.
Service is always good, food for the most part has been delicious, save a couple times were a new entree or appetizer didn't lived up to the waiter/waitress hype.
The drinks are very good, perfect blend of alcohol and mixers.
I am not a wine connoisseur but the times I ordered wine by the glass I have been more than happy with my selection.
Overall, good food and service.

Must say this is one of my Favorite places to spend my money even better the Bestbuy and I love electronics.
I have always had a quality dinning experience be it in Oahu or here in Chandler.
My favorite dishes- all of them, you can't go wrong.
They even have fantastic dishes for children which are priced reasonably.
You must get the chocolate soufflé, if you go- order ahead as it takes 25 minutes to prepare.
I usually ask for an extra scoop of vanilla ice cream.
We go here for all of our special occasions.
You won't go wrong if you do too!!!
Butterfish!
Even the meatloaf rules!!

Canoe for two appetizer is great!
I had the quad seafood platter... there is a trio listed on the menu, but the quad includes the macnut-crusted mahi.
I enjoyed the misoyaki butterfish the most.
I tried the pomegranate mojito.
The waitress warned me that it was made with patron silver tequila instead of rum, but I didn't really enjoy it that much.
I like the Kona Grill mojito much more.
But the food was world class and the service was great.
The waitress even brought me an extra pom mojito that the bartender had made in excess.
It seems like the dress is a bit more casual at this location than others I have been at.

Overall: for a chain in this price range I like others better but Roy's does a pretty good job.
Food: quality is what you'd expect from a higher-end chain.
Flavor varies greatly.
Some dishes are great and others are no better than a fast food Chinese place nearest 'anywhere America' - yes really.
Service: Always very good, never a complaint here expect when they did nothing when my dish was crappy.
Did not comp the dish or even offer a desert... no, I did not even finish it.
When to Go: business dinners are the only time I use this place.
If I spend my on cash, I go other places and get better food for the same $.

Even half off the value was just terrible and I left hungry.
I have been here several times with a friend who works for the parent corporation and gets 1/2 off our bill.
With the discount I felt I could try a bit more and started my meal with an appetizer.
I had the Ahi Poke, similar to a caviche small cubes of ahi came in a martini glass seasoned with some soy and garnished with a wasabi mayo.
It was good but quite small.
For my meal I selected the "Roy's classic trio" consisting of Hibachi Grilled Salmon, Roy's Original Blackened Island Ahi & Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish.
It came out with 3 small I mean small plates in a tasting style display.
The Ahi was great, the spices went well with the cool raw interior.
The Butter fish was nice too with a sweet miso glaze on a bed (or pillow in this case) of black rice.
I thought the salmon was a bit over cooked.
After I had finished the three 2oz tastings I was still hungry.
I am probably not the only one with this opinion as on both weekday visits we were one of two tables.
I think if they want to increase the plate count they should lower the prices and or up the portion size.

Delicious!
Everything we ordered was delicious.

I've only been here for happy hour, but it was great.
We ordered the sliders on the recommendation of other yelpers and they were delectable.
The ahi roll (and some other roll) were just OK.  Next time I'm just ordering double sliders.
I clearly should have yelped this a while ago while my memory was clearer.
All drinks were half off which was really nice.
I had something with grapefruit and pomegranate (I think) then a glass of wine.
Very nice happy hour.

Roy's serves Hawaiian Fusion, which is always an interesting combination of flavors.
I had the pleasure of trying the ahi tuna, the salmon, the butter fish, and the short ribs, each of them distinctly different, and each of them excellent.
The service was fabulous: the wait staff was knowledgeable, fast and quite pleasant.
My water glass was never empty (despite me being a generally thirsty person).
And despite being rather busy, my server kept things moving quickly and smoothly.
If you're looking for a great place to take a date, or just a nice place to have a GREAT meal, visit Roy's.

I had the pleasure of dining at celebrity Roy Yamaguchi's chain-restaurant:  Roy's!
I had enjoyed a Roy's Trio [Hibachi Salmon, Blackened Ahi, and Misoyaki Butterfish with steamed rice and baby bok choy] with a Flirtini on the side.
The Hibachi Salmon was cooked to perfection which Arizonians seem to love to over-cook.
The Blackened Ahi was moist.
As for the Misoyaki Butterfish, OH.
MAH.
GAWD!!!
The butterfish supplied an explosion of flavor where I literally closed my eyes during that first bite.
Phew, is it me or is it getting hot in here?
The staff is super friendly and the ambiance is perfect for a date with your significant other!

5/27/10  Service alone deserved 5 stars!
Our server didn't even bat an eyelash when I asked for specifics on dish preparations (though, she did go to the back a couple of times to get the info), and the manager even apologized for the noise coming from the bar area due to NBA basketball finals- he even offered to move us to a quieter section if that was our wish!
We started w/ complimentary edamame, then onto the wonderful calamari http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roys-restaurant-chandler?select=nqSeC4BhUb4SVYbZlctbiw#nqSeC4BhUb4SVYbZlctbiw and continued w/ the Sweet Home Waimanalo salad (loved the creamy herb dressing- so tasty, we would've been happy to order a plate each and call it a night!
), http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roys-restaurant-chandler?select=roCbXZ4rpCLb104MFuoZOw#roCbXZ4rpCLb104MFuoZOw and finally to Roy's Trio (hibachi salmon, blackened ahi, and misoyaki butterfish).
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roys-restaurant-chandler?select=Y2CqA0n2v7LOl7eE2Vz8vA#Y2CqA0n2v7LOl7eE2Vz8vA  For another $4, we enjoyed a serving of macadamia nut-crusted mahi mahi, too.
These beautiful servings of fish offered about three to four bites each of pure bliss!
They came w/ their own sauces: salmon/Japanese citrus ponzu; butterfish/forbidden black rice and sweet ginger wasabi; ahi/spicy soy mustard butter; mahi mahi/lobster butter.
These bites took us through varying complex, lovely, fun aromas and flavors AND textures (from melt-in-your-mouth salmon to steak-like mahi mahi!).
We enjoyed our meal so much, it didn't feel right to order dessert.
Does that make any sense to you?
I hope so, bec.
I'm at a loss to explain further!
If you haven't tried Roy's, do yourself a favor and make a reservation to visit during Restaurant Week coming up in September!

Great Ahi.
I love just getting a drink and app, well maybe a dessert as well.
Always Yummy.

First off, I will NEVER patron Roy's in Chandler ever again!!
Please read on to see why...  A friend and I went for Aloha hour and it was awesome.
Everything on the HH menu is only $5!
We enjoyed everything from the food, drinks, & service, that we decided to come back and try their dinner menu.
9/4/2010 My friends tried the Hibachi Style Grilled Salmon, they both were quite pleased.
Perfect portion size, above average quality but yet still a bit pricey.
Nonetheless, the dish was quite satisfying.
For my meal I had the Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish.
It came with black "forbidden" rice and bok choy.
Each flaky bite was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.
Excellent choice!
This is where it gets ugly... As our average service was about to conclude, the waiter drops our check off.
I ask him for another cup of coffee and as he pulls his hand back from delivering the check, he knocks a quarter glass of wine all over my friend and her phone.
He proceeds to apologize and cleans a portion of it up, then walks away.
He never returns for the coffee I asked for, nor did he offer to refill my friend's $8 glass of wine.
I gave him time to reconcile as I saw him pace back and forth but to no avail.
I had to chase him down for my refill on coffee.
Despite my friend getting wine spilled over her without compensation, our party decided to reflect our displeasure through our tip (~8%) opposed to an open, verbal complaint.
However, our waiter wasn't pleased with his gratuity.
He came back to the table after he discovered his low tip.
YES!
He actually had the nerve to return to our table as if he didn't understand why he received a low tip!
He spilled wine, which we had paid for, on the customer without compensating for it!
What did he expect??
He came back to the table asking if we were displeased with his service.
Astonished by his ignorance, we explained to him what we were displeased with.
Get this...
He didn't think spilling the wine over my friend wasn't a big deal because he thought it was a small amount and that she was finished anyway.
Imagine a waiter spilling a paid for glass of wine over you and justifying it because you were almost done anyway.
Absolutely ridiculous!
Plus, what did he expect from us at that point.
Did he expect that we would change our minds and tip him more?
The waiter apologized once more and we just got up and left.
Our server, THOMAS  the absolute most ungrateful, inappropriate & rude bastard of a server I've ever encountered!!
The manager was of no assistance either.
Just a note, in the Service Industry, there is no verbal apology that is acceptable.
In the Service Industry, the only apology comes in the form of compensation.
The manager apologized but asked if we would like to have gift certificates.
That's like saying "May I say 'Sorry' to you?
" He should've given, not asked to give.
Putting the onus on the customer is an insult.
We declined since acceptance would paint us as opportunists.
Bottom line you expect above the standard level of service when you're shelling out $25-40 per entree.
So even though the food was great, the horrible experience with how we were treated is cause enough to never return to this location.
It's like being slapped in the face but saying it's okay because the food was wonderful...NO THANK YOU!

It is a rare restaurant that doesn't misstep at all, and this is definitely one.
I was doing a sales type dinner, so I looked on Yelp for a good restaurant - Roy's popped up - just around the corner from the office and rated highly.
Without knowing anything, the plan was laid.
The dinner started with edemame - nicely steamed (but a little over-cooked in my opinion - still very good), covered in a mix of salt and sweet - brown sugar, perhaps?
Definitely delicious.
Then we ordered the Roys Canoe Appetizer and a Lobster California Roll.
I highly recommend the Szechuan Pork Ribs off the Canoe, but everything was excellent.
The ribs got more than one complement.
Our main courses were mostly from the sea.
I had the chicken breast of the night which came with bacon gravy and sweet potato puree.
The sweet potato puree was sweet, but the bacon gravy more than made up for it.
I mean, honestly, how can you go wrong with bacon gravy?
The other main courses all got good reviews.
On to dessert and coffee.
One of my dining companions opted for the pineapple upside down cake, and the other for pumpkin cheesecake.
When they came out, they were works of art - comments like "it's a shame to eat it", but they managed it anyway, and commented on how delicious they were.
The cappuchinos around the table were also savored.
Through it all, we had some of the best service I have encountered.
It wasn't obtrusive, but there was always someone close by to assist.
My only complaint (and its common among a lot of restaurants) is that when asked for a recommendation, waitstaff always point to the most expensive thing on the menu.
Either that or they go the marginally less informative route of saying 'well, everything is good'.
Seriously guys - you need to step up and say what YOU like.

Great place to spend an anniversary!
They really treat you well.
The service was top notch.
Fried Calamari was excellent with the spicy sauce.
I had the Fillet which was great.
My wife had the Butterfish and loved it.
The Hawaiian martinis are delicious.
Would definitely recommend it.

Aloha!
I have to say, my experience tonight at Roy's was pretty fantastic.
Service was great.
The bar was quiet and not too full.
A menu full of unique Hawaiian inspired cocktails to choose from and wine and beer all for $5.
Six different, all delicious, $5 appetizers to choose from including lobster pot stickers, sliders w/sweet potato fries, beef skewers, ahi tuna roll, salt and pepper calamari, and one more lobster one .
I forget.
The calamari and sliders w/fries were my favorite.
This is a great place to go when you want a good happy hour, but aren't looking for the crowded, busy spots.
This was a great place to eat, drink, and catch up on conversation.
While we were lingering around waiting for our friends and after finishing our food, our server was great about checking in, but not too much.
Making sure we didn't miss happy hour, but not pressuring us either.
Never felt rushed or that we were putting her out by trying to get one more appetizer in just under the wire.
And the drinks were great!
Normally, the fruity drinks don't appeal to me.
But with names like Basil Cucumber Collins, or Cilantro Cucumber Margarita, Pineapple Ginger Mojito, Lemongrass Sake-tini, (the list goes on and on) I couldn't resist.
AND, the wine was great, had a glass of the Malbec.
BF liked his beer.
Oh, and all of this Aloha goodness .
DAILY .
4:30-6:30!
Nice!
Mahalo, Roy's!
We will be back!

OMG!
This place is absolutely WONDERFUL!
In celebration of my birthday a group of friends and I went to Roy's.
A friend made reservations well in advance and when we arrived we were immediately seated.
I opened my menu and to my surprise inside the menu was a flyer that was personalized for all the guest in my party wishing me, yours truly, a happy birthday.
It was a nice keepsake.
At the end of our meal we were also photographed and given the picture in a nice frame to forever capture the event....Anywho...on to the food.
For an appetizer I enjoyed the lobster roll.
It was good.
The seafood fresh and the presentation awesome.
My girlfriends had salt and pepper calamari and the other had szechuan baby back ribs (these were heavenly).
Main entrees we enjoyed the misoyaki butterfish and it was succulent, moist and melt in your mouth fabulous.
My other friend enjoyed the rack of lamb and judging by the bones left on her plate they must have been pretty darn good as well.
Dessert.
I had the pineapple upside down cake and my friends had the apple crisp tart and the molten hot chocolate cake...orgasmic...lol  Oh, I forgot the sangria it was Wonderful as well...
This place is awesome.
However, if you are looking for a $20 meal this is not your place.
Be prepared to spend a little more than average here.
It is worth every penny.
Appetizers are roughly between $10 -$20.
My dinner entree alone was $28.95 and desserts average what appetizers cost.
Bring your credit card...lol   I hear happy hour is wonderful with wonderful prices.
I will be returning very, very soon.

Amazing service and decor.
Try the ribs, they melt in your mouth

Freaking amazing!
A MUST try!
I had the Prosciutto Wrapped Hawaiian Ono, again... AMAZING!
This place is awesome, can't say enough great things about it!
The staff did an exceptional job.
Their $5 happy hour menu is a pretty good size with pretty good portions, would recommend two if your creating a meal.
The prices are good for the happy hour selection but the full meal menu prices are  a lil steep ($25-$35, couple items up to $40) compared to surrounding restaurants but well worth it.
I will definitely be visiting Roy's again as well as recommending it to others.

Our legal department held a dinner meeting here.
Wow!
what a nice place!
Food was amazing, so was the wine.
Service was outstanding.
Pricey, but well worth it.

Had a lovely meal here last night for my husband's bday.
We enjoyed the $5 aloha happy hour at the bar.
All of the drinks were fabulous.
The lobster roll was good and fresh, but it was difficult to taste the lobster.
The calamari was great, but the sauce was far too spicy for our tastes.
They had a special birthday message in the menu as well as chocolate bday wish on a small dessert plate of cookies and a picture of the two of us to commemorate the special occasion.
My Mahi was very good, although slightly dry.
The husband's shellfish sampler was superb.
The chocolate souffle was delicious!
The restaurant made it a very special dinner.

I was surprised that they have such a great happy hour, they call it Aloha hour.
But come early because it gets packed.
The chocolate souffle is a MUST every single time I go to Roy's.
Order it early because it takes them a little while to make the oozing cakes of goodness.
I could live off of their souffle!
Can't wait to come back for more!

We've eaten at multiple roy's locations throughout the U.S. And although the Maui location stands out, this one is still one of the better locations.
My significant other loves this place and always gets the butterfish, I've tried a variety of dishes with fixed reviews, the salmon is one of the best I think.
I have to admit that when we come here and it's slow, your Roy's experience is much better than say on valentine's day or close to it.
Still this place is pricey, most of time it's worth the cost but on some occasions not so much.

I have been to several Roy's ,at different locations, this one is far better than the one at the JW Marriott.
Service and food were top notch -- they even switched chairs for my elderly visiting parents, to make them more comfortable.
Well done job on all counts for this location!

03/31/11  Had planned to partake in Fleming's happy hour (had a giftcard), but came here instead when I saw how busy it was at the bar (and I didn't want to sit outside in the heat).
I knew Roy's had a quasi-HH (free edamame-- what kind of HH is that?
), so I had resigned to have Roy's tasty Waimanolo (sp?
) salad.
Surprise, surprise!
Roy's now offers four food items (ahi tuna, calamari, Wagyu sliders, and beef skewers!
), as well as a few wines by the glass and ALL of its signature cocktails during happy hour for $5 each!
I've tried the skewers before and wasn't too impressed, but I knew the calamari was very good, so I didn't go for that (even though I really wanted to have some).
No, what I had my eye on were the Wagyu beef sliders, w/ caramelized onions and, wait... what else did I read?
Sweet potato fries??
Oh, yeah!
My name was all over this dish!
I also placed an order for chardonnay, but I changed my mind when I saw that I could try another of Roy's signature drinks-- the last ones I'd tried many, many months ago were my espresso martini and a friend's lemon martini I'd sampled.
I was doubly-excited when I spotted Roy's Hawaiian take on the classic sidecar!
This happy hour was going to be FUN!
The Fred and Ginger cocktail did NOT disappoint!
It contained Hennessy VS cognac and Domaine du Canton ginger liqueur w/ a candied ginger peel garnish served in a martini glass.
It was beautiful to behold and so very delicious to sip!
'Twas a shame I couldn't finish the whole drink-- had to save some room for the sliders and fries (and the dessert I hadn't even planned on having later on!).
I really liked the sliders-- there were two of them, one on either side of the mini-Chinese takeout box filled w/ seasoned crispy sweet potato fries.
The sliders tasted like Whoppers (back in its heyday in the early 80's) kicked up several notches (LOVED the crispy/chewy pretzel buns!
), and the fries were seasoned w/ herbs and even had a bit of cheese drizzle here and there!
I would definitely order the cocktail and app again, and for $5 each, they're a steal!
(I almost did not want to yelp about Roy's happy hour, bec.
I wanted to keep this a secret for a little while.
)  Thinking back, the cocktail and app would've been enough to satisfy me for the rest of the day, but I didn't really want to leave Roy's just yet ( had planned to write a review or two), so I broke down and decided to try the Chocolate souffle ($9.95), Roy's take on the chocolate lava cake, but w/ homemade vanilla bean ice cream and a raspberry coulis.
This item is baked to order, so if you are on a time limit, you should place your order in early, as it takes about 20 minutes to bake.
Was it worth the wait?
Hmm...
I liked the outer edges of the chocolate cake, which had the chewiness of a soft, fresh-baked brownie.
The lava center was definitely gooey and rich, and it tasted like hot brownie batter.
I think I'd have enjoyed the cake and its lava center a lot more if the accompanying vanilla ice cream was of a better quality.
I didn't care for its texture (not creamy enough), nor its flavor (vanilla bean specks were absent and the vanilla essence wasn't strong enough).
This dish cost as much as the app and cocktail combined, and I didn't think it was worth the price.
Can't wait to go back here for HH w/ friends!

I believe it is safe now after a half a dozen visits and never being disappointed, to review Roy's.
My most recent visit (last week) was pretty typical.
FABULOUS service from a Lady who knew exactly how to successfully wait on a small party.
As usual, her impeccable service made the experience all the more enjoyable.
I always have a difficult time NOT having The Butter Fish dish.
It had been voted as one of the Top Ten Dishes in Las Vegas when I lived there a couple of years ago and, although I have never eaten Butterfish anywhere else - OUT OF THIS WORLD!
On this particular visit, our party had a couple of Appetizers (Pot Stickers, Sea Scallops) and two salads (Chopped, Maui Wowie Shrimp) as well as the aforementioned Butterfish entrée our other entrees included, Salmon and both of the available Mahi Mahi dishes.
EVERYTHING was prepared superbly and I can honestly say, that outside of Legal's (East Coast) Roy's does fish better than any other Chain, and better than most Independents specializing in fish.
A great treat every visit and this past one was as good if not better thanany!
Can't miss here.

My husband took me to Roy's when we first started dating and I have to say I was blown away by the food and service.
My husband had the Ahi and I swore I'd never take a bite of something that raw, well, it's now a favorite of mine, it melted in my mouth and was so truly amazing.
I can't tell you what I had because it's no longer on the menu but it has shrimp- Roy's is classy all the way around ....

We went to Roy's for my birthday on Sunday, May 1st.
I made a reservation online and the online form asked if there was a special occasion, so I entered that it was my birthday and it asked for my name... when we got to the restaurant they had personalized the menu's with a welcome and happy birthday page which was beautiful and a really nice surprise.
Each of us (me, my husband and two teenagers) had something different and everything was delicious.
They also brought a complimentary birthday dessert as well as took a group photo and delivered it to us in a frame.
The birthday desserts as well as the chocolate lava cake and the pineapple upside down cake were a perfect way to complete a wonderful evening.
I really would recommend Roy's for any special occasion.

My husband and I first learned about Roy's when we celebrated our 5th anniversary on Kauai.
We were thrilled to learn that a new Roy's had opened up in Ahwatukee.
We celebrated our 12th anniversary at the new Roy's on Ray Rd and were just blown away with the wonderful food (artfully arranged on the plate, so it's a treat for the eyes as well as the tastebuds).
We tried a mojito that had pineapple and ginger in it that was delicious.
I had the swordfish and my husband ordered ono.
Both were fabulous.
We weren't going to order dessert, as I had made a special dessert at home, but the waitress brought us an adorable sampling of mini desserts to taste anyway.
It was a real delight to celebrate our anniversary at Roy's.
We'll definitely be returning!

Maybe it is because the Roy's in San Diego and Hawaii are in locations that are more fun for me (like the ocean view), or maybe it is because once I got stuck with the bill for three of us for happy hour where I only had one glass of wine and the total was $160.00 but, this isn't my favorite place.
It is clean and has trendy decor, but the prices of the food and drinks don't add up to my satisfaction for the value.
If your girl friends want to go there for happy hour pick some where else and don't let them get take away food for their hubbies on your tab!

Went to this location for the first time on a date....I really wish the Scottsdale location was still open because the quality felt alot better there even though it was twice as far of a drive for me.
That being said...it wasn't a disaster...just didn't live up to my expectations from previous visits to other Roy's locations.
For an appetizer we got the Szechuan Pork Ribs which is still a favorite of mine here and I swear I would eat a whole rack of that.
No complaints there.
For the entree I got Ahi tuna and my date got the butterfish from my recommendation as I remember that being really good.
I understand quality food takes time...and maybe I was really hungry as I was at the gym prior to coming here but it felt like ages before we got our food....seriously like 30-40 minutes or so from when we ordered it...I feel that is pretty long.
I think our server forgot to put our order in until like 15 minutes have gone by.
By the time our food arrived I was full on bread but I can always make room for delicious!....problem was...they forgot the delicious in my Ahi...it was dry and bland...I was disappointed...I tried to like it...I even didn't send it back at first even though my date kept insisting....but after taking a bite of her butterfish I realized what i was missing...so I sent it back and got the butterfish....which was just as good as I remembered.
For dessert as allways...the chocolate souffle which is always a favorite.
All in all the reason I'm giving 3 stars is the speed of food delivery and the blandness of the Ahi.
I will come again and will re-review when I go back...i just hope for a better visit next time.
PS: Both my drink and my date's drink were delicious.
I got the pineapple mojito and she got a melon margarita.

i'm a huge fan of Roy's and have eaten at several locations throughtout the US.
Went to the chandler location for fathers day had gift cards to use so started at the bar with the $5 happy hour menu and drinks.
the Hawaiian Martini is great and wonderful choices on the food side we had spicy tuna roll.
..preceded to the dining room for dinner and did the spring prix fix for $39 each salad, entree and dessert.
we shared the meals 2 salads 2 entrees had the fish and hanger steak.
and both desserts.
everything was good..service, pace of the dinner  & atmosphere.
..we had 1 small problem when the steak came out ice cold cook correctly but the plate also cold as the server placed it on the table saying extreemly hot be carefull ..once i was able to let the server know the problem they went into lets fix this mode.
although we choose to take the steak to go the manager came over and gave us 2 $20 gift cards and then at the end of the meal took another $20 off the bill.
nice job i'll be back and i recommend giving them a try..hawaiian fused food in AZ makes u want to hope a plane for MAui...

The Happy Hour prices here are great - $5 each.
The Tempura Spicy Tuna Rolls are the bomb.
Wine selection is just "meh".
Good drinks on Happy Hour.
The service was just so/so.
Definitely a "chain" restaurant.

Butterfish.
Butterfish.
Butterfish.
For those that don't know.
The Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish at Roy's Hawaiian Fusion in Chandler is the top dish in the area by far.
I frequent many local restaurants in Chandler, Ahwatukee, Gilbert, and Scottsdale.
The Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish is a work of art, visually and tastefully.
It comes with a Ginger Wasabi Butter Sauce.
The wasabi is very subtle.
Not spicy.
Served with Forbidden black tai rice which the server explained was mixed with a little coconut milk.
I don't care for the bok choy it's served with, but my girlfriend loves it.
I've had the Butterfish at 5 other Roy's, but the Chandler location by far has the best Butterfish of them all.
Other Roy's serve a soy reduction of sorts.
The other locations should all give the Roy's in Chandler a call.
Everyone that works there is so genuinely nice.
I have been there 30+ times now (about 25 times for dinner & 5 times for Happy Hour)  and have NEVER had a bad experience.
Even when something goes wrong, they fix it ASAP.
I went to their Happy Hour for the first time.
The bartender, Anna, is such a sweetheart.
No matter the request, she was just so cool about it.
The Kobe beef sliders with sweet potato fries are un-real.
Calamari is the best in town, no joke.
They have like 15 hawaiian cocktails to choose from for $5.
There are also six appetizers to choose from for $5.
Considering the ambiance, the food, drink selections, and service staff, this might be the best Happy hour in South Phoenix.
Took my girlfriend there for her birthday.
They had a special insert in the menu wishing her a Happy Birthday.
Ribbons on the table.
A dessert that read 'Happy Birthday Renee'.
And they took a picture of us and printed it out for us to take home.
Unbelievable.
Everyone from the Hostess to the manager wished her a happy birthday and nobody sang a corny birthday song.
Awesome.
Overall Roy's in Chandler is the real deal.
The service staff is top notch.
I've spoke with a couple of the managers as well as the head chef Red on a few occasions and you can tell they truly care.

I had seen all the good reviews on Yelp so I expected a good meal at Roy's but I was still pleased at how good the food actually was.
The boyfriend and i hit up Roy's on a Friday night.
We didn't have reservations so we were offered a table in the bar.
The bar isn't very big but it was full so it was pretty loud.
The noise was a tad distracting so I might try the dining room next time.
But other than that we had a nice time.
I ordered a Mai Tai to drink and the Macadamia Nut Mahi Mahi for my entree.
Boyfriend ordered the filet.
The Mai Tai was yummy and rummy.
Although a bit on the pricey side - $12.
I did not order a second.
My Mahi Mahi was served with new potatoes and gravy and asparagus.
The fish was done perfectly and had a great texture and flavor.
The potatoes were nice and tender and the asparagus was good too.
The portion of the fish was quite large.
Boyfriend's filet was tasty as well.
Slightly more done than he likes it but not overdone.
The steak comes with mashed potatoes (with bacon!
) and broccoli.
He did not hesitate in cleaning his plate.
For desert we ordered the chocolate lava cake.
Maybe I was just too full but I found this to be a little underwhelming.
The ice cream was more like frozen yogurt and while the cake was full of oozing chocolate it just didn't have that decadent chocolate taste I was hoping for.
Overall I was very happy with my night at Roy's.
I would definitely go back.

We ate at Roy's last night and it was absolutely superb.
I choose the surf and turf, the filet was so tender and cooked to perfection.
The lobster tail was so succelent and fresh I just wish I had left overs.
For once we decided to go without the amazingly rich choclate soffle desert, when it was time we wished that we had ordered it.
The Staff is always pleasant and there are so many wonderful dishes to choose from, my ultimate favorite is the misoyaki butterfish with the forbidden black rice.
Yes it is a little pricey but well worth it.
they have a great happy hour and a prefix menu which allows for most to get a taste of the wonderful food they have without breaking the bank.

My wife and I have wanted to try Roy's since we moved to Ahwatukee.
We're glad we finally made it there because the food was absolutely wonderful.
We called ahead for a reservation and were seated right on time.
Our server was very prompt, and took a moment to go over the menu since we were "first timers".
We started with the lobster potstickers.
They were fantastic.
Substantial lobster filling and light enough to leave room for our entrees.
I was struggling with what to order so our server told us the chef could do a split plate with two entrees.
It was the perfect solution, and very unique compared to other restaurants.
I had the blackened ahi and the prosciutto wrapped ono.
Both were perfectly cooked.
The ahi was spicier than I had anticipated, but very flavorful with great texture.
The Ono was the better of the two dishes.
Light with a great buttery flavor, and the prosciutto didn't overpower the flavor of the fish.
My wife had the scallops.
There were four large diver scallops in the order.
The had a wonderful crispy sear, but were perfectly cooked and moist.
The sauce was very savory as well with great flavor.
We finished with the chocolate soufflé.
it was very light, but rich at the same time.
Word to the wise, pre order this if you're thinking about it for dessert.
Ours came about 10 minutes after we finished our entrees because we pre ordered.
A couple next to us didn't, and they were waiting for theirs even though they finished their entrees before we did.
Overall a great experience and we'll definitely go back.
We'd love to make it in time for the happy hour and try some of the appetizer and cocktail specials.

Best Happy Hour!!!
(or Aloha Hour as they like to call it)   The Original Hawaiian Martini is amazing and only $5 during happy hour.
In fact everything on their happy hour menu is $5 so there are no surprises!
Food is great and quick!
You could fill up on a pretty cheap bill.
Food items range from sushi to sliders... delicious!
This is the place to go if you want more than just the typical happy hour food.

Complimentary bottomless edamame with the meal, which is very nice.
Macadamia nut crusted mahi mahi was good, not especially impressive, but good.
Lobster potstickers and spicy ahi roll were good.
The star of the night was the chocolate souffle.
A must have!
The gooey, hot center was perfect.

We had an excellent time!
Went for restaurant week and my birthday, they were superb!
The menu had a special birthday greeting along with a surprise dessert @ the end of the night.
The food was awesome, I had the mahi mahi and it was perfect.
The service can't be beat, I would go there any day of the week!

I first became aware of Roy and his restaurants four years ago while watching season 2 of "Top Chef.
"  At the time I was planning my first visit to Hawaii, and I was specifically avoiding Oahu and making a beeline for the Big Island so the final competitions on the Big Island captured my fancy.
Roy was a major judge in the competition.
The loss of my job nearly four years ago caused a major shift in priorities for me, as in no more trips to Hawaii anytime soon.
Ditto for dining on haute cuisine.
Somehow I stumbled onto the website for Roy's and learned about the Aloha menu.
With a five dollar price ceiling for drinks and food, I reckoned I could once again sample food that was the culinary equivalent of transcendence without feeling guilty about the expenditure afterwards.
So, I cajoled my meat and potatoes Midwestern beau into taking me to Roy's for an early light meal and cocktails.
From the moment we walked in the door, everything was perfect and professional- very professional.
I should know, once upon a time I made my living in haute cuisine restaurants.
I've always said it's easy to find great food for a commensurate price, the trick is getting great food without a hefty pricetag.
Aloha hour at Roy's affords a person such as myself the opportunity to experience innovative cuisine and cocktails without forfeiting a necessity of life such as electricity for a month.
Getting back to the staff, we were greeted and treated as if we had arrived in a limo instead of a Tundra.
Once seated in the bar for Aloha hour we were not subjected to thinly veiled contempt from the server who realized that the tab was not going to merit the same gratuity as a several course meal.
The hostess, our server, and the manager on duty were  all extremely cordial, polite and provided seamless service and even better food.
The original hawaiian martini I ordered was prepared with top shelf liquors, not cheap substitutes to reflect the reduced price.
We loved the salt and pepper calamari, Waygu sliders, potstickers, and the sushi rolls with a spin.
For a fraction of the price of the average degustation menu we sampled the gamut of appetizers and several drinks- well, I had several drinks, not the driver.
As for ambiance, we were seated at a banquette adjacent to a very large marine fish aquarium.
The atmosphere was subdued, urbane, comfortable and the staff was attentive, accommodating, and knowledgeable.
Since we were on a date at the time, the server offered to take our photo.
It was presented to us in a paper frame shortly afterward.
That is a ready indicator of the staff's desire to go above and beyond percentage-motivated tasks for guests.
Kudos to Roy for bringing the true spirit of Aloha to the mainland along with his unique fushion cusine in a sophisticated atmosphere that reflects warmth and the highest level of professional service for guests regardless of the bottom line at the end of the meal.

In general, I am not a huge fan of chain restaurants.
However, I have been to many Roy's around the country, and I have enjoyed them all.
This particular Roy's stands out and is by far the BEST of them all!
They have a good menu and the food is always well prepared.
What puts this Roy's over the top is the exceptional and personalized service.
They really go out of their way to make you feel like a welcomed and valued guest.
The waiter made a few recommendations, which we didn't particularly enjoy, so after talking with us they immediately brought us something else that we absolutely loved.
This is a great example of really taking care of the customer and ensuring they have a positive experience.
I was very impressed, and I know that I will be returning to this Roy's when I am back in PHX.

Have been here almost every time I come to Phoenix.
Love the atmosphere.
My daughter and father love the big salt water aquarium at the front door.
The service is always great.
The waitress the last time we went made our meal and spoiled my daughter.
Love the non-stop edamame, especially how it is seasoned.
I am never disappointed with the food that I order.
I am confident that no matter what I order, I will love it.
The portion size is perfect.
Although it is not ideal to bring my 11 month old, the staff were great and she loved it.

This is a fantastic up scale resturant.
Happy hour is cheep but the regular menu is pricy how ever that being said the food is worth the price!
We had a fantistic time the fish tank is unbielievable and the decor makes you happy you came so do the servers.
We had the 3 corse meal for $35 the fugi apple salad was the best salad I have ever tasted and the Coco vin was soo good and so much I had to box it up to have room for thechocolet suffle which is delish!!!!
The lobster potstickers were great everone loved their selections and koodos to Roy;s

I came for my parents' anniversary and ended up taking advantage of the happy hour.
We ordered 12 appetizers (two of each), the Penedes cava wine, and four Mai Tais.
Five stars for everything including the service.
The Creme Brûlée was perfect: served in a shallow, large-diameter dish to get the most hard shelled top!

This is a very classy and trendy restaurant.
I am here with my girlfriend and we didn't wait more then 5 minutes before being seated even though there was a very packed house.
The waiter Thom was very polite an attentive and the food was phenomenal.
I will definitely return.

my first-ever experience at one of roy yamaguchi's restaurants was on my tiny little island in the middle of the pacific ocean.
poipu, kauai, hawaii to be exact.
and since my fist experience, roy's restaurants never fail to amaze me.
this was a special occasion because it happened to be my birthday!!
my husband and i decided to do something special and spend the weekend away from tucson and drive up to the phoenix area.
i was excited to find a local favorite of mine from back home up here on the mainland.
i made my special birthday dinner reservation and was even excited that they answered the phone with a friendly 'aloha'.
as expected, we were seated at a nice, intimate table.
the one thing i love about roy's is how personalized he makes your experience.
because they knew i was coming in for my birthday dinner, they made a nice little insert for the menus brought to our table.
when we were done ordering, they rolled the inserts up and gave them to us to have as keepsakes.
our server was gracious and kind the entire evening.
the husband had a combination of two types of seafood -- fish and scallops (that were hugeeeee!!
) and i got the filet mignon.
everything was cooked to perfection.
of course we had to get the chocolate soufflé for desert.
you can't ever go to roy's and not get chocolate soufflé.
it should be against the law.
it has to be the best desert on the face of the earth [in my humble opinion].
to top that off, they even brought out their signature flourless chocolate complete with candle and our server took our picture and framed it to also take home.
we both left fat & happy.
if i could have it my way, i'd choose roy's restaurant for every special occasion we celebrate because the people that work for roy always go above and beyond to make sure everything is perfect.
mahalo nui loa a hui hou, roy's chandler!
hope to see you soon!

The best service, best seafood, and the best Hawaiian martini in the valley.
The Ono was prepared perfectly.
And the upside down pinnaple cake was a perfect conclusion.
Went on our anniversary and they even gave us another free dessert, took our picture, even framed it.

Outstanding!
we started with the pork ribs and sushi sampler appetizer which were both amazing...dinner the teriyaki salmon was great and you have to get the chocolate lava cake for dessert.
All this for $36.95 makes it a great value and worth the trip.

Arrived at Roys with my 13 year old Daughter and wife for a nice night out, we were seated relative quickly (7:15pm on a Saturday night) in the bar area.
The food was very good, however the service was horrible.
The drinks (Grey Goose Martini, Roy's Hawaiian Martini) were under 2 ounces each.
for 10 and 13 dollars respectively, this was not worth the money.
The server did not have any multi-tasking skills and was very poor at up-selling, drink refills and food delivery.
What would have been a 1.75 hour dinner ended up being over 3 hours as she forgot to put in our Appetizers, Entrees or Salad orders.
She did recognize that she made this mistake and gave us our Salad's for free, bringing them out about an hour after we sat down.
The next epic fail occurred when we were ready to leave, the server went MIA for about 20 minutes.
Frustrated I finally walked up to the hostess to find out where she had went and another 10 minutes had passed before she finally dropped our check.
Management was nowhere to be found, even when I asked.
This was in the bar area seating, on 2/25/2012.

Awesome happy hour.
$5 cocktails and $5 appetizers.
The best part is that there must have been about 7 food items and 15 drinks to choose from.
All well worth 5 bucks a pop.
The tenderloin skewers and sliders were standouts.
Service was excellent all around.
Get there early to snag a table.
If I lived closer I would be a regular.

First time at Roy's.
I had the Hawaiian martini, which was excellent, but a bit pricey for a cocktail.
I guess that didn't stop me because I had 2.
The service was wonderful, it was like we had 3 people taking care of us.
We started with the lobster pot stickers.
I could have just eaten those all night, they were great.
I had the roasted macadamia nut crusted mahi mahi.
It was a bit dry, but the flavor was very good.
The portion size was perfect for me and left room for dessert.
Pineapple upside down cake with coconut ice cream was what I needed to top it all off.
Overall, it was a great experience and we will be back!

Very nice atmosphere.
GREAT service, wait staff was very attentive and extra friendly, made the meal even better.
Had the classic sampler with ahi, salmon, mahi mahi and butterfish, upgrade white rice to the black sticky rice, excellent.
Prices were ok but try Aloha Hour from 4:30 to 6:30.
$5 appetizers and drinks, great value if you want a light dinner and a drink.
Carmel macadamia tart for desert was delicious.

I've been a fan of Roy's since I was "forced" to do business in Hawaii years ago.
We took the in-laws to this one for a birthday and the food and service was excellent!
We started off with the Wood Grilled Szechuan Spiced Pork Ribs and they were great.
My wife and I wanted "surf and turf" so I ordered the filet and she ordered the White Truffle & Black Pepper Seared Sea Scallops, they were excellent.
We all shared the chocolate souffle and it was delicious.
The wait staff did a really nice job as well and we thoroughly enjoyed the evening.
Will be going back and taking a client.

This place was soooo good in many ways but I really held back on one star because the connectivity was a bit wanton.
I felt I had to work to be treated like I belonged there commenting on the food.
The lack of a sommelier is a noticeable miss also since there is an extensive wine list but nothing but up sellers pushing the most expensive options without real pairing consideration.
We found a pretty nice South African wine called Excelsior which was a less expensive cabernet sauvignon which matured in  stages.
It really went well with the all the fish with initial fruity tones of fig and a peppered wood.
Sophisticated if you wait a good 30 minutes.
I got the combo trio plus one that is not on the menu but available... butterfish to die for, seared ahi ahi, teriyaki salmon, and a lovely grilled fish ( cannot remember which it was but it sat royally atop a lovely prepared potato slice).
Impeccable sauces and vegetable pairings were just the right thing to set this place apart from other fish houses.
I could not help but also try a guiness chocolate cake special.
If it sticks around, definitely try it if you want to skip the souffle.
But who skips souffle unless they've had it every day for a month?!
I have to acknowledge my servers, Ben and Erin.
They really worked hard to try to answer questions and were attentive to my needs.
My only note for improvement has to do with setting the tone initially.
There was something lacking a bit to make the experience warm from the start.
Perhaps it seemed too rehearsed and not genuine.
It was all redeemed after it seems Erin relaxed and was herself and got to really participating in our dining experience versus just serving us.
Does that make sense?
In other words, by the time we were leaving I felt like she really did care that I had a good experience.
Still, it was good and I will return.

This was my first time at Roy's and I have to say I was pretty impressed.
Our server was awesome (I believe her name was Kelani) she did a great job of answering all of our questions.
I started off with the Hawaiian martini and my fiance had the cucumber cilantro margarita both were very good and unique although kind of pricey.
We then had the Asian soft tacos which weren't personally my favorite however John loved them.
I ordered the macadamia nut crusted mahi mahi and originally when it came out it was super salty I could barely taste anything else at all.
I let our waitress know and she was very quick to fix the issue and brought me out a whole new plate and it was amazing, nice, flaky, and moist it had great flavor.
I had also ordered a side of the pesto risotto and that was tasty as well.
John ordered the white truffle and black pepper sea scallops which were cooked to a perfect medium as he had asked also served with the risotto.
Both meals were so good we had to force ourselves to stop eating just to save room for the pineapple upside down cake which was to DIE for.
It was made fresh to order and served with homemade coconut ice cream(which I could of ate a whole bowl of alone lol) Overall I had a great experience here and while there was a little mishap with the mahi mahi at first they were quick to fix it and the manager even came by and apologized and took care of our dessert for us.

The edamame snack put in the middle of our table was the highlight of the visit.
My signature pineapple martini was great, but there were no prices on the specialty drink menu.
What was up with that?
Everything was trying hard, but just so-so.
Extremely pricey and not even specials were offered because "we change our menu every few months".
Ohh-kay!

one of my favorite restaurants for atmosphere.
great food, great service.....  love love love the pomegranate mojito!
Awesome happy hour.

My hubby and I ate here last night for my birthday dinner.
I wanted to go somewhere close to our house but didn't feel like steak.
A lot of independent restaurants are closed on Mondays so that is why we had to do a chain.
I am not sure if that also explains why this place was so packed.
It may also be due to the fact that they have a great prix-fix deal on Mondays where you can get almost any appetizer, entree, and dessert combination for just $37.
Not a bad deal since we both left the place absolutely stuffed to the brim and we are both big eaters.
Overall, the service at this place is really great and the food is prepared well.
I really enjoyed our visit there but I would never really become a regular since for some reason I am just not a fan of their menu.
I love seafood, but most of their dishes come with a ton of sauce or crusted or wrapped in something.
I think if you have fresh, high quality seafood then you should just let the flavor of the food shine through.
That's just me.
I did really like the taste of the wasabi sauce on my butter fish entree.
I highly recommend ordering that dish.
And also, their cocktails.
I have sampled a few of their specialties on the drink menu and they are all quite good even if they are way overpriced.
I think Roy's is a great option for happy hour when you are looking for something a little higher class than your basic patio bar or for dinner when you feel like a taste of the islands.
But I can't honestly say I'm a fan, hence the three stars.

Went to this Roy's a couple of weeks ago and  it's restored my faith in this chain.
The last time we were at a Roy's was the one in Desert Ridge and it was not good.
The food at the Chandler location is more up to par with what to expect from a Roy's.
Everyone enjoyed their meals and as usually, the Butterfish and chocolat soufflé were excellent!
The only negative was that service could have been a little better.
Our server just seemed to disappear for long periods of time.
He was also a little too "enthusiastic" when speaking which everyone found a little annoying.
As for the food though ..... great!

So we just finished dinner at Roy's for Restaurant Week and I must say it was quite impressive.
We're not accustomed to eating out so 'finely' on a week night, but this has been a rough week for dear hubby of mine and I wanted to treat him tonight.
We showed up a bit early before our reservation, so we sat at the bar and were tended by a couple of lovely gals.
I had a very delish grapefruit martini and he a Jameson... then we were taken to our table and commenced the 'feeding process'.
WOW, it's been over an hour since we ate and I'm still 'stuffed to the brim'!
Their portions were very impressive:  Appetizer: I had the Tempura Crusted Spicy Ahi Roll appetizer, he hadthe Grilled Szechuan Spiced Pork Ribs - consensus: roll was outstanding, accompanied by a fantastic buttery miso; ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender and the flavor coating was finger-licking yumminess.
Main Course: I had the Mac Nut Mahi Mahi and he had the Beef Short Ribs.. again, flavorful!
Mahi Mahi is a little too dry for me (it was cooked more rare, which should have helped this already dry meat) and besides the Lobster essence, there wasn't that much excitement going on.. no spark, no za-zamm...(BTW, HUGE portion on the Mahi Mahi).. his short ribs were scrumptious, especially with that braising sauce to smear it with... his dish was way better than my dish.
Dessert:  We tried both the Souffle and Cheesecake.. the cheesecake BY FAR outdid the Souffle.
The Souffle was just too rich and too chocolatey... unbearably so!
but the cheesecake was creamy, slightly rich but well balanced with the fats in the crumb base... ugh, so good!
Overall we enjoyed it!
Service was great and I appreciated that Roy's participated in Restaurant Week and had such impressive dishes and delivered on all ends (well, except as noted).

There happy hour can not be beat!!
For $5 per item you get fine dining, quality food.
Every bite was better than the last!
Not to mention the best service!
All there kitchen staff & the bar tender have been there since the place opened, 6 years ago!
To me, that is a sign of happy employees.
And when the staff is happy... the customers are happy.
We can't wait to go back!

The service was great and the atmosphere was fun.
We took an interviewee for my husband's company out and had a lovely time.
My husband thought it was a little pricey, but I think three people who were drinking, ordered an appetizer and had three entrees for just a little over $200 was pretty reasonable.
Especially given the unique entres and the amazing service.
I had the white truffle and black pepper scallops and they were amazing.
The pesto rice stuff they were on was sooooooo good.
Had to try the chocolate soufle after reading all the reviews on here and it was yummy, but by that time I was EXTREMELY full!
We'd do it again anytime.

I had been to their Happy Hour last summer and loved it.
Appies and cocktails (extra pts for having "skinny cocktails") for $5 each.
You simply must try this place!
Then...come back for dinner sometime when you feel like throwing down some serious cash for some seriously good eats.
I took a friend there last night as a "thank you for watching my dog while I was on vacation dinner" (her choice but I was totally IN) and she was SO happy!
We started with cocktails: the Mango Mojito was nice but expensive but I REALLY enjoyed the equally pricey Coconut Frappe off the "Lifestyle--Under 150 calories" Menu.
That little taste of cinnamon was inspired!
And the sweetness really set off the salted/garlic edamame which is complimentary (such a nice alternative to bread, which always fills you up too much to enjoy your meal, no?).
We then proceeded to taste everything on each other's plates so I can personally attest to their 3-course Prix Fixe menu (app/entre/dessert for $37)--she chose the Pan-Seared Trout over Black Couscous (not fishy at all, a bit dry for my taste), the Dim Sum (which was nice but I needed a bit more of the Shiso Herb Purée, which was deelish), and of course the Chocolate Souffle (perfectly rich!).
I opted for the Trio, which was on a Yelp special for 30% off ($24 instead of $36, yay!
more $ for cocktails!
) and featured a sampling of 3 of their most popular fish dishes: the Teriyaki Grilled Salmon (yum), the Roasted Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi (double yum!
) and the Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish (triple yum!!).
I can't believe I ate it all!
And that's after splitting a Grilled Pear Salad w/ spicy walnuts and blue cheese (dressing was divine!)...whew!
In addition to all this gastric happiness we experienced, our service (from greeter/hostess to waiter to table-busser) was wonderful.
Attentive, prompt, suggestive and friendly.
A wonderful evening!

Tried Roy's for the first time last night when we met some friends who rave about their Aloha Hour (Happy Hour).
Always avoided going because we tend to not like restaurant chains, but this place is a gem and exceeded our expectations.
The bar area is relatively small, but very classy.
We were able to have few drinks at the bar ($5 for beer, wine, and their signature cocktails) before we were able to get a table in the bar area for 5 people...thanks to Leah and the hostess staff (you guys are great).
Didn't have a bad drink -- loved the The Original Hawaiian martini was delish, as was the mojito, jalapeno margarita, mai tai, and wine.
A friend was sad the cucumber drink she liked was missing from the menu, but sounds like the menu changes often so diners/drinkers get a chance to try new concoctions throughout the year.
For food, we tried most of the HH specials.
Everything was spot on -- excellent flavors and beautifully presented.
The tuna roll and tempura shrimp rolls were my favorites (sushi rolls), with the lobster pot-stickers being a close second.
Some friends ordered dinner...and were able to speak with Chef Bray about his recommendations for fish.
She ended up getting the Crab Dynamite Baked Barramundi, which was so yummy!
The happy rice on the side was great too.
My hubby got the Yellow Fin Ahi Poke -- something we have looked for since trying some fresh poke in Kona, HI last year.
I couldn't believe the flavors...eating poke in the AZ desert!
Its preparation with the Wasabi Crème Fraîche made it a meal we will seek out again in the near future.
Ended our meal by sharing the chocolate souffle, which was a perfect ending to a great Friday night gathering.
Definitely recommend Roy's for seafood that is excellently prepared.
Aloha Hour is a must.
Extra props to Matt, our waiter, and Leah on the hostess team for their accommodations and service.
We had a great night.

Just one word, disappointing ,,, The sushi appetizers were average; the entrees, while good, where nothing spectacular, and the service left much to be desired.
I can accept the mediocre food; but the service was down right weird for a high-end restaurant.
I arrived late, after the other 5 in my party had been seated.
I ordered a Dirty Vodka Martini ... after 10 minutes the waiter returned to ask me if I wanted that "neat" ... duh dude.
10 minutes after that our pre-dinner drinks arrived.
My second pre-dinner drink arrived after we were served dinner.
I had also ordered a bottle of wine for the table.
That arrived 5 minutes after our meals as well- there was simply no sense of continuity in the meal.
If this was Denny's ...
I can understand the slip-shot service; but at $30 a plate, I at least expect to have my wine served with my meal.

This has been our go to place for birthdays, and events for several years.
It has always been a great experience.
This is one of the few higher priced restaurants that IS worth the money.
They do great specials all the time.
Love the $5 happy hour  menu.
Try them all.
There is something for everyone.
LOTS of wine selections.
Do not expect HEAPING plates.
The portions are smaller, but I have never left even a little hungry.
I love the Poke salad.
They made the best BBQ ribs I have ever had anyplace.
I did actually lick the plate because it was SO good.
The sushi rolls are good sized.
The pulled pork is tangy, but not to sweet.
All of the fish is wonderful.
You will want to came back and try it all.
This is a must try place if you want to impress a date.

Absolutely my most favorite restaurant ever.
I reserve it for special occasions, but when I do go, the service is 5 out of 5.
The entrees are portioned just right and the presentation is wonderful.
The overall atmosphere is calm, cool, and collected.
There is not too much excitement that is distracting nor is it quiet as a library.

went for a celebratory dinner- great service, accommodated food allergies, great food.
we hadn't been there in a long time but we will definitely go back soon!
love the chocolate souffle, the ahi, the ono, the salads...you name it!

Oh ROY!
Ba-Boom!
I debated on a 2 star or 3 star review.
....2 Star - - - Here's why:  I went here for a Birthday Dinner..The service was great once we got to the table...What I mean is we had late reservations.
The hostess acted like she was doing us a favor.
She made us wait 15 minutes for them to "set up a table".
Our server was very good, and dinner was nice but the portions...wayyyyy too small.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not a BIG eater by an case, but it seemed as they only served a "taste" of food.
They did leave me wanting more with the salmon but for the most part it was disappointing.
I have to give them credit for having the Hawaiian brew which is very tasty if you give it a shot.
KONA BREWING CO.

My husband asks me to travel with him, often.
99% of the time, I just can't get away.
However, when he told me that he was going to Scottsdale AND that there's a Roy there, I asked him to book my ticket immediately and I would clear my schedule!!
We live in Charlotte, NC and the closed Roy's is 6.5 hours away!
Shameful!
Let me preface the 4 star rating by saying that it really should be 4.5 stars, but that's not an option (Hello, Yelp...get with the .5 star ratings already!).
I really wanted it to be a "5" experience, but it didn't quite live up to the 5 star stellar perfection of the experience that we had at Roy's in Waikiki Beach, Hawaii.
If the Miso Butterfish (one of Roy's Signature dishes on the menu at all of their locations) was prepared exactly as it was in Waikiki, then I would have given 5 stars, no problem!
Everything else about this visit was spot-on, but the difference in the fish had to take it down to 4 stars.
We arrived early for our reservation so we waited at the bar and enjoyed delicious drinks and an appetizer from the Happy Hour Menu until our table was ready.
My husband had the Mango Mojito and I had the Hawaiian Martini.
Both of them were strong and delicious.
The Hawaiian Martini was my favorite drink of the week!
I ordered the Happy Hour Tempura Crusted Spicy Ahi Tuna Roll.
It was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!
Easily, the most delicious thing I ate all week....and I ate some really good food in AZ that week!!!
The Bartender was new to that location so he was still learning the ropes.
He was SO nice, very friendly, and very attentive.
He's going to do great there!
Our table opened up just as we finished our appetizer.
We were seated at a nice table that had great view of the dining room.
My husband ordered the Bing Cherry stuffed Pork Tenderloin.
It was beautifully plated, seasoned perfectly, and was moist and delicious.
He was very pleased.
The Apple & Goat Cheese Potatoes Au Gratin were also excellent.
As mentioned earlier in my post, I ordered the Miso Butterfish.
It was very good, but it wasn't the sublime dish that I had in Waikiki Beach.
The flavors were only marginally different, but enough to make a difference.
We ordered the Kona Coffee Creme Brulee for dessert, but it was a bit too strong tasting for my liking.
Service was excellent, attentive, and timely.
The restaurant is very pretty and the overall ambiance is inviting and upscale, but still comfortable and not stuffy.
It was a great meal and a lovely dining experience.
I would definitely go back and I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone.

I wish I could eat here every weekend....Kinda.
They are on the pricey side, but you can never go wrong if you can have rice for every meal.
Sorry that's the asian girl in me.
The staff was great, and we ordered the Chocolate soufflé its a must!

We tried it this weekend and I have been wanting to try this place for a while so we went.
It was a littler dark inside, quiet, and our server was just okay maybe she just wanted to go enjoy her weekend but -if she has the same personality she did with us, I'm sure her plans were NOT amazing.
Anways- We started with the calamari and it was delicious.
This red sauce they have is really spicy and sweet at the same time and we asked for another serving of it.
The server told me she could write down the recipe but I told her no need- I am far too lazy to actually "try" and recreate it.
But the thought was nice.
For our entrees, I ordered this macadamia crusted mahi-mahi and Travis got the sampler of 3 different fish dishes.
My dish came sitting on top of some mashed potatoes with 3 sticks of asparagus and 6 chopped slices of red potato.
Travis got a bowl of rice with his.
It looked like my dish was better.
I thought my dish was filling also.
Travis, on the other hand ordered a burger 3 hours later.
Our bill was $99 bucks total with each of us getting one alcoholic beverage.
If we do return it will be for the calamari only.

Get the Butterfish!

We went for happy hour, which is bar only.
Shame because it was a nice night, and the patio was dead.
The cocktail menu was fairly big and not badly priced at $6 a pop.
The appetizers were fine, too.
I recommend the sliders and the rolls.
So why three stars?
Because for a happy hour, it was all just meh.
The food was fine, but not outstanding or particularly filling.
The cocktails were fine, IMO, but others at our table found them too sweet.
Very limited beer selection, too.
Looking at the regular menu, there's no way I could swing those prices for the plates I saw people receiving.
I hear the chocolate souffle, though, is definitely worth it.

Love Roy's!!!
They have such complex, flavorful food choices and beautiful presentation.
The wait staff is extremely knowledgeable about their menu items and can brief you on the unique menu items available at this location only.
It's a little pricey, but for a celebration or special occasion, the experience here is perfect.
Don't miss the chocolate souffle at the end!

I love the calamari!

What an incredible experience for our 29th Wedding Anniversary.
When we went into be seated inside the menu, on both our menu's, was a sheet of paper Wishing the Noble Party a Happy Anniversary with a wonderful versus.
We had a drink and a glass of wine with dinner - Roy's special Tito's Cab was terrific.
They brought us edamane as an appetizer which was so flavorful.
Our dinner was the BEST - my husband had a sample plate with 4 different 3 oz.
main courses meals.
I had the Trio so - we could see almost all of their main entrees.
Everything was so delicous - it was difficult to think about chosing one for our next visit.
We want to Thank our server Nicole and Kaleb Threlkeld the manager.
I forgot my camera and Nicole took a picture for us and presented it after dinner.
The evening was the very best.
You will be seeing more of us!!

My family and I have been to Roy's several times, and we usually go for a combination of the food and ambiance/service.
Tonight, though the food was good, we were sorely disappointed with the latter.
Our server did not smile once throughout the entire dinner, and he frequently seemed annoyed with us.
I don't ask that servers are constantly cheerful, but this particular waiter's demeanor was sour enough to cast a cloud over the whole experience.
He would ask the requisite questions, but always with a disdainful look on his face.
He also seemed irritated that we didn't order any drinks, and he all but snatched our wine glasses away.
Specifically, a few other things stand out among the general attitude of displeasure he displayed.
We ordered the mango streusel dessert (from the prix fixe menu), and he brought out a pineapple dish and called it "apple pecan... eh...
thing.
" We didn't realize it was the wrong dessert until we dug into it, so we didn't say anything.
Then, when it was time to pay, we wanted to use two gift cards plus a credit card to cover his tip.
We had some confusion about how to do this, and he seemed really impatient when we asked questions.
Then, when we said we would think about how we wanted to split things up, he backed away with his hands up and stomped away.
Lastly, when we had paid and wanted to double check that we had properly written everything out on the receipt, he just snapped, "That's fine.
" Again, I didn't expect him to fawn over us, but considering that we were trying to tip him (generously, might I add, given his rudeness throughout the night), he could have shown a little patience or at least said thank you.
I want to give the server the benefit of the doubt and assume that he was having a bad day, but it's really a shame that the good food and atmosphere were tainted by his unpleasant behavior.
Next time my family wants to enjoy a nice dinner, we will probably choose a restaurant where we can expect a server who doesn't sneer at us.
***  Edit: The manager saw my original review (above) and called to get more feedback.
This impressed me and showed that Roy's really cares about its customers, and Emiliano was nothing but courteous and understanding when I spoke with him.
He even sent a $50 certificate for our next visit.
I really appreciate that he reached out and will be sure to try Roy's again soon.

Great restaurant and service; their menu changes quarterly but will often improvise off the old menu if you request it.
Also the steak is the same quality as Flemings for about half the cost

I gotta say, the service we got at Roy's was the best service I've ever gotten and ever since that visit I measure all other waiters by that standard.
It was absolutely outstanding!
We celebrated a special occasion there and we couldn't have been happier with our choice of a restaurant.
It might be just a little bit too loud if you want a quiet romantic dinner but the service and the food make up for it.
Everything was delicious, and again, the service was quite impressive!
The waiter made us feel like we were his most special customers not just that night, but ever!
:) So Roy's will always be our first choice for special occasions.

Even though Roy's is a nationwide chain, it's a pretty nice chain, built from the hard work of creator Roy Yamaguchi, whose Asian-fusion dishes embody the spirit of Hawaiian cuisine.
A nice perk of making reservations here online is that they offer 1000-point Opentable reservations for certain times and days.
This will put you half-way towards redeeming a gift certificate!
After we got seated and were poring through the menu, we received a plate of steamed edamame to snack on.
They were nicely seasoned with a sweet-salty-spicy mixture.
They currently offer a prix-fixe menu, where you get your choice of 1 out of 3 appetizers, entrees, and 1 out of 2 desserts for about $36.
Our waiter recommended a few a-la-carte items for our meal, which is what I ended up ordering (Go with what the experts know!).
I started with the lobster potstickers.
They had a nice crunchy pan-fried outer texture to contrast with the ginger-lobster filling.
The lobster was nice and tender, and had a delicate flavor that went pretty well with the sauce and glaze accompanying the dumplings.
My husband had ordered the prix-fixe menu, and decided on the citrus salad, which was served in a beautiful presentation, with bright, vibrant colors, and refreshing flavors.
As for the entree, I got the recommended misoyaki butterfish.
The butterfish was indeed a tender, buttery melt-in-your mouth texture.
The glaze seemed more heavy on the "(teri)yaki" side rather than the "miso" side, and as a result it was a bit too sweet for me.
There was a small bed of a pico de gallo type mixture on top of the fish which helped balance out the sweetness of the glaze somewhat, but I would have needed more of it to go with the rest of the fish since it was a limited amount.
The presentation was beautiful, as the darkly glazed fish was perched on top of a bed of bok-choy and forbidden black rice, surrounded by an emerald green wasabi sauce.
I also tried some of the prix-fixe pork shank, which was fall-off-the-bone tender, excellently seasoned with a lovely broth-like sauce.
We shared dessert, which was the chocolate souffle.
The molten dark chocolate in the souffle was nice, and the cold vanilla ice cream was a good complement to the deep, rich chocolatey hot souffle.
Service was a little sluggish, but friendly.
If you feel like splurging on a good meal, Roy's might be a good choice if you want an upscale Hawaiian experience in Arizona.

Roy's was the most enjoyable restaurant experience I've had as of recent.
Everything from our bartenders recommendations of wines, to the personal attention from the General Manager, to the perfect service from our exceptional server, to the food, left absolutely nothing to be desired.
The food itself is plenty reason to go back again and again, but the experience as a whole makes this one notch above the top.

Love happy hour at Roy's!
It is our favorite date night spot.
$6 apps and signature drinks.
I crave the original Hawaiian martini and the spicy tuna roll.
Sliders with sweet potato fries are delish!
Have dined here for supper on our anniversary and everything was excellant.
The Szechaun pork ribs were amazing.
Surf and turf was great, and the pineapple upside down cake with coconut ice cream was so tasty.
They even brought out a mini desert sampler and had a special menu insert with our names on it wishing us a happy anniversary.

Love love love this place!!
They have the best happy hour, $6 appetizers, wine, and martinis!!
It's close to home and a great place to stop in after work.
The service is impeccable, even in the bar area.
Sushi rolls are yummy, along with lobster potstickers.
This is one of our favorites, we are here once or twice a month..

This has forever and a day been my favorite Restaurant, my daughters as well.
So when I asked her where she wanted to go for her Birthday , this is where she choose.
Now we had not been to this location ever.
Just some of the others around the Country and Hawaii.
Plus it had been well over a year since we had even visited Roy's, but they were the shiny star of my memories.
Every thing you could ever want in a Seafood Restaurant.
When I made the reservation they asked if it was a special occasion, I told them it was Rachel's B day.
When we arrived they told her Happy Birthday and gave us special menus on the inside it said Happy Birthday Rachel and the date.
Wow, I thought that was pretty amazing.
Our server was an amazing girl that thought of every thing.
The manager even came over to wish my daughter a Happy Birthday.
All the drinks were usurper!
The food was truly amazing!!
We had the Canoe for two for starters, even though there were 3 of us, there was more than enough.
Plus, Mario got a salad which he said was delish!
We had the Butterfish , the Mahi Mahi , and the Old School combo,which was 4 fish dishes on one large dish.Mario had that one.
Every thing was perfect, I mean everything.
For dessert we had the Chocolate Souffle and they even treated the Birthday girl to a wonderful Creme Burle, with fresh fruit and chocolate cake.
They even put Happy Birthday in chocolate sauce on her dessert plate.
Yes it is expensive but, at least you are getting what you pay for .
Great service and Great food.

It has been a while since I wanted to try this place and I finally did last week.
The location is good and the ambiance is vibrant (at least on a Friday).
However the service was slow and nothing impressive.
The food was average at the most.
I had the lobster potstickers which were good and the Roy's Original Hawaiian Blackened Island Ahi.
The spicy butter sauce was more spicy than expected (horseradish type of spiciness) and the flavor wasn't that great anyways.
For desert I had the chocolate dish that takes 20 minutes to make (they tell you in advance, so that's not a problem) which was actually pretty good.
For the price the place is not worth it.
It's ok for a date but not if you're looking for good food.
Specially if you're not willing to drop $60 per person and leave unsatisfied.
Cheers.

Really excellent seafood restaurant with different menu choices than a standard seafood place.
The first time I was in a Roy's was in the mid 90's in Tokyo (now closed as far as I know) and really enjoyed it but never found another one at least any one I had time to get to.
Service was excellent, server was able to describe the dishes we had questions on and they were correct.
Overall very enjoyable evening and I will be looking for Roy's in more cities I visit.

Roy's...huge let down.
Anticipated something bold and courageous, the beef lacked character and pizazz.
The tiger shrimp was ok, nothing exciting.
Finished with the pineapple upside down cake that teetered closer to chewy candy.
It was clear that the price of the menu was predicated on the ambiance not the "fusion" of dynamic food.
Save your money...

Maybe it's me, but I don't like this Roy's at all!
This was actually the first Roy's I ever ate at and it left such a poor taste in my mouth that I was reluctant to visit Roy's while on my honeymoon in Hawaii.
I'm glad the hubby convinced me to give them a try though because the Hawaii locations are awesome!
This one, meh, not so much.
I ordered scallops and they were not properly cooked or seasoned.
The appetizer was way too oily and the service was poor.
We were waiting at least 10 minutes for our cocktails to land.
I didn't experience any of this while we were in Hawaii.

Last night, we celebrated My birthday and Mother's day at Roy's.
This is our second experience and it almost matched our first.
The food was wonderful and our server Timothy was great even though the restaurant was totally crowded because of Mom's day.
Our one problem was that they sat us next to a water station and I had a wait person running behind me all the time.
I finally moved around the table but was now looking at the water station.
I believe, they should have moved us when it was brought to their attention.
The food was wonderful as before.

Best scallops I've ever had

I've eaten at the Roy's in Waikiki several times.
This was the first shot at the Chandler version.
Overall pretty good.
However, while the server was nice, the service overall was uneven at best, out of sync at worst.
I ordered wine before I finished my salad but it didn't show up until after my main course showed up.
How does that happen?
This is another case where 3.5 is probably where this place ranks, but agin it's not a choice.
That being said, its not a 4 based on the uneven service.

After reading some of the other reviews I was a bit concerned but after our most recent visit, Thursday evening, I can only say good things about the Chandler Roy's.
This is not our first visit but it was definitely our best.
We went for the prix fixe surf and turf with some reservations concerning the low price but were pleasantly surprised.
Begin with the Miso soup, you will not be disappointed.
The Lobster was broiled to perfection and the Filet Mignon was perfectly cooked tasting better than any steak I've had in the Phoenix metro area in recent memory.
We were at Morten's last month and this blew them away.
Last trip to Morten's for us.
The service could have been a slight bit better although she was swamped and held her own with the help of the ancillary staff.
Our server was very friendly and kudos to her for the recommendation of pineapple upside down cake with toasted coconut ice cream.
This was one of the best desserts I've EVER had and I love dessert.
Our party of 4, 1 of which is quite a cook herself, was indeed impressed.
As far as drinks go we all had Mai Thai's which had a slightly different flavor than any we had tasted before but that wasn't a problem as they were delicious!
Great food, dessert and drinks, need I say more?
OK, good times, good food...

Delicious upscale casual fare.
Excellent service.
I had the salmon.
Overall a very nice experience.

Lobster potstickers!
They are delicious and my little girls loved them too.
We went to happy hour and sat outside around the firepit.
The atmosphere was amongst the best there is.
Happy hour prices were good but portions are really small.
We also had the pork tacos and beef sliders both of which were yum.
The cocktails were top notch.
I don't like super sweet drinks and these were perfectly refreshing.

My quick summary: One of the best places I've been to eat, possible ever.
My husband and I went here last night to celebrate our anniversary.
My husband had made the reservation online.
It was great because it asked if we had any allergies, so he could let them know ahead of time that I'm gluten free.
They also asked if we were celebrating anything special, so he let them know if was our anniversary.
As soon as we walked in the door and let them know our names, they immediately wished us a happy anniversary, and grabbed me a gluten free menu.
When we got to the table we found they had created personal menu inserts, congratulating us on our anniversay, brought us a complimentary glass of champagne, and let us know the chef had prepared for us an anniversary tasting menu (gluten free for me) if we wanted to go off the regular menu.
It was truly memorable.
The tasting menu was amazing, simply amazing.
The started with a shrimp & scallop appetizer.
Scallops are one of my favorite things, and this was cooked perfectly.
They brought us a small plate of steamed edemame, and the seasoning was super delicious.
The next course was ahi tuna poke.
It was a little spicy, but the cucumber and avacado they served it with toned it down and made it perfectly balanced.
We were then served butterfish bites.
I have to say, that is one of the best things I've ever eaten, hands down.
It served with a ginger glaze and a little wasabi.
I could have eaten a whole portion of that.
We also had a small salad of arugala, dates, panchetta, and a white balsamic dressing.
It was so light and refreshing.
All the flavors just exploded in your mouth.
The main course consisted of steak and a half lobster.
The lobster was buttery, delicious, and perfectly cooked.
The steak was served with a red wine ver blanc.
The official dessert was their chocolate souffle, but as a surprise they served a mini dessert for us with chocolate cake and creme brulee.
They decorated the plate to say Happy Anniversay and took a complimentary picture for us.
Those mini desserts were divine.
Then came the souffle, I'd been eager to try it for about a week.
It did not disappoint.
The chocolate was rich, the inside was gooey chocolate goodness.
Between the experience of all the managers & our server catering to our anniversary and the amazing food, my husband and I are guaranteed to become regulars here.

For the price; definitely not worth a visit  I would definitely not return to this restaurant; although based on other reviews I might try one in a different city.
The service was not good.
We were seated by a very inexperienced host and our main waitress seemed to be very new and moved from "stalking us" to ignoring us for long periods of time.
In addition, the food was good but not up to par with the prices.
I had the seafood sampler and the lobster was on par to something you would get at Red Lobster (it was small and overcooked)-seriously.
My husband had the seafood quad (not on the menu) and said all of the fish (except the tuna which was served raw) was overcooked.
We did enjoy the beef spring rolls; although the presentation was really odd...they looked like three soggy cigars when they came out; but they were delicious.
Finally we had the chocolate desert that you have to order ahead...I had one bite; it was not worth the calories.
We did enjoy the wine...Fess Parker Ashley but we found by the second bottle that we needed to move it to the other side of the booth because our waitress kept over pouring our glasses...it was crazy.
Anyway, hope you have a better experience.

visited Roy's for the 1st time in chicago and loved it, went to Maui but didn't get a chance to try it , until we found out there's one right here in AZ, we loved the cocktails, appetizers and food was great!
Highly recommend for a special occasion, the service was excellent and we had a reservation that we had made only 15- 20 min prior to arriving,  but I do recommend making reservations if you have a large party.
GO visit this place if you want a nice seafood dinner and great drinks.

So, we were back at Roy's for our anniversary dinner.
Seems like each time I go here, it gets better!
Had to have a couple of the Hawaiian Martinis again.
They are my favorite.
Again, we started with the Crunchy Golden Lobster Potstickers, the best I have had.
For the main dish I had the Hawaiian Style Misoyaki Butterfish, which literally melted in my mouth.
Was delicious!
I am usually not one to eat "everything" on my plate, but left nothing here.
They had asked us if we were celebrating anything special while they seated us, so we let them know it was our anniversary.
They brought out to us a plate of mini desserts to have and offered to take a picture for the occasion.
We also had ordered some dessert.
There was nothing left when we were done and left completely satisfied.
I cannot wait to return for more great food!

I LOVE this place!
We've been to both the Chandler location and the Anaheim, CA location.
Every single thing on the menu is incredible!!
Can't wait to go again and try something new - you literally can't go wrong with any choice!
Highly recommend this place to anyone who hasn't been here!

Finally made it to Roy's for their "Aloha (Happy) Hour"...and boy we were sooooo happy we did!
We had been there for dinner before but it was a nice change :)   First off the bartender, Matt, was super personable and greeted us right away.
My husband and I don't eat meat, but we LOVE fish - so we ordered 1 of each of the fish appetizers served during Aloha hour...  1) Mahi Fish Taco - Super fresh and a nice crunch...oh and the jalapeno sauce -YUM!
2) Lobster Potstickers - also very nice...wish there were more than 3 per portion 3) Ahi tuna roll - Definitely our favorite of the four!
One of the best sushi rolls i've ever had 4) Ebi Roll - close second to the ahi roll...the addition of mango  really elevated this "shrimp tempora" roll to a new level  We finished it off with the lemon cheesecake - so refreshing!
We definitely recommend Roy's for dinner or Aloha hour!

Great food, great service, great atmosphere.
One of the best meals out we've had in a long time.
My husband and I both agreed that this was a memorable meal where they got everything right.
(We eat out regularly, and this experience stood out from others.
)  My husband is still talking about how incredible the steak he had was, days later.
I really enjoyed the bento box and the chocolate souffle dessert.
The service was more attentive that I have seen anywhere else in a long time, which was nice because we were never left with an empty water glass etc.
Also, they do have special menus for people who have dietary restrictions.

Love Love Love this place.
I have been to Roy's at many locations and especially enjoyed the Roy's on Maui, but this is one of my favorites.
This place is amazing with a reoccurring Hawaiian theme, whats not to love!
It is a mix of European techniques and Asian cuisine while meeting Hawaiian hospitality.
Honestly, I love the Seared Ahi Tuna and get this dish most of the times come.
But when I decide to change it up, I am never disappointed.
For the appetizers we loved the crunchy golden lobster pot-stickers, for the salads we loved the roasted beet salad and grilled pear salad and for the entrees (besides the Ahi Tuna) the crab dynamite baked barramundi is delicious(a little rich so be prepared),  the mahi mahi and Hawaiian style misoyaki butterfish is absolutely mouth watering!!!
If you are reading this, you must go and try :)  I also heard from one of my friends that the filet mignon is one of the best around.
I have not had the chance yet to give it a whirl.
So maybe a surf & turf next?
Last but not least is the dessert.
This may be my favorite at any restaurant out there.
Roy's Chocolate Souffle.
A delicious chocolate lava cake with vanilla ice cream and a tad of raspberry sauce - it literally melts in your mouth.
This is a MUST, make sure you order it!
Remember, there is always room for dessert!
Monday nights are usually a fix priced 3-course menu, so you should check it out.
Great deal if they still offer.
My friend and I have dined here many times and we have had some issues in the past with take-out food, so make sure your order is correct before leaving.
ALOHA!

Would recommend this restaurant to everyone.
Great food and service.
Best dessert ever!

Wow!
Great ambiance, fun/knowledgeable servers and great food.
From the time our party of 6 entered the door, we were treated like royalty.
We had previously called and their nationally rated executive chef cooked for us what must have been a 10 course truly amazing meal.
Eclectic, artfully presented various Asian fusion dishes, each one a true taste delight.
Chef Patrick even visited our table multiple times to make sure we were enjoying his creations.
This restaurant, guided by their wonderful Chef Patrick, is not to be missed.

More like a 4.5   I was going to give it 5 stars but then went in the bathroom.
The stalls are really small and if I were a little bigger then I wouldn't fit.
And it had been some time since they were checked because there was paper trash throughout the floor.
We went for date night before going to the movies because it is one of the places that offers a deal for restaurant week.
Instead of bread, they give edamame seasoned with sea salt, brown sugar, and togarashi (?
) oh my are they addicting!
The lobster potstickers were good even though there were only 3 of them, the sizzling beef app was tasty, but not worth $14.
The macadamia nut crusted mahi mahi, YUM!
I would even pay the asking price for that!.
Even the blueberry  cheesecake was light and fluffy.
Eric was our server and he was great!
Everything in a timely manner, the right personality, absolutely loved the team work they had there.
I think every should enjoy Roy's at least once!

"Making it okay to have seafood in phoenix"  Yes, yes, that sounds like an awful thing to say!
But it really is true, I have had some fabulous seafood dishes in phoenix and some that left a bit to be desired.
A group of us came here for the pre-fixe menu.
You get an entree and a regular size app for a fixed priced.
It's actually a really good deal considering this place is err a little on the pricey side.
We sit down and everyone is super nice!
As we wait for our orders, we are brought out some spicy thai like edamame.
It was delish!
Before talking about my meal, let's talk about how absolutely knoweldgeable our waitress was.
I hate I can't remember her name, but she was SUPERB..
I always say it is nice when you talk with someone who knows the menu down to how the best way to serve it is (i.e.
fish should be medium because it loses flavor the longer it's cooked) but offered flexibility when I wanted my potstickers well done (texture always gets me).
My group has the crunch golden pot stickers and calamari - fantastic!
They are really setting the tone for me.
For my entree I had the Roy's Original Hawaiian Blackened Island Ahi - this was mahvelous and cooked to absolute perfection.
The spicy mustard that accompanied with it took it over the edge!
Everything else my group ordered was good as well.
People had no complaints which is hard to do in big groups.
Last but not least, dessert.
There was some chocolate goodness and something else.
I'm not a big fan of desserts, but for those who are.. these were quite tasty!
Would totally go back and Mondays made it way more reasonable.

Very pleased with our choice to go to Roy's!
The ambience and service was great, and the food was even better!
The Butterfish seemed to be the favorite of the group, but the surf and turf and sushi rolls were excellent as well!
I saw tips to get the chocolate soufflé, but I have to say I was a bit disappointed.
It was really a molten chocolate cake, NOT a soufflé.
It was delicious, but not what I was expecting.

Just went to here to have birthday dinner.
It we a quiet Monday eve late parking lot not full.
We didn't have a reservation and we're treated like that was not acceptable but they would try to fit us in, it would be a few minutes.
We watched at least three parties leave and one go in while we waited over 30 minutes with no communication from the staff.
Very rude!
Will not go back.
We went across the way to Z'tejas and we're taken right in.
The food at Z'Tejas  was great and we had very good service!

I am a huge fan of Roy's -- I am from Hawaii so I have eaten at the Roy's in Waikiki several times and the one in Hawaii Kai once.
Every meal has been really, really, really good...I dream of them...lol  So this review is almost a review in comparison with other Roy's, rather than a review on the restaurant itself.
The food was great compared to other restaurants, but not as good as the food at Roy's in the two locations in Hawaii (and we ordered the same dishes as I've had in Hawaii).
Also, I saw later that the amount with tip charged on my credit card was $2 more than what we had actually signed for....so that was not cool :( Definitely one star deducted for that.
Entrees:   Roasted Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi - Well prepared, but seemed under-seasoned than other Roy's preparation  Braised Short Ribs of Beef - This was on-par with Hawaii Roy's location preparation.
My husband ordered this and I was trying to swipe as many bites as I could lol I was enjoying it more than my mahi mahi.
Dessert:  My husband ordered the cheesecake, which I actually hadn't had in Hawaii -- it was SO good!
It was very rich, creamy and the crust was perfect.
I ordered my absolute favorite -- the chocolate molten cake with the raspberry drizzle...YUM!
And it was delicious as always, but they were skimpy with the raspberry drizzle here and the cake was a bit chewier than Hawaii's preparation.
All in all, it was a great meal compared to other restaurants in general.
But compared to other Roy's locations, the food was just okay (plus not cool for the tipping 'mistake').

Delicious food.
Nothing you'd expect from a chain.
Went during a business trip, was floored by service and quality.

I was contacted by the GM of this location and I always appreciate it when a place has customer service that makes the effort to resolve issues.
Even though I had a slight hiccup in my last visit, I have always enjoyed every meal at Roy's and I'm sure I will enjoy many more in the future.

Simply the best.
Everything there is perfect!
We go there once a week.
If you want a great night out without worries, then go to Roy's!

Absolutly made my anniversary night with my wife spectacular!
A must for any romantic.
Excellent service, keepsake menu's and food that will make your toung twirl like the north shore.

Roy's is one of my favorite restaurants.
My wife and I dined at the original location in Oahu when we got married; that's how much we enjoy Roy's.
We plan to go back for our anniversary dinner each year.
Each location has a slightly different menu so when I was in Phoenix for a business trip I wanted to make sure to get the chef's specials for this location.
I had the lobster sushi roll and lobster pot stickers for appetizers, and the Himalayan Sea Salt Ribeye with a side of scallops for the entree.
Although I love Roy's I have to say the steak wasn't that great.
It was cooked and seasoned perfectly, but the cut of meat had too much connective tissue I had to work around.
The scallops were wonderful, soft and tender and very flavorful.
I've been here so many times with 5 star experiences that I'm averaging it out to 4 stars for this review.

Ordered two dish dishes and both were amazing.
It was very tender and perfectly cooked and seasoned.
Atmosphere was very classy.

This is the 3rd Roy's location that I've been to.
My husband and I visited for our anniversary and enjoyed the experience overall.
Our waitress was so nice and very informative about the menu.
My husband and I normally don't drink when we go out to eat but he decided to go ahead and order a beer.
He asked for a "Dos Equis" and they let him know that they didn't carry that brand.
He decided to go for his other favorite beer, Blue Moon, which they did carry.
Sadly, the beer never came.
Our waitress must have forgotten.
The group that she was serving next to us was ordering so many drinks and so many menu items so she might have felt the tip over there was going to be higher and proceed to neglect us a little bit.
Not a big deal.
The food was really good and we, of course, ordered the chocolate souffle.
Unfortunately, when I cut into the souffle, the chocolate didn't ooze out like it normally does.
It was certainly over-baked.
Again, not a huge deal as I've had it in the past and it's always been incredible.
I'm sure it was just a fluke.
Could our service and experience been better?
I think so.
Will be go back?
Certainly!

Other than missing the tropical breezes of the Islands, this particular Roy's has some of the best ambiance of all.
First off, the service is awesome!
Matthew is extraordinary at the bar!
He is very friendly, super-attentive, knowledgeable and generous.
I recommend dining at the bar if you have the option.
Next, the decor is very pleasing.
Though the locations I've been to on the Islands (Kauai and Ko'Olina) are wonderful just because it is Hawaii afterall, the design of this location is more aesthetically pleasing and intimate.
I've dined here a total of three times now - twice in the bar and once in the restaurant and I find it very enjoyable.
Finally, the food is consistent with all other Roy's locations, which is very good.
Tonight I enjoyed the potstickers and had just an "okay" experience with the seasonal salad only because I didn't inquire about the dressing (didn't pair well with my wine).
Matthew was kind enough to bring me something to clear my palate afterwards so I could enjoy the remainder of my wine.
From my recollection of the other two visits, I remember the food to be quite enjoyable (I believe I had the butterfish at least once and maybe even twice).
When in Chandler, Roy's definitely ranks highly in my book.
I almost went somewhere else to expand my experience when in the area, though am glad I didn't.
I've dined at several other Roy's just for context: Kauai, Ko'Olina, San Francisco, and Carmel and this is one of the nicest.
Who knows, I may be visiting the Ko'Olina location again in just over a week...

My husband and I totally, totally loved Roy's.
Definitely not inexpensive and quite expensive for us.
We celebrated our 1st wedding anniversary here this year.
I made a reservation online, very easy.
Saw their menu online, so I knew our dinner was going to be over $100 for the two of us.
Neither of us drink alcohol, so that greatly tamed our bill.
The ambiance is romantic and tropical, but noisy and fairly dark.
The staff there from the time we entered all treated us like royalty as well as the others.
They had a note for us in our menus helping us celebrate our wedding anniversary.
We really loved the personal touch.
Our water glasses were always refilled.
The food was scrumptious.
For appetizers, I can't remember the exact names, we had some pork spare ribs (this was a lot and I expected a couple spare ribs but it almost seemed like 1/3 or 1/2 a slab of baby back ribs.
Very tender and cooked perfectly.
My husband LOVES ribs.
I ordered some type of beef spring rolls, but spring rolls for the Asian is not deep fried, rather they use rice paper.
They deep fried these "spring" rolls.
These were delicious, but the most expensive eggrolls I've ever eaten.
Still that's fine.
I think appetizers price can go from $7-$15.
Every plate that came out from the appetizers to the dessert were all beautifully decorated.
Different people other than the main server checked on us.
They made it very special for us.
For dinner, my husband ordered some stuff pork tenderloin stuff with pecans and dates with a bacon risotto.
We've never eaten not fully cooked pork before.
We were uncomfortable with eating medium rare pork and sent that dish back to the kitchen to have it cooked more.
They were fine and didn't treat us as if we were ruining the chef's creation.
My husband liked the pork well done and not pink.
This was probably in the realm of $28-30.
I had some butterfish, which is a black Alaskan cod that just melted in your mouth.
The sauce had a sweet taste to it and it was atop baby bok choy and a black rice.
Very yummy.
I think this was in the realm of $35+.
I didn't expect the portions of food to be so big.
I was thinking the portions would be more along the lines of French food, so by the time dinner was done, we were stuffed and had to take home some food.
This was more than enough food and we didn't have any room for dessert, but they surprised us with this beautiful plate of desserts with "Happy Anniversary" written on it with a trio of desserts on it - creme brulee, some chocolate thing and something else.
All very yummy.
Though we were stuff, we ate this and this really put us over the edge.
We gave a really big tip because they gave us way, way more than we expected with top notch service.
This won't be a restaurant we frequent due to price, but it is definitely worth doing on a special occasion.
This was a wonderful date.
All the food was yummy.
Excellent service and worth every penny.

Excellent, very nice ambience.
Waiter was fantastic very knowledgeable about menu and requested recommendations.
First time customer.
Had the sushi roll "sunrise at Haleakala" and Lobster potstickers for appetizer.
Probably could have eaten a dozen.
Sushi was fresh, rice "hint of"vinger.. Had sorbet samplers.
This restaurant has a full exclusive dinner menu.
$$-$$$ and wine list.
Faint at heart, I'm sure the quality that went it making my sushi will definitely carry over to the entrées.
A great restaurant.
Definitely come back try one of the entrées.

I went here based on the yelp reviews.
Well....yelp you have let me down again.
This place is expensive and bland there are so many places that are cheaper and way better that are locally owned (St. Francis).
It was loud, the service was slow, hardly any beer selection and the fish was marginal and farm raised.
Go somewhere else......save your money.

The food was average - but service and dessert were great.
Would go again but nothing to rave about!

Every once in a while, I would indulge on a classy restaurant and I'm happy to say I picked a very good one with Roy's.
No, I've never been in Hawaii, and yes, I like fish, so how can I not be tempted.
True to the word about Hawaiian hospitality, I felt welcome and accommodated by the staff throughout the entire meal.
Bonus point for our waiter too for her recommendation and also for knowing her stuff about the ingredients on our dish.
For our entrees, I had my fish and my companion had duck, Hawaiian-Asian fusion it is.
Three delectable portion of fish meat called Roy's Classic Trio (mahi mahi, salmon, and butterfish) tastefully decked with rich sauces adorned my long three hollow plate.
It goes with flavored rice, and whew, I can't even describe how heavenly it satisfies my palate.
My friend's well done duck breast, contrary to the chef's recommended medium cooked, is texturally juicy.
Prepare to spend on the mid-range price but every bite is worth it.
There were two dinner functions when we were there so the noise level was kind-a up, other than that, I think it is a cozy place for a date night.
Will ask for a booth on my next visit and will definitely come back.

My husband and I have dined at Roy's plenty of times before and have always been very pleased with the food and service.
I'm hoping tonight was just an "off" night.
The service was, as it always has been, excellent and friendly, but the food just didn't meet the expectations that we've set for this restaurant.
Their dishes are always flavorful with what seems like minimal ingredients.
Tonight everything tasted like it was depending too much on sauces and salt to carry the flavor.
I don't know if there was a different chef, or the ingredients were cheaper, or what, but it tasted more like a meal we'd get at The Keg or Keegans (and we like those places, but Roy's is much more expensive and had always been worth that extra expense).
We started with the calimari.
The waiter did tell us that they'd changed the recipe slightly since we'd been there.
It was fine, but the previous way it was served was MUCH better, and we told the waiter so.
I had the greens with strawberries and goat cheese and, I swear, I think they actually salted this!
Not that there was salt in the dressing, but actual salt on the greens.
My entree was the butterfish.
It was fine.
Not outstanding, not sublime, just fine.
I've never had a "just fine" experience here and didn't finish my meal (also a first!).
My husband had the filet and poached lobster.
He asked for the steak to be cooked medium well and it was easily rare to medium.
It all had a sauce on it that seemed heavier (and served with a heavier hand than usual), so mostly you tasted sauce and not the usual delicious simplicity of the food.
The good news is our dessert, the pineapple upside down cake, was as delicious as it's always been, so the evening wasn't a total loss!
:)    I really am curious if anyone else has noticed a difference or this really was an off night.
I'll be watching reviews to see if there's a downward trend.
I really hope not, this was always our favorite special night go-to restaurant.

My wife and I have been going to Roy's for years in all the restaurants in Hawaii and Arizona.
It is our favorite place to eat, drink and visit with friends.
We've never had a less than a perfect meal there.
The staffs are always amazing and the service is the best.
My favorite is the lightly grilled Ahi with the baby bok choy, always awesome!
There's nothing bad on the menu...excellent place to dine!
Easy five stars!

Our favorite restaurant of all time!
We've been to Roy's all over the country, and the Chandler location is the one we frequent most.
The food is ALWAYS delicious (butterfish is a MUST HAVE), and the service is always attentive and top-notch.
If you want an especially great experience, ask to sit in Tim's section.
He's a wonderful waiter!

My wife and I have been going here for special occasions for MANY years now.
The food and service here has always been wonderful.
The Aloha hour is the best deal for an early meal.

My husband & I enjoyed this place!
The dining experience was great.
The servers treated us as if we were white regardless of our skin color.
They even gave us hot towels to clean off our hands!
We gave it a 4 star because the pricing was a little too high in comparison to its ambience.

Very delicious food and nice staff overall, our waiter could have been better - but overall it was nice place to enjoy an evening of great food!

One of the best meals and best service we have had in a very long time.
Shawn was a top notch server who was attentive, knowledgeable, and engaging.
We had drinks during happy hour (excellent bartender) then in to dinner with wife and son.
Order the combination appetizer-very good.
Then we had three different meals; all three were top notch.
Desert and coffee topped off the perfect evening.
Would definitely go back!

Roy's in Chandler certainly is a five-star restaurant.
The atmosphere is very relaxed and is surprisingly elegant.
The staff treats me like a celebrity each time I visit.
Also, I am very picky when it comes to restaurant cleanliness and food quality...and this place is top notch.
I have been to restaurants all over the world and, believe me, I know good food - this really is one of the best and it is right here in my hometown!
I have tried the duck (amazing), the surf and turf (best lobster ever), pan seared Ahi Tuna (again amazing)...and the Chocolate Soufflé (you guessed it...amazing!

Love this place!
The butterfish is absolutely heavenly.
Probably the best fish I have had in town.
Great service and excellent food.
A bit pricey, but worth it.

Good food but a bit over priced.
Service was ok but definitely was not 5 stars.
We have the canoe appetizer tray.
Wasn't too impressed.
I has the blackened ahi main course which was pretty good.
Not sure if it was worth $30.
The house Chardonnay was really good and the highlight of the night.

Went there yesterday for restaurant week and it was really, really good.
I have been to Roy's in Florida and was impressed so I figured it had to be good in AZ too.
We'll it was and being gluten free is a big plus for me.
The short ribs were amazing and my husband had the crusted mahi mahi, my appetizer was so large I could not finish my entree or desert, brought leftover short ribs to my room can't wait to eat them maybe for lunch today.
Attentive staff, good ambience, great dining experience.

Food was fair.
We have been to the other Roys at JW much better.
Had steak which was fair for the price.
Mashed potatoes had no taste and looked like cheap instant potatoes.
Deseret was sent back as it was cold and not fresh.
In the end we paid like $80 for meal.
It was a waste of money.
Won't go back to this one again.

This place is really great!
A favorite for my fiancé and I to go on date nights.
The ribs are the most amazing ribs I have ever eaten!
They are fall off the bone delicious!
The Thai chicken and jasmine rice is my favorite meal.
And the mashed potatoes, the best I have ever had!
Seriously, super yummy food and beautiful atmosphere.
I'd definitely recommend this place.
Only warning: prices are a little on the high side so this restaurant is more for special occasions.

Service very good.
Ambience excellent.
Food is good but not great.
Food needs to match the price.
I change my 3 stars to 5 stars regarding happy hour though.
Happy hour is one of the best around.

Normally I trade in my credit card points for more useful things like gas cards or statement credits, but a few months ago I traded in some and got 100 bucks in cards good at either Roy's or Flemings.
Then this past Wednesday it turned out that both Mr. M and I were dressed nicely at the same time (usually I'm working from home in my "Hoptimistic a cold beer is in my future" t-shirt and some old shorts), and we decided to go to Roy's.
I have eaten at several different Roy's, but it's been a few years, and my Mr. had never been to one.
We started with the surf and turf app from the Chef's Selection menu and this was absolutely delicious.
Two grilled shrimp, cooked perfectly and slightly smoky.
Then there was a 3-4 oz.
bacon-wrapped filet on top of a light potato puree.
Oh my.
If we go back anytime soon, I want one of those all to myself.
That disappeared very quickly.
We also ordered some cocktails and I had the Buffalo Trace Manhattan and he had the Rye Me a River.
Both very nice and well worth their 12 dollar price tag, but remind me to hit their happy hour sometime so I can afford to eat and drink here more often.
Then for our entrees my husband ordered the Himalayan sea salt ribeye off of the Chef's Selection menu and I ordered the Roy's Trio, which our server offered to make into a quad with the addition of the Ahi for $3.95.
Heck yeah!
We had decided not to take our phones in, and just talk and have a nice meal so I don't have any pictures of the main meal, but suffice it to say, it was all perfect.
The way they prepare the fish here is just amazing to me.
The ahi and the butterfish are so light they melt in your mouth, and the macadamia crusted mahi and salmon are so flavorful.
We also really enjoyed sharing the ribeye which was cooked to a perfect medium rare.
Our server, Anthony, was the most gracious host and when I mentioned we were sharing our food he brought a couple of clean plates right away so we could pass bites across the table, and was very prompt with drink refills.
We don't usually order dessert, and were too full to have the chocolate soufflé or the pineapple upside down cake while we were there, but I thought it would be nice to take something home for later.
On the specials menu they had carrot cake listed and that always sounds appealing so I ordered a piece to go.
When I asked Anthony if they put whipped cream or anything on it, he said "yeah, they put all kinds of cream and mango or pineapple something on it....."  I asked him if we could just get it plain and he said, "Sure.
"  He got it all boxed up to go and put it in a bag to carry out.
When the bill came it was $140.21 before tip, as expected, so I was really glad I had the gift cards.
The only disappointment came when we got home, and I totally take the blame for this.
When I got home I decided to take a look at the carrot cake and was totally shocked I paid 9 bucks for 2- inch and a half square pieces of plain carrot cake.
See picture.
Nothing else.
No cream cheese frosting.
No nothing.
Ah I should have known.
A great deal of enjoying a meal at Roy's is the presentation.
I'm sure they take these 2 little squares and really doll them up.
9 bucks.
4 bites of cake.
Well, live and learn.
Next time I'll ask more questions or look in the box before I take it out of the restaurant.
Overall, I would definitely go back to Roy's sooner rather than later.

Let me start off with the positives the resteraunt is gorgeous.
The service is top notch.
My girlfriend ordered the spicy seafood dish and it was really good.
I ordered the lobster fillet.
The lobster was really good  Now the negative the fillet was awful just disgusting.
It was way too much pepper there was no flavor only pepper.
I highly recommend staying away from the fillet mignon.
You might regret if you ordered it.
That's why I'm giving it two stars.
I asked the waitress and she said that they haven't changed the seasoning.
So not sure if I'm coming back or not.

I've been going to Roy's for at least 5 years and was never disappointed, until recently.
They have made a lot of changes and I'm not to thrilled.
They used to have several options on a seasonal prefix menu.
Now they just have one.
They also took the beef short ribs egg rolls off the menu.
It was rich but so tasty.
The portions have gotten smaller and seems to be more expensive.
I noticed they are now offering sides?
So it has a different feel for it.
Then to top it off, a lot of new employees.
the atmosphere just isn't the same either.
It sounds like the bar has taken over the resturant because it was just so loud in the dining room area.
Luckily thr chocolate soufflé was still incredible.
But I'm afraid I'm not going to be running back.
So sad.

My wife and I had been to the North Scottsdale location many times and were worried that the Chandler location wouldn't be up to par.
The food was just as amazing and the service was better than the Scottsdale location.
And I didn't have to pay for valet parking (I wish the other location would fix that).
People of Chandler, you finally have a restaurant worth going to, so just suck it up and pay a little more or you won't get another.

Fantastic service!
Delicious food!
Special treatment on anniversary and birthdays.
What more could you want?

