Better-than-average Mexican fast-food chain.
They got an extra star for having Vanilla Coke at the soda fountain (which has free refills).
You can get the Tres Tacos deal for about $6.
Choose steak, chicken, or fish tacos.
The prices are resonable, and true to their name, the ingredients do taste very fresh.
The salsa bar is kept clean and filled and has choices to suit any spice tolerance.

I love Rubio's and this location.
I always get the kid's quesadilla, it's wrapped in the same style of how a burrito is wrapped.
They also have great rice and their mini churros are delicious.
Rubio's is also a lot more upscale for a fast food chain, and I love the decor inside, too bad they had to remove the fish tank though.
But, I love this location, the employees are really friendly.

This is probably my favorite Rubios location for really one main reason.
The 2 girls/ladies (sorry) that work here during the lunch hour.
These ladies have made it a point to remember the regulars and always be the most pleasant people around!
They always greet me by name and ask how things are and they even remember what I usually order, which is way impressive!
I grew up in San Diego going to the first Rubios ever on the SDSU campus, I remember when I was a young kid and I hated when my parents took me to Rubio's.
Now I love their Fish Tacos!

This is a nice, reasonable priced Mexican restaurant.
I usually get their big burrito and I always leave the place satisfied.
The only critic I have is their salsa.
But I like chunkier salsa so some others might like it.
Other than that, the food does taste very fresh compared to some other fast food chain Mexican restaurants.
The staff is friendly and the food comes out relatively fast.
I would definitely go to there again.

I really like rubios.
It tastes great and seems fresh.

I LOVE Rubio's.
One of my favorite places.
And this location is the best.
The food is consistently good.
They ALWAYS get your order right.
The management at this location is excellent as well.
Where else do I go where people actually remember me and call me by name?

well its located in Aliante casino and its pretty small and kindad pricey....the only issue that i have is the food quality for this mexican resturant isnt as amazing as it should be......so maybe a future trip but it wont be soon.....

YUM!
It's pretty good fast-food tacos.
The best is going on $1.50 fish taco Tuesdays.
My wife and I go almost every week.

Had the grilled shrimp taco combo, wow...
It was pretty good.
I will be back!

Very clean, good beer selection and $1.50 fish tacos on tues.
Pretty good tacos to boot.
Of course I rate my stars vs. their expectation and this place is darn good and for the money it gets 4-5 stars.
Service was good too!

The best fish tacos, period!
And I hate chain restaurants!

Good consistent food.
Would love a mobile app where I could order/pay on my phone and then pick it up.
RIght now I call to order but I still have to wait in line to pay and the food gets cold...

We had a great experience here!
It was my first time and I was overwhelmed with all the different options.
Kris behind the counter was patient with our indecisiveness and helped us choose a great meal.
I had the Salmon Chimichurri Burrito and my girlfriend tried a couple of their tacos.
Everything was delicious and filling.
The original fish taco is amazing!
Thank you Kris for making my first time memorable.
We will definitely be back!

Amazing Tacos.
Hands down the original fish taco brings a taste of Mexico right to your plate.
Who can resist Taco Tuesdays either??
Cheap tacos, high quality.
Every reciept offers you a free drink with next purchase as well, so win win right?
If you haven't checked out Rubio's, it is worth a stop.

Rubios is my go to stop on Tuesday's for their 1.50 fish tacos!
The staff is always really friendly, and food comes out fast.
The food tastes great, they have an amazing salsa bar, and they actually include the lime with your taco!
It may not seem like a big deal but when I get home and other places didn't include the lime, and I forget to ask, I just sit in the kitchen and cry....

The 'Burrito Especial' is amazing and better then all the competitors such as Chipotle and Qdoba.
You don't have to worry about grizzly steak like you do at the competitors.
The salsa bar is amazing and has great choices.
The price is competitive with the other competitors

Rubio's is on the corner.
It is inexpensive.
The food is ok.
Nothing to get excited about.

Great mexican that is fresh, fast and good.
I love the fish taco tuesday fish tacos for $1.50 (deep fried white fish, corn tortilla, white sauce, cabbage & tomatoes).
They have a very good salsa bar; however I do wish they had a hotter salsa on it.
If you are in a hurry I would call ahead your order and it will be ready when you get there.

As others have mentioned, consistently friendly staff, fresh food, short wait time.
Can't say enough good things about this Rubio's!

Delicious.
.. great atmosphere.
Always clean and staff always friendly.
Fish tacos are great.

Good food but a little pricey for casual dining on paper plates.
I'd rather go to chipotle for less $ and more food.

