The theater, like the mall, is lovely and upscale.
They have 20 screens so chances are, you could just show up and find something that appeals to you.
Another plus is the snack bar.
While we don't usually take advantage of it -- I go the M&M's and licorace in my purse route-- it does have an A+ selection if you're into that kind of thing.
The seats are large, have head rests, and recline.
They are spaced every-other-one so you don't have to look at the back of someone's head through the whole movie.
A big bonus for kids or shorties like me.
One more thing: They offer childcare.
For $7 the kid gets to safely play while you watch an R rated movie.
What a concept!

Stevey does Chandler, Part Tres.
(The DVD boxed set will be out soon, btw.
)  I typically try to avoid malls and avoid treks to Chandler, but if I MUST shop at a mall I like going to Chandler Fashion Center.
I find it to be a happy medium between the mundane average joe malls of the Valley and the luxury malls of Scottsdale.
It has an interesting layout, a respectable Nordstrom, a decent restaurant/theater area - and a mix of typical chain stores you'd find at a mall - but stores that people can actually afford to shop at.
Cheers to that.

Meh.
Its just a mall.
There is nothing special about it....its your average suburban mall.
In fact, I would go as far as to say its lacking in comparison to other suburban malls like the Palisades Center in NY, Garden State Plaza in NJ, King of Prussia in PA or South Coast Plaza in CA.
The Scottsdale Fashion Square has practically all the same stores and then some.

CFC (or Chandler Fashion Center for those of you not reading my mind) IS the Scottsdale mall, in Chandler.
Meaning that it has most of the same stores, just smaller and chalk FULL of kids.
I honestly think that little play area upstairs by the bookstore breeds children.
They keep popping out of there, like, if youre not careful, you will probably come out with two more kids than you went in with.
MUST strollers be supersized??
I cant get my oversized Coach bag around your three screaming kids in your giant stroller.
God.
Enough of my rants.
Aside from the under 12 population, CFC is a fine shopping complex.
Macy's, Nordstrom...that other one that no one goes to....  Express, White House Black Market, Abercrombie, Gap, Limited, The Buckle, BeBe, Guess, Arden B, Vickie's, Pottery Barn for your 16 rugrat kids you just strolled in with, Williams Sonoma, American Eagle, Toni and Guy, Kona Grill, a movie theater, Paradise Bakery....you get the picture.
Not as much product as some of the other valley malls but if you can get past the minors, you can park and get in and out faster than it is to wait in the valet line at Scottsdale Fashion Square.

Parking is a madhouse on weekends at this chic Chandler mall, which is the equivalent to Scottsdale Fashion Square (it has a lot of the same stores!).
And don't even think about coming here during the holiday season unless you have a helmet.
If you can deal with the crowds or have a job where you can get away during the week, then the mall isn't all that bad.
Infact, it's pretty darn nice.
It's classy for Chandler and features some cool nightspots like Kona Grill and the Red Kilt Grill & Pub.
And shopping IS fun here when you're not battling the crowds.
There's also an Aveda, Buckle, Coach,  Guess and White House Black Market.
Check out chandlermall.com for a full mall store listing.

For some reason I just really enjoyed my shopping experience at this mall.
The handful of stores I went to all had tons of men's clothing options.
At Nordstroms, The Rail was bigger than any other one I've seen.
Also, the Banana Republic had tons of sizes and lots of styles.
I actually enjoyed this place more than my experience at South Coast Plaza in Costa Mesa (overrated people...I know I know...this is just my opinion).
I also really liked the layout...I dunno, it was just kind of open and nice.
Maybe I have a biased opinion because I found so much clothing there.
But...Sommerset Collection in Troy, MI is still the mall of malls in my opinion ;)

The Chandler Fashion Center drives me absolutely crazy!
It has the generic mall stores that you can find in just about every mall nowadays (AE, Abercrombie, Express, BR, JCrew, etc).
It has an incredibly weird layout, so it feels like you are always doubling back to go to the stores you want.
Parking, especially on a Friday night, is a disaster.
The lot is always really full, but when you walk inside, there aren't the amount of people you would expect for how many cars are in the lots.
The selections in the stores I frequent are not as good as at the Scottsdale Fashion Square.
The two things I like about the Chandler Fashion Center:   1.
Barnes and Noble...I love there is a B&N at the mall.
It's not the best B&N ever, but for a break from shopping, I appreciate it.
The only negative of this B&N is that right outside of it is the little kids play area.
It's a little hard to enjoy book shopping when you can hear 20 little ones screaming their heads off.
Carvel ice cream stand at the Food Court...I think I've died and gone to heaven!!!
I spent my first 10 years living on Long Island (NY) and grew up going to Carvel.
To me, Baskin Robbins, TCBY, and Dairy Queen all pale in comparision to Carvel.
To get a sugar rush while shopping, I can savor a cup of chocolate soft-serve with rainbow sprinkles....yummy!
I guess if you live in Chandler or around it, it's a decent place to go shopping.
But since I live almost equi-distant from both Chandler Fashion Center and the Scottsdale Fashion Square, I'd pick Scottsdale anyday.

I love the entire area at Chandler Blvd.
and the 101.
You got Ross, Lowe's, Office Max, Best Buy, Target, The Vitamin Shoppe and basically any other store or restaurant that you may want to visit all at one intersection.
Then of course there is the Fashion Center.
They have the right stores: Guess, Lucky, Express, AF, Banana Republic, Men's Wearhouse,etc.
I would like to have seen an Armani Exchange here, however  that is perhaps more AX's doing as opposed to the powers that be regarding Chandler Fashion Center (I personally witnessed Armani take forever and a day to install a store in the sprawling Austin, Texas market).
In fact, there isn't an AX in Arizona at all...Go figure.
Last but not least, what I dig most about this intersection (Chandler Blvd & 101) are the various types of eateries.
You got P.F.
Chang's, California Pizza Kitchen, The Cheesecake Factory, etc...you also have an In N' Out, so the variety is there.
I am actually forgetting  a few so, definitely they have the spots to grub to say the least.
I  will deviate from the norm and NOT compare Chandler Fashion Center and it's surrounding area with the Scottsdale Fashion Square and it's surrounding area.....Different demograpics, markets etc.
Clearly, It's apples and oranges.
In my opinion it's convenient that the valley offers a short drive between two excellent commercial hubs!

I have to shamefully admit that I like this indoor shopping facility.
True, it is overcrowded on the weekends.
Also true, it is poorly designed so that it's disorienting to navigate.
True again, it is full of kids.
And even though it's just a mall, it's a great example of one.
On the surface it doesn't seem so special, but when you investigate further, you'll notice that the stores here seem to carry more "stuff" than the same stores at other malls around the valley.
They'll still carry stuff that would normally head to outlet stores for awhile, and they carry the obscure online-only items you won't find elsewhere.
Perhaps this isn't the case for every store, but if you're a mall shopper - you should check this place out to see what I'm talking about.
Compare Nordstroms and Buckle and even A&F here to the one at your local mall.
I know none of these stores are compelling enough reasons to go out of your way, but I don't like to have to go to these stores very often so when I do go I want to make the most of it.
The theater attached here is pretty nice and there are one or two fairly unique stores, but otherwise this is a very standard example of a mall - a good example, but also nothing too special.
I wouldn't suggest braving it on a weekend, but during the week should prove to be a fruitful shopping day.
3.5/5

I like this mall.
I like the Wildflower Bread Co., See's Cany, Auntie Anne's, KB Toys, the pet store, Build A Bear, Apple Store, Nordstroms, Kiddie Kandids, ect ect.
I think they have a decent food court and I like that they offer a play area for the kids.
I enjoy the outside area with the water fountain and restaurants.

I love malls!
Grew up going to malls.
Come from the place of Mega- Super- malls!
Okay...it's a mall, there's no real big whoop about it!
But if you are hanging out with friends who want an urban indoor hike...this is the place to go...the terrain is hard to navigate as they have many a paths to take...the micro habitats were fun and interesting to visits...the watering hole aka food court was enjoyable and they have my favorite hot dog on a stick...really who doesn't like meat on a stick breaded and deep fried!
Spent most of the time in Macy's but did manage to go around most of the mall.
We opted to feed ourselves silly at the Cheesecake factory...and people wonder why Americans are so fat!
I'll review this in depth at another time.
So for a shopping fix...Chandler Fashion Center satisfies.
My rec...never venture alone in a mall...always bring your friends who can give you a critical eye but won't buy the same things as you!

Mall parking is horrible when its hot out.
But they do have a Valet!
Very nice mall!

Chandler Fashion Center is a pretty good mall.. comes in after Scottsdale Fashion Square, in my opinion.
These are really the only two good malls in all of the Phoenix area.
Sad.
Oh how I miss the plentiful shopping playgrounds in LA.
Anyhow, this mall looks really intimidating from the parking lot.
I don't know why, but the parking lot scares me.
The stores in here are ordinary.. Macy's, Nordstroms, Banana Republic etc.
Nothing special but enough to get some retail therapy when needed.

This is a pretty good mall to spend some time in.
There weren't very many deals, which was disappointing, but it certainly has some great shopping.
The restaurants in the mall area are fantastic as well, so it's a great place to go for a meal, movie, and perhaps a stroll around the mall.

Good mall.
The crowd around three years back used to be all rich and yuppie teenagers with barely any clothes on but now it seems there are more families walking around.
I love visiting the food court.
Rubios, paradise bakery and villa pizza are not bad at all.
It is not uncommon to see a Lamborghini or some other exotic car parked outside the Kona restaurant just outside the food court.
Try to park around Nordstrom or Sears.
It is easy to find parking on that side.
The worst parking is near Barnes and Noble and Cheesecake Factory.
The barnes and noble at this mall is acceptable with a childrens play area right outside for the little munchkins.
Speaking of munchkins, there is a baby reading time offered at Barnes and Noble every Friday morning at 10:30am.
The mall is clean most of the time and they keep their restrooms clean too.
Families can use the family restroom to take care of multiple kids at once or breastfeed babies etc.
The mall layout is kinda confusing.
I still get lost in this thing and have to retrace my steps all the time.
Once you go there, you will know what I  mean.
The banana republic folks at this mall are not much help compared to the one at Scottsdale mall.

I like this mall.
It's in a decent location, there are lots of good stores, and the clientele here is bearable.
I've always thought of this mall as just below Scottsdale, but without all the silicone and snobbery.
We went last weekend to kill some time and were a little surprised to see that it was overrun with screaming toddlers.
I guess I should have known that when the AZ temperatures tip past 100 degrees, we have nothing better to do then hang out inside air conditioned malls or hang out inside air conditioned movie theatres, take your pick.
Anyway, the store selection is pretty good here, I just wish they would add a Crate and Barrel and a LUSH, then I would never have to visit Scottsdale again.

Chandler Fashion is probably the second best mall in the valley next to Scottsdale Fashion Square, but I don't really enjoy coming here.
It's a large mall with plenty of shops, but it's crowded most of the time it seems and the mall has a weird layout.
The mall also seems overun with little children and teenagers.
Parking can also become a nightmare at times.
I do however like the giant Arizona Highways pictures in the mall.

A nice mall with lots of shopping and food options.
One of the largest food courts I have ever seen.
Pretty much any food you could want (within reason).
Free WiFi available in the food court.
I'm from San Diego and have to come out this way occasionally so it's real nice to be in doors out of the heat!

I love the "Trend Setter" area of Nordstroms!!
Kind of the young womens department.
The labels are better than the teen department, BP.
I go looking for Michael Stars, Splendid, Calvin Klein, Free People and Michael Kors.
The staff is always friendly and professional.
They make really good fashion recommendations which I love cuz Lord knows I don't have any on my own!!
I recently had a dress that I loved shipped to my house in my size and I didn't even have to ask.
She was already putting in my address because she knew I loved the dress but that store didn't have it in my size!
They're great!

This is a really nice mall.....I went on a Saturday and it wasn't crowded and was mellow.
Walked through the whole thing and the fact that it has a Barnes and Noble is such a plus.
The food court is cool I got a lrg cheese steak combo for like $10 and it was alot of food and good.
They also have a cinnabon which I love but because the sandwich was so big I was 2 full and I didn't even eat the whole thing.
It also has a brookstone and I always look at the vibrators I mean body messagers :) ...it reminds me of when Samantha from Sex and the City tried to return her's because as she put it "it failed to get me off".
hehe Anyhoo this is a nice mall overall and I will be coming back.

We came here for a walk after dinner.
This mall is huge!
plenty of stores and food options.
The mall was a great place to get away from the heat.

Nice mall has a great selection of stores.

Once a 4-star mall, thought of by many to be more of a 5-star amenity to the area, I was really quite disappointed on my last visit to Chandler Mall.
Not only does it look like it's going downhill, but it's just a less pleasant experience altogether.
For whatever reason, they have removed almost all the directories (and no I'm not just paranoid or blind -- the guy at the security counter confirmed this).
Why in the world would they do this?
Maybe they're catering to the ages old tradition of mindlessly wandering around and spending money at every stop, but I thought that went outta style like real estate bubbles.
So for those of us on a mission to find what we need and get out, this is rather infuriating.
I may have wasted a total of only a few minutes before finding an information counter, but it felt much worse.
I now hate this mall and have no plans to return to it any time soon.
Chandler Mall is a pain, and I now refuse to deal with it.
And I'm sure I am not the only one.

Susie in the children's shoe department is awesome she knows her product and customer so well.
I will wait for her to take care of us anytime.
She makes buying kids shoes so much easier especially when my little one isn't so excited about it.
Great job.

chandler fashion center was very big!!
we grabbed a directory and planned our route.
they had a lot of your basic stores--something you'd find in your everyday, run of the mill mall.
except that these stores were on steroids!
the forever 21 i walked into was magnificent!!
it would be good to spend and entire shopping day here.

THIS is probably he last of great malls.
I live just down the street from this megaplex of greatness.
If you want an idea of what Chandler Fashion Center is, think Tempe Marketplace, Desert Ridge, all bundled up indoors with 'you name it' things to do and see there.
The mall itself is incredible, but that's just the mall.
They have all the stores you could want.
They're not full of only urban clothing and jewelry stores like Metro, Desert Sky and Christown have; but a huge variety of awesomeness.
But outside the mall is where it gets better.
You can see a movie and the awesome Harkins, catch a bite to eat at pretty much anything you could imagine (The Keg, Cheesecake Factory, Firebirds, Buffalo Wild Wings, etc).
If you have the kids, they have this cool play area just outside of Barnes & Noble where they can hang out.
By kids I mean 3-6 year olds.
Nothing for the older kids.. let them hang out in the food court where most do.
Right behind the mall, you can find Target Greatland, Costco, Sports Authority.. yeah ya see??
This place has it all.
You want a great mall experience, definitely choose Chandler Fashion Center.
The BEST mall in Arizona.

Just wanted to bring up this group of little girls who parade the mall wearing caked up makeup and revealing clothing.
They are literally about 7 years old.
Has anyone else seen them?

Probably my favorite mall in Phoenix.
More laid back than the stuck up hooker mall known as Snottsdale Fashion, better than the dirt mall at Superstition, and you're far less likely to have your car stolen and have to look at less graffiti than Fiesta.
1 star off for Hot Dog on a Stick closing!
Not that I care about the hot dogs, but they had damn good lemonade.

Went for the first time yesterday and had to return today!
Great food court and surrounding restaurants.
And it has a barnes and noble my favorite!!!
Nice Big mall pretty easy to get around as well!

Probably one of the best malls in the Phoenix area.
Fairly new (2001 maybe?
) and clean.
Good selection of shops with a large selection of restaurants surrounding the mall.
Theater is nice as well.

This mall is pretty decent.
My girlfriend and I drove from Flagstaff to visit.
We were so happy that it is an indoor mall because it was 104 degrees outside.
They have a pretty wide selection of places to eat.
They have an Orange Julius!!
Don't see those often.
Too bad there was not a hot dog on a stick.
My girlfriend and I ended up eating at BJs.. which was ok but we got a pretty good buzz from it  This mall has an illusion of being very big, but we realize we were just walking in circles and already saw everything.
But the stores were pretty good and big, just not numerous.
Malls do not have a lot of stuff for guys, at least for my personal taste.
It was a nice visit, but next time we are going to look for a bigger mall.

This mall is fantastic.
Hubby and I went here while on vacay in Phoenix.
Lots of nice stores and great eats.
We really liked Rock Taco.
It was a nicer mall too (shops and clientele)

This mall is close to my home and has a wide variety of stores.
From Sears to Nordstroms to Dillards, Sephora, Aveda, and the new Disney Store it's the place I can find almost everything I need and then some.
And it's not full of snooty Scottsdale folk like Scottsdale Fashion Square.
I would love to see a LUSH store in here too.
When the temps are above 100 you can find lots of people window shopping.
There are plenty of options for dining too as well as Harkins Theaters for movie going.
This is my mall!

This is a nice mall.
It has a good variety of stores and nice choices in the food court area.
Best of all though, it has a fun play area for the kiddies that is cleaned everyday!
(I think it's closed and cleaned at 2pm daily.
)  See ya there!

I love this mall, my favorite in the valley!
Great food in the food court, very bright and a ton of great stores!
I also love that there is so much around this mall, the whole area is full of shopping which is really nice.
It's a great place to find higher end stores without the obnoxiousness of Scottsdale Fashion Square.
I've found most of the service is friendly and the help desk is great.

As malls go this one is pretty decent.
Large and modern with lot's of popular brands/stores.
I like the movie theater here plus they have several good restaurants in/near the mall.

This is a pretty good mall.
They don't have all the super upscale stores that some of the Scottsdale shopping centers can offer like Barneys, Neiman Marcus, etc but it is still a lot nicer than many of the other malls in the Phoenix metro.
It is always clean and the parking lot is well lit and has security.
They have all the basics with a few boutiques thrown in.
I like the fact that they do have a Nordstroms but also a Sears.
The food court is pretty basic but they also have other dining options in the surrounding area like Kona Grill, Cheesecake Factory, PF Chang's, etc.
They also have a Harkin's movie theater which I actually look at as a minus since it means the parking lot is just that much more crowded.

I really liked this place, I have never thought of coming here to shop, but after all I am a Mallrat, love Malls.
I know, so 90s.
I had an appointment in Chandler, so I didn't know how long if would take me to get there, so I decided to leave early.
Well at that time of day and with no traffic, Chandler was not that far.
So I had about an hour and a half to kill so I headed to the mall, thank you GPS.
This place is huge, in an hour an a half I barely checked one section.
I want to go back to see what else is there.
Looks really clean and spacious.
Can't wait to be back.
I guess I need to have another blonde moment and make an appointment somewhere in Chandler.

A big nice mall.

My family and I stopped at this mall the day after Christmas, being on vacation it was really great to see a BIG mall instead of the dinky one in Monterey, CA or San Jose where I have to drive an hour and shop at malls that have a fraction of what the big Phoenix area has to offer.
It was super crowded but it was expected because of the season but still super big and nice.
I have to say navigation is confusing because there are numerous "wings" of the mall so its easy to get lost, well at least for me.
I really like the Chandler area, at least the nice parts.
I will come to this mall again when I come back and visit the fam.

This is a great mall!
I've been going here since we moved to Arizona in '04.
All in all they keep a great variety of stores around and a nice, clean food court plus an outside water fountain.
If you get there at the right time at night you'll be able to catch a really cool light, water show at the water fountain.

I like Chandler Fashion Center.
From a shopping perspective, it's got a lot of good stores.
It's not to the snobby extreme that Scottsdale Fashion Square is (there aren't 50 different places to valet your car), but it has a nice set of stores and some good restaurant options.
I enjoy coming here more than Scottsdale because it's easier to park, generally less busy, and it's more spread out so it doesn't always feel so crowded.
It's a very different clientele (read: old people), so it moves a bit slower, and there are fewer stores that bump techno music.
Other than that, it's a mall.
It's clean and well lit (noted by a couple of other reviewers), and features a nice mix of good shopping and dining.
It's a really convenient location overall because you're also close to a Target and a Costco, so if you end up here you could really eat and shop all day...Funny enough, those are two of my favorite things to do, much to the chagrin of my wallet and my waistline.
If you're anywhere close, it should be your mall of choice.
Even if it's a bit of a trek, it's worth the trip and will definitely keep you entertained yet not overwhelmed for a number of hours.

I like Chandler Mall, they seem to have a little bit of everything from the very high end stuff like Nordstrom's to everyday wear like Forever21.
I like how bright and spacious it is.
There's free Wi-Fi, tons of places to park and even a little train you can ride your kids around the mall in.
The only thing really lacking here is the food court, it's very limited on eateries.
However, maybe that's because this mall is literally surrounded by restaurants so I guess it's an even trade.
The demographic is very diverse from the very young crowd to the ancient blue hairs- all colors, shapes and sizes too.
This is definitely my favorite mall in Arizona.

I was impressed!
No Bloomingdales, but you can bet you will find anything you need here.

I'm a regular at this mall.
It has a good balance of clientele that is neither overly-trendy nor extremely ghetto.. just right in the middle.
They have all the major department stores that I frequent and the smaller stores I am a fan of (ie.
Sephora, Aveda, NY&Co)...  After all these years of shopping here, I have finally found the best spot to park so that I have no (very little) car or pedestrian traffic to deal with - it makes going to the mall super easy for me.
My only complaint is that THEY CLOSE AT 6PM on Sundays.
I have been there on Sundays near 6pm and it is not empty at all, in fact there are a lot of ppl still shopping and ultimately complaining as they're being shoved out of the smaller stores so they can exit the mall....
I think they should re-evaluate their hours and move that 6 to 8pm.
I appreciate the fact that at Nordstroms, last time at 6pm, their staff never even insinuated we should wrap it up or leave (they close at 6pm, too)... good for them, we both bought shoes there and it was already 6:30pm when we checked out.

The parking is very spacious at this mall, which is a big plus.
I usually park by Nordstrom and cut through to the main hall of the mall.
Unlike most huge department stores connected to malls, there is no annoying labyrinth to struggle through and getting through is easy.
I've been here a couple times for the Apple Store.
The Apple Store is a somewhat hidden location.
There are several large Apple Stores in the area that tend to be very crowded.
However, this one is a bit smaller and hasn't ever been crowded when I have visited.
The service is great, too.
Otherwise, I have not explored many of the stores at this mall.

This is a really nice mall with a great array of shops, restaurants and a huge Harkins Theater.
I like to go in the off hours or days to avoid the crowds.
Tuesday nights are perfect!

GIGANTIC with TONS of stores!
I was very overwhelmed at this two story MASSIVE complex of a mall!!
I had such a hard time keep track of what direction I was headed, which floor I had explored already and what stores I was aiming for.
Crazy BIG but everything you can imagine is here!
It also has a large food court option with plenty of sit down restaurant options too!
There's also a Harkins's theater, yogurtland, and much much more there, oh my gosh, I can't name all the stores!
The list is too exhausting!
But it's wonderful!
Large parking lot to accommodate all the customers (which there are A LOT!
) Fun place to come if you have the time to explore!

Alot of $$$ stores that you can dream about!
Plus a few down to earth;)

Not the biggest mall out there, but nicely designed, nice size, and most of the stores I want or need.
Shopping and the occasional mall rat session are more often than not a pleasure here.

This mall is pretty damn awesome!!!!
Dillards in there has the best shit ever!
def my new fave spot to shop.
i bought a few things there.
cheap prices for brand names.
Went to windsor and bought a $50 dress... my area in cali doesnt even carry nice dresses like this windsor O_O hitting up this mall when i come back :D

This is my favorite mall to shop at.
Normally I love fashion square in scottsdale but it's so extreme now.
Chandler is just the perfect size to make you feel like your not running miles and they have the best stores.
Still norstroms and Arden B and limited and Victoria secret coach etc etc.
also pretty clean for the most part.
More family oriented!
Happy Shopping!

Great clean mall

Confortable place to shop!

This is my go-to mall when I'm in the mood for a shopping trip.
They have a good selection of women's and men's clothing (With a new addition of H & M which will only enhance the shopping experience here), a decent food court (Paradise Bakery and Orange Julius are my favorites here), and ample parking.
Another plus is that it's in close proximity to other stores I would also frequent, like Best Buy and DSW.

Chandler Fashion is a good solid mall.
It's cheaper than Scottsdale Fashion or Biltmore, nicer than Fiesta, Superstition or Metro Center, and convenient from the 101.
This is the only Apple Store in the area!
That's important.
It has all the other essentials like Dillards, Sears, and plenty of smaller shops and gift stores.
I really like the Harkins here, too.
The food court opens up to a nice outdoor area with a fountain and stand alone restaurants surrounding it.
It's lovely when the weather is nice.
Directly to the south and north of the mall are many other stores and restaurants, so the whole neighborhood has a little bit of everything.
I find myself here frequently!

If you can believe this ,I have only started to come here in the last few years.
I had never been before until about 3 years ago when I was having my car fixed and they dropped off here for something to do.
It is a really large mall.
We came here this weekend to have a look around and see the decorations.
The thing is the decorations were pretty slim.
Nordstrom was more decked out than the mall itself.
Yes, they had Santa and his little Village.
But, even that was not over the top.A little disappointing I would say.
Of course Traffic was insane!
I am being totally up front about that!
We had to park at a nearby restaurant and walk over.
The Mall has a lot of really good corner stores.
Nordstrom, Sears,Dillards, Macy's.
As well as lots of everything else.
The food court is all down one end which is good.
Because, it keeps all the smells out of the clothing stores.

Macy's, Nordstrom's, The Apple Store, and Sephora!
I love this mall.
Clean, pretty, gigantic, and all my favorite stores.
Let me tell you, I HATE mall shopping...
But this one is my favorite if I have to go.
There is a movie theater, valet parking (I thought this was such a crazy thing at a mall, lol), and restaurants galore.
I love the fountains and outdoor seating.

Clean, well lit, and safe.
Different set of stores than Biltmore, Fashion Square, and Kierland Commons.

One of the better Valley malls.

This is my favorite mall in Arizona.
Best stores, best prices, best selection.

Time for some shopping!
Love coming to this mall.
Great place for my shopping needs as well as great stores.
Many adjustments have been made and are making the mall better.

This mall has two stories full of different stores, many of which are clothing stores.
There are a few cell phone stores and kiosks for cellular needs.
There is a large Food Court with many types of dining options, from Subway, to Panda Express, to Paradise Bakery, to McDonald's, just to name a few.
At many of the stores you will find great deals and not just at Christmas time either, but all year round.
This mall is a nice mall and a much cheaper alternative than the upscale Scottsdale Fashion Square.
The location is commuter-friendly, just off the 101 and Chandler Boulevard.
There are many dining places outside the mall as well and there is also a Harkins Theater on-site for your movie entertainment experience.
There is a playground for the small kids located on the upper level outside of Barnes & Noble Bookseller.
There is free wi-fi for your shopping experience too that you can utilize with a smartphone, iPad, or laptop while shopping or taking a break to dine in the Food Court.
I recommend this mall because of location, the wide variety of stores and dining options, and because it really is a nice place to shop.

Awesome Mall all kinds of stores we dont have on the West side!

Chandler Fashion Center is a good mall.
Not great, not bad it's simply good.
The parking is usually good even on a weekend, I recommend lower level Sears or Nordstrom parking for the least crowded.
I have been visiting this mall for several years now and not much has changed which I think is a good thing.
The layout is open and fairly easy to navigate much more so than Scottsdale Fashion Square.
Many stores to choose from that are moderately priced.
I have had good shopping experiences here pretty much every time I have been.
I will be back, many times.

Chandler MILF central, Scottsdale-lite mall.
I like it.
Always clean with scenery.

By far my favorite mall.
It's clean and not run down like Arizona Mills.
It has an Apple store and Best Buy outside.
And adds a plus star for that :-)  There's valet parking for the super lazy but it's nice to have just in case.
It closes early on Sunday.

This is my second favorite mall!
First is San Tan Village.
Chandler Fashion Mall is very clean and attracts a different crowed from Arizona Mills.
They also have a decent food court.
They get s plus for having Best Buy right next store.

Chandler Fashion Center represents the last of the dyeing breed of giant indoor shopping malls.
At just a little more than a decade old, It certainly is the most spacious and modern.
It's also very well maintained and occupied.
All the stores you need are either inside, share a parking lot, or are right across the street.
It's pretty hard not to find what you are looking for in or around Chandler Fashion Center.
The location was perfectly chosen.
The mall stands right at the crossing of the Loop 101 and the San Tan Loop 202, with plenty of entrances/exits to the major streets.
It's very easy to get in and out, even during heavy traffic periods.
The parking is also very accommodating although it can be tough to park on the south side (where the movie theaters, food court, and many of the restaurants are located) when the mall is busy.
It also would be nice if there were a parking structure or two so shoppers don't have to walk across a blazing hot parking lot during the summer.

This is my favorite mall in the greater Phoenix region by far and the reason being is that beside being very new and very nice, it has almost everything here!
That's the way a mall should be.
The layout is fantastic, instead of having one really long corridor, it makes a "Y" kind of shape with everything leading to food court, which leads outside into a seamless connection with the restaurant area which leads right into the Harkins movie theater.
The design and thought that went into the simplicity of how everything connects is perfect.
I also love the architecture here, they have extra high beams and slanted roofs that are very appealing to the eye.
On top of all that the selection of stores I believe is above average and the food court has a great variety and a large, very spacious seating area.
This is THE mall to go to, even if you're not in the area it's worth it to make the extra drive here.
Very convienent too right off both the 101 and 202 freeways.

I love this place!
Apple, Black & White, Victorias Secret, NY & Co, The Limited and  Coach under one roof.
Great customer service by far :)

As others have said, a big draw to this mall is the fact that it is indoor and air-conditioned.
They host a National  Geographic Kids Club every Wednesday morning from 10-11, which even though my daughter is a bit young to really appreciate, is a really great activity to go out to, to learn, socialize, have fun, and get out of the house!
That being said, if you don't like kids, stay away from the Gap wing of the mall on Wednesday mornings.

This place is one of the more high end malls in Arizona, second to Scottsdale Fashion  mall about 50 min away.
Chandler has a full range of department stores from Sears level to Nordstrom and Dillards so its great for just about everyone.
Recent stores that just opened up include H&M and there are quite a bit of specialty stores as well.
The only issue I have with this place is that the athletic shoe store quality here is not the best so you will need to find them elsewhere.
The best store here for athletic shoes is Footlocker, and they are constantly out of shoes to try out for common sizes (mens 10-11).
Aside from that, you should be fairly satisfied with the range of stores in this mall.

Chandler Fashion is a nice upscale Mall and one of the best in the greater Phoenix area,  We've been coming here for over five years, longer if you count before we moved to the Valley.
It's your typical double decker setup, with the usual anchors like Macy's, Sears, Dillard's, Nordstrom and Barnes & Nobles built in a semicircle.
In many ways, we like Chandler Fashion over the one in Scottsdale with the same name.
Scottsdale Fashion has been built-out, piece meal and can be crazy busy at times.
The developer of both is Westcor, a sub of giant real estate holding company Macerich.
Here the movie theater setup makes more sense.
It's outside and has a group of restaurants attached to it.
So you can stop and eat, before or after your movie.
Also, because it's located it's easier getting in and out without the necessity of walking through the Mall.
Nice!
Enjoy the shopping.

Great place to shop!
Close enough for me to make a nice trip to an upscale mall!
Lots of stores and restaurants to choose from and it works!

Love this place.
Easy in and easy out.
I like there are high end stores and typical mall type stores.
Food court is ok with the typical mall fare.
Love Dillards and how the mall has lots of seating around for a little mid shopping break.
Mall is easy to get to and great when its super hot out and you just want to browse.

This is my favorite mall ever!
This has all of my favorite stores and the prices are reasonable!
It's clean and the food court has a good selection.
The surrounding restaurants are all yummy too!
Harkins theater is walking distance so you can do some shopping, dinning, and catch a flick!
I highly reccommend this place!

This mall is always clean & plenty of stores to choose from.

Good selection of shops and places to eat, both fast food and sit-down.
Additional shops and restaurants surrounding the mall.
The play area is a bit small so it can get crowded, but my kids have always enjoyed going.
Overall, no complaints!

This mall is decent.
The type of people that come here make this mall more appealing then some other malls( cough AZ Mills & Fiesta Mall).
It isn't a ghetto mall except for the dumbest store I've ever seen called SWAGG.
Sorry Tom Haverford this idea is stupid.
There are stores that have been here since the beginning and there are spots of the mall that constantly have a new store in them.
Give up people.
Some spots will never have success.
All the main stores people want are here.
There aren't as many luxury brand stores like Scottsdale mall has but not bad.
There are pretty good food options here but not as good as San Tan.
There is free wifi here so that is a bonus.

This Is my favorite mall and go to place for shopping!
Love how spacious the walkways are, and the restaurants inside and out.
No matter what I'm looking for, I know I'll find It here.
I miss the days when I lived right down the road from here..
It's rainy out today so I think I might abercrombie it up, + puppy daydream, with a lil Yogurtland thrown  somewhere in the mix !

It's fine, it's a mall.
No mom and pop stores here.
I usually go for an item, get it and leave.
The sameness of  malls are off putting to me.
I do like that it is a cool (literally) place to go in the summer and DON'T like that the movie theater is not attached.
Lots of chain places to dine.
Meh.

The only mall we really go to.
It is very nice, not necessarily what I would call "upscale.
" I mean, it is far from Mill....  Great selection of stores, and the center kiosk employees do not pester you, however the asian massage place will beg you to come into their dark creepy doors.
Please just stay behind your counter, your 20 seconds (trial) slap down will not convince me.
Other than that, it is a mall!
It is surrounded by great/no so great  restaurants of all different varieties.
I avoid this movie theater due to all the kids and young folk.
There are nicer Harkins within minutes of this one.

I am specifically reviewing the mall in this shopping center in case I am confusing the locals who might be reading this review.
The mall here was fairly large with an array of stores.
The area was clean, appealing, and nicely decorated when I was there during the holidays.
I fairly enjoyed it since it had nice brands.
What I didn't enjoy was the high tax rate.
I remember distinctively walking around the mall trying to find a directory.
For a place of this magnitude, directories were few and far in between.
Even if you don't like shopping malls and would not step foot in one during the crazy holiday season, this area has other stores too that would work as well.

This mall has a good mix of main stream middle priced stores and higher priced brand name stores.
It has two floors that run throughout the mall and a fair amount of kiosks as well.
If you get hungry the food court has about 15 different choices (Chipotle, Subway, Sabaro, Panda Express etc.).
In the hot summers, this is a great indoor mall to choose to spend your time in and enjoy the A/C as well!
Overall: A Decent mix of shops, good variety in food court, indoors if you are trying to avoid the elements!

This particular mall is quite clean and provides the variety of stores you'd like to fine if you are a mall shopper.
I especially think the assortment of restaurants all gathered in one part is great for a night on the town of shopping, eating, and catching a movie.
We didn't encounter any of the vendors who accost you as you walk by, which always wins points in my book - I often avoid malls simply so I do not have to deal with sales people.
We also found the pace of the mall to be rather relaxed and not overrun with teenagers, even on our Saturday afternoon/evening visit.
I'd recommend this one!

This is my 2nd favorite mall to go to in Metro Phoenix area after Scottsdale Fashion Square.
It's a bit far for me to travel to since  live all the way in North Scottsdale.
All the shops here have their goods and bads and the design of this mall is very interesting.
Overall mall / window shopping experiences were all good.

Lots of great stores

Chandler Fashion Square was our go to center since we moved to AZ in 2003, until San Tan shopping district was built in Gilbert near our home.
Whenever we're in Chandler however we always enjoy checking out the new stuff at the CFS.
Now, if they'd only put the children's play area somewhere else than the entry of the B&N bookstore it'd rate another star.
Who thought of that anyway?
B&N management take notice next time you negotiate a shopping center lease.
It's like putting a childcare center in a library.
Hard to concentrate with all that yelling going on.

Cool place to hang out with the family and at lunch.
My fiance and daughter love this place.
Not as crowded as most malls.

Nice clean mall with a ton or variety stores from high end to lower end.
Decent food court and outside there is more restaurants.
A good place to just walk around and shop

Busy place during spring break, lots of teenagers roaming the mall.
Selection of stores is super.
Parking is plentiful and valet service is offered for $6 plus tip.
Food selections are good also.
We didm;t eat this trip but we will certainly plan an eating visit soon.

Wasn't that busy.
Sucks that there is only one elevator which you have to go back to every time if you have a stroller.

Chandler Fashion Center is my go to mall when needing to do some serious shopping.
The mall has a nice assortment of stores at varying levels and tastes.
Lately, there has been some revitalization being done to the mall and there have been a lot of stores closing, moving and opening.
There is a nice assortment of restaurants and the food court has pretty much everything anyone would want.
Typical anchor stores are present and in many ways, I prefer the Chandler Macy's to the Scottsdale Macy's so that's a plus.
This mall draws in the teen population but I always feel safe there.

Best mall in the valley.
Great selection of stores and different prices.
Its so extremely clean and makes me feel proud to live right here.
Great activities, they have kids club on certain days.
Good food btw!

This review is based on the store shoe palace this is a terrible place to shop the manager Kenny Is rude and makes you buy product or he will not serve you ever again I went in once to buy thunder 14 Jordan's he took me in to the back room and told me I had to buy 100 $ worth of items to get a hold of these shoes he began to verbally assalt me saying I can never come back considering on taking legal action from the threats I revived from Kenny the manager of shoe palace he should be fired just sickening

