They call their chocolate the "Food of the Gods.
" Personally, I'd rather have cheesecake.
But, if it's chocolate you crave, Godiva offers cocoa at the absolute top of it's game.
This is one of only three Godiva outlets in the Phoenix area.
The store is lovely to look at and smells...ahhh... heavenly!
The downsides: 1) price -- at $1-$2 per chocolate bite.
2) A tremendous calorie-to-food ounce ratio.
Upside: FREE SAMPLES.
'Nuff said.

Top-notch service.
The lady working there showed me all the current sales selections and gave me a chocolate frappacino-like drink to sample as soon as I came in.
She asked what I was looking for, and showed me new items like the Ice Cream flavored chocolates as well.
I just got a small, but nice 10 piece box of truffles for a friend and was treated like VIP!
She even said "Thank you for your business!
" As I left... who ever remembers to say that kind of stuff anymore?

Nom.
I came, I saw, I bought, I liked.
They gave me a free sample, ensuring that I'll be back... but then I couldn't figure-out how to register my card online.
It looked simple but the links just don't work.
haha    So then I opened the box of Rocky Road Truffles that I bought and they took my online worries away... but then I looked at the nutrition...   Now, I don't ever expect my treats to be even close to healthy but MORE THAN 100% OF MY DAILY SATURATED FAT IN ONE TRUFFLE IS GOING TOOOO FAR!
Guess I won't be back.
That is truly ridiculous.
This is not the store's fault though... so I will still give them 3 stars for great customer service, a clean, organized store and tasty chocolates.
Too bad they just offer a product that is way beyond gluttony.
What am I gonna do... eat 1/4 truffle a day?
lol  Probably won't see ya there!

Incredible customer service!!
Allison and Stephanie there are amazing!
I work for a charity and they did the best they could to help me fulfill my order while staying within my budget.
They even offered to ship things for me to save me money!
I will definitely be back and it's only because of people like them!
Well done!

Chocolate who does not love it?
I know there are a few folks that do not.
I myself only like the Dark Chocolate.
My girlfriend likes it all, except truffles are the last on her list.
I will eat Truffles but, only dark chocolate.
She loves Godiva and I have to say that I do have a new favorite here and that is the dark Chocolate Pretzels.
The service is very nice here.
They always give you a sample and if you have their card,They have a lot of surprises for you on each visit.
Since it is now after Easter there are even a few good deals on marked down Chocolate.
Even a good deal on coffee, 3 for $37.00.
We do like their coffee.
Lots of parking, it is at the mall.

Terrible service!
No greeting, no free sample, no explanation about their store card, no thank you for stopping in.
The kid behind the counter even gave my friend a sample when she said it was her birthday, but said no to me for a sample.
I thought that was very rude, and tacky.
We will never shop here again.

Terrible service!
I asked abt a sample, and the very young girl working there said no, as she gave my friend a free sample for her birthday.
I had to ask abt the Godiva store card, since she didn't mention it to me.
No hello, and no thank you either.
We'll never go back.
I'll buy my Godiva at Dillards, better prices anyway.

