What sets one sports bar apart from the rest?
It could be the brew on tap.
Perhaps it's the size of the TV's.
Possibly it's the sports memorabilia on the walls.
What sets Boston's apart from the rest of the sports bars I've been to is, well, the comfortable feeling I get when I'm there.
I'm allowed to drink my mammoth Oktoberfest Sam Adams and stare at the huge TV broadcasting the first game of the World Series - and I can do both without worrying about getting interrupted by rowdy patrons.
The only noise I heard was clapping and cheering for the Red Sox.
I'm down with that.
My Boston experience was a first for me.
I met a fellow Yelper out to catch the first part of Game One of the World Series.
I was only nervous about the game - would the bar play it with sound?
Yes!
All my worrying was for naught, for they had the game on nearly all their TVs, minus a few that broad casted some NBA and NFL games.
Didn't matter to me, as long as the World Series game was on with sound.
I was asked what I wanted to drink.
I wanted Sam Adams.
Had to have Sam Adams.
Perfect, they had Oktoberfest.
I ordered a tall.
Never mind the pint.
I knew I was going to be there a while.
What I didn't know what that "tall" meant "tall and fat.
" This beer was HUGE.
We're talking mammoth huge!
"Holy $h|t!
" I said when he plopped the delicious beer on my table.
No way I was going to be able to drink that without food and drive home after the game.
So, about 1/2 way into the mammoth beer, I ordered the Chicken Da Vinci pizza.
Yum!
When I finished off my huge beer, I ordered a pint of the same thing.
Oh, why not?
I felt comfortable at Boston's, so even when my new friend left, I was content to stay put for a while longer... especially to see the Red Sox spank the Rockies.
Our server was friendly and attentive.
He made sure our drinks were filled and our bellies were full.
Plus, he wasn't in any rush to shoo me away from the game.
He even made sure I had plenty of water to balance my consumption of beer.
Ain't that sweet?
When I staggered to the bathroom after my mammoth beer, I was amused to find the handles to the "Hers" to be a baseball bat.
Simply perfect, yep.
I like Boston's.
I'd definitely catch another WS game there.
Come to think of it, I'd catch several other sports games there, too.
Especially knowing I can drink 1/15th of my weight in a single glass!

I met a fellow Yelper here to watch the World Series and it was definitely a good place to catch a game.
I was kinda thrown by the name- Boston's Gourmet Pizza, being as pizza in Boston is pretty awful and definitely not gourmet but its really just your standard bar/American chain fare.
They have a great happy hour- $3 well drinks, $4 beers, $5 apps.
I ordered chicken fingers since they were billed as being "lightly breaded"...but there was seriously a 2 inch thick casing of fried breading around the chicken.
I just wasn't expecting that.
I found it odd that they didn't have ketchup on the tables and didn't offer it as a dipping sauce.
Here is a small rant- Why don't they like ketchup in Arizona?
Most places you have to ask and then they give you Hunt's.
For real?
Everyone knows that Heinz is far superior.
And what is with the fascination with Ranch?
Anyways, back to the review.
The atmosphere was very relaxed and it was fun to watch ASU fraternity pledges come in and sit at the bar ordering cokes.
(I always thought you couldn't wear pledge pins in a bar area?
) As time went on it seemed that more and more ASU freshman were making their way in....just as I was making my exit.
Oh, and the baseball bats as door handles are pretty cool.

$4 32 oz beers-check!
$5 appetizers-check!
If those two things appeal to you, check out Boston's in Tempe during happy hour or anytime on a Sunday.
There are quite a few TV's so watching the sporting event du jour is not a problem.
On Sundays, they play most, if not all, of the NFL games on so finding your favorite team won't be a problem.
And if they don't have the game you want on, they are extemely accomodating about changing a TV for you.
I've been to Boston's on Sundays to watch the NFL a couple of times now, and after almost 6 hours, you can't complain when your bill is less than $30.
The staff is very friendly and the clientele, especially on a Sunday, is quite lively and entertaining.
My husband and I had the chicken quesadillas as we watched one of the NFL games...wow, they were awesome.
Probably some of the best we have had at a sports bar.
The potato skins were numerous, but not overly impressive.
We haven't sampled the pizza yet...we'll save that for another trip.

When it comes to pizza, I'm all about the sauce.
Boston's has GREAT sauce.
The decor, it's kinda generic.

For me it's all about the food.
I've only been here once for lunch.
I ate on the patio which was all right, but predictably noisy.
The service was excellent; my pizza was not.
I ordered a small Hawaiian style pizza.
The dough was of the pan-fried variety, which gave it a great texture, but the dough was utterly flavorless.
That might have been forgivable if the other things about the pizza were good, but they weren't.
The pineapple was also nearly flavorless.
The crust got soggy pretty quickly and I stopped eating when that happened.
Other pizza crusts might taste better, but this was my experience.
I can't say I'm planing on returning.
If I do go again I will not order the pizza, which is sad considering that the pizza is supposed to be the restaurant's specialty.
Edit 5/30/08: I've been back two or three more times with my team at work, and it's been awful every time.
The non-pizza food is okay, but the service has been consistently under par and nothing I've had to eat there made me feel like coming back again.
Almost everything I've tried tasted like it was made from low-quality (read: cheap) ingredients.
I'm changing from 2 stars to 1.

Ok - first off, I have to admit that this place had good - nay - delicious food.
From pizza to pasta, Boston's did it well.
That's where the good times end.
A few years ago, this place had everything going for it... great food, nice atmosphere, cool staff and they provided a place for me and my friends to play poker tournaments.
Then, for some reason the cuntbag that ran the place decided to screw over the company that was hosting the tournament and do poker on their own.
The dipshits didn't realize that the 60 - 100 of us that showed up weekly only came because of the company that ran the poker tournaments.
And the backlash caused most of us to stop coming there altogether (as many of us went there regularly even on a non poker night).
It had been awhile then since I had been here since I was boycotting it.
But, some friends and I were starving and everywhere else was packed, so we thought it might still be good.
And it kinda was... the food was still tasty.
First thing I noticed when I walked in was that they changed the interior - getting rid of some sports memorabilia and some walls.
It looked more generic.
The place was also kinda deserted for a Friday or Saturday night (can't remember which).
It seemed like there were as many servers as patrons.
You would think with those odds, we would get amazing service - nope.
Our waiter was dirt.
He was sweatty and impatient, but he brought us our drinks, took our order and let someone else bring out our food while he spent 40 minutes or so chit chatting about World of Warcraft with his dipshit friend 15 feet away from our table.
Meanwhile, we were thirsty as fuck and standing next to our booth staring at him - he occasionally would look over at us, but continue to dismiss us.
Nobody else ever came by either.
I ended up having to go up and ask for more drinks and was met with scournful and confused looks as though I had done something wrong.
WELL FUCK ME, ASSHOLES - I'M SORRY FOR BEING THIRSTY!
DIE!!!
The guy eventually concluded is conversation about leveling up and he came over to hand us our check.
Our table was never pre-bussed either (meaning we had to stare at our dirty plates the entire time we were there waiting for drinks and the check).
Anyway, I hate this place now - but their food is good (though perhaps a bit generic)... honestly, you can do better food-wise (which is good since this place is ass).
Go fuck yourself, Boston's.

We stopped by for a quick bite.
It was too late for lunch and dinner was at a friend's house, so an appetizer for us.
We chose to eat in the bar so we could watch the end of the Suns game (they lost in double overtime).
Our nachos were good and more importantly not soggy.
The bonus was when we got the bill, we discovered that we had hit during happy hour and our nachos were discounted.

I totally stole this description from their webpage because it was so well written.
I have been here a couple times on the recommendation of a friend.
The first was just appitizers, the second I discovered a great pizza!
THE MAMA MEATA Smoked ham, pepperoni, ground beef and spicy Italian sausage with Bolognese sauce and mozzarella cheese.
Yum.
Pretty cheap too!
Check it out!

Great place for happy hour 5-7pm daily.
Ordered a friggin huge man cup of beer (domestic - 32 ounces) for 4 bucks!
All the appetizers were $5 bucks including the stuffed mushroom.
The flavor on the mushroom which is a bit strong but presentation and flavor was awesome for 5 dolla meal.
4 stars for feelin buzzed and full under $10 bucks.
Def.
worth it.

it was a great sports atmosphere.
The pizza is ok.The service was good and the potatoe skins were awesome.
good happy hour prices.

I never really liked the pizza here but I can't say it is not good.
I'm just a deep dish pizza guy, so i'm super biased about thier non deep dish pizzas.
The pasta dishes here are amazing and super even.
The most greatest of great, the best of the best here is.... their chicken wings!
Yes, my friends Boston's chicken wings are very good!
If you are on a non fried food diet then their non breaded wings are oven baked.
The best one is the cajun flavor.
Just thinking about it makes me wanna drive all the way to Tempe to get some (roughly 1hour round trip.
)   From my most recent experience there I had gotten togo and the hostess who had taken my order was very accommodating and nice considering there were countless  computer problems and disturbances.
It sure didn't hurt that she was possibly the hottest hostess I have ever seen there.
but every other time I was there as well I have never gotten bad service.
So, to recap.
Good food, good service, great chicken wings and hot hostess!

How to ruin a perfectly fine spaghetti & meatballs platter:  cover it with cheddar cheese.
That's right, they made food WORSE by adding cheese!
That is no small accomplishment.
Pasta: fine.
Meatballs: fine.
Tomato sauce with beef: fine.
Parsley and whatever other garnishes were on there: fine.
Cheddar: what the hell are you thinking?????
Use mozzarella if you need to cover it with cheese.
You know, the one that actually goes well with tomato sauce.
I have no problem with creativity or with changing traditional recipes when it actually improves the quality of the dish.
Pasta with tomato sauce and cheddar is a culinary fail.
They still get three stars, because everything else about the food was all right, and the people were friendly.

good atmosphere whether you like sports or family dining.
the bar area is somewhat separated from the restaurant.
the pizza is a good flavor with quality sauce and toppings, but the pizza is much smaller then it should be.
ordered a large with toppings for $23.
this was a smaller medium size at best.
very thin crust.
chicken parm.
was very good.
appetizers are fine.
i compare them to applebees.
happy hour is very good with cheap drink prices and reduced price appetizers.
good place to catch a game.
lots of big tvs.

I have been to  Boston's twice - once on a weekday afternoon, and a Friday during happy hour - and both times have I been grievously disappointed.
I am not especially picky about my eateries; so long as they serve good food, the place can look as dumpy as is permissable for satisfactory health inspection.
I am readily forgiving of flummoxed trainees, the occasional forgotten condiment, and the typical slowness of service during peak hours.
I respect people in positions to cater to my incessant hunger and possible alcoholism, and I show this by accepting them for their occasional shortcomings.
That being said: Boston's is not forgiven.
The first time I came here upon the recommendation of a trusted friend, we experienced downright sluggish service.
It was a Tuesday afternoon with nary a soul in the house save our two-person party, and our rough-looking server couldn't be bothered to take our order in a timely fashion.
She argued with my friend and overcharged him for his beer, then refused to pay us any mind after our food had been delivered.
Another, seemingly more pleasant server noticed we'd been biding our time drinkless, and fetched us our refills.
We overheard a catty exchange between the two women as Server of the Year swept past, which told us right away that this lack of hospitality was not atypical of this potential ex-con that had taken our order.
Flash forward to last Friday: despite having been underwhelmed by my maiden voyage to Boston's, I ventured in again - this time in a party of three - only to wait awkwardly in the entryway for an upward of five minutes until someone emerged to seat us.
This 'someone' was exactly that - a seemingly random, untagged man who could just as easily have been the general manager as some drunk at the bar.
We were not given a choice of where to sit - a huge faux pas for any joint serious about its service.
Instead, we were escorted into the bar/lounge area and instructed to sit at the awkward high table just around the corner from the bar.
When asked if we could be relocated to a booth, we were refused the opportunity.
At a spritely 5'2", I don't fare well in chairs that sit over half my height off the ground, and the space behind me was an uncomfortable flurry of movement to-and-from the kitchen.
Even at our easily accessible, high-traffic location, we were not offered so much as a glass of water.
We waited twenty minutes to be acknowledged in a near-empty bar well into the range of happy hour before abandoning our table and walking out.
As an added insult, the entire exit was blocked by the man who'd seated us and a few identifiable employees.
We brushed passed, effectively interrupting their conversation, and the guy - more than likely the actual manager as opposed to an inebriated managerial impersonator - said nonchalantly, "Oh hey guys, everything all right?
"  "Yeah," I muttered as I followed my stoic companions outside.
Apparently he had wax in his ears, because he poked his little head out after us and asked again, a bit sternly, "Guys?
Everything all right?
"  I snapped, "Yes!
" - the tone of which translated to: "No jackass, everything isn't all right!
" But it wasn't worth arguing: we were parched, hungry, and too irate to be rational.
I've heard great things about Boston's, but have yet to experience one.
I can chalk up a few mistakes to human error and the nature of the restaurant industry, but the inattentiveness and general lack of hospitality demonstrated by the largely uncaring staff is too blatantly disrepectful to warrant a third shot.

I have visited Boston's twice, and both times I've been disappointed.
The wait staff is ok but not particularly attentive.
They seemed to want to refill my water ten times while I'm waiting for my food, but they are nowhere to be found when I'm missing a fork.
The food is not great.
The salmon on the salmon caesar was overcooked and dry, and there was far too much dressing on the salad itself.
The pizza is nothing to get excited about; you can get a better pie at a dozen other places in the area.
This is a great place to take co-workers you don't like, when you don't want them to know where you normally have lunch.

The food is not terrible, just your typical low-end chain restaurant.
I would categorize it somewhere between Baja Fresh and Applebees.
Our waitress was nice and attentive.

Boston's is kind of on the same level as Applebee's for me.
Although Boston's food is a million times better, the atmosphere is kind of bland.
As for food, as I've said, it's pretty good but the portions are kinda small.
The pizza is okay.
I'd rather go to NYPD Pizza.
At least the nachos are fine.
A plus about this place:  Happy Hour is a steal.
Cheap drinks, cheap food...  definitely worth trying!

Wow so much has changed since the last time I have been here.
The place has gone down hill and looks like it is still on that decent.
The place used to be a live and hip place for the area and now its just seems to be getting ghetto.
The food is still great and hasn't changed so thank god for that one.
What has changed is the service and staff.
I'm not gonna judge people based on appearance but when it comes to the service industry appearance is everything.
I did see people in uniform but just having a Bostons shirt on was it, some staff looked like they were wearing yoga pants and flip flops.
Maybe they were off the clock and changed but still to see then in food service areas was kinda iffy for me.
Our server was trying but not hard enough.
I can understand if you are busy and that you might have been the only one working at the time but if you pass by the table 5 times and to say nothing is kinda rude when we have yet to order.
I say the food is great, hence the 3 stars, the staff and service need to go.
Will I be back?
Yes, but not anytime soon.

It's been over two years since my initial Boston's review, so I figured it was time for an update.
Boston's has been our go-to place to watch Sunday football for the past three football seasons.
We always sit at the bar and have gotten to know the bartenders and waitresses that work Sundays.
We have also gotten to know the other Sunday regulars.
I guess you could say Boston's is our Cheers.
Everyone knows our name.
32 oz Bud Lights are now $3 and appetizers are still $5 all day on Sunday (this is also their HH special during the week).
Starting this year, doors now open at 10 am on Sundays during the first part of the football season.
Of the food I have tried, I recommend the mozzamia, potato skins, baked cheese fries (a new addition to the menu), and Boston's Chicken salad with fried chicken (you can either get grilled or fried chicken).
Plenty of TVs dot the interior of the space so there is no excuse not to watch your game.
In Tempe, I can't think of a better spot to watch sports.

This place blows.
I guess if you're absolutely desperate to eat you'll end up here @ the end of the night.
The staff & service sucks as bad as the food does.

I wonder about restaurants named after cities.
Is it considered a slight against the food in the transplant city?
Is Boston's saying: "People of Phoenix, your food is so non-descript that we're bringing in the menu based on a city whose Irish-American citizens are most famous for eating potatoes.
" Or does it really matter more which city it is?
So if a restaurant opened up that called itself "San Francisco's", it might not be that much of a snub?
As opposed to a place called Detroit's ("Featuring cuisine inspired by the people of the Motor City"), it would be a civic smack in the face?
An important question.
But since I'm not a Phoenix native, I had no skin in this game and felt it was fair to visit Boston's to dine.
It's billed as a pizza place, but really this has the feel of a sports bar.
And not a bad one, I should add.
There is a really wide area of large tables set out in front of the bar with a number of big screen TVs for your convenient viewing pleasure.
I also liked that they had a number of high tables; there's far too many tiny seats these days that make you feel like you're low-rider dining.
The interior design is a bit generic: the comparisons to Applebee's or Chili's are fair.
There is room for an upgrade here.
Since this is more of a sports bar, some memorabilia could help; maybe Kurt Warner can donate a jersey.
Or better yet, now that he's retired, perhaps they could employ Kurt Warner as a greeter.
The tabletops have a number of coasters with questions on them that range from "Hottest Actress" to "Best City".
Apparently designed to provoke a generic discussion on an awkward date, I felt that the "Best City" coaster was a bit of a trick question: is the correct answer Boston or Phoenix?
Or should I just say screw it and go with Seattle?
(TAKE THAT PORTLAND!
YOU'RE NOT EVEN ONE OF THE CHOICES!
) Anyways, conversation starters if you're desperate.
And speaking of starters, I went with an appetizer: the Southwest Ravioli.
It's a ravioli (no false advertising here) stuffed with cheese (Monterrey Jack and cheddar) with jalapeno peppers and ranch dipping sauce.
It was greasy and decadent.
I loved it and even considered ordering a second round.
Instead I went with a main course.
Now I know that it's a pizza place, but I'd just finished a half marathon a few hours before and wasn't certain if my stomach was yet up to pizza.
So I went with the.....Bacon Cheeseburger.
This works well as a stand-alone menu item: it comes with cheddar and mozzarella (I love the cheese emphasis at this place, the owner must be a mouse), onions, lettuce and mayo.
There may have been tomato also, but I think I disdainfully tossed these away.
Regardless, this was a fine burger cooked just right.
Service here was also prompt and my pop refills were frequent and performed without me having to notify them.
If I lived in the Phoenix area, I would consider this a nice place to catch a game.

The first time I as here was years ago and only for a couple of drinks after a show at ASU Gammage.
As I remember it was not very busy even then.
Last Friday we ventured into Boston's after plans we had didn't work out, as it turns out we should have just gone home.
On a Friday night at 7:00pm this place was empty, I thought we got lucky, not so much.
We ordered an appetizer which was tiny and expensive and not very good.
I won't really go into what we got for dinner, because really what's the point?
The food was barely edible.
The service was seriously lacking as well, it seemed like our waitress was even lest interested in being there than we were.
We will not return.

Nice venue...
But overpriced pizza...Will try just once.
Decor is stellar though.

It's a respectable joint.
It's big inside with plenty of flat screens to watch the game.
Their burgers are pretty big with fresh ingredients although they only cook them medium well so if you like a little pink in your burger patty this isn't the place for you.
The fries are cut fresh with a tasty seasoning.
I'll be back to check out their happy hour, they advertise 3 dollar beers and 5 dollar appetizers.
Overall it's a decent sports restaurant.

Like most places in the world people capitalize on greatness and this place used a great city to dupe me out of a good dinner.
I have lived in Boston for 33 years and never had a pizza so poorly done.
If you have ever had a NY style pizza this is not it.
It is moor like a House of pizza style pizza for 26 bucks.
Get tacos because this pizza is horrible I would say that Ellios is better.
Sorry Bostons but try again go to Beacon hill and eat Upper Crust and then try again.

My friend and I wanted pizza last night and Oregano's had a crazy long line, so we ended up here at Boston's.
Neither of us are hardcore UFC followers, so we weren't aware of the big fight night going on last night.
We were asked if outside was okay and because the weather right now is too amazing to be indoors, I agreed to sit on the patio....until we got to our table, which was in the very furthest corner where a couple of guys were hovering, smoking freshly-lit cigars.
I'm not a smoker, so it always irritates me that sitting outside is not an option, unless you enjoy inhaling second hand smoke.
But what are you gonna do?
It's not like they can smoke anywhere else, so I get it, just don't wanna be a part of it while eating.
So, the wait for a table inside began.
We should've driven to Barro's or something but we were already there and figured, what the hell.
The hostess, Alyssa, was super sweet and so genuinely apologetic for us having to wait.
She found a table for us, sat us, cleaned the surface, took our drink order and even our food order.
She was trying so hard to please every customer she encountered.
However, one particular manager (his accent sounded Russian to us) was constantly in her face, critiquing everything she was doing.
After our order was put in, he came to our table and explained that Boston's had spent $4800 to broadcast the fight and that we had to spend $15 minimum each.
"You understand," he says, with his sweaty palm on my back.
Fuckin' gross!
I told him that I did understand, but we were there to eat, there was no signage explaining this, nor were we told upfront...."so it's not my problem.
"  Our waitress (pretty sure her name was Brittany) came over after and explained that she wasn't concerned about a minimum.
She was very pleasant and attentive to every detail.
I'm giving this crappy place 2 stars because the service from the two lovely ladies who helped us actually made the experience worthwhile.
The manager was a dick and the pepperoni pizza was definitely not gourmet.
We had chicken nachos as an app, though and they were not bad at all.
So to sum up: nachos=good.
The waitstaff was awesome.
Pizza=very sucky.
And during a UFC event, the noise level is deafening.

Why all the hate on Boston's?
Granted I have only been here for lunch and never tried the pizza so this review may be a bit one sided...   What do you expect from a low end chain restaurant?
The service has always been great for lunch, our waitresses have always been quick and attentive and they seem to understand people are in a bit of a rush at lunch time.
There are a ton of choices on the lunch menu, including both pizza and pasta specials of the day (and they are decently priced).
The soups are good, as is the club.
This is another place where the food is not gourmet, but you get what you pay for...
Decent.

We arrived to watch a UFC fight with our friends and wanted to be seated next to them.
They wouldn't let us sit in the booth directly behind them because they said they squeeze people in because of the fight.
We had to spend $15 each in order to watch the fight from horrible tv's.
The area we were sitting in never ended up getting full at all and they let someone else sit in the booth while we sat at a table directly under the air vent that was freezing.
Our food was only okay.
My husband ordered a calzone and they were surprised when we asked for a side of marinara and i ordered a shrimp pasta with broccoli which was really salty.
I wouldn't go there to watch a fight if you want to be seated my friends.
Our waitress did an okay job but the rest was just very disorganized.

Chris R and I were two diehard football fans traversing the bowels of sports bars in the Phoenix area.
Made soft by previous seasons of DirecTV with limitless 30 packs of Coors Light, cheap homemade food, and plenty of room to stretch out in front of multiple big screen TV's, we had it made.
Bam!
Flash forward to two leases in five months, a lack of big dolla finances, and we find ourselves out on the DirecTV sports-packageless streets.
Enter Boston's:  $4 32 oz beers, $5 filling appetizers, an open neighborhood bar atmosphere, and hyper friendly servers.
The chairs, while they do seem like they were purchased at a garage sale, are incredibly comfortable and lean back for easy viewing of the 'wall of sports tvs.
'   I've never been here without a sporting event on, but there are no sports bars as comfortable in the Tempe area.
Thank you for saving us Boston's!

So two aspects of Boston's are at war with each other.
Price Vs. Taste/Value  Too bad price is winning.
I ordered a medium buffalo pizza and two sodas.
Cost was $25, $30 with tip.
I've never, ever, paid $20 for a medium sized pizza with only two toppings (chicken and onions).
It's horrifying!
But, you know what, if you want to spend the money the pizza did taste good.
I enjoyed every bite.
And the customer service was great.
The guy who took my order over the phone was really nice and my delivery guy was awesome.
I will probably order from them again when I need the buffalo flavor, but otherwise I'll keep my money because I could have gotten a lot more for $30.

I've been here twice and will probably not go back.
The first time I just sat at the bar and had a couple beers and some nachos.
The nachos were average.
The bar tender was super friendly and the service was pretty good.
The second time the waitress was a total space cadet.
We got there and she brought some water over after about 15 minutes and then came and checked on us once every half hour after that.
We were there a good 30 minutes before they put on the game we had requested.
When we ordered our beer, she had no idea what we were talking about.
The food we got was cold by the time it got to us.
Even if it was hot, it still would have been sub-par.
The same "regulars" were in there both times I've been there.
They're a little bit loud and both times were visibly inebriated.
There are enough other bars in the area.
I would avoid this one.

Ive been here once and it was pretty decent.
It's a bar type place that happens to have pizza and other food.
With Oregano's across the street, Id have to choose them over this place for pizza.
The pizza here just didnt do it for me.
I did enjoy their green bean fries and wings.
Service was awesome.
We had a girl named Michelle who was amazing (5 stars).
It was right before the dinner crowd during the week, so the place was slow.
Cool vibe in here though.

This has quickly become one of my favorite hang out spots in Tempe.
My coworkers and I often go here after work to have a drink.
The employees that work there are super friendly and so are the other regulars.
They are never busy so the drinks never take too long and neither does the food.
They are open until 2 a.m. every night so its a good place to go after our restaurant closes.
I love the baseball bats on the bathroom doors and the overall vibe of this place.
They have happy hour specials from 11-close that include $5 appetizers as well as drink specials.
The pizza is pretty good as well.
I now stop by here a few times a week and will continue to do so.

I've been here a few times now, and I've had a pleasant experience each time.
The staff, especially in the bar, is very attentive and kind.
The food is pretty good, however, some of the items are a little bit pricy.
I would definitely recommend going here to watch a sports game.
It's not too loud to where it is tough to pay attention to the game, but it's not so quiet to where you feel uncomfortable to root for your team.

I have been here many times and have always had a good experience.
My favorite item on the menu is the Chipotle Chicken and Bacon salad.
When I introduced a friend to this salad she immediately told her husband who said, "I've been getting it for years...it's the only thing I order anymore.
" I am not a big salad eater but I crave this salad and sometimes plan my work route so I can stop for lunch there.

My boyfriend and I had bought a groupon for this place since it sounded like a good place to check out.
Boy did it exceed our expectations for a great lunch!
We had a little bit of everything and was extremely impressed with the menu items.
The waitress we had was very knowledgeable and had some really great food suggestions.
Was here for a late lunch, so it was really quiet, which is something I enjoy very much.
Will be coming here again and bringing a few friends to enjoy it with too!

I debated Yelping on this one, because I feel bad to be negative, but here it is ...
So a few weeks ago I went to lunch with 4 other co-workers.
We came around 11:30 am and the place was not very busy.
We ordered sodas and waters and we needed a few minutes to all decide, then it seemed to take our server awhile to return to get the order.
Next wait was the food, "where on earth is it"?
Once another server had brought our food, I had to be "that one" who said this is wrong and send it back, I ordered the sliders and just wanted the burger, bacon and cheese, they just had the burger and bun.
He took my plate and brought back, and now the cheese was a tad crispy from being grilled I assume.
There was a hiccup on drinks refill somewhere in there too.
Next came check presentation, we all had separate checks, it is now 1 PM, after several minutes we were all turning our heads wondering if the server would return.
He did apologize and so did the manager as we left, knowing the experiance was less than expectation would be.
As a former food industry employee myself I would have thought a nice gesture of free desert or coupon for future visit could have tried to redeem some points.
I am not saying I would not go back as it happens to any server.
There is always that one time where it just went down hill.
I know the feeling and I have been there too myself where I just know there is no redeeming on less than perfect service I may have gave to a table and best I can do is discount the check and hope they give me another chance again.
I know often it is unintentional, just because a restaurant may not seem busy, another table could have you tied up, or you have all the side work that comes with the job.
So now I feel bad for my post!

Had Boston's delivered to my office today.
I was completely underwhelmed.
I've been to the location several times and had decent meals, but decided to try something new today.
I went with the Chicken Torino, and it was about worthy of one star.
Incredibly oily, with a tiny bit of rice and gobs of artichocke hearts.
The sauce was VERY lemony flavored, but not a great mix of anything else.
I did give it three stars because I've been there before and the dine in experience is miles beyond the delivery serivce.

Went there before an ASU game as two couples.
The server was pretty nice but very unprepared and kept forgetting things.
At one point, we made a bet that one girl would never get the lime in her beer that she ordered right when we sat down.
The bet against the lime won.
The manager did agree with us and worked to remedy the situation, but it took sooo long to get all of our food and drinks and half of it was messed up.
In no rush to return.

Literally one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.
Came on a Sunday night at around 8:30 PM with my girlfriend.
We were the only two patron's in the dining room.
Our server, awkward from the beginning, seated us in two office chairs across from one another.
After bringing our drinks and menus to us in a relatively quick fashion, what happened next would begin the worst 25 minute dining experience of my life.
The waitress came back about 5 minutes later to take our orders, only to inform me that what I wanted was not on the menu.
Great.
She left for another five to ten minutes or so to help, well, nobody else since the restaurant was empty.
When she came back and took our order, I got the Chicken & Broccoli and my girlfriend got the Spicy Alfredo Chicken or whatever it was.
The food came rather quickly, to my surprise.
However, I was immediately disappointed.
After opting for a bite of my girlfriend's dish, it's similarity to that of a Lean Cuisine was overwhelming.
As far as my meal went, the broccoli was crunchy and dry, tasting literally like it was freezerburned and then microwaved.
The chicken was virtually flavorless and disgusting.
Our waitress never came and asked how our meal was and when she saw both plate's near full, didn't ask what was wrong and simply took them away.
Complete waste of $28 and I hope the waitress understands why her tip was $0.

Boston's is one of my favourite places.
The first time I ate here, I had their mozzamia/mozzarella sticks and a caesar salad.
Their mozzamia is cooked in triangles and are well cooked to crispy and hot.
They're served with marinara sauce, which I don't care for, but I have tried it and the flavours do seem to go together.
Their marinara sauce seems a bit thin and sweet, yet is still complementary.
Their caesar salad was above expectation, with a tangy sauce and crunchy croutons.
The second time I ordered from Boston's, a mate & I had a pineapple pizza delivered.
It was a medium size pizza.
Delivery was prompt.
Their pizza was cooked well but not with that generic sort of melted cheese look and texture.
The cheese was soft and subtle-flavoured, which meshed well with the pineapple.
The pizza itself was not heavily seasoned, and in no way overpowering.
The crust, however, had a want for herbs and spices of some kind, as it was quite bland, with a particularly average crispy bread flavour.
The last time I ate at Boston's, three friends and I together had an appetizer each and shared them.
We of course had the mozzamia, but also tried their spinach artichoke dip, and their southwest ravioli.
Each were very good.
The ravioli may be a bit too spicy for anyone who keeps their heat levels gringo style.
The mozzamia was loyal to previous experiences.
Their spinach artichoke dip was creamy, with a lot of whole spinach and chunks of artichoke.
The crostinis that came with the spinach artichoke dip were pretty tasty on their own- although much better with the dip, as expected- and the dip also worked well with the southwest ravioli and the mozzamia.
We also tried their brownie dessert, which is two brownies and two scoops of vanilla ice cream.
The brownies are slightly closer to fudge than brownies in consistency due to their sheer warmth and freshness.
It's a good staple dessert with nothing particularly unique about Boston's interpretation, except I do like that you get twice as much as most other places would give you.
They also have dessert shooters, which are mini versions of their regular desserts in shot glasses, including this brownie one if you don't have two people to share with or can't eat two brownies/scoops on your own.
As far as the building and the atmosphere goes, it is your generic kitschy sports bar look.
The outside of their front doors have baseball bats for handles.
There are sports team flags (Boston/New England and Arizona teams) hanging from the ceiling.
There are neon lights.
There is a bar area.
Anytime I go there, it isn't particularly busy, especially not inside.
Usually there is a group or there are two groups sitting outside.
They don't have an especially good selection of music- some kind of radio hits, or top 20 or something playing in the background- so if that particularly bothers you, just order out.
It would be improved if the music was quieter, probably.
They have a lot of windows, but I've never gone during the day, so I don't know if the sunlight makes things feel better or worse inside.

Only stopped here, because every where else was open for ages of 21yrs and older?
Kinda surprised by that because not all students at ASU are over 21!
Any who, Family and I always looking for a new place to try, and we never heard of Boston's.
So we  checked this place out.
Wifey had their bacon cheeseburger w/fries.
Burger was cooked medium well, very delicious!
I actually loved their fries?
Daughter had this plate called trio something???
It had the samples of meat lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo, and chicken Parmesan.
She like the plate very much, I am not a lasagna person, I had better chicken Parmesan, I did how ever liked the fettuccine.
I order a well done pepperoni pizza.
I loved the pepperoni, pizza sauce, and cheese.
I was not that impressed with their crust!
Over all we had a good time, we have had better!
But yes we would come back if we were in the area.

I completely admit up front that I've had terrible experiences here, however they rarely occur and the waiters that cause those terrible situations don't stick around often.
I am a frequent customer and show up at least once a week.
The staff does recognize me and the person I dine with- (unless it's lunch time staff, who doesn't know us at all.
) They know our drinks, and know us well enough to ask us about an appetizer, entrée, and desert with enough space to finish each course properly before bringing out the next one.
The menu was recently re-done, causing much disappointment, however, there are more options now and organized perfectly.
I highly recommend this place.

I just started going here.
I had the hot wings which are not suicidal hot.
They are very good.
I was there for night happy hour.
The house rum is AWFUL.
Even with cola and hot wings I could not drink it.
I will most likely go here frequently because it has great drink prices and happy hour $5 appetizers after 7pm

I tried Boston's for takeout using a Groupon Now deal for a small group of friends.
As such, I didn't get to experience the restaurant and service past the front counter however the atmosphere from what I saw had a nice, clean, classy sports bar feel albeit a bit commercial and unoriginal.
Seemed like it could be an enjoyable place to have some dinner and watch a game.
Onto my food experience.
I tried their classic pepperoni pizza and their southwest deep fried ravioli appetizer.
Overall, I was very underwhelmed.
The pizza has a uniform thick crust that is a bit dense and crispy but still bready inside.
The sauce was a bit sweet and had a fairly pasty texture... pretty nondescript.
Finally, it was topped with a fairly standard amount of a mozzarella fontina blend that didn't seem of particularly high quality as well as a disappointingly mild pepperoni.
I guiltily admit I enjoyed the southwest ravioli.
I say guiltily because it was one of those premade chain items filled with a processed cheese goo that could very well have been stolen from Taco Bell that you wonder why you like so much as you eat it.
All in all, even at the price paid after using the Groupon discount I would rarely find myself choosing Boston's again even over the big chain pizzas.
At full price I consider it to be grossly overpriced.
My only area of recommendation was that the service at the counter was nice and it seemed like it could be a nice place for dinner with friends while watching a game.

boston's was a good atmosphere i went for Superbowl sunday, but the service was horrible first after we got to the seating near the bar, the waitress asked us if we needed a menu, ummm duh we only said we were hungry (really????
) and then my cousin whom is in the navy and just traveled 4 hours to get here laid his head down on the table because he was tired.
The waitress came up and said that he had to get up because there is no sleeping at the bar, he then said i was just laying down on the table, she said well that shows signs of intoxication, i get where she is coming from, but i was a EMT for 2 and a half years in virigina, and i do security for the AZ cardinals and anyone who has done either one of those two knows.
You can not question a medical condition so i told her what if he has medical reason on why he has to do that, she said if they have a medical condition the person would have to have a medical wrist band on, i told her what if he doesn't want the world to know that he has a medical problem that is his right to keep that concealed he has no legal obligation to let you know that before something happens, trust me i know, i have seen it, she argues with me saying that she is studying to be a nurse at Arizona state, so she should know these facts i have been trained time and time again on this subject,  and she continued to argue me, she was completely disrespectful the whole night towards me and my family, just because she goes to ASU gives her no right to think she is beeter than anyone especially in the medical field if she doesn't even know the basics, she not once looked anyone of us in the eye or had a smile on her face at all, she has a i dont want to be here this is a waste of my time attitude, but when the college guy came around she was flirting with him, really?
you are at work you are not there to pick up drunk college guys.
so the only reason why i gave this place 2 stars was because of the feel, lets not mention that in the middle of the game the satellite went out and screwed over all of the tvs, so needless to say i will never ever ever be at that establishment again.

Yes this place has great food.
The ambiance is a bit like hanging out in grandmas kitchen with a bunch of tvs surrounding you and a bar with yummy drinks.
I have no idea why this place is called bostons other than the fact the server understood my boston sarcasm.
It's in a sketchy location, but not far from downtown Tempe

Ate here yesterday for lunch and despite all the bad reviews of this place I went anyways and my experience was actually pretty good.
I ordered the Chicken Pesto Flatbread Pizza, it was large enough for two but I was able to eat half there and the other half in my car back to work (Yup it was that dang good!
) The crust was flavorful and crunchy, toppings were generous and worked harmoniously together.
The server did take forever to give me napkins but I'll let her slide because when she brought the bill she did give me another drink in a to-go cup without being asked to do so (score in my book).

Man, my last review was pretty unfair.
I was actually a fan of this place for a long time - I was just really bitter about not having that poker tournament to go to anymore.
I loved it so.
In my previous review, I threw around harsh names and whatnot at the owners - that was uncalled for and immature.
Their food is good as I remember.
I haven't actually been back in years - not since I wrote that last review.
They didn't deserve that, and I'm only leaving it up to show what a jerk I was for writing it.
Granted, I did have an awful experience that one night, but that wasn't the norm and every place has a bad night.
Over the years, I've become much more understanding and tolerant of bad experiences like this.
Sorry, Boston's.
I take it all back.

I loved this place when I lived in upstate New York, and would do a day in Toronto!
So you can imagine my level of excitement when I found out that we had two locations RIGHT HERE in the Valley!!!
Well  kinda.
I still like this location, and will most certainly make the trip to Tempe.
The menu is a bit different from the Canadian version I adore, but nevertheless, the selection is solid and quality is high.
If an appetizer is what you want, look no further then the chips and quaso.
The pizza I am convinced you just simply can't go wrong with on any selection.
They also offer plenty of other items such a burgers, salads, pasta and more.
The only part that I found to be negative was the mighty slow service for a slow Saturday night.
The bar area was solid, but the dinning side was rather slow.
I feel as if one has three tables to tend to, that he or she should be of reasonable speed when it comes to taking orders and refilling drinks.
Overall though I am still real happy to have Boston Pizza in Metro Phoenix, and am looking forward o my next trip!

It's grown on me.
I think the flatbread steak dish and pulled pork sliders are both awesome.
The entire menu looks good but a bit over priced for pasta plates.
The wings are still good.
The Fries are also.
And OH the Baja slaw I crave!
Spicy and crunchy slaw, I have tried but can't find or recreate the slaw recipe.
Hoping to get it one day cause a serving is to small.

They took the potato skins off the menu :(

New Owners.
Less happy hour deals in food.
So I tried fried pickle slices  fried banana pepprs for my 1st time.
They are served lightly  breaded with a Ranch Dip.
Draft  pint glasses aren't chilled and the draft isn't very cold.
I slipped a large chunk of ice in each pint I had.

Was there late on Wednesday.I think we were the only table occupied in the entire place,which was fine because there were 4 kids in our party.They had coloring books,crayons and sippy cups for the kids which were great and kept them occupied.The waitress was friendly and attentive .
The food was nasty.Maybe they're known for their pizza,but I had the chicken sliders which were the consistancy of hocky pucks.The fries tasted old as well.
So,they get 2 stars for the crayons and wait staff....

Like the food selection and the service is great.

Wow...$5 pizzas for happy hour??
And they were gooooood.
The cheese fries were good too.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place.
Very good for bar food!

Clearly a decent place to watch sporting events, but they could use some more food specials considering their entire menu is $5 overpriced.
All their pasta's are between 12 and 15 bucks, which is not Ok, considering this a big chain and the pasta is probably not that legendary.
Happy Hour is $5 for tiny pizza's and that is the only food special available.
Last night, I needed food and the only reasonable priced item was the $9 Grilled Chicken sandwich as I decided to go healthy.
Do not order this item as the chicken breast had a bunch of fat running through the middle which required me to cut the breast up leaving me with a huge bun and a tiny strip of chicken.
Then, we had the bun which was smothered with an overabundance of Chipotle aioli rendering the bottom bun unedible.
Bad sandwich, but fries were solid with skin on and hot.
Semi-crowded for an ASU away game, but not that bad considering how good the team is so far and always good service.

Sometimes you have to be careful with whom you eat lunch.
We were thinking about burgers, and I suggested the best burger joint I'm aware of in Phoenix, The Grind.
But nobody wanted to spend $15 on a burger.
The driver of the car made an executive decision to go to Boston's, but it was too late - the car was already moving!
So, we arrive at Boston's.
I've already had their pizza, and it was uninspiring.
After you've had pizza in New York and Chicago, and even local joints like Pizzeria Bianco, and you have places like Spinato's in your rotation, an uninspiring pizza is not really even worth eating for lunch.
I started with the Mountain Dew to drink.
It was awful.
Coworker across the table said the Arnold Palmer wasn't very good, either.
Bad drinks - strike one.
I went with the jalapeno and onion straws burger, cooked medium.
But wait, they cook everything medium-well, according to the server!
Out comes my burger and fries.
I discovered that our waitress wasn't being entirely truthful about the burger temperature; they don't cook burgers medium well, but hockey puck.
These burgers are what you get when you accidentally leave it on the grill for two hours too long.
I suspect the restaurant staff, before opening, completes such preparatory tasks as hooking up the hoses on the soda fountain, wiping down the tables, setting up the chairs, and putting the burgers on the grill.
I wasn't too worried about spilling my drink because I had a nice, absorbent meat patty to soak up the moisture.
I could go on and on about those burgers...  And you have to love freezer fries.
Tastes just like home, at least if you're a bachelor like myself, and cooking consists of pulling something out of the freezer and heating it up.
One of my coworkers smartly pointed out that it's nice not having to worry about getting your hands wet holding your burger.
I pointed out that it's kind of nice not having to worry about your taste buds getting too excited.
Another nice, positive spin I put on the meal was that it would make the boring drudgery of the work day seem that much more exciting by comparison.
And finally, I lobbed my most viciously backhanded compliment on the place - the pièce de résistance, if you will - by pointing out how nice it is that we saved a whole $3 by not going to The Grind.
I will admit, it is nice to have dining experience like this every now and then.
It keeps things in perspective.
Because how else will you be able to truly appreciate a good, or even an average, meal?

I met my 3 new bosses here for lunch today.
Two of us ordered the French Dip.
We chose this place because it is usually quiet and a good place to carry on a lunch conversation (they told me) but it was my first time there.
We asked for a quiet place to sit and the host noted that the music was quite loud and offered to turn it down without us asking.
The service was very friendly and the food was good, however, I was more interested in the conversation than the restaurant or food so that means it did end up being a good place for our intent...obviously, since we were not distracted by noise or bad service or bad food.
I would return.

Been going back more often now.
The happy Hour menu has changed and now there is a wide variety of items for $5 including some very good nachos and mozzarella sticks.
The beer is also always on sale and they have a good reverse HH at 10pm.
Patio is great and this bar is almost never crowded, so that is also a good thing.
Staff is usually nice too.

Finally tried the pizza here yesterday and it was good.
I went with the BBQ chicken variety and you get 6 slices for about 9 bucks.
It was loaded with nice pieces of chicken, a subtle and slightly sweet BBQ sauce and onions and two cheeses.
Ordered well done, it arrived perfectly cooked and I had good service since there were about no people in the bar area.
Tempe is not a basketball town and it was disappointing that no Sun Devils fans were watching a key hoops game.
Pathetic.
Anyway, Boston's has lunch specials, but apparently this place and others don't think people eat lunch on weekends and they don't apply.
Why?

This bar has a new name.
It is no longer Boston's.
No more Pizza.
Look for my review under the new name - "The Corner Office"  UPDATE: It's Back, but still very empty on most nights.
Onj Sunday, they have $2.50 rum drinks and a $10 1 -topping pizza.
Quality of pizza is average and probably falls just above the $5 Pizza joints.
Blame the conveyor belt cooking.

This is normal bar food, so you get what you would expect.
I sat at the bar and the service was poor.
It took forever for the bartender to take my order, and then for the food to arrive.
She was walking around, talking to other employees & messing with the TV's, while I was patiently waiting for my food.
I ordered an appetizer and a meal.
When the food finally came out everything came at once instead of my appetizer first as anybody would want and should expect.
So, I waited a long time and then the order was messed up.
Shocker!
I asked the bartender to put my main meal back under the heat while I ate my appetizer, which she did.
However, when I was done with the appetizer it took me a while to find her again to tell her I was ready for my main meal.
Expecting a timely refill wasn't even a thought on her mind either, but it didn't shock me at that point.
So, normal bar food and poor service.

Went here the other day for a quick lunch with my coworker....or so I thought!
We went at noon, which I know is a busy time, but it didn't look insanely busy to me.
I would think any restaurant should be prepared for a busy noon hour.
My friend and I both ordered salads and it literally took an hour to get our meals.
The girl seating people was very nice and apologetic, but even our waitress was unresponsive.
We also both ordered our salads with the dressing on the side and after an hour they couldn't even get that right.
My friend went ahead and ate hers as is, but I sent mine back.
The second salad came out very quickly which I was grateful for.
Since we were in a hurry at this point we asked for our checks immediately.
We had asked for separate checks, but when we got the check it was together.
The waitress took it back and separated them for us.
We both put our credit cards down immediately, but were almost done with our meals when I finally waved the checks at the waitress to pick up.
The food wasn't bad, but I will never go back for such poor service!

Mixed reviews- Yes the pizza is pretty good.
But been there once and had the nacho's, cost me almost $20 bucks.
And yes you guessed it, the plate of nacho's with 15 chips and each chip going around plate and each nacho had typical stuff a little beans sum cheese sum lettuce sour cream.
But you know those nacho plates,you've seen it not a pile of chips just individual chip next to each other all the way around outside of plate.
It was like $19 bucks and drank water.
I was like come on I can go too fili b's and get with carne asada on my nacho's and big pile of em for $5 bucks.
Food is good ie pizza, but expensive !!!
For what you get.....

Boston's is one of my favorite go-to restaurants in the Tempe area I love their pizza and wings but they also have really great drink specials I have been to this Boston's at least 10 times and every time I get the same great service and the same great food Tonight was my most recent visit and there was an ASU football game so it was busy Also on Thursday's there is a Trivia game that goes on in part of the dining area I was up for the challenge and it was my first time The questions were all semi hard I googled a couple Shhh...
I had a ton of fun though, it was nice to just play a game with a group of people The guessing part was the fun part of the game One of the questions was: Who was the accomplice of the Oklahoma bombings?
Who knows that?
Haha I sure didn't I put UNABOMBER totally wrong  Anywho, my point here is Boston's is a great place to go to eat, drink a beer, or watch a game...
But if you are in no hurry and like to play TRIVIA Go on a Tuesday or Thursday night around 630pm  Fun, fun, fun  PS- I only got 2 questions right out of like 10 haha

New owners have turned this bar into a gulp...Minnesota Twins bar.
I'm sure they will draw large crowds for Twins games.
Very selfish of the owners.
Nobody cares about the Twins and even when tourists come in winter, they aren't playing.
The pizza I had on my free pizza deal (text club) was horrible despite nice bald manager saying everything was prepared fresh.
Well, it didn't taste fresh - it tasted like Totino's frozen pizza.
They are charging almost 9 bucks for that also - luckily it was free.
If you order that, you will feel like you got robbed.
The entire right side of the bar is also a hangout for some of the biggest older drunks in Tempe.
It is like that area is their territory.
Get rid of the riff raff new owners!

This place absolutely sucks.
My party arrived at midnight last night and that's when our trouble began.
Here's a condensed version of what happened: - No server came to our table for 15 minutes after our arrival when I looked over the railing beside our booth and an employee responded "Do you need something?
" I responded "Can we get some service?
"  - It took 20 minutes for a simple martini to arrive at our table that was ordered upon our arrival.
Their excuse "The printer at the bar broke" - When our food finally arrived, only half the order was there (a mushroom flatbread).
That one item alone took an hour.
A half hour later, my chicken sandwich finally arrived.
Their excuses "We had a cook walk out in the middle of service" "The manager had to be in the kitchen cooking"  - Excuse after excuse from two servers and a manager who are some of most incompetent idiots I have ever seen in a restaurant.
Their solution; Lame apology after lame apology and comping our meal.
They also gave us "Boston's Bucks" for our next visit.
What qualifications do I have?
First, I'm a REAL chef with an MBA, a BS in Hotel-Restaurant Management and an Associates in Culinary Arts.
I have been in Food and Beverage for 20 years.
I realize most people working here are working their way through college, but that is no excuse for this piss poor service.
Would you like me to come in as a consultant and show you how it's done Boston's?

This place can be okay, however, for this specific experience I must give them one star.
It was awful.
I told my friends how awesome this sports bar was in the neighborhood so we decided to go there to celebrate two of our birthdays.
This meant we were in the mood to drink... a lot.
Because of the distance, nobody was driving, yay!
We were ecstatic to see the seating at the bar was completely open...
I mean, not a single person!
Meaning it could fit all six of us, and we could receive quick, back-to-back drink service from the bartender, right?
Wrong!
As we approach the bar, the bartender asks us to wait for a server.
I explained to the bartender we were just there to drink and not order any food.
The bartender insisted we just sit at a table instead.
I told him, "okay, we'll sit down, but the server is going to be very annoyed when we're not ordering anything but drinks at a very quick pace.
"   We sit down and what do you know?
The server is annoyed that we aren't ordering any food and that we're just ordering drinks.
She takes literally about 10 minutes for every... single... drink.
We were fed up, so we ended up just walking up to the bartender and getting shots from him, when he allowed.
Most of the time he told us to go back to our seat.
It was absolutely ridiculous to not let us all sit at the bar, and makes no sense.
There were more than enough seats, so that is not even a part of the issue.
We also weren't beligerent or offensive in any way, so that couldn't have been it either.
On top of this awful service for no apparent reason, we were all charged for full cokes when ordering a "splash of coke," with our shots.
(Yes some of us are wusses).
My friend and I joked that maybe she thought we all asked for a "glass of coke.
" It was ridiculous and we busted up laughing when they literally had this girl doing all this work, walking back to us with a tray of a half dozen cokes.
Wouldn't it make more sense to have the bartender just turn around and hand us our shots and beers rather than making this fragile girl walk 50 feet each way?
Almost needless to say, the glasses of coke took the place of most of a tip that wasn't ever deserved in the first place.
Maybe go to Boston's with your grandfather to watch a replay of a Red Sox game on ESPN Classics, but don't go there to celebrate with your friends.

I love this place!
Good food!
Amazing deals and best of all, free parking!!!!!
They have 50 percent off industry night Sundays and an amazing happy hour 3-7 and 10- close!
Plus they have a desperate dining lounge and sports bar so it's good for whatever mood you're in'

I went here in mid-December to catch the late NFL games on a Sunday.
I had one beer, but I did look at the menu for a while.
I had eaten here before and knew it was okay.
But that day I didn't want anymore bar food as I had already consumed that day, being a fat person who likes the NFL a lot.
They charged my card twice.
Once for the one-beer tab and once again for the one-beer-tab plus the dollar tip on my one beer.
Just saying if you go there and use your card make sure you check your account later.

Greetings fellow Yelpers.
Have you ever craved really yummy food, but horrible service?
Boston's just your place then!
I took my friend Mo'nique there for a fun night out on the town, but it ended in disaster.
Basically the waitress forgot about her ceaser salad and her root beer causing my friend to go into panic mode.
Things got super intense then once the waitress also forgot MY root beer and then casually joked about it!
Mo'nique wasn't digging her sense of humor.
Long story short, Mo'nique never wants to come back to Arizona all because of Boston's!

The service is terrible.
Or at least the server we had was terrible.
We had a large group about 15 that came in about four waves.
I ordered with the first group.
An hour later, all four groups had gotten their food but me.
And I ordered a salad.
That the server had recommended.
When I finally asked her to cancel it, she seemed surprised and asked "You're not hungry anymore?
A salad shouldn't take that long.
I'm sure it's coming out.
" So I smiled and said "I know salads don't take a long time, but it's been a hour and I ordered before all these other people.
" Nevertheless, it was another 15 more minutes before it showed up.
After one of my group (who ordered a recommended dessert from the same waitress and did not show up for thirty minutes) complained to a manager, we got the salad and dessert comped, but there were never any apologies from the waitress.
The salad wasn't even very good.
:( Sadness.

Placed sucked had shitty service to say the least and what do you know , no longer in business.

