My son Daniel kept buggin me to try this place, but I was reluctant.
No good reason.
I just already have my fave taco shops, and plus the bland strip-mall experior just didn't shout "Eat here" to me.
But he got to choose where to eat the other night after his National Honor Society induction ceremony, and he chose here.
I gotta say, my kid really is smart.
Los Favoritos is definitely a notch above typical fast-food-ish Mexican.
On my son's recommendation, I got the "breakfast" chorizo burrito (served all day).
It was on a tortilla the size of a small planet, and stuffed full of savory & spicy meat, cheese, potato and egg.
My husband ordered carne asada, and Daniel got chili rellenos.
They were wonderful!
The service was ify, simply becuase communication was a bit hard with non-English native speakers.
But they get an A for effort.
I guess I owe Los Favoritos an apology for judging it on outward appearances alone.
I'll certainly be going back!

After promising me In-N-Out, my cousin surprised me with a walk to Los Favoritos.
He's a regular there and called in our order while we strolled to the restaurant.
The staff totally treated my cousin like a pal, joking with him and teaching us a bit of Spanish.
We had the California carne asada and regular carne asada.
The former had cheese in the rolled tortilla and French fries in the the burrito.
The latter had just the right amount of guac and meat.
One of my typical complaints about carne asada is most restaurants make it too salty.
Los Favoritos' meat is perfectly seasoned and fresh.
The burritos aren't huge, but they do the trick.
And the tortilla is chewy and delicious.
Refills are free, and Los Favoritos carries two types of hot sauce in squeezy bottles -- just the way I like it.

this place is amazing.
i started going to this place in chandler because it was a half block away from my moms old townhouse when i was about 15 or 16 and had the munchies at 3-5am.
my little brother and i would walk there everytime we stayed at my moms.
its amazing.
for sure the best of these kind of mexican places!
plus, its good if you dont have much money!

Look, this place would get 5 stars but I am sure I haven't tried all the best burritos out there.
But the convenience of the location and the fact that I truly believe Carne Asada is a health food I recommend going to one near you!!
Whether your a bean and cheese or a fat carne burrito kinda person, taco or taquito kind, maybe you need veggies, I still think their Carne Asada is just what the doctor ordered, throw their fresh salsa on any of it and call it a salad.
Remember Meat is what makes us human!!!
And they don't  scrimp.
In the future I am sure you will see a guy like me out in front of resturants selling FAT in little viles to people who realize, "remove the fat..remove the flavor".
If you think you may be Burrito intolerant, it's just a myth, not a condition.
However, I do sometimes notice others seem to be intolerant of my burrito consumption..
But my dogs still love me.
One more note.
Their burritos aren't so loaded with juice that the tortilla falls apart and drips all over.
So I think taking a formal date would be ok..

YUM-O!
This place blows Filiberto's out of the water.
Their breakfast burritos are second to none.
If I ever manage to escape this hellhole known as the Valley of the Sun, Los Fav's will be one of the few things I miss.

Do not go here.
If you do, you will ruin my secret haunt.
The family and I sneak out here many weekends.
Great food, reasonable prices.
You can just about show up in your pajamas if you like.

I mother effin love this place.
I have been eating there since they opened back in 2000 or 2001.
The breakfast burritos are the bomb, the california carne asada is unbelievable and the rolled tacos are always good.
The staff is always nice.
I love seeing this place packed, they deserve it.

This place can be quite good, but it's hit and miss.
I think the breakfast burritos and California burrito are the main attractions.
Chimichanga and tacos aren't anything special.
The rice and beans are average.
Again, go for the burritos!
They are definitely superior to Filibertos.
Tip: ask for the bottled salsas when you pick up your food--they have red and green and both are really good.

Los Favoritos makes the best breakfast burritos that I have tasted so far!!!
I get the egg, potato, and cheese burrito.
The eggs are fluffy, the cheese plentiful, and the potatoes are FRENCH FRIES!
If thats not love, I dont know what is.
Haha.
I love mixing their green and red sauces on my burrito to make a christmas sauce.
Their burritos are not huge but a pretty good size and a pretty cheap breakfast when you compare to how much you would pay to get full at McDonalds or Wendy's.
The only issue I have is that they don't speak much english there.
Other than that, the breakfast burro with no meat is great and the atmosphere, although a little plain, is clean which is one of my biggest fears in little taco shops like this.
I have been to some Filibertos that I felt were not very clean and honestly was a little skeptical to even try Los Fav's.
Now that I have, I will have to give more of these little taco's shops a try and start listening to the hub a little more!

Really good when you're drunk.

Pretty good.
Not greasy at all, the carne asada meat didn't have any strange gristle, the dining room was clean with good upkeep, and the to-go red sauce is spicy and flavorful without burning off your tastebuds.

Think Filibertos with about half the sodium content, I had the much raved about carne asada california burrito which was a combo of carne asada, cheese and french fries....pretty damn good.
My wife had a chicken chimichanga combo and it was so good it inspired me to try a simple chicken taco.
Not very good...glad I got that out of the way so my next visit doesn't change what I think of the place.
Still looking for that magical taco shop that reminds me of must stop even though traffic is a bitch and $7 parking Olvera St in downtown LA.
But this is good enough for dinner if it happens to be on the way home.
Cant wait to try the breakfast burritos.

This is an unassuming little taco shop that has rockin burritos.
Breakfast burritos, carne asada, chicken and more.
I've yet to be disappointed with the food or the service in general.
Only reason I am not giving this place a 5 out of 5 is due to a couple of times where I had John S.'s issue.
Got a chicken rather than machaka burrito and also got a sausage breakfast burrito rather than a ham another time.
The food was great and these have been rare occasions in my experience, so 4 out of 5.

This place is AWESOME!!!
I ordered the Carne Asada French Fries and they were delicious and there was plenty of it (huge portion).
Pricing is extremely fair!!!
The seating area is SUPER clean, and the food was made very fast!!

The great thing about this place is their carne asada burrito!
Everything else is average.
We've tried different burritos and other menu items and they were just ok.
The last two times we've been here, they've gotten our order wrong and were NOT apologetic - to the point that I feared they might do something to my food for having to correct it.
:0/    Anyhow, if they had better service (maybe a smile or a greeting or a thank you at some point - or how about they just get our order right?
), and we just eat carne asada burritos, this place would get a solid three stars.
Come on, Chandler/Gilbert.... can I get some good fast-food Mexican spots?!
One thing I did notice was that they're open pretty late which would definitely be convenient after a late-night!

Actually stumbled on this place when looking for a cheap, quick mexican joint.
We first went to filiberto's but walked out since the whole place reeked of dirty water.
Their shredded chicken is very good here.
Seasoned right and cooked right.
My girlfriends favorite enchilada / taco place in the east valley thus far.
Their carne asada burrito will probably end out being the best burrito in the east valley for me.
It's very good quality meat, and the burrito is actually a full size burrito.
The meat isn't the typical chewy type that you usually encounter at your fast food mexican joints.
They have a big menu and serve all different types of meats... carnitas, chicken, lengua, carne asada.
Also have quite a few shrimp plates including shrimp cocktail so I'll definitely be trying that.
The prices are your standard fast food mexican prices, which makes this place even better.
If you roll in here drunk and have their carne asada burrito, it's probably nirvana..... be prepared.

LOVE  to eat at this place 5 *s

Had to try this place again because we were very close by and everyone I was with was really craving a breafast burrito.
I saw that there were a fair amount of customers inside - which is most always a good sign.
Ordered 4 breakfast burritos - all pretty good and prices were lower than Filibertos.
The service was much better than my last time visiting - professional, accurate and quick.
Yey!
Not my favorite Mexican fast food but in a pinch and close by, we would definitely stop by again.

Meh.
Carne asada is ok. Just ok. Definitely better than, say, Taco Bell, but nowhere near as good as good ol' Bay Area Mexican food.
Mmmm...

Solid food and very good breakfast burritos.
The sausage and egg with Green sauce does it for me every Sunday.
Quality is always the same and the place seems clean and is very well run.
Everything is made to order and I have never had bad food there.
This place is best for take out or a quick meal but do not expect any atmosphere.
It is more cafeteria style feel for a quick in and out.
The drinks/juice they have there is not to my liking.
They are overly sweet for my taste and even my kids.
That is about the only thing I would stay away from.
Go for the food and you will be happy!

I tried the shrimp cocktail upon the cashiers recommendation...great choice!
They made it fresh, dicing all the vegetables and squeezing the lime right into the cup!
The only thing it was missing was the tostada's.
My wife had the rolled taco plate and she approved.
Brought me back to good California Mexican food!

Two words - "Breakfast Burrito!
" They are cheap, huge & yummy!
Don't forget to ask for the red sauce to heat things up a wee bit.

Best breakfast burrito in the valley.
I have been here dozens of times since I have lived down the street forever and it is an old favorite.
You will not be disappointed.

I wish I would have found this place a lot sooner.
Chicken Chimmy, California Carne Asada burrito, and any breakfast burritos are so tasty.
The beans, rice, and sauce are very authentic.
I did notice it is less greasy and salty than Filbertos.
Overall a great place you will not be disappointed.

I use to frequent this establishment a couple of times a week for a Breakfast Burrito, however, on one of my visits the gal behind the counter seemed to have pink eye.
It's rare that I will go there now...

If you're jones'en for a breakfast buritto, you'll be hard pressed to find a better one anywhere else in the east valley.
What this place lacks in ambiance, they more than make up in taste, selection and value

Well, I've officially eaten at this location for the last time.
Over the last few years, it's gone from good food with nice/funny people working there to decent food with a miserable woman who scowls at you as she takes your order.
We kept coming despite her rudeness because we liked the food/ familiarity.. Until last night.
Ordered a quesadilla and I see that it has clearly been reheated (probably from a to-go order that no one claimed) .
My friend's is piping hot and mine is warm but the cheese is dk orange/oily - like how melted cheese gets when it cools down.
I don't know what's more insulting: getting served old food or them thinking I was going to be too dumb to notice.
Consider hiring someone in the back who isn't too lazy to melt cheese into a tortilla if you want to retain customers.

Cheap Mexican food that hits the spot!
Try the tamales or chili relleno!

I have been coming here for a few years now and it is a great place to grab some quality Mexican food, and for the price, you can't beat it!
I recommend the rolled tacos w/ guacamole or any of the breakfast burritos.

No bueno.
torta was bland,service bland,worst gaucamole ever!!

Breakfast Burrito!
That's as far far as we have made it through what appears to be an extensive menu.
So....
Try the breakfast burrito!

Truly a staple of south Chandler.
One of those places where it's almost impossible to go in there and not see someone that you know

The food is phenomenal and the sauces are magic.
Words can't describe.
Just go and eat.
I've eaten here more than any other restaurant.
This place carries with it more memories then I can count.
My bros and I have spent hours upon hours sitting in this restaurant talking about futures, relationships, and lives.
This place is more than a restaurant.
It's a place where relationships are built.
Just go and eat.

I have eaten here many times and they do not disappoint.
Their breakfast burritos are very good and the sauce they give you is amazing.
I have eaten over half the items on the menu and it is great every time.
The staff is friendly and it is very clean.
Definitely a food staple of the the area.

yummmmmmy

In town for one night and my friend recommended this place for a late night snack.
Ordered the carne asada burrito.
It was.........ok. Not that great but it wasn't that bad.
Got the job done in making me feel bloated and full so no complaints here.

I generally wouldn't review a takeout joint, but an experience this past Sunday just blew me away.
Los Favs has long been our go-to place for Mexican food in a hurry.
Their breakfast burros are the best around.
We were headed out for a day trip on Sunday morning; left the house around 5:35.
We weren't counting on Los Favs to be open, but the light was on and it looked like the open sign was in the window as we approached the corner, so we pulled in.
As we parked out front, we could see they were prepping for their morning, but still closed.
With a sigh, we resigned ourselves to egg McMuffins, and I shifted into reverse, but before I could back out, one of the guys hustled out of the kitchen  to unlock the door and flip the sign from "Closed" to "Open.
" He waved us inside, they whipped up an awesome chorizo burro in minutes and off we went.
THAT is service!

Definitely like others said, try the breakfast burrito!
They are definitely worth it, they are huge and can fill you up.
Looks can be deceiving, because they look small on the menu board, and they will look small when you get it.
You may order two because you feel hungry, but trust me, you will barely be able to finish HALF of one!
They are very fulfilling at all times of day, especially when you're  just looking for something quick and cheap.
The minute you order, they will immediately begin cooking your order in the back, which means, yes, there will be a little bit of a wait.
But the wait is worth it.
OTHER THINGS I RECOMMEND  YOU TRY OUT:   Rolled Tacos- DELICIOUS Nachos Carne Asada w/ beans!

Well, on the way to this location we called and asked the girl who answered the phone which corner of Cooper and Ray they were on and she said she didn't know, hmmm (SE corner BTW).
When we walked in there was a very strong cleaning chemical odor coming from the propped open bathroom.
The decor is very stark and the service less than enthusiastic.
There is a handwritten sign by the "salsa bar" threatening prosecution of any apprehended hot sauce thieves, you are warned!
Food wasn't terrible, just not very good.
Won't be returning.

I love this place.
I always get the Carne Asada California burrito.
It is so good, it has so many different flavors wrapped into a burrito.
Until I started my semi-health kick (I know how can I be on a health kick and eat fast-food Mexican food?
) I used to also get their breakfast burritos.
Their Damn good too!
In the mornings, on a Sunday, this place just gets tons of over the phone orders, so expect a longer wait.
Years ago my friend recommended this place, only it was on Chandler and Dobson.
I like to think of "Los Favs" as a less greasy and cheaper version of Filibertos (though that may not be true).

Just ate here.
Had the 2 carne asada Tacos with rice and beans.
Very fresh and full of good flavor.
Rice and beans are typical nothing special.

It's shocking when AZ yelpers get Mexican food wrong.
The fact that this shit hole has a 4 Star average is comedic.
I took my wife and kids here for the second and last time over the weekend.
I'd ordered the carne asada burro the last time I was here and it was OK for a dive, but nothing special and it didn't taste fresh.
This time was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.
I shudder to call it a "dining experience" at all.
First of all, they had some unhappy, unfriendly, unkempt high school chick working the counter.
She didn't say hello or make a half assed effort to offer decent customer service.
After I sat my family at a dirty table, or at least the cleanest in the place, I reluctantly ordered the pollo asado and rolled tacos.
The rolled tacos tasted like they were frozen and reheated.
Not fresh, bland, boring, and I'm not convinced it was beef.
The pollo asado was also clearly not fresh and the meat looked like turkey pot pie pieces, except this was no comfort food.
These chunks of meat had the consistency of rubber and the color of ash.
And it tasted funny...  That's the best I could describe it, just didn't taste right.
We quickly informed the asshole working at the counter that the food tasted funny and asked if we could get something else.
She looked at me strange, like I farted, then asked me to yell across the room to tell the manager -- while guests were in there eating.
The lazy manager finally stammered over, stared at the food, never making eye contact, and asked, "What do you want me to do?
"  No apology, just a dirty look and some slightly better shitty food.
Stay away from this place.
They don't care about customers.
They don't care about putting out quality food.
You shouldn't care about them.

The food is cheaper than Filibertos and the quality of the tortillas is better.
The beans are most delicious here compared to Filibertos.
The only bad thing I have to say is that is it pretty annoying that they close and lock the doors earlier than their hours of business listed on the door.

This is our local neighborhood go to place.
Its fast food, take out folks, not A fancy sit down with margaritas.
So don't whine when you don't have table cloths and waiters in tuxedos.
The place is  sparkling clean.
Fast take out with big portions.
Yummy, really good fresh food.
Ten years and never an issue.
Tacos, Burritos and combo plates.
We have had it all.
My favorite is the californina carne asada.
Make sure you get guac and carrots on the side.
If you have never ordered the pickled carrots and jalapenos then you are really missing the boat!!
Prices are good considering what you get.
You can find cheaper but can deal with what comes with it.
Also their breakfast burritos are a great early start for weekends.

Customer service was just kind of bleh and the burritos were just kind of bleh.
The kind of food where everything tastes the same.
Bleh

The food here is the bomb.
I mix up the rice and beans.
Then I dump red sauce on all of it.
Then I scoop the mixture onto my california carne asada burrito or my beef tacos.
Then I chug some horchata.
EXQUISITE!!

Forget Filiberto's.
Forget Riva's.
Forget Super Burrito and the countless other fast food Mexican places in the valley.
So what if their fluorescent overhead lighting and cheap plastic booths give you high school cafeteria flashbacks?
If you want atmosphere and more of that family feel, head to Abuelo's or Serrano's nearby.
If you're looking for a perfect breakfast burrito for under $4, Los Favs is the only place that delivers.
The tortillas are always fresh, hot, slightly chewy, and ridiculously good.
Combine that with fluffy eggs, soft potatoes, spicy chorizo (or ham, bacon, sausage, machaca or beans), and a handful of melted mexican blend; what do you get?
A forearm-sized, artery-clogging gift from the gods that's just as good after a night of drinking as it is stone cold sober.
Top if off with their tangy green sauce, and you'll be as addicted as I am.
My only complaint is that they're not open 24/7 so that I can get my burro fix any time of the day!
Here's a tip: call in your order early on a Saturday or Sunday morning for a cheap, delicious breakfast that'll fuel you up for the long day of beer and football ahead.
Cheers!

Love their carne asada nacho supreme!
Craving it right now

WHY IS IT SO UNCOMFORTABLY QUIET IN HERE?
I am obsessed with this place and come here once a week at least!
The food rocks and the service is great.
Buuut...
It is so awkwardly silent!
There is no music and no ambiance whatsoever!
Turn up the jams Los Favs!

The tortilla is perfect, the potato is cooked correctly and they use the right cheese.
Amazing breakfast burritos.
Then top it off with the off the hook green sauce and you have yourself an addiction.
Love this place .

I had a craving for a breakfast burrito this morning, so I got on Yelp  to find a local establishment.
The location at Cooper and Ray is where I chose.
I ordered the chorizo breakfast burrito to go, and it was accurate and delicious.
The cashier was friendly and smiling, even as she answered the phone for the fifth time in the approximately 5 minutes that I waited for my order.
I will be back to try more of the menu.

While not in the same class as Elmers, Paquime, or Polibertos, this particular Los Favs is pretty quality.
The last 5 or so visits have not been disappointing,  and its run the gamut from burritos to breakfast burritos lol.
Go with the chori breakfast burrito w/beans.
Especially if you just ran 4-5 miles.
Anyway, if its too late for elmers, this 'll do

I've been coming to Los Favoritos for years now.
While there's definitely better Mexican restaurants around the valley, Los Favoritos is my favorite place for Mexican in the east valley.
With Los Favoritos being so close to Chandler High, it's always loud and crazy inside.
The atmosphere is nothing to marvel over but service is always great and the food is decent and nicely portioned.
I always get the California carne asada burrito combo with a horchata as my beverage of choice.
The beans and the rice is pretty standard fare but the burrito is money:  That warm tortilla, the nicely seasoned carne asada, the melty cheese, and those potatoes... heaven!
It's especially heavenly after a night of guzzling booze [I still come here sober mind you].
While they offer the basic red and green salsa, it's not exactly spicy enough for my taste but I don't mind too much.
Fair warning for those much-caliente-lovers!

Great food and prices.
This place is always clean,courteous, and fast.
You order at the counter and they call your number.
So not a fancy place but with kids it's great.
I've been going here for years and it  is always delicious.
My favorites are the carne asada tacos and cheese quesadilla.
My kids love the bean burritos.
Has quite a few tables and booths  for seating and high chairs if you need one.
Definitely give this place a try.

Substandard food quality and I rather go to Filibertos for its on the same level, but slightly better

Basically this place is the same as Filibertos, we got the chimichanga and it was delicious.
I don't taste much of a difference from many other Mexican restaurants I've been too but it was good!

Love this food!!

i have been coming to this place since high school.
Everything I have had tastes really good.
My favorites are the Chorizo breakfast burrito and any of the quesadillas.
Most of the locations throughout the valley are good as well.
I usually avoid the one in Tempe though.

Been going to this location for over 5 years now and I am always satisfied with every visit.
I order the carne asada California burrito, it's my favorite.

This is a fantastic Mexican food location!
I have never been disappointed and actually come all the way across town to have their food.

Been coming to this location for 2 years now and they never fail.
The Chorizo breakfast burrito is fantastic along with the tacos.
Actually haven't tried anything yet that I didn't like.
Only drawback is they need some background music, tv or something.
Eerily quiet when dining in.

When you are hungover their breakfast burritos will NEVER fail you.
Great and authentic.

THE INCREDIBLE SHRINKING BREAKFAST BURRITO -- The chorizo breakfast burrito is one of my "treats" I allow myself occasionally and I have enjoyed them for years at this location.
Unfortunately over the last year or so, this amazingly sinful wrap of goodness has deteriorated into an OK breakfast burrito.
Less cheese, less egg, less chorizo (more potatoes) and probably 30% smaller than before.
I understand everybody's gotta make a buck, but I probably won't be spending mine there anymore.

