I'm so happy I could cry.
I just bought a Juicy T-shirt for under 10 bucks!
And a purse and a tank and several pairs of jeans.
All for my pre-teen daughter---the one with champagne & caviar tastes but is stuck in our root beer & pizza family.
My daughter will think I'm a God :)

Natalie W is completely on the money, but not out of it.
My Sister's Closet is a great place to obtain designer togs at an awesome price.
I just purchased a Coach handbag (not a knockoff) in great condition for under $40.
Other than eBay, I can't think of where else I could possibly do that.
This store, in particular, is well-organized and more open than the other locations, making items easier to find.

I was very excited to find this place as you will be when you walk inside and find nice clothes and accessories for even nicer prices!
There are several locations throughout the (east) valley.
Treat yourself.
You will be happy you did.

As a die hard bargain shopper and a long time fan of consignment stores, I absolutely LOVE My Sister's Closet.
I have been to the Scottsdale stores as well as the Camelback location and feel that neither are consistently as good as the Chandler store.
On my last two visits I have found a beautiful suit, one DKNY in taupe and one Anne Klein in Black/White pinstrip.
Not only did they both look and fit fabulously, but they were between $20 to $30 EACH.
These are ridiculous bargains!!!!
I also found an adorable denim jacket in some designer brand I never heard of for $10 and a really hot gold sweater (BCBG) for $12.
Not only are there regular prices amazing, but when the whole store is an ADDITIONAL 30 to 50 percent off, it's beyond fun.
My mother will be visiting at the end of March and the first place she wants to go is My Sister's Closet!

like plato's closet, i've only sold here so my review is on the selling experience alone.
basically you bring your clothes in, and they sort through them deciding which ones they will sell for you.
every time i've gone to this location, they've quoted a 5 to 10 minute wait and finished within the quoted range.
i like that they are quick.
i like that they usually take most of my stuff.
i like that they will donate the rejects for me.
what i don't like is that they are not very friendly or welcoming or appreciative of me bringing in my clothes for them to make money off of.
i also don't like the whole idea of consignment because i never really know what sold and what they got for it and what they gave me.
you just go back a few weeks later and check your account to see if you've earned any money.
there's a lot of trust involved.
ebay is definitely the way to go if you really want to get the most for your clothes, but if you don't have time this is an ok alternative.

I flippin LOVE this place!!
Granted, most resale stores are 'hit or miss' but I never seem to 'miss' with MSC!!
They have TONS of name brand clothing, shoes, purses, and accessories!
True Religion, Se7en, Juicy, Coach, D&G, the list goes on and on!
Of course, you'll have to search for what you're looking for but even with the store being 'picked over' today (70% off sale making room for their fall apparel debut tomorrow!!
), I was able to find a pair of Aldo sandals for $4.89!!
I also found some Lucky jeans, a JunkFood Tshirt, and a pair of D&G sunglasses!

I can't believe how My Sister's Closet (MSC) treated my niece.
You be the judge:  Niece is engaged; buys $700 wedding dress; fiance calls off the wedding.
Niece takes gown to MSC to consign and is told they will price the gown "at about $300" of which niece will get 1/2.
Less than 2 weeks after consigning the gown niece goes to retrieve it from MSC (they say you can take back your clothes anytime) and is told it has been sold.
WOW that's great we say.
HOWEVER come to find out the store put the gown on the floor for $195 (NOT the near $300 they had indicated) and THEN had a 1/2 off sale right after niece consigned the dress so the gown sold for $100 and niece got a whopping $50.
ARE YOU BELIEVING THAT BEHAVIOR?
That is unacceptable any way you look at it.
And MSC won't budge.
They won't admit they promised to put it on sale for the $300 price tag and they failed to tell her they would be having a 1/2 off anything in the store sale right after she consigned it.
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER with a shop like this and believe me I have told ALL my friends to never ever shop there again.
As if the heartbreak of the breakup itself wasn't bad enough, the store has the audacity to sell the dress for next to nothing and act like they were entitled to do it.
I say NEVER AGAIN shop MSC.
We approached them nicely to make good on the deal and the manager said SORRY.

I love this place!
If you want amazing deals on designer shoes or handbags, this is the place for you!
I managed to score one hell of deal on a beautiful pair of Manolo Blahniks - less than $100!
You can find some real gems there!

Wayyyy Overrated!
I assume the "Sister's closets" that sell furniture are far better--The clothing one I went to was o.k~ It wasn't great.
I will say that, the appeal is that you can find designer duds for less.
I just don't want stuff that is so terribly outdated, that I would have to wait an entire season just to wear then again.

I haven't been to this location in some time, but wanted to swing by since I was in the market for some clothes, and felt like it was time do some shopping.
The place is in a strip mall, and seems to have a nice variety of clothing, from jeans, to work clothes, they seem to have a little bit of everything.
Prices are fair, but sometimes I came across a tag that was a bit pricey, but mostly the stuff here is affordable.
I picked up 2 cute tops, both were Liz Claiborne, and were only $7.95 each.
I was disappointed because I was also looking for a nice pair of khaki's, but didn't have any luck.
They had tons of black slacks, and capri's, but no khakis!
Somewhat dissapointed, but I still had a good time.
I will be back in the future, as they seem to have a nice selection of name brand items and most of it is reasonably priced.
They also carry shoes, purses, some jewelry and I even saw a few prom like dresses too!
(puffy shiny satin dresses that no one over the age of 16 would be caught wearing!
LOL)

I've brought in clothes twice.
The first time things went smoothly.
The second time they didn't put my stuff under my account.
I walked around the store and none of my stuff was there, so obviously sold.
One word of Advice make sure you don't leave the area where you drop off  your clothes until you have a receipt in hand and don't lose that receipt.

While I have never bought anything here, I have consigned clothing and shoes here several times.
I use this as my "fun fund" by always stopping by here with my clothes before I head off to donate them.
They tend to only take designer/brand name stuff, which makes sense.
You drop off your stuff, they look through it and tell you how many items they want to keep to sell, hand you a receipt and then come back a few months later (maybe sooner...depends) and pick up cash.
Gotta love it.
They are friendly and seems to be a well run store.

This store is quite nice, but not as nice looking as the Scottsdale and Lincoln Road one.
I would say it looks like Macy's and the other one looks like Sak's.
Also, the merchandise is comparable to the respective stores.
However the sales people here are a lot nicer, personable, and a lot more helpful.
Lina has always remembered me as well as a few other women.
They price things fairly should you chose to consign.
Also, their prices are very reasonable.
It is much better to shop here than to go to the mall and buy the same dress from Black and White Market for 3X's as much!
I wish I had found this place years ago!

I visit this store about once a month.
I have found a few good deals here.
Last week I visited and found lots of clothing damaged.
Specifically, many of the cashmere sweaters had holes in them.
I wouldn't even think they would take this in on consignment and try to sell it!
Some nice blouses with very dainty buttons has the buttons torn off.
Anyway, just look everything you intend to buy over very carefully as there are no returns.
Also, the store at Scottsdale and Lincoln is much better.

Definitely not as good as the scottsdale one.
Lots of middle aged type women (hello Chico's!
) in here.
My main criticism is that the racks are set up to be organized, but are not.
I shouldn't be weeding through size 10 stuff in the small section.
I'm not sure if shoppers are moving stuff around and staff never checks it, or if items are arbitrarily placed wherever.

Very disappointed!
I was told they aren't taking Plus size clothing anymore, some kind of corporate decision.
I'm appalled!
Why would you exclude an entire market??
A very stupid decision on their part and gross discrimination!
Where are plus size women supposed to go to consign/buy nice clothing?
I would urge any woman who is or once was plus-sized to boycott this company!

I can't find one good thing to say about this particular store.
I've been in a handful of times and if the service isn't poor, the selection definitely is.
I've never found one piece of clothing in excellent condition.
Most of it is poor to good at best.
I've seen shirts hanging with stains, stitching that's unraveling, clothes that is old or outdated.
The very worst part to a brand name snob like myself is I have seen brands such as Old Navy, Mossimo and Xhileration (Target!
) hanging.
If you want to market yourself as a high end designer resale store, might want to improve the offerings you have for sale.
And to the women that have the lady balls to act snotty  while working in a consignment store, please remember.
I am bringing you my ACTUAL high end brand clothing that I don't even WANT anymore.
Please adjust your attitudes.

For those looking for a designer bargain, but would rather not drive the 30 miles to the Scottsdale location, this My Sister's Closet is sometimes the diamond in the rough.
Because most of the super nice stuff migrates north, there aren't as many high high end merchandise, however don't let this prevent you from checking it out.
I have found many a good deals on Free People, Ella Moss, Rich and Skinny, Paige, etc.
If you are in the area don't over look this awesome spot.
I just bought a vintage mini-cross body leather D&B for $14!

I finally found designer labels at my much loved discount prices!
I love Coach, Kate Spade, and other designer purses...they have them all.
(Only thing I didn't see was a Chloe.
)  The selection is great and the prices are good.
This will be a place I will frequent often.

Awesome place to get a bargain!
Just came back and I was pleasantly surprised, I came on a sale day, so I got an extra discount!
What should have been $19.01, I got my adorable Juicy shirt (looks like new!
) and perfect simple dark green platform designer heels for only $16!
The selection is in the middle, they have something for everyone, you just have to look around.
Clothes for 20 somethings up to 50 years of age.
It smelled pleasant, and the clothes didn't stink!
I tried on maybe 10 tops and none of which smelled.
Only a faint shampoo smell at worst.
It was cool and comfortable, dressing rooms are clean, modern, and look just like a closet :).
I didn't get to browse the purses and bags, the shoes looked to be in good condition.
I deduct one point because of the layout, and I found clothes with stains, and tears.
But its a good place when you want to scratch your shopping itch, but still short on money.

I love my sisters closet.
It has nice selection and although they weren't consigning plus size anymore.
They reversed their decision  and are consigning plus size again.
Which was a good thing to bring back.
The selection is good in all categories.
It's a great treasure hunt :)

I don't know why I waited so long to check this place out.
I've been to Plato's Closet a bunch of times and I can't ever find anything there.
This place was great.
I got two great casual dresses, and I can't wait to go back and look again.
The employees were very nice and friendly too.
:-)

This place is okay but not great.
Definitely not on par with the other My Sister's Closets that I've been to.
I hate to say it but this particular location just doesn't take the same quality or brands of clothes as at other locations.
And the people who decide what to (or to NOT) take should really take a second to take a WHIFF of the clothes, because some of them smell like serious B.O., cigarette smoke, or of some other woman's perfume.
Blech!
I've seen clothes with hems coming loose, pilling (especially at the arm pits), arm pit stains, zippers that don't work, stains.
Even the purses are often stained or obviously worn and old looking - I just can't figure this place out!
I've even, unfortunately, purchased a thing or two that had a blemish or other problem and once you walk out the door it's your problem, no returns.
The nice thing is that they have terrific, friendly, helpful staff and you can occasionally find a nice staple (they tend to carry a lot of Ann Taylor Loft, I know my size and everything so that's easy and thrilling when that happens) or fun little splurge.
Definitely a place to try but at least half the time I walk out empty handed despite my best efforts to find something.

BEWARE.....
I have been in this store quite a few times to check out their inventory.
They have super cute clothes, not always appropriately priced in my opinion.
I mean when I see a pair of jeans priced for $40 that you could buy new for about the same price, it is a little disheartening.
The other HUGE problem I have with this place is-        I HAVE FOUND SOOOOOOO MANY COUNTERFEIT  "DESIGNER" PURSES IN THEIR STORES.
During one trip I was able to identify 9 counterfeit Coach purses.
Many of them were so clear that they were not real that I was absolutely amazed.
So I made it a point to let the associates know.
I was told they would check the inventory.
This did not happen.
3 weeks later when I went in they still had fakes out, many selling for $50-130.
THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE RIP OFF, IF THEY CAN NOT PROPERLY AUTHENTICATE THESE PURSES THEY SHOULD NOT SELL THEM.
**BEFORE YOU PURCHASE A "DESIGNER PURSE" FROM THEM, GET ONLINE AND PROPERLY AUTHENTICATE YOUR HANDBAG.
IF YOU ARE LOOKING AT A COACH PURSE, SIMPLY GO TO GOOGLE AND ENTER COACH STYLE AND THE LAST 4 DIGITS OF THE SERIAL NUMBER LOCATED ON THE PATCH.
THIS WILL LET YOU KNOW IF IT IS REAL OR NOT.
FOR ANY OTHER ONES, MAKE THEM PROVE TO YOU THAT THEY ARE INDEED AUTHENTIC PURSES**  I hope this helps women to not be ripped off.
I do want to add that I do not think they are selling fakes intentionally- I just think their staff is not properly trained to authenticate handbags.
I guess it will take a lawsuit for them to shape up.

I have only been here once, and I was not impressed.
It had a very small section for the high end designer brands, and most of the items were worn and frankly pretty ugly.
The majority of the store was filled with Chico's and Coldwater Creek type clothing.
It seems to be geared towards an older crowd.
It wasn't my cup of tea, and I walked out empty handed.

Good location and ok selection.
I go in there hoping to find some good gems but I haven't had much luck there.
I usually have more luck at the other locations.
The staff isn't there to help and if you want to see something, you'll have to wait a little bit to get someone's attention.
The store is stocked with lower end things and the higher end items are usually older and out of date.

Appears to be a store where it is trendy to be "thrift".
A lot of cute stuff, however not true thrift prices.
Many of the bargains were only shade below retail or at retail.
As a veteran thrifter just moved here from CA was excited to visit store.
Goods are presented well, nice bright store, a lot of nice high end purses (my weakness), however if you are a true bargain shopper looking for your latest find to brag about this is not that kind of place.
Good for off retail prices and a great selection of clothes.

I shop at My Sister's Closet at least once a month and also take my clients and friends there for personal shopping appointments.
I have found many pieces from Chico's, J. Jill, Banana Republic, Jones New York and other boutique brands for $9 to $15.
My most recent trip with a client yielded five quality pieces to add to her business wardrobe for less than  $100.
I always go to MSC if I am looking for a specific piece because I know I can find quality, unique pieces for a fraction of the cost.
In fact, I am going tomorrow to look for dress pants because I know I can get three pairs for what I would pay for one pair elsewhere.
I don't usually shop the high-ends designer brands, nor do I consign there, but I have had only positive experiences there and will continue to return, and refer other people to go, too.

DO NOT CONSIGN WITH THEM!
I took a Gucci handbag and two pairs of Christian Louboutin heels in last December '13.
All items were less than a year old and in excellent condition.
I'm moving out if state so I went back to retrieve my shoes that I knew hadn't sold yet because there was no money in my account and the manager told me they had DONATED THEM.
She said they were unable to authenticate them even though I took them in with the original box and receipts with my name and signatures on them.
She told me they had tried to call me to let me know but didn't hear back from me so they donated them.
I went as far as contacting my cell provider to check against my call logs and I had never received a call or email from them EVER.
I had even been in a few weeks prior to retrieve the money from my Gucci bag being sold and nobody mentioned any of this to me then.
Where exactly does one donate Louboutin heels to anyway?
I am furious.
I could have sold them on eBay myself for at least $500 ea.
I have contacted the better business bureau and I encourage anyone else who this has happened to to do the same.
It isn't fair to us who generously allow them to make a profit off our expensive purchases, and give others the opportunity to own these designer pieces, to then be scammed and ripped off in such a dishonest way.
The Gucci bag I took in only had the dust bag with it yet they sold it without any problem.
Their explanations don't hold up and I regret ever going there.

Fabulous store, great prices on genuine designer merchandise.
I stop in every week to browse and the staff is always so friendly and helpful.
Robyn is one of my all time favorite staff members.
Today I bought a 14k ankle bracelet, Coach sandals (brand new) and a Lulu Lemon tank all for under $100 including tax.
Happy customer here.

I came back because I was in the area while my oil was getting changed and I had time to kill.
This time, there was a much greater selection and I ended up walking out with a dress and some yoga pants.
About a week later, I was there again and purchased a top an a swimsuit cover up.
I guess it depends on the time of year that you go as far as the selection goes.
Employees have a bit of an attitude- thy spend most of their time talking to each other and seem annoyed when you "interrupt" their conversation to ask a question.
Oh well, I guess you can't get both good customer service and fashion steals- if I have to pick one, I'll take the latter!

I love going to MSC in Chandler.
I especially love it when I see Robyn there because she is friendly, so helpful and yet so professional.
It's fun to go through the clothes and find a treasure at a reasonable price.
They have a good selection of handbags too.
I come here at least once a week and look through all the new items.

I visit this location frequently.
I absolutely love the selection and the friendly staff.
My mom and I are here weekly and Robyn is always a tremendous help.
The store is fabulous, they have great pricing and i love that you can authenticate any designer bags you purchase.
I bought a MK watch on Saturday and I LOVE it!
Great store, great experience.

I usually don't write reviews, but I felt that the earlier reviews don't accurately reflect them now.
Today, June 27, 2014, I have successfully consigned two items with them.
They were professional, courteous and efficient.
They didn't ask me to write this review, but I felt compelled to.
I have browsed through their items.
The prices look consistent with high end consignment.
Designer is pricey but basics seem to run $10-$20.
Good selection of Coach bags ranging from  $25- $100.

