I had heard about the 99 cent shrimp cocktails at this place for a long time now but had never gone to try it.
Well this time we made it a point to give it a try.
Hubby and I both got one while lil guy was fixated on the foot long hot dog and the spam musubi.
The foot long hot dog was a great deal.
For about $2.50 you get the dog plus a drink.
The spam musubi was also pretty tasty although the nori was chewy because the lady warmed it up, but the flavor was good.
The shrimp cocktail had way too much sauce on it.
The shrimp was so overpowered by the sauce I couldn't even taste the shrimp.
There is some chopped up lettuce, onions, celery at the bottom to give it flavor, but again, TOO much sauce.
If you plan to go, ask the woman NOT to add more sauce to the already sauced cocktail.
Otherwise, your shrimps will be drowning and crying out for help.
The other thing is, these shrimps are so damn small you can barely taste them.
Go to Costco and get their shrimp cocktail for $10 and eat to your heart's content!
This place also serves saimin and oxtail soup for those of you craving Hawaiian fare.
Otherwise, they are a Chinese fast food place -- I wouldn't eat the Chinese here -- and it's only okay to just grab a snack.
Don't plan on having a meal, you'll be disappointed.

Inside the Fremont Casino downtown this casino snack bar serves up chinese fast food & fresh made hot sandwiches.
Hot dog,fries & drink $2.95, 2 item chinese combo $5.99, French Dip & waffle fries plus a drink $6.99.
French Dip was suprisingly good, waffle fries were fresh & crisp.
Chinese was not so good.
Definitely a good spot to know of if your downtown drinking & on a budget or craving some chinese.

We were starving at about 4AM and it didn't look like we had too many choices.
Most of the snack bars were closed, even the shrimp cocktail bar at Golden Gate.
My friend saw the sign for Dunkin' Donuts and got a craving so we headed into the Fremont.
He got his donuts, but my other friend and I decided we wanted some hot food so we headed to Lanai Express.
There was a bit of a line, probably because they were the only fast food at that time of night, and there was a guy begging for food.
When the staff saw him, they immediately started yelling at him and called security who took him away.
During late night, they do not serve Chinese food.
You can still get the hot dog, shrimp cocktails, musabi, and a few other items.
There is also a breakfast menu.
The steak and eggs was pretty cheap, but it seemed like everyone was ordering that and since the steaks are cooked to order, there was a bit of a wait.
We decided to get the breakfast plates instead.
It consisted of 2 eggs, biscuit or bread, hashbrowns, and sausage or bacon.
We went with the scrambled eggs since they had a big tray of those so we wouldn't have to wait for eggs.
It didn't look like anything special, but it tasted a lot better than it looked.
A pretty good deal for a cheap, fast meal.

I cant speak for any of their other food here except the late night breakfast menu egg sandwich with bacon.
SERIOUSLY?!!!!
Me and my friends had one (each) at 3:30 am, and it was THE most delicious egg sandwich this side of the rockies.
The place doesn't look much more than a fast food chinese counter, but the eggs were fried, the swiss cheese melty, and the bacon crispy delicious, all served on a buttery piece of toast.
OMG we actually went back the next night at 3:00am, YEAH IT WAS THAT GOOD.
perfect comfort food for the drunken hearted.

LOVE this place!
I go here when I'm craving a French dip.
They have a combo, which includes the sandwich, waffle fries, and a drink for $6!!
It's filling and reallyyy good.
You do have to wait a bit longer for it though.
They mix the Coke there quite well.
Also they have a 99 cent shrimp cocktail, and their Chinese combo plates aren't bad.
The prices on everything are extremely reasonable.
Lanai Express is a gem if you're Downtown.

Update: they have changed the French dip special.
It is now $5.99 for the sandwich and REGULAR fries (no more waffle fries, SOOO disappointing), no drink included now so you would have to pay for that separately :( It's not a big enough price difference to make me boycott their kickass French dip and fries but it's disappointing that there is no combo that includes a drink now.
I have changed my mind on their "Chinese" food as well.
I'm not imagining it, in all truth I get a really bad headache when I eat it.
I don't know what they use to make it but it's happened numerous times and the only variable is eating that food.
So no more Chinese entrees for me.
The French dip is delicious and I've never had a problem with it.
They still have a decent variety of foods and awesome breakfast specials from midnight til 7 am.
Their breakfast potatoes and bacon are really good, and for lunch I sometimes get a chili dog or a chili bowl.
Mm!

Wow, people in Las Vegas must be on crack to give this place 3 stars.
My 1 star is being generous.
I stayed at the Freemont last year and on the first day just wanted to grab something quick to eat so I got some chinese food from here.
This is the worst chinese food I have ever eaten.
The egg rolls were disgusting.
Actually, everything they served was disgusting.
I ended up throwing the food away.
Avoid this place at all cost.
You better off starving to death then eating here.

Try the Oxtail Soup Combo!
Tucked inside the Fremont hotel in downtown Vegas, this little hole-in-the-whole, fast food, Panda-Express-like place fitted in perfectly with the rest of the downtown scene.
No glitz, no frills, just an authentic, real, and delicious experience.
Plastic utensils, wooden throw-away chopsticks, seating that would put Subway to shame...The staff was incredibly friendly, joked with us, and teased us as we asked them about the oxtail soup.
Yes, that's right.
Oxtail soup.
We came here specifically to find this delicacy, and were not disappointed in the least.
Tender, tasty, hunky meat that falls off the bone with the touch of a spoon.
Topped with a good handful (or two if you're nice) of shiitake mushrooms and fresh-cut cilantro, this amazing meal befriends your wallet at a mere $7.95 (with or without white rice)!
In conclusion, try the oxtail soup combo!

wow, well lets just say it makes Panda express look like a fancy gourmet dinner.
I was starving and i wasn't craving anything while i was walking down Downtown Las Vegas.
Actually me and my girlfriend couldn't decide what to eat so basically we ended up here.
We saw the chinese food and it looked alright and took a chance anyway.
We also saw the .99 cent shrimp cocktails so we got one of those too.
The chinese food was terrible, probably because it had been sitting on the heater for a while.
The shrimp cocktail wasn't too bad and better than the chinese food.

Offering everything from Chinese food to pizza to burgers, this eatery is good if you need something in a hurry and don't have high expectations.
Quite frankly, I haven't dared try the Chinese food.
I did have a cheeseburger and shrimp cocktail recently.
The shrimp cocktail, at 99 cents, is a bargain and is much improved over the one I had here years ago.
The burger was over cooked, and I had a fairly long wait to be served with my burger.

if i could give a negative star i would this has to be the worst Chinese food i have ever eaten.
the S&S pork and chicken were like rubber.
The something beef was cut the wrong way so it was almost imposable to cut.
I learned to clean my plate well not this time nor my wife PS.
Chowmein was oily and no flavor

Pretty cool little cheap place.
For some reason every time we come here it's always way to packed to dine in.
It might be because there are 3 other restaurants that share a dine in spot.
It's darn hard to find a seat to eat at after ordering your food.
Well almost every time we come to fremont street, we come to check this little joint out.
They serve Hawaiian food here along with what my son always gets, the spam masubi.
Every time I come here too I always order the same thing, 99cents shrimp cocktail.....yummmy.
I also heard that their oxtail soup here is good to, but I've yet to try it.
Besides the fact that it's hard to find a seat to eat your food, and how long the line is every time we come here (and sometimes, just sometimes they run out of spam masubis) but other than that food is good here and I will continue to come here when we go to Fremont St.   99 cent cocktail shrimp for the win!

Late night dining -   After a night of casino hopping we ended up here, its in the Fremont Hotel & casino.
Small little place, with only a couple of tables to sit at.
I went with the Breakfast plate - rice, portuguese sausage, eggs, and a biscuit all for like $5 and they give a lot of portuguese sausage.
The food was ehhh - the eggs were cold, the rice was cold - I'm sure we could've found a better place to eat at.
The Fremont hotel does have a Dunkin Donuts there - so I was pretty stoked.
But I would skip this place.

Fast food restaurant smack dab in the middle of the Fremont Casino.
Inexpensive reliable food ranging from breakfast to Chinese food to hawaiian saimin - often very crowded as patrons are often slow to make decisions on what to eat, so the line backs up.
Hours from 11am to 7am.
They close for a couple hours after the early breakfast crowd.
Highlights: Chinese plates for $5.99 - great deal, generous portions Hot dogs - huge dogs!
Suitable for sharing.
Shrimp cocktail - 99cent special with baby shrimp (note, spicy kick to the sauce!
) Saimin - (for Hawaiians - akin to S&S brand saimin), -nice portion.

Cheap and good food.
Had the chili dog this time.
What a deal $3.99 for a huge chili dog.
Tasted pretty good too.
They also have Chinese food here.

Not the place to host your wedding but as a place to get late night food to soak up cocktails this fits the bill.
Truthfully if you are picky not the place for you but not many casino cafes open w a full menu late night anymore.

They could use some more healthy options, but they do have a fruit platter, in a pinch its one of the few healthy things you can eat on fremont street.
However I go here usually to grab a spam musubi, or a graveyard special.
Careful, the spam musubi is thrown into the microwave inside plastic wrap so its super hot when you get it.
steam can burn!
I like their chinese food too but unless you get the combo, its kind of expensive.
footlong hot dog and coke is a good deal though.
and after midnight specials.

Think Panda Express, cause that's pretty much what it is.
Same kinds of food, same serving style.
The Chinese food was surprisingly good and very inexpensive ($5.99 for 2 entree).
After midnight, they start serving breakfast and for $5.99, you get a heaping portion of whatever breakfast items you want.
They also have a hot dog and soda deal, which is insanely cheap.
My brother lived on them the last time we stayed there.
So, if you're looking for fast, inexpensive, but good food, this is the place for you!

For a quick light snack, who couldn't want a spam musubi?
This place has just that, they also serve Chinese food individual portions or by the combination plate, they have breakfast food and some fruits.
They are easily accessed just inside the Fremont Casino.
The food is decent, prices are fairly cheap, and the spam musubi, well, go try it yourself!

I don't remember coming here, but obviously I did because I checked in AND there were containers in my room the following morning full of loco moco and teriyaki beef.
:) None of it had been eaten yet...lol so take this review with a grain of salt.
In our alcohol hang over stupor, we ate all of the food even though it was cold.
We were starving!
It's probably better when it is hot.
It reminded me of something I would get at a small mom and pop shop around the corner.
Not great, but not bad.
The loco moco was kind of bland.
The teriyaki beef was better.
This place gets an extra star for being convenient since I was staying at the fremont.
It's a panda express type of situation.
I vaguely remember them heating up food  in the microwave for people in front of me, which would usually turn me off, but at the time, I didn't really care.

What made me get a high rating was the oxtail soup!
Sooooooooooooo good.
That is a must try.
And also those huge ass hot dogs.
Do the chili cheese way.
One more thing is the steak and eggs for $6.99 is amazingly delicious.
The only bad thing is that the workers are kinda rude but food makes up for it.

Awesome snack-food and fast-food place!
We wound up here while waiting out the midnight special at Tuscany, after arriving at 7PM.
Blind luck, I saw the ad for 99 cent shrimp cocktail and decided to see if it was true.
Was it ever!
The shrimp are kinda small but you get plenty of 'em in a plastic cup.
Cocktail sauce on the bottom so eat as much or as little as you want.
What'cha want for 99 cents?
This fit the bill well.
But there's more!
The jumbo hot dog is truly huge, and my kid loved it.
$3.50 or so for a hot dog and soda.
My wife had a pretty-good French Dip.
There was more we didn't try, but it looked like you could come several times and not repeat a menu choice.
This place is a good reason to come into the Fremont hotel and since they're treating you so well, why not stay and gamble a bit?

It's decent food downtown, but the service is lackluster half the time and the chow mein is either dry or super soggy.

Not the worst food that I've ever had, but quite far from the best.
It was greasy and my broccoli was cold.
Mushrooms had an odd texture.
I wouldn't eat there again if I had a choice.
The orange chicken and fried rice were good, but I wouldn't recommend the noodles.
They offer sushi.
It looked like it has been there for days.
They do have food other than the Chinese food.

You can't go wrong with an edible $.99 shrimp cocktail in Vegas, right?
You may not get too many shrimp and there's lots of sauce on the bottom to fill the cup but at least try this once if you're in the area.
It's not amazing but come on it's a $.99 shrimp cocktail in Vegas, gotta try that at least once.

WORST SERVICE EVER!
The lady at the counter was super rude.
"Operations manager" was arguing with an old lady loudly at the table next to us and when I mentioned my problem to him, he just walked away without saying anything.
Maybe cause they're in a casino they don't really care about customer service because there's always another tourist that doesn't know better to stop by but I'm a local and will definitely never return.
Food was meh.

The service is okay but the food was over salted (MSG) some.
Late night they get really busy and it feels like a fast food place.
Not many options late at night so this will do.

$.99 shrimp cocktail tastes really great as a snack and my wallet is enjoying it too!
Actually I didnt know this was in which hotel.
Now I know this is in Fremont Hotel.

I had the 2 choice meal with chow mein.
The orange chicken was just alright and the beef broccoli was bland.
The noodles were also pretty tasteless.
Tables were plentiful and clean.
Service was polite, friendly and quick.
Even buying the meal with player club points seemed like a waste.
There are better deals and food within walking distance.
Do yourself a favor an don't be lazy.. find a meal worth your time.

One of the best deals in Downtown!!
Yes, go for the oxtail soup or the saimin.
And who cares about the service!
It's a fast food joint!
And thank GOD, one of the few places in Vegas that still has late night specials, like breakfast items!!!!!
Their Chinese food is OK.  About the same as what you would find at Panda Express.
And hands down, the best deal in town for a good footlong hot dog!!!
It's a shame you can't find this on the Strip!
I don't even know if Slots O Fun still has it.

This place is located inside Fremont Hotel in Downtown Vegas next to Dunkin Donuts.
I had the 2 choice meal with half Chow Mein/half Fried RIce, Orange Chicken, and Beef with Broccoli.
The chow mein and fried rice was good, the orange chicken had too much batter, and the beef with broccoli was alright.
It definitely doesn't beat Panda Express, but it'll do for late night food!
If you want something that's inexpensive and a pretty big meal, this is the place to go!

