Visited the Tied House on Superbowl Sunday, only to realize that our party were the only customers in the place who weren't friends of the owner.
As a result, a server came by perhaps three times, and we could never tell if the staff were working or were there to drink.
Food-wise, standard but good brew-pub food, very good beers, including the amber ale and stout.
Warning: smoking is allowed in the restaurant.

It's really not as bad as it's made out to be by some.
I know, faint praise, but overall it's a good addition to the Verona area.
The Pub Club is actually really good, at $7.95 with fries, not overpriced.
Burgers are a little high for what they are- $9.95 for a bacon cheeseburger is ambitious, but not quite outrageous.
Service at the bar is fine, the crowd is light when I've been there.
Plenty of TV's if that's your thing.

I ate here with my mother, husband and 2 year old.
It was ok.  Service was not good.
Took longer than most places to place order, no one came to check on us, provided only partial components of the kid's meal (and shame on Gray's for offering only fountain drinks on the kids' menu; also fries come with some kids meals but applesauce only with others) and slow appearance to clear and give check.
Also did not offer a box for more than half the food on the plate (which wasn't really a loss since the mac and cheese was a glob of box-looking M/C).
I had the chicken pesto sandwich, which was fine, but nothing unique.
What I really liked was the selection of their sodas and surprised that they had diet root beer and diet cream soda.
I wish they would serve with a glass though.
I would go back since it's probably the best thing going in Verona.

Had 2 for 1 burger special on Mondays.
Burgers were really fresh.
Plenty of variety and toppings were generous.
The cheese curds, with a lighter beer batter, were also excellent.
They don't have the largest tap selection and we only ordered the porter, which also was good.
The service was slower than usual, but they told us that when we ordered (not sure if there was something wrong in the kitchen or what), and it wasn't a big deal.
Atmosphere similar to the Dane except slightly more relaxed.

Great tap selection!
Wait staff was very good and pretty quick.
They have a great patio area and I am a sucker for sitting outside!
I ordered the BYO burger w/ all of the options (cheese, sauteed mushrooms, sauteed onions and bacon).
Upon arrival the burger had cheese, sauteed mushrooms, onions straws and sauteed green and red peppers and no bacon.
I HATE green peppers so I sent the burger back explaining the green pepper situation and the no bacon.
The burger came back with no bacon and the green/red peppers picked off because the entire thing still tasted like green peppers.
I gave up and just picked all of the onions, mushrooms and cheese off.
The burger was delicious as were the sweet potato frieds.
I would go back but specify EXACTLY what I wanted on my burger.

We went here to see a band and ended up wanting some dinner as well.
I would say the food was fine.
The beer was really good.
We had some cheese curds for an appetizer and they were good except they were way too salty.
I had the pesto chicken and it was good.
It wasn't really any different than what I might make at home, though.
Our server was really friendly and attentive.

This is a very nice bar and restaurant.
Great atmosphere, great beer and some very good dishes.
I once had a fish dinner on a friday night that was very good.
We once ordered burgers to go and those weren't as good as we expected.
I have always had good service here.
Not excellent but good.

The Busted Knuckle Irish Ale and the stone fired pizza make this a worthwhile destination.
Only reason I didn't rate it higher is I've only tried two different dishes and they've both been pizza, so I can't speak to the rest of the menu.
The onion rings though are most excellent too!

I haven't been here in almost two years.
The beers were pretty awesome, but it wasn't worth the headaches I'd experienced with lazy staff and bland food.
If you're going here to have a few drinks and eat something that a line cook couldn't possibly do wrong, this is the right place.
If you're coming here for dinner - in fact if you expect to sit anywhere but at the bar - skip it.

I had a very unpleasant exchange with the owner/manager today.
I would not recommend this place to anyone- there are better options.
Trust me.

I live in walking distance but I still skip it due to the poor service.
They have plenty of staff but they are unsupervised and not very attentive.
I had two visits in a row where I was seated and forgotten.
I usually have to walk to the bar to get service.
The food is fine if you can get the staff to serve it.
One final note they do not take discover if that is your card of choice.

I recently scheduled two private parties here and both were huge successes.
The first one was a small intimate get together to celebrate my daughter's college graduation and the staff was tremendous.
They rocked it and made my daughter's day.
The second one was a company party and from the moment I walked in when I saw one of my favorite bartender's (Heidi) hand stuffing my bleu cheese stuffed olives for my martinis, I knew it was going to be another home run.
The food was fantastic and the service was out of this world.
It's all good...

Torn between three and four stars.
Generally the service is pretty good and and the food is decent.
This place is pretty good but not overly inspiring.

My husband and I were here last night and we thought our mushroom burger and taco pizza were both tepid and mediocre-tasting.
We waited 30 minutes for this food and the place wasn't even busy at the time we ordered it, which was 5 pm.
The great beer and friendly bartenders saved the night, though.
On two other occasions, we had the pulled pork sandwich and the buffalo chicken wrap.
Both were not good.
We also both watched members of the Electric Blue band bully Brandon Beebe into ending his set early so they could set up their eleven tons of unnecessary equipment.
We stayed for one Electric Blue song and didn't care to hear more.
Honestly, the place is good for a beer and to watch sports on the big screens but that's about it.
The facility is nice but I'm really surprised that the food continues to be bad.

Gray's has a great atmosphere---we love the deck and the live acoustic music on Thursday evenings during the summer!
The beers are pretty good (I love their Rock Hard Red...which isn't really a beer but it's a must-try if you're there)!
The menu is diverse and generally tasty and I've never had a bad experience there.
I'm docking a point because I would love to see Gray's switch up how they offer live music!
They seem to have some great acts but it seems like the band or performer is always stuck in the corner (when performing indoors).
For as much live music as they have---and for how large the facility is---it seems crazy to me that a more distinctive area wasn't designed for such occasions.
Anytime we've gone there for live music we've either been unable to see or had to sit in the dining area (which doesn't have a view and the sound is lost).
Anyways, no general complaints---if you're in the area it's a great place to check out and enjoy a few pints at!

The atmosphere may be what you'd expect of a bar in the middle of a suburban development, but the food and drink are pretty good.
Our friends love their beer, we gushed over their root beer.
The malted berry drink was perfect for lightweights.
The Wisco Porker pizza was tasty and full of meat - just as you would want and expect.
Nice bonus - Free shots after touchdowns during Badger games.
Woop!

I've been here at least 10 times.
Mainly because of the convenience of going someplace with a decent atmosphere close to home.
There's not much to choose from in Verona!
When they first opened (2007?
) it was OK, but not great.
Then it got really bad - horrible service, bad food, etc.
But, we gave it another try last year and the food was great - a noticeable and positive difference in the kitchen, the service was prompt, and overall we had a really nice meal.
Now (2012) we go here on a regular basis and always have a good meal and good service.
Atmosphere is a little hit or miss.
Sometimes it feels like a family restaurant, sometimes it feels like a "date night" restaurant, and sometimes it feels like a sports bar.
My only true negative is the hostess staff.
Not a huge deal but they generally seem confused and give off the vibe that seating you is interrupting them from doing something more important.

Stopped by for lunch on a Thursday.
Sat at the bar got the Wisco burger.
It was perfectly done to my liking.
Asked for my fries crispy and a beer.
Wish I was on diet vacation everyday.
Service was excellent, prompt and checked with me often.
Next time  I visit I will be back.

I've "done it all" at Gray's - had drinks outside, drinks inside, had meals outside, meals inside, and now, have celebrated New Year's Eve at Gray's.
I can't say that I'm a fan.
The atmosphere and environment are excellent - the fountains located outside are peaceful and enjoyable for when you're sitting on the spacious, covered patio.
The heavy faux-timbers, high ceilings, multi-tiered interior give a ski-lodge-meets-Soho-condo-feel.
The beers are respectable, but not anything spectacular.
The Rathskeller is decent; the Oatmeal Stout is good; the others are fairly forgettable.
Where Gray's falls flat is with the service (it's usually non-existent), the food (it's quite bland), the pricing (expensive), and most egregiously - with insisting on having live music (bands).
Gray's parks bands about 3 feet from their bar area, just near the main entrance.
And that makes for several problems... it pinches the flow of traffic to-and-from the bar; it makes it impossible to talk while inside; and, the bands usually aren't all that good.
I appreciate some good live music, but it has to be good.
Last night was no exception to all three points.
The bartenders were sullen and hard to flag down.
I was drinking water (played role of DD) and struggled to get anyone's attention for assistance, even when I was buying drinks for others in my party and waiving twenties.
I only got one "thank you" or smile in my several trips to the bar (and we tip well - $5-$10/round is not uncommon, although I started tipping less as the night went on).
For NYE, Gray's set out a buffet in their upstairs area, and while buffets are never fantastic, this one was forgettable.
I won't critique it because it wasn't the norm... but it's safe to say that it matched my past entree experiences.
Granted, their NYE deal was a bargain - $20 got you unlimited rail drinks, house wine, and a select grouping of taps along with the buffet.
But, I'd rather have quality than quantity.
I want to like this place - I've given it a ton of opportunities - but I always leave underimpressed and wishing I'd have gone elsewhere.

I've eaten here twice now and both times were enjoyable.
The first night I had the fried cheese curds appetizer (see pic), and it was very tasty.
My only complaint was the saltiness became a little overwhelming.
The spinach artichoke pasta was good but blander than I expected.
The Rathskeller Amber beer was excellent!
The second night I had the spinach artichoke dip (see pic) and it was very creamy and warming.
Had the Sirloin and it was juicy, tender, and cooked to perfection.
Overall, great atmosphere, excellent service, and good food.

I love this place because they have they have great selection of beers but they also have a lot of specialty drinks and they have a great outdoor patio.
I however recently visited Gray's for dinner with a few friends and was pleasantly surprised at how good their food was.
I ordered the salmon sandwich with sweet potato fries and it was really good; the salmon was very juicy.
The man ordered the ribs and didn't love it so much but said it wasn't bad.
On another visit we tried the seared tuna appetizer and we both loved that!
The service at Gray's however is never outstanding unfortunately.
On several occasions the waitresses have forgotten to bring drinks or silverware.
They are also not overly friendly and don't go out of their way to be so.
In a place like this I think I would appreciate it if they were a tad bit nicer because it does have more of a sit down atmosphere to it.
Regardless, that has not stopped me from coming here.
The crowd at Gray's also tends to be a little on the older side so it never really gets too rowdy.
I've also been here on their game nights and the crowd seems to be really into it.
Gray's is a great place for dinner and drinks and I always look forward to the opportunity to go back!

Just OK food and service.
They seem to be trying but food is just so so and space needs a little refurbishment.

We sampled a few brews and finally ordered some.
The Oatmeal and the red were our fav.
Ordered the tuna as a app.
Just ok. Then the buffalo chicken pizza, once again just ok. To much sauce on top and crust could have been crisper.
This visit we had burgers and fries.
One was over done, hence drier, good reg fries.
Mine the Tied House, presented great, tasted great, done right, sweet potato fries way under cooked.
Not crispy what so ever.
Will return and try more items the next time we pass though.
Not probably going to be a destination place for us.

While Verona is one of the fastest-growing cities in Wisconsin, it is unfortunately a slowly evolving food town.
I can't say there's anything here that makes it worth the short trip for Madisonians to drive southwest for dinner.
Having said that, I am glad the Tied House is here.
It's a well-appointed, sunny place, lots of room, nice deck for outdoor dining and a fine selection at the bar, with Gray's products being the only beer options.
Hence the name Tied House.
Gray's was originally brewed in Janesville and is now brewed on site here in Verona.
I can't offer a whole lot of value if you're seeking a detailed review of the Tied House's appetizers, entrees or beers.
I have only been here three times, always on Friday, always for the fish fry.
The first two times, I had the fried cod option and it was just OK.
The breading lacked flavor and I thought the fillets were a little thin, but they were flaky and well-prepared.
This week, I had the blue gill, pan fried with an ample portion in what seemed to be a cornmeal-based breading that completed the light lake fish flavor well.
I would get it again, but the $15.95 price tag surprised me when I got the bill.
My son ordered the baked cod, which was cooked perfectly, seasoned with a pepper based rub and quite tasty.
The fries are crispy and hot, with a flaky breading.
I ate all of mine.
The cole slaw is non-offensive -- not too creamy but not a whole lot of flavor in the dressing, either.
On a hot summer Friday I wanted to try a Gray's weiss bier, but they were out.
They suggested the raspberry wheat, not really my style, but light and drinkable, without an offensive aftertaste.
I sipped my son's Gray's strawberry soda, again not my style, but not cloying like many strawberry-flavored items.
We'll come back.
You can get a cheaper fish fry in Verona, but if you're in the mood for a better atmosphere and want to try something else, the salads and entrees coming out of the kitchen looked worth ordering.

My favorite thing here, ok I lied.
2 favorite things:  1: They bring you giant drinks out on the patio.
Staff is usually friendly, remember me and make excellent Vodka Presses.
Ask for extra lemon!
I love the Ahi Tuna salad.
The cucumber "spaghetti" with wasabi dressing is delicious.
I order it every time.
If you don't want a vodka drink and Japanese salad there are other choices.
I've had a variety of other salads, burgers, sandwiches, etc.
I think their cuisine has improved over the years.
The outside patio has a big pond with a fountain.
It's nice.
Perfect for large groups, tons of space, 2 separate areas that can be rented out for private meetings or parties.
Own parking lot.
14 minutes from downtown or 5 minutes from EPIC.

I've been to Gary's Tied House a few times now - 4 I think, maybe 5.
I really like this place.
Now I haven't sat at the bar for a game, or gone out on the patio for drinks.
My experience has been mainly coming here for dining only.
Each time I was here I think I've tried something different.
I've been happy every time.
The prices are a touch high, but the portions are good and the quality too - and those are just as if not more important.
When I was there last Sunday, I tried the Beef Brisket Grinder sandwich with chips.
Beef Brisket with Scrambled eggs and chips and cheese sauce on a French Roll.
Sounded too good to pass up.
It really was quite awesome.
My wife had the Pacific Rim Salad.
She liked it a lot, although it was a bit spicy - but she knew that from the menu description.
I can't recall the other menu items I've tried before, besides knowing that I've tried a burger.
All have been quite well prepared and above your average pub food.
Compliments have been unusual including this odd sauce that comes with their chips - super yummy but i have no idea what it is.
A few times we have come on a Friday or a weekend, and its been a bit busy.
But they are doing things right so I guess that to be expected.
Not sure why I'm not giving them 5 stars - I guess I've only had a few of their beers and haven't tried the patio or anything.
We'll give a few more tries and see if they can earn the fifth one.
: )

9/18/13 My wife and I stopped in at Gray's Tied House for lunch.
I enjoyed an Oatmeal Stout and Porter, and my wife had their Oatmeal Stout and an IPA from Lakefront.
The space is really nice with lots of parking.
My wife had their corned beef sandwich.
She said it was better than Cooper's and The Come Back In's.
I tried a bite and had to agree.
It was less salty.
I encourage you to do a comparison.
Stop in at all three places!
I had their black and bleu burger.
I ordered it medium, but it was definitely well done.

Food is standard service is great, nothin to brag about, but it was a reasonable price and good brews

Every meal here has to be tried at least once.
Amazing burgers.
Different specials everyday.
Great service.
Amazing beer and oh my word, those kettle chips with that dipping sauce.

Had a burger.
Made just the way I asked for it and served very nicely.
Burger prices are good (and tasty!
)...the rest of the menu could come down on price a bit.
Would definitely go again and try something else...maybe one of their other burger versions (???

I went there today for Lunch I had the BBQ Ribs,Frys, side of veggies, and a salad.
The Bar was full so I sat at a table and the waitress was there with in a minute I ordered a drink and when she came back I ordered my food  with in a few Minutes she Brought my Salad  and before I was done my Ribs were brought out,  The Frys look like they had a coating on them and were cooked perfect,  The Ribs had there house Rootbeer BBQ Sauce on them first bite and the Meat came off the bone Very Tender and Moist no smoke flavor there home made BBQ sauce is Very Good as were the Ribs!
My Server was very Friendly and attentive.
Price's were not out of line  Would I go back?
Oh Yes I will go Back.

I went here again tonight, it was busy Fish Fry night and football on the T.V.
's   Tonight I had the Wisco Burger, Hamburger, an Egg, Bacon, Cheddar Cheese, Pickles, Tomato, & lettuce with a side of Fry's.
I sat at the Bar this time the Service was Very Good and the Food was Very Good.
My Burger was cooked exactly how I ordered it and it was out fast.
So I gotta give them 2 Thumbs up again.
Will I go back?
Yes I will.

I came here for lunch and had a pretty enjoyable experience.
Service was good, although it wasn't very busy so that's expected.
The building is also beautiful and very, very large.
I had the Tied House Burger with sweet potato fries.
The burger was good and cooked perfectly.
The fries were yummy too, however it was obvious that they had been frozen.
The dipping sauce they come with is amazing though.
Other people I was with had the pizza and salad combo, a salad (can't remember which one) and a panini with apples and bacon.
They all enjoyed their meals as well.
I'd definitely come back!

Pizza was delicious!!
Puzzling decor.
Beautiful architecture, warm cozy colors, exposed stone, hardwood, vaulted ceilings...
Fish tanks... TVs everywhere?
Is this a sports bar or a upscale restaurant?
Service was good.
Nothing spectacular, she didn't offer after dinner drinks or dessert.
I felt a little rushed as checks were dropped just after we received our dinner.
(Great for lunch service, not great for a leisurely Saturday dinner.
)   I would return but being from the east side, I wouldn't drive out of my way to go there again.

The food is always fantastic (well - skip the biscuit that comes with the fish fry, it's dry and cold).
And you the beer selection is definitely top notch.
The only issue I have with Gray's is the noise level and the weird seating arrangements.
The space is just not used efficiently and feels awkward.
There's plenty of room to wait if needed, but actual seating is odd.
It's a nice place to grab a bite with friends.

The reviews for Gray's Tied House aren't stellar, so I was a bit worried when we stopped here for lunch on Sunday, June 8th.
Our experience was fantastic!
We arrived and were immediately impressed by the lovely appearance of the interior of Gray's.
It is large and has nice high ceilings.
Maybe it's a bit rustic as well, but the look works.
We were greeted and seated very promptly.
Our waiter was super friendly without being intrusive.
Another plus: my husband requested that the TV right by our table be switched to the Brewer's game and it was done immediately.
No hassle, and none of that nonsense that seems to happen so often at bars where servers don't know how to operate the TV remote.
This guy knew what he was doing!
The menu at Gray's offers fare similar to many other upscale Brewpub-type places in the area.
This genre has been done to death in the Madison area, but Gray's executed it very well, which personally, I value over creativity any day.
We shared an appetizer of buffalo wings.
We got 10 wings for ~$7.50, which seemed like a good deal.
The wings come with homemade ranch dressing for dipping.
(The dressing was excellent, but I would have preferred blue cheese.
) They nailed the classic buffalo wing at Gray's: no breading, deep fried to a crisp, and generously coated in a sauce of Frank's and butter.
Simple and lovely.
My husband got a soup and salad combo and remarked that his soup, a beer-cheese-brat creation, was super yummy.
He also enjoyed his Caesar salad.
I got Gray's Cobb salad, which rated very highly among Cobb salads that I've had in the area.
I chose Gray's (homemade) Blue Cheese dressing with my salad, and found it to be amazingly delicious!
I also appreciated that amount of "stuff" that came on my salad.
The salad was priced at about $10, which seemed standard, but there was very little "filler", and the salad was resplendent with nummy smoked turkey, a whole hard-boiled egg, at least half an avocado, and lots of blue cheese and bacon.
I felt like the salad was a good value, and I didn't come close to finishing it.
I had the leftover Cobb salad for dinner that night too, but I didn't mind because it was just so darn tasty.
I hope to come back again soon and try some of Gray's beer!

Omg.
I can't express my pleasant surprise enough.
Dash those preconceived notions of small town restaurants!
Great job!
Service: Excellent.
We went twice.
Both times excellent service by 2 waiters.
I wish I remembered their names.
Both had glasses.
Anyway they were extra helpful, friendly and knowledgeable.
Kudos guys!
Food: Excellent!
Again, I was prepared for mediocre bar food.
Whatever you do, don't get the jalapeño cheese curds or you might get addicted like me.
And the pizza was awesome.
Great crust, great ingredients.
Our margherita pizza had some sort of sun dried tomato spread in the middle which was a tasty extra.
We totally loved it.
My husband had a shrimp dish which I forget now but he loved it too.
Nice big plentiful shrimp.
The mushroom bake could do without the cheese and have more garlic, but was still very good.
Lastly, homemade root beer!
You can totally pig out on all the great food.
And then pay for it in the gym later....:)

Their Reuben sandwich is still awesome!
Try Potosi's Tangerine IPA!

I want to give this place 3.5 stars, but it's not an option..
So just pretend.
:-) Gray's is a really great place to hang out and the food is delicious.
My only complaint is the serious lack of any healthy options.
How 'bout adding a nice turkey burger or a veggie burger to the menu?
I don't want to be stuck ordering a salad when I want watch my calories.
However, on the days I'm not counting calories..
I'm in heaven with the food choices.
The Mac and Cheese is my favorite but I've never ordered something that I didn't enjoy.
Also!
I had my bridal shower in the event room at GTH.
The staff was so wonderful and accommodating..
It was truly a day I will never forget.
Definitely consider using GTH for special events.
My family will definitely keep returning to this great addition to Verona's bar and restaurant scene.
It's definitely an improvement over the Oasis bar that stood in that spot 15 or so years ago (pre-Epic days).

