New east-side location of Erik's Bike Shop...very good selection if you're looking at Specialized bikes and accessories...staff was friendly but not pushy or hovering, a contrast to most bike shops where customers seem to be annoyances to staff.
Felt comfortable browsing and asking questions even on basic stuff.

A premiere Specialized shop.
While not a flagship or concept store, they have the most incredible selection of Specialized bikes I've ever seen in the Midwest.
I purchased my wife's bike here, a Saphire FSR Comp, which is a fairly rare bike for the area.
The manager spent time ensuring my wife had the proper fit, and that the bike was dialed to her wants and wishes.
More importantly he didn't just DO everything, rather he took his time, EXPLAINED and SHOWED us how to tune everything in a practical and professional manner.
Though it's a haul for us (from Missouri), we WILL be back for certain.

Disappointed by the lack of professionalism displayed by sales associates and rudeness/aggressiveness by the assistant manager on duty.
We were made to feel uncomfortable and unwelcome, and the condescending attitude towards me and the other two women I was with is appalling.
Compared to the alternative bike shops in Madison, it would be foolish to put up with this type of poor and rude customer service.
We all have our top three worst customer service experiences and this Erik's location is #1 on my list.

I went into Erik's not really knowing what I needed or wanted as far as a bike, not really knowing what bikes were out there.
Taylor helped me find the perfect bike for me.
He was very patient and knowledgeable, quickly narrowing down the options until we found the Specialized Roll 1-a great single speed that I ride every day.
A mechanic named Aaron answered a lot of my maintenance questions and tuned up my bike before it even went home with me.
These guys know what's up.
I highly recommend them!

Great customer service here.
They measured my son for his first road bike and really took the time to get the right size and style.
Their staff are patient and knowledgeable.
They also have nice benefits with a bike purchase including a free tune up, free adjustments for two years, and a guaranteed trade in value if you want to upgrade within two years.
In addition, their prices were at or better than the other bike shops in town.

