Did someone just step on my sandwich?
OMG.
Actually no.
But that's kind of what a Mr. Goodcents sandwich looks like - kind of flat and smooshed.
But it tastes just fine, don't let the looks scare you off.
I frequent this place for lunch often, and for a $4 sub you're better off here than at healthy Subway, Blimpie, or fatty Quiznos.
It's a counter service deli chain with a handful of locations in the Valley.
They make the sandwiches and slice the meat and cheese right in front of you.
The owner/manager is very friendly and helpful.
I've had the original and penny club - decent choices, although I think the slices are a bit skimpy.
The bread looks thin and crummy, but it's actually not as bad as it looks.
I don't know why they're subs look smooshed...weird.
They have pasta here, but have never had it - and not so sure about it either....

I quite enjoy this place.
It's nice to have the meat and cheese sliced in front of you.
Though it's a bit pricer than some of the other chain shops but it's well worth it.
The food has always been fresh and filling.
Their pasta is decent, but I prefer to stick with the subs.
The wait can be a bit long during peak hours, but it's well worth the wait.

Despite not being much of a "sandwich eater", I've always been a fan of Goodcents.
Not because I think they're sandwiches are any better than Quizno's or their decor any more aesthetically pleasing than Subway's, but because they're the most honest sub shop I've ever come across.
Even though sandwiches can be good for you, you don't see some asshole running around with a sandwich board that reads "MR. GOODCENTS SUBS WILL MAKE YOU SKINNY!
OH...AND THE END IS NEAR!
" And even though they cut their own meat, you don't hear them advertising this one particular aspect of their business at every opportunity.
OMG A FUCKING TOASTER?
YOU CAN TOAST SUBS!
OH MY GOD THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING THING EVER?
IT'S MORE EXPENSIVE THAN USUAL SUB SHOPS BUT THAT'S OKAY BECAUSE IT'S TOASTED, IT'S BETTER AND MORE FILLING!
TOASTED'S THE WAY OF THE FUTURE HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
They make sandwiches.
That's really all there is to it.
They keep their bread in giant plastic bags because although it's unappetizing looking, it actually preserves the freshness, as opposed to keeping bread stored in a hot, humid cabinet just above the oven where it will begin to absorb the taste of the bread it's crammed up against (Yeah, I got your fucking number, Subway).
They cut their meat and cheese fresh because that's actually what you're supposed to do, rather than pre-slice it and pre-package it so it can stew in its own juices while it gets shipped out to the nearest chain location (My Ultimately Worthless Factoids-2, Subway-0).
They're subs might be healthy, but probably not.
Judging by the large number of heavy-set people (including myself) who frequent Mr. Goodcents, I think it's safe to say that all that meat and cheese probably isn't doing our hearts any favors.
But then again I know people who only order the salads at McDonald's or the veggie at Subway who'd make a dietitian piss themselves and faint.
The last couple of times I've been to Goodcents I admittedly had no interest in purchasing their sandwiches.
The diuretics I'm on right now force everything out of me, so I've currently been on an all-soup diet.
A bowl of ramen or a cup of Campbell's Soup At Hand contains both the water I need and the sodium to help me retain said water.
Goodcents has, for a sandwich shop, amazing soups and pastas.
The chicken noodle itself is worth a visit or two, as is there chicken alfredo or pasta salad.
Plagued with the flu, I stumbled in last Wednesday with a few bucks in my pocket and a craving for something hot and liquid to sip slowly.
While my friend was harassing one of the girls at the counter (what guy sees a girl putting meat through a cutter and goes "yes, she seems like a suitable mate"?
), I gave another  my order.
"Chiggen soup, please.
A half.
" "Just a half?
Are you sure?
You sound like you need it.
" "Just a half's fine.
" "Tough.
I gave you a full.
You sound sick.
" "Oggay.
Thagg you.
" "You're a student, right?
Show her (the cashier) your student ID and you'll get a free drink.
You need all the fluids.
" "Yeah.
Tell me about it.
Thagg you zo much.
" "Don't mention it.
"  Later that day, while my co-workers were arguing Subway vs Quiznos and discussing what should and should not go on a meatball sub, I sat quietly, sipping at my chicken noodle soup and lemonade, thinking that I could get use to this 'flu' thing.
Oh, I couldn't fit this into a clever phrase but the soup comes with a side of buttery bread.
It's amazing.
You wouldn't think that buttery bread and chicken soup went together, but a few years ago you probably sat there in front of your TV and said "Toasted subs?
Yeah, that's a passing fancy if I ever saw it.
"  You know what I've been looking for?
A deli that makes good PB&J sandwiches.
Anyone who can bring me this information will be given my secret recipe for the ultimate bloody mary.

I've always been obsessed with Mr. Goodcents and I'll happily give them 5 stars.
I have been enjoying the best subs EVER for about 16 years now.
They must be doing something right if they've been around for so long!
They cannot be equaled.
I live in San Diego now, but I still have to have my Goodcents fix when I come into town.
It's a must!
Cheese Mix is my lifeblood and the bread is unbelievably soft and seems to melt in your mouth.
Sometimes, if I'm in a soup mood, they have some seriously tasty broccoli cheese.
In college, I frequented the Tempe and Mesa Goodcents because they were closer to my apartment, but the T-Bird shop was my first and it just feels like home.
I'll always love you Goodcents.
I'll see you in my dreams until our next clandestine rendezvous...    P.S.
Not that you need it, but sometimes I wish you had avocado.
Even still...5 stars!

Waay better than Subway or Quiznos.
That's all I have to say

I absolutely love this sub shop!
Its the only place i will get a sub sandwich!
I have been going here for over 10 years and i NEVER get tired of it!
Mitch is an awesome owner and he really cares about the customer!
MUST GO!

Trying to decide where to pick up dinner for my family, I decided to try this place, based on the great Yelp reviews.
I went to their website, and placed my order to be picked up at 6 p.m.
I ALMOST chose to pay by credit card online, SO glad I chose 'cash' instead because when I GOT there at 6:00,...the store was full of workers who were completely REMODELING the store, and they looked at me like I was nutz.
Ended up going to Pong Pong chinese (also based on my Yelp research), had to wait a LONG time (since I didn't have time to pre-order it), but it was VERY good food.
I guess I'll have to wait to try Mr. Goodcents.
I wish they'd noted on their website that they'd be closed for remodeling.

One of the best subs I've had in a long time.
Definitely will be back soon.

Clean store, nice remodel.
They have the Fancy coke machine now.
Got the itallian it was great.
The cookies are always good too.

The new remodel their looks really good.
They have added a couple TVs that blast CNN all day.
The stop is always friendly and smiling.
They have 1 of those awesome New Coke machines with all the flavors.
They have daily specials every day, which is a huge plus when you're on a budget.
My baby loves their chicken.
in my opinion the beat the pants off subway.

Great food.
The staff here is super friendly!

I likes me a good deli fresh sub, but I gotta ask when the hell did sandwiches get so bloody expensive?
The food is easily 4-stars, but what is with the prices, guys?
You didn't put that much on the bread either, I watched you do it.
Four slices of meat, exactly 3 tomato slices...on an extra long sub?
The staff was friendly though, so I come to an average of 3 stars for this place.

i have been going to goodcents for years now and it's definitely the best place to get a sandwich!
they slice the meat & cheese right in front of you, the bread is soft and always such great quality.
i have a usual of turkey standard dress w no onions & provolone chz, but everything is good.
the broccoli cheddar soup is a favorite of mine, and they run deals every day so everyone wins!

Great good, great services, and great prices.
I have used these guys for catering and they provide great service and good time after time!

I absolutely LOVE this place!
It has ruined quite a few other sandwich places for me.
The bread is fantastic!
I love the way that they slice the meat for you..makes it even more fresh!
The fact that they even have a new coke machine and GINGER ALE...yeah, it's amazeballs!

I was super impressed with this place.
They cut the meat and cheese just for your order.
It's not that meat that has been sitting out in a bin all day either.
The 12 inch was enough food to fill me up and it tasted great.
I have found a new home to go get my subs.

Always quick service, very reasonably priced and great staff.
The food here tastes fresh and you get large portions.
I will pick this place over any sub shop any day!

