This 3+ acre bark park features park benches and water fountains for both people and dogs.
A dispenser for doggie poop bags is at the entrance to the facility.
One interesting item: they separate two areas for timid and rowdier dogs, as opposed to the typical large vs. small dogs division.
But don't visit on Thursdays as the park is closed for maintenance

If your dog needs space and you like to walk or do laps with your fuzzy buddy, THIS IS THE PLACE.
It's a nice large basin with trees, lighting and a timid dog area.
You can find pretty much the same group of people every evening or morning.
Friendly too.
The only bad part is the only water is located by the door, so if your walking on the other side of the park, you should bring a cooler.
This park is great for runners and dogs that love to play fetch.
It's closed every thursday.

Took our dog to the park for the first time.
This park is well maintained and clean, There are water fountains for the dog and owner, as well as bags to clean up after your pooch.
We went on a Friday afternoon and had the place almost to ourselves.
There is a place for timid dogs.
don't go on Thursdays as it is closed for maint.

My puppy Charlie is only 6 months old and hasn't had much socializing but this place was perfect.
As soon as we got to the park we noticed that their were poop bags located at the front.
On this visit they were empty however it looked as if someone left some grocery bags as a substitute.
Also, there is a water fountian for the dogs located on the ground.
Another great thing about this place was the fact that there is an area for timid dogs.
I wasn't sure it was going to be a problem letting Charlie off his leash.
The park is very large with trees and lots of running room.
It is all fenced it so you don't have to worry about them wandering too far.
I will definitely be taking him back!

Nice though no frills.
Grass is in good shape.

Layla (my puppy) and I love this place!
I call it 'puppy paradise'.
It has no thrills or extras, just a large running area and pretty darn good people.
I take Little Miss Layla there about 5 times a week and she loves it.
The other people that frequent this particular dog park are loving dog owners and it makes us both feel safe going here.
Bring your little (or large) furry friend here you won't be disappointed.

When visiting family in Mesa - I will use this dog park.
It is CLEAN!!!
And it has GRASS!
Easy parking, the place is huge.
There is a place for little rat-dogs (purse dogs) and a separate area for regular size dogs.
Mesa and surrounding communities need more dog parks in general - but if they add more - this should be the template!

This place is the cleanest, largest and most friendly dog park in the east valley.
My Dog absolutely loves this pace and there are dog lovers who show up regularly.
Look for a huge dog the size of a bear named Sneakers, he's a lovable giant who can fit six tennis balls in his mouth at once!

Best dog park in Mesa... large area for dogs to play in.. tons of free poopy bags available, and theres even an option for us humans to exercise!
Shoot if I walked this entire dog park 3x with my dog I would feel like I deserved an award (like some icecream perhaps?
) because I totally deserved it!
This place is clean, the people are friendly, the benches scattered around are nice, and yes there is grass!
My dog and I love this place, and we will be back soon

