This was the second AF base I have been on, and so close to Vegas too!
Very nice with a desert theme (surprise) there were lots of big planes there that were pretty to look at and we did end up picking up a lost airman on base and taking him back to his buddies.
Alas, we had to let him go.
All in all, a cool time for the short visit I had here.

Pretty dope base!
Been here a couple times!

The review is for 3.5 stars, but seeing as I don't remember going to any other military bases in my life, don't really have anything to compare it to, though, in all honesty.
I came here for two reasons: I went to the heavily guarded base a long time ago to visit a friend years ago, but didn't see much of the base.
I came here for a wedding reception held at a banquet hall- about seven years ago.
It was my mom's best friend's son's wedding reception.
It was like any other hall- except it was lot cheaper for military personnel- a benefit.
The room was very spacious and when decorated, looked nice (if you're Filipino, you know the drill, been going to these banquet halls since I was a flower girl for my uncle's wedding at three years old).
They had the room reserved for a few hours.
The parking was roomy as well.

City in a city!
I love the exchange!

Yelp Challenge!
Started 8/20/2011 (39 of 365).
I have a lot of catching up to do!
Dude.
This place is awesome!
They have anything and everything you could absolutely need and want; TAX FREE!
I recently came here w/ my cousin who is in the Navy.
Yes, you need someone from the military to get you in.
I bought a beautiful couch for $700, tax free!
I purchased other items in the Exchange as well.
Prices aren't too bad.
But then I went to the Commissary.
Whoa!
Super cheap prices for groceries and again, TAX FREE!
And they have EVERYTHING!
Make sure you tip your baggers because they will load up your trunk for you as they do make their money off your tips!
We also ate at Burger King there.
They have other food options like Popeye's Chicken, Sbarro, Baskin Robbins and Charley's subs.
This place is pretty cool; definitely better than other bases I have been to.

Nellis is a bit of a hike for me, I rarely come here,just for doctor appointments and to visit with friends.
This base however is pretty good, the A&FRC offers support for not only just deployed airmen but to unaccompanied tours as well, which was a big help to me!
The BX here is really nice, I wish they'd ID more people though, there were a LOT of people that should have not been using the BX, but whatever.
I like the furniture store, but in true AAFEES fashion, its over priced and 100$ for delivery.
The Commisarry is great, if I didn't live closer to Creech, I would shop here more often, maybe as gas prices continue to drop, I'll shop here more often.
Great prices for meat and produce.
I wish they'd limit the coupons here, these coupon hoarders come through here to clear out shelves.
All in all, this base is one of the better assignments we've had, hopefully more is come!

Proud to be an American!

We went to watch the yearly Aviation Nation at Nellis AFB.
WOW, what a great show.
1st of all, entry is FREE.
You cannot beat FREE.
Take your kids, they will love it.
Watching old airplanes, new jets and helicopters flying around simulating air strikes and parachuters jumping from planes.
You can also get in some of the planes on the ground.
They gave away free american flags to wave around.
Although it was super cold out there this year, the event itself was GREAT.
My 5 year old thought for sure one of the planes was StarScream from Transformers and a helicopter was Blackout..lol He loved the show and so did the rest of my family.
Also, transportation getting in and out was proficient.
Although lines to get on a bus do get long when everyone leaves at the end, they at least have a constant stream of busses going back and forth.

Attended the annual Air Force show and thought it was pretty darn good.
Always appreciate a free bus ride and free parking.
The B1B and F22 were spectacular.

Airshow is  a great experience, very organized, it has parking and buses that shuttle you to the base.
Lots of vendors and lots of things to buy.
Always bring a warm jacket or 2.

I have never been to any kind of base before .. its like another world out there.
I have the upmost respect for the people that fight for our Country.
So with that being said, I went into a housing unit, was like a ridiculously small studio hotel room.
It sucks that they have to live like that, they should have mansions to live in for what they do !!!
On a funny note.. its very beige there, they need a splash of color !!
lol

As far as Air Force bases go, Nellis is the bee's knees.
It really is a city within a city.
Their commissary and BX are a nice size, they've got some fast food options, an elementary school, multiple resources, and an expansive on-base housing set up complete with parks and such.
As it grew, they built up more housing and a hospital on the other side, with a community center that holds meetings for the base family Girl Scout troop, among other things.
Very cool.
A great sense of community here on this very large base!

It's an absolute city within a city.
They have pretty much everything you could need.
Medical, postal, fast food groceries, hotels, housing....etc   Everyone is polite!

