I'm thrilled with the constant metamorphosis of Monroe Street, how just walking its streets takes you to all these quirky shops and galleries and chocolatiers...
In this funky street, much less traveled (and less foot traffic) than State Street, is the second Art Gecko, which I LOVE.
It has the same collection of jewelry of Asian flair (Indian, Nepalese, Chinese, and others) interspersed with GORGEOUS silver jewelry encasing the BEST looking stones you've ever seen.
Frankly, while this store has everything, clothing, furniture, home accents, etc, I just drool over their jewelry, and have expanded my jewelry selection with a few pieces from this store.....
The staff is VERY attentive, does not nag, and knows the meaning of "I'm just perusing"...
Which is an A plus in my book.
It's a little smaller than the one on State Street.
But just by virtue of location (Monroe) I prefer it more.

I love this place for its unique and inexpensive jewelry.
I just bought a very interesting silver ring and pair of earrings for less than $60.
No matter what I've bought here, I never see it on anyone else- unlike chain jewelry stores with their cookie-cutter designs.
Ack.
They have another location on State St., but this one's my favorite based on their bigger selection, layout and (not insignificantly) the ease of getting a parking space right out front!

If you are in the Monroe street neighborhood, be sure to find the Art Gecko Garden.
The garden is filled with fabulous foreign foliage and antique artifacts.
Then stop in to browse their selection of artisan jewelry, clothing, and furniture from across the globe.
This store has great style.

I was only here briefly, but after seeing how one of the employees was totally dressed down by her boss, in front of a customer, I don't think I'll be shopping here.

This shop has a nice selection of silver and stone jewelry at reasonable prices.
Sales people will help you pick something or just let you browse in peace.

A really nice selection of craft and artwork from around the world, especially Asia.
A nice selection of hand made jewelry - I am always able to find cool eclectic gifts for my weird friends!

I wanted to reward myself and my hands for their hard work by acquiring a nice ring from the local rock shop.
After leaving there uninspired and empty handed I decided to go across town to Art Gecko and check out what they had.
I simply walked into the place and knew I was where I should be.
The atmosphere was open and cheery just like the staff.
The knowledgeable staff had impeccable customer service, which I value highly, and helped me pick not one, but two rings that I am beyond happy with.
They also sold me on some beautiful Indian fabric for my cushions which will make me go back again.
Love it here and would recommend it to anyone.

A quaint shop for women who like imported Asia/Indian craft work(s) -- jewelry, scarves, cloth purses/wallets, clothes, gifts, home interior.
My favorit part is their very reasonable prices!
Their store focuses on crafts rather than mass marketed trickets (i.e., tourist crap) some boutiques just order from catalogues.
I actually prefer their Monroe store, just because it doesn't have the heavy State St. traffic.

Love this store and their beautiful garden.
A definite plus to the neighborhood.

