Free WiFi, excellent coffee and a comfy sofa.
The baked good are amazing (Mama makes them)  Mario and his team are, dare I say it, the REAL masters of exceptional coffee in the North Valley.
The shop is a bit tiny, but the product is extraordinary.
Go for the coffee, stay for the baked goods...

http://www.matadorcoffee.com | 32nd and Union Hills (across from PVCC)     I have been driving by this place for a couple of years now and have always wanted to stop in, but it was usually on my way to work (don't have time to stop) or after they were closed.
Driving home today, I suddenly realized that I am right in front of it, and I don't have anywhere specific to be at the moment...
Perfect!
It is a very cute, dark little place that seems very comfortable.
There were some customers hanging out, and one of the baristas walked over from a table and greeted me along her way to behind-the-counter.
I was getting ready to order my typical drink (iced latte w/honey drizzle), but I wanted to make sure they had honey available first, so I asked her.
She showed me the bottle kept behind the counter, so I proceeded to order my latte.
She offered to put the honey in with the espresso so it melts, which is much appreciated, but I actually prefer it drizzled over the ice once it's done because I get a couple chunks and then the remainder slightly sweetens the latte.
It was pretty cute, though, 'cause she kept trying to be really helpful with the honey, so it ended up being a little more complicated than it needed to be...I'm used to just ordering a latte and drizzling it myself at the condiment bar, so I didn't think to specify, and I actually think it's great that she was being so accomodating, so I'm not complaining at all (although the guy behind me might not have thought it was as cute as I did, ha).
But she was really friendly the whole time, and we were having a conversation about different types of milk and blah blah blah, and then she finished the drink and allowed me to drizzle my honey on it.
I thanked her and picked up my latte, lid, and straw to assemble it somewhere else so I could get out of the way of the guy behind me, and then I realized that I was still holding on to my money.
"Oh, I guess I should pay you, ha!
"  I'll definitely go back to Matador Coffee when I'm in the area.
The service was fantastic, and my latte was good as well.
Oh, yeah, and it was double-punch Friday, so I got two punches on my soon-to-be-punched-again card!
(Don't know if that's a valid weekly thing or if she was just being nice) :)

This is a great stop off point during my pool service route.
If you are hungry, their breakfast burritos are huge and tasty!
Their coffee is good and fresh.
They make an excellent cold brew that is perfect for the hot summers here in the valley.
Go see 'em - they will take care of you!

This is the only good coffee shop I've found in North Phoenix!
Their soy vanilla lattes are amazing, also try their grilled cheese with tomato, green chiles & hot sauce.
It's so declicious!

Friendly staff, great coffee!
We tried the ciabatta bread breakfast sandwich and breakfast bagel.
Both were made fresh and tasted yummy!!
I have a feeling we will be regulars soon.

This place is amazing.
Coffee is fresh, the food tastes great and the staff is super friendly.
The owner Sarah is one of the kindest people I've ever met.
Definitely will be back as much as I can!
Would give more than 5 stars if I could!!

I by almost all my coffee for my drip machine (yes, my automatic drip coffee maker...get over yourself) from here.
Mainly because they are close by  They roast their own coffee and have some excellent roasts.
My favorite so far is the Peruvian.
But there are still so many to try.
Their roasts are constantly changing, which can be annoying when you find something you like and next time it's gone.
The people here are super friendly (both employees and guests).
The crowd is mostly 20-somethings (PVCC is right across the street), but I've never felt "the old man" when I'm in here.
They are not as specialized as Cartel Coffee, but offer great coffee and comfortable environment and a very pleasant experience.

Best coffee shop in the valley hands down.
The roasts are better than Lux and the vibe is more welcoming.
They will know your name the second time you come in and know your drink shortly after.
The espresso is fantastic and the prices are cheaper than your local Starbucks.
The baked goods are consistently good and the food is great as well.
Try the herbed chicken sandwich!
All in all a fantastic welcoming place with outstanding coffee, great prices, and very friendly staff!

Tired of your chain coffee joints?
In the Desert Ridge vicinity?
Well then I suggest you high-tail your ass over to Matador.
Totally awesome decor and bitchin' coffee.
Friendly and COOL baristas.
Yeah, just go.
GET SOME!!

I'm having a hard time with this review.
I was really frustrated earlier when I pulled up to the store 10 minutes before closing and the employee closed and locked the door in front of me, but I have since calmed down.
I do really like their coffee but This makes trip #4 that I ended up at Starbucks because the Matador was closed.
I think they have great coffee, adequate (not friendly but not rude either) service, but the hours are so very limited.
With longer hours I would for sure frequent them more but as it stands now, it's not worth it for me to go back a 5th time

My favorite neighborhood coffee shop!
GREAT coffee - great service & now they have added more pastries!!

