I had just gotten off the plane from Okinawa, Japan not much more than 24 hours before.
Eating here was pure luck, it just happened to be at the right place at the right time and I could not have asked for a better experience.
Immediately entering the restaurant I was taken back to Okinawa, greeted with a welcoming "Ita-shi-masen!
" by the staff.
Everyone was friendly and eager to get to know me, something that I did not expect from a small joint in a strip-mall.
The restaurant itself is set up in a traditional sushi-bar style, and I sat at the bar and immediately struck up a lively conversation with one of the chefs.
He informed me that he is part Japanese and that Sushi Zen is a family run business going on it's 2nd year.
The best deal to be had are the all you can eat specials - one is $25, which includes all sushi (rolls and nigiri), side orders such as steamed soybeans (eta-mame) and desert.
- the other is $35, this includes all the above plus all you can drink alcohol.
I went with the $25 one and even got the chef to recreate one of my favorite rolls from Okinawa - the Yoshi Roll (Crab, Tuna,Yellow tail and avocado) you can ask for it now as the "Yakusa Mike" Roll :)  The second roll I had was the Crab Lagoon, which was crab tempura with avocado.
I topped it all off with traditional nigiri salmon, tuna and something new - white tuna.
As you can tell from the stars, everything exceeded my expectations.
All the fish was extremely fresh, service was on time and it was all done with a smile and great conversation.
As I got up to leave I was handed another very common item in Japan...the frequent visitor card.
After my 14th meal there I will be enjoying all you can eat sushi for free.
Of course I will be back, hopefully very soon.

I have to agree with everything Wade F. said.
The service was slow, skimpy portions, excessive sweet sauce applied to sushi.
You barely see the fish in the white tuna roll.
Most of the fried dishes was over cooked and dry.
With the all you can eat pricing, they weren't too generous on their service.
You get more rice than fish.
After trying a few rolls I just couldn't eat anymore because of the sweet sauce they put in almost all the sushi rolls.
It was way too sweet for my taste.
I got a bad vibe from the wait staff when I wanted to order more food, just got a funny look from him.
Kinda made me feel guilty for order more food.
Trying this place once is enough for me.

Very slow service

Bad food.
Bad service.
All around bad restaurant.
If you decide to eat here beware the all you can eat and drink is falsely advertised.
You can only drink for one hour and they won't tell you that until you've only ordered one drink and you hour is up.
Scamming people is no way to run a business.

This is truly not a all you can eat restaurant!
The service is slow and they only let you order one thing at a time.
I ordered one roll and it took about twenty minutes when you only have a 1 hour time limit to eat.
I wanted to order more rolls but the waitress did not want to let me order more food till I finished with my first roll.
This is bad!
I know how much I can eat.
I only ate one roll and I was so upset with them I paid the all you can eat price for one roll and left.
I WILL NEVER GO BACK THERE AGAIN!
I DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE TO EAT HERE EVER!

My new fave place!
Great little spot for nlv.
All you can eat for 24ish or Eat and Drink for 34ish great deal!!!
great service.. so friendly and welcoming!!!
completely worked with me and the portions (so i could eat more!!
)   the chef was amaing as well as my waiter!
love love love the lobster roll yum yum!

The service is slow.
Then the Sushi Chef behind the counter came out the take orders.
While doing so the waitress finished the roll that the Chef started.
WHAT'S UP WITH THAT!
Don't waist your time or money.
Tasty but frustrating.

I ate here more than a year ago, but I feel compelled to write about my experience.
If things have improved since then, my apologies.
I love sushi, but I wasn't feeling the zen in this place.
I showed up not knowing about their all-u-can-eat plan, so for me this was a bonus.
When I received my first roll, I asked the chef, "Where's the meat?
" My roll was 99% rice.
I offered to pay extra so I could get more meat ... because that's what I came for... fish meat.
LOL.
She replied with something like, "Everyone always asks for more meat ... more meat.
And I tell them - This is it!
"   Honey, if everyone is asking for more meat, you clearly don't put enough meat in your sushi rolls.
Charge an extra dollar and put more meat in it.
And their sushi roll list lacks creativity as well.
Everything seemed to be a california roll topped with fish.
They should rename this place 'Rice Zen' or 'All-U-Can-Eat-Rice' STEER CLEAR!

My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place a few months back.
We just recently moved to North Las Vegas and was just driving around the area.
To our surprise this place was pretty darn good!
We've been here about a dozen times and have told others about it.
There's never a wait during dinner time and the price is about average!
The sushi is pretty fresh!
I highly recommend the spider rolls and the box dinners!

I was dying for an avocado roll, and decided to try this place since it's been staring at me for 6 years (I live within walking distance.
) I went with my sister and sat at the sushi bar.
The service was friendly enough, I guess.
Once the chef and the teenage guy working there saw two cute teenage girls walk in, our side of the bar no longer existed, and a girl from the back came out to bring us our rolls.
No refills on drinks, and had to ask for the check.
I honestly don't think one of the guys checked on us after those girls walked in.
it was pretty bad.
Onto the food...
The cucumber salad was really good and the portion was larger than other sushi places, but it also cost 4.00. for cucumber salad.
Miso soup was standard run of the mill miso soup.
My avocado roll had a tiny sliver of green in the middle and thats it.
Even though it only cost 4.00, I still felt kind of scammed.
My sister said her spicy salmon roll was just okay, it was finely diced salmon in rice with a huge wallop of sriracha on top.
I'm not sure I wouldve trusted the fish from this place anyway, so I'm glad I stuck with an avocado roll.
:X drinks cost 2.75, for kind of tasteless iced green tea, which is okay if you get refills, but when you don't, it's kind of like saying "bite the pillow, it's going in dry.
"  I won't be back, but at least I can say I tried it.

I've been here numerous of times.
The first time I would have to say wasn't the greatest experience.
For some reason the waitress suggested I try the sweet shrimp since I asked what it was exactly, it was completely nasty.
It tasted totally raw and wasn't what I expected or sweet at all.
I've had it at another restaurant and they were delicious I just don't recommend that to anyone unless they're fully cooked.The sushi rolls were perfectly fine and delicious.
As well as the miso soup, house & cucumber salad.
The yakitori skewers were tasty but very small.
The bento boxes are also very good and the price isn't bad for the amount that you get.
I still go here from time to time and the waiter they have is also very very nice.

Awesome friendly, attentive and professional service.
Highly recommend.
Great daily specials.

Sushi is terrible.
I am so sick to my stomach.
Will never eat there again.
Fish was frozen!

I wrote a review on this place sometime ago but for some reason it isn't here anymore.
So, I am going to rewrite it for everyone.
About a year ago I found Sushi Zen.
A couple of friends and I stopped in one night to check this place out.
On their menu that offered all-you-can-eat-and-dinner for somewhere around $40 bucks.
We all ordered it because it seem like a pretty good deal.
We each ordered our food, a beer each, and two hot sakes to share.
While we ate our meals, which were sushi rolls made out of almost all rice, we finished our drinks.
Then, we tried ordered a second round of beers and our waiter informed our that we would have to pay extra for them because our hour was up.
I asked him to show me where it said we only had an hour to drink and he said he was supposed to tell us but forgot.
Needless to say he didn't get a cash tip from us.
But I'm going to go ahead and give him is tip now.
If you treat your customers right, they will treat you right.
All in all, we paid around $160 to have rolled up rice, slow service, and a round of beers.
Las Vegas is a city of dining opinions; I would advise anyone looking for a place to eat to pick a different opinion then Sushi Zen!

I've been going to this place for years.
It's a small place, It's family owned, and they are great people.
I love getting sushi bombs there.
Their Vegas Roll is like no other.
I cannot find anything like it at other sushi restaurants, it's so delicious.
They've been experimenting with their tempura ice cream.
They added cinnamon and they've also done a Red Velvet one.
DELICIOUS.
This place gets 2 thumbs up.

Really enjoyed ayce sushi.
Very friendly, generous with fish.
We're picky and we'll be back soon!

They should be called Rice Zen!
Yes they have all you can eat, but I think the idea behind it is to fill you up on rice ... or a beverage, the wait between rolls was a bit long and I ended up filling up on water.
Sorry to say won't be going back.

I love sushi, AYCE more than anything!
BUT I am 'that guy' who only eats cooked things...not much for fish, so if I am going to an AYCE sushi place the menu needs to be broad otherwise its a bunch of stuff I won't eat.
Well, sushi zen rocks!
Plently of rolls that you see everywhere and even more that they do in house.
'The Hulk' was AWESOME and their twist on the 'Japanese Lasagna' was great!
(California roll with mozerella cheese and cream cheese melted on top) The *only* reason I gave it 4 and not 5 was that occasionally the rolls take longer than I would expect (not just the 'baked' rolls either), other than that this place is awesome.
Friendly staff, remember who my wife, daughter and I are, never miss a refill on a drink, overall very nice!
We go at least once a month!

it was just okay for me.. no wow factors.
I had always driven pass this place, so one night instead of driving elsewhere we went here.
Taste wise I wasn't impressed.
The teriyaki was dry even w/ sauce.
My California roll was good, that's a pretty hard roll to mess up.
I wont be going back here.

No the best I've ever had, certainly not the worst.
Good lunch deals.
Good AYCE pricing.
Udon was...
Odd.
My husband liked it, I wasn't a fan.
The broth It was dark and on the sweet side with nothing in it but chewy noodles and some mediocre shrimp tempura.
I can't say it was bad... Just different than the usual light broth full of goodness.
The sushi was good, some of it great...
I'd say, based on my single visit, it's mediocre.
I'll go back, but out of convenience and pricing.
I wouldn't drive out of my way to get here.

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE.. service was a joke.. waitress was flirting with people while taking my order.
Worst oily  potstickers and thinest fish on a roll ever..
I spend $50 on 2 rolls and 2 nigiri .. never got a refill and never got wasabi and ginger when asked several times.
Don't ever go!

Awesome staff, atmosphere & food.
They are always coming up with different designs.
They do tend to serve slower as they get busy but that's why you have to choose the right time.
So far its the only sushi place where they interact with the customers.
Fave's here are the Fuji, Tiger, Spider & Amazon.
Seaweed salad..yum!
Mochi & Tempura Fried Ice Cream, (drool)!
AYCE, priced just right & I have never had a problem ordering more than 1 roll at a time, but really who needs to order more than that, order what you know your going to eat!!
I heart Zen...

very good food & friendly service!
I went with a group of 6 and I was the only one who didn't do AYCE&D as I knew I wouldn't eat enough to make it worth it for me but that was a great deal for the people eating at least a couple of their specialty rolls.
I had edamame, a spicy tuna roll and a cucumber & avocado roll--it was all very good & fresh.
The server and sushi chef handled my group's voluminous requests very well and everyone enjoyed their food.
I tried one piece of someone's 'the hulk' and thought it was delicious & different from anything I've ever seen...but then again, I'm just getting into sushi.
Would love to go back!

This place is awesome!
The service is good, it's clean(which is hugely important when you're talking about raw fish), the food is good and it's affordable.
We come here every couple of months for the All you can eat which is only $25!
Talk about awesome!
Now the deal is you must finish all that you order when you take on the AYCE otherwise they'll charge you ala carte prices which is very understandable, sushi isn't cheap and if it is you have no business eating it.
So prepare to come hungry and leave stuffed to the gills.
The AYCE is totally worth it if you eat even a minimum of 4 rolls, since at the ala carte price you can pay far more.
this place is quiet and awesome and the staff is super friendly, we usually sit up at the bar and chat up the person making the rolls.
If you're going here for things other than sushi I would suggest finding a better place.
but for sushi this place is definitely a good spot!

I'm a bit of a regular here.
I have never ever had a bad experience at Zen.
It's family owned, so expect to wait a little longer for your rolls, but sit at the bar and chat with the guy making the sushi and just enjoy the place.
He's super friendly and will make custom stuff for you if you ask.
The AYCE is a great deal, as it includes 90% of the appetizers as well.
I think the sashimi plate is the only exception.
Do yourself a favor and order the salmon collar off the appetizer menu.
It's a chunk of broiled salmon with just a little salt and pepper that will have you checking and rechecking the plate long for more long after you have devoured every piece.
They only get 3-4 of these with each supply order, but they have always had one when I asked for it.
They also have a wide selection of the standard rolls plus some house specialties and weekly "experiments".
My favorite, the Amazon roll is beautiful to look at and absolutely delicious.
The Hulk roll is fun and tasty to boot, and the caterpillar is another of my favorites.
I have never, in the 20 or so times I have eaten there, had the problems with frozen fish or service mentioned in other reviews here.
Understaffed as they may be, you couldn't ask for a friendlier staff.
The matron of the family often comes out from working the back and I have been sent home with free items just by virtue of being a friendly, familiar face.
Eating at Zen is always a treat for me and my family and we really enjoy each and every opportunity we have to dine there.

Great, fresh sushi.
Nice staff, quick service.

I'm sad, but I really didn't like their sushi.
The rice was extremely sticky and had a bad flavor.
The fish didn't taste fresh and it was pressed onto the gross sticky rice.
I have had better sushi at Walmart or Smiths.
I'm giving 2 stars for the very friendly staff and their appetizers.
The serrano  poppers are very tasty but be careful they are very very spicy.
I also had the miso soup and the vinegared cucumber salad.
Unfortunately, we decided to do all you can eat and after we tasted the sushi we migrated back to the appetizer menu.
Ended up paying a ton of money for a half roll that I could barely swallow, one or two orders of nigiri, which was not edible and some appetizers.
Note to self: Don't order AYCE when you are eating somewhere the first time.

We're a military couple & miss it here terribly.
Friendly staff, nice environment, all you can eat option, all you can drink option, & really great selection.
This is great quality sushi, never had any "frozen" tasting anything.
Love the poppers, I crave them constantly.
Always fresh avocado & veggies as well.
Finish your meal with the mochi!

I don't get out to this place enough.
It's a small place but very good and reasonable.
The sushi has never been bad and I've been here 5-10 times.
It's not my top spot but the best sushi place that I've been to on the north side.

Great family place to go.

Great customer service.
Sushi Just ok.
I had to find out the hard way that cheese and sushi dont mix.
I got the Japanese lasagna sushi.
Sushi with a thick slice if mozzarella.
Yucky.
I guess that was my bad for trying it.
Cucumber salad was good.
Not a bad place but I have No plans  to return.

One of my favorite sushi places in town.
Family owned small venue, staff is VERY friendly and attentive and also helpful with any questions you might have.
Plenty of appetizers included in the AYCE price, specialty rolls available, everything is fresh.
If you're feeling adventurous, ask about the shot they serve with roe, green onions and a quail egg =D

Sushi zen was awesome.
My wife and I had lunch here today and it was a great first experience.
The food and service were both amazing!
Mike was out sushi chef and he was very experienced at making the rolls.

Decent all you can eat but a bit dirty inside.
I'd rather eat at the Denny's next door then risk getting sick here again.
Yes, I said again.
The meat looks like its been left over from the night before and the cooks are American so this is an americanized sushi place that just doesn't cut it.

This is the only place I like eat specialty sushi rolls at.
They have a good deal for $ 25 all-you-can-eat.
It's great cause I can have 3 to 4 rolls and my fav's all cost $ 13 a roll anyway.
I have been coming here for a long time and don't plan to stop.
The staff is really nice too.
They also have a lunch special for 2 rolls $ 14.00.
Love it!

I ate here only once.
They served me cold miso soup and rice that was crusty.
The sushi was horrible.
The fish was not fresh.
The service sucked.
I had to ask for a check.
I had to ask for everything from drinks to napkins.
I never went back.
This place is one of the worst sushi places and I have tried a lot of sushi restaurants.

I keep TRYING to like this place...
Giving it ONE MORE SHOT because it's close to work...
But it's really just crappy if you want anything other than run of the mill rolls.
The Udon is just plain funky with some weird brown broth... Soy and,,, Dunno.
Yucky.
I prefer sashimi to rolls and the fish here just isn't fresh enough to pull it off.
You need all the rice and sauce to make it passable.
If you want to feel ignored and pay to much for mediocre rolls that taste about the same as the ones in the grocery store then this is your kind of place.

Those guys at the zen are alway so nice and the food is always great!!!
I've been going for years!
And I will keep going!
The sushi is always fresh and the apps.
Are awesome too.
Thank guys for all that you do!
Keep up the great work!

Sorry to put this place down, because they are nice people, but I would never go back.
Everything tasted old.
I was afraid I was going to be sick, but luckily it did not happen.
Really bad.

Service is horrible.
Sushi chefs are slow.
Takes them 10 min just to make 1 roll!
There was only 3 tables occupied and the waitress says "sorry for the wait, we got busy all of a sudden".
3 tables is busy for a Friday night?
Sushi was okay but nigiri had a lot of rice.
Looking for a sushi spot?
Don't go here...

Service sucks and food not that great I eat one roll and that's all it took for me to leave right away.

The worst sushi I have ever eaten in my life.
Beware of this place.
The sushi is terrible and you are wasting your time eating here because you will be disappointed.

Me and the wife have been living close to Sushi Zen and decided to go give it a try.
This is my first place that I have ever been for sushi and the experience was very good.
The place is comfortable and the menu is easy to read and they have a lot of options.
The price for single sushi dishes can be pretty expensive so we decided to try the all you can eat which was 24.95/person.. they also have a all you can eat/drink for a little over 30/person which includes alcohol.
This may seem pricey however the dishes you can get range from any appetizer, sushi, nigiri, rolls, desert.
They have so many options from many varieties of fish, caviar, sea eel, sea urchin, crab, scallops, soft shell crab, oysters, squid and many others.
The price we paid was well worth the experience and we will most definitely be making another visit.
The employees were great and spoke fluent english.
The place is family owned and everyone has a friendly vibe.
I was joking about how I tried the urchin but it wasn't my thing and the guy who was making the sushi agreed and taught me about the fish and what to look for in freshness and flavor.
A great experience and one that should not be missed.

Love this place, everyone is so friendly and the food is great, been to a few other places and they can not compete with the zen.

I come here on a weekly basis for lunch.
Awesome friendly people with good conversation.
The sushi is good and not overpriced either.
Love it.

Love this place!
Sushi Chefs both guys are phenomenal.
Don't let the nonasianess fool you.
He is married to a Japanese girl and was traditionally trained.
Love the Lion Roll.
Down the street from us.
Awesome service at the sushi bar, great chefs!!!!
So attentive and friendly.
Great for a Neighborhood Sushi Bar!
I'll be back.
:) I was starving craving sushi after work.
They really hit the spot.
And I'm picky.
I'm a sushi connoisseur and having worked at a sushi bar myself, where I learned a lot!!!
Secrets of the trade!
Sushi Zen is great!
Prices are reasonable too!

This place was down the street and decided to give it a try.my husband and I were very disappointed,15 minutes after we walked in finally after being ignored for a while we finally got someone in to give us a roll then we had to wait another 15 minutes just to get a second roll and still were being ignored the server was pretty nice they were not too busy but seem to act like they were.

This was our second visit here and both times we have not been disappointed.
The rolls are very good, Sapporo is always cold, and the service is good.
Their sushi bar seats about 15, the tables around 25.
There is plenty of elbow room but no wasted space.
Two flat screen tv's behind the bar will provide entertainment; 1st time we were here Wipeout was on and everyone in here had a great time watching it and interacting.
Today the Spurs/heat game is on.
The prices are very reasonable for the quality of food.
Definitely on our "we will be back" list.

Eh.
Last time I ate here the waiter understood that i don't eat meat and don't like to pay for meat im not eating, therefore he gave me Xtra Tempura Veggies instead of the Shrimp which comes with the order and is $6.95.
Well tonight, the sweet older lady said Not to worry, but when she brought it out it was no more than 6 pieces of veggies.
For $6.95.
I think not.

Follow up: I called Sushi Zen to speak with a manager or the owner.
The phone was handed off to the non-employee who used to work there.
She pretended to be the manager and then when I asked for the owner, explained that the first person I spoke with was the owners daughter and was busy now.
BUT the owner was in Japan and would be available in 2 weeks.
In the mean time she could give us a free drink next time we're in.
LOL.
Never Again!!

