-buffet -the guy behind the counter was sooo filipino "corny" -they did not have much dessert selections but fruit, come on now we are KNOWN for dessert -the bathroom was big and clean -a lot of drink choices -they did not have any ice cream scoops either -the little grocery store to the side was somewhat dark and possibly closed -ate the beef steak and onions (i love me some onions) that was swimming in grease -we are known for grease -food was tastey but had better -no sinigang, boooooooo =RICE FRIED WITH SHRIMP PASTE IS WORTH THE HYPERTESION

For a $6.99 Filipino buffet, this place is pretty good.
But I have to mark down a star because they kept running out of food!
No more halo-halo, no more lechon kawali, no more sago gulaman, no more egado for the rest of the day, and it was only 2pm!
And there were no plans to make more.
So sad!
Otherwise, pretty good, especially for the price you pay.
So the lesson is to go early!

i came here with high expectation seeing that my cousins, that have only been in the states for about 4 years, told me about how much more better it is than Pinoy Pinay and all the other chains.
This place gets 3.5 stars!
I mean really.
A Filipino buffet for $6.99.
You cannot beat that with a bat.
With an array of selections, it was hard to just pick here and there.
My only gripes of this place is the food is a little oily and the rice was a little mushy.
Maybe they just put too much oil and water...hahah.
Pretty much from there, you get what you pay for.
I had everything from the pancit to the beef steak.
Pretty tasty food, not too bland, but then again it is what it is.
Don't come here expecting you are gonna get GREAT home cooking.
You will get what your $6.99 pays for.
Have I made my point clear yet?
Would I come back?
Maybe if I was really hung over and I can't find a PHO place that looks decent around the STRIP.

Aww....we ended up at the wrong Nanay Gloria's.
I thought they'd be the same, but my boyfriend is convinced the other location is better and homeier.
They had a ton of choices, except no lechon or lumpia :( We got there at 4pm and there were still quite a few people there, so they're continually refilling the buffet.

I was going to hit up the Rio World Carnival Buffet but decided to venture out a bit.
Ok, so I spent way too much money in Vegas already so my purse strings started to tighten up a bit.
You can't beat $6.99...well you can at $5.99, but I couldn't find a place for that price so here I went.
Nanay Gloria's is a total hole-in-the-wall kind of joint.
When you're eating you feel like you were at a relatives house.
The food was good.
Extremely greasy, but good.
I've always considered Filipino food to be the Mexican food of Asia.
Greasy and always makes you want to take a nap afterward.
There were many dishes I've never had before, but luckily I had a couple of my good friends who are Filipino help me out in describing to me what I was eating.
With each crispy-fatty bite I felt my taste buds heightened to a new level.
The food was actually good!
The lechon had crack sprinkled on top which is the reason I couldn't stop eating it.
I tried not to fill up on too much rice so I could try everything else.
There were 2 different types of curries.
I'm sorry I don't know the proper names, but one was pork and the other beef.
Both well seasoned and tasty.
The healthiest thing I consumed while during my Filipino cuisine were probably the 2 cans of Coke.
$1 for each can I may add.
So my buffet meal came out to under $10.
Not bad right?
Would I come here again?
Sure I would, but first I'd have to have an angioplasty to clean out my arteries from the first time I came.
Nanay Gloria should really consider expanding this place just because it was a little too crowded at times with all the people coming in for take-out orders as well.
I said so many "excuse me's" that the phrase lost all meaning!

For Filipino buffet, this place gave us a great first impression.
But after a few more visits, we noticed that the quality of some of their dishes were just average.
One star goes to a pretty good selection of authentic dishes for only $7.
There's about 25 dishes that include Pancit, Chicken Tinola, Lechon Kawali, Laing, Kare Kare, and Crispy Bangus.
The standouts were their Sinagang na Salmon, Adobo with skinless chicken/pork, and their colorful and spicy sisig with bell peppers and crispy pork skin.
But don't expect to see a large dessert selection in this buffet.
Only Ginitaan and some fruit were available during our visits.
I'll give them another star for having Mang Tomas (A popular Filipino all-purpose sauce used for lechon and other roasts) and Jufran banana sauce available at EVERY TABLE.
Speaking of tables, this place is cleaner than most other Filipino buffet joints I've been to.
Their unlimited Fried Chicken SKIN (another standout buffet dish) deserves one star by itself.
Where else would you find hoards of crispy chicken skin?
Sadly, or not, I can eat this crunchy goodness like popcorn.
It's not good for you, but hell....whatever happens in Vegas.....right?

All I can say is you get what you pay for and for around $7 I got a lot.
All the times I've been to Vegas, I've never ventured off the strip but thanks to some kababayans, they recommended this place after a couple of days of overpriced food options elsewhere.
They had a lot of different options, but I chose the ones I was more familiar with like pancit, fried chicken, kare kare (my fav, but my mom's is still the best!
), sinigang, and lots and LOTS of sisig.
I know it wasn't the most healthy choice, but this is Vegas and I would pay the $7 just to eat a plate of sisig.
I took my Vietnamese friend here and even he had more than 3 plates of food.
Along with the halo-halo, I would say my $7 was well spent.
I will definitely be coming back next time I'm in the city.
If you're looking for a five star restaurant, go spend $30-$75 somewhere else.

AYCE Filipino food!
If you're in the mood to have some decent, not-so-greasy Filipino food (DJ Bibingkahan diss) with no limit, go here!
It's your average Filipino taste, nothin really like your moms or dads of course but it does the job.
They have fruits for dessert and they always have ginitaan (sweet rice porridge with coconut milk) which is my favorite here.
If you don't like the taste of any of the choices, put it on your plate anyway an use the All-Purpose sauce they have at every table called Mang Thomas!
Thats right ALL-PURPOSE!
Food don't taste right?
Mang Thomas.
Ran out of banana catsup?
Mang Thomas.
Need a little lube?
Mang Thomas.
Thirsty?
Mang Thomas!!
Need an oil change?
Mang Thomas!!!
NEED WORLD PEACE?!
MANG THOMAS!!!!

For a starving filipino whos craving for some filipino food this is the place they have it all there spread is awsome wit all the filipino favorites i first fell in love with this place 3yrs ago an they still got it goin on

Last time I went there the food is very bad.
Fried chicken was head and dry, sinigang na isda has lots of Bones the fish is not fresh, most of the food are cold the shrimp or meat that they put in the dish is very frugal never will I go back there again.
Sorry!

-First Filipino buffet i have encountered -Should offer more deserts -The only thing i ate was the sinigang and the sisig, and it was delish - The other things on the menu, not so great.
-Not bad for a filipino buffet.

My family and friends went here after a  long stroll in the strip....coz we have been eating Nanay glorias in LA.
and its good there we just couldnt pass this on...and honestly we are not dissapointed..Personally food was just right according my taste buds :D....we will definetely come back here and eat some more of the goodies...it just could have more desserts and more fruits :)..other than that we loved it.
and recommend it for ayone who craves for pinoy food.

My husband and I were in Vegas in November 2011 to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary and were searching for Asian food.
When I found this place, I thought, perfect, there's a Filipino place nearby.
I was disappointed.
Service was very nice, but very slow.
I was 3rd in line and only ordered empanadas but had to wait in line to pay for half an hour - seriously - my husband made sure I knew how long it took.
Granted it was not completely their fault since the people in front of me were ordering for their families and seemed to keep changing their orders, but then there should be a re-evaluation of their ordering system.
Just have a separate express line for people picking up small ready made items like drinks, chips, etc.
instead of the one cafeteria-style line.
After eating my empanadas, sadly it was not worth the wait.

Everything here is close to my mama's cooking.
Maybe that's why they put the word "Nanay" in the name of the restaurant.
Nanay means mother btw.
Best value in Las Vegas for Filipino food.
Forget Goldilocks, forget DJ Bibingkahan, and forget Pinoy Pinay.
Nanay Gloria's is the place to be!
$7.99 for AYCE Filipino food.
Be careful tho, eating too much here will catch you in a food coma quick!
I always get the salmon sinigang.
TOO BOMB!!!
For dessert, try the warm ginitaan.
It's the white soupy looking dish.

I really want to impress on readers how this restaurant has gone downhill within the last couple of years.
Nanay Gloria's on Maryland Parkway used to be a good deal for your dollar, but things have changed, and I feel, it's to save money as much as possible.
Firstly, if you have children between the ages of 1-3 years old, they will be charged.
It doesn't sound like a lot--$1.99, but more respectable buffet eateries don't usually subscribe to such practices.
Still, they didn't use to do this.
Secondly, they've gotten rid of trays.
Yes, trays.
This is a cafeteria style buffet line, and you are expected to fill your plate and carry it to your table by hand.
That means multiple trips back to get water and your silverware.
God forbid that you happen to be carrying soup...and with a kid in tow.
Talk about an accident waiting to happen.
I honestly feel they got rid of the trays to discourage customers from filling their plates.
I actually asked them why they got rid of them, and no one could give me a decent answer.
But, trays are just practical at any eatery, and I strongly condemn this restaurant for  getting rid of them.
I've always liked their kare-kare (ox-tail and tripe in a peanuty broth) which is always complemented by a sauteed shrimp paste (known as ginisang bagoong).
I remember how I used to love their sauteed shrimp paste.
Now, it tastes as if the shrimp paste is coming straight from the jar without being sauteed.
The pancit was left wanting, as it was more noodle than anything.
There were big chunks of the "rootier" parts of the cabbage--not the leafy part, and it left the dish tasting too bitter.
Their curried chicken at the time I dined there, had veggies that were undercooked, and I happened to scoop up the chicken's neckbone, which, in my opinion, wasn't going to do a ravenous diner any favors.
Do they expect that I'll be sucking on a length of neckbone just to lap up the last bits of curry?
If they want to add it for flavoring, they should remove it prior to serving.
The dessert items are very limited.
They always have a hot dessert on the food line, but the selection of fruits and other sweets were very limited.
Trying to sit down to a clean table was almost impossible.
Even the cleanest table that we were at felt sticky to the touch.
They need to not only remove dishes, but they need to really wipe down their tables (and chairs) better.
In all, I think Nanay Gloria's likes to rely on the reputation it had in the past.
As a local here, I can honestly say that customers are better off eating elsewhere.
I am no longer impressed.

I have tasted better Filipino food.

Coming from the bay area this place pretty much rocks in terms of value and overall variety... We came here 10am on a Friday and food was of course piping hot.
Sisig seems to be the best dish and the hot ginataan mais was a nice treat.

Staff was nice but as for the food, not so much.
Fried rice is really dry, the dessert is an assortment of fruits, and by the time I wanted to get dessert, everything was gone and was not replenished.
The free water was not refilled, but the ice bucket was over flowing.
You have to pay before eating which I found kind of strange for a sit down restaurant.

If your craving for some flip food this is the place to go.
It's also cheap 7.99 per person on the buffet.
It's the closest you can get to home cook food.
Space is pretty decent because they have an extension so you do not need to worry about not sitting at all.
Parking is pretty ample so you would have to worry about your car getting scratch.

For $7.99 per person.
I really didn't expect much.
I spent $10 for a slice of mediocre pizza at the strip.
(I was THAT hungry)  3:00 pm bf decides that he's hungry.
Friends were dining at buffet and forgot to invite us lol.
Most buffets on the strip close 2:00pm for lunch.
So we caved in.
It was a pleasant surprise.
The place was simple but clean, nothing too fancy.
There was a TV playing the Filipino channel.
Bathroom was clean (thank goodness)  Sinigang was yummy.
Wasn't shy of sampalok (tamarind) Rice was cooked well (not too dry or soggy) Pancit was well seasoned with salt and black pepper and had slices of veggies and pork here and there Pinakbet was spot on  Bulalo lacked a bit of flavor but still good enough, you can count the bone marrow in the tray most of it were veggies and broth.
Chicharon was a bit chewy but nothing too bad  for dessert they had a fruit tray, I settled for the watermelon.
And it was fresh and sweet.
def refreshing for the hot weather last weekend  Again for 7.99 you get your money's worth.
Better than the $10 pizza slice I paid for.

Strictly comparing the food at other Filipino restaurants I give this place a 2.5.
No "blood" stew included in the buffet while the other Glorias locations do.
Overall food quality/authenticity is OK at best.

All you can eat filipino food buffet.
Delicious, affordable, friendly environment, TFC shows on TV screen =)

Their phone kept ringing and ringing and no one's answering their phone!
Its been two days now!
In order to value your customers, you have to pay attention to your callers too!

No tissues on the tables.
No trays.
Dirty place.

This place is cheaper than the "Ito'y sariling atin" store.
That is a big plus for me.
There aren't a lot of people and the place isn't really decorated but hell, the place is cheap.
That's all I care about.
We had to-go because we were ready to go back to our hotel.
The woman that put our food together I think was rather tired that day so she made a mistake by putting the wrong kind of soup in our to-go box.
Oh well.
I'm not really picky.
The food was average and cheap.
That's really all I care about.

We pre-order a whole lechon for my mom's 85th birthday bash and deposited $100 cash  two weeks in advanced.
When its time for pick up on jan 4, 2014 sat.
The employee from nanay gloria  has no clue whats going on and did not even attempted to remedy the situation.
It's good thing we kept the reciept and got back our money.
The bad part is my mom is expecting a huge crowd approximately  50 people , some of them from out of town.
We have to scramble  our resources to accomodate our guest.
Nanay gloria  employee  did nothing to help us out, no explanation how they lost our lechon .
Very unprofessional and uncompassionate !!!
Kabalen pa naman!

I visit this place earlier as Im craving for filipino dish...It is an affordable place I paid $ 22.44 for 2 persons and they charge $1 extra because I used my debit card.
I didn't argue with the extra charge but still its not usual..
The place was not at its best not too clean.
The food was ok nothing special the taste was so..
So...the dessert uhmmm dont like it!
I've been to couple of buffets here and I can say that this place is ok but not recommendable.

Do NOT eat here!!!!!
got empanadas and they were SPOILED, SLIMY, GROSS!!!
I was so upset, drove back and got my refund!!!!
I know they re-use left overs.
I will never EVER go back!!!
You've been WARNED!!!

