I'm new to Yelp today, and I'm an idiot.
I'm about to tell you all about someplace you apparently do not know about.
If you had, it would have multiple rave reviews.
The BBQ Company is more of a caterer than a restaurant, the hours of their dining room are are only 11:00 - 3:00 Monday to Friday and their location is in an industrial park south of Sky Harbor Airport.
Do not let anything in that previous sentence dissuade you of making a trip, though.
It would come as no great shock to you that one of the primary menu items is BBQ.
They do BBQ real good, and rank second on my list of rib joints (first place being the Country Tavern in Kilgore, Texas).
What really stands out to me about this place is that every damn thing is good.
I have visited this place about 10 times, and have made it a personal goal to not order the same thing on the menu twice.
In addition to the smoked brisket, Turkey, pork and chicken, they have excellent sandwiches, salads, and a pretty good Tortilla soup.
A friend of mine swears they have the best tuna salad he's ever had, the Ancho BBQ Meat Loaf is awesome, and in addition to the regular menu, the specials are generally fantastic.
The day I go back and they have their Chicken Fried Steak special is the day I break my vow about ordering the same thing twice.
The sides are very good, the prices reasonable, and oh yeah, the catering is pretty good too.
Check out their web site at http://www.thebbqco.com/ and plan your trip.
It can be pretty difficult to get in to Fridays around noon, it's easier earlier in the week or away from the peak lunch time.

BBQ, plus.
You will find you're regualr ribs and pulled meats.
Plus, wings, sandwiches, burgers, even wraps and salads.
My absolute favorite is the The Big Tex -- A pile of thick-sliced smoked brisket with melted pepperjack, horseradish and onions on a jalapeo cheddar roll.
Not for wimps!

I agree with Michael H wholeheartedly!
Unlike him though I always get the same thing and it is not BBQ:).
I always get their Lazy A Chicken sandwich and it is awesome!
I have dined in and have received delivery through their catering.
This place is always jam packed at lunch time but it is a pretty big place so the wait is usually minimal.
Everyone that I have taken here loves it.
It is a hidden BBQ gem and I almost don't want to tell people about it:).
So if you work in the area definitely give them a try you will not be disappointed.

I just had my first taste of this place today.
I'm a fan of Honey Bears except now making the bbq decision won't be as easy.
This place had great ribs and brisket and the pulled pork was excellent also.
The blue cheese coleslaw was tasty and the southern beans were nice and sweet with a good brown sugar flavor.
This all came on one mixed plate.
My friend had the brisket plate and it was good but not great.
A tad dry but the flavor was good.
Apparently the 1st and 3rd Wed. of the month is all you can eat and the place is a madhouse.
My only disappointment was that they didn't have any cobler - not that I could have fit it in.
I'll be back.

I remember coming to this place many years ago and totally loving it.
I recently went back and it was just OK.
I had the pulled pork sandwich and it wasn't very tender and covered in sauce (albeit very good sauce) and onions string as a side.
The onion strings looked really greasy, but once I tried them they were pretty tasty and crunchy.
I'll go back because there are so few dining options in this area of the Valley.

I managed to hit the AYCE buffet (all you can eat).
I was psyched!
Then disappointed.
It was fair but not what I made it out to be in my mind.
It's honeybears for me next time for a change but I will be back.
The cobbler was decent for an AYCE buffet.

I'd rate this a 2.5 if it was available.
The restaurant is thoroughly mediocre in my opinion.
They have a fairly boring and standard line up of barbecue, burgers and sandwiches.
The prices are fairly decent compared to many barbecue places but the sauce and cooking is pretty average.
The sides are nothing exciting and some of them (coleslaw) I won't order again.
Nothing about this restaurant stands out to me as something to look forward to when it comes up on the lunch rotation.
The all you can eat buffet seems like a waste unless you are trying to add to your waist.
You can get plenty to eat for a couple of bucks less by ordering off the menu and the days when they have the buffet, its a madhouse trying to get seated.
The parking is also terrible.

Never trust a BBQ place that serves it's meats drowning in BBQ sauce and grease.
Mediocre at best, bordering on "not good".
Sides were "meh", BBQ sucked, prices were high.
I can't believe so many people come here.

I enjoyed a fine BBQ lunch today.
One element that stuck out to me the most was how friendly the waitress was.
We were a group of 15 and asked for separate checks and the girl was still just as nice as can be.
She smiled when she came to our table and was very helpful when we were all trying to figure out our orders.
The BBQ Co. has an interesting drink setup where the cups and fountain drinks are set out and you get your own, then they just add your drink to your tab.
It was cool - the only problem I ran into was being in the middle of the booth and not being able to get a refill because everyone else was eating...so I sipped on my ice.
The meat was tender, and the sauce wasn't too runny.
I would definitely go again.

I'm not sure I understand the mediocore reviews.
Some co workers took me here for lunch one day last week and I thought it was awesome!
I had the pulled pork sandwich and the pork was tasty and tender.
The fries that came with it were crispy and yummy.
I thought the price was good too.
Now I don't claim to be a barbeque expert by any means.
I have not tried every barbeque place on the planet, but this was yummy stuff in my opinion.
Will I go back?
You bet!
The staff were friendly and our order was taken quickly and served not long after.
One of my co workers had the brisket and he said it was tender and delicious.
I would say the only drawback is that they are only open a few hours Monday thru Friday.
So if you're out this way at lunch time, try it!
I don't think you will be dissappointed.

Well this place has grown on me a bit since my last review and so I am giving it another star (or half star i guess since i wanted a 2.5 before).
I have found a couple of sides I really enjoy (sweet corn medley, and cowboy beans).
They often have specials of the day that are very interesting.
They also have some pretty interesting regular dishes like the Q-spud (big baked potato covered in bbq meat and other fixin's and the Q-Turkey is a BBQ turkey sandwich).
I actually find myself liking the Sweet Sonoran Heat sauce they have on the table.

Thanks to my friend Erin for showing me this place.
Tucked away in an industrial park, I was finally impressed with a BBQ place in AZ.
The place fills up quickly, so she recommended we get there around 11 or after 12:30.
On the first and third Wednesday there is a buffet - but this was not that Wednesday.
Looking at the menu I ordered by name and chose the Big Butt.
It was a huge pulled pork sandwhich and I couldn't finish it.
I ate the pork, but left the bun and some of the fries.
I found it to be tender and juicy.
It has some sauce, but I sprinkled a little of the molasses on top and it was the best I have had so far in Phoenix.
I would definitely come back to this place.

This is the best BBQ and pulled pork I have had since Virginia!
I was told it was good but could not fathom it until the first bite, then the second and third..........
The flavor carried over to all of their meats served and everything else at the buffet was worth the 20 minute lunch wait.
I got the buffet not because I actually eat enough to get a lot of food but so I could try a little of everything.
Too bad only open for lunch but in today's economy that tells you something if they can make it only serving lunch.
NOT greasy as some have tried to say - I cannot stand greasy food and it's a BBQ joint of course the meats got sauce........ Now GO!!!

They have a full roll of paper towels at each table if that says anything to you.
I love the brisket sandwich but the pulled pork sandwich would be my next favorite.
The ribs are great, the fries are seasoned and crunchy, the beans are spicy, and you get a pickle to boot.
The drinks are self serve...usually when getting seated they mention this to you.
My second trip there the hostess forgot so if it's your first time, go get a drink before you sit down.
Only thing keeping this from 5-star was the last waitress I had there.
Ideally I'd give this a 4.5 star review but the last waitress really wasn't on the ball.
She had a "don't care, just here for the paycheck" kind of attitude.
Our food took longer than expected to come out, although it is worth the wait.
Overall, don't pass this place up.
Maybe you get good service, maybe you don't, but you're guaranteed to get some damn good barbecue!
Oh, and they're only open for lunch during the week.

LOVED going to this place when I lived in Phoenix!
Always thought it was a bummer that they were only open for lunch M-F.  Never had a bad meal and always looked forward to the next lunch with co-workers.
It was always worth the wait for a table.
Recommended to everyone that was looking for good barbeque.

I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet!
If you haven't been here for lunch you are most definitely missing out.
There's a reason why I go here and can barely find parking every visit but I wouldn't care if I had to park a block away and walk.
The barbeque is better than any adjective I could use to describe it.
If you're not sure what to get, just get the sampler plate.
I'm partial to the brisket sandwich.
If you like barbeque, I recommend giving this place a go.

Red rover red rover send my taste buds over.. to bbq company!
My father and I were in need of lunch and I wanted to try something different.
Asked a friend and he said this place was awesome.. then I realized it was on the same street as the ware house I go to weekly.
So for 5 years I have sadly missed out on this place and settled for soft food or waiting till i made it home to eat.. how sad.
Parking was easy.. walked in, place was clean and pretty busy but it was no issue to get a seat even at 1pm.
I had the Big Butt pulled pork.. wow!
Bring the napkins!
It was packed full of not just meat.. but also this little secret thing that only some restaurants have discovered called flavor..  say it with me..  Fl--aaaaa-v-ooorrrrrr... emphasis on the R at the end..
The mashed potatoes reminded me of something my grandma would whip up and I ate every last bit of them.
One thing I really liked.. you get your own drink.
Now here me out..
I like service and all, but it can be a pain to wait over and over if you are real thirsty.
And.. well I was :)    I finished the whole sandwich, and the part of it that did not fit on the bread.
I surly would have licked the plate had I been at home, it was that good !
5 stars, Ill be back next week for a meeting too!

Good BBQ!
Always is packed,not much parkng.
Order online & pick up!

I love this place.
They are close to work and they serve the food in large portions.
I have to get my hands dirty and they don't judge me when I use utensils to eat ribs.
If you do use your hands though there is paper towel on the table that you are free to use.
I would like to call on an artist that I like and I think his song illustrates what this place is all about.
Robert Earl Keen "Barbeque"  Ooh, when I was a little boy, only one or two First thing I did enjoy was a plate of barbecue  Barbecue, sliced beef and bread Ribs and sausage and a cold big red Barbecue makes old ones feel young Barbecue make everybody someone  If you're feelin' puny, you don't know what to do Treat yourself to some meat, eat some barbecue  Now there was once this girl I knew, she treated me so mean I offered her my barbecue, she licked my platter clean  Barbecue, sliced beef and bread Ribs and sausage and a cold big red Barbecue makes old ones feel young Barbecue make everybody someone  If you're feelin' puny, you don't know what to do Treat yourself to some meat, eat some barbecue  Now don't give me no broccoli or any Swiss fondue Baby, if you want to rock me, give me good ole barbecue  Barbecue, sliced beef and bread Ribs and sausage and a cold big red Barbecue makes old ones feel young Barbecue make everybody someone  If you're feelin' puny, you don't know what to do Treat yourself to some meat, eat some barbecue  Don't send me to Heaven, it ain't where I should go 'Cause the Devil's got a charcoal pit and a good fire down below  Barbecue, sliced beef and bread Ribs and sausage and a cold big red Barbecue makes old ones feel young Barbecue make everybody someone  If you're feelin' puny, you don't know what to do Treat yourself to some meat, let your feet hit the street Find a good place to eat, get some barbecue

An old work buddy told me to try this place out, so once I switched jobs to a closer location, I tried it.
Let me tell you, this place is fantastic!
I had the dynamite sandwich with their kentucky blue cole slaw.
The brisket was nice and tender and very flavorful.
The dynamite sandwich comes with slow cooked pepers and chiles - not making the sandwich spicy hot - but adds a notch flavor to the brisket.
BBQ Co's sauces are all sweet with a variance of spice.
I liked both the Red and Sonoran Heat.
The staff was awesome.
My waitress was very polite and took care of my bbq needs :)  You can tell that the owners/management know how to run a restaurant!
Just look around and watch the staff as they prepare your meal proficiently and take good care of their customers.
Im adding two thumbs up to my 5 stars!

I meet up with my husband here for lunch since we both work nearby.
You have to get here early (before 1130)  or the lunch crowd will have you waiting a while for a table - especially if you are bringing a group.
Food and drink are basic but good.
Sometimes the service is a bit slow but it's not intolerable.

Really close to my work.
I love the open faced sandwiches and their brisket.
Too bad their hours aren't longer.

Wonder where the  guys hang out at lunch?
Looking for manly men who still eat meat?
THIS is a real BBQ shack, no namby-pamby dishes served!
Fish sandwich outstanding, great tartar sauce!
The Reuben with the blue cheese slaw on top Fabulous.
Tortilla soup, just spicy enough to show it has personality!
Salads - the JR sizes are just right for lunch.
I have never had anything from the menu I didn't LIKE or LOVE.
Service is excellent.
The Iced Tea (prickly pear) is most excellent & refreshing.
Go Here.
Go Now.
Go Often!
Support your local biz or you will be stuck with corporate chain food with no one to blame but yourself!

Had the  Dynamite Sandwich, which is described as so on the website:    "An explosive blend of sliced brisket, peppers, chilis, onions and jalapeños, sauteed with Red Diamond sauce, and piled on a jalapeño roll with melted pepperjack.
"  It was very good, very spicy, and I'm definitely getting more of them.
Our favorite item was the Fried Onion Strings, however.
You know the problems with ordering onion rings at a restaurant:  too much breading, or the onion is nasty, or you take a bite and all the onion pulls out of the breading and you have nothing left to eat except empty breading, or they are too greasy?
These don't have any of those problems.
Very light crust, super-light, and the onions can be tasted and they are good onions, not too strong or too sweet.
No grease at all.
We loved them for $1.95 and next time I'm ordering more of them, since the plate is a little on the small side.
That's my only complaint - the portions were a little on the small side.
But you can remedy that by going back on the FIRST WEDNESDAY of every month, when they have a $12.95 AYCE lunch buffet.
One last problem - they are only open for lunch, and weekdays only.
Hours: 10:30am - 3:00pm Monday - Friday.
If they'd expand hours and make their portions a smidgeon larger, I could give them 5 stars.

Fantastic place to go for lunch...chicken and ribs are awsome!!!
I have been eating here for the last 3 years and food is vert consistent.

I had a bunch of coworkers tell me that I need to go check this place out because they had great BBQ, and just as many coworkers tell me not to bother because it wasn't good at all.
Finally I had to try the place and I have to say- 1 of the groups was right.
The place is aptly named "Barbecue Company" because that is exactly what it comes across as.
I walked in to a place where it looks like they took a lot of time to make it look all rustic and Midwestern; with picnic tables, rolls of paper towel, etc... so I thought that was a nice touch.
I ordered my food though and wow- what a disappointment.
BBQ to me is one of the few foods where you can't fake it.
It's not like a burger joint where all you have to do is throw some meat in between 2 buns and you're golden.
With BBQ it has to be authentic and flavorful or else it's crap.
I will say that the meat on my "Fat Butt" sandwich was tender with not too much sauce- but it literally tasted like they went to Safeway, got some jars of generic brand BBQ sauce (not even the good stuff) and put it on their meat.
It's like if McDonald's tried to streamline production and open a BBQ restaurant.
There was no flavor, no spice, no kick- just Blah.
I ordered it with the "seasoned fries" and here again was the same problem- they didn't take french fries and season them up or anything, they just ordered "seasoned fries" from their distributor, dropped them in oil, then served them on a plate.
You can get the same things at Jack in the Box (and those are at least curly).
Maybe I'm spoiled because I like places like HoneyBears (which I'm sure this and every other BBQ joint in the valley is tired of being compared to) but at least there you get actual flavor in the sauce and you can tell that it comes from people who really know how to do BBQ.
Same with the fries.
Go to Five Guys if you want to taste seasoned Cajun fries.
But if the BBQ Company didn't want to go to the trouble of doing them right then just server French Fries and leave the seasoned part out of it because you really are doing yourself a disservice.
In the end, a Barbecue "Company" is all it comes across as being.
I don't know the history or the owners- but it tastes like some investors got together and wanted to capitalize on the BBQ fad so they bought into it and tried to paint by numbers.
Save your money instead of going here and go to one of the true BBQ restaurants or even just go to a burger joint.
At least there you know what to expect.

Yeah the Pulled Pork sandwich is pretty delicious.
The Mashed potatoes are good too.
They are only open for lunch by the way and since they get busy if you are getting take out you should call ahead.

Parking can be a challenge at this place, especially at peak lunch times.
You've been warned.
I normally get the Q-spud with pulled pork (big baked potato with all the fixins AND a pile of pork on top) or the sandwich with spicy BBQ sauce, topped with bleu cheese-infused coleslaw...
I think it is called Dynamite or something.
Can't recall exactly since it has been 'buffet day' the last few times I've been there.
That's a real treat since they do an 'all you can eat' thing with beef, pork, chicken and rib tips along with all the sides, including dessert (normally cobbler and pudding).
I think that occurs on the first Wednesday of the month, but would check the website to be sure -- it gets REALLY crowded on those days, especially around noon.

Everything here is so awesome!
the pulled pork cannot be beat.
They have several different BBQ sauces to pick from too!
The corn side dish is THE BOMB!
Awesome salads too..
If you crave some pork, this is the place to check out!

The service was great here, but I'm not sure what all of the buzz is about!
The food was average...really nothing to write home about!
I had the bbq pulled pork sandwich and I really didn't care for it.
The sauce was to sweet.
I guess I'll give it one more college try, but I'm not too excited about returning!
(sigh)

The BBQ here is amazing.
There is a large crowd especially on Fridays so you may have to park down the block.
Luckily I work right across the street.
You get alot of meat for you money.

As BBQ in Phoenix goes - this is one of the better ones.
Get there early - they fill up FAST!

This is a diamond in the rough.
I like to try out the local eateries instead of the chain food places when I travel.
thanks to yelp and you yelpers I found this place and well worth the the time it took to find it.
Our group tried a little of everything and the staff accommodated us as we ate the food family style so we could try a bit of each others.

= = = = = =  BARBECUE COMPANY BUFFET!
= = = = = =  OMG!
Just when you start to become a jadin', fadin' Buffet maven, you stumble onto a place like THIS!
You whip in to this super busy, midsize, out-of-the-way place to find an inviting dining room filled with the fantastic smells of BBQ cooking!
Settle into a comfortable booth & get ready to get blown away by how good it is!
Mike C. joined me today to try their Lunch Buffet, which featured 13 main food items:  Cole Slaw, potato salad, cornbread, baked beans, Chipotle Cheddar Potatoes, Corn Medley, sesame buns, BBQ pulled pork, BBQ beef slices, smoked rib tips, Kickin' Chicken, bread pudding, & bowls of chocolate pudding with strawberry sauce on top.
Then it's on to help-yourself soft drinks.
I found every bite of the food here to be just terrific, & the table service was tops too!
BBQ (& Buffet!
) just don't get any better than this.
It was SOOOOOOO 5 Stars!!!
Barbecue Company's Buffet is served on the first Wednesday of each month from 10:30 AM.
It's $14.95 including beverages & YOU WANT THIS!!
:-))

Rand H. and myself went here today for the buffet and it is only on the first Wednesday of the month.
Well I wish it was every day of the month because everything I had was great, pulled pork,chicken,beef briquet,smoked rib tips,baked beans,whole kernel corn,potato salad,coleslaw and potatoes.
For dessert I had bread pudding and chocolate pudding with strawberry syrup on top.Everything I had was great and I can not wait for a return visit.
I think they might just need an update every month (lol).

Only stopped by once while on a job site close by, as you can tell by their hours (10:30 to 3 M-F) they cater to the industrial area lunch crowd.
We had the rib tips and dynamite sandwich both were very good, although a bit on the pricey side.
The place is quite clean and off the beaten path but I'd definitely stop by again if I was in the area.

First time here and all I can say is....wow REALLY good and nice staff.

After reading all the reviews, I really expected more from this place.
Their pulled pork sandwich was not very good.
The meat was tough, and there was no smokey flavor whatsoever from the meat, just an incredibly sweet sauce with ketchup consistency that overpowered everything.
The other sauces on the table were just as bad.
The sides were pretty good, however.
I liked the blue cheese slaw and the cowboy beans, but sides are not enough for a BBQ place to stand on.
Normally, I like to visit a place several times and try multiple things from the menu before I can say whether I like it or not.
Because the pork was so bad, I'm reluctant to give this place another shot.
I'm from the South, and I haven't really found any place in AZ that can cook pulled pork properly (only Pork on a Fork comes close).
However, the pulled pork I had to day at the BBQ Co. was some of the worst I've had in the Phoenix area.

I came here with a friend who has been here many times and recommended it.
I wasn't disappointed.
First, we came during the lunch rush and it was busy.
However, we were still seated immediately and served by a friendly waitress quickly.
The food then came out in about 5 minutes!
I had the rib tip plate, and it was very good.
My friend had the pulled pork sandwich which was also good.
It's out off the beaten path but worth the trip.
When you pull into a place out in a strange location, and it's packed?
Good sign.

Great food and service at a fair price.

Food overpriced for being mediocre.
Customer service needs a lot of work also.
They messed up my order and then tried to charge me a $1 "re-plate" fee.
I won't be back.

After trying several of the other bbq joints in the valley, I might have finally found the "ONE"!
Had the 4 bone rib meal with sweet corn medley and potato salad, and it was all delicious.
The ribs literaly melted in my mouth and weren't smothered in sauce like some other places.
The service was super warm and friendly as well.
I will definitely be back!
This place is only open Mon-Fri 10:30-3:00.
The place gets crowded for lunch.
Get here right when they open or after the lunch hour.

Came here from recommendations from people.
Was particularly intrigued that they only open during lunch time, which I assumed they would focus all their efforts in that short span of time.
We got there pretty early...10mins after they opened, luckily because the place got filled up quickly.
We both got the sampler and was pretty good.
Briskets and pulled pork was my meat of choice and were tasty.
Potato salad and fries were ok.

The best barbecue in town...hands down!!!!!
The rub on these ribs mixed with the tang & sweetness of the sauce is a match made in heaven!
I stumbled upon this place with my coworkers and was completely blown away with how great it was!
I now go at least once a week for lunch.

Great food, good service.
Rib tips & wings are my favorite.
Less one star because of the hours.
Would be a great dinner place.

Right off the bat I had problems had to wait almost 20min to be seated was seated BY The Waiter then accused of seating myself.
after getting that settled I ordered the slider trio and found a hair in my fries ugh.
after having to argue with the waiter again that it was indeed not my hair I finally got a new plate only to find there pulled pork tough and disgusting overall crappy service crappy food do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.

Yelp deserves the shout out for this find!
As soon as we landed at PHX for the first time we were hungry.
Where to eat?
I dunno, ask Yelp.
Yelp directed us to not only the closest place but the place with the most reviews.
And thank the lord.
This place wins on a lot of fronts.
French fries: I know it's a BBQ joint, but their french fries are fantastic.
Especially if you order like we do, "extra crispy.
" This is the first time I've ever heard my dad approve of the french fries he's received for being the right amount of crispy.
Ribs: Saucy, fall-off-the-bone delicious.
Salads: Cobb Salad was huge, covered in delicious meat and vegetables and ended up being two meals.
Mashed potatoes: They be real potatoes.
Unlimited refills on soda.
This place is super comfortable and family friendly.
There are a lot of booths and big tables so I can see it getting really crowded at times.
I'm pretty sure we showed up at an off hour and got seated immediately, but I definitely see a long wait piling up.
I deducted a star for the parking lot and random things that weren't great.
Like, forgetting to bring us boxes to take our food to go or those wetnaps to clean up after a messy, messy lunch.
Small things, but just enough to remind us that nothing is ever perfect every time.

Q-Spud=greatest lunch ever.
It's a baked potato with your meat of choice, bacon, cheese, bbq sauce, green onions and sour cream.
I can generally eat half of one in a sitting.
With the Q-Spud comes my single complaint about The Barbecue Company: The menu lists "Q-Spud...with chicken/turkey, with beef/pork, or with no meat".
Twice I've asked for the Q-Spud with no meat, and the waitress argues about if that's called a "Q-Spud" anymore.
I don't really care if "Q-Spud" implies meat, the menu lists a meatless spud as an option.
Don't argue with me about it, I didn't write the menu, you know what I'm asking for, so just write it down however the cook will understand.
I've also had the brisket sandwich and chopped chicken sandwich, which were both good.
I've heard rave reviews on the Caesar salad.
There are three different BBQ sauces on the table to dress up your lunch, ranging from sweet to spicy.
I would love to try the pulled pork, but I stopped eating pork :-(  Overall, the food is very good.
We've had company lunches catered by BBQ Company a few times, and that's also always been great.
We get chicken, ribs, beef, a couple of sides (the coleslaw has blue cheese in it, which is a GREAT touch) and cookies.
Always hot and plentiful!
There aren't very many real restaurants in this business area, so this one gets pretty busy around lunch time.
Even so, I've never had to wait an absurd amount of time.
Prices are good, considering you get a full lunch (and leftovers, for me!).
There are frequently lunch specials to round off the deal.

Slider trio for lunch.
Pulled pork, chicken & brisket.
All on dinner rolls with seasoned fries and pickle spear.
I enjoyed the pulled pork the best.
Brittany (server) was vey friendly & nice.

Only open for lunch.....delicious BBQ!!

= = = = = =  BARBECUE COMPANY BUFFET!
= = = = = =  Stopped in again today for the "First Wednesday of the Month Buffet", this time joined by Arlin B.
& Mike C.  Everything was the same as in my previous review below, which is to say TERRIFIC!
:-))

I visited this restaurant on a brief trip into Phoenix.
I'm from the South and have had the pleasure of eating at many top notch BBQ establishments throughout the country.
The Barbecue Company is solid BBQ that will hit the spot.
It is not the best I've ever had, but I did not leave disappointed.
The pulled pork sandwich was well cooked and well sauced and the accompanying sweet potato fries were excellently crisped and seasoned.
If I returned to Phoenix and was in the mood for BBQ I would return here without hesitation.

Un-Real best BBQ, very good!

Very good barbecue.
I've been here a few times and almost always get their pulled pork sandwich.
It is very tender and flavorful.
It's too bad their hours are so limited!
The place can get a little crazy during the typical lunch hour so be prepared to wait for seating or be patient with the service -- they are great but spread way too thin during rush hour.

First off, I'm no bbq snob but I have been to Texas enough and tried a number of  bbq recipes to know what bbq is supposed to be about: the flavor of the meat, not the sauce.
The only reason i gave this place 2 Stars is purely based on the flavor of the sides that we had (cowboy beans, garlic mashed potatoes, and corn) and of course, the Barqs Root beer.
Each  meat (ribs, pulled pork, and brisket)  was very dry with bland flavor, except for the extreme saltiness of the brisket,  In fact, the brisket was the only meat where you could taste the meat through the sauce  so it was disappointing the taste was salt.
The fact that this place has an industrial location, only open for lunch, and closed weekends says everything you need to know: this is intended only to be a lunch break spot for those that work in the local area.

Try the wings.
Seriously.

Just happen to be in the area picking up some parts from a vendor for the shop and happened to ask the UPS dude where is a good place to eat.
He said check this place out.
UPS drivers are the best for food places.
A little tricky to find.
Located in a light industrial park.
Good thing I had my smart phone to ask it for directions.
Got the Dynamite Sandwich with hot links and fries.
Also ordered a side of Kentucky Bleu Cheese Coleslaw to check out the flavors.
Large portions for a decent price.
Food was tasty.
Pretty good sized menu with a range of items that differ from most BBQ places.
Different types of sauces on the table to choose from depending on what you like.
Service was extremely friendly and helpful.
Inside was nice and clean.
I hear they have an all you can eat buffet on the first Wednesday of the month for a great price.
Looking forward to going back again to try more stuff.
Smokin!

Man, this place is just around the corner and I'm just discovering it now.
Lots of other people in the area apparently are all in the know though.
It's a small brick building, but inside it resembles a kind of weird mix of wraparound lunch counter (circa 1960) and tables.
Never asked what style of BBQ these guys use, but it is likely some form of Texas with sliced brisket and thicker ribs, but they sauce the meat here.
The chopped chicken is mixed meat and cashier steered me towards the turkey instead of the brisket.
This was an excellent pile of smoked turkey on a sesame bun - simple and to the point.
The sauce was good and I got to sample all three including my favorite sweet and hot variety (not hot at all, just a twang).
THe sandwich at 9 bucks was worthy with a side, but use the $1 off coupon on the website and you will feel better at $7.95.
Tough choice on the sides, but being a blue cheese addict went with Kentucky Blue Slaw.
Yeah, nice try, but even though the slaw was excellent with a thicker chop, there wasn't enough blue cheese present to give the slaw anything other than a watery blue cheese/mustard?
taste.
Still good though.
I got here almost right after it opened at 10:30, but about 11, things were humming already in the lot.
Go early or late or call it in.
Brisket and Beans on the next visit possibly in a baked potato which is clearly a Southern item.

This place was pretty good.
I got the MexiCali Pork salad which had a generous heaping of pulled pork!
It didn't have much else but the pork was delicious.
I looked at what the others in my group got and everything looked a-ok.
Which is why I'm giving this 3 stars

If you are in the mood for some good BBQ then this is the place.
Just make sure you get there early they get busy quick.

My husband has been telling me about this place for years, and since they are only open for lunch I have never had a chance to eat here!
Well I finally had my chance, and he was right!
The decor is nothing fancy, but the service is friendly and the food is amazing!!!
I had the four rib combo with two sides.
The ribs were delicious, and generously slathered with a great BBQ sauce.
These were some of the best ribs I have ever had!
As for sides, I got the garlic mash potatoes and the blue cheese cole slaw.
The portions for the sides are a good size.
The cole slaw was good, but the garlic mash potatoes were to die for.
My husband ordered the thick sliced brisket and loved it.
It was very tasty and tender.
He also had the mashed potatoes as well as the grilled vegetables.
He said they were very tender.
If you love great BBQ this is the place to come and eat.

I am REALLY SHOCKED by the other reviews...
This place is the worst!
And I say that with a lot of evidence.
As it's near my office, I am continually conned into going back (always against my will).
I have tried almost everything here and nothing is good in my opinion.
The ribs are awful (definitely not "fall off the bone as stated in another review").
Every side item is worse than the next.
I've tried the sandwiches, chicken, rib tips, salads, you name it...
I am embarrassed that our guests from out of town think that this place represents American barbecue...

I've been going to The Barbecue Company for a while now.
I used to go once a week.
Then I started going twice a week.
The last two weeks I've been there three times each week!
I can only speak to two menu items.
For a long time I got the Rib Tip Plate every single time.
It's a pound of delicious smoked rib tibs and a side.
They have great sauces, but I usually get them dry.
I always pay a little extra for the steamed (or grilled) vegetables, but I've heard their blue cheese cole slaw is fantastic.
Recently I have been ordering their Wing Plate.
The plate includes 6 whole wings smoked then fried.
They are absolutely the best wings I've ever had.
They have two sauces, regular and hot, but they're fantastic without any sauce at all.
The Wing Plate also come with a side.
So what's a hungry man to do when he can't decide between wings and rip tips?
They have a solution: The Wing and Rib Tip Combo Plate.
Booyah!

I was exited to try this place but it did not meet my hoped for expectations.
If you are spoiled on good Southern BBQ then this probably isnt the place.
I think Famous Daves Chain is better than this place.
The hole in the wall feel of thjs barn shack of a place in and industrial park had me thinking good thoughts.
The wonderful smells when you walk in and the great menu choices if pulled pork, brisket, ribs, chicken, sandwiches or plates made me want to try several things.
Unfortunately they didn't have a small combo plate to try 2 meats and veggies (they have one option for $19 which is too big for most lunches).
I went for the standard pulled pork sandwich and slaw and ordered a rib on the side.
I got to try the fried okra and sweet fries my buddy ordered too.
Positives - good sides options (okra, homemade slaw, sweet potato fries, cornbread).
Staff were very friendly and welcoming and helpful.
Sad items: pulled pork sandwich was drenched in sauce.
I judge a sandwich by the tenderness of the pulled meat and smoky flavor and then add some sauce to balance for taste.
This one had much sauce which is usually an indicator of hiding the real goodness of the pork.
Ribs - they were not tender baby backs but very fatty and not fall of the bone variety which I adore.
Glad I didn't get a whole rack here.
My friend who got the rib tips platter wasn't too happy either.
We wouldn't say it was bad tasting, just not great BBQ.

I could not wait to try this place after reading the reviews.
I started a new job that the Barbeque Company was in the general vicinity of so I took the first lunch trip I could to the Barbeque Company.
After getting lost on the way over, I finally made it.
I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and blue cheese slaw.
The sandwich was good but was too small and didn't make the impression I was expecting.
The coleslaw was good.
I didn't feel that I received the value that I paid for and left a little disappointed after all of the hype.
I believe that I possibly just ordered the wrong item and will probably be back to give it another try and probably try one of bbq plates rather than a sandwich.
I will re-edit if the experience is better which I expect it to be from the decent reviews.

Went there today for the first time with coworkers.
The ribs had a tangy, slightly spicy (slightly) sauce which I really liked.
The fried okra was good.
The bleu cheese coleslaw was a little bland but still good (I just added a little s&p).
The cornbread was more like...cake.
It wasn't bad at all - just not what I expected.
I probably wouldn't order it again.
Service was friendly and attentive.
All in all, I liked it, and I look forward to going back.

Delicious.
If you like BBQ and you don't mind adding an inch to your waist, this is a great place.
I had the BBQ nachos, which I was told that they were new on the menu.
They were great.
The cheese was ballpark style and not "fresh," but it sure was delicious.
All my coworkers had sandwiches, which looked delicious.
This is a great place with a good-sized menu.
And you won't leave here reeking of BBQ smoke.
Great lunch place if you're in Tempe b

Saw this place on TV and thought I would check it out.
I had the rib tips and chicken platter.
It was really good.
There was good flavor on the tips and the sauce was Caramelized perfectly.
The wings are the whole wing and had good flavor (I liked the hot better than the BBQ).
If you are a Texas BBQ person go here with an open mind and you won't be disappointed.

Put in a catering order to feed our team at work (7 guys with BIG appetites) we got the #1 catering combo with 1.5lbs brisket, 1.5lbs pulled pork, 1.5 lbs mashed potatoes, and 1.5 lbs cowboy beans.
Added on 1lb Chopped chicken and 1 dozen soft rolls.
We ordered for same day pickup, and it only took them about 20 minutes to put that all together, which is impressive.
I now have 7 happy team members, with 7 full bellies, and NO left overs.
All of the meats were fantastic, so were the sides.
I'm generally a tough critic on barbecue because I've spent a lot of time back east eating delicious bbq, and this absolutely did not disappoint.
I can't say which of the 3 meats I liked better, as they were all 3 astounding.
I will definitely be eating here again, and I'm definitely going to have to check out their all you can eat first Wednesday of the month like all the other reviews here suggest.

Advisory for all new college grads working in this area:   So, you thought the "Freshman 15" was horrible?
Well, prepare to meet its not-so-distant cousin, the "Cubicle Cincuenta" if .
1) You have a sedentary job  2) Said sedentary job is nearby The Barbecue Company (The BBQ Co)  My work was in this area three years ago, and I know I packed a bit on.
Chalk that up to taking two years off from Track & Field.
It's not the best barbeque you will ever taste, but it makes for a delicious lunch.
My coworkers and I would go WAY too much.
Everyone leaves happy.
Some of my favorites .
1) The Texas Twister: Brisket with barbeque sauce capped with fried onion strings 2) Classic Pulled Pork Sandwich  3) Q-Spud: Behemoth loaded baked potato with your choice of meat  4) Caesar Salad with the Salsalita Chicken   As far as sides go, don't miss out on the Kentucky Blue Cheese Slaw.
Seasoned fries here are just OK.
Sorry, no alcohol is served for all you lushes out there looking for a pint or three.
Always friendly service; the ladies here got to know everyone in our office by name.
Oh wait, not sure if that's a good thing .
Someone get us into The BBQ Co Addicts Anonymous.
Hit up their website for Barbeque Bucks.
Have to spend a minimum of $5.
Don't forget that punch card, either!
If I recall, the first Wednesday of the month they do a BBQ Buffet.
Never partook, but looked ridiculous.
Tip: NOT open on weekends.
If you don't mind your jeans screaming in protest a la cutting into your skin from all the calorie-laden goodness, hit up The BBQ Co for a workweek lunch sometime!

I guy I worked with took me to this place and just when I thought I has found all the great BBQ places in Phoenix....
The Big Thang is an awesome brisket sandwich and also try the BBQ chopped chicken.
The service is outstanding !

Decent BBQ for AZ.
Limited selection however for what I like and they dont have a sliced moist brisket.
this place has some of the best Wings in the valley and for that alone i leave this review.
Get them dry rubbed!

Surprisingly this place was really good I couldn't even finish my plate.
Will definitely go back :)

Pretty darn good BBQ, and actually measures up against the good BBQ places of other cities.
Baked beans aren't sweet, but has a pop of cinnamon flavor each bite.
If you're expecting the Texan experience, then you might think that the portions are small at first-- but it's definitely a full meal.
I had the brisket sandwich and baked beans, which was enough but very slightly on the pricey side at $10.75 total.
Great food, and they serve it up quick during the lunch rush which I generally weigh a lot of value to.
It shows that the kitchen has it together in the back.

After hiking a mile to it!!
Closed till spring!
' 0 stars.
Don't say your hours and post your open when your not !!!

This place is close to my office so we hit it up for lunch from time to time.
I've only tried one thing on the menu, and it was pretty tasty.
The portions are healthy and the service is quick.
I planned on trying a few other items on the menu so I'll definitely be back.

If you like over cooked dried up brisket,  this is your place..... Is not for me.
The smoked meatloaf was very salty and tasteless.
The chicken salad was all dark meat which answers the question of where the rest of the bird goes when preparing the chicken plate toted as all white meat.
Even cooper's town has better BBQ.
Skip this place,  there's better places.
Service was good though...
Thanks Britney

Awwww yeah!
Get in here while the getting's got to be gotted (what?)!
Though only open for a few hours, TBC serves up some dishes that still makes me tingle in all the right places.
And wrong places!
Okay you can stop dry heaving, now.
The BBQ Sampler Plate seems a bit pricey at about $18 but you do get a nice spread of:  2 meaty-ass ribs 2 choices of meats 2 sides Either a biscuit or cornbread  I went for pulled pork and beef brisket for ma meats and spicy cowboy baked beans and veggies for ma sides.
Everything I ate made me want to slap Chris Brown's mother in the face...with flavor!
Beans were indeed spicy and smoky, veggies be awewsomely buttery/oily/delicious, the pulled pork was tasty but the brisket....  Oh.
My.
Beef.
Shitgoddamn that brisket was good!
So tender, so juicy, so moist!
Like what I imagine Olivia Wi...nevermind - rambling of the mind.
Bottom line: Eat.
Here.
Now.
Grade: Everything really is awesome!

First time here.
Actually showed up on Buffet Day which I'm told is First Wednesday of every month.
So it was great timing.
But, they didn't have Ribs on the buffet which is what I wanted to try.
So I ended up ordering the Q-Sampler to get a taste of 2 meats of my choice and some ribs.
I went after the ribs first and they were really delicious.
Super smokey and really moist.
I immediately regretted not going after the full rack of ribs.
But I got into the brisket which was also fantastic and moist.
I also got some corn bread that was amazingly moist and tasty as well.
So the theme here is good BBQ that is very moist.
I highly recommend the ribs!

I'm trying to find redeeming qualities here.
I ordered the brisket plate and was sorely disappointed with the brisket.
The garlic mash was fine, the veggies were average, the coleslaw was decent, and the beans weren't that special.
But the brisket was just awful!
It was brought out in 3 long, thick strips with grill marks on them.
All 3 pieces were tough and dry.
Tasted like someone trying to imitate BBQ.
I expect brisket to be moist and juicy.
I should be able to easily pull it apart with my fork or teeth.
This was nothing like real brisket.
On a positive note, the service was great!
Also, thanks Kris for the note.
Because of your response I'll come back and give it another try.

Honestly the best barbeque restaurant.
I always prefer pork for barbeque and they have the best pulled pork.
Their fried okra and seasoned fries are really good too.

