I have been to this location a few times.
When you have a child it's almost unavoidable.
I must say that this location is nice, clean and the employees are friendly and helpful.
My sister and I took my daughter here for lunch as a birthday treat and she had a great time playing the games.
The employee who was working at the prize counter was very patient with the kids even when it got busy.
The food is average but they have a great lunch buffet.
Pizza and salad, all you can eat.
Adults are just $4.99 and kids are $3.99.
Good deal!

A great place to take the kids that will not break you.
With all of the kids and parties going on, the place is always clean and the food comes out pretty fast.
It is not the greatest pizza, but the kids love it and they love you even more for taking them to PPP!

The service was very nice and helpful, gave use water cups before our order no problem.
Our order was ready in no time and it was pretty decent pizza.

Great activity for kids.
It's clean, spacious and safe.

4 stars...are you people kidding me?
Me thinks I cannot trust yelp any longer.

This, like similar places, is a crazy-kid free-for-all.
It's dirty and has a gross smell inside.
And it's lacking the child safety wristbands to ensure that child A in fact leaves with Adult A (so many of these places now have some degree of safety in place with so many kids running everywhere).
As far as kids' entertainment goes, Peter Piper Locations are a bit small and rundown compared to other options that offer WAY more for similar or only slightly more money.
These options include Makutu's Island, Amazing Jake's, Dave and Buster's, and GameWorks.
Honestly, Peter Piper's is scuzzy and I'm not sure how it survives.
I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because - despite my reviews - my kids still want to come here so they can trade 2000 tickets for fake vampire teeth.

= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =  Stopped into this very nice, mid-sized Peter Piper for lunch today.
After settling up with friendly cashier Jasmin I ordered up a custom pizza for this visit, as follows:  Thin Crust, Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, Red Onion, Jalepeño & mushroom.
Over at the tossed salad bar they had the recent "usual" of Classic Caesar, Garden Ranch and Mandarin Cranberry.
All were good, but the Caesar was particularly good this time, customized by the preps with lots of small slices of cheese in it.
("Neo Classic?
)     :-)  In a little while my pizza was up & it was DELICIOUS!
(Photo.
)  Then after wolfing down most of IT, I settled in at 4 Stars & was about to leave when out came a pizza that was so gorgeous I had to grab a slice of it & head back to the table.
(Photo)  Wow, was THAT ONE ever good, too!
It was Original (medium) Crust with Double Mozarella, Pepperoni, Italian Sausage and bacon.
I left this place loving the experience and adding another Star!
:-))  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $5.99/$5.39 Sr.

Super yummy buffet for Jacobson elementary's early release eat out event.
Kids had a blast, while adults got to sit back and enjoy pizza, salad, breadsticks and dessert for a reasonable price!

We had a kids party here with about 7 kids.
The place was pretty clean and the arcade center was alright.
The pizza was overly expensive for its quality, but the kids didn't seem to mind as much as the parents did.
Overall it was a good experience for the kids and an okay experience for the adults.
But I guess that may just be the way it is.

