This is the finest veterinary specialty clinic I have ever used.
Every person in the office was helpful, courteous, and kind.
The clinic is large and light and clean and inviting.
The veterinary radiologist, Dr. Arch Robertson, expertly performed a cystocentesis on my cat, the next day following up with the lab results and discussion of next steps.
The internist, Dr. Ale Aguirre, was equally compassionate and professional, and clearly explained potential causes and treatment options.
I highly recommend Vetmed, when you need a specialist for your pet.

Tonight, my 15 year old Maine Coon is recovering from surgery to remove several cysts on his liver lobes.
He is recovering nicely after Dr. Foote and staff took great care.
My first experience with VetMed was when my boy needed an ultrasound at my regular vet and the next day Dr. Robertson came to perform the ultrasound.
Great bedside manner and also let me stay right next to him while they were doing the exam.
When my vet contacted me with three recommended choices of surgeons to go to and VetMed came up as an option, I knew who my choice would be.
Today I waited with my cat prior to his surgery for a few hours and then sat around while he was being operated on.
Dr. Foote and Ashley were great at explaining everything to me and making me feel comfortable.
The rest of the staff were very polite and while I felt a bit like the "crazy cat lady" because I sat around waiting for the "good word"...
I was glad that I didn't seem to be a burden.
After the surgery, Dr. Foote came out with a smile and explained how the procedure went, how my boy did and then she brought me back to see him while he was in recovery.
Hopefully, if he's doing well tomorrow, I'll be picking him up and taking him home with me.
The facility is probably one of the nicest veterinary facilities I've ever been to.
So clean and also very professional.
Great staff as well.

I had a horrible and heartbreaking experience with this place.
I brought my 14 year old dog there on a Tuesday afternoon upon the recommendation of my veterinarian.
He started vomiting and was very lethargic a few days after having a dental cleaning at my veterinarian's office the previous Thursday.
Up until the dental cleaning he was the picture of health.
Within a few days he became very ill and I took him right away to the veterinary clinic where he had gone his entire life.
After a full day at the vet's office he was not responding well to the fluids and drugs they gave him and they decided he needed 24 hour care and referred him to VetMed.
VetMed wanted $750 immediately and then made us sign a bill for another $2500 and said they would be doing an ultrasound to determine what was wrong.
Then the next day we got the bad news that he had an abscess on his liver which they were going to treat with drugs.
On Thursday he was not responding to the drugs and wanted him to have surgery to remove the abscess and my husband had to go there and give them another $4,000.
They performed the surgery on Thursday and by Friday he was not breathing on his own and passed away of a heart attack on Friday.
They called my husband to tell him the bad news on Friday.
I never received a call from the place telling me how sorry they were and never heard a thing from them.
Today a week later someone from their office left a message in a very cheerful voice telling me my dog was ready to be picked up.
Of course they were referring to his ashes.
This has been the most distressing and heartbreaking thing I have gone through since the death of my mother from a brain tumor.
I feel this place totally takes advantage of people when they know they will do anything for their pet.
Here is the link to my review of Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital http://www.yelp.com/biz/pinnacle-peak-animal-hospital-scottsdale#hrid:2FCh21xqWzn5DHjyeGujqA

Friendly staff.
Little paperwork.
Modern, clean, nice smelling office.
Very polite and professional techs and doc.

My dog was having seizures and needed immediate attention.
Dr. Grant and her technicians were soothing, courteous and knowledgeable.
Henry was admitted quickly and I was able to visit him and have all my questions answered.
I took Henry to VetMed because my wife, who is a veterinarian, was unavailable  to treat him and she said I could trust the doctors there completely.
Henry was in the hospital for 24 hours, and was well taken care of.
Thank you Dr. Grant and Staff!

Our Roxie was experiencing renal failure, our regular vet told us she had to be put down, they could not help her.
We took her to Dr Aguirre at VetMed where he took new blood tests which did not match with the vets (untrue findings) and he told us he could absolutely help her.
He was clear that this would be a costly procedure and had us think about what steps we would be willing to accept.
He was not pushy nor did he make us feel pressured in any way.
Our pup was 5 years old, had she been 14 I don't think we would have put her through the treatments.
It was a tough go, she couldn't lift her head and was near death.
After 5 days of treatment at VetMed she was still very exhausted but she wagged her tail and that was the sign she was on her way back to good health.
Dr Aguirre is amazing.
Professional, intelligent, loving and the most kind person I have ever met.
Roxie gained her weight back, she is doing very well and has continued with the compounding medications Dr Aguirre prescribed.
I know there are many who can not afford to pay a high cost to save their pets, and I understand completely their decision to let the pet pass on.
But we were fortunate to find Dr Aguirre and to save our sweet 5 year old Wheaten Terrier.
The best friend my husband and I have ever had.
THANK you Dr Aguirre.

I have been to Vet Med with three of my beloved dogs now.
Never good news but kind of expect that when you go to a specialist.
Twice I have seen Dr Aguirre and I have nothing but good things to say about him.
However, my last experience was horrific!
I took my 4.5 yr old Jake in who was diagnosed with congenital kidney disease.
His values were off the chart but he did not fit the profile of a dog with his values as he was still happy, playful, running around with his littermate, eating, etc.
It was all of our hope that in addition to CKD that he had an infectious disease to account for the astronomical blood values.
So I checked him in on a Thursday morning and got him hooked up to IV therapy, antibiotics and had the battery if infectious disease tests run.
I was told that as the results were returned I would be notified.
I wasn't!
I would give it several hours after a test was to be returned waiting for a call, which NEVER came.
I would then call seeking the result and again, I would not receive a return call.
At that point in time, communication was critical and yet the staff did not communicate with me.
I checked him out that Saturday morning because while I went in with a dog that  no one could believe from his disposition was so incredibly sick, when I saw him Sat morning it was evident to me that he had taken a 180 in the course of 10 hours and I had a visibly sick dog.
He was listless and his body was trembling but no one could tell me why.
I later learned that what I was witnessing that morning was the fact that he had gone into liver failure too overnight.
But it took until that following Monday for anyone to tell me the results of his lab work even though I was told I would get them before noon on Saturday.
Again, communication was critical and the weekend staff failed to communicate with me or allow me to speak to his specialist....who is later learned only works Mon thru Fri and us not available on weekends.
This place sells itself as being 24 hour critical care facility.
NEVER again will I take my beloved animals there....EVER

We arrived on Vetmed's doorstep at 10:30 PM on a Tuesday night after calling ahead to make sure they would be there.
We were let in along with our dog who had pretty serious back problems and could not urinate on her own.
A tech who was experienced with expressing dog bladders took the time to try a couple of techniques all the while trying to show us what to do.
But alas, the problem was too serious and our dog could not find relief, just as we had been trying to do the same thing ourselves with the same results.
We knew our dog had been suffering with this back problem for some time and with this complication, we decided that she just needed to be done with all of this discomfort, poking, prodding, etc.
So we decided right then to put her down.
Every one of the staff was just incredible in their compassion while at the same time taking care of all of the necessary business involved.
They all seemed to care about our dog as much as we did.
They gave us a choice of what to do about the remains, and even provided a paw print cast which our daughter really appreciated.
And I felt this was all priced reasonably especially considering the late hour.
I think we were all impressed with the waiting room, the exam room, the staff, everything.
We were thankful to have that quality and compassionate help at a time when we needed it so badly.
I cannot recommend them highly enough.

My cat was diagnosed with fatty liver disease.
Penny is 2 1/2 and was going to die from liver failure.
As you can imagine this was a very intense situation for me.
Up to this point, I have spent $2500.00 on her.
I was referred to VetMed by my local vet because my cat need a procedure that my vet didn't perform.
Penny needed a feeding tube and VetMed charged me $1900.00.
OBVIOUSLY this is a lot of money for a single mom who's in finals at school to fork over, so at the time of service I inquired about everything being inclusive in that price.
e.g.
Was I going to have to pay to take this out etc.
The vet told me that everything was included in the price.
Great.
Thank you.
Have a great day while I go home and tube feed my cat.
However, that was not the case.
A few days ago I received a call informing me that my cat will need weekly dressing changes and guess what?
It's not included in the price, it's about $30.00 a week.
For a dressing change?
That takes 5 minutes?
That cost pennies on the dollar?
I'm starting to believe that these so-called pet lovers love the money and not your pet.
How hard is if for them to do the right thing and change my cats dressing so she doesn't get an infection on top of everything else she's got to deal with?
Yeah, I'll do it myself.
Thank you VetMed for nickel and diming me.
Real great of you.

