What a great place to get food, beer, wine, and home decor

My favorite place for wine!
I come here a lot, but mostly for the wine.
The store is cozy, and the staff is super helpful.
Their wine guy here can tell you just about anything about every kind of wine.
And, if you're a World Market Explorer member, you can get some sweet discounts too!
Another favorite about this place, is the unique treats they have.
From chocolates to jam, the food is great!
Overall, the staff, selection and wine make this one of my favorite stores in Happy Valley!

Decent, but cramped and most of the furniture simply isn't my style.
Some credit is due for their food and wine selection, but to be fair you can find most of it at Whole Foods at a similar price.

Great customer service.
They are always trying to find a good deal for me.
Unfortunately, the coupon for 49% off one item was only good for regular priced merchandise on that one particular day...and wouldn't you know...there was NOTHING regular priced that day!

Great for gifts and wine!

My step-mother told me that Cost Plus carries lots of flavors of syrup for coffees.
While that is true, they didn't have the Gingerbread syrup I was looking for, so #fail.

Big fan of Cost Plus World Market.
Excellent selection of food, love their kitchen gadgets section, wonderful books, and terrific season selection of housewares.
Service is warm and inviting.
Great selection of teas and coffees also.
Really cool mini-picnic items for a day with your sweetie.

LoOove this place.
I am addicted to so many things here.
From knick knacks, to gadgets, toys, furniture, lamps, throws, but especially the imported foods.
The kitchen gadgets are neat and dining sets are nice.
Wines are at good prices here and if you get on the mailing list, huge savings.

LOVE this store.
It's especially fun to look for interesting ethnic food items.
There is a selection of sample sized items as well which is nice when you want to try something new in a smaller size.
Join their rewards program and you will often receive discounts.

This is a great store, I usually buy most of my home decorating items from this store.
The prices are reasonable, the staff is stellar and the store is always clean.
I very much enjoy the different varieties of foods that they have.
Japanese soda to English cookies, this store has a nice selection of foods from around the globe.
Plus they have a rockin card section, in my opinion the cards there beat out Hallmark by a long shot!

