Thanks, but no thanks.
This review is brought to you by one of the craftiest girls in the east valley.
I'm a pro-am pastry chef, taught scrapbooking classes, blow glass, make jewelry, paint, draw, knit, quilt, sew, decorate, and am basically just a creative chick.
Oh - yea - I'm also a professional graphic designer, by trade....
So needless to say, I've frequented Michael's many a time.
Tuesday, I went to this Michael's to purchase an airbrush.
It was difficult to actually find someone that knew what they were actually selling - let alone if someone had keys to the "locked up" merchandise, but after hunting someone down I finally found someone who could assist.
So, I found my airbrush -- to the lady to ring it up -- used a 40% off coupon (score) and the total (pre tax) was $97.
After deciding I wanted a different airbrush, I gathered up my receipts and went to the store.
After about 15 minutes, I asked the sales lady what was going on and she explained that "Company policy for the return on fine arts over one hundred dollars requires the general manager to be present and that she couldn't refund me my money.
" I asked her where that was posted and why that wasn't explained to me when I bought the airbrush - I also explained to her that the transaction, sans tax, was really only $97.
She then apologized one more time, and then told me that they've had a lot of problems with fake receipts and that they weren't really sure if this was a real receipt, but if I could come back tomorrow....  No offer to take my name and number to have this resolved No offer to provide me with any other alternative than to come back to the store and talk to the general manger.
When I called corporate this morning, they verified the receipt, called the store and then told me I could return it as they have validated that it was a legitimate purchase.
I then called the store manager to find out if I needed her to be there for the return, and in her kindest and most trained voice she said, "NO honey, just bring it in.
'  I then tried to explain to her exactly what customer service is, how cost of poor quality affects the bottom line (even if the poor quality is subjective like customer service) , and how by not listening to the voice of the customer, not only has she done a disservice to that Michael's tore, but to the actual Michael's brand.
And no lie, she laughed at me.
So for all you crafty chicks out there, a new Hobby Lobby opened on Greenfield and Baseline (but they aren't open on Sundays).
Arizona Art Supply is on Southern and McClintock for your fine arts needs.
The fiber factory and tempe yarn are both in the east valley if you knit.
Scrapology is on Lindsay and Chandler Boulevard if you scrapbook.
If you prefer to make jewelry, then the best bead store in the world is on Priest and Southern (and it's not wholesale),if you are into soap and soap making I would suggest going to Sprouts.
Frames are always a bargain at Target or Aaaron Brother's.
For flower arrangements and bows, go to  Joanne's.
If you like RC and models, there is a hobby shop on chandler boulevard and Gilbert, as well as Gilbert and baseline, and there is a pretty cool hobby store on Val vista and Elliot.
And finally, as far as  all the other kitschy stuff Michael's peddles, you can find it at the dollar store.
The Dollar Store always has a ton of fun things to do - and there is a dollar store located at chandler boulevard and Val vista on the southwest corner.
I have officially boycotted Michael's.

This review is ONLY based on the service I received from the cashier girl this afternoon that I visited (dang I forgot her name)!
I asked her about the Cake Decorating Classes that they have to offer (from which I read about online) and she took her time to explain to me what I need to fill out in order to register for the class, the materials I'd need, and when the classes are.
Very nice, very helpful, more employees here should be more knowledgable like her.
Most of the time I am just roaming here, lost and not able to find an employee to help me.. thank goodness for this nice young lady!

While the store was a bit disheveled as we walked through it, they had some pretty awesome sales going on plus I was able to print a couple of good coupons online, so my savings were pretty fantastic.
:)   I usually like to walk through aisles and browse through items without having to step over piles of things or worry that item dangling from the top shelf will fall and injure me in some freak craft accident.
However, the service I received both times I visited the store this week from the framing department was phenomenal!
I am pretty bummed I didn't catch either of the staff member's names who assisted me as I would like to give them the proper shout-out.
They were very helpful, knowledgeable and went through some extra effort to meet my deadline.
(Yes, I had a deadline for a frame.
Please don't judge me.
)    All in all, I would return to this store to check out their store clearance items and for framing.
All else (scrapbooking, baking, etc.
) would be a "maybe".

My spousal unit tried to find a cartridge for her CRICUT.
She tried to choose several different ones but they were ALL sold out.
Also it was very difficult to hunt someone down.
It took about 45 minutes to find someone for assistance.
The seriously need a better system.

In the custom framing department.
One girl for 5 customers??
Girl has called twice for help but nobody is coming.
So much for customer service.

I come here quite often because it's close to my home and I'm usually working on some sort of project.
It is always very unorganized.
They never have enough checkouts opened.
Still...
I keep coming back because they've got what I need and I can count on their weekly coupon.

I had a feeling it was gonna be bad but I didn't know it was gonna be this bad.
Came in here looking for yarn, and I immediately didn't like any I liked or was worth looking at!
The colors were a mix of 70's and late 80's ski suits or 90's glittering string for cats.
Ugh, Anyhoo, saw a color and brand that was ok and when I saw the price I nearly hit the floor!
$4 something for a ball of yarn not even enough for a mouse tea cozy.
Your better off going to walmart for yarn, or any other place that specializes in arts and crafts, just not here.

I like Michaels but I think the customer service at this location needs a bit of an overhaul....or I just get all the grumpy ones.
I am glad that Hobby Lobby moved in across the street.
Right now the coupons are the only reason I go to michaels.

Had to give 1 star as it would not let me give this a ZERO star rating, which is what they deserved at this store.
I had a "50% off Entire Regular Price Purchase Martha Stewart Crafts Paper Crafting" delivered via Michael's mobile App.
Went into this store and manager would NOT honor this coupon, said he didn't know of any Martha Stewart sales.
Even after I showed him the Michael's mobile App, his only response is that "it must be a mistake" - they DID NOT honor this coupon - False advertising, I left without purchasing ANY of the items I had selected.
I will NOT shop at this store; good thing there's a Hobby Lobby right across the street and a Joann's on my way home from work....If I absolutely need to shop at a Michael's, I will NOT go back to this store...Very rude, they need to work on their customer service, starting from the manager (middle aged, balding man, did not get his name).....

