"And they did feast on the fillet O'fishes, big macs, chicken mcnuggets, egg mcmuffins, cheeseburgers, french fries, and mcchickens.
And the Lord did smile upon them and smote their enemies that did give their bodies to the Burger King and sodomized themselves with unclean whoppers.
But the people of the Arches did thoust sin against the Lord and cried out to the heavens.
And the Lord did sendith down the Hamburgler who tooketh all hamburgers, cheeseburgers, quarter pounders, big extras and big macs, and there was a terrible famine in the land.
"  The book of Ronald Chapter 15

This Mickey D's is convenient to those traveling on Frank Lloyd Wright eastbound or either direction on the 101.
This McDonalds is clean and epitomizes what fast food should be.
They offer a fast, efficient and friendly fast food experience, so I believe they deserve the five stars!
One suggestion -- since they close to Cobblestone Auto Spa (literally next door), stop there first for gas and a car wash and then walk across the lot and wait for your car to be ready.
Nice!

Dude.
It's McDonalds.
I don't know what exactly you're expecting.
Although this location does now have the dual order windows and 24 hours drive through.
No word on the late midnight breakfast though.
Would've given this place four stars from over the years, but recently I've been getting sass from the drive through window late at night.
Yes I understand it's tiring, but I never had to deal with attitude at Jack in the Box down the street.

Pumpkin pies are the new Eggnog Shakes - only seasonal and only here for a short amount of time.
The pies were 2 for a buck and contained a decent, but not perfect Pumpkiny tasting filling.
The crust was the same as on the apple pies.
Only went there for a small cone, but tis the season, so I obliged and was happy with my fast food pie.

Sausage McMuffin with egg sandwich and a small coffee with a cream and a sugar: $3:88  Why this Mickey D's?
They're fast.
I'm entering the drive-thru at 7:15 and leaving it at 7:18.
Location.
A stones throw from Raintree/101.
Consistency.
Each day my Sausage McMuff tastes just as good as the day before and the coffee gets me going in the morning.
Healthy?
Eh, sort of.
You can get the sandwich and coffee for just shy of 500 calories.
The fine print is that they make up for calories with fat and cholesterol.
Though, you can substitute the eggs for egg whites.
That way you pay the difference now (in cash), instead of when you're 60 (in bypass surgery).

A clean and terrific place to lunch and watch the kids play.
We were served our mochas, one free with coupon, by Kerrie.
Thank you so much!
Just as good as Starbucks.

What can i say... Its McDonald's...

