What, no reviews of this location?
I've been getting haircuts here for several years.
Stylists come and go, but most are very good.
The price is right at this shop and I've always been pleased with haircut results.
I recommend this Fantastic Sams for inexpensive hairstyling needs.

My normal hair guy doesn't work on Saturdays and Fantastic Sam's was in the area that we had some running around to do so I thought, why not?
Well I have to say that I received the worst hair cut I have ever paid for..
I asked for the most simple of hair cuts, a same length bob.
I left pretty happy as I was excited to have my hair short again but my hair was wet when I left and I was not able to see that I had many random lengths, an extreamly uneven hair cut.
My husband had to trim up my hair so I didn't look like a fool at Easter dinner.
My husband did a much better job than the "professional".
All in all I would advise to never get your hair cut that this Fantastic Sam's as they are far from Fantastic.

Run!
Do not go here.
Went in for a quick trim and my hair is jacked up.
Even told the chick that and she didnt care.
Hair is uneven and $10  extra to style was ridiculous.
Itd be fine if she didnt style it into a big frizzy mess.
Waste of $25 since I will have to pay someone to redo it

Had a wash and cut done, and she did wash my hair good, but when it came down to the haircut she was in such a hurry, she just a quick job and was done.
There were still other clients getting there hair cut, and they were called before me.
Didn't catch the hairstylist name, she was outside smoking when I arrived, so when she came in she had a bad body odor of smoke.
As soon as she was done with my cut, she was out the door again smoking.
How Rude!!
Will never again get my haircut here again!

My mother loves it here, so one day I went as they were doing a promo for breast cancer and wanted a pink extension, well I waited 10 minutes and no one even acknowledged me....there were no clients there, so I'm not sure what the deal was.....
Took my son there 2 weeks ago.
He is almost 2 but very used to getting his hair cut.
The kid chair was broken so the seat belt didn't work, the girl acted irritated to be cutting his hair since he can't sit still for a super long amount of time, then she cut herself and said "Is there any way he CAN be still", I told her no, he's a baby so she continued the cut.
He has devil horns in the front and a little rat tail on the back when I asked for a clean 2 all around and said we like to spike the top, which by the way I can only spike the 2 "horns" Fantastic SAMs hmmmm..
So I call today not expecting a hair cut but rather to let them know how disappointed I am with their services.
We have been really busy so getting the hair fixed was not a top priority at this point.
I asked for a manager and they gave the phone to Ariel who I now found out is not the manager at all.
She basically told me how hard cutting kids hair is, which btw we go to Cool Cuts and they do it all with scissors, this girl barely used scissors...... so yea...... then when I let her know the kid chair is broken she let me know it's not a priority to fix it so they haven't.
My point is they should have just said we are not equipped to cut a child's hair.
No problem I would have taken my son around the corner and got a hair where I wouldn't be throwing money away or dealing with attitude.
I really felt like I needed to let them know, all they had to do was say they weren't comfortable and there would have been no problem, we were already planning to take him elsewhere but they said they could do it.........
So disappointed.

