If you need a new computer, or service on yours I highly recommend visiting Red Seven.
These guys know what they are doing and they are out to give you the best product at a great price.
Tell them what you want to do with your computer and they will custom build a new machine that will do everything you need it to.
If you don't have a lot of $$ they will sell you a used machine that is light years ahead of what you might pick up at a retailer for 5 times the price.
Small business owners, give them a call and ask them about their perpetual PC deal.
If you need to pick a brain, this is the place to go.
Save yourself from the big Corporations - you will be buying a first rate backed product with mom and pop personal service.

This is one place I wish I would have known about earlier.
They have machines that are in excellent condition, and the prices are unbelievable!
I was shocked when I first saw the prices of some really decent computers.
The prices are so reasonable you will probably be back to pick up a second machine for a loved one, -I'm not kidding.
I recommended this place to everyone, because you WILL get more for your buck here.

I attended Michael C's Ubuntu release party (I may have arrived a little early) with my Dell Dimension 2400, and I'm not sure which one of us had the better time.
Upon entering Red Seven, I noticed a long table full of fruit and veggie trays, appetizers, snacks and desserts.
In a corner of the store was an actual bartender who was ready to serve up cocktails, beer, wine or soft drinks.
Michael greeted me promptly, directed me to a spot where I could rest my computer, and invited me to have a drink and look around while the install technician was finalizing his preparations for the evening's event.
That's when I noticed the low prices of their computers.
The first system I came across was $250, with others dipping below the two hundred mark.
When I initially walked in, Michael was with a customer, so I listened in to their conversation as I browsed.
Michael seems like the kind of knowledgeable salesman who doesn't just want to make a sale, but wants to make a fit.
When the install area was ready, Chris came out to the store floor, and Michael introduced me to him.
Chris carried my mini-tower to the technician area, with me in tow.
We chatted for a bit as he removed the side panel and looked inside, where he found some of my handiwork (a secondary hard drive hanging by the ribbon).
Immediately, he went into a bin and retrieved a hard drive housing, and secured my hardware.
Chris is a very personable guy, who enjoys making music using his computer.
He even let me check out a few of his tracks when I asked about them.
Michael ordered several pizzas, so I indulged while watching masters of Ubuntu showcase the new product on two of Red Seven's floor models.
The place got pretty full, with several attendees being from a retirement community.
That's pretty cool.
An hour an a half later, the install was complete, and I now had several desktops available within a spinney cube.
If you go down to Red Seven, they can show you exactly what that means.
So you ask: What was the charge for this service?
Not a penny.
Because this was a release party, they provided this service free of charge, while providing the attention one would pay top dollar for.
Trustworthy, Knowledgeable, Personable, Affordable.
If these all sound like good traits to you, then check out Red Seven.

I'm just reviewing the Ubuntu release party because I didn't use RedSeven's store as a service, but I did witness them being of assistance and service to several people there.
I went to the Ubuntu release party as a gesture of love to my partner.
This is their world and I try to be supportive.
I thought it would be a cool idea to get them mixing it up with other people who know what Ubuntu is, what OS is all about.
We came early at 5 and there were already a few people milling about the showroom.
My partner commented over the evening how it was nice to see diversity in the crowd.
People might think only cutting edge boy-geeks or CS majors were going to hang out at such a place, but there were women there (and not just as guy attachments either!
) There were young and old and middle age users; users who were advanced and users who were new, people who didn't know anything about linux and people who were part of a local linux support group.
The bartender for the event was quite fun, making sure you weren't without a drink unless you wanted to be and he chatted up all kinds of stories.
No tickets, just a free bar and a tip jar, which meant good times if you're so inclined.
The store was clean and was the right temperature for the event.
Munchies ranged from chips and salsa to crackers and meats and cheese, macaroons and fresh fruit.
Then several pizza's.
They had a drawing for some RedSeven swag, but  they were also giving away a FREE Linux computer with the new release installed!
I didn't know this when we decided to attend and so we felt we had walked into something quite fortunate.
Ah, it was Fortunate for Frank as he was the winner and he was quite happy.
I ran into a lady there who told me why she comes to RedSeven.
She had no idea there was an event tonight, but she was there to get things serviced.
She is an extremely happy customer of theirs because they have always treated her so nice, they don't overcharge, they've done kind acts for free and basically she wouldn't go anywhere else.
Nice to have your customers provide free advertising and that's what happens when you do the right thing.
I also saw a flyer for one of  their deals and the price was very reasonable, ok they were much lower than I expected to see in a small business, not big box enviroment.
I am very happy to see a small, personally run business do the right thing and stay open.
Kudos should go to RedSeven for hosting an Ubuntu release party.
Despite the fact that the company has a vested interest in seeing Open Source proliferate, people should not confuse that with a core philosophy of wanting to encourage this way of computing for the benefit of the whole system.
It's kind of like GreenPeace hosting an event that draws attention to their market, yes it may bring new converts and maybe donations to GreenPeace, but it's not all about their pocketbook it's about affecting a change in thinking for the benefit of the whole system.
I enjoyed seeing the excitement in the eyes of people at that event, talking about something they feel will make a real difference.
My partner left with a few networking contacts, I left with a few G&Tonics and a smile.
All in all a nice Friday kick-off.

This unique computer store located in historic downtown Mesa is a great place to purchase any kind of computer at a great price.
Their knowledgeable staff can assist you if you are a college student looking for a homework computer.
If you are looking for a business ready machine, they have those too.
Last but not least, if you are simply looking for a computer to surf the internet, you have found the right spot.
My laptop needed to be repaired, I took it to RedSeven and their turn time for an estimate was fast and simple.
I am glad there is a local computer store to take computers for fast honest repair.
RedSeven works a lot with Linux.
Ubunto is a free open source operating system version of Linux, and can be installed on any machine for secure computer operating.
Be sure to check their website for any of their upcoming RedSeven parties.
They assists customers with learning about the Linux products along with providing a fun night of computer talk among attendees.
http://www.redsevenlinux.com/events/  I give RedSeven a good review for their knowledge and integrity.

Great atmosphere, great staff, great service, great products, and best of all great prices.
I would never go anywhere else!

Great Service, Great Prices and Great Location!!!
I live in Mesa and used to go to other unmentionable places to get to ripped off (Geek Sqaud).
Were they hold on to your computer for a week and rip you off on everything.
I am so happy to find this store and Open Source Software, no more paying for programs.
Great Job RedSeven!!!

I have recently made a very nice transaction with Red Seven Computers.
My soon to be former spouse referred me to Red Seven's facebook posting regarding a used PC that was available.
After a quick phone call, possibly two and a small flurry of activity, she/we acquired a very good bargain on a slightly used PC.
The new PC was here, set-up and playing nice on Susan's apartment network within minutes of arrival.
In the dealings with Red Seven computers since then, they have been unfailingly professional - even for a bunch of linux fanboi's {just joking, Michael Cady and crew are the epitome of excellent customer service and practical technical knowledge.
I was very close to 5 stars on this review but am hoping that Red Seven has some awesome surprises to push it into the 5 star status sphere.

I needed a new home computer & decided to call RedSeven to see if they could get me what I needed at an affordable price... and boy did they deliver!
A PC at the price I wanted to spend...and even better specs than I asked for!!
The transaction was seemless.
They walked me through a demo of my new machine and offered to set it up at home for me.
I declined because I was off to work- but when I went to set it up and I couldn't figure everything out, RedSeven came to the rescue and responded immediately.
Great product & incredible customer service- Thanks!

Brought in a laptop with an over heating problem.
They fixed it perfectly and at a cheap price.
The only downside is they mistakenly (or not...) disconnected one of the two cables running to my realtek wireless LAN.
so I had to open up the computer and reconnect it.

Screen was broken.
Took it in and a few hours later told me the costs.
$180 for the new screen, $100 for the labor.
Pricey from my perspective, and someone told me I should have just gotten a new laptop, but we'll see in the long run if I made the right choice (hope this laptop lasts a while longer)!
Long story short, new screen is beautiful, and computer working fine!
They even checked to see if I needed a new spyware protection, which I did!
The service was done within  the week.
Good job RED7

We are new to the Phoenix area and had no idea who to call when a computer issue arose.
We looked around on the Internet and came across Red7.
I decided to take a chance and took our computer to them late in the afternoon.
I received a call early the next morning telling me of the status, what needed to be done and that they should have it ready later the same day.
I was again contacted by Phil from Red7 that same afternoon advising they were done.
Phil explained what they did and why, made some other changes and recommendations and we were on our way for less than $200.00.
Prior to leaving the store, Phil advised us to call him if we had any problems rebooting as they had to clear our computer and reinstall everything.
We had to recall him twice as we're not what you would call computer literate people.On both calls Phil was most cordial, solved our issues and encouraged us to recall if we needed any other assistance.
We are so satisfied with the work, followup calls and the price we paid that we can only rate them 5 stars.
Thank you Red7!

I've been a customer of Red7's  for about 4 years now and always been satisfied with their  work.
Every time I've brought my computer there I've got it back asap!
Prices are the best and they don't charge to see whats wrong and give their  honest opinion.

We have been using Red7 for a number of years now.
We have all of our office computers on their lease program and that has worked out very well.
Anytime we have a problem with one of our computers they are only a phone call away.
And they're always fast and efficient.
We also got a computer for our daughter who attends ASU and our other daughter who attended NAU.
Anytime our kids have a problem they call Red7, not me.
That's worth it's weight in gold.
The good news is that it doesn't cost gold.
Red7 has very affordable service pricing.
The technicians are fast, efficient, friendly and really know their stuff.
Thanks Red7!

It has been awhile since I have written a review for RedSeven, but they never amaze me with how helpful they are and explaining everything they are doing at a very reasonable price.
Thanks and keep on doing a great job!!

Place sucks, took my laptop in for repair.
The guy never called or email, after saying he'll see if he can get the parts.
Horrible service

After struggling to find a decent computer repair place in my neck of the woods, I settled on Red7 in Tempe because they had the best reviews for any local repair shop.
I was excited to have found what looked like a great place to get my wife's laptop repaired.
Plus, who wouldn't rather support a local, reputable business than their large chain competitors?
I took the laptop in on a Saturday morning, explained the issue, and was told they would let me know by end of day Monday what the issue was.
Monday rolled around, and I hadn't heard anything.
I gave them a call Tuesday: the phone number on my invoice was "disconnected"...what the hell.
I went in that evening and let them know their number was not working (turns out they accidentally didn't update it on their paperwork when they moved).
They diagnosed the issue and gave me the quote, in which I agreed to the work (price seemed reasonable).
I was told the laptop would be ready by Thursday afternoon at the latest.
Thursday afternoon rolls around......no call.
Great.
I called them Friday afternoon, and they had apparently literally just finished fixing it 10 minutes before I called.
Bought the Yelp Deal and picked up the laptop Friday evening.
Good news is the omputer seems good as new and is working normal again.
Michael explained to me what I needed to do with it once I got it home (which was cool, but I already knew this).
I was okay with it being ready a day late, but was a little frustrated by the lack of communication through the entire transaction.
It was obvious Michael genuinely appreciated the business.
I'd consider giving them another chance the next time I have a technology issue.

Red 7 is my go to resource when it comes to my computer.
I use it for business and keeping it running is paramount to my success.
Red 7 keeps me running, offers excellent service and a true commitment to client care.
I recommend them highly.

people who work there are friendly and helpful, they even help me to download the spyware protection for free.
I will recommend them to my friends.

I took my laptop in because it had a virus.
They had to wipe the hard drive and re-install.
From this point, I can not hook to my wireless modem in my house.
They said there is nothing they can do about it, stared at me until I left.
This was the second computer I took to them.
Once they do what ever it is they do, they leave you hanging.
Not a good company, not helpful, down right rude.

Believe this place was closed last week.
Husband went to pick up a cord they forgot to give us and doors were locked.
Glad we got the computer out in time.

Couldn't fix my SSD drive failure.
Fixed it myself with a couple hours of internet searching.
Prices however, were good.

Good work.
Good prices.
Owner is a bit surly, but what can you do.

I've been here many times and the service has always been great.
The prices are fair especially with the free estimate.
Keep up the great work!

I love working with everyone at this company!
They're fast, fairly priced, and incredibly knowledgeable.
I trust them with all of my computer and IT needs for my home AND office!

Brought my laptop in for repairs.
Great price, ready in a couple of days, and now it runs as fast (if not faster) than the day I brought it home and set it up!!
Highly recommend, Chris was a pleasure to deal with!

I took my computer there because it kept crashing on me and I gave up trying to repair it myself.
They kept the computer for a few days and inspected it, ran some heat tests because we all thought it was a over heating issue.
To my surprise they couldn't find a problem with the computer as it suddenly was working out of nowhere (had it off for 3 weeks before finally swallowing my pride and admitting defeat) they were extremely honest and kept in touch to keep me updated.
Although they didn't find a problem cause my computer decided to throw me under the bus and make me look like a idiot and start working, I appreciate there honesty and taking the time to try and figure out the problem.
Definitely know where I'm going again if the damn thing starts acting up again, as it's hard to find a reputable and honesty computer place like this.
I started my yelp account since I'm new to the area, so this is my first review.

PLEASE NOTE - Red Seven is also called Hyperion Works and the Tempe and Mesa locations are now closed.
Their ONLY location is at US-60 and Rural.
It's a little tricky to find.
It's south of the US-60 off a little unnamed street.
You pull into the hotel parking lot.
Hang a left through the archway.
The store is on the first floor behind the fountain.
This is the only place I will take my computer for virus removal.
No matter who works on my computer, it gets done right and for a competitive price too.
Their turnaround time is reasonable compared to other places.
You can't ask for anything more.
To boot, one guy who did my repair switched out Vista for Windows 8 for free saying that it was more secure.
He also installed Microsoft Essentials, my malware detector, for free.

