Rented a 14' truck and tow dolly from this location last month when I moved from Phoenix to Austin and received phenomenal service from the manager, Mr. Chris West.
He was quick, courteous and hilarious.
Seriously, this guy should be on like Comedy Central Presents or something.. that show's still on, isn't it?
I don't don't know, haven't had cable in years.
But it used to be funny - and this guy was funny.
Thank you, Chris.
It had been a long stressful day already when I came in to pick up the truck and you made me smile.
Thanks for the extra miles.
And thanks for your assistance with the tow dolly.
Your patience must have been wearing thin by the third time we came back with questions, but if it was, you didn't let it show.
We made it ok, in case you were wondering.
It was a long F'n drive, but we made it.
Tell you what though, the location where we dropped off the truck in Austin - they were complete dickheads.
But that's another review..

I got a U Box here at this store and the folks here were always very attentive and polite.
I was moving from Phoenix to FL and opted to fill the U Box on their lot instead of towing it to our apartment.
It took us about 2 weeks and 6 visits to fill the container by driving our belongings to the U Box.
It was placed in the back of their lot under a covered area with other U Boxes.
Each time we needed access to it, we just called to ask to have it pulled out.
When we finished for the day, they placed it with the door against other U Boxes to keep it safe since the covered area wasn't secured (besides fencing).
I felt pretty safe here and had no issues.
The folks here were very quick to get the box out when I called and they put it away when we were finished.
We found the U Box to be the most inexpensive way to move across country, so far.
The total was around $1400 for delivery to the nearest U Haul in our new FL location.
An extra $140 or so to have it delivered from there to the house if we want, but we haven't decided on that yet.
Bottom line on the Indian School and 26th St. U Haul location: Excellent service, safe location and easy access from 7am to 7pm.

Recently I rented from this location of U Haul.
There was some confusion among the employees as to what vehicles have what kind of ramps, meaning I had to return a vehicle for another, so can't give them five stars as a whole.
I do want to give Sean McGiven, the mgr,  five stars for his part.
He went out of his way to make it a great experience for me, not charging me for something that had to be done when he had every right to do so.
Thank you, Mr. McGiven.
Would I go back to this location, definitely.
They may not be perfect when it comes to staff, but the manager makes it worthwhile to do so.
He's working at correcting the little mistakes that can happen.
I don't think it is out of line to double check that the equipment you need-special type of ramp, in my case-is on what you rent before you take it out..

I've had a great experience with this location many times over the years.
For charity events I work with, I have rented both trucks and cargo trailers.
For my own moves, I have rented cargo and utility trailers.
I've also purchased wares from the front office.
(Boxes, tape, tie downs, etc.
)  Prices are fair, service is quick and friendly, employees are professional and knowledgeable.

Regarding UHaul's "Family of Companies," poor customer service, illegal policies, rudeness, and inability to understand the definition of words used on their own contacts:  I ordered a U-Box from UHaul and picked it up (and returned it for shipping) on 6/12.
As per their confirmation email to me, it was GUARANTEED to arrive at it's final destination 6/22.
It did not arrive until 6/26.
I was informed by a local UBox representative that it would be no problem to get the UBox sent to a slightly more convenient location.
I kept in touch with her for several days and she then told me she had tried to speak to the shipping department.The shipping department had told her there was no way to change the destination without calling the (undisclosed to me) third party shipping company.
Then they told her they couldn't do that as they didn't have a working telephone number for the shipping company!!!!
Every call I have made to UHaul, be it a specific location, regional office, or corporate headquarters has been handed off when I ask about getting a partial refund.
Every person directs me to call another office.
When I was finally able to get in touch with the originating Madison, WI office, the person I spoke with (supposedly the shipping manager- Brandon Fiddler) was incredibly rude to me as said flat out "I see it was shipped late.
That's how it goes.
I'm not giving you anything.
" I called corporate, after speaking to this man, I was told that I apparently threatened legal action so they won't speak to me any longer and have closed my case?
Seeing as how I never threatened legal action, I find this preposterous, and I challenge them to produce the recording I did so in, since they record all phone conversations.
UHaul has taken moving, an already stressful experience, and made it completely miserable.
I have spent more than 7 hours on the phone with them, and can't get any resolution at all, and generally, receive nothing but insolence.
They love to tell you that you have to contact the originating office or the receiving office or corporate or that the people you need to speak to are all away at the moment and have wildly unpredictable hours.
In addition to all of this, I had initially rented a trailer as well, and had a hitch installed on my car.
The day comes to go get my trailer and they (surprise) don't have it.
They make me drive out to the middle of friggin' nowhere to get it, 5 minutes before this gas station that does UHaul on the side is closing.
We do the paperwork and he's ready to connect my trailer- except the hitch is incomplete!
I had to run around this tiny town trying to find the remaining parts and lucky for me this nice guy stayed late.
What a complete nightmare.
Update: A very nice guy at the original location approved roughly 30% of my expenses/ demand for money back.
But that only happened AFTER I filed a complaint with the BBB, which is still going back and forth.
FILE A COMPLAINT WITH BBB ASAP, that is likely the ONLY way they will even pay attention to you.
Also, do some googling on it, their customer service isn't the only thing they like to pass blame from office to office on.
If you sue them, you have to sue the corporate office in Phoenix.
They will say it's a family of franchise companies and pass the blame, but that's how the actual law behind it works, and they will lose.
Oh- in addition, in the process of researching, I found this guy's story, READ IT.
http://dontuseuhaul.com/index.htm  I encourage you ALL to file small claims against one of the WORST companies I have literally ever dealt with in my life (and that includes (Charter)!

