I have to tell you,  being that I am a Licensed Nail Technician I'm extremely picky when it come to getting my nails done.
Here is just another reason why I usually do them myself.
I was meeting s friend for dinner and needed to kill some time so I stopped in for a quick french polish on my natural nails.
It doesn't sound difficult but I have yet to meet ANYONE who can paint a French on me better that I can!
So anyways the guy seems to be doing  things right I mean he actually filed, buffed, OH OOPS... then applied bond-aid, which for the record is used to help "bond" acrylic nails to the surface of your natural nail, it does NOT help polish stay on...OK so he doesn't know what he's doing....now he applies "sticky" the base coat that helps adhere polish to the nail.
They do Advertise , even on their business card that they use OPI product.........Yet I get a white paint from a generic bottle used on my nails, my french lines are somewhat straight except that they don't fully meet at the sides, I was willing to let It slide.
Then the sheer pink and top coat are applied from another two generic bottles.
My nails looked halfway decent, I was charged $10, and feeling generous gave him a $5 tip.
He was quick to leave, end of shift I guess.
I sit and dry and by the time I got to my car every single one of my nails was full of air bubbles!!!!!!
WHY you ask~ well this is what happens when you use OLD product  that has had too much THINNER added to it!!!
I can tell you from my experience I have yet to see one of these types of salons that actually uses the "REAL" high end product (OPI etc.
)  They probably at one point had them but they just refill the bottles with CRAP!
SO beware!!
They are only getting 2 stars because at least my nails look good from far away.
And for the record even Dolce couldn't compete with my French skills!

I went to Allure Nails the other day for a Mani/Pedi before I took off on vacation.
The salon is very nice, your typical cookie cutter nail salon but it was clean and the décor was modern and very nice.
They have a flat screen which faces away from the technicians so you don't have your tech paying more attention to Court TV than to your nails.
My tech was very nice, she chatted with me while she did my pedi and was very attentive.
She filed my nails but did not ask if I wanted them trimmed.
Her leg massage was very nice, firm but not half assed like some places do.
She used sea salt and massaged my legs and feet for a good 5 minutes.
The lotion massage was also nice, they use Creative Nail lotion and not that generic "green" lotion from a squeeze bottle.
My only gripe is for my mani.
I always get a buff, no polish.
I walked in a 6 PM so by the time for my mani, it was about 6:45.
They close at 7 PM, not sure if she was in a hurry to get me out of there but I still have hang nails on a few of my fingers.
Also when she did my buff, she put cuticle oil on my nails when she was done to make them look shinier.
I like to see myself in the buff of my nails and will tip generously to a tech that will spend the time to make them shine but 12 hours later, my buff is matte and that is being kind.
The mani/pedi combo was $45, a little pricier than similar salons but the décor, cleanliness, premium product and the attentive staff made up for the price increase.
Their polish did look a bit "dry" but I bring my own color so not sure how theirs measure up.
I don't do acrylics so I can't vouch for that service but their pedi was worth it.
I'll be heading to a different salon this afternoon to get another buff since the one I got deserves a 2.
Also they do not accept American Express or Discover so make sure you have cash or a visa on hand!

So, I've been going to to Allure for pedi's for about a year.
They're located very close to my house so it's mainly been a convenience thing.
The techs are hit and miss.
Some are awesome and really do a good, thorough job.
But overall its usually a pretty neutral experience.
The last couple of times I went in they were just rude.
The girl who did my last pedi  (about 2 weeks ago) got rude when I wouldn't accept her upsales......did a sloppy job on my polish and wouldn't fix a mistake when she made when she slipped on my flip flop.
On Thursday (NY eve) I went in for a mani....the sloppiest mani I have EVER had.
She soaked my right hand for all of 10 seconds before starting my cuticles.
When I flinched when she cut my finger she slammed her tools on the table, grabbed the water bowl that my left hand was still in (slopped water), stood up and said, "No manicure, polish change".
When she came back, I tried to explain I did want a manicure, not only a polish change.
She raised her voice and said that I was too jumpy "Everything hurt you".
Well, she did my polish....horrible job!!
About 1/4" from my cuticle....it looked just dreadful.
While I was waiting for my polish to dry there was a man giving another women a pedi......she told him 3 times (!!!
) he was hurting her and he just laughed and said "it tickles"??
She said NO, it HURTS.
I'm done with this place.
There are plenty of these cookie cutter shops around.....They need to re-check their customer service skills.
This was just wrong!

I have been going to Allure for the past 5 years and I have always left happy.
I am just a pedi girl myself, and they do a really good job at the callus removal ($5 up-charge) and the sea salt ($5 up-charge).
I usually just get one or the other, depending on my mood.
They have a big selection of nail polish, always with the most current OPI colors on hand.
I will say that some of the technicians are better than others (Nancy is the best!
), but isn't that how it is at most places?
My favorite part is the massage, and some of the technicians seems to do a pretty weak job, but you can always ask for more pressure.
I do wish that their massage chairs were a little bit higher end, but overall, I love going to Allure for my pedi's.
Especially since unlike many other nail salons, they let you add your tip on to your credit card slip!

I've been disappinted, lately, in this salon.
I really do not like that whoever is doing my manicure, pedicure or eyebrow waxing takes personal calls on her cell phone during the treatment.
It could just be annoying, but the quality hasn't been good either.
Eyebrow waxing was ok although there were the phone calls (REALLY unprofessional), but the gels/pedicure - not worth it.

Love this little gem.
I have gone all over town to find a great spot for mani's and pedi's that aren't too pricy but are worth what you spend and finally I have found Allure Nails!
My friend wanted to get a mani and pedi and said we should check this place out, I was a little nervous just because it's off mcdonald and scottsdale rd and some of the stores in this little strip mall are over priced.
I was totally wrong, great service, amazing pedicure and my manicure lasted over a week-and for me that is a miracle!
:) can't wait to go back.

Not all Allure Nails are created equal...
I know this now after thinking I could go to the South Scottsdale location one day recently to save time.
Instead of getting the back-fill on the gel nails as requested, I walked out with a set of acrylics with gel...
The service was decent, but not super friendly... and while my nails came out OK, they didn't do as I requested.
I almost felt as if I were imposing on the nail techs when i walked in.
I will not be returning to this Allure location - the extra 15 minute drive north is worth it to go to the North Scottsdale location!

After the Good Egg, I found Allure Nail conveniently next door!
My nails were in desperate need of pampering!
I chose to do a manicure and pedicure.
A little pricey though for the package, $37 dollars!!!
In NYC I can pay $23 for a good pampering!
Oh well, I'm on vacation, and Scottsdale area is not cheap.
:)  My technician was great, she understood my needs to cut my cuticles.
She did everything efficiently and carefully.
The massage chairs for the foot spa sucked.
They didnt do very much and all of them looked so old they needed to be replaced.

I've been going to Allure for about 6 months and I like them - they are reasonably priced, good friendly service.
I think the key to making this spot work for you is to find a tech that you like and stick with that person.
If you see a different tech each time you visit the salon the results could be hit or miss.
If you stick with one tech, then she'll get to know you and what you like or don't like.

I was a walk in, they were not busy at all and they sat me with the new guy in "training.
"  Not sure why you want to put a walk-in with someone in training, but they did.
He totally made my nails thick - for a full set with natural nail color, its $25.
To add gelish on top, it was an additional $20!
He never disclosed the upcharge and I paid $45 for bumpy and thick nails.
When I got home, I had to file them down, smooth them out, then add gelish to them again (since I own gelish at home and know $20 is a rip-off!
- an entire bottle costs $18).
Since the appointment lasted 1 hour and 30 mins and the ladies doing pedicures were obviously noticing the inexperienced man's flaws, I decided to pay and just leave - I called later to provide feedback and that I will not be returning again although I have been going there on & off  for about 4 years now and the manager didnt take my call.
I told the person on the phone about my experience and she translated to the manager who didnt seem concerned.
Horrible service from inexperienced nail tech - this place has gone down hill over the years and newer salons are worth the slightly added cost.

I get pedicures every three weeks on the reg, and at the regular spot.
Well this Saturday I realized on my way to the pool after a rather long day of physical work, I missed my appointment the week before.
I also realized I wanted to remedy that, on the spot.
Unfortunately on a Saturday afternoon I could not just waltz into my normal spot and except there to be space for a walk in appointment.
Nor did it turn out could I get one at any of the 6 other places I called/walked into based on my handy Yelp App telling me the goods in my immediate area.
I decided to gamble.
My insatiable desire for a pedicure right that second coupled with the limitations of my location forced me to override my gut instincts and go to a 2 1/2 star nail establishment.
Steeling myself for dirty equipment and rough handling, I walked in.
Not only was the place bright, spacious, and clean I was greeted promptly and seated as soon as I had picked a polish (a nice seafoam green if your curious), even though they were fairly busy at the time.
As I sat in my massage chair (that was indeed a bit past its prime, but working quite nicely) I stayed alert for anything 2 stars, and I was happily disappointed.
The tech did a great job with the foot massage  (sugar scrub 5$ extra recommended), seemed to have a good attitude, everything was clean, great polish job, and fair prices.
They had decent polish selection (OPI, gel, and generic), an ATM up front (even tho the do take card; just not AMEX/Discover), a fish tank with a weird fish, and looked to offer some other services like massage.
Is this really a 4 star nail salon... probably not.
Solid 3-3 1/2 stars.
But I was so happy with how everything turned out for me last minute that I would hate for other people to be scared away on star value alone.
Am I never going back to my normal nail spot?
No...  but if I was ever in a pinch again or had a friend in the same situation I would not hesitate to come back or recommend this place.

Your typical nail place- the callus up charge is worth it.
A basic pedi is 24 bucks which isn't bad at all.
Other reviewers had problems but I think they did a good job and were very friendly.
However, many of their nail polishes are old, one of my toes is already starting to crack.

They were rude and I felt all they did was talk to each other and trash talk all the clients that came in.
They could be more customer friendly!
Maybe then I would return, but for now two stars is it!

This place in an awesome location so I assumed I was in for a treat...
Boy was I wrong!!
I cannot remember a time I've received worse service.
The girl at the front yelled at me for being on the phone when I walked in then proceeded to tell me they were too busy with "reservations".
I sat for 30 mins waiting for an appt.
watching 7 girls do each others nails!
One of the customers there said that unless the owner is present, to expect the kind of treatment I received.
Don't worry I will not be back for a repeat visit!!
To boot.
The pedicure was quick, average and lasted about 5 days.
Do yourself a favor and skip this place.

I used to love this place but now service has gone down and the prices have risen.
It used to be nice to get a pedi and gel manicure and not spend all day there.
I didn't get my massage on my hands because she took too long trying to figure out how to shape my nails (that I ended up having to do myself).
I am not planning on going back until it gets better.
Bummer.

Pretty lame pedicure for $25 dollars!!!
I felt cheated the whole time I was in the chair.

Pretty standard pedicure.
The salon was clean and busy.
I called ahead for an appointment and was seated right when I walked in.
My massage chair didn't work and no one said anything to me the entire time, but overall it was an ok experience.

Let me begin by saying, I am well travelled.
My husband and I have homes in both Scottsdale, AZ  and in San Diego's Little Italy.
We also visit multiple cities around the US for business and pleasure each year.
That said, I have had the opportunity to have pedicures in multiple cities over the course of the last 3 years and to visit high end resorts/spas, pregnancy spas, as well as your more typical (& much easier to come by) Vietnamese nail salons.
I have had great experiences, terrible ones, and everything in between.
I just had a baby 2 & 1/2 months ago and it had been over a month since my last pedi.
(Quite frankly, I was embarrassed to have the Allure nail tech see my feet.).
My mom agreed to watch my baby while I went out for a few hours to run some errands.
After picking up my dry cleaning, I noticed this salon in the same plaza.
Upon walking in, I was promptly greeted by a US born American, Russ, who was super friendly & welcomed me right away.
This was a nice treat for me because one of the things that often frustrates me when going to these Vietnamese salons is that there is all too often a language barrier.
It was nice to be understood right away as to what I was asking for.
I decided to go for the gusto & have their best pedicure ( "luxury pedicure") which was $55.00.
I was brought to a chair right away, and introduced to Richie (my tech).
Since it was already 6:30pm when I arrived, I asked him if there was time for him to do the luxury pedi as I did not want to keep him too late.
He replied, "No problem Katherine I take care of you.
"    The massage chair was standard, the salon was clean, and it was evident the techs do care about their customers.
In fact, while I was there, they were all passing around a "thinking of you" card for someone that they had everyone sign.
The best part of the whole experience was the massage, it was both lengthy & luxurious as Richie applied significant pressure.
FELT AWESOME!
Such strong hands.
I can't stand it that @ a lot of salons they simply rub lotion on your feet and call it a massage.
I really feel cheated when that happens.
Another super plus about Allure was that I can honestly say that Richie did not attempt to up-sell me once which is something I genuinely appreciated.
I can't stand it when they want to upgrade you to gel nails, add a flower, etc.
Well, I didn't end up getting out of there until 7:45pm, but Richie & Russ both stayed late for me with no complaints.
I felt valued as a person & a customer which is hard to find these days.
I will return to Allure nails FoR SuRe the next time I need a pedicure or manicure.
:-)

Perfect nails every time.
I see scott and I am very satisfied.
Everyone is always friendly, front desk is great.
Highy reccommend this nail salon.

The lady at station 4 was quick and diligent.
Best manicure I've had in a while.

On my 2nd visit to the salon it was sub-par...
They woman was very pushy and rude.
I ended up walking out without get a service done.
I won't be returning anytime soon.

Friendly service, lots of chairs, but not a great pedicure.
Botched the design and the Polish was very messy around my cuticles.
A for effort, C for execution.

2nd time going - never going back.
I waited 3 weeks to get a nail fill and usually the tech SHOULD fix my nails.
They did not.
They did my fill with a nail drill (which after reading is not good on your nails) and after my fill was done, my nails feel on fire, there is a gap between my nail and the fill on the corner of my thumb where they did not apply the acrylic fill correctly, my real nail separates from the acrylic fill (which I heard can be a cause for fungus creating in there) and the paint job was horrible!
He got it all over my fingers and it smudged everywhere because he did too many coats and I had to get going (on my break) so I am never going back.
I will pay more money for people who know how to do this properly.
No wonder the place was empty when I went!
That should have been my first red flag.
Stay away from this salon.

Let's be honest here-- We don't get our nails done for the actual polish, its the pampering that matters!
That being said, I got a french tip spa pedicure.
My nails came out decent enough though i haven't had them more than a couple a days so i'm not sure about chipping just yet.
It was a weekend afternoon around lunch so of course we had to wait a few minutes, no problem.
The color selection isn't that great and the bottles seem a little on the old side but this place isnt exactly expensive.
I mentioned i wanted french tips and she still insisted i pick out a color?
Strange, but i select the whitest white i could find on the wall.
We get seated about 15 minutes later, put our feet into the water, great temperature but our "massage" chairs do not turn on/vibrate/move at all!
well, that's weird but i guess not the end of the world.
She sits down in front of me to turn on the jets and spends about 3-5 minutes turning it on to no avail!
She simply gave up and instructed me to soak my feet.
There were at least 4 other chairs open and when i asked if it didn't work she just said, "no" and proceded to prep the area.
I thought she would maybe try to make up for the lack of massage chair and whirlpool jets with a decent leg massage but NO.
Basically applied lotion and didnt even scrub my heels with any pressure.
I will need to go home and do it myself after the shower.
THIS PLACE WAS TERRIBLE!!
Total came out to $29 (regular price) without tip and with NO apology for the broken amenities.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!

Went in yesterday for a gel manicure because my usual spot (Paulene's) was closed.
I should have waited the extra day for Paulene's!
An older male did my nails and the gel mancure turned out very sloppy.
I have nail polish around the cuticles, there is a piece of lint stuck in a few of the nails and the color is not consistent and streaky.
He also did a poor job shaping my nails and cleaning up my cuticles.
In addition, the salon itself is old and appears dirty.
There was lint and dust everywhere.
Avoid this place if at all possible.
There are so many other places to choose from, including Paulene's in the Albertson's shopping plaza at Indian Bend and Hayden.

