This is definitely the last time I use this Pizza Hut I think their food is very good but their way of doing business at this particular location is extremely poor.
When they get busy they simply stop answering the phone There's no way to inquire where your order is.
Never again.
Several hours later some guy calls and says they had an emergency and will have to shut  down for the night.
I ordered a pizza from Barro's which is across the street and since I was going to be so close, I thought I would check out what happened just to be nosy.
Maybe they were held up right?
Poor workers.
Wrong.
It was made up.
That;s how their management handles tough situations.

I know people will still come and eat here even after reading all the horrid reviews..
But seriously though, this place has a bunch of dumbasses working here.
I called around 10:35 at night no one picked up...
I called back in ten minutes... No answer... By the way, all this is happening Ehile driving there...I end getting  there and see all the workers outside smoking.. No one was inside at all!
The phone was ringing off the hook.
Customers were waiting for their pizza also.
This will be the last time I ever come here ever.
Dear Management if you are reading this, I advise you to fix this piece of shit location.
I am currently typing this as I wait for my pizza in this crap establishment, my pizza better be good.

They seem a bit disorganized here tonight.
I  ordered 30 minutes ago and my order still isn't ready for carryout.
They were also out of the original pan pizza that I ordered so they substituted it on their own.
I think I will use another location next time even though this was the most convenient.

Do not try to place an order from an iPhone because they will not deliver your pizza unless you babysit your phone and answer when they call to confirm.
If you miss the call you're fucked and left hungry.

I just placed an order over the phone and spoke with Haley, she was excellent!
So much better customer service than I've had for really any food delivery.
She was knowledgable about the specials and new menu items, made some recommendations, confirmed my order and total and forecasted a realistic time frame, all while being nice and conversational.
I'm blown away with this level of service at a chain pizza place.
Great job!

I honestly typed in "s***" out of boredom and this is the first thing that came up.
By the reviews I guess it was a proper search.

I see all these bad reviews but I have been going to this location for awhile now and I have never had a problem with them.
I have ordered online, called in, and walked in a few times and not once have I had an issue.
The times have always been accurate and food has always tasted delicious!
Especially when we have last minute dinner runs.
:-)

