I attended Arizona Academy of Real Estate's real estate license program in January of 2013.
They did a great job of preparing me for the state exam and all of the staff and instructors were always very friendly and helpful.
They also have 3 campuses which was extremely convenient to get from either work or home to attend a class.
I would highly recommend this school to anyone interested in a career in real estate.
I passed the state exam on the first try.

First I want to say, I have only been attending classes for one week.
I am very happy with the facility overall and the Instructor provides great and detailed information.
You may ask questions at anytime or she is open to one-on-one discussions during breaks or after class.
After working all day, I don't get bored in class.
I have ten years as an Escrow Officer, so a lot of the information I am familiar with  and a lot of it I am not.
I do like the fact that they have 3 locations and the Thunderbird location is the closest for me.
Parking is hit or miss, because it is located in a busy shopping center.
Normally around our first break parking near the facility is available.
I recommend this school to anyone interested in getting their Real Estate License.

After doing my research, I chose Arizona Academy of Real Estate and found their program to be very thorough and the instructors to be very knowledgable.
With my busy schedule, having the variety of class times and three campuses made it very convenient to finish the program.
The program was well designed and prepared me to pass the state exam.
:O) woo hoo!
...
I would highly recommend AARE to anyone.

I had the best experience at this school.
They have me the tools I needed to get my career off the ground and now things are incredible.
Amazing staff, good student to teacher ratio and all the information you need to be successful.

I love this school.
I went to classes at my own pace and I was able to easily obtain my sales license and I just obtained my real estate broker license today.
Amazing staff and they seemed so dedicated to helping you succeed.

I signed up for classes and was excited to start when there was a sudden death in the family which means I will be unable to stay in the state.
I called and asked about a refund and was informed of a 14 day policy.
I called on the 14th day, so I was still safe.
The woman on the phone told me to email some address so I did and got no response.
Called again and asked to spoke to a manager and she refused so I continued to email this address for 2 weeks and got no response.
I finally had to call Visa and dispute the charge which has now opened an investigation.
The woman on the phone (who answers every time is beyond rude).
If you care about being treated well when companies take your money (in other words, customer service) go elsewhere.

I liked the flexibility of the classes and how you could take them at your own pace.
Yes, the instructors are reading through notes, but they have to cover the info that's on the state and Federal exams, and this is how they are sure to cover everything, so this method works for me.
I paced the classes to get them done in 7 weeks, which was a good pace for me.
I spent 2 full days studying for the school exam and passed, spent another full day studying more for the State and Federal tests and passed.
Staff were all nice.

Finished my classes in about 3 weeks, took the tests, passed with flying colors.
No complaint about the instructors or the classes.
I felt well prepared for the school, State and National exam.
So why the one star?
The school has "career partners" come in everyday and give their spiel on why you should join their company.
Not complaining about this either, I think it is great service the school offers to students that don't know what company they want to work for when they finish.
I however already had a job lined up, so the school gives you an option to opt out of getting contacted by the career partners because otherwise you will be getting phone calls etc from them.
I opted out my first day of classes, then about 2 weeks into my classes, out of nowhere, I start getting floods of phone calls, text messages, and emails from different career partners.
I immediately spoke to someone at the Peoria office and the lady there informed me that they had a new person working there and she made a mistake and it would be fixed.
Not a problem, everyone makes mistakes...but a week later, I was still receiving texts, emails, phone calls from companies...4-6 a day.
I called the same Peoria campus that I had spoke to the previous time and informed them of this.
DIANA said there wasn't anything she could do as my information already went out.
She suggested I block their phone calls.
(brilliant diana, i'd love to unsubscribe to their emails as well but most of them don't have the option) I let her know this was a privacy issue and she said she would look into what they could do and would give me a call back later that day.
No call later that day, the following day came and past and no communication from them.
Clearly, they do not care about student's privacy and don't think it is a big deal to be swamped with phone calls, emails, and text messages from recruiters when you opted out.
So would I recommend this school, definitely not.
Who knows what other type of private information they are giving out "accidentally" and not doing anything to remedy it.

Loved this school!
Before starting I checked both options available for me in Scottsdale and this was by far the most friendly, organized and helpful.
Classes in Scottsdale are relatively small, which allow for questions and clarifications, the instructors are knowledgeable and engaging and Deb the owner was there for me when I needed her assistance.
The staff members were polite and pleasant, the facilities are comfy, in short- I had a great experience and will go back if I ever decide to get a broker's license.
Did I mention I passed the school test and state test first time???
All that thanks to the guidance and support you get at this school!

