Alright, first off I have not been to this establishment.
However, I am from Lincoln Nebraska, where I lived a few blocks from Mr Lenos (Same People).
I am going so far as to write this review because the food that I had on a very regular basis (at least twice a week) was so consistently good.
From the chile rellenos to my favorite fish burrito, this place does it.
I do plan on getting to this location and updating this review soon.
My only issue is driving from Scottsdale.

So I went to Mr. Leno today because I've been craving tacos, good tacos.
Craving has been feed.
First let me state that the service was friendly and fast.
I got the rolled beef tacos due to someone else review pic and a chicken taco.
Needless to say I bite off more then I could chew literally.
The chicken taco alone was huge.
It was filled with nicely seasoned chicken, a mound of cheese and fresh lettuce.
I can't believe it only cost $2 for this monster taco; make sure you tip well when you order this because you're getting a steal.
The salsa was delish as well as the rolled taco with guacamole.
I stated taco was good instead of tacos because I could only eat one after the chicken taco.
I will absolutely go back.

Stopped in today for...du duh, New Review #400!
Mr. Leno here is a fast casual place, & I found it to be clean, modern, somewhat stylish, & comfortable except for a TV blabbing out some movie.
For a hearty lunch, I had a couple of Chiles Rellenos, a shredded beef taco, a cheese enchilada, & some beans & rice.
The staff was friendly, the service took a while.
The Rellenos were made with mild Anaheim chiles & topped with some Guacamole.
They were good, but I would have liked a little more fire, & they weren't as warm as I thought they should have arrived.
The taco was good, plus nice & big!
The enchilada was really blah & Gringo.
The refried beans & Spanish Rice were both ok, but not special.
There's a good salsa bar, & the prices are reasonable, so I think this one is "A-OK" overall.
:-)  23 Combination Plates available, mostly around $6 to $7, plus reasonable ala carte prices.

The food is not that good!
I had the cheese enchiladas and the rice and beans and it was just "normal"!
I am 100% sure I could cook better!
that's not a good thing!

Random Mexican food place that's pretty decent.
My Australian friend and I were in Phoenix for a night during our 2 week road trip.
This place got recommended to us by the hotel guy based on pure proximity, but also for being pretty good.
Despite some semi-shady characters chillin' out front, the place was neat and clean.
The staff was friendly.
The food was also fairly decent.
We tried the shredded beef that this region is famous for, and felt sort of so-so on it.
You can probably find better shredded beef tacos around the Phoenix/Tucson area, but these were not bad by any stretch of the imagination.
We also got some al pastor tacos, which were pretty solid.
All in all, a good experience, and while I wouldn't go out of my way to go to this place, I definitely wouldn't avoid it either.
If I ever find myself there again, I'll grab a taco or 2...

I've been at a local hotel for work for over a week, and was pleasantly surprised to find I had a mexican restaurant right next door.
The staff is generally very friendly, and food is fresh made on the griddle in the back.
The burritos are very large, and for only a few dollars you can get a large breakfast burrito and a cup of hot coffee.
My favorite items are the adobada, aguas frescas (jamaica, horchata and tamarindo), and chorizo con huevoes breakfast burritos.
They serve menudo on weekends only, and while I haven't tried it yet it seems to be very popular.
Its the red chili version, not the white.
In short, this isn't a bad little place to stop in if you're in town.
They are far from the best mexican I have had (but I do live on the border in Laredo, TX!
), but Mr Lenos satisfies my cravings well enough when I'm in town.

Went here with my mom last Saturday night.
Just your standard taco shop.
But this one is actually clean.
Including the bathrooms!!!
Had the adobada plate.
Decently seasoned.
The tortillas were a little dry though.
All in all...No too shabby.

Great food low prices

I was on a business trip in Tolleson and had the munchies for some Mexican food and this place delivered.
Now it's not like AMAZING but it was very good.
I ordered the chicken enchiladas with rice and beans and wow, those were some goood enchiladas, some of the best I've ever had!

Great place to take people at 2am food cravings, especially when you are the designated driver and need to sober up friends after a night at the bar.
Great Mexican food place on this side of town at late hours.
Carne Asada fries are the best hands down.
Definitely will be back.

Good spot,  def not your average "bertos" taco shop.
Food tastes as it should and not off the assembly line.
Had a half order of super nachos, more than enough for one person... could even share with two people.
Carne asada tasted like it was right off the grill.
Will be back!

I LOVE this place.
Consistent staff as well so the faces become familiar.

I'm an East Side kind of guy and am one of those people who cross 1-17 maybe 3 or 4 times a year aside from a California road trip.
I was tasked with finding some breakfast burrios for about 12 people on a Saturday morning at Westgate and Mr. Leno was the closest place that had good reviews, so I went way out of the way to try these guys out and take a risk, but Yelp has never steered me wrong!
They were open early on a Saturday so that was a good sign, and they had a few breakfast burritos to chose from, also a good sign.
Ordered a few different types including a non meat one for a veggie loving friend.
While the cooks were building my burritos I took to the fresh salsa bar and loaded up on what I thought was a bunch of mild and medium salsas for everyone.
Turns out everyone thought they were spicy which is perfect for me!
Well I came back, everyone expected some Wendy's bs, but I handed them a Yelp sourced burrito that everyone loved.
Almost everyone wanted to know where they came from and all thought it tasted great.
So there you have it folks, if your in a 5-8 mile distance from this place, craving Mexican food and Mr Leno pops up, give it a go because chances are you won't find anything else this good without driving another 20 minutes.
As far as interior, it's your typical taco shop, don't bring your date here, grab your date some food here and watch a netflix movie at home!

This is the greatest mexican fast food ive had since living back in san diego, ca.
Staff is always friendly.
there good, fast, and tasty.

After reading some of the reviews here you would think you're going to be blown away by something that would make you want to come back.
Don't get your hopes up.
For the prices here you can go to any federicos and get twice the amount of food.
No mini/street tacos....  Got the carne asada and chicken tacos and neither were great just bland fast food.
The hot sauce is actually hot though, I guess if you paralyze your tongue enough with that you don't notice the bland food.
Just ok.

