The fish tacos rock  GREAT margaritas!

Nice little place, pretty good food, really nice people.
A friend and I had lunch here on a Friday afternoon.
For $9, I got two chicken soft tacos with rice & beans, a drink and a bowl of chips.
The food was o.k....but alot better with the addition of salsa from their salsa bar.
They had 4-5 different types of salsa that you could add - for no additional charge.
(The chips were free too).
The restaurant itself is nice.
We were there for a couple of hours and so were a few other groups of people.
The owners have also done a nice job of keeping the place clean - bathrooms and all.
Would I recommend Caramba's?
Sure.
Probably won't be a regular, but would definitely go back.

Ate here today and about a month ago.
Both times yummy.
Customer service is a 2-3 stars.
But, whatever.
I lovvvvvvvvvvvvve their fresh toppings here.
They have just the right mixture of lettuce, tomato, and cheese.
Last time I got a bean tostada and chicken taco plate.
Delish.
Today, I had the chicken salad in a bowl (normally comes in a tortilla shell).
It was so good!
It was lots of lettuce with grilled cubed chicken, topped with refried beans, cheese, olives, tomatoes, and green onions.
It was really refreshing and fresh.
Again, the customer service could be A LOT better, but so far the food has made me want to come back anyway.

Love it when a place is fast food and doesn't taste like it.
Carambas is my go to when I need a quick Mexican food fix without killing my wallet.
Pollo Fundido is great, the salsas are awesome and put together from scratch.
What's even cooler is that they have a little mini bar at this location.
The other locations don't have that from what I've seen.
Love it that they are home grown too.

Ok short and sweet this is very good take out.
We have been here to pick up dinner several times and have tried a number of menu items: the chicken burro, the mex pizza, the enchiladas, and the chimi.
Even the bean burros were some of the better ones I've had.
And price is pretty reasonable, go hit this joint!

Best Mexican food in AZ.
Good price and great taste.

Been a fan for a long time.
It's inexpensive, quick, and delicious not a combo you always get.
I particularly enjoy the Giant Caramba's Burro, granted we generally spit it between three of us, and I also love the Giant Stuffed Quesadilla, again usually shared.
Also they have great grilled fish tacos.
A great family friendly laid back place to grab food and a margarita.

Place has been closed, and we have been waiting for this place to re open.
Well we could have waited longer, food had no taste.

We get takeout for the family a couple times a month on average.
Pretty good food, and awfully consistent flavor and quality.

Good place to go for a mexican quick meal.
Ive never had anything that I dont like.
The salsa bar is good with nice choices and fresh.
Prices are fair and they even have the option for beer and margaritas.
Ole!

Seriously, this is one of my husband's and my favorite places to eat when I'm too tired to cook.
If we ever want Mexican food, without hesitation we know we're going to Carambas.
The new staff are great.
Even the old ones were superb.
We always eat at the bar top.
The buy one get one margaritas will put you on your ass!!
Served in small plastic Solo cups, these are the perfect end to a Monday.
I always bring friends and family here.
The manager even made us dessert on the house (tortilla chips with honey sugar and cinnamon--simple and delicious).
Everything on the menu is delicious.

It is hard not to like this Caramba: the staff is very polite and they prepare your food quickly, even when the restaraunt is a little more crowded.
The dining room is set up well to be open and comfortable, with two large TVs that are usually tuned into sports.
There is also a small dining area outside that is smartly tucked away from the very large parking lot of this shopping center, so things don't get to noisy.
Caramba has a fairly good menu for "fast food" Mexican with fresh ingrediants that at least seem authentic.
It leaps and bounds better than other similar fast food places like Del Taco and Taco Bell and even better than some of the local sit-down Mexican restaraunts.
The prices are noticably more expensive however.
Still, the meals are quite filling and even if it seems like you aren't getting much food for your money, you will walk away full.
On more than one occassion, I've made the mistake of ordering extra tacos on the side because I was super hungry and ended up eating way to much.

Average food, but I think that it's over priced

I can't believe people like this palce.
In the early 90's my parents use to take me to a different location.
I hated the food and had not been back since 1995.
Recently I was told that this location was much better and the quality was great.
So I decided to give them a try.
Once again the food was horrible.
First off, cheese sauce wtf??
You have signs all over the place about how you make everything fresh.
Why not put real cheese on the nachos?
The beans are probably the worst beans I have ever had!
I am from California and Arizona's attempt at mexican food is just sad.
Why waste time and money here.
If you want fake bad mexican food just go to taco bell.

Caramba  is our favorite Mexican restaurant in Surprise.
The food is fast, fresh and delicious.
We enjoy their burritos, tacos, enchiladas, rice, beans, salsas, tamales, and chorizo dishes as well as their friendly service.
The only down side to Caramba is they don't open early enough.
Their breakfast menu is robust, but who wants to wait until 10am for one of their mouthwatering burritos or egg dishes?

Caramba's is find in the Sun City Grand area.
My wife and I really enjoy going to Caramba's because it's just down home good, inexpensive Mexican food.
We go at least twice month if we are in the area.
The food is always fresh and plentiful.
Love the salsa bar.
We can load up on our favorites and they are great on the food.
I like the Chorizo and eggs platter.
Breakfast is great but I have to admit I wish that they would open earlier for breakfast.
Check it out this local restaurant that out does all those overdone place in the area.

Good stuff here, I can get a protein packed lunch at a good price.
Also enjoy getting to pick my salsas out and trying new ones.
The workers here were really nice and looks like they had a decent lunch crowd which is good to see.
I will be back.

I actually crave this place all the time when I think of quick mexican food.
Love the shredded beef enchiladas.
Thier refried beans are perfectly seasoned.
Lettuce and tomatoes always fresh,.
Been here several times and Ill definetly keep coming back.
They have a sign out front about original owners being back although I never noticed a difference in the food.
Its always good.
They have salsa bar thats open thats nice.
Have a little bar inside (full bar) with tv for sports.. when I say little I mean it seats about 6 people.
lol..
They make the strongest margaritas Ive ever had.
YUM!
One of my fave places to go.

For easy takeout and casual dining, this is the place.
Nothing fancy but good affordable food.
Being Spanish, I know and appreciate good Spanish food.
They are very accommodating for people who have special dietary needs.

This is a great place for grilled fish tacos!
I have cravings for them once in a while and they are always the best in town!
Staff is friendly as well.

Did not expect it to be a fast food restaurant but it is.
Their fish tacos are spicy and pretty good.
Their regular tacos are good and made with homemade tortillas.
The salsa bar has a good verity and a lot of didn't spice.
The quesadillas are enough to feed you entire family!
It comes in a freaking pizza box.
lol

Wanted to update my review:  Mr C & I went in on a Friday for a quick, inexpensive dinner out.
I decided to try the margarita since it seemed that everyone else there was drinking them too..
So, I tried it, and oh my... me likey.
Not bad.. for $3.75 a drink, it was pretty darn good.

I rate Mexican restaurants by their refried beans; these were not good, the taste and texture reminded me of canned.
But, the beef taco and the carnitas burrito were good.
The cheese enchilada, not so good.
And the "nachos with cheese" are chips with "nacho sauce" that tastes canned, YUCK!

This place is atrocious, there prices are higher than all their sister stores and don't include rice and beans in their combo's.
While I was eating there the staff apparently thinks that no one knows Spanish and was swearing like there was no tomorrow....Including someone who appeared to be a Manager.
I will never step foot in here again, rather going to the much better quality sister store in Peoria off of Union

Old owners are back so I thought I would try it again.
Same lousy food.
I picked up the food to go and it was already cold.
The tacos had so much grease dripping from them I collected it to change my car oil.
SO needles to say I am done with them!

Omg one of the best fast food Mexican places I've ever been to!
Had their chicken chimichanga, with sour cream/guacamole, and first bite sent me to heaven.
I loved the fire roasted salsa on top.
It was the finishing touch.
I recommend if you love home style Mexican food on the go!

Food's not that great.
The staff was extremely friendly & service was fast.
I had the Caramba chicken nachos.
The chicken had an odd taste to it, like it had been boiled too long & didn't even have any seasoning.
The chips tasted stale.
Nacho cheese sauce from a can....very bland.
Unfortunately we wont be repeat customers.

I am convinced that everyone giving this place good reviews must be confusing this with somewhere else, or its the same people that keep terrible places like Macayo's in business.
I ate here a while ago, and I thought I would give it a second chance last week.
It was still bad.
If a Mexican food place can't make refried beans well, I'm not sure what they can make.
They taste like they are straight from the can.
For a place that touts all of the other fresh items they serve, some effort on their beans would be nice.
The rice had little flavor.
Tortilla was ok at best.
The prices are not as great as some are saying, especially for this quality.
Also, not a huge deal but you need to pay 25 cents for a soda refill, this just bothers me.
If you want great Mexican food in Surprise, go to Rito's on Reems and Greenway.
Nothing in Surprise comes close, especially this place.

very similar to all the other chain Mexican restaurants...nothing else to say

The homemade flour tortillas were awesome, the margaritas were FANTASTIC and very cheap.
Everything tasted authentic, good salsa bar too.
Best surprise in Surprise!

This is a pretty good place to eat.
Plus they have this little mini bar area too, but I do mean mini.
My favorite,  or at least one of them is the super nachos minus the nacho cheese sauce and replaced with real cheddar cheese.
AWESOMMMMME.
The chicken or shredded beef are both tasty.
It's always quiet,  no lines or long wait for your food.
They have a TV that is usually playing sports recaps or something so that's nice too.
The staff will do anything to make your food the way you asked for it and don't mind changing something small to accommodate.

We visit Caramba's almost every Saturday night after church.
We love the food there!
Super fresh and great prices!
We almost always get the Mexican pizza with shredded beef, taquitos, and have had the Giant Caramba many times.
All are really good.
The free chips with your order and fresh salsa bar are also a great plus.
My only complaint with the restaurant is that the tables and chairs are really uncomfortable, hard to move to accommodate larger parties, and just plain ugly.
If the seating were better I would give them 5 stars.
But obviously, since we visit almost weekly, the food is better than the decor!

Like eating here.
Appreciate their gluten free options, fresh food and feel good taking my family there knowing there isn't a bunch of artificial ingredients.
I do wish their beans were tastier.

