For cheap pizza, it's as good as it gets.
More selection than the other cheap pizza places, and the quality is way better.
The wings are delicious also, especially the Cajun flavor!!!
If your looking for something like one of the big chains, then go there, but this is good for the money.
If you want gourmet pizza, then go pay for it, don't look for it at the bargain places.
I paid $29 for an XL pizza with two toppings and 20 wings, and everyone was happy!
Just know that it's really fast pizza, but it's better than the other big guys!

Um, the works pizza we ordered was smashed to one side, so we called back to get a replacement.
The girl replied, "Well, we could send you a fresh one, but it wont be like 5 minutes, it would be more like a half hour.
Or we could credit you for a large, one topping pizza.
" Um, not a works like we ordered?
So we dug into the extra cheese only to find it under cooked.
Ewe.
When calling for a full refund because we didn't want to eat this crap, the guy who answered this time was very compliant, but never even said he was sorry for the hassle, or the crappy pizza.
Bummer, I liked Hungry Howie's Pizza, but we wont order from this place again.

I had not been to Hungry Howie's for years...
When I saw the sign one large one toping pizza $5.00 I had to get one.
Friendly staff I ordered my pizza with jalapeños and the Cajon spice crust.
It was surprisingly a pretty good pizza... For that price if you're hungry and want some left over pizza it's a homerun.

I stopped in and ordered a pizza as did my coworker.
We sat down and waited.
15 minutes passed when they realized they gave my pizza away to another customer.
So I sit and wait another 15 minutes.
While I'm there I overhear them say they will give the guy that got the wrong pizza a free pizza for the mix up.
When it came to my pizza, they said here you go and sorry.
That's it.
To top that off, I asked for butter cheese crust and all I got was butter.
I even asked them to redo the crust, and they just buttered it some more.
If it wasn't for the fact that the pizza is good and a hell of a deal at 5 bucks, and not to mention the closest Howie's to work, I'd never go back.
Damn you howie for being so good!
I recommend you call in your order because sitting and waiting for it is like sitting in a sauna because its so hot in there.

Only five dollar pizza worth getting... Great for the price!

Best crust hands down!
I love HH.
Great deals and friendly staff!

Just picked up my order and I'm so disappointed!
This was once my favorite pizza place.
When I walk in the girl who's was behind the counter is drawing on promotional material and doesn't acknowledge me as a consumer about to make a purchase.
After a few minutes without looking up from her drawing project she ask, "Did you call in?"...
I paid and left, wish I would have checked my pizza before I left.
The pizza was practically burnt!
I realty liked this place before such a horrendous experience!

They have redeemed themselves!
Better service this time!
Great pizza!

Hungry Howie's....good, cheap pizza.
Yeah it's not fancy wood baked pizza, but for the price, you can't beat it.
Always good coupon deals around too.
I'd rank Hungry Howie's above Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa John's..any of the big chain, econo-pizza joints.
From this location, I've always had really good service.

For the price the pizza is pretty good.
Howie bread is very good.
Not best but better than Pizza Hut.
Pizza not a good as I remember this time.
Seemed like they did not put a lot of cheese on it.

First and last time.
Not overly picky when I am ordering pizza for delivery but this pizza has no flavor.
Just moved to Chandler...never heard of the place...didn't look at yelp.
I would choose Domino's over this and I am not a fan of Domino's.
The delivery was slow but it was also the NCAA championship night so was fine with that.
The delivery person came back about 20 min later as he said he forgot to give us our 2 liter bottle of soda and bread...I had not ordered them.
He said they came free with every order so if that if the case, I applaud them for that!

