Ohhh... so much better than walmart.
Employees are nicer, the customers inside seem to be less stupid and respectful of other people.
Wish my house was closer to bashas than walmart.

I recently purchased cooked shrimp from the seafood counter...
Ugh!!!
Worst shrimp I ever had!!!
It was like chewing rubber!
What a disappointment.
It was old I guess.
Bought it to make a shrimp cocktail and use the rest for shrimp scampi.
Two items for superbowl Sunday grinds, sucked.
Don't buy the shrimp from Bashas.
You're better off buying the frozen one that's prepackaged.
Will never go back there again.
Fry's has better shrimp!

They have the best bakery in town.
Awesome French-style crusty baguettes!

Thing is..this store cannot compete with Frye's..and the proof is that there is hardly anyone there.
Limited selection on items, (I mean really..No Baker's Choc??
) and the Starbucks..while staffed with very good people...alway has a line out the door on Sunday with pajama-clad coffee drinkers (P.S..go to Tully's at Frye's..no line and great coffee).
But what I really dislike is the few times I do go to Basha's, mainly for a sale..I am in line forever...one checker is only opened..and I am usually behind WIC people who divide up orders between baby formula (paid for by WIC) and about 10 bottles' of 40s (paid for with crumpled dollar bills).
So clerks are nice, store is clean, just is not on the level of Frye's, and they are more expensive.

Still WIC and EBT heaven and the clerks do not know how to deal with this.
Same thing..8 bottles of 40 and cigs paid with cash..then the baby formula with coupons...end up in a line from hell.
Frys is alwasy busy..but MUCH better customer service.

While in Maricopa for the day to visit friends, we stopped at Basha's to pick up some Vanilla ice cream and an apple pie to take over to our friends' house.
This store is nice and big and the bakery area is really easy to find.
Something that impressed us when we first pulled in?
They have shaded carport awnings that cover each and every parking space.
That itself is very cool, and with it being summer and very hot now, those shaded awnings are a real blessing!
I wish EVERY store had those!
The floor in the store didn't look very clean to me but maybe it was because there was a lot of foot traffic while I was in there, since so many people were shopping that morning.
The cashier was very nice and she understood why I didn't have a Basha's Thank You card when she asked me (I rarely ever shop there so I don't feel the need for one).
The bagger, on  the other hand, kept yawning and wasn't very polite.
He said "Have a nice day" with a stone-faced expression and then yawned again.
As far as prices go, if you don't have their Thank You card, it's not worth shopping there.
They are EXPENSIVE!
If I would have had their card, the ice cream I bought would have been $2.50 instead of almost $6.00 for a container of Dreyer's French Vanilla!
I'll stick with my regular shopping venues.

CUSTOMER BEWARE!
This "Bashas", does not honor the prices listed in their current flyer.
They charge you more at check out!
So every time you go shopping on the basis of their current flyer, its reduced prices, I advice you to keep checking the price you are being charged at check out!
Because they repeatedly charge you the regular price, not what their current flyer says.
So, I advice you to check your receipts each time you go shopping at this Bashas location - and additionally complain, if you were charged an incorrect price!
...
These are not single incidences, but this is going on for years now.
(Recently with Reese's cabbage salad, which was on sale for $1.79 but sold for $1.99.
)   -- ...
Even if it is just 10 or 20 cents per item, this adds up over the course of a month and especially for people that need to watch out every month over their food budget.
-   ... And someone else working at Bashas might be pocketing the additional money that is in the register each night instead.
(And in Fry's, in Maricopa, this happens too often as well.
So that makes us wonder so many times why "Trader Joe's" or "Fresh and Easy" are able to observe their prices ALWAYS!
While at Bashas, Walmart or Frys, this deceptive customer practice is prevalent, especially here in Maricopa.
)  Nor does this Bashas put the correct on-sale price on the product shelves for the current reduced items, either.
So anyone who does not go shopping by looking at the flyer will be charged normal price for it also, NOT the REDUCED PRICE!
...  And if you complain about Basha's incorrect billing, they give you a stupid answer, that "they change their prices twice per week".
Go figure this one out??????
We've never heard this from any other food store!
Nor is Bashas flyer only half a week valid, but 7 days!
But if enough people will complain they will be forced to stop with this deceptive practice!
Additionally, we had repeatedly unexpired salads from the deli that - although eating it the same or the next day - they were already spoiled and caused stomach problems!
The only positive thing that can be said about this Bashas is that it has covered parking.
....
But wait a minute, maybe we are charged extra in our food because of the covered parking??????????

Unless there is a sale I don't shop here.
High prices and too few checkout lanes open makes Fry's across the street a better experience and at cheaper cost.

I go only when I want covered parking.
That is it.
It's pricey, cluttered, looks dirty and normally has a bunch of elderly or weirdos sitting in the chairs just as you walk in.
2 stars for the covered parking.

