For primary teachers, this store has plenty of fun stuff that any teacher would love to buy (if they had endless amounts of money!
)  But as a middle school teacher, this place is lacking.
I teach math, and the only poster I found was a perimeter & area poster.
The lady at the store told me that was all they had.
I tried to also find some new character education posters, but the only ones they had were geared towards 5 year olds with pictures of cartoon teddy bears.
I was also surprised that they didn't have any of the "motivational" type posters.
And why is this place so overpriced?
If I needed to buy post-it notes or markers, I would walk the 200 yards down to Wal-mart and buy them for probably half the price that Lakeshore sells them for.

I would have to totally agree with Chrysty C....if you are looking for elementary supplies, this is a great place to shop.
But if you teach middle school on up, this store really has absolutely nothing for you beyond things like bulletin board borders.
I am totally bummed that I have yet to find a teacher supply store that has a good upper grade collection.

I loved this store.
I am not sure what the other reviewers were expecting, but I am glad to take the store for what it is and not what it is not.
It has an amazing variety of educational toys.
Having a child that required some OT and Speech therapy, I wish I had known about this place before.
THere are so many items I could have gotten.
I love that they have a free craft for kids 3+ every Saturday.
Of course, they know you are not going to come out empty handed.
I ended up spending about $60.00.
I used my $5 check in coupon.
Thank you, Yelp.
They were so nice.
They told me I could organize a craft day with my twin group.
Can't wait to go back.

Great place to find cool educational toys etc for kids.
We work with a kindergarten class and for every project or activity we do with them we get the ideas from here.
They absolutely love it.

I traveled out of my way here today to check out their "fine motor" section and was happy I did!
This store has a wide variety, great sales, and superb customer service.
I will definitely be back as I wanted to continue browsing even after I left.
A must if you work with children in an educational setting or if you want to add educational toys to your daily routine.

