Sarah Jessica Parker.
Stephon Marbury.
Venus Williams.
What do these things have in common?
They are all selling their fashion lines exclusively through Steve & Barry's.
Oh yea - and they are GOOD!
The Starbury line has shoes that look like sweet Nikes but cost $15.
My girlfriend is an athletic shoe snob that has fallen in love with these shoes.
Not only does it cheaply feed her "I must have a different pair of shoes to match every outfit" fetish, but she has also found them to be just as if not more comfortable that brands where she's paid 4-10 times as much.
And it doesn't stop there.
There are Starbury polo shirts that specifically match particular shoes.
And ya know how much?
$5.
On our last trip there were 2 shoes and 4 shirts purchased for the price she would have normally bought 1 pair of shoes.
She was in heaven.
The Venus line isn't out yet - but she recently signed to sell exclusively with them.
That alone was enough to get a friend of mine interested to check the store out.
I'm totally Bitten by the Bitten bug.
SJP's clothing line is totally unexpected in that it's cute, it's fun, it's fashionable and it's cheap.
I mean it.
With no sale going at all you're looking at  prices at or less than Target.
Denim skirts- $12.
Cute white button down shirts $9.
It was kinda insane.
I kept looking for the candid camera to catch our shock.
Even the accessories were cute.
But I have to say, as awesome as these individual things are, the whole center of the store is a giant divider filled with cubbies of t-shirts.
From your favorite college sports teams to oh-my-god-they-did-not-just-say-that funny t-shirts.
On our first trip there we OD'd a bit here and got about 8-10 shirts.
But at 2 for $15, it's so hard to say no.
This is not a mall where you would expect for this to be located.
They are doing some kind of massive re-development over there which should help - but let's just say that this is no Scottsdale mall.
But I've gotta say, it's the only one in Arizona - and it's worth the drive.
UPDATE: Channel 3's Good Morning AZ did a remote show from this mall today.
They did a quickie on Steve & Barry.
The female newscaster was in a serious state of shock and awe with the clothing.
And I learned that nothing in the store is ever over $20.
Good to know...

Spurred on by my own curious desire to see what Sarah Jessica Parker would design and Kristin C.'s glowing review, I trekked the 25 plus miles down to Desert Sky Mall to peruse the wares of Steve and Barry's.
I'd known Steve and Barry's from my college days.
It was the place to go for cheap but good quality shirts to show your school pride.
They came in just about every color and style and as always, were under $20.
They've come a long way since then.
I was very surprised when I walked in and saw a store that is comparable to an Old Navy.
The clothes were trendy, well made, and there was something for everyone.
The SJP line, Bitten, is pretty nice.
I have to admit, I have kind of a huge rack and her button down shirts are the first that don't gap in the bust but fit every where else.
And at $15 a pop, I can afford to buy one in every color.
The newest line is Eleven by Venus Williams.
I'm not a huge matchy match gym clothes kind of girl but after seeing her stuff, I think I might be converted.
For $15 for a pair of yoga pants, I just might work out a little more often.
The line includes shoes that also very stylish and cute.
While it's a bit of a drive for me, I'll definitely be back.
I'm pretty impressed with the quality and the style.
The one itsy bitsy little thing that bugged me was that the store was sort of disorganized when I came in.
But after seeing staff unpacking merchandise, I attribute this to a recent shipment.

Everything is $8.98!!!!!!!!!
All items are $8.98 at Steve & Barry's for a limited time.
And I mean everything: shoes, jeans, t-shirts, dresses, purses.
This place is t-shirt central.
All tees are currently 2 for $15 and with more than 100 message tees to choose from there is something for everyone.
Some of my personal faves: "I'm Huge in China"; "Rub My Belly for Good Luck" & "Rehab is for Quitters".
I know what everyone is getting for Christmas this year!!
The store carries the popular lines Bitten by Sarah Jessica Parker, Dear by Amanda Bynes and Eleven by Venus Williams.
According to SJP fashion is not a luxury, it's a right.
Well, this isn't exactly fashion, well certainly not high fashion.
But, you definitely get what you pay for and for $8.98 you get more than you paid for.
I did end up walking out with two huge shopping bags and spending less than I've spent on a pair of designer jeans.
If you like casual, comfy, sportswear this is definitely the store for you.
I'm not madly in love with the place, but will make a visit every now and then to stock up on gifts and loungewear.

#84 on the list of www.stuffwhitepeoplelike.com is t-shirts and this place has tons of them.
The store looks more like a Gap than the swap mart stall I was expecting.
They have maybe 200 styles of t-shirts most or all at 2 for $15.
175 of those t-shirts have some stupid tacky sayings on them but a few were pretty cool.
One good thing about this place is that had licensed sports shirts, so I had to pick up an ASU shirt to wear to the football games next year!
Minus one star for making me go a west side mall.

I made a special trip all the way to Desert Sky Mall out of pure curiosity for Steve & Barry's.
A whole clothing store where everything is $8.95?
Intriguing!
I'm sorry to say I didn't really like it.
The store was pretty messy, the t-shirts were tacky and every time I found a pair of pants or jeans I liked they were out of my size.
It might be a good place to pick up some new workout clothes for the gym, but I wouldn't make a trip all the way across town for that.
I think you could buy comparable clothes at Kohls, Mervyns or Target and not spend much more.

Curiosity Killed The Cat?
Your Damn right it did and it wasted my gas!!
I was curious, I'd never heard of Steve and Barry's, I figured it would be a cheap way to get out of buying school clothes for my 8Th grader.
Shame on all you who hyped this place up.
It's like the Big Lots-MacFrugals-Pic-N-Save  version of Old Navy.
Not one single thing I would ever buy for myself or anyone else.....EVER!
Complete and total CRAP!!
Boo Sarah Jessica Parker and Amanda Bynes for putting your name on TOTAL  SHIT!
Well it least it wasn't a total loss we headed over to Pac Sun and loaded up on 2 bags full of the cutest new school clothes!
Way Cool!

