The people who work at and manage this practice are super nice.

I went in b/c I didn't feel well, like all people do.
The service from the staff was really great.
The front staff were so kind to my husband and I.
The back office staff were kind as well.
The only reason Im not giving WVUC 5 stars, is because of the physician I was seen by.
She was extremely nice, but she seemed un-knowlegable.
I left more confused then I was when I walked in.

Great people.
Had X-rays done and was told I had a sprain and to follow up with my primary care physician in a couple days from visit.
Ended up walking around for a week on a fractured tibia due to POOR X-rays!!
Would not recommend for injuries that require X-rays until they get better equipment.

We received terrible care from Dr. Punis and his staff.
My husband was feeling lethargic and so we went in for an appointment with Dr. Punia to request his Iron level be tested.
Dr. Punia barely spoke to us, which at the time, we didn't mind because our main concern was the Iron test.
When the results were in, the office told us we could not receive the results over the phone, that instead we would have to make a follow-up appointment.
We figured something was wrong so we did.
When my husband first tried to pay his $25 co-pay, the front desk told him it would be a $115 copay.
He said "Are you sure?
It's usually $25".
She said "I'll check your insurance.
Oh yes, $25.
"  We were kind of put off at that point, that she would just make a charge without checking.
But we let it go.
When we saw Dr. Punia, he said everything was normal and started naming a dozen different lab values.
We questioned him because he did not mention iron and we make it very clear that we did not approve all those other tests.
He said "The office must have made a mistake.
We'll redraw.
It is a two-part test but she can take your blood now.
"  My husband offered to come back because the phlebotomist was eating her lunch but she said she would take a break to make the draw.
Once again, they drew several tests, without our permission.
And are now trying to charge us $600 for test fees!

