I have a fear of dentists.
I think my whole family does after years of bad dental service in Chicago.
(The Chicago hygienist was so bad that she could make my tough-guy dad cry during a cleaning.
I never stood a chance.
) Therefore, you can see why we were drawn to a dental office with "gentle" in their name.
And they live up to it!
I have the most visit-experience with the hygienist, Aimee.
She always remembers me, and we can almost pick up a conversation exactly where we left off six months ago.
Aimee is thorough of course - my teeth are in excellent and beautiful shape - but she cleans my teeth in such a way that my gums aren't sore for three days afterwards.
To her I can answer honestly that, yes, I am flossing, but no, not as often as I should, and she just politely reminds me of how flossing would improve specific areas of my mouth; she never makes me feel embarrassed or guilty.
Let me put it this way: I live in Central Phoenix and happily drive out to East Mesa every six months to go to Gentle Dental and see Aimee.
When you've found a good dentist that doesn't give you anxiety for the week leading up to the appointment, you know you've got a keeper.

I left my last regular office after they changed hygienists, and was overdue for my check up.
I was nervous going to a new office, but everyone was very friendly and welcoming.
Dr. Geronimo was great, and Markisha (the hygienist) was wonderful.
She did a terrific job, all the while making sure I was still comfortable.
I would definitely recommend this office to anyone.

My whole family comes here, and we love it!
We all see the hygienist Aimee because she is truly the best.
She so nice, and she does remember everyone even though appointments are only once every six months.
Aimee always explains what she observes with my teeth and gives me useful advice for how to take better care of my pearly whites.
She answers all my questions and leaves notes for the doctor to review.
Dr. Geronimo and Dr. Comacho are also very nice and helpful.
I am no longer afriad of seeing the dentist because the staff here are so great and put me at ease.

Loved this place!
Affordable, friendly, good!

