This is the worst JiB I have ever been to.
The soda machine in dining room is broken, so you'd figure they would automatically fill your cup for you, but no, you still have to ask them to fill it.
My mom found a hair in her chicken sandwich.
Service as crappy and our food took forever.
I will never set foot in this place again!

Went to the drive thru, and there was a really long queue.
When I pulled up to order, it took about a minute for the guy to say anything, and when he did I could barely hear him, and he seemed, well, slow.
When I finally got to the window I realized why, he was clearly off his nut on drugs.
His face was DRIPPING in sweat, his eyes were blank, he was pale, looked like he was about to pass out and he was ridiculously slow to respond.
His friend was helping him out, and that guy seemed more lucid but in a semi-high way, like he was on it too but just didn't take too much like the other guy.
So I paid and then about 10 minutes later (why so long?
)  they came out with my meal and the helper guy says "here's your burger and large fries" with this super creepy smile on his face.
I ate the fries but didn't touch the burger.
For one the first guy was plain disgusting, and if he cooked it in front of me I probably would think twice about eating it.
But there were also alarm bells going off that something was just not right about these guys and some kind of bodily fluid had probably been dispensed in the burger.
Hard to explain why but the one that handed it to me had a sort of "I know something you don't know" expression on his face.
I've never thrown out food before but this time I was just too creeped out by these little freaks.
AVOID.
(The fries are good though)  If anyone with any kind of authority at Jack in the Box is reading this, the 2 guys you had working on 07/21/11 6pm are: (a) Definitely taking drugs at work (b) Slow and unproductive (c) Very creepy and wierd (d) Probably jacking in the box

Went here cause it was close to where I live and wanted some food really quick, and went through the drive-through and was greeted by a friendly voice!
Ordered quickly and painlessly.
Went to window and the lady was very nice, asked how my day was, quickly did payment and got food and drink!
No complaints there.
Got home, and food was good, there curly fries are awesome!

I've never been to a jack in the box before.
I had heard all the rave about tacos and such.
Unfortunately the overall experience was not on par.
First, the place could use a good cleaning.
My table was dirty from not being wiped down.
The place had no customers.
The trash can was filled to the limit.
Staff didn't seem concerned about cleanliness or appearance of the store.
Next, waited a very long time for food.
The curly fries were hot but not plentiful.
The tacos temperature was cool.
Not hot.
The drink machine needed a change to add soda.
Staff again didn't seem concerned when approached.
I left feeling that perhaps this location failed to deliver an experience of the famed jack in the box.
Hopefully this is an isolated incident.
But not a good start.

