I was doing a grocery store tour yesterday and went into Food City for some dinnertime inspiration.
First of all, it is a bad sign to get out of your car and smell next door's indian food restaurant from halfway across the parking lot.
i love indian food but that was gross.
This location has a sad sad inventory.
The produce looked decent and the store seemed clean except for peeling paint on the walls.
The back wall, which in most stores is the Dairy department, was actually a wall of junk food.
I guess that's more a sad commentary on society than Food City.
The whole store was really chock-full of cheap junky food, and the only inspiration I found was their great mexican food aisles with delicious looking tortillas and everything else you would need to prepare a wonderful mexican dinner.
unfortunately i am not cooking in my hotel room so i left empty-handed.

What you say... 5 STARS?????
OK, let me explain.
I have shopped at Food City markets for over 7 years now, and this is one of the nicer stores.
Some still may find this place to be a dump, and yeah...Its no AJ's, that's for sure, but I buy all of my produce here because of the price.
Basically, its the same company as AJ's and Basha's, just a lot more grungy!
But, I went here last week (3/16/2009)  and bought a week's worth of produce for $9.99!
Cilantro- 4 for a buck... Red, yellow, orange bell peppers- 69 cents each.
(Nice) green leaf lettuce- $1.29.
Celery- 69 cents.
I could go on, but you get the point!
I live in N Scottsdale, and drive to this store and the one on Greenway- They are the two cleanest and closest stores to me.
Don't be put off by the appearence or the nationality they seem to favor...
I am into bargains, and this place ROCKS!

I absolutely love this grocery store.
We don't have anything like it in San Diego, possibly because we are so close to the border that we can drive across to a Gigante any time we want.
I really don't know, but I wish I had a store like this in my neighborhood.
It's like a cool piece of México right in South Scottsdale.
They have ALL kinds of great Mexican and Mexican-american foods and ingredients, many from small companies including the family-owned Poblano salsa company from Tucson.
Try getting their Salsa Ranchera in Tijuana.
I TAKE it to Tijuana!
Food city has a Mexican deli and panaderia serving up everything from Mexican wedding cookies and cakes to really good, spicy guacamole and ceviche.
The chili colorado was outstanding.
They feature lots of Mexican soft drinks and Lala yogurt.
If you like yogurt and have not had Lala mango or peach yet, leave tire marks in the driveway to go get some.
Mmmm.
The meat department caters to Latin tastes.
You won't find $50/pound filet mignons there but you will find really good carne asada and other cuts ready to cook the way we cook.
Produce is very high quality and very reasonably priced.
I can't find tomatillos anywhere in the area of San Diego where I live but Food City has them in abundance.
All you need is a food processor and some creativity and you've got salsa fresca.
I have always found employees to be very friendly and helpful with managers who jump in and ring up orders, stock shelves or whatever else needs to be done.
I also enjoy the people who shop there.
I just wish I had this store close to home and could visit more often than I can on business trips to the Phoenix area.
I can't shop to conjunto music in any other store unless I am South of the border.

I'm utterly terrified of this store.
I opt to drive a few miles to Frys instead.

Good prices, but terrible customer service.
The people that work there were not friendly at all.
I wouldn't go back, I don't care how much cheaper they are.
Would it hurt them to smile and say please and thank you?

They get 4 stars because I can now buy Inca Kola whenever I want it!
In Ohio we'd have to order it online or drive to the nearest Peruvian restaurant (in Pittsburgh, about 2 hours each way) and buy it at their high prices.
They lose a star though because I appreciate friendly employees and they were not.
Had I began a conversation with them in Spanish though, they probably would've been chatty then.
Tiny bit biased perhaps but oh well, I love Inca Kola enough to not care!!

Grocery store was within walking distance for my hotel stay.
Picked up my food stash for my visit.

The produce here is consistently sub par - they often have some stuff you can't get in other chains but come on.
It is right down the street from where I live yet still I only go there in a pinch - especially beer and the occasional panic for something for dinner.
The staff has never been aloof or disrespectful to me or my daughter so I do enjoy that part.
I feel a small face-lift and better quality meats and produce would put this grocery on another level.
Oh and don't bother going there for wine... there isn't a bottle in the place.

There's a reason my acronym for this place is "Food Shitty" lol

Dropped in here on a whim just to see what it was all about.
Prices are good but that old saying rings true ... you get what you pay for!
Especially when it comes to customer service.
The staff is rude, uncaring and not very helpful.
I realize that the prices are really low but would it be that difficult to answer my question with some concern and maybe a smile?
If all you are after are el cheapo pricing, then this is the place for you!

Clean, well-stocked store with very friendly cashers and staff.
Prices are great and if you watch the paper for ads, you can get real bargains on fresh fruits, vegetables and other items.

... Be afraid  ... Be very afraid  Like seriously... Botulism and flesh eating bacteria plots to over take this nasty place at night.
Together they ooze under the meat coolers where drippings fall and pool to rot and then they team up with the worms in the bean bins to further their filth rein of terror.
Unless you're looking for a quick weight loss plan involving painful bouts of explosive diarrhea and anti-fungal and anti-parasitic  medications while you suffer from lock jaw and god only knows what else, steer clear and pay the extra buck or two per order to obtain clean, safe food from another grocer.
Convenience does not equal safety.

A bit nicer than just an A-OK.   Produce is hit or miss (mostly hit, believe it or not).
If you want anything for cooking Mexican food, you'll find it here, and for a cheap-o price.
I haven't experienced any issues with cleanliness, unpleasant smells, or rude staff.
I get smiles and chit-chat from the cashiers when checking out, and I'm clearly a white girl.
I don't come often, however, as their cheese section leaves me longing for Sprouts or Trader Joe's, and apparently cheese is about 1/3 of my diet.

I've been shopping here regularly since it became a Food City several years ago and love it.
One of the best things about Food City, at least this one, is that if anything like a line begins to form at checkout, a new clerk immediately jumps in and moves people through.
The opposite of the long lines I've endured at Albertson's.
Second great thing is perusing the fascinating selection of Mexico-oriented products that you don't see anywhere else, particularly the great variety in the produce section.
Where else would I have discovered the really tasty 'Super Leon' chili-encrusted low-sugar dried mango candy?
For a total gringo like me it's a culinary adventure.
Highly recommended!

