This Wells Fargo sucks so hard.
I work at a bank and, while I'm not unfortunate enough to be a lowly teller subjected to public scrutiny and the near-constant asshole customer, I try to be empathetic to those in positions of customer service.
I don't have a lot of reasons to go into the bank anymore since I got direct deposit, but they made going in here absolute hell.
Most of the tellers I've talked to here visibly hate their jobs.
I've had some stand-out service here in the past, but now it looks like all they employ are MCC dropouts with no ambition.
I went in the other day to make a simple withdrawal and the girl subjected me to the most condescending, uninterested tone.
I hadn't really made a withdrawal from the branch before, and asked her where the slips were.
Her response?
"We don't keep them out where people can just grab them and fill them out," followed by a terrible, irritated sigh.
I kept my cool with her, but this isn't the first time I've been treated like garbage from a banker at this location.
Before I enrolled in direct deposit, I went to the branch bi-monthly to deposit my paychecks.
Every damn time, the same tellers would ask me, in the same clipped, impatient tone, if I've thought about enrolling in direct deposit.
I'm really nice - I fill out my deposit slip nice and neat, have everything ready to go, and they fucking grill me every time I'm in there like I am the most terrible inconvenience.
I went in once to report a stolen debit card, and the banker tried to SELL me new account services.
This place is seriously ass-backwards.
I understand what it's like to hate where you work, but leave your baggage at home while you work and try to be pleasant with people who are pleasant to you.

I have been a customer of Wells Fargo for a year and have deposited a good amount of money.
Since now the economy sucks and I dont have a job my account overdrafted.
I will be getting money on the 1st to pay off my overdraft.
The overdraft department has called me non stop and been very rude, treating me like I am lower than dirt.
Im sorry  but I thought I was still a customer.
Today Briane from that department hung up on me and was very rude.
I cannot stand a business that treats their customers like best friends as long as you are giving them money but then are complete ass holes because of circumstance.
I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS BANK TO ANYONE!!!
I hate banks period but this one needs to be gone.
This actual location has some of the nicest tellers but overall I HATE WELLS FARGO!
I hope they all know they could be me tomorrow with no job.

I always have a good experience at this bank, and it's been our bank for years.
The only thing I can't stand is the remodeling of the teller windows.
I can't hear what the heck the teller is saying to me, though they can hear me loud and clear.
Always nice happy people no matter what day or time.
Fast, speedy, friendly people.
Most like to chat, and when you come in the door there's always someone asking what you need today.
I also noticed they have coffee and cookies now.
Neat.
Comfy chairs too.
One unfortunate event I had was when I needed checks and was sat down with this lady.
Don't know her name but she didn't care to service me and it really showed.
Was a tad rude and kept telling me things that weren't true about account plans and such and such and I told her otherwise.
Nice place though.

I've always had friendly, quick service from the tellers here, and am usually even greeted by someone at the front door.
This is a busier-than-average branch, so I won't hold their long lines against them, but keep this in mind if you're headed here late in the day or on a Friday.

I've always had a pleasant experience at this Wells Fargo.
The tellers are all courteous and polite.
They handle my transactions without issues and always wish me a pleasant day.
I've become somewhat of a regular at this location as my office is just down the street.
They greet me by name and always offer assistance if needed.
They are one of the busier Wells Fargo's in terms of foot traffic so their lines can get long on pay days.
If you can avoid the bank on late Friday afternoons as well as the 15th and 30th/31st of the month I would.
For a big bank they don't make me feel like number.

Quick, easy & great customer service.
Not my part of town so didn't know what to expect.
Someone greeted me at entry & directed me.
No line, there were more than enough tellers open.

