Poor service at this location- we reserved a full size but they didn't have one.
Luckily for them, someone had altered our res to a midsize, which they had.
We had our confirmation but were told we could have changed our res after printing; essentially calling us liars.
I almost got into it with two employees who acted like they were doing us a favor by giving us a car our baby seat could barely fit into.
Wow, that was a terrible experience.

Excellent service on a great new car for my weekend rental in late June.
Nice economical Altima, (41 MPG on the trip - with full carload and AC running) And the price was cheaper than anybody else around.
Busy office at 5:30 in the afternoon, but service was efficient.
Turn-in of the vehicle was smooth and easy.
My brother rented from them on a one-way rental and got a super deal also.

All the cars are in bad shape ...
They keep swapping all the crap cars around the place ...
They gave me a huge mileage Altima ...
Which had two alarms on the dash ...
I swapped it out but while I'm there they go and give the car to someone else ....
Took over an hour to swap the car out despite the fact that I phoned and gave an hours notice.... No one in the shop stays with one customer ..
They constantly shuffle around ...
The q's get longer and longer .... And they keep having friendly chats with people ....   An absolutely awful place to rent a car

I had the worse service at this location yesterday.
After my car got hit in a parking lot while it was parked while I was working.
I had to take my car in for collision repair.
The collision place called this location for me and they came and picked me up.
Ok so then after going through the whole entire transaction and being told that it was a 50.00 deposit and a hold would be placed on my debit card.
I had to transfer money from one account to another.
I was then told that my card didn't go through as it was not the 50.00 hold it would be 52.00 and due to the fact that I had already transferred what was supposed to be enough it was 2 dollars more.
They could not use my card again until 24 hours had went by to redo the transaction.
This is one stupid procedure that kept me from getting a rental that I needed.
She showed no interest in helping me or even bending the rules a bit to get me a vehicle.
The person that was doing the transaction was stupid and her so called manager was dumb as hell and wouldn't not come from the back of the room.
She just sent some little lame stupid guy to stop me from doing what they think all blacks do is get "Violent" which I do not do.
Horrible service, a great deal of racial profiling in this location.
Stay aways from it at all cost.
I proceeded to walk over to Enterprise Rental and got a car and was out of their in 30 minutes at the Autoplex center.

Insist on a lower rate!!
Hertz in general charges high rates compared to other car rentals.
However, their service doesn't seem to tie with the higher rates.
I called for a billing question and they had me on hold for OVER 20 min!!
The offices are often dirty and old, and the cars are also not always kept up.
I got a rental recently until my personal car was repaired, and they rental I received had not been washed in or outside.
I'll be looking for other firms offering rates that correspond to the service!

Can I give them zero star?
This place is RIDICULOUS!
I made a reservation before I travelled to Phoenix.
I confirmed with them the day before my flight and they were very polite at that time.
Then they called me half an hour before the pick-up time, when I was on my way to their store, that they would not have any available car for me!!
They said they would put me on a waiting-list but have not idea when they can give me a car!!
When I told them I only have two days here and could not wait, they suggested I go to the airport and rent a car there.
400 dollars for two-day rental and they would in no way compensate me!
!Is this how RESERVATION works!!
Car rental experience in Hertz has never been this annoying!

Horrible customer service.
Over changed me on my rental.
Rented me a scratched, dinged, cracked car and then charge me 50% over the negotiated rate.
In store customer service was just as bad as the "800" service I forced the in store employee to call.

