Never go to this place for the service.
I had been there twice and every time they broke things right after i did my service there.
I had to bring back my car for repair.
I had spent over $1000 there for my first service and 2nd time they tried to overcharge me an unauthorized payment.
Too bad that they just lost a valuable customer like me who is willing to spend a lot for the car service.
Go to any local place to fix your car.
You can receive not only a better service but also a more reasonable price too.
Brakes plus (the one in Gilbert) can be considered.

I have dealt with other car dealers.
Unfortunately I have not had the level of professionalism that I received tonight from Chris Davis at Big Two Toyota in Chandler.
The dealership was immaculate.
Everyone was friendly.
There were no "high pressure" tactics like other dealerships and I got a FANTASTIC deal!
I just checked Edmunds and I purchased my car for less than Edmunds said I should have paid for it!
If you want a sure enough great deal on a Toyota or a Scion don't look any further than Chris Davis (480)287-3191 Cell at Big Two Toyota Scion in Chandler, AZ.
I tried my best to purchase a Ford Fusion and buy American.
I went to San Tan Ford in Chandler first and those guys were pushy, manipulative, and just plain "Salesy" in their approach.
They never would give me a straight answer and they kept trying to "close me on payment".
I was insulted and decided I would pursue the Prius from Toyota instead.
I got a great car and a great deal and you should too!
Again go see Chris Davis at Big Two Toyota Scion Internet Fleet Department and he'll take care of you.
I'll go back again when my wife needs a car!
I gave them five stars because that's all Yelp has.
The finance department was great and we were in and out of the dealership in less than two hours start to finish!
I got 48 months interest free financing on my car!
WOOHOO!

I also had a pretty negative experience here.
A few months after getting bent over on unnecessary upsells by Camelback Toyota and their shady service department, I decided to give Big Two a try since they had a brand new facility and were much more convenient in terms of their location.
I brought my vehicle in for a standard oil change, and lo and behold, the service writer comes back to me with claims that I need to flush my fluids and have additional work performed.
I told them absolutely not, just finish my oil change and that's all I have the time and money for today.
He continued to try and talk me into these unnecessary additional services, unaware that I'd already fallen for that trick once at Camelback, and there was absolutely NO way my car required these bogus services (again!
) only a few thousand miles later.
These people are crooks, my guess would be that they adhere to these business practices to help pay for their nice, new facility...but quite frankly, I'm not gonna help you foot the bill for it by paying for imaginary services that I don't need.

How do I loathe thee, Big Two Chandler service department?
Let me count the ways...
There's a special ring in hell where all the mechanics and sales people at this dealership belong.
They are the lowest of the low.
I'm talking the-bully-who-used-steal-your-lunch-money-in-grade-school kind of low.
Or the-22-year-old-loser-who-posed-as-a-high-school-basketball-player-to-get-chicks kind of low.
They're so slimy I'd recommend wearing gloves to even view their website.
My story:  I'm a Toy girl through and through.
Ever since I bought my first used Tercel and jumped in rockin' my cool side ponytail (c'mon, everyone has a bad early 90s haircut somewhere in their history), I was hooked.
Good gas mileage, great resell value and they drive forever.
Flash forward to this spring when the clutch finally started to go on my beloved Tacoma.
I asked around for service recommendations and a co-worker mentioned Big Two as convenient, so I headed down to take a look.
Admittedly, my skept-o-meter was a little elevated.
You've heard those radio ads.
What kind of customer would want a massage in a car lot?
Wait, don't answer that.
But  I doubt that rearranging the feng shui of the parts department helps them find the right part cheaper.
From the moment I walked in, Big Two's service department tried every cheese-d___ maneuver in the book.
They kept my keys with a promise of "it'll just be a few more minutes" for more than an hour, tried to charge me $1200 for a $300 clutch job, then the service manager came out to explain how I "really needed" more than $200 in unauthorized repairs.
Seriously guys...
I may be a chick, but there's no effing way I'm paying $80 for an air filter.
The icing on the cake?
Listening to Michael Bolton's Greatest Hits not once, but TWICE, while waiting for the diagnostics to be completed.
Makes you wanna throw up in your mouf a little just reading that, doesn't it?
I quickly got the heck out of there and took my truck to another dealer.
Two hours and only $200 later, I was back safely on the road.
Bottom line:  NEVER take your vehicle to Big Two.
What a bunch of crooks.

I hate buying cars more than anything, but this was a painless experience.
I had two previous bad experiences while on my recent search (see Sands Chevrolet in Surprise and Avondale Honda) so I was already bitter when I contacted Austin Hart (Internet/Fleet).
I quickly changed my tune when he was very easy to deal with and didn't try any sleazy tactics.
I told him what I would pay and what I would like for my trade in, we were able to make a deal pretty quickly and I was in and out.
If you are looking for a good honest salesman at a nice customer service oriented dealership give Austin a call.

After having a miserable experience at Earnhardt Toyota (see separate review) I went here on the recommendation of my mechanic at AAA Mesa.
My front struts were leaking "profusely," according to AAA.
The AAA office offered to replace them and do the alignment for $800.
That was a little steep, and I went to Big Two Toyota to see if I could squeeze it in under the warranty.
Alas, I could not, my car was older than 36 months specified in the warranty.
But they did the replacement and alignment for $657 -- and gave me a lifetime warranty on the struts.
The service manager at Big Two found a coupon that he was able to apply to the bill, giving me a 15% discount.
The technicians were also able to mount back some moulding that fell off the side of the passenger car door -- and they did it for FREE.
This is something that Earnhardt Toyota simply refused to do unless I paid more than $100 for a full-on replacement moulding.
Do not go to Earnhardt Toyota for any kind of service, friends.
The waiting lounge was very nice, with free coffee, fruit and water, and all the wi-fi I could use.
The repairs were fast, the shuttle driver took me home with no waiting, and they rinsed off my car and the service manager walked me out to wait with me while they brought my car around.

WOW.
Talk about one impressive outfit.
I have NEVER had a smoother car buying experience.......NEVER!
What stuck out was that I did not have to go through the ENDLESS negotiations.
I told them what I wanted to do...and they made it happen.
After stalking the new 4Runners for several years and pricing them out with several dealerships, I thought I would take another look to see if I could make the numbers work.
I was looking for a VERY aggressive deal that would allow me to have a similar payment on the 2011 SR5 4Runner with the luxury package as I had on the 2007 Tacoma.
I was referred to Thomas Gonzalez, Fleet Director, by a friend.
I reached out to Thomas via phone and explained exactly what I wanted to do.
I negotiated with Thomas for less than 15 minutes via phone.
The deal was perfect that he put together.
I expected the deal to be "revised" or changed when he handed me off to Dennis Montoya, Fleet Manager.
Dennis could not have been a better guy.
Everything was so smooth, ethical, and professional that I cannot speak HIGHLY enough about the fleet team at Big Two.
Long story short (or long depending on your attention span)....my experience was excellent.
My total time to purchase from walking in the door to driving out in my COOL new 4Runner was just under an hour....awesome.
A quick note...I bought and serviced my last two Toyota's at Camelback....and I am not sure I will be back.
The team at Big Two absolutely knocked it out of the park.
Thanks guys for a painless auto buying experience!

I have to give a big shout out to Big Two.
I stopped last minute to put oil in my car @ a nearby QT (I know right?
) Of the 15 people that walked by, only a Big Two guy stopped to see if I needed help.
I didn't but that rarely happens anymore.
Thank you!

I bought my car here and they treated me with respect.
I drive a long way to get my car serviced here as well.
I took my car to another dealership for servicing and I'll never go back.
Big Two treats you right!

All of the service on our Toyota is done here.
Our service writer is Ken, and he is always on point.
No complaints at all from this dealership.

This was the first time I needed to wait at the service department while getting the oil changed.
First off, it was not easy to make the appointment.
I'll give them that I called on the Friday before the holiday weekend, but I kept getting rang back to the operator.
Same Saturday, and apparently there was only one person there who can schedule appointments.
So I waited until Tuesday, and got the same run around.
I ended up making the appointment online, which in the end proved to be the fastest way because I actually got a call back within a couple of hours.
Who knew?
The service department itself is a nice set up- like a mini town where you can pretty much have anything done to yourself while you wait short of plastic surgery.
We're really only going here because we have the free services another year.
But the mini town in the dealership could be just enough to keep me coming back even when I have to pay.

Remember dealing with car dealerships is a pain in the A_ _.
So this was my first experience dealing with a dealership here in AZ.
Talk about one professional outfit.
This is one that is professional through the whole process.
I am new to the area and was looking for a new vehicles, and  I have good car buying experience here.......!
After talking to them about the  2011 Tacoma and dealing with a few dealerships, these guy come to the front.
I was looking for good deal, and price that would allow me to feel comfortable dealing with a car dealership.
The dealerships where not dealing to much on the Tacoma, but this one make concessions on the vehicle as well as making a profit to stay in business to service you later.
So if you  travel to The Big Two dealership on 1250 S Gilbert Road remember to asked for Steve and Mo they'll treat you right.
Thanks guys for a painless auto buying experience!

I've taken my Mom's Toyota here several times and have had good service.
There's a kids play area, barber, & comfy seats while you wait.
The lobby has wi-fi along with complimentary coffee, bottled water, & fruit.

Ok, if I lived in the area, THIS is where I would get my car serviced all the time!
Hubby and I are visiting from California...woke up this morning, and the Ravioli (our RAV4) wouldn't start.
We had this problem a month before and were told (by our local Toyota service peeps) it was the battery...so they replaced the battery.
Fast forward to now, we're in Arizona, and Ravi doesn't start.
Kind of concerned since we DROVE here -- we want to get home safely.
We're staying in Phoenix area but the two other Toyota dealerships I called couldn't squeeze us in.
Big Two was the last one I called, and by far the friendliest from the moment they answered the phone.
I spoke with Ken; he said they were all booked up, but once I mentioned we were from California and making the trek back home on Monday, he said he would squeeze us in.
Once we got there, we received nothing but excellent, friendly service.
Waiting was not an issue since: 1) we expected to have to wait; and 2) the waiting area/cafe is beautiful!
Complimentary coffee, water, bagels, big screen tv, and jungle gym for the kids...really NICE setup!!!
The bathrooms were nice and clean :] AND Ken gave us a choice of a complimentary mani/pedi or a haircut...what??????
Seriously!!!
We only had to wait about an hour and a half -- if that.
They couldn't find a problem with our car (but neither could they find a problem a month ago)...which wasn't too reassuring, but in terms of customer service - hands down - it was fantastic!!!
...and I love my pedi!
One of the best I've had!!!

We just finished buying our 3rd car here 2 weeks ago.
Hands down the best dealership experience.
The service is what keeps us coming back every time.

Big 2 Toyota is one of the worst auto dealers in Arizona.
If you want a new car, save yourself time and money by going to Power Toyota in Tempe.
A year ago my boyfriend and I bought a brand new four runner from Big 2.
They seemed nice when we were there but our payments were outrageous.
A year later we decided we needed to trade our vehicle in because the payments were so high.
We went to Power and they asked for our contract.
We gave them all our paperwork Big 2 had given us and came to find out they never gave us a copy of the contract.
They also told us our payments were so high because almost $8,000 of stuff was added on to our contract that we didn't need.
They even added a life insurance policy for over 3,000...guess what...I was 21 at that time and my bf was 24.
We had no idea that we had agreed to all that stuff and felt so stupid that we let them take advantage of us.
Power Toyota pulled some major strings to help us because we had so much negative equity.
Now, Big 2 owes us a lot of money in cancellation refunds and when I called to find out the status of our refund they said they'd call me back and never did.
I even left a voicemail for the finance director, Brian, and never heard from him.
My boyfriend went through the same thing.
Today, after pulling some strings we finally got them to call us back and we find out they lost our paperwork.
Horrible business full of deceitful, uncaring, unprofessional people.
Toyota is a wonderful company and Big 2 completely hurts their image.
Once I get my refund I will never do business with them again and tell all my friends and family to avoid them and go to Power where they are not looked at as a number but as a person.

I am very impressed with this dealer.
They took their time with me and did not try to upsell.
Service is excellent and Toyota care free service is wonderful.
free oil changed while the wife gets her nails done.

To review or not to review, that is the question.
I worked here for 8 years so I am admittedly biased about certain people or departments.
My 4 stars is for the service dept.
I always go to (and highly recommend) Edie Emery.
She always listens to my concerns, tells me what else may need to be done *eventually* to my car w/ out just doing it and charging me for it, and she's always straight forward w/ me.
She's a good advisor.
If she's not available, ask for Chris Bates.
The amenities Big Two offers really are good.
From the shoeshine to the hairdresser, the nail salon to the massage parlor (the guy is kinda creepy in there though IMO), to the lounges (TV, quiet, and wifi) to the cafe which is FINALLY serving good food.
The sandwiches really are good and they each come w/ the most delicious brownie.
If you plan to wait around for service or sales, tell your advisor or salesperson!
Theyll likely give you a business card for a free service or food.
As for Sales and Finance....IMO the best people to go to are the GSM-Brett, Sales Mgr- April, Sales Person- Anyone on April's team, no one in Fleet, Finance- Jeff or Wendy.
The most helpful people at the parts counter tend to be Amanda or Kelly (guy), and the nicest cashier will be Mary.
Take this review for what its worth, like I said I have my biases, but the people listed are the most helpful/ nice to guests that I saw from an employees point of view.
Toyota is a great brand, and Big Two really does represent it well.

I have used Big Two Toyota Scion of Chandler for service on my Toyota Tacoma, and I would have to say that their service is top notch.
When I dropped off my Truck I was immediately greeted and my service represenative James came out within 3 minutes to walk around the vehicle and confirm the appointment I had.
I was not hassled for any additional service, just the service I requested and when they did notice something needed replacing they called me immediately and worked with me on the price for the part.
I think James is a straight shooter and he only wants to make his customers happy and ensure that we are getting the best service possible.
I use Big Two Toyota Scion of Chandler for their location to my house and for the ease of dropping off and getting on my way.
I have never been hassled by the salesman, even when I look at the new vehicles in the showroom when waiting to pick up my car.
I really like the ammenities inside the showroom that you can utilize if you decide to wait for your vehicle.
The Free Coffee, Water and Wi-Fi are Great if you just want to hang out and wait.
I have not tried the Barber Shop or Massage that they offer, so I may have to give that shot the next time I am there.
I will definitely give Big Two Toyota Scion of Chandler a strong look when I am in the market for a new car or truck.

Best dealership in town!
Excellent service.
Quick and easy.
I always make my appointments and this dealership is always on time.
I love the waiting area..good magazines and free fruit and water which I love!

After going to Power Nissan who told me they couldn't help me.
My friend suggested we go to Big Two as he owns a Scion and wanted to try to see if they could help.
I got out of my car and was approached by Kelly Grant.
She is super friendly and bubbly.
Very comfortable to be around.
Power Nissan wouldn't even start my paperwork to see what I could possibly get.
They just ASSUMED I couldn't be helped.
So when Kelly had me to a pre-screen, she went to the lady who runs my info.....within 5 min she came back and said I COULD be helped and wanted to show me a car.
I went to look at a Scion XA, which is a small 4 door hatchback that is GREAT on gas.
I drove the car on freeway and city streets and loved it!
I am very happy with what they showed me.
Leaving Power Nissan I felt worthless.
Then walking into Big Two I felt respected and treated wonderfully.
Other sales people came up and said "Congrats on your new car".
Like seriously the process was EASY!
I work very hard and shame on Power Nissan for treating me like I'm a loser.
Power is way too big.
They sell cars and don't care about YOU!
Big Two is opposite, they went above and beyond.
Kelly Grant is the girl to call!
Let me say this "WOMEN KNOW HOW TO GET THINGS DONE".
The men there were all awesome as well.
They gave my friend and I free lunch.
Always offered waters too.
I got two stainless steel coffee thermals with lids, keychains, pens, hats, etc in a goodie bag.
FUN EXPERIENCE!
They are ALL about your comfort!
April I think her name is was Kelly's boss who ran paperwork.
Jeff is the one who I sat with towards end to fill out the official paperwork.
I was very pleased with everyone I came into contact with.
This place has a Salon where you can get hair done, nails, and massage while you wait to get your car serviced.
REALLY AWESOME PLACE!

I love going here to get my cars maintained.
I have a Prius and a Camry and I bring both here.
They are awesome, the waiting area is top-notch with complimentary wi-fi, apples, water and lots of snacks for purchase.

Without going into to much detail, this place was pretty awesome.
Bought a new tundra in less then 4 hours.
Staff is great.
They could do a better job at presenting the pricing break down during negotiations.
They tried to work my trade in and new car purchase into one thing and if you're not careful you could easly pay ALOT more then you want.
Overall a great job buy their sales team.
And another thing POWER TOYOTA SUCKS!

Had an appt to have routine oil change done.
Sticker in the window said the mileage to return for an oil change, the vehicle maintenance light was on, Oil has been changed every 5ooo miles by Big Two since I leased this new 4Runner from Big Two.
However this time, my wife was told "nope, doesn't need an oil change"  Instead it is now every 10,000 miles.
My wife said "OK but can you turn off the vehicle maintenance light?
"  Service rep said no, then it won't come on when it needs an oil change next time.
What is this craziness?
I looked at the last receipt for an oil change and it even says 5000 miles for the next change.
I now go to a non dealer certified toyota mechanic.
This mechanic has now discovered that my shocks are leaking oil, showed me the leaking oil, and its 1 month out of warrantly now.
Fantastic.
My new mechanic who I have known for 5 years and takes care of my other cars, told me this should have been caught at least 1 year ago by Big Two.
$1300 for 4  shocks available only from Toyota.
I am so pissed off at Big Two.
Will tell everyone I know how I got screwed.

My family and I came here by recommendation from a friend and proximity to our house.
I've always been weary of dealerships because of how time consuming the process is.
Our plan of attack was to test drive and figure out price and options first.
We have a toddler, who isn't quite old enough to really enjoy the treehouse on his own, so we knew we didn't have the time to haggle.
We arrived and Omar greeted us.
He let us take a look at a car and asked some questions.
When we mentioned we were waiting to buy and wanted to just get a feel for the car and the pricing-he sort of deflated.
Couple minutes later he ditched us for some other customers.
We were later approached by another sales person, Jessica, who seemed friendly and helpful.
She took us out back to see the other models we were interested in and took time to be friendly with our toddler.
Even when we mentioned we were just researching, she still was focused and helpful.
She actually informed us that we could figure out pricing for when we were ready to buy.
We sat down with her and sales manager Paul to crunch numbers.
So far things are fine and looking good.
More talking and numbers and details-we get a number and decide to go from there.
Unfortunately things go awry when we try and negotiate for what we want as another dealership we had contacted prior gives us a better number.
Some more back and forth and after numerous texts, calls, and emails with Jessica-we come to a agreement.
The next day we head in with the plan to buy a car.
Apparently not though, we get there and suddenly the deals off, miscommunication with Paul and suddenly we're back at square 1.
Really though?
We made sure we clearly explained the terms of the deal via phone, text, and email BEFORE we came down.
Nope, we came down for nothing and they are not willing to work with us on what was agreed so we leave...very annoyed.
Honestly, what is the point of negotiating if it is not going to be honored?
On top of that- we went for nothing and our poor kid is just hating life sitting around.
My husband is livid and intent on going to another dealership but first plans to call and complain to anyone above Paul.
What timing, as my husband is looking for a number online-Justin calls.
He explains that Paul is his assistant and that he is sorry he didn't get to talk to us before we left.
My husband proceeds to explain what happened and fortunately Justin was very apologetic and willing to help us.
And honestly, why wouldn't anyone?
We're just trying to give you money for a car and choosing you over someone else should be a motivating factor for decent customer service!
Justin EMAILS a price to us with he breakdown, it's a tad more than we thought but definitely doable.
We agree to come down...AGAIN... And resolve things...In a supposedly timely fashion.
We schedule a time and Jessica promises to take care of most of the paperwork so we can be in and out in an hour tops.
Well, 3.5 hours later...we have our new car.
At that point I just want to eat and sleep!
Overall, the experience was worse than I thought and definitely way too time consuming for this day in age where you can do most things online!
Would I come back to Big Two-I'm on the fence with that.
At least Jeff who did our finances was great and friendly.

I waddled in here at 7mths pregnant with my husband to look at cars, back in Feb 2011.
We were immediately greeted and asked which car we were looking for.
The salesperson was young, inexperienced and knew nothing about the car we were looking for.
Every time we pointed something out in the car, he sounded amazed by all the features it had.
Our intent was never to purchase, just to look.
After MANY hours there, with number crunching and negotiating the price, my husband was ready to leave and this mama to be needed to eat!
The general manager then sat with us, asked us specifically what was the most we could pay and came back with that price, in addition he gave us a higher trade in value for my vehicle and I got to take my new car home that night.
The showroom and amenities are great (they even have a play area for kids), they offer complimentary water, fruit and coffee, free wi-fi, they have a nail salon and guys can go to a barber while waiting for your vehicle to be serviced!
Service is good, a little slow though.
For example the oil changes are claimed to be 1hr of service...when you go with toddler who cannot stay still, an hour seems like an eternity.
Usually it's more than an hour.
The service people that are assigned to you, are awesome, they will listen to every detail (especially coming from a gal who really doesn't know much of cars) and will look into it.
def recommend this dealership!

We had a great experience at Big Two Toyota!
Just purchased the new Rav4 yesterday and the entire process was easy and not stressful.
Our sales guy was Rick Bombara, who was very pleasant and nice to work with.
The negotiation process was better than we expected and Rick was able to get us the price that fit our budget.
I am always nervous about negotiating because it can be unpleasant and tense, but not in this case... they were really willing to work with us and our requests.
They didn't have the exact car I wanted so they found it at another dealership and went and picked it up for me, cleaned it and gave me a full walk thru of all the gadgets in the car.
Overall, we were very pleased with Big Two and all the staff that helped us.
They even gave us lunch because we were there for about 4 hours!
I would definitely recommend this dealership if you are looking to buy a Toyota.
They were also very fair on the price of my trade in.
No complaints here and hopefully my future visits to the service department are equally pleasant.

After doing some research and narrowing down cars I went to Big Two to check out their cars.
I was helped right away (and this was in the extreme heat of July).
We found the one car I was looking at right away.
I went in a few times looking at different cars.
The sales person helping me was wonderful as was the Manager.
Even though I did not end up purchasing a car I would recommend Big Two for their selection and the fact they will work with you to get what you need/want.

I bought a Camry at Van Chevrolet in Scottsdale and got the extended warranty with it.
That reminds me, I need to go write about how terrible Van Chevrolet was.
My Camry needed work that I knew would be covered by the warranty.
The extended warranties you get on used cars are usually through a 3rd party and can be taken anywhere for work.
I went to Gene's Auto Worx in Tempe because of their 5 star reviews on Yelp.
The poor guy, Gene -the actual owner, was on the phone with this company for an hour and 45 minutes because they wanted him to direct me to the dealership.
A shop like Gene's can make these repairs, but these 3rd party companies want to scratch the back of the dealership that scratched their back first.
I knew I was not going back to Van.
I live in Mesa by Riverview Toyota, and they are absolutely horrible.
I have had bad experiences and there are many bad reviews on Yelp.
I went to Yelp to find a better dealership by me.
I found that Big Two was the next closest dealership.
Big Two Toyota was a good drive for us since it is on the south part of the 202 and we live right by the north end of the 202.
I decided to go here for one specific reason.
The management goes on to Yelp and comments on people's reviews offering to help and posting their contact information.
This spoke volumes about how they value their customers.
I work for one of the largest institutions in the nation training individuals to excel in customer satisfaction.
I wouldn't say I am hard to please, but I am very quick to get annoyed when I feel a company does not have my best interest at heart.
With every workplace there will be bad seeds, or just someone having a bad/off day.
But those experiences can influence our future decisions, and with the gift of the Internet can influence many others.
My experience was great.
I spoke with Kevin, who seemed very thorough.
I scheduled an appointment and had the car back the next day.
I am only going to give 4 stars because I still had to pay a deductible.
Not trying to be cheap, but the 3rd party warranty company on the phone said the dealerships absorb that deductible most times.
I can understand that Big Two did not make any money off of me when I bought the car or the warranty.
Being that it was my first time to Big Two and could potentially make it my main spot, it would have been the icing on the cake for a great experience.
I will say despite that, which I am not even mad about, Big Two has earned my future business.
Even if it is a bit of a drive.

The quick response from management about my review earns the 5th star.

Buying a car is a love / hate proposition for my wife and I.
We're excited to be getting a new vehicle, but we shudder at the thought of sitting down and crunching numbers.
Our salesperson, Joseph, was on point with everything and made it as easy as it possibly could be.
A week before I had left a Dodge dealer where I had hoped to look at Rams.
I had every intention on buying one.
This particular dealer in Tempe brushed me off when I said I wouldn't be able to purchase that day without my wife.
In fact, the salesperson at that dealer gave me the following statement, word for word: "Are you going to be buying today?
'Cuz if not, we're pretty swamped.
"  Well, my $36K wasn't good enough, because they wouldn't get it until 7 days later?
I headed out to Big Two Toyota where I was met by Joseph K.  This is the most personable salesperson I've ever had.
I've taken sales courses.
This guy doesn't operate out of any of those books.
I think he really cares about getting you in the vehicle that you want.
KNOWING I wouldn't be buying until the next week, he took 2 hours with me, showing me the ins and outs of the Tundra.
Once I got to know the Tundra, the Ram was a distant memory.
We went back the following week and sat down with Joseph, crunched the numbers in a timely manner and drove off happy in our truck.
Awesome.
The dealership itself is like no dealership I've ever seen.
It really HAS to be seen.
I used service at 5K miles and it was very smooth.
I sat in the cafe (YES, a cafe...not a waiting room) and used the free wifi to watch a TV show, and then the truck was done.
It even went through the car wash.
I can't recommend Big Two Toyota enough.

My husband and I bought a used car here!
We got an AMAZING deal and everyone was really friendly :) a few weeks later I had some issues with something electric.
I called and they were able to get me in right away and in a rental car!
It was under warranty so I was charged nothing!
I went to pick up my car after I quickly got fixed and it was not washed, also they popped something out of place when putting my dash back on after fixing it.
I emailed the service manager who helped me and he called me right back with an appointment to fix this at no charge!
On top of that, he had them restore my headlights.
I paid nothing!
Thank you Sean Booth!!!
We will be back :)))

We had service done on both of our vehicles today and we were very impressed.
We have been taking our vehicles to Toyota in the Tempe Autoplex and have been terribly frustrated.
Big Two was able to take our vehicles on a Saturday, both for their 15k services, as well as for a recall fix, within an hour and a half of when we called.
The service was done so quickly and both cars were finished within 3 hours (the first one in under an hour).
The service staff was very friendly as well.
We will definitely return here for our next routine service.

They were nice and all, but  try to up-sell you as usual.
We were referred by someone who had just bought a car from Big Two and specifically from Ray Pequeno.
We went and he recommended a Toyota Solera.
We drove it around and talked financing.
My mom wanted me to buy it, but I wanted to hold off a little and do some more research.
Turns out that same car (same VIN) was listed online on craigslist or autotrader (I can't remember) for thousands less.
He never told us that.
I didn't think that was very tight.
Very loose actually, almost too loose.

I asked Shane about how long my oil change would take and he said usually it's about an hour or an hour and twenty minutes, then I mentioned I'm just a little short on time because I'm getting called into work today.
He actually got my car back in 45 minutes!
I am so impressed!
And while I waited I also had lunch inside their waiting area, the lady serving was so sweet.
Afterwards I went over to the massage place and got a complimentary hand massage!
Nice!
Definitely had a good experience at Big Two and would recommend to anyone.

Ok, so here is my story about Big Two Toyota.
I just moved down from Utah a few months ago and needed to take my 2010 Camry in for it's 40K mile check up, which is basically an oil change, top off the fluids,  and tire rotation.
I did my research on Yelp, as usual, and found that this dealership had received better reviews than another one that was even closer to me, so I took a chance and went to Big Two Toyota.
But then how can you screw up an oil change, right?
I expect good quality work from a dealership and they seem to have delivered.
However, the rest of my experience was very lacking.
I had made an appointment, and arrived on time, but it still took them 2 3/4 hours to complete the work, after having told me it would take about an hour, and at the longest an hour and a half.
Who takes almost 3 hours to change oil and rotate tires?!
If they schedule you for an appointment, you kind of expect that they will have the time to do the work.
And not once did anybody come and explain why it was taking so long.
When I finally went to the service counter to find out what the heck was going on, I got no apology or even empathy from the girl at the counter.
She was not rude, per say, she just simply didn't seem to care.
Miraculously, and somewhat suspiciously, they just happened to be finishing up the paperwork at the exact moment that I checked on the status of my car.
I think I had been forgotten about, to be honest, and they didn't have the courage to tell me the truth.
But whatever the reason for the delay, I never received an apology from anybody.
I felt that the entire time that they simply didn't care about me as a human being.
From the service person who wrote up my order, to the girls at the check out desk, they simply didn't give a s#*t.  I can tolerate a great deal of mistakes in life, as that is just part of the human condition, but something I refuse to accept as a consumer is indifference from people to whom I have paid to provide a service.
In fairness, they did have a wonderfully nice lady who worked at the counter where they give you a bottle of water and sell you cookies, and my car didn't leak out all of the oil and burn up the engine on my way home, so for that I give them two stars.
But for the 2 hour and 45 minute wait, just to get an oil change and tire rotation (after having been told 1 to 1 1/2 hours) and the generally poor and smug attitude of the staff, I take away 3 stars.
I think I will try someplace else next time, and I recommend you do the same.

I recently moved to AZ from MN and I was really nervous about changing Toyota dealerships because mine back home was the BEST and I always counted on them, but when I came in to The Big Two Toyota Scion of Chandler, I explained my situation and worries and was given just as wonderful of service as I had in MN!
Yay!

We wanted to trade in our car for a truck we had gone all over Phoenix and ended up at big two .
Are situation was a little unusually and difficult but Big mike was amazing and worked with us.I would recommended this place to anyone and if your going to ask for big mike.
He truly  took the time to work with us to make sure we were comfortable in the right truck for the right price .
We will definitely be going back there for our next car purchase .

I am a loyal Toyota customer - driving Prius #2!
I have always had my vehicles services at a dealership.
Big Two is by far the best dealership service that I have every had.
They have flexible appointment options and great customer service.
Even my kiddo likes to go to the dealership - for the indoor playground of course.
They also offer great perks while you are waiting - cafe, internet, salon services, etc.
Make it much easier to hang out while you are waiting for your car.
I wouldn't go anywhere else.

I use this and ONLY this location for car service on my 2012 Camry and love the staff almost as much as I love my car!
They are always helpful and professional and I know I can trust I will receive quality service every time.
I have been coming to Big Two even before I was a Toyota owner because of the excellent customer service they provide.
The atmosphere at this location is inviting for those waiting for their vehicle including a lounge area, cafe, free wi fi, televisions, and a play area for children.
I haven't used the salon or massage amenities yet but think they are great ways to keep customers happy!
I will continue to use and recommend this location for all vehicle needs.

I had the worst experience with Big Two.
Few weeks ago, I had gotten a flat tire due to the road hazard.
My car is about 10 months old.
When I called Toyota to find out if I had tire warranty cause I didn't remember.
They transferred me to the service specialists because the front desk at services didnt know or has authority to see.
So i waited on the phone on the side of the street for about 5 mins.
When someone finally came on, they told me they have no idea so someone will call me later.
I asked them  1.
Should go there to find out?
No, we are booked...cant get you in.
How long should I wait?
We don't know.
So how would I know if Im covered to get a new tire?
Im not sure, you can wait for their call....  Are you serious?
Am I supposed to wait on the side of the street for them to call me?
They cant tell whether my "Platinum" Toyota care has tire warranty?
Why did I pay over $1200 to buy this non-existing service?
its been 10 days and I still did not receive a call.
I am seriously thinking about selling my car because of the service I received.

Big Two Toyota Scion of Chandler helped me purchase my new Toyota Sienna several years ago, but they also have continued to provide excellent service to my van.
I do not take my van anywhere else for service or maintenance.
Thank you.

We just purchased the second new car in less than a years time.
We have used the dealership for our service work and it has always been great.
That led us to use them for new car purchases with the first being to help our niece get her first new car.
It went so well then that we went back to get another one for my wife and again they hit it out of the ball park.
There was no pressure and everyone was very friendly and helpful.
the price was very fair and we will use them again when we need a new car.

I recently bought a car at Big Two, and I've been waiting until I had time to write a decent review because the service I experienced at Big Two was phenomenal.
I actually went to a few dealerships looking for an affordable car and lower car payments.
I'm a yelper, I noticed a lot of things about a place and customer service can make or break a place for me.
So when I previously visited Car Max, and Power Toyota I was immediately repelled due to the lackluster customer service.
It wasn't that way at Big Two.
Kindra, (the manager), Tyler (a sales associate), and Brandon (finance guy) were better than I could imagine.
They were just so genuine.
Kindra bought my mom and I lunch while we waited for all the papers to be put in order.
Brandon, the finance manager, didn't offer any weird add ons and extra services I didn't need.
And Tyler, was great.
Tyler was just the sauce boss.
I seriously cannot say enough about how amazing I think Tyler was.
I casually mention worrying about insurance payments if I were to get a sports car and he calls the insurance place.
I mention wanting a car big enough for my dog with a sun roof and push to start and pretty soon I have an entire list of cars that fit my qualifications.
And his amazingness didn't stop after the sale was final.
He texted me the next day making sure everything was fine.
I had some type of issue with the radio and he personally gave me all kinds of suggestions and made sure I brought it in and got it fixed right away.
When I went to Big Two Toyota, I felt like I was precious.

Ask for Donald Walker in the Internet Sales department.
He is great!
Sadly the girl I bought from is no longer with Big Two.
So for sure go with Donald Walker.
He will take good care of you!

I had a wonderful experience and excellent customer service.
Over the last couple of days, I have been texting Big Mike about what color, kind of car, and payment I wanted.
He found my next red Camry, completed most of the paperwork prior to my arrival, gave us free lunch and made everything really painless.
Most people dread the car buying experience but there is no reason to at Big Two with Big Mike!

Go somewhere else if you want a good deal.
I did Cash for Clunkers($4,500 allowance) and put down $5000 cash.
Now it seems 5 years later I get to pay $33,000 for a Rav-4 that had a sticker price of $23,000.
Buyer Beware!!
Somehow I purchased a vehicle, putting down $9,500 and got a "leased car" deal.
Fast Talkers...Sleazy Deal!

In response to you legalese.
You can sugar-coat this all you want but I was  Swindled, Cheated And Shammed in this deal.
You think I should come to your dealership, so you  can work another "Sweet Deal" on me  and where I can be financially  Raped by you and the boys AGAIN...
I don't think so!
Burned Once, Shame on You, Burned Twice, Shame on Me!
Since I have to pay $10,000 more (40% over the sticker price)  to keep my car (after already having paid $22,951)  OR walk away with nothing...
I will be glad to tell your Prospective Buyers to STAY AWAY!

Did you know businesses can BUY "good reviews".
Funny how there is such an extreme of Good vs. Bad reviews.
I don't believe anything good can come out of this dealership except a good con.
Buyer Beware!

if you think this is the place to buy a car.
BEWARE!
They tricked me into signing a lease.

