If there was a zero symbol, it would be with Angels Cremation and Burial.
I have a patient that had her partner passed away.
They were a gay couple, married for 8 years in the state of California, had all their paperwork- will and making her partner executor of her estate,, for she had NO living family.
They came to Arizona to receive medical treatment and had all the paperwork on hand in case her partner should pass.
The partner called Angels Cremation and Burial (recommended by Hospice) and made plans to pick up the body .
After the body was in the possession of Angels Cremation and Burial she was told that her legal paper work would not be honored because she was not a family member and that Arizona does not recognize their rights, despite having the appropriate legal paperwork.
Angels Cremation and Burial told her this AFTER they took her body, and took her body knowing they were a gay couple.
She was told by the director of Angel's Cremation and Burials that she would have to wait 15 days (the max aloud by law before the body becomes a health hazard and MUST dispose of) AND PAY the storage fee to see if any family member would claim her body!
THERE WAS NO LIVING FAMILY- THUS THE LEGAL PAPERWORK...Apparently, directors of funeral homes are able to use their "discretion" in determining things like this- such as if they are going to honor legal paperwork, hold a body and how and when a body should be disposed of.
In this case, the "discretion" of the director of Angels Cremation and Burial was to hold the body and to charge her partner daily for 15 days until by law they'd have to dispose of it.
Angels Cremation and Burial told the surviving partner that they contacted the State of Arizona Board of Funeral Directors and were that the state agreed with them and that they should hold the body despite having the paperwork.
When the surviving partner called the AZ State Board of Funeral Directors, he was outraged because he never spoke to the director of Angels Cremation and Burial.
Angels Cremation and Burial flat out lied to this woman!
Thankfully, after contacting another mortuary, they came and picked up the body immediately from Angels Cremation and Burial and dealt with the situation appropriately.
Angels Cremation and Burial has NO compassion, NO respect and feel that they can do what they please because the family members are in grief.
I hope with this review, that nobody else will have to go through such stress.
This is not a gay or straight issue.
It is a dignity and respect issue.
It is disgusting that Angels Cremation and Burial would use a couple's sexuality against them in order to make a buck.
The women also contacted Hospice and they will not be referring them again.
Don't let the name of their business fool you.
Angels Cremation and Burial stands for the lowest of the low.

Our daughter was stillborn and we were given a list of local places and Angels was on the list.
My husband said setting up the appointment was relatively easy, but when we went in for our appointment we were directed into a room and waited.
Once the director came in, she asked which urn we had selected when we were never told that was the reason that they placed us in that room.
Though a relatively easy process, I felt rushed to select an urn as the woman waited in the room rather than giving us time to look over everything.
Almost a week later, still obviously distraught, we went in to pick up our daughter's ashes and the woman was on her cell phone, told the person to hold, and continued her call while going to get my daughter's ashes.
I could hear her remaining on her phone the entire time with a person I was assuming was her daughter, for a seemingly meaningless call, while I was bawling and my husband was in a somber mood.
She brought out the urn while still on the phone and told her person to hold because she had to give me my "cremains" and then proceeded with her call, never moving the phone from her ear.
I find that COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL and incredibly rude!
I cannot believe that they would treat one's remains as though they were handing someone a stick of gum.
Where is the compassion with this company?
The only reason they get two stars is that the financial aspect was fairly straightforward.
They have left a sour taste in my mouth.

My older Brother recently passed away two and a half weeks ago and we were given Angels Cremation & Burials as a recommendation.
Because my Brother had no life insurance and his death was very sudden and unexpected, price was a considerable factor in making a decision on which funeral home we would ultimately choose.
A friend of the family went out of his way to research half a dozen funeral homes and based on the information he received we scheduled an appointment with Angels.
The funeral director was running just a few minutes late, but when she sat with us to discuss the arrangements she was very straightforward and explained every step of the process and answered all of our questions.
When concerns of costs came up and deciding on an urn she went so far as to say that she's recommended to her customers going to a store and looking at any type of container from cookie jars to ceramic pots, etc.
The only time I felt a little rushed was near the end when my Father was filling out the death certificate paperwork.
She had stepped out to give us time to do this and we were almost done, but when she came back she stood over him verifying what information was in and then started directing him on the rest of the unfilled questions.
As an aside, we had an out of state relative who was insistent on wanting to see my Brother's body before the cremation.
Since we were not having a viewing or services at their facility we asked what their policy was regarding situations such as this.
The funeral director said they give family 15 minutes to have a final visit, but warned that depending on their condition they reserved the right to allow access.
She said that she would never subject anyone to an unpleasant and potentially traumatic experience.
The last thing she would want is to have that image remain as the final image of their loved one and I could not have agreed more with her.
Throughout the whole process she never made my Father, our friend, my partner, or myself feel uncomfortable.
I had fears and high anxiety over what was going to happen at the appointment, but all those feelings were completely unwarranted.
I would highly recommend Angels to anyone that is in need of funeral services.

I accompanied my stepmother to this business after my father died.
While making the arrangements we discovered my fathers body would have to be transported (for an extra fee) to Flagstaff for cremation if we wanted to get his remains back in fewer than three weeks.
While this was annoying, as we could not plan funeral services, it was no more annoying than the condescending attitude the staff displayed to my stepmom.
The woman assisting us had the worst fake compassion I have ever seen.
She clearly had somewhere else to be.
This continued through the entire period of dealing with this place - phone calls did not get returned, little communication on their part.
Generally, an unpleasant experience that didn't have to be if the staff were genuinely caring and professional.

HEY people, if you want to go first class, DO not expect to pay a discounted economy fare!!!
I have sent 6 of my deceased residents from my care home over the years to Sandy, as well as my own mother in law when she passed away.
Angeles is a HIGH volume, LOW cost little mortuary that is always packed to the brim with the departed remains of families on a severe budget .
They use "that" cremation outfit that was in the news recently because families demand the ultra cheap and quick resolution to the passing of a relative .
You can get a full service embalming-dressing-cosmetic - and viewing in a nice oak rental casket , then eventually a cremation in a few days or weeks for well under $2000.
That included the transportation, storage, and a death certificate.
No hearse, No limo, no ushers in tuxedos!
no palatial chapel , no gold Hollywood casket,  I f you require plenty of elbow room and lavish luxury have 10.000 ready to fork over to any SCI provider, you can also have limos and motorcycle escorts and make it look like A Mafia send off !!!
But the dearly departed will never know the difference.
Angels has many Hispanic families that use the firm, these folks show up in incredible numbers so in all due respect, get a visitation time on a day that your family will be alone and not come in behind or ahead of a Mexican funeral.
I have seen Mexican funerals disregard the time allotted and then you are screwed.
It sounds RACIEST but I know they grieve al long as they feel like it.
Sandy is stressed to the max because as I see it, she is trying to help people get a low budget send off, and is simply swamped by the numbers of people in need.
Don't expect a presidents funeral on a janitors pension and you will be fine.
A small, clean, intimate little hour long or so viewing and service, then wait until the ashes are ready to pick up.
they have very low cost full service cemetery funerals using a cadillac hearse if you need that, and a room full of urns and funeral goods you can buy.
No credit but I think they take credit cards, out of gratitude we pay in cash.
You get what you pay for, so true here.

We used Angel's for both my mother-in-law and father-in-law and found the staff to be nothing short of compassionate.
I recently took my mother-in-law's ashes back to them so that they could be divided (with an urn I purchased elsewhere).
They divided the ashes immediately, for $10, which I am not even sure I actually paid.
On my way out, I mentioned we would be going on an airplane and they insisted on re-doing their work (separating the ashes from the urn, making it easier to  get through security) and provided me a lot of useful information.
They could have easily just allowed me to leave, but they were cared about making the traveling experience as easy and hassle free as possible.
The environment is peaceful and the staff was calming.
It is not a fancy place, but it is small and quaint and it was nice to not a financial burden on top of losing both of my huband's parent within the same year.
We received hand-signed cards for the past two years since their deaths.

My father passed away earlier this week.
I called Angel's.
Sandy, the owner, showed up at the hospice facility very soon.
She personally took care of my dad, and transported him to her facility.
She was very professional, and extremely knowledgeable about the process.
Her services are very reasonable.
I cannot recommend her and Angel's enough.
When your family is in need, call Sandy.
Her elegant efficiency will astound you, and her compassion for those she is serving is very evident!

