As far as tanning places go, Sunchain is a pretty up there as far as convenience and value are concerned.
I have had the Sunlink membership for a few years and I like the perks and enjoy the salon.
For $24 a month I get unlimited tanning in the regular beds, use of the refresh baskets (lotions, spritzers, etc), CD players and they even have little playboy bunny stickers.
They have really convenient hours and are open 7 days a week.
There are also several locations throughout the valley, and your membership will work at any location.
The only reason I do not give 5 stars is because the girls who work at this location are slow and are generally chatting on their cell phones when you walk in.

As a previous manager for a few tanning salon I am extrememly disappointed in this business.
Bad service seems to be consistant and the beds are not great either.
The vip bed is nearly impossible to start and takes 5 min to warm up if not started right.
I am unfortunately stuck in a year contract but as soon as its up I am cancelling my membership.
I recommend to try somewhere else.
Its worth it!!

I love coming to this location for there mystic tans, they are by far the best booth that will tan you!
Every time i go and get a mystic i do a level 3 and i never come out orange or discolored.
Its always a nice even spray tan which i LOVE!
also i always see the same girl working but she is so nice and friendly, i never feel like i am being up sold anything.
She always remembers my name and is all around nice :) Also the tanning is pretty cheap and mystics are only $25, but they always have deals everyone month like 2 sprays for 30 or whatever.

The staff here is always friendly and remember you by name.
They seem very knowledgeable of what they are selling and about tanning as well.
Always neat and clean.
The price is very reasonable and they seem to have deals often.
I have used their mystic spray left me looking tan not orange.
Also love the VIP bed which I use often.
I would recommend coming here for the price, staff and their services!

I started tanning at Sunchain because it was close to where I live, it has wonderful employees who are very friendly, and I wasn't looking to spend much on tanning.
I spent a very small amount of time with them (we're talking two weeks) .
The first time I tanned, I got a sunburn--and an uneven one at that!
I was told by the girl that works there it was because I used a tingle lotion my first time.
I took her word for it, but began to notice over time there were odd tan lines where clothing wasn't even covering...
I first felt the tides beginning to change when I decided to get lotion elsewhere cheaper.
I felt like every time I went into the place, there was a bunch of "upsell" attempts thrown at me.
But what really got me is that the more I went, the more busy they seemed to be.
I can understand being busy and I totally get that this is the season for tanning, but most times I had to wait were because of their slow computers.
Being a first-time tanner, I did some research about the beds they were using.
I found out that there were way better beds--ones that have face tanners and built-in radios!
Ones that were built after the 1990's!
I asked about these and was told that they have them in other locations and "hope" to get them at this one soon.
My last day at this location, I tanned in their "creme de la creme"  Intensity bed (after waiting 20 minutes to use it).
I was underwhelmed and canceled my account the next day.
I was then told that I had to pay $30 for a cancellation fee.
Sooo...$60 start up fee + $24 monthly fee + $28 in lotion samples + $10 upgrade to speed bed + $30 break up fee = $152 mistake.
Oh well.
Could have been worse!

Do I have a story for you all!
I live in Seattle, where the sun does NOT shine, hence I go to tanning salons.
I just quit using Seattle Sun Tan because the whole experience there was SO awful!
Snotty teens working there who consider it a chore to sign you in.
NO hellos or goodbyes.
Actually it is amazing that you even get to your tan session at all.
I am visiting, eventually moving to Arizona, one reason is because it is so pleasant and laid back here.
So on this trip I have so much to do I am unable to spend much time at the various pools I have access to.
I CANNOT go back to Seattle without a tan, you have to understand that!
This morning I went to Sunchain and I have never met such pleasant gals!
Sooooo sweet!
They happily sold me a week of tanning, knowing I may never be a regular customer, they worried about any hidden spots that may burn, they showed me all their little before and after products which are complimentary.
And they VISIT with people which is what true customer care is.
Thank you ladies!
See you tomorrow!

This place is an absolute disaster !
Have been trying to cancel for a month plus and nothing / most of staff is nasty and rude w the exception of one very nice blonde.
beds are beat/ broken button on one that needs to be pressed certain way to start bed/ weak lamps / less time/ not one redeeming quality other than next to a gym / this isn't about price / I want to spend more for something better and better experience /

