Great place for woodworking supplies and advice.
Friendly and helpful.

Why are most of the great places so far from home.
If customer service was food, these guys would be Limburger cheese.
Three times I have been here and three times I received neither a hello nor a "may I help you?
" Last time there I spent about 20 minutes there looking at various things and couldn't believe they were too "busy" to acknowledge me.
There is always a stocky bearded man behind the counter.
I think he has a Grizzly Adams complex.
I asked him three questions in a row and his answers were no more than two words each.
No, I don't know, and no.When I asked if they had 6000 grit sandpaper, he looked at me like I was from outer space.
I did purchase two pieces of sandpaper there once.
I thought I had cash but did not so I had to pay about $4.00 on my debit card.
The guy looked at me like i just ruined his day.
I was not expecting nor did I receive a Thank you or "have a nice day".
It was almost a snobby atmosphere, like I was in an exclusive club I didn't belong.
Since they had no answers to any questions, I asked for a suggestion, he said to try another store.
That advice I gladly took and have found a couple great places to go.
Bye bye, Grizzly!

Not bad,  Not great.
I'm what one might call an advanced amateur so my woodworking needs fall between super basic and slightly esoteric.
Not the best in customer service.
Goodish selection when you need something and can't deal with ordering it online and waiting for delivery.

I ust bought some wood from them online- what a nightmare!
About 60% of it had knots, almost 35% of it was waste, which makes it #2 Common not Select as advertised.
I contacted "customer service" fat lot of good that's done.
If you have any other way to get your wood - use it.

Woodworkers Source is an outstanding source of very fine cabinet woods at a fair price in Phoenix.
They are constantly running specials which are very good deals by any measure.
Unlike some earlier commenters, i have found the staff to be both friendly and knowledgeable and willing to assist.
I live about 100 miles from the Black Canyon store and have called them on several occasions and asked that they select and put wood aside for me for pick up on my next trip.
I have never been disappointed.
Although I have used other sources in the past, I now purchase my cabinet wood exclusively from Woodworkers Source.
The combination of a vast selection from which to chose and very excellent customer service can't be beat!
Don't understand some of the negative comments about customer service posted in this Yelp, my experience has been the opposite.
John is the manager up there and he does his level best to meet the needs of his customers.
So if there is an issue, talk to John.

No clue as to what good customer service means.
Small limited selection and HIGH PRICES.
You can do much better through mail order.

