im always afraid that my air conditioning unit is going to break down and not only will i be stuck in my house sweating buckets, but my wallet would be super sad.
on recommendation, i called up Schiller to do an annual inspection.
the were extremely friendly on the phone and i was able to set up an appointment for the next week.
when i set my appointment, i had asked that they call me 30 min prior to showing up so i could leave work and run back home.
that didn't happen and while that could have been annoying, schiller made up for it.
they did call me when he had arrived at my house but i gave them the go ahead to just start work since the AC is on the roof.
the AC guy hung around until i was able to get out of work and was super apologetic about the not calling thing.
he did an extremely thorough job checking the AC, made some indoor vent recommendations (i learned quite a bit about AC units/systems that day) and was just the nicest guy you could ever meet.
once in a while they do a special in conjunction with SRP where you can get their checkup for only $29.
unfortunately i had missed the cut off date but still thought that the $59 i spent was well worth the piece of mind for the summer.

Robert and Brandon are sincere and honest people.
They have a great staff too.
I had them replace a heat pump a few years ago and their prices were the best.
Not much overhead like big companies have.
They also do my annual inspection on the units to make sure they are running.
They are honest with that too.
All around great people who do what they are good at and don't want to screw you over.

Fastest service, lowest price, good people  I found out I lost air at 4:00 on a Friday in July in Arizona.
Not the time you want to be calling an air conditioning place for service.
I placed 4 calls (2 recommendations and 2 highly rated on Angie's list) and Schiller's was the only one able to come out same day - they didn't charge overtime even though it was pushing into weekend hours.
Robert was extremely fast and helpful.
He was able to get my air back up and running for the weekend and make the necessary repairs on Monday.
He was patient and thorough in answering my questions (there were lots).
He also gave me the exact parts info so I could research prices.
I can tell you they came in under (by a lot) from the other quotes and guaranteed their work for a year.
Great small company that I would gladly give my business to again and happily refer to all!
I'm a very pleased customer - great job Schiller, thank you!

I had a problem where my outside unit was freezing up.
Really hot day.
Called several companies and most couldn't come out for at least 24 hours and ALL OF THEM told me it sounded serious and I might be without service until it can be replaced.
I live in Tempe and try to use Tempe businesses.
Saw Schiller's on Yelp and Angie's List.
Called them and explained to Heather my problem.
She said it would be the next day but suggested that it might be a dirty filter and gave me a couple of simple instructions and within 2 hours we were back in business!
No down time, replacing major components.
I arranged for the Spring Tune Up on both units and Brandon and James came out and explained everything in need.
$ 200 later they were on there way and I can't tell you how nice it was to have an honest repair company at my home.
I am sharing the word with everyone I know.

