Nice place to take kids if you can handle the crowd of other kids.
Good family place.

Peter Piper Pizza is a kid's dream lunch or dinner destination and easy on a parent's wallet.
It's got a mediocre but good enough pizza buffet that's really reasonably priced and a big kid play area with video games and misc activities.
The staff there is mostly teenage kids but they're patient enough with the little ones.
I enjoyed my time here.
I wouldn't say it's the cleanest place but then, it's hard to be constantly cleaning up after billions of kids.
haha  Might see you here!

Pretty good pizza actually--I'm shocked.
I used to take my daughter over to Chuck E. Cheese when we lived in the Bay Area and the pizza there was a friggin' joke.
This place has all the games and stuff that you would find at Chuck E. Cheese, but the pizza here is like ambrosia in comparison.
Tasty sauce, substantial and good-tasting crust, fresh toppings--yes, here the pizza isn't an afterthought to the games, the tokens, and the ticket redemption area.
If it wasn't for all the kids running around and the noise, I'd probably come here more often and just order pizza.
My daughter informed me after taking her to a classmate's birthday party here that she still prefers the pizza over at CEC's  Well, at least my wife and I can tuck into a nice pie while she plays games.
That and bottomless drinks--works for me.

Pizza is great here.
This location is typically clean and not too crazy.

= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!!
= = = = = =  Ah, happiness is a shopping center with THREE Buffets in it!
SO, resisting Chutney's & especially excellent China Town Buffet, I stopped in here for a first visit to this Peter Piper today.
I found friendly service, comfortable booth seating, a clean dining room, proper lighting and acoustics (for a pizza parlor), and the room temperature right.
Along with the above, lunch started with three tasty tossed salad varieties:  Garden Ranch, Classic Caesar & Apple Harvest.
The host offered to have any pizza I desired fixed for me, so I ordered up a thin crust with Pepperoni & Italian Sausage.
By the time I was finished with salad it was being pulled from the oven by a sweet andrygynous cook lady who's name I didn't get, loaded up with lots of meat, & it was GREAT!
(YAY MEAT!
)  Slices of other pizzas that I enjoyed were one with lots of cheese only, one with Italian Sausage, mushrooms & Bell Pepper on whole wheat crust, and another with Pepperoni & slices of Jalepeño Pepper which was tamed down a little by the baking.
This whole feast was only $5.49, & with everything just right this Peter Piper earned 5 Stars!
:-))  PS:  If it's been a long time since you tried Peter Piper & thought the pizza tasted like cardboard, come back & see how much they've improved!

