This mobile grooming service is top notch.
My fluffball dog recieved a nice groom right outside my house!
What I was especially happy about - he wasn't the least bit traumatized by the experience like he has been with other grooming experiences.
Sara was his groomer and she was very sweet to my pup, gave him little treats and lots of love.
I was especially happy to support a small business ran by women.
My only minor complaint, it would be nice if I could call and talk to them.
I played phone tag quite a bit, and we communicated mainly through messages.
Hopefully that part improves... everything else was great!

Love, love, love Natural Pet mobile grooming!
Sarah did an excellent job grooming and massaging my little dog Heidi.
Heidi was a little nervous getting in the van - but it was so much better than when I took her to the Petsmart grooming where they kept her in a cage for hours.
And the cost was very reasonable.

Due to the fact that we recently relocated to the area and that our Old English Sheepdog was in desperate need of a bath, I was super delighted when I spoke with Jessica and made an appointment for my dog to be groomed the following week.
We were looking for mobile grooming services because we have used mobile grooming services in other states and been pleased because it means our dog is the only one being worked on and he doesn't have to spend time in a crate.
Sarah came out on the day of our appointment and was within the 3 hour window that Jessica provided when I made the appointment.
Sarah seemed friendly and interacted nicely with my dog.
Up to this point, I was pleased.
After about 1 1/2 hours, Sarah brought my dog to me, I was pleased with the way he looked.
I was NOT pleased when she told me the cost was $150 as Jessica quoted me (at the time I made the appointment) 1/12-2 hours and $100 for grooming my dog.
My dog is in full coat and we didn't want him trimmed, so we wanted him bathed along with his ears cleaned, nails trimmed and belly trimmed.
At the time I made the appointment, Jessica assured me that all of these services were included in the time and dollar amount quoted.
Since Sarah didn't have any previous interaction with me regarding price, I simply paid her the amount she stated (plus 20% tip) and called Jessica since she had quoted me the price.
When Jessica finally called me back, she stated that she would never provided a strict price as she always quotes in ranges and offered me no explanation as to why the price jumped up by $50.
She was rude and defensive.
I wasn't going to argue with her as I took notes when I was originally on the phone with her and I would have written down a range if that is what she quoted.
Since I had paid the $150 when the services were provided, I didn't expect a refund.
I simply wanted an explanation as to why the price increased and possible some kind of concession for future services (maybe a small credit of $15).
I have no issue with paying for services but I have a huge issue with being charged more than quoted and no reason for the increase being given or no effort to provide customer service.
Again, their services are ok but their customer service is lacking.
i will NOT be using them again.

