What a dump.
This place needs to be condemned.
I don't even know where the laundry list of disappointment begins with this place.
Lets walk a customer through a trip to this place.
The parking lot.
I would like to find out who designed the layout of the parking lot and castrate them and their family.
The parking spots are smaller than my dick.
Door dings or someone smashing into your bumper are a almost a guarantee.
Only thing smaller than the parking spots are the tables inside this place.
Good luck negotiating the drive through.
Walking into the place:  Once you get past the homeless people begging for change, you go inside to almost always find more of their clan sitting at a table, asking for more money.
Even when you are eating.
I've had some of them sit at my table and start asking for my food or money.
This has happened more than once.
Always smells like bile outside here.
No one working there seems to give a shit.
The carpet.
You know those run down casinos just outside of Las Vegas, with 50 years of dirt, smoke, piss, and drinks spilled on them?
This place looks like it bought their carpet from them and let 10 years of wear continue afterwards previously mentioned conditions.
Then added all sorts of fries, condiments, and other various shit all over the place.
I stepped in gum there last month in the dining room carpet.
Told an employee and they said "O.K.
"  Wiped it off my shoe on a chair.
Was still there last week when I came back.
Have never been here without at least seeing ketchup or mustard on the walls or chairs somewhere.
Gross.
The crew: I love trying to eat my 3000 calorie meal listening to the crew YELLING at each other in Spanish.
Has happened every time I have been here.
The bathroom: Jesus, hold it, piss in the parking lot, or go before you get here.
I am sure there is some sort of paranormal activity in the john there coming out of the plumbing.
A month ago there was a syringe inside the toilet.
Lovely.
Could probably just piss on the carpet of the dining room while eating, I don't think anyone will notice.
Or care for that matter.
Food seems to be the typical garbage at all Jack in the Box restaurants, so no ding on them for that.
However, I always feel like I need a shower after I eat here.
A plus:  Seems a lot of the day crew entertainers that work at the strip joint next door eat lunch at this dive before their shift.
At least they have that going for them.

I only go for the oreo chocolate cookie shake and half the time I go there, their "machine is down".
I called when I got home to ask the question I didn't when I drove off aggravated, "why the hell is your machine down all the time?
"  However, no one answered the call.
Nice.
Lost my business.

We usually use the drive-thru but when we are on foot we go inside.
It is the cleanest Jack in the area!
But it is fast food so keep you expectation low and you will normally be happy.

