I have pretty basic hair cut needs, so this store works for me.
Periodically I go in for a trim as my curly mop gets dry and crispy.
The stylists do a good job each time I go and are very professional.
Some of the stylists give better cuts than others, but I always get a consistently good hair cut for a great price.
Also, I like that they do not push the products too hard.
That can be annoying.

Daughter is going to visit the grandparents and looks like a drowned rat she needs a haircut so bad - 2 days until she goes...
Coupon for $6.99 comes in the mail and I dart down to the closest Great Clips for a trim.
Problem solved.
They got her in within 5 minutes of showing up, cleaned her up and fixed all the awkward length on her bangs from where I've been cutting them for the last few months.
15 minutes later I walk out with a clean looking kid and a lolly pop.
Crisis averted.

I will admit, I was pleasantly surprised by this place.
I have crazy curly hair- hair that is deceivingly difficult to cut.
Being a guy- a guy that doesn't want to use a flat iron on my hair daily- and a guy that actually has to look professional in a senior IT position- I have searched far and wide across the valley for a good clip.
Needless to say 90% of the time- I've been disappointed.
In over 10 years of living on the valley- 30 different locations 50 plus stylists.
I have found less than I can count on one hand that can cut extremely thick, extremely fast growing extremely curly hair well- that will look good for more than a week.
So why try a bargain place- I've gone all over- high and low.
I know the reputation these places have.
Cheap cuts- cheap looks.
Needless to say- I moved right down the block a year ago- and after being fairly disappointment with the neighboring salon across the street I tried this place on a whim.
I was fortunate enough to get Nathan my first time- the dude knows hair, and has curly hair of his own.
He has consistently given me good haircuts that last until my hair grows out- looking great at all lengths.
Harder to do then it sounds.
Highly recoomondended!
Great service, excellent haircut, fair price.

This is not your ordinary Great Clips.
Always courteous, friendly and prompt service.
I have always been happy with my cut and staff is always knowledgeable and helpful with purchasing hair products.
I just left  and always request Donna.
I repeat, ask for Donna - she is the manager.
She is always fun to chat with and always a great haircut!
Don't forget:  request Donna to cut your hair!!

