I have known Dr. Infantino since I was 19, now almost 28, and I love his dedication and commitment to helping patients.
I not only have had my eyes open to a new way of thinking about health-care but I am so happy to have learned a new way to deal with common colds, pains, headaches, ear aches etc.
I have learned chiropractic is not just for back pain, in fact I have had terrible migraine headaches since I was 12 yrs old that have almost completely subsided with regular chiropractic care.
I feel my future children will have an amazing advantage as I know I will be getting them adjusted from birth so they will be interference free and their body can function the way it was designed to!!!
Subluxation may be something you have not heard of and I highly encourage you to have a check-up to see if you have it because with adjustments most of the time it can be fixed!!

Everyone at Platinum Wellness has been awesome.
the level of care and concern has been exemplary.
The adjustments and exercises have really helped improve the quality of my daily life.
Thank you Platinum Wellness!

Had a massage here today by buying a Groupon Now!
The facility is new, staff friendly.
My massage therapist was fantastic.
He oozed "I love and care about you" abundantly out of his pores.
So naturally the massage was great.
Some people have the touch to levitate your aches and pain .
I definitely felt better after the massage.
So much better that I went to shopping therapy after!

When traveling my back locked.
Went here as walk-in, the chiropractor loosened my back up enough to carry on down the road.
Not the best adjustment ever, but a back saver and okay adjustment.

I started going here when I got  a Groupon for a massage.
I really liked the massage from Stephanie.
Her massage was great.
She did a really nice job - and I'm pretty picky about my massage therapists.
When I finished my massage, there was no "pressure" to buy a massage package, but I did anyway because it was such a great massage and very well priced if you buy a pack of 5.
My only (small) complaint is that because Stephanie is really good, her schedule fills up - so it takes about 6 weeks to get an appointment if you have any schedule preference.
Overall - good massage and good value.
I'm looking forward to my next massage in a few weeks!

(From 2011) Constant pressure to schedule that next visit whether you need it or not.
Constant indoctrination to the 'snake oil' side of chiropractic care (No, I do not have a cold because spinal misalignment is suppressing my immune system.
) I tolerated it because his spinal manipulation was good.
He kept telling me that he was fine with me coming in for occasional tune-ups, but in truth, he wasn't.
The sales pitches grew stronger and his frustration with me increased with each infrequent visit.
The last straw was having him 'chide' me in a loud voice across his office full of patients for failing to understand that I need to come in there regularly.
No... You don't understand.
That was the last time I will set foot in your office and you're getting a negative review everywhere I see your name.

