Rich was very helpful to us, from getting a floor model clearance fan down for us, to explaining how to install a remote kit, to answering questions on the new CFL bulbs and why they are not dimming (we purchased & installed the non-dimmable ones)  I find that the employees here are more friendly, on average, than employees at HD.

This really is more of a lady's hardware store with more design/decorating stuff, small appliances, and such.
But this time they had something HD didn't, and at a good price.
Almost exactly what I was looking for, too.
Even if you're a die-hard HD shopper, it doesn't hurt to check here too.

Did multiple trips here during a painting project for my new house.
I like the paint center better here than at Home Depot.
Not to be sexist, but if you caompare any hardware/lumber store in terms of manliness then Lowes comes in last.
So if you're looking for a place that you can get splinters and grunt about tools, Lowes is more of a hardware/lumber store with a veneer of a fancy showroom.
But, maybe I am just old-school and grew up on the wood floors of Ace Hardware where everything is on the shelves waiting for you to knock them off and stab yourself in the foot.

I like it here!
Ever since ive become a new home owner, this has been my toy's R us for my home.
I also had my first son at the same time, so I've been bringing him here since he was born.
I love it that the staff here still remember him everytime.
Here you get quicker help than Home Depot where i always have to search for someone.

I recently moved into a new home and knew I was going to be spending a lot of time at a home improvement store so I shopped at both HD and Lowes.
I bought a few products from each store and the final result was Lowes hands down.
What compelled me to write this review was my interaction with the paint department.
I asked the person behind the counter for help and she explained that she didn't work at Lowes, she was a vendor from Comax, but she would be happy to help me.
The person I had met was Linda Garret, the Comax rep.
I told her that I was selling a home and if she had any suggestions of current colors that help sell a home in today's market.
With Lindas extensive backgrounds felt lucky to meet her and I was.
We agreed on a color and off I went.
I had the painting crew pick up the paint and paint the house.
I went to view the job they had done and was shocked when I entered my home.
The color was NOT what we had discussed.
I returned to Lowes and explained that the wrong paint was given to my painting crew.
Richard the floor manager at Lowes quickly provided support and reached out to Linda to figure out what went wrong.
Unable to reach Linda Richard provided the paint Linda and I spoke about.
The entire house was painted in the color Linda and I spoke about at Lowes but after thinking what would be best for my home made a change to a different color.
There was a lot of confusion but there was no lack of attention to the customer needs.
Both Linda and the painting department at Lowes  went above and beyond to fix the issue.
I can't say enough about the team work between Lowes and Linda Garret the Comax paint  rep. Their  professionalism and follow up has won them a customer for life.
A great big thank you to both!
regards,   Craig Saager

Didnt find what i was looking for, burlap sacks, but the lady with the awesome tatoos in the garden center was supa coo

If you want assistance or some help, don't come to this Lowe's.
I went to Lowe's for a particular item with the pending cold weather.
Upon walking into the garden section I asked a worker for an item.
She stated to me she wasn't sure if the item was in stock, but if it was it would be over there and pointed to an area.
Not very helpful.
A bit frustrated, I went to customer service to see if the item was in stock.
At least the lady working the desk knew that item was out of stock.
At least take the effort to show me where the  item was and not send me on a blind hunt.
Lowe's might have the best Nascar driver around, but this Lowe's lacks in customer service.
Won't be going to this location again.

horrible service and not the first time its happened here.
First they lost our business to home depot for our home blinds  We gave them another chance with the carpet after several trips, phone calls and months we get a final quote on paper come back 3 days later and they say no, they blamed me for it, lied to me and went back on their word  both verbal and paper we had everything planned and picked out carpet torn out of entire house ready for install and now we are back to square one trying to find installers, carpet and everything   this company is not honest.

