Say, for the sake of argument that you're a litigating attorney who practices in San Francisco, but you have a case pending in Phoenix, and the deadline under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure for serving defendants in said complex multi-party class action seems to be the Monday following a holiday weekend.
Say also, for the sake of argument, that there's a business defendant in that case you still need to serve, that said defendant resides in Phoenix, and also that it happens to be almost 2:00 p.m. on the Thursday before the the Friday holiday referenced above.
Say then, for the sake of argument, that you call up Arizona Quick-Serve and explain your predicament.
If that all happened to you you'd find yourself in good stead.
Nice efficient customer service, and they get it done right.
Go forth and litigate!

I had to have someone served in the Phoenix area and my first thought was to have a friend in the area serve them.
I asked a couple friends to serve the other party at work.
They almost pulled it off but the other party realized that they were trying to serve papers and avoided service.
Rather than ask my friends to take on this assignment, I thanked them for their effort and started calling process service companies.
I settled on Arizona Quick Serve because they didn't promise the world and did not come off as 'salesy' like some of the others did.
I soon found out that this was so because they had no real interest in anything beyond getting paid.
More than a month later, two court continuiances.
two charges for attempted service and some investigative work, they are not only not close to serving the other party, they never have been.
The closest anyone has been to serving them were my friends - the non-professionals.
It's not like the other party is avoiding service, either.
They have agreed to meet for service on a couple of occasions only for AQS to have no servers available to do the job.
Now as the court will not allow any more continuances in my case, my case manager with Arizona Quick Serve will no longer take my calls.
He's avoided my last five calls to the office (over eight days).
In short, my experience has been that Arizona Quick Serve has been one of the most apathetic companies I have ever dealt with.
There is no urgency until the day of the deadline and rather than get the documents served, they avoid communicating.
My advice would be to call any one of the many other process servers in Phoenix.
This one will happily accept your money but not much else.

First let me start by saying this is the worst process serving company in the valley.
My best friend needed to have some papers served against someone who has been harassing her.
I located a service in Scottsdale AZ.
I referred her to them because their website was very professional and when i talked to the man on the phone he was very nice and it seemed as if he would do a great job.
My friend dropped the papers off on a Tuesday.
they said that they would attempt 5 times.
she wrote on the papers that the woman slept all day and to not do it in the morning.
The company charged her the 75 dollars and said they would get it taken care of.
Two days went by and no word, she called them to check on the status on Thursday and the people had JUST given the papers to a process server TWO days later!!!
She then received an email a week later that two attempts had been made IN THE MORNING!!!
She called and told them please dont serve her in the morning it does no good, the man stated they serve when they can.
Another WEEK went by and she heard NOTHING from them.
She called again to ask what was going on!
the man was very rude and said they tried again and she didn't answer.
She asked them how the process works and he said they didn't do special skills to trap her in to taking the papers.
(in a rude manner) Needless to say these were not just papers that could sit around, she was being threatened and harassed.
They supposedly attempted again to deliver them but who truly knows if they did.
They honestly could have just sat on the papers and done nothing.
Another week went by and they emailed her papers back stating they could not serve her.
This is the worst processing company ever.
I have no clue why or how they are in business.
They are extremely rude and have very poor manners.
I feel horrible having referred them to her as she still after now, going on a month, still has the papers in her hand.
I would give them ZERO stars if that was possible.
Dont waste your money!!!!!!

I am very pleased with Arizona Quick-Serve.
They are reliable and get the job done.
I am a family law litigator in Arizona and I have used them multiple times now - almost always under pressure to serve quickly.
They manage to get it done and I highly recommend them.
Before finding Arizona Quick-Serve, I used another service of process company.
I had to repeatedly ask them to serve the target before they finally did it.
So I switched and I am so glad I did.

