Super shuttle can rot in hell.
I made an online reservation, pre-paid and was super psyched about the great $14 rate that would get me to my hotel.
my plane came in early, but i had to wait for my bags at baggage claim so i was about 10 minutes late for my 9:35PM pickup.
I go outside and am directed to the super shuttle dispatcher guy who i walk up to.
he half turns towards me but refuses eye contact as they are glued to the company cell phone that is scrolling something on the screen.
"hi i have a reservation, my name is erin..." he takes a deep breath and asks again how i spell my last name and says "yeah yeah 5 minutes" and promptly walks away from me.
now my name is generally difficult for people to spell, and i didn't get the sense he'd actually been listening, but i moved aside and took the opportunity to stretch my legs.
a van pulls up about five minutes later.
driver gets out, says one man's name, the man gets on and they drive away.
another van pulls up.
i ask the guy if it's the one i'm supposed to get on and he puts his hand up to indicate i should stop talking.
umm okay.
so now it's 10:20 (!!!!
) and that dude goes on break when his coworker comes back.
his coworker who just smoked an entire blunt.
more vans are coming and going, yelling out street names and people just hop on.
well i don't frigging know what street my hotel is near wtf?!
at 10:30 i approach the stoner and ask him when my shuttle is arriving.
his first question: "did the other guy help you?
" i can sense that if i say yes he will immediately walk away.
i say no.
he looks up my reservation and oh magical, no one called it in when i got to the stand 40 minutes ago.
wow.
spectacular.
so i tell him the other guy told me five minutes, and that i have a reservation and he goes "there are no reservations and i thought you said no one helped you".
AAAAYYYYYYYYYYY!!
after he tells me i will have to wait an ADDITIONAL 45 MINUTES i call the 800 number to have a screaming fit, and that dude calls the stoner and asks him what's up and the stoner says i'm annoying and then i am told yet again that there are no reservations.
no reservations?
i ask.
why did i get a confirmation, pick up time schedule and pre-pay online then?
hmmmm??
no response to that but after a brief hold i'm told i can get on a bus in 15 minutes.
i got to my hotel at 11PM.
sure it's a $14 ride, but that's not right.

I cant remember how I found these guys, but anything beats leaving the car at the airport in the summer time AND having to pay for it.
I have used these guys several times, and have had a mixed bag of experiences.
Nothing terrible, but nothing outstanding either.
I will list the pros and cons of these guys so you can decide for yourself.
Ok, the good first: A) if you make reservations online, and you have a US Airways frequent flier number, you get 50 miles put in your flyer account.
This is only valid online, and not over the phone!
So, get your miles on and book a reservation on thier website.
B) Shuttles so far for pickup at my place have been ontime.
They show up in their 15 minute window as promised.
C) vans are clean, drivers are friendly and helpful.
D) they load your bags in and out of the van for you, and take you right to the terminal at curbside.
E) I think thier prices are fair and reasonable, and I love that.
F)  If your coming into sky harbor, you dont need a reservation to take a blue van.
You can go to the curbside and just wait for a van to get you.
Awesome if your flight gets into late (like a 3am arrival) and you cant get someone to pick you up.
G) if your a nurotic traveler like me and like to be at the airport super early, and you book online, you can  alter the flight times if you want to get there a little early.
I did this recently when flying back to Detroit at Thanksgiving tme and wanted the extra hour to make sure I didnt miss  my flight,.
Ok, now the cons  A) I had a crazy lady driver last summer who almost got me killed!
OMG she was HORRIBLE.
Hard gas, Stomp on brake.
Repeat the entire 17 miles to the airport.
yea, I was dying to get out of her van since she was driving so bad.
B) The vans for taking you away from the airport to your home are decided by location.
So, if you live in Chandler, your not going to get in the scottsdale van.
The reps there will know what van your going in.
Ive had to wait a few minutes as other travelers got into their designated vans before me.
Im fine with this for a few reasons.
For starters, if it gets me home quicker to NOT have to go through surprise to get back to my place in Chandler, then I will wait.
Be patient people, 5 extra minutes on the curb will spare you a long ride home.
I reccomend these people, but please always be careful when using ANY transportation company.

I've never had a bad experience with Super Shuttle.
They're relatively reliable.
You just have to be prepared for riding in a sparse or packed van.
However, I was surprised that Super Shuttle at Sky Harbor Phoenix Airport didn't have a reservation booth(s) for customers to reserve seatings as can be done in other airports.
Instead, you have to go outside and spot a dispatcher for a ride.
(It is highly recommended that you reserve in advance.
)  And depending where you're going (zones), you may have to wait a little while.
I was suprised how cheap it was...$16 dollars, from the airport to Scottsdale.
It cost almost twice as much for riding Super Shuttle from the Baltimore airport.

Neither my boyfriend or I have ever used SS, but since our flight was so early in the morning, we didn't want to ask anyone for a ride, so I scheduled a SS.
GOOD IDEA?
Our flight was scheduled for 7:20 or something around that.
The earliest time they pick up is 5am, which seemed ok at the time of scheduling.
They of course fail to mention that after picking us up, we'd also be picking up two more slack-ass parties who's flights aren't till 9am and won't be in any hurry to get in the van.
So, they showed up on time, that was a plus, but I'd say everything pretty much went downhill from there.
We went to the next stop in the mega-apartment center near the Chandler Mall which isn't too far from our house.
Couldn't find the guy who was being picked up so drove around for about 10 minutes, finally found him and still had to wait for him to get his shit together.
Then we went to pick up the most annoying family on the planet.
We get to their gated community down the street from the last pick-up and they don't know the code, so they have to drive from their house to meet us at the gate to swipe their wand thingy, ok. whatever.
then we follow them to their house where they are still packing.
After ten more minutes everyone is in the van and we are off.
We get on the freeway and are on our way to the airport...untill, the man of the annoying family we just picked up announces he's forgotten his "heart medication" (after thinking about this for a while, we think he made that shit up and actually forgot his socks or some bullshit).
Soooo, we TURNAROUND to go back to his gated community where they don't know the code to get in, so they send their innocent (but portly) 13 year-old daughter over the fence to run back to the house.
At that point the driver shoulda been like, "dude, we'll call you another shuttle to pick you up, I gatta get these people to the airport so they don't miss their flight" but no, we waited what seems like half an hour for this girl to run to and from their house and back over the fence to actually take off for the airport again.
We are off again and the family is chuckling about what an idiot dad is and of couse we are fuming, but don't want to get into a fight, just want to get to the god damned airport on-time.
So yeah, we get to the airport at 6:55 for our 7:20 flight.
Barely, BARELY make it, and wanted to kill someone.
BAD BAD BAD idea.

Unlike their car service Execucar, Supershuttle is just ok for me.
I use to use them all the time as a cheap way to get to and from the airport but after having to be picked up 2 hours before my flight and sometimes stopping at too many places to pick up other passengers and actually wondering am I going to make my flight?
Its kinda lost its luster for me.
Don't get me wrong, its still cheaper than a cab but sometimes it just isn't worth it.
Especially coming home.
I swear there have been times where I was the last person dropped off after riding around all over town dropping off others.
Oh well, you get what you pay for and sometimes cheaper isn't always better.

The Blue Shuttle - I have a love/hate relationship with this company.
Often times when I have to go to Sky Harbor, I need a ride, and rather than bother friends, I take the shuttle.
It is an inconvenience, so I don't look forward to it at all.
But it has a lot of pluses:  *  It is inexpensive  * They have online reservations  *  I'm never in a hurry, so I don't have to worry about the time factor  *  They always arrive when scheduled  *  Driving around town picking people up is a way to see the Scottsdale area  *  They cross reference flights and times (and have saved my *ss on an occasion)  *  I can leave my car at home The minuses:  *  When arriving at the airport you have to locate a dispatcher  *  The dispatcher can be hard to communicate with  *  the van's can be kind of shop-worn  *  some of the passengers are not very friendly The drivers epitomize my relationship with Blue Shuttle.
Some of them a are great, some are scary, and some seem to have no clue whatsoever.
I've had several  drivers who have been the most enjoyable people in the world.
One of the drivers was so short, she could barely see through the steering wheel.
One talked through the corner of his mouth like he had just been released from prison.
Another thought he was a NASCAR driver.
It's kind of like opening a box of Crackerjacks - you never know what you will get, but it's always fascinating.
I will keep using them unless I find something better, but I will make sure I give myself plenty of leeway on arriving at the airport for departures.
And make sure you fasten your seat belts.

Needed an inexpensive way to get to the Boulders resort, and cab fare was about $80.
A car rental was out of the question since NASCAR and the NFL and several conferences were in town and the prices topped $175 per day hence SupperShuttle.
Leaving from the airport was great.
Neither my friend nor I made reservations and we found the guy with the Supper Shutle jacket and placed our orders.
We both arrived at the Boulders with no problems.
However, being picked up to make a flight on time is a different story.
I placed an order online for my friend, and then called to confirm since I was using her laptop and wanted to confirm.
Plus, I needed a quote from the Boulders to another hotel.
The lady confirmed my friends pick-up and then gave me a quote.
I decided to book online instead of going with the quote for the luxury car.
Well, my friend's shuttle never arrives.
When I call they say I booked it for Nov 13, 2011 - who in the world would book that far in advance.
PLUS, I called to confirm so why didn't she catch that.
I put in a request for a claim and was suppose to hear back and still didn't here anything.
My driver showed up on time.
However, the driver had a hard time finding the home of the last person.
I had plenty of time before my flight but others were beginning to worry.
I silently wondered if she'd ever get out and knock on the door or just keep sitting and waiting.
Other than that, it was definitely worth the price.
But, I'd leave plenty of time to make it to the airport.

My experience with SuperShuttle wasn't too bad.
They picked me up at the end of my time window.
There was a total of 3 of us in the van (including myself) and I was the 2nd to be picked up at 5:45AM.
I originally told them my true flight departure time of 8:45AM but after seeing the latest time window they could pick me up I was worried about making my flight so I lied and said my flight left at 7:45AM so they would pick me up much earlier.
I would rather arrive at the airport too early than too late.
I would advise using a similar strategy when telling them your departure time.
The driver wasn't that bad but it was so early in the morning that there weren't too many people on the freeway so who knows how he would do with a lot of traffic.
The one thing the driver did that I didn't feel comfortable with was multitasking and using the computer while driving on the freeway to the airport.

Booking the shuttle was easy.
I gave the sales rep my flight info and she had my ride secured within minutes.
I was initially scheduled for pick up at 6, but I asked to be picked up at 5:30.
No problem.
The shuttle was prompt; I was on my way to Sky Harbor by 5:40.
No heavy lifting of my bag either.
SuperShuttle uses propane to fuel the vans instead of gas--it's cheaper and has less emissions.
I like this because I'm an environmentally-conscious individual.
The one drawback of SuperShuttle is sharing the van with other people.
Luckily we only had one stop and it was relatively easy to find.
Plus, it was on the way.
The driver was friendly and we listened to some good 'tunes on the way down there.
A very safe ride, indeed.
Very economical--$22 each way.
It's cheaper than that obligatory meal and/or gift given to the lucky person that offers to give you a ride.
I'm satisfied.

If I could give zero stars, I would.
Supershuttle sucks!
I will never use them again!
I wasn't picked up on time, told the told me it would be best to find my own way to the airport when my flight was leaving in an hour!
Screw that!
I had to call 5 times and I was hung up on once.
I had to fly standby and hang out at the airport all day.
What a great way to spend the last day of my vacation!
I should have known this shuttle service sucked when I heard the automated system give a prompt for "refunds".
Let's see how long it takes to get my money back.
I can't emphasize enough how much SUPERSHUTTLE SUCKS!

The website malfunctioned, so my reservation was not properly received.
My ride to the airport did not show up, leaving me to scramble for a plan B and nearly miss my flight.
The customer-service agent assured me I'd receive a refund.
After waiting several weeks, I contacted them again, and they denied my refund.

I have had such good experiences with super shuttle in Phoenix.
We travel a lot and cabs and parking are too expensive in this area.
We live in Scottsdale and it's a great value to and from the airport!
It's a shared van ride so the drivers do try to make it worth their time.
The staff us super friendly....we've had two interactions with one particular supervisor, Gwen whose gone above and beyond.
I've left a bag On the shuttle with my iPod and all it's accessories and the driver turned everything in immediately to the Supershuttle headquarters downtown.
We will definitely continue using them!

Decent timely service for a tolerable price in an uncomfortable, loud van.

I would like to give zero stars right now.
I am pissed.
I have used SuperShuttle numerous times over the years.
They have always done their job at a competitive price.
On September 1st I talked to the driver from SuperShuttle who picked up my fiance to go to the airport for his trip to France and asked if they would pick me up on the 12th with the 2 dogs in their crates, and if there would be additional fees.
I was told no, that it was no problem.
Now I am being told that it would be $70!
Deceptive!!
And HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ON THE PHONE.
So RUDE and not very understanding.
I will not use them again, and I will make sure no one in our company does either.

This was a weird experience.
I have used Supershuttle in Denver (see my post on that - please, if you ever go to Denver - NEVER use them).
I've also used them in Houston with no issues.
I prepaid my ticket a few weeks prior to the scheduled time.
When I arrived at Phoenix airport, I was told that I needed to go outside.
Strange - I'm used to Supershuttle having their own booth in the airport.
I walked outside, and an employee from Supershuttle was managing getting everyone to their destination.
It seemed to be highly disorganized - you had people that had reservations and others that wanted to pay in cash...but there weren't any cash registers.
She looked at the copy of my registration (what the hell would happen if I didn't have it?
There's no computers anywhere...) She then put me on the next shuttle.
The driver was pleasant.
We went around to another stop to pick up additional passengers - but at that point no one needed pickup.
So as we were leaving the airport - the driver gets a request to pick up a passenger...where he originally picked me up!
This was not even 5 minutes later!
This is what I'm talking about - unorganized.
The driver wasted his gas and my time just making unnecessary circles around the airport.
We picked up the passenger and got on our way.
I really don't have any complaints about the driver - he drove fast (like me) and I got to my destination in one piece.
Fast forward to leaving Phoenix.
I booked both these trips at the same time (roundtrip).
Because of my bad experience in Denver, I called them to verify that they had my reservation.
This time I requested they contact me when the driver was 15 minutes away.
They agreed.
My pickup time was 5:45pm.
My flight was 7:45.
I'm thinking...this is plenty of time.
The hotel is close to the airport, and I should be fine.
I had someone traveling on Supershuttle from my class - her pickup time was 6:15.
At 5:45 I receive a call indicating that my driver is 15 minutes away.
Then a shuttle approaches the hotel.
I tell him who I am - and he says that I'm not on his passenger list.
I show him the reservation, and he calls his HQ.
The driver was super-nice - he had problems trying to reach them at first, but states that he will take me.
Finally he's able to contact HQ, they make the adjustments and I'm off to the airport (a little late).
So let me stop here - from what I could hear of the conversation with HQ (which was one-sided) - it seems like they did not assign me to a driver.
And unlike Denver, I wouldn't be able to drive myself.
Ugh...this situation which has occurred multiple times now...I can't say that I will use Supershuttle again.
Actually I know I won't.
*The driver of the shuttle to Phoenix airport was very nice as well.
He explained the business model of this company.
I don't know why I thought the drivers were employees, but they're not.
They're independent contractors (from what I understand).
They pay the owners a certain percentage, and they pay to put gas in the vehicle.
Depending on the owners, they may even pay a percentage of the maintenance as well.
The drivers get to keep their tips, but it usually goes to pay for gas.
This is why (I believe) that the drivers are so nice - they're out to make you as comfortable as possible so they can get larger tips.
If I were to use them again, I would definitely continue to tip as much as possible.
To this day I have not gotten a bad driver.

Took them yesterday on a one way trip from Surprise.
The professional driver was early for the appointment--I liked that a lot.
Van was nice, clean and the temp was good.
It ended up a great choice---we were really impressed.
This city is kinda big and the airport complex.
Glad we gave them a try.

This was about my 15th (or-so) SuperShuttle, but my first time trying them in Phoenix.
First off, after purchasing a ride on their user-friendly site, they e-mail you a receipt with directions to find the attendant outside of the baggage terminal:  "TERMINAL 2: AFTER COLLECTING LUGGAGE, PROCEED TO THE EAST EXIT PAST BAGGAGE CLAIM AND LOCATE THE VAN SERVICE SIGNS AT THE OUTER CURB.
TERMINAL 3 & 4: AFTER COLLECTING LUGGAGE, PROCEED TO THE OUTER CURB AND LOCATE OUR SUPERSHUTTLE REPRESENTATIVE, NEAR A SIGN THAT SAYS VAN SERVICE.
THE SUPERSHUTTLE REPRESENTATIVE WILL ASSIST YOU WITH BOARDING A VAN.
"  The instructions are simple enough, but I walked right past the attendant when I went outside to search for the "van service" signs.
I saw the signs, but no attendant, only to realize several minutes later that she was sitting down in a uniform that wasn't very professional or catchy.
Her communication skills were juvenile and abstract as she spoke as if I had been a regular.
She said that it'd be about 10 minutes and gave me a number without specifying that it referred to a shuttle.
I had to ask if the number referred to a van.
The driver was great though.
He ended up finding me, taking one of my heavy bags even though I insisted otherwise and he was in his 60's, and was very efficient in making a direct route and getting me home ASAP.
In all, for only $31 for two after a 10% Yelp discount, I definitely prefer the SuperShuttle if I don't want to drive myself or park at PHX.

Supershuttle's pick-up service is so-so.
The real issue is their customer service.
I got on the line to confirm a pick-up and clarify the pick-up location, because drivers often have difficulty finding the entrance to the building.
I also wanted to check if the drivers had my # to call if they arrived in the area and weren't sure where to find me.
The agent had a thick Southern drawl and it became evident why she was in this dead-end role - not only did she patronize me and repeatedly (to the point of cognitive deficiency) reiterate that "Welllllll, I'd HOPE that the drive would call but ma'am, not all the drivers do" - she totally missed the point of why I was calling.
Which was to explain details.
She not helpfully suggested that I make sure to be outside by the entrance so the drive could see me.
I slowly explained that the driver would need my information so that s/he COULD see the entrance.
It went in circles like that with her helplessly laughing at her own incompetence in communication.
God lord, lady, this is your ENTIRE JOB.
Most frustrating 6 minutes wasted, ever.

I have taken SS many, many times over the last 20 years and have been very happy with it.
I will stick to the Phx area for this review.
I have never been late for a flight on the way to the airport, if anything you will get their super early.
I'd rather be early then late to the airport anyway.
Bring a book.
On the way back I book online and take advantage of a AAA discount.
To be honest you can find numerous coupon codes on line if you are adamant about it.
The drivers have always been happy, safe, honest and courteous.
The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that you have to wait at times, a bit at SkyHarbor on the return.
For me it is no big deal.
I plan that in my trip time since I have no flight to catch.
I never book flights back at last minute.
However, if you are in a rush or have a place to be then get picked up by a friend or take a taxi and be forewarned.
I have caught a shuttle in as little as three minutes and other times have waited 20 or more.
Example of great driver, last month I took them home from a flight from Denver.
The driver had us in stitches over stories he had heard about airline passengers and the strange things they bring aboard their flights.
I was skeptical over the Potbelly Pig and Miny pony story until the guy whips out his camera phone and shows me the pictures.
Here is the evidence of this huge pig that literally pooped all over the plane and even tried to attack crew and customers.
But, hey he is a service pig ya know.
(Insert eye roll here) So I digress.
The reason I mention is this I am laughing so hard when he pulls up to my home that I apparently left my really cool, wool coat on the floor of the van.
So now only in Phoenix would someone not miss their winter coat until like a month later, right?
But alas, on the one really cold night of the year I realize I have not seen this coat since Denver.
Sooooo, I initiate a week long search that includes Sky Harbor Lost and Found, Southwest Airlines but to no avail.
I am extremely sad to believe my coat is lost forever.
I love that coat!
Then it dawns on me that I took SuperShuttle home this time.
Could it be possible?
So I email them and a lovely Margarita calls right back ( a person not a drink) to say that they actually have it.
Wow!
SS is my hero of the 2012 year end.
I am very appreciative to the honest driver and to have my coat back.
An added bonus is that Margarita grew up in NY.
I am also always happy to have a nice conversation with a fellow New Yorker.
See folks, there are still good people left in the world.
Thanks Super Shuttle.
I tip my New Years Party hat to you.
Now if you could only work on that return wait time I would give you 5 stars for sure.

Meant to write this sooner, but got busy over the holidays.
I tried SS for the first time over Thanksgiving week and I was really impressed.
I booked online and I'm always paranoid about getting to the airport in time so I chose the earliest time slot they gave me - unfortunately 4:15 a.m.
I was up and ready to go and at 4:05 I got an automated call that the driver was on the way.
I grabbed my bags and walked outside to wait and almost exactly at 4:15 the driver pulled up to my place.
Punctual!
He loaded my bags in the back and opened the side door so I could get in.
There ended up being three of us and we got to the airport with plenty of time to spare.
We were all taking off from the same terminal which made it super easy too.
When I flew home, I got my luggage and followed their strange directions to find the shuttle.
I have only two complaints...
They need to have their reps wear something bright blue with yellow lettering that says SuperShuttle or have a sign up somewhere.
I walked all the way down the long sidewalk and realized that I had walked right past the pick-up area.
Second, they need more seating - but I'm sure that's the fault of the airport, not SS.
They arrange shuttles by area so it took a bit to get one going my way - I think I waited 30 minutes.
The driver on the way back was just as awesome as the one on the way down - he even took all the back streets to make the trip shorter rather than following the GPS exactly.
I would definitely use SS again.
I found a coupon code online pretty easily that saved me about $6 - not much, but better than nothing.
I wouldn't recommend using them to pick you up when you land if you have somewhere you need to be immediately, but other than that, totally awesome!

Fast and easy way to get from the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport to downtown for a convention.
Driver was friendly and pointed out some interesting restaurants/etc on our short trip to the Sheraton.
On my return trip to the airport I was leaving from a different hotel and they wanted to charge me extra $$ for that so I actually cancelled the return trip and took a cab.

Supershuttle is terrible.
Seriously.
Value-wise -- as in how much you pay for the service/convenience  -- Supershuttle is ZERO stars.
Their customer service call centre is atrocious: ZERO stars.
So what is good about Supershuttle in Phoenix?
Stu.
Our driver Stu.
If it were not for Stu, this shitshow known as 'Supershuttle' would not be getting 3* from this user.
I was going from Sky Harbor International Airport to my hotel.
It takes seemingly half an hour to get through to the CS line.
Once you are through to an agent, they won't help you one bit because they are not competent enough to be able to simply explain where the hell their shitty shuttles are grouped.
Once you finally find your own way to the staging area for the shuttles, you will wait some more for a shuttle to show up -- one that is going to your part of the metropolis -- and waiting is what you better get accustomed to if you are relying on SS.
Once you are in the shuttle, it may or may not drive to another terminal of the airport to pick up other passengers (mine did).
FINALLY, you may set off for your destination.
From the time you are inside the shuttle, to the time you are at your hotel, is an inordinate amount of time.
You know what I figured out on the way back to the airport?
It is MUCH quicker to just take the damn light rail.
Cost: 2$  And cheaper.
Supershuttle is like 3000%+ more expensive than the light rail and yet it takes longer (and will be infuriating).
The gratuity alone you will provide to your driver, if you are a decent human being, will be many times more than the cost of the amazingly efficient light rail.
Just take the light rail if it is anywhere near where you are heading.
Back to Stu though.
This guy was cool.
Great stories; very personable.
The only good thing about Supershuttle.
Quite possibly the only thing worth a damn in the entire Supershuttle company.
5* for Stu.
- E

I have used SuperShuttle many times for both business and personal travel to and from Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport.
I returned from a trip and waited for the van to arrive for my ride back home.
There were a total of 3 passengers on the van, one going to the area of Power Rd and Baseline Rd in Mesa, the other to Phx Mesa Gateway Airport, and myself going to the area of Signal Butte Rd and Elliot Rd.
As we pulled away from the curb at Terminal 4 the driver started to mess with his on-board tablet to get routing information.
After speaking to the passenger going to Gateway, the driver got on his phone, apparently speaking to his dispatcher to see if he could get some fares around Gateway.
Instead of heading east on the 202, he choose to take the 147 to the 10 and travel east toward the 60.
All the while this guy continued to mess with his tablet and was weaving within our travel lane and the adjacent one.
Because he was so absorbed with getting more fares out east, and his tablet we missed the exit to the 60 - then he had the audacity to blame it on the routing that he received from his tablet.
We had to detour south down to Elliot Rd and then get back onto the 10 westbound back to the 60.
Then came the Harley's...he was more interested in the Harley's than driving (seems to be a trend).
We ended up following the pack of Harley's onto the 60 eastbound and that just added to the distractions for the driver.
Our first stop was an apartment complex near Power Rd and Baseline Rd.
The passenger gave the driver directions inside the complex, but after dropping him off the driver couldn't seem to find his way back out.
Frustrated - I just couldn't keep quiet any longer.
I told him how to get out and bit my tongue about his need to further driving instruction.
After dropping me off I immediately completed a customer feedback form on supershuttle.com.
Expecting a call back in a couple of days I felt that I had made my point - but no call came.
I have a trip coming up, so I called about possibly making a reservation and told the operator my reluctance about making the reservation.
She took down all of my information and the specifics and gave me a reference number, assuring me that someone would contact me in 2-3 business days.
That was about 2-weeks ago.
I cancelled my RT reservation for tomorrow morning a few minutes ago.
I also completed another feedback form.
It is a shame because all of my other experiences have been very positive and I have always had great service.
When looking at the new SkyTrain from the East Economy Lot it doesn't make sense to subject myself to the wait and frustration.
I can check my luggage before I park my truck then take the SkyTrain to Terminal 4.
Much less hassle.

If I could give super shuttle ZERO stars, I would!
My first (and last) experience was absolutely HORRIBLE!
The supershuttle representative at the airport entered my hotel information incorrectly to the dispatcher, which I found out as we were leaving PHX.
Whatever, honest mistake.
What was appalling was that the driver of the van had a complete lack of customer service in remedying this error, which was caused by their own employee!
Even though she was driving other passengers to hotels in Scottsdale, she insisted that she had to take me hotel listed on her iPad, even though it was the wrong one in Tempe.
She wouldn't even take me back to the airport to catch another shuttle!
On top of it all, she kept my voucher (prepaid for shuttle on viator), making me pay for the service to the completely wrong hotel!
Her last words, NOT an "I'm sorry" but a "good luck!
" I can't believe she would treat me this way!
There was absolutely no logical thought on her behalf nor any gesture of basic customer service!
I ended up taking a taxi to the correct hotel after being dropped off at the wrong one, and the taxi driver proceeded to tell me that he had previously worked for super shuttle and that he quit since they were such a TERRIBLE company!
After reading all of your reviews, I am sadly not surprised that I was treated so poorly!
This was by far the WORST customer service I have ever received from any company!

Great service, well organized and efficient.
Took the stress out of getting to the airport!
Return trip was just as efficient, found the rep at the curb outside of baggage claim and she had our van there in about 15 minutes.
The most painless trip to and from the airport ever.

Very pleased.
I booked online, found a discount coupon, and the payment process was easy enough.
They picked us up in Carefree and took us to airport.
The driver was friendly, prompt, and did not chat a lot.
Very happy!

Right on time and very efficient.

Both my trip to and from the airport with SS was fantastic!
Check-in to get to the hotel from the airport was easy and I only had to wait a few minutes for the van to take me away.
Going to the airport I arrived the prerequisite 2 hours early due to the driver being timely (even a bit early!
) and knowing his way around.

I hadn't used Super Shuttle for quite awhile because I was unhappy with the long wait I always had from the airport to get back to my house in North Scottsdale, and not so friendly employees.
I just used the service on 5/17 to the airport and today back from the airport and it was a very pleasant surprise.
Nice and helpful employees and drivers, short wait to come home.
I am extremely pleased they seem to have turned things around.
My driver, Helen, was wonderful.

Super shuttle was recommended by the conference I was attending at Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs.
The curbside attendant greeted us and efficiently told us when to expect our van.
Our driver was very friendly and engaged us in conversation for the entire trip.
Another couple in the van wanted to make a quick stop to pick up something to drink.
After getting approval from everyone else, the driver made the stop.
Great customer service!

I was very tempted to give SS a full 5 stars for their service... especially after my wonderful experience departing to the airport, however....  arriving was a different story.
If you book online there is a comment line where you can put various types of comments like requests, occasions, etc.
Turns out these are all just that "requests" because since the drivers are so nice... they are too nice to guarantee any sort of requests.
For example: I have a mobility disability, so in the comment field I mentioned that I have a severe mobility disability which makes ambulating difficult so a front seat would make it much easier to navigate, however it is first come first serve so if you are not to the van early enough (like me) then someone else will definitely grab that front seat or whatever.
Neither that person or the driver showed concern over my ability to navigate a middle seat with such difficulty.
Guess I'll have to order a private vehicle next time.
Other than that pure annoyance Super Shuttle is great.
- They are on time - You can make reservations either on the phone or their website - They are safe - They are reliable - They are very reasonable making value easy to find - Their vehicles are comfortable - They'll come to your home or certain hotels -They're very friendly

I arranged my shuttle service via the Internet.
They were prompt, friendly, the van was clean and cool.
They helped me with my bag.
I enjoy the Super Shuttle and have used them several times.
Really enjoy setting up the pickup via the Internet.
I can pay for the trip and the tip, so I don't need to worry about money when I'm getting dropped off!
Convenient!

So far so good!
Never had a bad experience w this group...well one overly chatty driver, but she was the exception.
Outbound to PHX, they always pick me up on time and help w my (heavy ) bags.
And driver always has a receipt when I request one.
Let's see how the arrival trip will be....
It's the first time I've booked a return trip?
Otherwise, just picking it up unreserved at the airport has been just fine, and  saves you $2.

I always have a good experience with them.
For those of you who do not, give them the feedback.
How will they know if you don't tell them?

Years ago a friend of ours named Jerry, started SuperShuttle to go to LAX from the Inland Empire and to Ontario.
He used to work for Anheuser Bush.
Maybe now he  regrets selling it since it has become such an awesome, giant co.
Still as great as ever!
If you ever read this Jerry give our love to Sue and the girls!

SuperShuttle never lets me down.
Enough said.

Had kind of an unexpected detour, needed transpo to the middle of nowhere.
They were quick, convenient, and comparably inexpensive.
The lady at the airport got me right on the next shuttle.
I as very pleased with the service and tipped him well!

30 July 2013  Great customer service by the CSR (terminal 4 North) on the graveyard/swing shift!
Courteous, kept us updated, and offered refreshing ice cold water!
A necessity during 100 degree.
Thanks v much!
Xx  Price for RT service was less expensive than a taxi one-way.

I have never had a more horrible experience with customer service.
I booked online for shuttle service to and from the airport and paid for everything in advance, gratuity included.
This is the first time I've used Super Shuttle per the recommendation of a friend.
The experience getting to the airport was fine, even though the driver was 25 minutes early from the assigned time.
Whatever, I just got through TSA earlier and at least the driver was perfectly friendly and professional.
But the experience of the trip from the airport back to my office was horrible.
First off the older lady manning the benches was quite rude.
She actually yelled "no" to me as I walked towards a van that just arrived to ask if that's the van I'm going to be using.
A simple and courteous explanation would have been sufficient, but she just had to treat me like I'm a two-year old or a dog.
I previously showed her my confirmation number (from a screenshot on my iPad as Super Shuttle did not even email me the information) and I assumed everything was fine.
I was getting dropped off to my office which was about a couple of miles away from the airport and I hadn't encountered any problems before then.
So the lady gets me to a van and we're on my way to to my office.
I get dropped off and the driver asks me for the fare.
I'm like, "What?
I already paid for everything online!
"  He explained that the lady didn't give him a confirmation number and apologized.
He was polite at least and said he didn't want me to pay twice, but I was just so tired after a long flight that I just wanted him go away and for me to get my car from my office garage and get home.
So I paid again, plus 30% gratuity as I hate tipping badly (and it honestly wasn't his fault).
But you can bet that I will never use this service again and I will not be recommending Super Shuttle to family and friends!

On time to pick me up, and arrived at PHX with plenty of time to catch my flight.
Simple and easy.

Super Shuttle has been my mode of transportation while in AZ for the 2013 National Concierge Association conference and their service has been amazing.
Hakeem transported me from the airport to my destination and though it was late after a long day he provided me with an enjoyable experience.
I just talked to a wonderful service rep on the phone who helped me adjust my pick up time and was not only efficient but courteous.
I'll definitely use them again.

I could not be more pleased with my experience getting a ride from the airport to my hotel.
The curbside staff are courteous, helpful, on-the-ball, and keep you informed of the status of the arrival of your ride.
A very proactive and energetic young lady was there to help all of us waiting for a van.
Very well organized; simply superb service.
Our van driver was attentive, thoughtful, and cheerful, explaining his choice of driving route to both the out-of-towner (me) and the locals in the van.
He happily answered questions from the riders with a great sense of humor and delivered me safely to my destination.
I couldn't ask for more and will recommend SuperShuttle to my friends and co-workers traveling to Phoenix.

The woman working the South Curb of Terminal 4 was such a sweetheart.
Enjoyed talking to her while waiting for the van.
Didn't take much time for a van to arrive.
Reached my destination quite quickly and will use service again.

I am very thankful for SuperShuttle.
It is wonderful and usually I have a very pleasant experience.
I hate having to ask people for rides or park my car at the airport for long periods of time.
I just wish there was a SuperShuttle everywhere.
:-)

9/25/13 - I was picked up promptly and kept informed when my van arrived.
The trip was quick and relaxing.
The driver was the best part (James).
He was extremely friendly and fun to talk to.
I ended up being an idiot and leaving my phone in the van, so my boyfriend called Super Shuttle to see if they could let me know if it was still there.
The customer service department was very helpful to get my phone back to me.
James even delivered it to me!!!
What company does that?
The honesty, integrity, caring and thoughtfulness of this company deserves 10 stars.
I could not be more pleased!!
Thank you so very much!!

I always take super shuttle.
Way easier than dealing with parking at the airport.
Drivers have always been on time, helpful and professional.

Easy to find after I got my bag from baggage claim.
Clear directions in the confirmation email.
Friendly agent who helped the passengers get the van dispatched.
Good service from the driver and nice guests on the ride.

They scheduled 3 pick-ups at the same time and each pick-up was 20 minutes from each other.
They made us be ready 15 minutes before our requested pick-up time - but then did not pick us up until 45 minutes after that time.
THEN, when they were already over the 15 minute window - they called us to let us know they would be 10 minutes later - and then told us NOT TO BE LATE so we would not inconvenience other passengers.
Then after that deadline passed, I called the main number and they told me it would be a bit longer.
I expected better service from them given that they have TONS of vans in their fleet.
Bad planning and dispatch service.
When I need to be at the airport early in the morning - I don't want the shuttle service to add to my stress-level and they did.

Just rode in the Phoenix Super Shuttle for the first time this morning!
Great experience, so easy, nice service!
Thank you, will be a returning customer!

On time, organized system, great driver!
Awesome first experience.
I would definitely use them again.
Although, they drive pretty slow on the freeway and it does take a little while to get the destination (depending on where you live), the drive was smooth and easy to book.

I use Super Shuttle in Phoenix whenever I can.
They are friendly & helpful.
The cost is very reasonable.

Tried Supershuttle the first time for a trip this past week.
I had concerns the shuttle would arrive late and jeopardize my flight.
Turns out the driver was one minute early for the 15 minute window and I was the last passenger he picked up.
We got to the airport with plenty of time to spare.
I will definitely choose Supershuttle again!

My trip to the airport was great.
Coming back home was very different.
Very disappointed.
I followed email directions exactly.
Stood where told.
There was no rep.
I called 800# and after being on hold for 6 minutes she came back and said someone would come get met.
Nobody did.
I flagged down a van.
They told me to check in with "that guy".
It was a man wearing faded and worn jeans that were baggy and falling down, a jacket, and no badge.
He was leaning on a smart luggage cart which had an old looking plaid backpack on it.
That's their company rep?
He looked like any other  traveller.
He took my name and said a van would be by in 10-12 minutes.
He did it in a completely uninterested and bothersome manner.
The phone rep said she would transfer my call to leave feedback.
The next person answered and asked how she could help me.
I asked, "Didn't the last person explain the situation?
"   She said yes.
Then she started to give me a reference number.
I asked what that was for.
He said its for the complaint.
I asked what complaint?
I had not given here any details.
She said, "you had an issue with service.
"  Really!
That's it?
So to sum it up:  nobody waiting for me, useless phone customer support, unprofessional airport representative.
Oh... And 1 HOUR wait to be picked up!!!
Consider other options in Phoenix.
UPDATE: Driver said he didn't know about the Ironman Arizona event.
Drove us right into it with blocked roads and traffic added to the delays.
How does a transportation company not know about major, planned, organized events that will affect routes?!?

I have used this service about a dozen times and it has always been great.
The price is as low as you can get and easy to use.
The drivers are always very nice and talk with you as much or as little as you want.
When I arrive in Phoenix, I walk out to the middle aisle and tell the rep. where I am headed and usually within 10 minutes I am off.
I call a day in advance for pickup to airport and the drivers are usually early, but never late.
Great deal!

Will always use their service.
Great drivers, always on time and I can just sit back and enjoy the ride and let them deal with the traffic.
Thanks SuperShuttle.
I have never had a bad experience yet and I have used them many times.

I used Super Shuttle in the past and have always been happy with the service - from customer reps answering my questions to drivers who were very polite.
When I took SS to the Phoenix Airport on Nov. 16th, the driver was on time and the trip van fine.
The experience and ride returning to Phoenix was HORRIBLE!
I called from Albuquerque to confirm my return van reservation but I kept getting cut off because they (a phone advertisement) kept offering me a promotional trip deal, which I wasn't interested in.
I finally talked to a "real" person who said she had no return reservation for me.
It took about 15 minutes to make a new reservation because she was had a sore throat and I could hardly hear her....and believe me, I am truly sorry when someone is ill and has to work.
When I arrived in Phoenix, there were no clear directions as to where to wait for the van, so I wandered back and for looking for a sign or person from SS to help me.
I finally found the employee (kind of hard to locate) who told me when my van would arrive.
(about 30 min.
later).
It was about 3:45-4 PM.
The traffic on the freeway was beginning to slow and the driver took an alternative route down Grand Ave. (I am assuming he was told to do this).
Because of construction the trip was stop and go and the real problem for me, was, that every time we stopped at a light, the driver started texting.
I was shocked!
Toward the end of the trip, one of the other passengers asked me if van service was always this bad because this was the first time she had used this service.
I replied, "I"ve used SS before, but this was the worst!!
"   I called "quality assurance" a couple days later, and talked to "Tim".
When I told him about my experience and the texting driver, he said something like "Well, that's not good,"  and offered a refund for this return trip.
I called my bank a few days later to see if there had been a credit issued from Super Shuttle.
There was none.
I emailed the Customer Care Center about this whole situation, and was supposed to get a response in 3-5 business days.
There was no email response from them.
It was only after calling my bank again that I learned there was a credit issued from SS on Dec. 13th   I will never use Super Shuttle again.
There is no "customer care" sevice as far as I am concerned so I will look for alternative van service should I need it.

Super easy to book online and now I use their app to track where my van is.
Got an automated call 5 minutes before pick up so I was ready when the driver got there.

I used their service in Phoenix, AZ.
Wonderful experience!
The drivers were so polite and professional.
Smooth and easy service.
Highly recommended.

Great service.
I received a phone call the day before and again about 10 minutes before the shuttle arrived.
Enjoyed a friendly ride to the airport.
I have used Super Shuttle several times.
Each time it has been a joy.
I have had no problems with the pick up nor on the return trips.
After landing, I go to the designated place and usually find the service representative right away.
The longest time I had to wait was 10 minutes for a van.
Love the online system.
Quick and easy.
I would strongly recommend the service.
Takes the worry out of getting to and from the airport.

i always use supershuttle to take me to sky harbor airport in phoenix!
i always stay in gilbert, and it's quite a ways from the airport.
i don't want to ask anyone else to take me there.
i've been using this service for many years ~ several times a year!
always awesome drivers.
always prompt.
always there for me!

Great price and everything went as planned.
Great service!

Have used this numerous times and always prompt - way easier than driving and parking on my own.
Highly recommend this service      #Supershuttlewin

My shuttle driver on 3/16 from the 3 Palms hotel to PHX was great.
He arrived within the designated window (6:45am) and was very professional and amiable.
The ride was short and pleasant.
I regretted not having any cash to tip him so I wanted to make sure I gave a good review.
He reminded me of why I should consider using Yelp more often.

This was my first time traveling alone and using a shuttle.
The Supershuttle staff (both women) were helpful, friendly and knowledgable.
I got to my destination just as planned with not problems.
I would recommend this for anyone.

Very reliable.
Friendly drivers.
Reasonable price.
Wish they serviced my house in the Philadelphia area.
The guy at the curb at the Phoenix airport (I forget his name) is awesome!

While riding the Supershuttle from the airport to Sun City West I realized how we not only judge people by how they look but also by movies.
I sat next to this guy who upon first sight made me uneasy.
Now I don't know this stranger he could be a big humanitarian but riding in a silent van next to someone who looks like Javier Bardem, the villain from No Country for Old Men, my mind can't help but wonder when he's gonna pull out the captive bolt pistol and murder us all.
The Good: Relatively inexpensive way to get from point a to b without hassling friends, family or hitchiking.
Easy to pay online and directions to pickup location were understandable, and close to baggage claim.
The Bad: Loud whining coming from the rear of the van.
If you have em, turn the hearing aids down for sure.
If you have a dog it may not respond to you in a few days.
The Ugly: Potentially the person sitting next to you.
Do yourself and everyone a favor and wear deodorant or at least spray yourself with something nice.
I'd take bug spray at this point.

The driver was nice but took way too long to get to my drop off (1 1/2 hours).
Not worth it....

I booked super shuttle for a ride to the airport.
I found a $2 off coupon which they honored  The driver showed up on time and was very friendly.
He helped me with my bags and offered me cold water for the drive.
Highly recommend.

This was the second time I have used there service I did not waited too long at the airport and pickup was right at the dot.
Recommended

Easy to book online.
Driver on time, helpful and cheerful...but not overbering at 4am, ha.
Couple of stops and he let me know what number we had left and expected arrival at the airport.
Van clean but deoderizer or air freshener was to strong.
Played great classic rock station, helped with bags and was great.
Also, my hotel got a discount in Mesa, so, win!

Absolutely fantastic and I'm recommending them to everyone I know who needs a ride to or from the airport!
I made a reservation online and I also have a discount code.
One trip from Scottsdale to the PHX skyharbor airport only costs $18!
They said they'd be there to pick me up between 11:45am and noon and they showed up at 11:43am.
I had plenty of time to catch my 2:00pm domestic flight.
Just a note, if you are at a hotel, they offer preferred rates so it might be cheaper than a pick up at a home.
However, if you're at a hotel, it's a standard preferred rate per passenger.
If you are being pick up at a home, it's the reg rate for the first person and each additional person is $7 or so.
So figure out the cheapest rate for a group pickup or individual ride.

Great service and fairly inexpensive to the others.
And everything Ashley B said.
I agree!

The driver was courteous and friendly and the trip from the airport was quick and convenient.
I will definitely use SuperShuttle again!
The price of the trip was reasonable and much less expensive than a taxi.
The wait at the airport for the shuttle was less than 10 minutes and the curbside attendant was friendly and helpful.

I normally rent a car when visiting PHX but only needed airport transit so I took a chance on SuperShuttle.
When I arrived at PHX I got a text telling me where to go, there was a representative there to greet me and then 5 minutes later the van pulled up - a lot faster service than I was expecting.
On the way back to the airport, I was nervous that the driver would be late or possibly even not show at all (I've had problems like that with taxis) but he was 10 minutes early, so I had plenty of time and it got my day off to a great start.
I'll definitely use them again.

Schedule pick up in advance, get picked up 30 minutes late every time.
If you're looking for something reliable with time, this probably isn't the best option.
Employees are nice, which helps.

After reading some negative Yelp reviews, with some trepidation, I booked online from Sky Harbor airport to my West Valley destination.
When I arrived at the super shuttle stop, people were just climbing into a van going in the direction in which I needed to go, but the driver told the dispatcher he had a pickup at another terminal and couldn't take me.
The dispatcher told me it would be a 10-12 min wait time and gave me the number of the next shuttle.
I received a text with the same info and I resigned myself to transportation hell.
To my amazement, within 5 minutes, the correct shuttle arrived with 3 passengers inside.
The driver hopped out, greeted me by name, took my suitcase and stowed it in the back of the van.
I had the large 2nd seat to myself and truly in not much more time than it would have taken me to drive, I was at my destination, with only 1 drop off before mine.
Bob was cheerful, courteous --asking if I was getting enough air conditioning--and a good driver.
The last was especially important to me because earlier in the week I was t-boned at an intersection and am still a bit shaken up, which was why I decided to use a shuttle instead of renting a car.
Thanks, Bob, for a really positive experience!

I used the Yelp discount and it was a cheap ride to the airport from my home.
I was the only one on the van and the driver arrived 5 minutes early.
He was friendly and I got to the airport in plenty of time.
I would highly recommend Super Shuttle.
The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the call center's line for tracking your van was not working, so I had no idea if my van was on its way, and I'm kind of a control freak so knowing where it is is very important for me!

I use them very often, great service, great way of saving money and stress free!

The staff are always helpful and professional.
I have used this service twice from Phoenix, to my home and I love that I can sit back and relax and let someone else do the driving.

Super shuttle has always been a great experience.
Courteous and professional drivers.
Always on time or early and an all around reliable, reasonably priced and easy to use transportation service.

Easy to schedule online.
Received confirmation online as well as a confirmation the day before my pick-up date.
Driver did text me 5 minutes before my arrival pick-up and was friendly.
The worst part was the driver wasn't familiar with the route to pick-up the third passenger, he decided to take 19th Ave from Bell rd strait down to Thomas Rd.
I had mentioned their was construction going on from the light rail, and if anybody who drives in Arizona would know this.
He then proceeded to drive into the light rail construction, discussing the politics and the process of the light rail with another passenger.
He and the other passenger were just reminiscing about how it would benefit the state, comparing it to other cities as well.
The driver clearly was not paying attention to drove straight down 19th ave for several miles, until he had had enough and took a detour.
The driver then started to continue to  discuss politics on the immigration status in Arizona with the another passenger, very unprofessional to myself, due to the fact that I am Hispanic and the other passengers as well.
Due to the scenic route the driver decided to take, I missed my flight and was on standby for six hours, and the other passengers barely made it to the airport, within half an hour of their flight.
Still waiting for my refund!

