TASTY!!!!
They have great tasting pizza.
They pack your pizza full of cheese and it just melts in your mouth.
The pizza sauce is also very tasty.

Very good- I like getting the white pizza on half and another flavor- like the special(like supreme) or the spicy chicken if you like hotter sauces....quick for takeout too!

Decent pizza.
We get the lunch special, and sometimes the cheese is a little glossy and they have a tendency to stack the slices one on top of the other.
The slices are huge!

Love this location, my family and I have movie night every week and we always order pizza from here, ive never had a problem with anything, the wings are good,the mozzarella stickes are yummy with their marinara sauce, the veggie pizza is amazing!
I love the cheese,the pepperoni,everything really and its quick for pick-up always 15-20 mins and is always ready when I get there!

I guess I must have gone here on a bad day.
I saw so many good reviews of this place so I just had to give it a try.
We ordered a large Barro's Special (basically everything minus the green peppers) and the pizza was large and full of toppings.
The sausage, ham and pepperoni were all very tasty.
The sauce average and the cheese very minimal with little flavor.
The pizza itself was over-greasy.
Now I know good pizza should be a little greasy, but this was soggy-greasy.
So wet and oily you couldn't even pick up a slice.
It was just limp with wetness.
I did see the lunch specials and they seemed to be a good value, but I'm not sure how soon we'll be going back after this experience.

We ordered pizza last night which is rare for us because delivery has become such a let down in the last few years, but I was feeling lazy and pizza sound delicious so we ordered from Barros and I was really impressed.
There are an amazing about of toppings I couldn't believe how heavy the box was when he handed me the pizza.
My only complaint is even with the vegetarian it's a bit greasy, but that's a personal preference I prefer my pizza be fairly grease free.
The delivery guy was less then happy, he seemed nice just like he might have been having a bad night, but was nothing but polite which is all I'm really looking for.
And when calling to order it they were very pleasant as well.
Took care of everything without fuss.

Scrumdillyumptious!

I really love thus pizza best of all!
The meat lovers is my favorite for a regular day.
When we are in the mood for some spicy...
The southwestern chicken pizza is insane good!
The boneless chicken wings are awesome.
Me being very picky with chicken I think these are hands down better than buffalo wild wings for sure.
If your in the mood for pizza thus is the place to eat!!

They delivered fast, the food was piping hot and delicious.
Prices are decent.
I will definitely go back.

I'm a pizza snob admitting that there is very good "Chicago" style pizza out here in Arizona.
I thought only New York style pizza could be tasty, but this place knows what it's doing.
The price on their lunch specials, seriously?
Salad, slice, and a drink for $4.25.
I eat lunch there all the time; you can't beat the quality for the price.
This is one my favorite places for pizza and wings, whether it be lunch or dinner.
Everything taste fresher, and of a higher quality than compared to the chains.
Staff is always friendly and does a good job.

Love Barros pizza.
I've eaten at a couple of different locations and it was really good.

A good spot for pizza on my cheat day!
Its good, numerous options, even a decent salad bar!
Cons: All those calories and make sure you specify clearly wether you want regular crust (thick) or thin crust.
Somehow they got that wrong for me (but they did fix it)

Pizza here at Barros is very tasty, and the wings are crisp and saucy, i got the wings medium this time, but the hot ones are very good too...we usually get the salad bar as well.. We haven't really tried any of their pastas or other items, but, we have eaten at many of the Barros locations over the past 20 years.
And they've always been good.

Consistently great pizza and wings!

Hands down best hand tossed pizza anywhere!
Great and tssty pepperoni and Italian Sausage, fresh garlic, and many fresh veggie toppings.
Many toppings to choose from so your favorite is probably here.
Their crust is also excellent!
Like crispy fresh loaf of bread.
Only place where I never have any leftover crust.
Nice salad bar.
Sandwiches good, Chicken strips okay ( changed about a year ago  from excellent ones).
Lunch is also a strength here as you can order fresh slices in combos with the salad bar and drinks all for 2.50 to 4.75, along with regular menu.
Also has good pasta.
Family run chain that definitely does it right!

It's funny how one bad day and rude service can take a place down several notches.
I ordered here last week and recieced two burnt pizzas.
This was a first as I have never called them to complain about any minor mishaps..oops you put onion on my salad I can take it off...two burnt pizzas wouldn't have promted a poor review either but poor service has done just that.
I called to explain the situation.
I was told that I should speak to a manager.
I again explained that not just the gluten free but both crusts were burned to the point that each bite was pretty groce.
It tasted like the bottom was charred because it was.
The manager said that he was sorry and that he actually checks pizzas before they go out.
In his defense he offered to send two new pizzas out.
I told him that there was no time as I had ordered these for a meeting and needed to leave again.
He said that he was sorry and that hopefully next time it would be better.
I was offended and irritated by his nonchalant attitude and won't be ordering from this location again.
Btw I will be sure to write raving reviews for my fav Barros in the valley consistently superior service!

AMAZING!
Best pizza I've had in the west valley.
BBQ Chicken is amazing and their bread sticks are the best.

Lunch special is the shit!!
2 slices of petezer, and a salad for like 6 bucks, you can't go wrong.

Good pizza.
Love the two large, one topping pizza special.
WAY better than the national chain pizzas.

Great pizza, smiling faces at the counter and fresh ingredients!
I have only dined from delivery or take out, however the excellent customer service was very evident.
Thanks Barro's!

Barros has ben my go to place for a long time!
Pizza and wings there are sooo, so good.
I generally go for a pepporoni and meatball and they are ubeatable..
Honestly, the wings tho are super expensive and not worth it.
Stick with the pizza, cant miss..
The hot wings are awesome (get the hottest they got and you shouldnt be dissapointed)... Just overpricred big time wing wise

