Costco, Costco, Costco...  people always ask which warehouse club to belong to.
I have been a member of Costco since before I was married.
I still remember it as Price Club!
I always thought it was so cool that at the checkout one person would read the numbers and the other would enter it in.
Ahh..the days before bar codes!
Costco has things that Sam's Club does not.
I feel that their bakery is superior.
I also like their meats a little better.
Costco has more of their brand items as well.
They offer 3 types of membership- business, gold key and executive.
I have seen them raise their prices over the past 5 years.
We are on a membership with my family and business and our executive membership pays for itself as well as a few other memberships.
Costco has coupon books throughout the year that can give you even better deals on items.
I also know that if you are looking for a deal, to notice in the price if the last number is a "7".
I have found air freshners on clearance for $3.97, as well as other items for a great deal.
Their cafe has changed little over the years.
We really like their food- except for their non-fat yogurt.
It tastes like marshmallow fluff to me.
In addition, check out Costco's website.
They have deals there that they do not have in their stores.
My sister got her wedding invitations at a great deal online.
Their travel section is pretty good too.
Not great, but getting there.

By and large, I love this Costco location.
The bakery staff are friendly and handle special requests with aplomb, the selection of products is great, and all the photo lab technicians are top notch.
They also always have great looking cuts of meat at the butcher shop.
Being located just off the freeway also means it's easy to get to from almost anywhere in the East Valley.
My only gripe is that the members only gas station is hardly cheaper (only a couple cents) than local stations.
Gas prices at the Gilbert Costco are much lower than the Chandler Costco, despite chain gas station prices being similar near both stores.

Love this place and love the samples.
I try not to go to often because I spend way to much money.

Whats not to love about Costco?
Costco is the Target to Sam's Club's Walmart.
It's just cleaner and has a better feel.
The people are always helpful and if they don't have something you want, suggest it...they might order it for you.
The "Kirkland" brand is Costco's "house" brand.
The products are always of high quality.
They have an Excellent dog food  (Better than Iams).
Best of all if there is something you don't like...they will take it back without any issues.
If you're REALLY smart, you will get a business license from the state, and sign up for the Business Amex ... 5% cash back on gas!!
During the high prices, I was saving over $0.15 per gallon!!

I'm here almost every weekend, stocking up on Arrowhead water, artisanal cheeses, Kirkland multi-purpose no-rub contact lens solutions, awesome gift certificates, Coach's special oatmeal, biodegradeable lavender-scented clothing detergents, and those rotisserie chickens my Mom loves so much!
Once in awhile, I lose my sunglasses, so I replace them w/ a quick stop at the optical.
Don't let the employees talk you into thinking Costco doesn't re-pack and sell previously-used items.
I've assembled a shoe-tree that had scuffmarks, opened up 42-inch HDTVs w/ footstands already bolted (usually they come unattached), and even pulled out a charger, w/ what looked like dried-up baby-milk vomit on it, from a sealed GPS system package!
But, you've got to embrace the bad w/ the good, right?
So far, the good outweigh the bad.
ATTENTION DirecTV customers: Should you need more than the one complimentary HD DVR you get at sign-up, you may purchase extra sets here for $30 less each than buying directly.
If you're looking for new wireless phones and services, stop at the wireless kiosk and have a look around.
I wish there were more options to choose from (usually one phone model per carrier.
Boo!
), but at least when you do find one you like, you won't have to pay extra for a travel charger or a phone case.

We go here at least once a month.
It seems economical but I think I spend more money here than anywhere else.
But I do use most things.
Umm..Most.
This particular Costco is fairly new.
Maybe opened around 2005.
We just bought a memory foam mattress from here and they also had a coupon in their "coupons" flyer for a $100 off.
It was a great buy considering we would have paid twice what we spent here at a roomstore or ashley furniture for a simple mattress much less a memory foam mattress.
The mattress fit fine in our 2007 camry in the backseat.
It comes on rollers.
We love the little samples they give out but have rarely purchased what they are advertising, except for the Mango Nectar.
Yumm...  We really like the Kirkland papertowels.
I like them better than Bounty.
Also their Hummus is awesome.
They also have fresh Medjool dates for 6 months out of the year.
More towards the warmer months of the year.
They come from California and are much cheaper than most other places.
I prefer not to get their fruit and veggies there because it is too much and it mostly goes bad before i get to it.
Word is that they import their lamb directly from Australia and it is halal.
Although I have never returned anything yet at Costco, I do like their return policy.
They do take "anything" back.
I have seen people returning watermelons e.t.c before.
I prefer Costco over Sam's Club because of its organization and cleanliness.
The employees are friendly and helpful once you can find one.
From what I understand Costco pays their employess $20 an hour!!!
They all look very professional.

Oh Costco - how I dread going to thee on a Sunday afternoon.
Those big carts + samples + families shopping with their children = me wanting to run your customers and their little children's toes over!
But, alas, it's not your fault entirely....so therefore, I like you quite a bit.
Enough to shop on a Sunday afternoon.
See, I don't eat a large variety of foods, so the things I do eat, I eat almost every day.
Like most things Kashi - Waffles (they're baaack!
), Go Lean and Rolls bars are all available in bulk.
And then there's my raisins and peanuts and Skinny Cow icecream bars.
Oh!
And Jarlesburg light swiss cheese!
I like that they have healthy items.
Despite it always being packed on Sundays, the long lines aren't really that long and the employees are friendly for having to deal with all those people.
Me likey.
Oh!
And that pizza and frozen yogurt!
Yum!
P.S.
- If you're one of those people that leaves your cart next to your car or shoved up on the curb.....stop it.
It makes you look lazy.

Costco is truely an amazing store.
Great prices, great products and great customer support.
I was leaving the store last week and as always they checked my receipt and cart to make sure all was good.
They noticed that I was charged for 2 bottles of Kettle One, but I only bought one.
They quickly called another employee who promptly brought me the money they overcharged me.
Go Costco!

Great place, great prices, what's not to love?
I just got my christmas tree from them and it was a good deal.
I'm there atleast once a month stocking up on stuff.

I like variety in life, to get the variety I crave I visits Costcos other than the one that is a mile from my house.
This is what brought me to Candler today.
As costcos go this one can get quite busy on the weekends, its proximity to a major mall, and two highways make it a popular destination.
The item selection here is pretty standard with a few nicer liquors on occasion.
I love most things Costco, so I will focus on what makes this a less than perfect Costco.
The gas station entrance is a bit odd, as you must snake through the parking lot.
Moreover, the food court table layout is terrible, long rows with little space in-between; it is anything but private dining.
I also am bothered by the fact they often have garbage blocking the suggestion box, I wonder if this is an attempt to discourage suggestions.
This location is relatively new so the store layout is the new entrance on the left exit on the right.

04/15/10  We usually go here for our stocking needs- jumbo bottles of multivitamins (for visiting relatives to take back home), lotions, and shampoo/conditioners; multi-packs of contact lens solutions, disinfecting cloths, and scratch-free scrub pads; fragrance-free clothing detergents and lavender-scented fabric softeners, BOTH biodegradeable; and 36-bottle cases of both Kirkland (Costco brand) drinking and Arrowhead natural spring water.
Let's not forget those $100 gift cards that go for $80!
I usually do my organic food shopping at Whole Foods and other natural food stores, and it's nice to know that Costco sometimes offers organic items, such as pastas, veggies, and fruits (strawberries and apples, to name a few).
Lately, I've had good luck procuring large organic Red Delicious apples.
That is, until yesterday.
As you can see from the photos, this batch had a very rotten apple.
I found maybe a total of four- this was the worst one.
I initially meant to return the batch and complain, but decided not to bother and just throw them out.
I just hope that future purchases would mirror the good luck I've had in the past.
--- 06/25/10  Update:  I've bought at least a couple 8-lb.
bags since, and I'm happy to report none of them were rotten!

I would be a fan, if I could have a FREE membership!
hahaha.
Yes, as any other, this works better for large families, so I was happy to walk around with my friend and her membership card.
Some things are worth, but some you can get better deals in the stores you all know.
Clean alleys, a cheap berry smoothie (and not tooo sweet!).
My temptation?
Brookside pomegranate dark chocolate!!
You have to try it!
only sold in Costco!

never missed this place!
always find a great one with a great price!

Who doesn't like Costco?
I can only see two drawbacks.
One - do NOT go on a weekend.
It is crazy unless you go when it opens and get outta there quick.
Two - you only have two people in your household so you don't really need a 20 lb bag of broccoli or a whole box of strawberries or tangerines.
Other than that it's a great place to stock up.
They have great deals on most frozen foods (try the all natural fish sticks).
Great deals on bottled water and cases of soda too.
If you buy a giant pack of Q-tips you won't run out for years!!
I love the "Wipe and Clean" individually wrapped cleaners for your glasses.
They come in a giant box of either 200 or 300 and last for at least six months.
They have good deals on books, DVDs, CDs, boxes and bags of snack foods like Doritos and Sun Chips, pretzels and microwave popcorn.
The bakery has some good stuff too.
I don't typically buy meat here because I do not have a large family nor do I have occasion to feed many people.
I hear the meat department is quite good though.
And Costco usually has the cheapest gas around too.
It's usually almost 10 cents cheaper then the closest gas station to me and I can stop by Costco on my way home from work.
Now if you're shopping and you require a snack, hit the snack bar.
Pizza by the slice, hot dogs, and these yummy things they call chicken bakes are pretty inexpensive.
So where else can you stock up, get cheap gas and get a snack for cheap?
Costco!
It's worth the membership and that membership gets you other perks too.
They send coupons in the mail every month.
If you don't have a card, you should get one and check it out.
I believe they only accept Amex cards but they do accept debit cards and cash of course.

I am happy to report that I love Costco.
They have a terrific return policy, they have a great selection of foods (lots of specialty foods already made) and have great stuff for parties, good prices on most stuff, nice flowers, and terrific hors d'oeuvres on Saturday and Sunday.
Membership is well worth it especially when you wanna buy electronics and return X Boxes for the newest version   :O

Shop wisely, or you will walk out with a $500 receipt.
We get our big bulk stuff here like vitamins, protein, etc.
They also have a pretty good selection of meats if you are a big griller.
The running joke is "Who really needs a gallon of mayo?

Been here few Saturdays for their brunch aka samples.
It seems like this Costco serves larger portions.
Anyways, I usually go around twice so I won't miss anything.
Last week I had chicken linguini, orange chicken, lemon chicken, egg whites, chips and dip, salmon on a cracker, and chex mix.
dessert was a mix of chocolates and cherry almond crunch.
To top it off I paid $1.50 for their hot dog and fountain drink special they always have.
I wish they would carry more computer components.
Like hard drives and Ram, but it's no problem because they make it up everywhere else.
I love the Costco pistachios, I think it's $14.99 for a huge bag.
I'm already half way through.
We've been buying Kirkland brands for a while now and have no problems at all.
Especially their paper towels which are 5 bucks cheaper than bounty and each roll feels like it lasts for a month.
The one thing I really like about this location is even on the weekends they're not crowded.
Their aisles are spacious and customer service is good.
Overall a great place to hangout and browse for crap you don't need.
Or in my bro-in-laws case bring my nephew here instead of taking him to monkey joes or chuckee cheeses.

I wish it was free to shop here because they have everything under the sun and in bulk!

This rating is on their new SELF CHECKOUT.
I have been a shopper and avid Costco enthusiast since it's days as Price Club.
I love the place!
BUT... recently my Costco put in self check which is ridiculous!
It takes you longer to scan each item.
Longer to wait in the self check line and longer to get through the door audit!
I have tried it several times because I thought maybe it was my fault but after doing everything right - it is still inconvenient and slow.

Love Costco.
All of them.

This Costco has a toasted turkey, provolone pesto sandwich on the menu for $3.99...
VERY good sandwich.
The croud can be pretty thick at lunch time from all the people trying to get free samples, so I recommend going during the week or later on the weekends (after lunch).

This is probably obvious to everyone, but this is a membership club.
You have to pay the annual fee to shop here.
And they only accept ONE credit card (American Express).
The really cool thing is you can get an AMEX card for free through Costco, and it serves as your membership card too!
Plus the cash-back bonus you get every year.
This particular store features "self scan".
Self scan is really cool.
You get a hand scanner, and as you shop you scan the items.
When you get to the register you hand over the scanner, they feed the data into their system, and you swipe your card.
That's it.
Then you just walk on out.
Costco tends to feature better quality stuff at decent prices.
Walmart may beat them on price sometimes, but the quality is never as good.
And Costco often will win the price war in any event.
You can get computers, cameras, outdoor stuff (tents, sport chairs, etc), small appliances, canned/packaged foods, fresh foods (bakery, ready-to-bake prepared foods, etc), and even optical and pharmacy.
All at prices at, or below, everyone else's.
The only bummer (sometimes) is that you have to buy in bulk.
You can't buy one onion.
You have to buy the 10 lb bag of onions.
But for a lot of stuff that isn't a problem (e.g.
3 lb package of butter, large blocks of mozzarella, big loaves of bread, etc).
Oh...and they have a car buying program, and a travel agency, both of which can get you nice discounts.
We even had our car and home insurance through Costco until our employer offered us a better deal.
Except for that, Costco beat all comers every time we shopped insurance.
The little green lizard was road-kill.
No contest.
We've been members for several years, and have overall been very happy with the products and services we get here.

I'm a HUGE fan of Costco.
Recently I've started using their pharmacy.
I have monthly thyroid meds I've been paying $8.99 at the grocery store for, well Costco did it up for a 3 month supply at $11.99!!
Now this Costco has something NO other Costco has.
They are the country's test store for a self check out process.
It's pretty cool and easy to use with someone standing right there to walk you thru it.
Basically you scan your Costco card and then get a hand held machine to scan all your buys with.
They even thought ahead to put a holder for the machine on all the grocery carts.
Theres a dedicated are for you to check out (much quicker).
The only downside to the process is theres no boxes nearby to make carrying your stuff into the house.

This is a good place to shop if you have a big family, or if you're throwing a party.
They have plenty of food choices.
The food there is very inexpensive.
You can't really complain about $1.50 for a hotdog + drink.
Check-out is a breeze if you decide to use the self-scan system.

me likey Costco!
I recently found out that we spent almost 4K there last year alone!
Holy cow!
What the hell did we buy??
Okay, actually it was the furniture and the bed and tires and food and the list goes on... so I recently upgraded to Executive to see if that pays off with a year-end percentage cash-back of this year's spending (fingers crossed!)...
yeah, I know that means I would have to spend more.. but it's nice that they carry a lot of what I buy regularly: Organic eggs and Organic produce, big ol crates of berries, TP, various environmentally-friendly household cleaners, etc... and gum!
God knows I love my gum!
They also now carry Wild Planet Albacore Tuna!
Same can but waaay cheaper in bulk than Whole Foods - yay!
I find the best time to shop is .. there is no best time.. it is a busy place but since I'm not buying for an army (yet), I don't have a problem running in, grabbing my stuff (maybe do a little window shopping in the kitchen appliance or jewelry section) and getting out quickly using that cool little digital scanner checkout they have only at this place - yay!
Parking sucks.. be ready to walk... oh and receipt review line can be long, so don't put your receipt away too soon.

Great selection, great prices.
Great deli.

I love Costco but if you buy a bicycle, double check the assembly.
I bought two in a year period and both had issues.
First bike had pedals on wrong sides which stripped the threads and came out during a ride.
Costco replaced and has a great return policy.
Second bike bought had the fork backwards.
Not something you initially catch until you ride and the tire turns close.
I fixed myself and sent Costco a note that their assembly guy was putting their store at some liability.
No response no concern, odd for Costco.

Self scanning place is in system, just grab a hand held scanner and go about your shopping scanning things as you put them in your cart.
At the end, you just go to the self checkout and pay!
How easy is that.
Most of us already know what to expect from a Costco but here are a few things I enjoy whenever I go shopping:  *extra large rotisserie cooked chickens for $5, very cheap dinner *Life size teddy bears for $30!
*Free samples!
Come in the afternoon for these *Jumbo quantity size vitamins, their quality is excellent  *Movie tickets 2 for $16, save a few bucks *30 bottles of water for $3.50, remember to recycle!
*Their cakes and bakery is awesome *Their snack bar is so good.
Honestly their pizza is better than some of these restaurants on Yelp that specialize in pizza.
Ridiculously x-large for only $10 and the very berry smoothie is really good as well as the berry sundae.

Costco... yup!

Awesome warehouse conveniently located at the junction of Loop 101 & Loop 202 south of the Chandler Fashion Center.
Shopping here is always good, many samples usually available, and employees are always very helpful & friendly.
I love coming here for the restaurant because you can't beat lunch of a hot dog & soda for $1.50.
Plus the restaurant has several other delicious items to choose & the hot dogs are some of the best anywhere.
Just remember Costco Wholesale only takes cash, checks, debit, & American Express.
No other credit cards.

Wow, Costco has self checkout now.
At least this one does.
Love it!

Great prices and great place!
Very good repuation.

I've always liked Costco, yet after countless years of long lines - the thrill was/is gone.
I'm definitely not a do-it-yourself person (the more I do, the fewer employees they need,) but since my daughter came to visit, we gave the self scanning system a try.
All went well (or so we thought) and we made a bee line for the exit.
Okay, you know those pesky people who check your receipt with perfunctory enthusiasm?
Well this woman, counted, recounted and counted again.
Something was wrong, but she didnt' know what.
My daughter looked at the receipt and discovered in our haste, we had "double-charged" ourselves.
All the time saved with self-check was eaten up waiting for a refund!
While scanning seems the easy way to go - be careful!
And those "pesky" door monitors?
Glad she was there that day!

Good warehouse club store.
The verdict is still out but, I may prefer the layout and selection of "the other" mondo club store but, this one is in a more convenient location for me.
Best tip I can give you is, don't go to any warehouse club store on the weekend - unless you enjoy insane crowds and long lines.

I love Costco, I have for many years but it is not some place I would typically choose to write a yelp review about because I think everybody knows what they are getting when they go to one of hear of it; a high quantity of an item for a pretty good savings, and a few taste tests of items while you walk around.
Now however Costco has a new tool to make them even better.
The biggest problem with Costco has always been the crowds and lines a check out.
Well they have no figured out a way to alleviate that by letting you use your membership card to check out a portable scanner that slides into a nice litte mount on your cart.
You scan your items as you add them into your cart and then when you are ready to leave you head to the self checkout it totals your cart and you pay, then you are all done.
No waiting in line to hoist 30 packs of Monster or 100 rolls of toilet paper onto the check out conveyor.
This time saver has fixed the problem of long check out lines making Costco even better.
Now if they could just stop with the silly receipt checks at the door on the way out and teach people in the parking lot how to drive they would be all set.

Although this Costco can get very busy during weekends and peak hours, I consider it to be my favorite.
Mostly because it is the only one I know that offers the pre-scan quick checkout option... all done by yourself with a cool little scanner that slips into a holster on your shopping cart handle.
Here are the other things I love about Costco:  *Enteric coated fish oil caplets - No fishy burps!
These dissolve in your small intestine.
*Massive quantities of paper products - For those who hate running out of these and getting nickel'd and dime'd at your local supermarket, this is key.
Bulk sales of buttwipe, I repeat, is KEY!
*Great optical department - Decent selection of frames.
Great prices on prescription lenses.
Cheap glasses cleaning kits and FREE refills of cleaning solution!
*Cheap prices on name-brand booze - Go ahead and compare the prices of your favorite glugger (1.75 L) of liquor and you'll become a believer.
*Whole bean coffee for less - This is where I stock up for a caffeine-demanding workweek!
*Righteous blocks of reasonably priced cheese - Tillamook Extra Sharp Cheddar (2 lb.
brick) is $5-7 cheaper than what you'll find in any regional supermarkets.
So for the love of all that is holy--booze, cheese, asspaper--you owe it to yourself to shop at Costco and save yourself a wad of cash by buying in bulk!

What is there  not to love about Costco..
Wish they would come to Casa Grande.
Great products, super prices, fast checkout, friendly and helpful employees... etc etc etc.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I learned recently from a graduate student friend, important information that could prove very valuable to non-Costco members.
Costco employees confirmed this during my most recent visit.
YOU DO NOT HAVE TO BE A COSTCO MEMBER TO BUY COSTCO BOOZE!
Same goes for those who want to buy Costco Pharmacy items and Costco Concession items.
I don't know if this is based on Arizona or federal laws, but considering the competitiveness in their pricing (e.g.
KetelOne 1.75L vodka at Costco sells for about $30 whereas in most supermarkets it goes for around $50 bucks!
), this little tidbit may save you some cash-money!
A shout-out to grad students everywhere who really know how to sniff out free grub (according to the ancient aphorism "If it's gratis, grab it!
) and really stretch that student stipend dollar!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I really (really) love Costco.
This location in particular.
I usually come during the week with the kids when it's not crowded to shop.
And on weekends for the samples :)  The store is huge, clean, and well organized.
I love that they carry a large variety of organic and non-GMO products.
I find that those products in particular are a steal!
They consistently have great prices on produce as well.
Customer service is over the top!
I think this company is genius because they get that you really can do simple little things that make the difference in the shopping experience.
When we leave the store, the associate always (always!
) Draws a cute pic on the back of the receipt.
Something totally simple and my kids LOVE it.
And they give away free cookies to the kids at the bakery (however I learned this weekend not all locations do this...*cough*Tempe*cough*).
They also have the U scan here.
Seriously you never have to wait in line ever!
You can just scan your stuff as you shop.
Then there is a seperate U scan check out when the associate scans your device and you pay.
So fast and easy.
Thank God this is my neighborhood location because it's the best Costco I've ever been to.

I love Costco!
I'm not even a member here and I love coming (don't worry, I always come with members).
It's busy on weekends (as expected) but slower on weeknights.
Staff are friendly, food/drinks are cheap and I always spend way too much money here!
On a side note, my boyfriend and I just bought our bedroom furniture set here and we are super impressed with the quality and price.
Furniture stores are charging double or even triple what we paid for and we are completely happy with our purchase!
I also like to browse Costco online to see what's not in store.
So, I will happily keep returning, even if it's not this exact location!

One Costco to the next, there is usually little difference.
This club has self checkout.
Scan your card and grab a hand held.
After over 1 year, they are still fine tuning it.
I asked if it will ever be expanded and was told not until the bugs are out.
It has some issues on a daily basis.
Some of which I have experienced.
The system will go down and your entire basket has to be rescanned, or it will just not recognize something when you scan it.
If they ever get the bugs worked out, self check out is fantastic feature.

This is the fancy Costco.
Well, nicer than the one on Elliot because it's newer.
This one also has a few items that other ones don't have like Hail Mary's vegan chocolate tartlettes, which are so delicious.

the parking lot is always so crowded and hectic.. but i like getting a few groceries here.. the gas is always cheaper here too

In and out.
Only spent $16.
That was the cheapest and fastest Costco visit ever.
Perfect!

Love the electronic devices.
Scan items as you are shopping, helps reduce check out wait.
Enjoy all the available samples.
Periodic coupons are a plus too.

We always have a great experience here and it's great to see the same smiling faces address you.
Everyone we deal with has a great attitude.
It's clean.
Just love Costco.
They also have a great return policy, the handful of times I've had to return anything over the years.
They make it very easy to deal with them.

I wish there was an option to give a zero star rating.
It was my first time attempting to use the optical department at Costco, and to say I am extremely disappointed would be an understatement.
I had a prescription for contacts and wanted to use a Costco coupon for my order.
The man assisting me told me I couldn't use my prescription for an annual supply since it was written in January and it was May.
I questioned him on this because I know this isn't true, as the prescription expires in January 2015.
He said the only way to order an annual supply at Costco is to bring the prescription in the same day it is written.
Really, Costco?
He said he could price a six month supply and I told him I would order an annual supply online at 1-800 Contacts, which is exactly what I did without any problems.
We were also going to purchase glasses for my husband, but after the contact issue, we went elsewhere, where he bought two pairs of glasses and two pairs of sunglasses.
Poor customer service will cost you business.
So, Costco, here is a picture of my annual contact supply from 1-800 Contacts.
So much for the Costco executive membership satisfaction guarantee.

I absolutely love this costco out of the only two i have been to out here in the past 5 years that Ive lived in this state.
I mean honestly the only real reason I love this one more is because it has self scanning devices that you can scan all the stuff yourself and get out more quickly.
I am not a fan of having to wait in line when I usually only get a very few amount of items at a time and its just so convenient that costco is now providing a faster way to get in and out.
I am patient to an extent but not when it comes to grocery shopping.

I love this costco.
They have remote scanners you take with you while you shop and you scan the merchandise you want to buy while you are shopping.
Then when you are done simply hand the scanner to the guy at the express line, pay and go.
Simple and fast remedy to the all to often long lines at Costco.

First time at this location, the store looked like brand new and very big.
They have these very cool hand-held scanners where you take it with you after you scan your either AMEX or Costco cards and scan your products then put it into your cart.
Once you are ready to check-out, you give your own scanner to the cashier and you pay at a separate check-out stand.
Very easy process and very cool.
It is near Loop-202 and Chandler Blvd.
in Chandler.

We have liked Coatco for many years.
However, we are disappointed that the food quality at this location (Chandler) has gone down hill in recent years.
We have bought frozen lobster tails and jumbo shrimp that turned out to stink after they were thawed.
We had to through them away.
Some meats and vegetables have expired dates on them and are still being sold.
After this past New Years, we bought six pre-packed refrigerated roasted duck legs which we had before and they were good.
But, this time (not realizing that they had expired date when purchased), when I opened them to cook for a dinner party, they stunk so badly when I opened the packets, that I had to move our guests outside!
We ended up going out for dinner!
Just last weekend, I bought a bag of "fresh" asparagus.
They looked firm and green, but not realize that they were nearly frozen from the box.
Next day when I try to use them, they were all rotted.
From now on, we will try to go to different Costcos and see if other branches also have this major problem.

Ok, so I have been buying HP computers from Costco for as long as I rember, at least eight of them.
About four months ago I purchased an HP laptop strictly for work reasons.
What a piece of junk.
I can live with the cheap plastic, etc--- heck, what can you expect for a 700 bucks laptop!
It frequently froze and then began running very hot.
I was going to return it but by the time I got around to it I was two days over the clearly stated policy of ninety days.
Oh well, my fault.
However, the final straw can when the battery died and refused a charge.
I took it to Costco, understandably they were not happy but they actually refunded the entire price.
I spent a few bucks more and purchased a different brand.
They totally could have not done anything but went above and beyond customer service.
I will continue to be a loyal Costco customer!

