I have been a fan of Bella Blue Boutique for about 3 years now.
I met the owner, Vickie, while I was doing some hosting for Sonoran Living on ABC15.
I did a story on the boutique and was so impressed with the customer service and the cute style of clothes that she had.
They were items that you don't see everywhere else, which is why I really like it.
I have been back a couple of times since (I don't live close) and every time I stop by, Vickie is always there with a smile.
There is nothing like owner presence, and I love the fact that she is not trying to sell me everything in the store.
She really wants me to enjoy the experience, and to be totally please with whatever i choose to purchase.
I recommend Bella Blue Boutique to everyone that wants to look like a million bucks, and not look like everybody else.

I recently went into this boutique, and fell in love with it.
Great clothing and accessories!
Its very chic and they have the best jeans!

I've shopped at Bella Blue before and had a poor experience with the quality of their clothing.
Most things I bought fell apart fairly quickly.
Since the merchandise is pricey to begin with I stopped shopping there all together.
I think you can find the same or better quality clothing at Buckle stores for half the price and better customer service.
Recently, though, I had a special occasion and was looking for something unique, but casual, to wear.
I did find a top I really liked (though choked at the price tag) but then realized it had a hole in the sleeve.
Saleswoman still tried to sell it to me, though with a 10% discount.
Seriously?
Why would I spend all that money for a shirt with a hole in it?
And it also reminded me why I stopped shopping in there in the first place- low quality clothing.
And while I appreciate the sales woman's determination in helping me it began to border on harassment.
I honestly felt like I was not getting out of there unless I bought something.
Way too high pressure for me.
Luckily, another customer came in and distracted her and I was able to make my escape!
Lol!

