This place is one of my favorite Chinese places.
The servers and bussers always greet you and are attentive to you.
Their Chicken  & Broccoli is the best ever.
Always perfectly tender in a light white sauce that's creamy and flavorful.
I also like their moo goo gui pan and their chicken lo mein.
Their combination lunches and dinners are great.
You get soup, egg roll, and crab puff, with fried rice and your main dish for cheap.

This is a great Chinese restaurant for sure!
I've eaten here several times.
I'd say my favorite dish is the garlic chicken.
There lunch specials are really good and very cheap.
And they have a full bar.

Finally!
A Chinese restaurant on the west side that's really good!
Understand they've been here a year - on a Saturday night at 6:30pm they were packed - at 7:15pm, they were practically empty.
Now you know when to arrive.
Jo had Asparagas with Chicken and Shrimp, I had Kung Pao Beef...both excellent.
The spring rolls were very tasty.
I'd consider 5 stars except for the waiter - too much of a hurry, put down the spring rolls without sauce or mustard, never asked if we wanted anything.
I watched other waiters and they were much more thorough, so we just caught a poor one.
Go back again?
For sure!

Been here a few times and not by choice either.
Food is not good.
Limited options for kids as well.
The service is slow and overall not worth it.

More like Bad China, I say.
Got take-out.
Kung Pau chicken, curry shrimp, beef brocolli 2 egg rolls.
Kung Pau was 90% celery and the chicken that was there was very very poor; tough, just crappy cuts...awful bland taste too.
The beef brocolli was also bland, and the beef was poor quality...very tough.
The curry shrimp was "ok".
The eggrolls sucked!!
I paid over $30 and will definitely not be back.

Egg drop soup was delish.
Good flavorful food.
Only complaint is that the chicken in my meal, as well as, my wife's seemed to have a lot of fat and tendons.
I prefer my meats trimmed better.
May have been the prep for the day.
Will try again

Had lunch yesterday,delicious.
Very friendly staff and great value

I have to start off I am not a huge fan of Chinese food except the beef on a stick is a favorite of mine.
I met a friend for lunch and just got a appetizer because i wasn't that hunger and of course I got the beef on a stick!
I was really looking forward to it because i hadn't had any for awhile.
It was a sad disappointment....it was chewy with a weird flavor.
I got it down by dipping it in sweet and sour sauce!
That was they only thing i had though.... the service was awesome I will say.
They were fast and always there to help!

We got take out from there the other night and we went on a recommendation by a family member with very good taste and a food fanatic who gives us all the local spots since we just moved here.
Someone must have pissed off the chef that night because we couldn't finish the food.
We got beef  teriyaki on sticks and they tasted strange and weird texture.
We got combo plates and the fried rice was rice with soy sauce nothing else not even a vegetable.
The pork egg foo yung didn't have the pork in it?
It was in the sauce which was soooo salty it was rediculous.
Egg rolls were soaked in grease not crispy and I enjoy my fair share of grease but I couldn't eat it.
Crab Rangoon was like Exxon valdeez same story with chicken in the sweet and sour chicken.....I'm goona try it again but were ordering differently and going to dine in maybe if I get ripped on Mai tais and zombies it will be glorious....I'm dissapointed that they were off their game maybe they were drinking Mai tais....I'm gonna give them a three because the prices were great I'll review after my next visit...

I have gone here three times and been nothing but impressed.
Orange chicken, mongolian beef, salt and pepper shrimp; all wonderful.
The staff is one of the friendliest and most helpful around.

It was ok food, but not the fabulous War Wonton soup that you can find at most chinese restaurants in the valley.
My sister warned me that they nickel and dime you on everything, and they do.
The food was ok and so too were the prices.
I was happy to pay for what I asked for, but it is annoying.
I would prefer they up the plate prices $1 instead of charging for crispy chips with soup.
Seemed to be a language barrier when the guy didn't understand that I also ordered fried wontons, but then we realized he just wasn't paying attention.

The soup (hot and sour) was the highlight of the meal.
Our male server was also very nice and attentive.
I ordered the sesame chicken lunch platter, and the chicken was drenched in a simple syrup sauce about 5 seconds away from being straight sugar.
I absolutely hate sending things back, but I literally could not eat this dish.
I then ordered the Kung Pao chicken, and though slightly better, I would not recommend  it either.
I was really looking forward to good Chinese food after Christmas, but I did not find it here.

Yummy spot.
Went here with the in-laws after some golf.
The hot & sour soup is delicious, as is their sweet & sour combo and chicken lo mein.
My only "complaint" is that the chicken lo mein noodles were spaghetti size and I was really looking for the wide fat egg noodles (chow fun, I guess)...this is most likely an error on my part because I had a hard time hearing the waitress's response to my question and was going by body language and hand gestures.
No matter, it was delicious anyway, the prices are awesome (check out the combo meals) and their iced tea is VERY good and freshly brewed.

Orange Beef, best thing on the menu.
We love this place.
Many a birthday has been spent here.
Great service, very friendly place.

By far one of the best.
The plates are huge and the service was fast.
I will be going back.
Hopefully soon!

Extremely clean restaurant, good location, friendly waiters, fast service, always freshly cooked food.
Prices are great.
You can't find a better Chinese restaurant in the area like Good China!
We are regular customers an often eat here when we are in Northwest Phoenix.

My wife and I hate really salty food, so we can't eat Chinese food very often.
Good China is one of the few Chinese food restaurants that does not make their food to salty to enjoy while still having excellent flavor.
We enjoy the Moo Goo Gai Pan.

Since moving from the east coast to Peoria a couple of years ago, it seemed impossible to find a decent Chinese restaurant...but then we found Good China.
Now, it's not THE best Chinese food I've ever eaten, but certainly the best I've had since moving here.
Restaurant is dimly lit, casual, has reasonable prices, great lunch menu, is clean and nicely updated.
The staff has been great every time I have eaten there.
I have ordered take out on a Saturday evening and it was ready in 15 minutes.
Portions for take out are just as large as when you dine in.
My favorite dishes are chicken lettuce wraps (served warm), spring rolls (crispy and not oily), pork steamed dumplings and mu shu pork, which tastes very authentic and served with thin pancakes.
Very yummy!
We always share an order of pork fried rice, which is probably one of the best I've eaten, and Mongolian beef, which is nice and saucy and best eaten with white rice.
I do find that the food here can tend to be salty, and you will need to make sure you've got something wet to chug a lug, but make sure it's not their tap water!
It tastes like chlorine, every time.
I don't drink soda, so I order iced tea, and I never taste any trace of tap water.
It's our go to Chinese restaurant.

Good food and reasonably priced I just wish they had delivery available.
Had the Sweet and Sour shrimp dinner combo

The food was okay just like every other Chinese restaurant.
The place looked okay on the inside also: clean.
But the thing that bothered me the most was the smell of fish.
Why does it smell like fish?
I don't think they were cooking fish.
The smell grossed me out so much I will never ever go there again

The staff here is also so nice and friendly.
We go just often enough that they recognize us (maybe once a month).
The interior is clean and the food is good, solid chinese food.
Their sweet and sour is excellent and their lunch specials are something to consider.
Well priced and plentiful.
You will NOT leave here hungry!
Be warned: if you are going on a Sunday, the parking can be challenging due to the church in the same complex.

This place is very clean, great decor, and the owners are fantastic!
The Lo Mein and Fried Rice are the best in AZ.
The hot and sour soup and egg drop are both superb.
The pepper steak, orange beef/chicken, Mongolian chicken/beef, chop suey are all perfectly prepared and very reasonably priced.
The pot stickers and egg rolls are great starters.

My wife and I had the family dinner.
The sizzling rice soup alone was worth the trip.
The PooPoo platter was just OK--nothing spectacular, but by the time our entrees arrived we were pretty full.
We had Moo Goo Gai Pan and Orange Beef with Pork fried rice.
All were superlative.
We got a total of 5 meals out of it.
Highly recommended, bring lots of hungry people and don't over-order.
We will be back to explore the.
menu.
Really more like 4-1/2 stars.

Finally decide to pay a visit to this place in Peoria, which is an hour drive for me.
Was not expect to be as good as it seem in my photos.
It actually fill me up very well.
The place is clean with nice interior decoration.
I spent 4 hours there eating 4 dishes and chat with the staff and the owner.
It was a great experience that you don't usually get from Chinese restaurant.
This place is also huge inside.
I like their foods and friendly services.

I got four lunch specials and the egg flower drop soup.
The first course was vegetables with chicken on rice, chicken and broccoli with fried rice, Beef and broccoli with fried rice, and Sesame chicken.
I really enjoyed chicken with vegetables but wasn't happy about the Sesame chicken.
The Sesame chicken had barely any sauce on it had one sesame on one chicken which tasted dry and flavorless due to not having the sauce or sesames on on it I guess.
The soup was okay.
All in all it was okay would of gave 4 stars if the sesame chicken was not just fried balls of chicken.

Worst service, worst food and worst customer service I have ever had.
First my drink order was delivered wrong.
Next my appetizer of BBQ ribs was so over cooked it was like eating leather from the gloves that OJ used to kill his wife.
My wife ordered Kum Pow Scallops and specifically requested that it NOT be spicy.
It came to her as spicy as if she hadn't said a word.
I made the mistake of ordered the sizzling seafood platter.
That dish came out so over done that I could not remove the lobster meat from the shell without it coming out in shreds.
It stuck to the shell like they crazy glued it in.
When I complained I was told that I shouldn't have ordered that, I should have ordered something else.
I was flabbergasted by the waitresses statement.
I informed her that information would have been much more useful before I ordered that mess.
I informed the waitress that I was not interested in eating anymore and requested that it be removed from the table.
I assumed that dish would be removed from my bill since I ate about 2 fork full of it...I assumed wrong.
When the bill came, there was the sizzling seafood platter still listed at almost $16.00.
I complained and asked to speak with the manager.
The manager came over to informed me it was their policy not to remove anything from the bill but to replace it with another item from their menu.
Since both my wife's order, as well as my order was horrible, I decided to skip the possible food poisoning and to merely pay the bill as it was.
I included a tip of ZERO which I clearly spelled out on their bill.
This was without doubt the worst dinning experience I and my wife had ever had at a Chinese restaurant.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
The food, the service and everything about this place was terrible!
I hope to God I do not get food poisoning from what I did ingest.

