Oh the pie who loved me!
Who in their right mind does not love cold stone creamery?.
the only problem I can see is that I can actually hear myself getting fatter.
=-(

Ice cream done my way?
Yes please!
I love cookie dough but don't like Vanilla....and this is the only place I can do that!
The staff is friendly, the lines are never too long and I have yet to have a reason not to come back.
The ONLY issue I have is I would like coupons more frequently.
Will not ding them a star, but worthy of mentioning :)

Could their be a better way to blow through 700+ Calories in one sitting?
Ya, I go "Gotta Have It"!
I constantly see the owner of this one in the store, and it shows!
The staff is very friendly and accommodating.
And, a big one for me - bathrooms are clean!
If you have never tried a take-home cake - might I suggest the Coffee House Crunch ...  you will not be disappointed.

I love Cold Stone.
I was all for it when they first started.
I mean you take ice cream and your favorite candy, and you mix it all together!
Come on people!
I think all of us created Cold Stone in our homes before the store came out.
This is a great location near my home.
It is a good thing and a bad thing.
Good thing for it being close and bad thing for it being close, especially because the wifey loves ice cream.
The staff is great and they also have delicious ice cream cakes.
It may be a little pricey, but nothing beats ice cream in the summer...especially in Arizona.
So give in, make your way to your local Cold Stone Creamery, and enjoy some candy in your ice cream!

Went here for the first time yesterday with my mom around fish.
It was quite busy but we didn't have to wait at all which was nice.
The store is actually a good size and there is a good amount of outdoor/indoor seating.
It was actually really cold inside-or maybe it was the ice cream I ate.
Quite disspointed though from the small amount of ice cream flavors they have compared to other Cold Stones' I have been too.
Other than that the prices are good for me, two small ice creams from $7!

