Dr. Charles David,Associate Director for Internal Medicine  It's tough for most of us to find a good doc.
Especially if you are new in town or or unhappy with your current physician.
With this in mind, may I suggest Dr.  David.
He's smart.
He listens.
He's compassionate.
He won't give you unnecessary tests.
He's board certified in internal medicine.
He will help you stay healthy.
I've never feel rushed - he is willing to spend as much time with me as I feel necessary.
It's a little bit of nuisance to call for an appointment.
You can't just call the office directly but have to go thru Banner's voice mails, prompts/clicks and finally when you get a real person on the phone, it's answered with a "......you have two callers in front of you, please hold"  Other than this minor annoyance, once you have an appointment you should have little or no wait while in the reception area.
I've found everyone in the office prompt, friendly, efficient, smart.
Go see him, you won't be sorry, only healthy and happy.

If Dr. David was still at this practice I would rate it better.
He was an amazing doctor and definitely worth the hassle of going to this office when he was still practicing there.
After he left the staff was so unbelievably rude when they called that I got so flustered I handed my husband the phone.
Making an appointment was always awful and more laborious than it needed to be.
There referral service was the worst part, they auto refer you to doctors on their list without any thought to who they are sending you to.
The hours are also very inconvenient.
I never saw another doctor at this practice so maybe there is another one worth the headache but I am much happier with my new physician and her practice.

Dr. Laura O'Malley is the best doctor I have ever had in my 41 years of living!
She took over for Dr. David after he left.
There are not enough kind words to say about Dr. O'Malley!
She takes her time to listen to you thoroughly.
She is kind, compassionate and caring.
To me, she doesn't see being a doctor as a job or career--she cares!!
And she's as smart as a whip!!
When she says she'll do something, you can always count on her word!
I pray she never leaves.

