We recommend Dr. Amols and the staff at AZ Assoc for Reproductive Health!
We ended up needing an emergency ultrasound on our way out of town over the holidays and they were so kind to squeeze us in (where many others couldn't, since it was so last minute.
) They provided us with the necessary information we needed with our diagnosis!
They also provided us with important phone numbers in case we needed to contact the DR in the event of an emergency - which made us feel so comforted!
Karen, the office manager is also amazing!
She is going far out of her way to help us with insurance benefits.
I am sure many know how rediculous it can be to work with insurance for infertility...and Karen has been SO helpful to assist us with billing and other insurance issues.
They have a great team and would recommend them!

I absolutely love dr amols!
However, not very impressed with his front office at all!
I have received multiple bills several months after treatment and am a cash patient and was told everything is a flat fee per procedure!
It's also so hard to get ahold of them....

When my husband and I were first married, my gynecologist told me that I may have trouble conceiving babies because of a few small problems.
I was a little nervous when she told us, but not too concerned because I was still young and knew I wanted to be a young mom.
We had been trying to have a baby for about a year when I voiced my frustrations with a friend who recommended we see Dr. Amols.
At first, I was hesitant and really just wanted to get an idea of what may be happening and what steps we could take in the future if we still were unable to get pregnant.
Dr. Amols quickly got me started on my labs and testing and we were shocked to find out that my biological clock was ticking much faster and had much less time left than we had expected.
In fact, we were soon concerned that an egg donor may be needed.
Dr. Amols was great at answering our questions and listening to concerns before we started treatment, but we also fully trusted his opinion on what he thought was the best option.
He was great at calming us down and talking to my husband and I on a personal level, not just a doctor to patient appointment.
He even called one weekend from Home Depot to fill us in on the latest lab results.
Because of him, we are excited to be welcoming twin boys in late October and will definitely be going back soon for more kids!
Not only was Dr. Amols friendly and knowledgable, his staff was amazing as well.
When I called to schedule appointments or ask questions, the nurses knew who I was personally and I felt as if I was not just another voice on the phone to them.
I recommend him to anyone whenever I can.
We are grateful that we were put in contact with AZARH and Dr. A.

As an egg donor, I have worked with Dr. Patel on four different cycles.
However, not even the compensation motivates me to ever donate again-- due to my experience here.
Not only does my experience leave a sour taste, but medical records were released without verbal or written authorization.
Karen and Anne continually fail to return my emails and calls regarding why they were released!!
I definitely do not recommend.

Although we liked Dr Patel I have to agree with the other reviews that the front and back office staff have much to be desired.
We overpaid the amount owed his office and even though his office acknowledges that they owe us the money in over three months we do not have it.
We have emailed the office manager every 7-10 days.
She'll respond saying that she'll look into it and get back to us but never does.
Very aggravating.
There are many great doctors out there to choose from.
I don't know how you would know how the support staff is until you actually do business with the clinic.
If you decide to go with AARH I hope you have a better experience than we did.
BTW, this is not the first time that we experienced horrible communication with the staff there but this was the one that pushed me over the edge to let others know.

