A few years ago I needed a new PCP and my daughter's pediatrician recommended Dr. Lieber.
He was close to the home, took our insurance, and was recommended.
I went for an initial consult and really liked him.
He was quite thorough (without over doing it) and they even do their blood work right there in office.
I would suggest Lieber.
The only reason he didn't get 5 stars in because I've only been a patient for two years.

Dr. Lieber has been my primary physician for the last three years.
The reason I chose this man was his specialty in Internal Medicine since he would be much more attuned in the going on's of my body.
His hours are not bad from 7:30am until 4p, i think M-F.
I like that blood work can be done at his office as well as how he interacts with his patients.
He provides advice and suggestions and ensures that you ask questions, and when you do he provides not a brief broad answer but rather he looks into it.
Like his staff as well.
So for a primary physician I fully recommend him!

Dr. Lieber is very professional and he is very knowledgeable.
Appointments are usually easy to make and there is usually not much waiting in the office.
My only complaint is that he won't renew prescriptions for a long enough period, so I have to come back to the office more often than I would prefer.

I have been a patient of Dr. Lieber for over a year and I would not recommend him or his office to anyone!
Making appointments are the only thing that is easy to do.
His bed side manner is gruff and I felt like he just wanted me out of there.
One time he asked me if I wanted my medicine dose increased.
I said I don't know what do you suggest?
He asked what I thought.
Getting scripts filled and talking to anyone takes at least 1 to 2 days.
I was without several medications for 5 days and an other for 2 weeks while we waited for blood work even though I had been on  medicine for 9 years.
The assistant told me 3 different times she would call me and never did.
I had to call her each time and wait 1 to 2 days for a call back.
I'm currently waiting 2 weeks for another medicine that was to be called in and I just found out it hasn't been.
I've been without this medicine for a week.
I won't get a call back until tomorrow at the earliest because his assistant won't talk to you the same day.
Last time I had to go into the office asking for my scripts because I wasn't getting a call back and the scripts weren't called in.
The Dr. was off when I went in and the lady Dr. he shares an office with wouldn't fill my scripts.
I had to go to my cardiologist to get them filled even though I had been trying for the 2 weeks to get Lieber to fill them.
Once I get this last script filled I'm going to another Dr.
I have never had this type of relationship with a Dr. before in my life.
If I could have given him and his staff 0 stars I would have

I actually give 5 Stars to Dr. Lieber ONLY!
I've only seen him once and he is great!
I expressed my concerns and he took tests and got me the meds I needed right away.
Other doctors never did that.
I have had a high blood pressure reading for a few years now.
My other doctor never seemed concerned cause I was so young.
Dr. Leiber put me on high blood pressure meds, and I feel safer now.
The reason for my 3 Star rating.
The NEGATIVE.
The main office lady is rude, rude, rude!
It could be cause I have "free" insurance.
But I was employed making great money at a bank, then got laid off.
Now I am employed again, and I don't know if me having free insurance (which now I will get company insurance once I hit my 90 day mark), was what made her be so unbelievably rude.
I have never been treated so poorly by someone.
I have encountered her a few times too (on the phone and in person), RUDE every single time.
She is the older lady in the front with short hair.
If she hates her job so much, she should do everyone else a favor and quit or not be in a customer service type position.
All other staff was very friendly and helpful!

