Best hangover food on the planet!
Their Macho Beef Burrito is fantastic!
I like all of their Mexican items as well, but the burgers and American fare is just OK, nothing to talk about one way or another.
Its clean and bright inside if you decided to dine in.

When i used to get off at midnight I'd go here.
almost every time the tacos were messed up and thrown together, order messed up multiple times.

I know.
It's Del Taco.
But it was so good.
I'm tired, hungover and not in the mood to sit in a restaurant and be around people today.
Our drive-through order was perfect and error free.
They gave us lots of napkins and a mountain of Del Scorcho sauce.
Food was hot, fresh and just what we expected.
Now I can nap with a full and happy tummy.

When I'm in need of a quick meal and there's a Del Taco nearby, I will definitely stop by.
I happened to be in the area, so I dropped by and ordered my usual Veggie Works Burrito, $2.89 & Deluxe Bean Burrito, $2.78.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xvrkd0c5E7sl9KuY-IMHIA?select=NPwUw8CWHpdfjKEUucK_nA  The service was fast and accurate.
The food was consistent with other Del Taco locations.....it won't win any culinary awards, but it's cheap & filling.
This location was very clean and the employees were friendly.
Overall, a decent experience.
Return Factor - 80%

This place is roughly 4mi from my house so it's not convenient, and it is right across the street from 24hr subway so I don't go here often enough when I'm over here for late night food, but I love their cheap tacos and their 99cent churros.
Never had a problem as far as customer service goes, the staff is friendly unlike most McDonald's and Jack in the boxes.
Would recommend somebody to go here for cheap mexican food, I actually prefer their cheap tacos to Taco Bell's 89cent tacos

Nothing special about this place - made me kinda sick after I ate here.
If you want mexican, this place just doesn't come close to good 'ol Taco Bell.

Well, if you are old enough, you might remember Avis Car Rental's slogan; "We Try Harder"  In many ways, that could describe Del Taco.
Taco Bell has been trying to improve it's image recently, by updating it's menu items with offerings from "Chef Lorena Garcia's authentic Latin recipe".
So you might think they are taking Chipotle seriously.
Oh contraire mon frere!
I believe they see Del Taco in their rear-view mirror.
Over the last couple of years, Del Taco has been upgrading their menu items, too.
It's not just a taco place.
Besides Mexican inspired food items, they also sell cheeseburger (single, double and triple), shakes, potato poppers, crinkle cut fries, as well as chili fries.
So, they are closer to Carl's Jr Green Burrito, than Taco Bell.
Another difference, is their reliance on Text Messaging to send you coupons, or specials.
Here are some recent examples: "Get a free small fries w/ any Crispy Shrimp Taco or burrito purchase.
"  Or, "It's Taco Tuesday @ Del Taco starts @ 3pm.
Get 3 regular tacos for $1.09 3pm till 11pm.
"  Taco Bell is more focused on Facebook to get their message out.
How passé.
The food at Del Taco is good and seem reasonably priced as compared to any of the other taco or burger boys.
They also serve breakfast, which is very good.
This location is near The Home Depot.
It is clean, friendly enough and the line moves fast.
What else could you ask for in a fast food joint?
I've posted two Tips which you might want to try.
First, use the Microsoft Tag scanner App on your phone to become part of Del Taco's email Club.
Second, "Text Club" to 60259 to join Del Taco's text club for food and special offers.
So in summary, Del Taco is Three Stars, A-OK

This location is in an area of town that I don't frequent too often.
However, sometimes I get a craving for one of their menu items and I will make the drive to satisfy that craving....which is what I did the other week.
I ordered my usual Veggie Works Burrito and Bean Burrito.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-taco-phoenix-12?select=0Ah0PlxDfEiJCGbr82_-Ow#0Ah0PlxDfEiJCGbr82_-Ow  While I was waiting for my order, I noticed a Claw Machine in the corner!
This Claw phenomenon is all over the place now....LOL http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/del-taco-phoenix-12?select=5XHgX35n_FhQnRzeHVCaSg#5XHgX35n_FhQnRzeHVCaSg  The food is average Del Taco food and came out fast.
Return Factor - 60%

It's Del Taco - I expect dirty, delicious tacos, fries that I'm certain are clogging arteries and cheesecake bites that melt in the mouth.
I got exactly what I expected.
Store was clean, cashier was friendly and the food was served up quick.
It's definitely a step up from Taco Hell.
If you go in expecting anything other than the afore mentioned things, you'll be disappointed.
If you order something other than tacos from a place called "Del Taco," you'll also be disappointed.
Overall: A-   The location is a bit off the beaten path of places to go, but it's clean, staff is friendly and sometimes you just want a dirty taco and fries!

