Just south of ASU, we've used Dorsey Place as our spring training home now for the second year in a row.
It's a fantastic deal compared to a hotel: cheaper, more spacious, and with many luxury amenities (including free WiFi).
Each unit is provisioned with its own washer/dryer, and at least two bedrooms and two bathrooms.
Befitting a vacation rental, the owners also provide a full compliment of kitchen wares (plates, flatware, cooking gear, etc.).
They've even apparently listened to guest responses, and improved some of the things from last year, swapping out higher quality kitchen knives.
Each bedroom has a queen-sized bed, and TVs in every room.
The on-duty manager, Jeremy, was nice enough to stay *very* late for us because we dawdled getting out of town and arrived at midnight.
Dorsey Place Condos looks to have been built just before the peak of the real estate meltdown, and so the conversion to vacation rental was a logical idea.
It's in a great central location for spring training, and a tremendous value.
I can't recommend them highly enough.

I and many other Austinites used Dorsey Place condominiums for lodging during our week long stay for Ironman Arizona.
The condos are very close to the airport and less than 2 miles away from the race start.
Prices were very reasonable (better than hotel stay) and the amenities were great!
An 85 degree salt water pool, all the kitchen utensils and even baking supplies, washer and dryer (with dryer sheets and detergent), fully stocked bathrooms, an assigned parking spot,  a balcony with grill, free wi fi, and even a $10 coupon for a local brewey/eatery nearby.
Our stay was very convenient at Dorsey and the actual condos were very nice and comfortable.
William one of the owners was nice enough to wait for our late arrival Wednesday night to give us our keys and show us around the place.
Debbie his wife also gave us the option for free grocery delivery so that when we arrived our kitchen would be stocked with food.
Truly a delightful stay.
If I'm ever visiting  for leisure or decide to do Ironman Arizona again, I would definitely stay here in a heartbeat!

I have been here for almost two years.
It was great the first year we lived here but after we renewed our lease the property had changed a lot.
The place here is so noisy , parties everywhere and I have very rude neighbors they leave the music on all the day .
I can't study or sleep .
We have complained to the office about that but they did nothing for us , and the internet which is included with the rent is so bad , works one hour then shut down !
I dont recommend this place since it is very noisy and I am really having big trouble with that , just waiting my lease ends to leave this place for ever

