My dining companions summed up Ginger as this: "Fate's older Chinese cousin that lives in Glendale.
"  So put it this way, if you love Fate you  might enjoy a Chinese twist to it.
If you are not so much a fan, don't go.
Ginger China Bistro does Chinese food but not the traditional versions (so don't go if you are looking for dim sum!).
The menu is small, limited to 5 apps and 5 soups/salads, and probably 15 entrees.
The entrees are typical of what you'd find at a Pei Wei or other mainstream Chinese place.
Difference here is that they are done well.
Another plus is the GInger has a decent bottled beer and wine list.
The restaurant space is small, albeit not as small as Fate.
A feature of Ginger is a very long communal table in near the kitchen.
Watch out though, if you are sitting near the cracks in the table you may end up with spilled drinks.
We watched a group near us get their water spilled twice because the waitress couldn't see the cracks.
The front area is a bit cluttered (newspaper on the chairs, stacks of flyers, etc.).
Service is friendly and attentive.
Drinks were refilled often and the food came out quickly but not on top of each other.
As for food...well I suppose this is the real test.
We ended up with 2 apps: chicken mushroom lettuce wraps and crab angels and spring rolls.
The crab angels were noted to be very cream cheesy.
My lettuce wraps were tasty, the chicken was ground so it wasn't huge chunks of chicken and the the lettuce was crispy.
Entrees were good but not phenomenal.
My sweet and sour pineapple chicken was a good size and featured crushed pineapple instead of those chunks.
I'd love for Ginger to suceed.
In the land of chains and mediocrity, Ginger is a bit refreshing.
It's still getting its footing but I hope to return soon and see great things from them.

As some previous reviewers have mentioned, Ginger China Bistro is reminiscent of the restaurant formerly known as Fate in downtown Phoenix.
I popped in for lunch this week as I was nearby due to GangplankNW http://search.twitter.com/search?q=%23Gangplanknw  To get my ginger party started, I ordered up a "Ginger Palmer" (ginger iced tea + lemonade).
Man, what a unique and tasty beverage!
For my entry, I ordered up the "Tofu puffs" with seasonal vegetables dish, which comes with white rice.
This dish (and probably all of them) come served in a generous amount of sauce.
The food was tasty & filling.
Ginger Bistro is a good spot for some flavorful, not so traditional Chinese cuisine.

I've been visiting Ginger ever since it popped up in the neighborhood.
We NorPho folks don't get a lot of one offs like Ginger up our way & it's a welcome change.
That said, Gingers contemporary style & menu options have been tasty every time I've stopped in or ordered out.
The portions are decent & the pricing is just north of your standard Chinese fare.
If the decor, menu options were more traditional, it wouldn't be worth your time.
So be sure to stop in to this quiet little gem.
The Crispy Citrus Mandarin Beef is just one of the reasons it's well worth the trip.

This is a great place.
The food is consistently good the atmosphere is nice and the entire place is clean.
The server are pleasant, the food cost is reasonable and the monogolian beef is wonderful.
This place has the velveting down pat.
The Garlic shrimp with noodles is to die for.
They use fresh vegies and nothing is greasy.
We go there at least once every couple of weeks.
Very reasonable priced.

There are so many Chinese restaurants out there to choose from and you never know which one to actually eat at.
This place however should be near the top of your list if in the area.
To many times have I been to a Chinese restaurant  where price is the main factor in luring patrons to walk in the door.
This is not the case here at Ginger China Bistro as it's not super cheap, but also not going to make a large dent in your wallet.
The food here is quite exceptional with its portion size, quality, and presentation.
Also the modern decor and contemporary look add to a pleasant experience in my opionion.
It also doesn't have that clutter factor like many other Chiniese restaurants so several bonus points earned for that.
I hope this place does well as it stands out from the rest.

I was nervous wreck the first time I ate at Ginger.
Not because I was worried about getting dysentery (you know how those Chinese restaurants can be).
But I was meeting friends of my manstress's parents for his father's birthday.
The place is great for groups, and they had us seated at a large table in the center of the room.
I chose a seat at the end so I wouldn't be completely surrounded by people I didn't know.
But all of my worries were put to rest since the whole crowd, like my parents, were teachers.
As the beverages began to flow, our table got louder and louder.
No one seemed to mind, and the staff was very attentive.
All of the food was simply outstanding, and since we passed our dishes around for everyone to try I go to taste quite a few.
I would highly recommend the both the sesame chicken and the spicy shrimp.
The delicious food paired with a great setting and staff really made this potentially awkward encounter much more comfortable.

Exactly as others stated, a small but excellent food selection.
If you're picky about your dishes, you may be disappointed, however the quality and presentation are clean and savoury.
Portions are large.
Very family friendly.
If you don't leave hurting, you didn't eat right.

The food was good and fresh but the service was awful.
Very slow and our server gave us an appetizer on the house for the delay.
They only had 1 bottle of the wine we ordered and we had to get something different for our 2nd bottle.
It was not even a busy night.
Maybe takeout would be better to not have to deal with slow inattentive service.

I've shared lunch with colleagues here and I have to say... not really impressed.
The space is wonderful.
Light, clean lines, uncramped, good flow - but I don't repeat visit a place that "looks" good.
I simply don't have the time when there are so many places that bring me the whole package.
I don't know if there dinner menu is different, but there are a fair amount of selections without being overwhelming.
There are only two meatless options, which I expect more of, especially in a Chinese restaurant.
I've eaten ginger soy noodles and they are just bleh... if not a little greasy.
Two of my friends seemed to enjoy their dishes and the fourth commented on hers being REALLY salty.
All of that could be forgiven if the flavor profile was strong enough to overcome the lack of creativity.
But it just isn't.
For those of you looking for the "all inclusive" lunch special, keep driving.
Here you will just get your entree item or app and a portion of white rice.
They will bring you brown rice if you request and then remind them.
As it is a relatively small space, I would expect service to be attentive.
And perhaps they have a different crew of people that work dinner, but we all sat with empty glasses grabbing employees as they walk by at arms length that seems oblivious to the fact that four people holding empty glasses is a sign that you might want to stop at the table.
Lastly, I sort of feel like GCB has a little bit of an identity crisis happening.
It seems to want to the trendy go-to spot that pushes the tried and true Asian flavors to a new and updated level.
Instead what it delivers is conventional, rather unremarkable food in really nice bowls.
Maybe we were just there on bad days.
I get that.
We all have them.
But when you have other choices, I want some substance and wow.

Today's Asian Pear salad had apples in it instead of pears with nobody telling you that.
See my picture and you can guess how it taste.
Maybe the best meal they make is the Tofu Puffs,Todays vegetables were Broccoli, Bok Choy, Snow Peas, Carrots, and Mushrooms in an Ultra Mild thickened Chicken Broth.
I couldn't taste any oil in this dish or much flavor but it did seem like fresh food.
I have been here many times with different diners because of location and I remember one person not liking a shrimp dish and another not liking a beef dish.
I thought the Asian Pear Salad was a total loser today.
Most of the Asian restaurants in this immediate area are two stars to me  with them all being different also I wanted to retry in this area and also I didn't care to drive down Bell Road for a better option.
The thing that separates this two star Chinese from others nearby is that this place is sparkling clean,just look at the grout by the door.

This is great chinese food.
The meat is not "mystery meat" and it is good clean food.
I love the Mongolian Beef or they can substitute beef for chicken.
Kinda on the pricey side, but good.

I've been reading the other reviews and I see a lot of ups-and-downs.
I've been to the Ginger China Bistro about a dozen times and it is my go-to evening restaurant for a quiet and intimate meal with close friends.
Everyone reviewing agrees that the atmosphere is pretty perfect.
Quiet, dark, modern.
It's never been raucous a single time I've visited.
My favorite item on the menu is the curry-styled chicken dish, which I ordered once out of curiosity and really enjoyed.
I've never tried a salad(which seems to be the downside on most people's reviews on Yelp), but I've never had a bad meal.

First of all, it is NOT an authentic Chinese food.
(Think Panda Express)  We all ordered different items: mostly stir fried noodles.
Despite the different names, they ALL tasted very similar.
Mind you, if they were good, I wouldn't mind.
But they were not flavorful at all, but very salty (Read: MSG / Hypertension).
We had to ask a variety of sauces and even then the dishes turned out horrible.
Not to brag, but I can definitely stir fry better noodles with fresher ingredients and better sauce mix at home.
Coming from California and having tried hundreds of Chinese restaurants in that state, authentic or non-authentic, this restaurant is byfar the worst Chinese restaurant!
Congrats on the Golden Raspberry Award.
In terms of decor, it is dimly lit, clean and modern, even fancy.
Normally, I would save 2 stars for a restaurant regardless of their taste, but this restaurant is just beyond help - they desperately need to change their recipe or hire a new chef!
To be fair, other Chinese restaurants around the area are of similar quality, but slightly better.
If overall it is an Arizonian thing, I would not know.

I am surprised that they have good reviews.
I would say this was my least favorite chinese restuarant in town.
I am trying to think postiviely after reading some of 5 star reviews, but  I cannot forget how orange chiken tasted like a sugar chiken.
I almost thought I was eating a dessert.
I don't mind modern, dark, quiet atmosphere as long as the chinese food tastes like chinese food.

I was excited to have lunch at what appeared to be a place that would offer a nice dining experience.
Unfortunately I will never go back, as the meal was quite mediocre, the service/waitress failed at bringing life and personality.
Overall I was surprisingly disappointed with the experience.
"Never judge a book by its cover," well, from the exterior this restaurant appeared to be nice and lively, but unfortunately it failed to measure up to the minimum level of expectations.

How is this place even open still?
Everything was absolutely awful.
My daughter and I went in for lunch.
The place was completely empty at 12:45!
You know if the appetizer is bad the rest of the meal is pretty much done for.
The pot stickers were completely flavorless.
The crispy chicken with mushroom sauce was completely inedible; the chicken tasted like it had been fried in really old oil several years ago and left to dry on the countertop.
The coconut chicken curry my daughter ordered was also devoid of flavor.
The server said three words to us the entire time we were there, and when I told him how unpleasant the meal tasted, he had no reply.
I truly wish I had asked for at least one of our meals to be taken off the bill.
ARGH!!

We went on a Saturday night before going to a small house party.
We had been to one of the places close by, and thought that we should give this place a shot.
My girlfriend and I started off with the War Won Ton Soup.
It was pretty good.
The broth was very light and flavorful.
For entree's we had the Broccoli Beef and Mandarin Orange Chicken.
The sauce for the Broccoli Beef was a little heavy on the Soy, and the Orange Chicken was a little on the light side.
However, the chicken was fried perfectly and didn't have an overly oily taste to it.
The one thing that was lacking was the service.
It was very slow inside, and the service matched.
Based on my experience, I would go back again....however, I wouldn't be surprised if there was a lack of consistancy, judging from the reviews and the fact that the restaurant owners that were working didn't seem to be focused on anything at all.
We'll see how the next visit goes.

The place looked ok from the outside.
The inside was nice.
It is not small child friendly.
When we walked in with our three boys(8,5,2) there appeared to be shear panic on the lady's face.
I think it was the two year old that threw them.
For starters I had to go get a highchair myself(they didn't think to even ask) and then they tore apart this little storage unit looking for some crayons and paper for the boys.
Service was ok at best.
The food was ok at best.
Overall was ok...at best.
I wouldn't say it was the worst like so many other reviews but not real high on the list.
On the fence if my wife and I will go back to give it another shake, but without the boys.
That is to bad too, our small boys actually like chinese food were as most small children don't.

This is hands down the best Chinese restaurant I have had since we have lived in AZ the past 14 years.
We drive from North Scottsdale to go here.
Food is delicious, nice atmosphere and excellent service!!!

Me and my family enjoy our meal everytime we dine here.
Whenever its Chinese food night out we come here.
I always order the Madarin beef and Or the Sesame Chicken when we come and don't forget the combination fried rice.

We ordered takeout from China Bistro for the first time and were happily surprised to find the food was delicious, served in large portions, and reasonably priced.
We had the beef and mushroom lettuce wrap appetizer, the Mongolian beef, and the sweet and sour pineapple chicken.
I am fussy about Chinese food and I would happily recommend this place.
We will definitely be getting takeout from there again.

Very good!
The Garlic Shrimp with Broadway Noodles was very tasty, even if they have a large amount of noodles.
And their spring roll/crab angel appetizer was very tasty.
Definitely looking forward to trying other dishes there!

Excellent place, highly recommended!
Great service and food

Absolutely delicious!
We just tried for the first time and we were very impressed.
We got takeout (Citrus Beef and Ginger's Crispy Chicken with mushroom sauce)  Both were excellent.
The spring rolls were great, the crab angels could use a little more stuffing but still very tasty.
The place looks clean and nice decor too.
Highly recommend it!

This is by far one of my favorite places in Glendale.
I always take my family and friends here when they visit and they all love it.
They only use fresh white meat chicken which is a nice change from the deep fried stuff you get anywhere else.
Their won ton soup is amazing and big enough to split.
They have vegetarian dishes that are good no matter what your preferences are.
This is a nice clean restaurant and it is always quite in there so you can actually talk to one another.
I highly recommend giving it a try.

I am not getting the negative reviews, especially the one who claimed it wasn't "authentic (think Panda Express).
"  The food is always fresh, the people are always friendly, and I always leave satisfied.

This is the only Chinese restaurant I will eat at.
Once I started when it first opened, I have only went elsewhere once and it was a huge let down.
The food here is consistent and tastes awesome!
They make their won ton soup broth from scratch and it is some of the best soup I have had.
I have sent my dentist here, my friends, and clients.
All come back again and again!
This is not your typical salty Chinese buffet, it is not a buffet at all.
This is quality, freshly made Chinese food.
The menu does not change ever!

This place is amazing!
I'm Chinese, grew up on home cooked authentic Chinese cooking, I make Chinese for dinner every night...
So I know good Chinese!
This is it!
Plates are huge and cheap, food is non-greasy & oily.
They accommodated our diet needs.
Awesome!

Very good and service.
Portions were the right size.
A great place for a causal date night.

Very fresh ingredients.
The appetizers were great and the entree was amazing.
The staff was very polite and helpful.
Restaurant was very clean and orderly with fantastic service.
Beautiful atmosphere and great food.
Take out service as well.

My husband & I went here for dinner tonight & thought the food was amazing.
We got the spring rolls & cream puffs as an appetizer then the orange chicken & sesame chicken for our main entrees.
Everything tasted great and the staff was friendly.
Will definitely go back.

This is our regular date night spot.
We love the food, service and prices.
I would recommend Ginger over a chain like PF Chang's.
Asian Pear Salad and Pot Stickers are two of our faves!

Best chicken fried rice!
My husband and I will drive from across town to come eat here.
No MSG in anything, the way it should be!
The folks here are always nice and friendly!
Thank you!

I just had the honey sesame chicken and it was wonderful.
Just slightly crispy yet oh so tender.
Very delicate taste.
My only wish is that someone had told me about this place sooner.

We love the honey sesame chicken, mongolian beef and pork fried rice.
The interior is more modern than most Chinese restaurants, and very nice.
There's a patio if you'd like to eat outside, as well.
This is our go-to place for takeout...it's the best in the area.

We love Ginger!
Tonight we tried the egg foo  young.
It is well worth the 20 minute drive!
Great service and food!

