We took our labrador retriever to be treated for cancer to Dr. Hershey as she came highly recommended.
We had a very negative experience.
On numerous occasssions phone calls were not returned, prescriptions were incorrect.
We waited at least 30 minutes for our appointments and sometimes over an hour.
And to top it off, when our dog suddenly died we didn't get a call or a card from Dr. Hershey or her practice.
Keep in mind we spent thousands of dollars at this clinic.
We recieved cards and calls from 2 other vet clinics that treated our dog.
We know Dr. H knew what happened as she was on the phone with the emergency clinic.
I will never recommend this clinic to anyone.

They moved to 2501 N. 32nd St. in Phoenix.
The areas around parking lot are discusting with animal feces everywhere, that no one (staff) picks up.
This is a serious health hazard, considering most patients seen there are receiving chemo treatment.
The above reviews are accurate.
Only wait times are more like 3 hours.

Would never use this vet again!
I will try to be fair and balanced and not just trash this place, although that's exactly what it and Dr. Hersey deserve.
My 8 year old doberman was diagnosed with bone cancer and we sought the help of Dr. Hersey.
$1200 first visit to diagnose and the money keep adding up from there.
She blends western medicine with whatever holistic treatments are available, and I think it's more to fatten her profits than really help.
She'll pretty much do whatever treatment you ask her to do and rape your wallet doing it.
Dr. Hersey told us of a new treatment for bone cancer and how my dog would need 4 injections to see if it was helping.
Treatments were $250 a pop.
What Dr. Hersey failed to tell us was the new drug was NOT for bone cancer and she was using it off label in her own experiment on my dog.
She injected the drug into the tumor site and that caused it to swell to the point where the skin shredded and a large, ugly, open sore was visible.
At this point, Dr. Hersey washed her hands of us.
Without even seeing my dog, she announced that the "tumor had broken through the skin" (something that rarely happens in osteosarcoma and not in the short time between injection and skin lesions).
She didn't once take responsibility for what she'd done or offer us the truth or an apology.
When we found out she'd used the drug off label (it was for mammary cancer) and called her out on this,she made it about me and my finances.
She tried to make herself out to be a saint who had done all she could to help us when I was struggling with paying my dog's cancer bills.
Let's keep in mind, I was paying close to $1000 a month on Hersey's treatments, which is not a small sum to come out of monthly.
Worse than all of that, I had a dog with a large oozing sore on her leg and this vet, this doctor did NOTHING to help.
She didn't help clean it, bandage it or offer anything to help us heal the wounds.
She washed her hands of the mess she'd created by blaming me for not taking out a second mortgage to pay her fees.
Once the swelling went down from the illegal injection I was able to get the sores closed, but it took several months.
Also to add, Hersey's actions cost my dog the chance of going to the University of Colorado for a promising treatment that could have saved her life and leg.
I would like to say that Dr. Hersey is a kind person and she does care about dogs, but I really think she's immoral and dishonest.
Had she been honest with us about her experiment and the risks, and given us the opportunity to make an informed decision, I would have had more respect for her.
But to know that she did this behind our backs (and then bragged about it on various vet forums in Phoenix) makes me sick.
If your dog has cancer, seek out a different vet.
Costs here are not good and the vet will lie to you and blame you for her mistakes.

