Great inexpensive cleaners.
Probably the cheapest place I know of for men's shirts and women's blouses.
Fast, friendly service.
They can also do basic alterations.

Fast, but definitely not friendly... My wife and I have been going here for about a year.
Their prices are average, and they are close to our home in Tatum Ranch...
However, they have very rude employees.
I read on Google reviews that "they act like they're doing you a favor by taking or returning your clothes..."  So true!
That's the perfect way to put it.
Hello, I am the customer, and I am smiling.
There's no need to try to take my smile away.
And there's certainly no need to be snippy.
I should have known by the "No Cell Phones" sign that they don't like customers.
So after putting up with their cocky attitudes for months, today my wife and I are done doing business with them.
Yes, the dry cleaning is not guaranteed to be there until 4 PM, but it always seems to be there at 2 PM.
So why would they try to pick a fight with me when it was actually ready again today at 2?
Because they are nuts.
Done.

They do a great job!
My old dry cleaner was always destroying buttons on my shirts.
Never happens at Titan.
Friendly staff, too.
Also, good place to have alterations & shoe repairs next door...in the back of a barber shop.

Great cleaners!
They cleaned our church choir robes and we will head back when they need to be cleaned again.
Titan's employees were friendly and did the job quickly.
Very professional work.
Will definitely use them again!

I don't usually take the time to write reviews unless it's super deserving.
In this case it is.
Situation I have been taking my cleaning to Titan for 5+ years now with never a missing garment, button or ...beat.
The staff is efficient, quick and helpful.
Recently I brought in a hardly worn expensive jacket and it came back with the elastic gone in the sleeves and the structure of the fabric gone.
It was huge on me.
I took it back to the store who blamed the cleaners; the cleaners said it was the garment.
In the end, the store gave me only half the value which I reported back to Titan's manager.
She was great about communicating throughout the process, keeping me informed of what was happening on their end so I knew they weren't ignoring my problem.
Solution Though their insurance doesn't cover this, she offered to make good on the other half in compensation that worked for both of us.
What could have been a negative or nasty ordeal was friendly, pleasant and ultimately satisfactory for both sides.
I can't recommend them enough - and your cleaning bills will be at least half of what you're paying elsewhere!

