I really couldn't ask for anything more... from a tire store.
I mean, free cognac and dancers on poles would be nice, but these guys are here to move some rubber and that's what they do.
They are efficient and professional--I brought my car in for four tires and I was out in under an hour.
They do offer many other services, but I politely declined.
I like that they ask first though--I hate taking my car in for one specific thing only to have the salesperson come back with a list of other unrelated items they are more than happy to handle for me.
Just tires, thanks.
They also present several options for tires, and don't just try to stick you with the most expensive ones while pretending they don't have anything cheaper.
Again, kudos!
The thing that impressed me the most was that it turned out they only had three of the tire they sold me--so the manager upgraded me to the next level of tires for no additional cost.
The tires now on my car were $20 more/ea than the ones I paid for.
Good people here--perhaps I'll return for other services.

These guys are ripoff artists.
Every time you come in there, they'll recommend new brakes, new tires and an alignment (unless it's under warranty, then they'll find reasons not to honor the warranty).
They told my wife that she had torn engine mounts, and that it would be an $850 repair.
Took the vehicle to Advanced Auto Center, and the technician showed me that none of the mounts were torn.
I had some tires with 45,000 mile warranties that needed to be replaced after 20,000 miles, but they wouldn't honor the warranty.

Lost my tire center cap, broke my radiator hose.
Nice work otherwise.

One busy place.
Four hours or more for an oil change and tire rotation!

I bought a Groupon for 3 oil changes and went and got my first one and everything went smooth.
I went back and was asked if I had a punch card and I did not so the manager at the time looked it up in the computer and found my info and saw I had two remaining.
I just went today to get my last oil change from the deal and the manager there Gordon said I needed the punch card and I told him the old manager I guess who was no longer there just looked it up in the computer and told me no need for the punch card, he basically said the old manager would never say that and insinuated I was lying.
I did not appreciate that at all especially after I showed him my last service paper that had VISIT 2 on it and also showing I paid 0.00 for the oil change, his explanation was perhaps I had a free coupon again basically calling me a liar.
It is not hard to look into the system and see just like the last manager did that I had done the Groupon and how many oil changes I had left.
If Big O wants to make it right and give me the oil change I paid for just look up my info, Lendon Marshall (480) 528-9488.
If not then I will never go back and you have lost a customer.
I cannot believe how I was treated.

Ray is back at this location and business has turned around to what it use to be.
Great, honest service.
I've been going here for over 7 years.
Dan is great as well.
The Warner location is great as well.

The only reason I came to this location was that it was a Sunday and the dealership was not open and alternative tire shops were too far away to drive safely.
I dropped my car off to replace a flat tire (bought a set of 2 tires) and had to return the next day because one of the replacement tires went flat and now my tire pressure readings are all over the map (which they had charged extra for resetting the sensors).
Consequently, I will make every effort to avoid this place in the future.
Fool me once, shame on me but you won't fool me twice!

Big O Tires really screwed me over.
I had a flat tire, and I needed at least two new tires because I drive an all wheel drive subaru.
If there is more than a 1/4 inch size difference in the tires, it will destroy the transfer case, then the transmission.
Big O sold me two new tires and put them on in less than an hour (which was admittedly nice) then told me I needed an alignment.
I told them no, but he was pushy about it, which was annoying.
I told him no, paid my money and left.
I got on the highway without checking my tires.
big mistake.
My car started shaking and bucking.
I pulled over and found that they had put TWO COMPLETLY DIFFERENT SIZE TIRES on my car.
The front had 195/60/R15's and the back had 195/65/R15"s. It looked ridiculous, the back tires were a full 1/2 inch bigger than the front tires.
I then tested the pressure in the tires.
It was supposed to be 29 front 30 rear, and it was 37 psi in all tires, which made a very serious problem even worse!
i limped my poor car back to big O tires, and told them what they did wrong.
They were less than apologetic, acting as if it was no big deal!
They didn't give me any of my money back, which I think they should have since I lost several hours of work because of their mistake.
Avoid Big O Tires at all costs!

This place is AWFUL!
NEVER take your car to Big O Tires.
I took my car in at the recommendation of a friend to have my tires replaced after getting hot tar on them (Darn Arizona summers!).
They convinced me to buy all 4 new tires.
I leave and have to return TWO more times to get the car properly balanced.
The 3rd time I was there, they told me that they only had 1 guy who could properly balance my car and he wasn't in that day and to come back tomorrow.
I brought my car in the next day to get the car balanced AGAIN and get an oil change.
They told me they didn't have time to do the oil change and I'd have to come back AGAIN to get it done.
It also took over an hour and a half before they even looked at my car despite making an appointment.
They were quite rude both days... as if it was my fault the car wasn't balanced right.
They finally got it right the third time and I have never been back.
I would not suggest ANYONE take their car here EVER!

If you love getting lied to and ripped off then this is the place for you!
The manager George told me that I received full synthetic oil but the technician told me that he installed standard 10w 30 and admitted  that George lies all the time.
Really nice George!

This place has been great.
They are honest, and they are really quick.
I needed a new battery.
I had my baby with me.
They dropped it in and I still made the class I was running to.
They were just as quick when I had my flat tire.
I feel really good about bringing my car there and will do so for any future problems.

