Fetch is a great place.
Employees will goo-goo and ga-ga your animals just like you do.
They will truly agree that your dog is absolutely the most amazing creature.
I don't even care that it's empty and trite, and that they say that to everyone.
They mean it when they say it to me, I'm sure of it.
The staff is very knowledgeable about their wide range of holistic pet products, predominantly food.
You won't find melamine-tainted anything.
They are the kind of idealists that you wish shared their outstanding passion with local politics or elementary school gardens so that the world could be a better place.
Every year I mean to bring them a christmas / non-denominational present to show my appreciation.
And, just like my family, they may have to wait until next year when I have matured enough to plan ahead.
My favorite service is the do-it-yourself dog batherie.
I have to clean up enough dog hair from my house, that I prefer to fork over the $12 and allow them the pleasure to clean up after the baths.
You bring your dog(s) into a back room outfitted with two large industrial washers, that look like restaurant dish-washers complete with the hanging extend-a-spring-grip-squeeze hose.
They have several all-natural shampoos and conditioners that you can choose by turning the dial already connected to the sprayer.
Ease of use.
There are many brushes and combs, sanitized and waiting neatly to de-dread your pooch, along with splash-proof aprons and those small towel things that start dry and hard, but are super-absorbent and awesome to dry off your canine.
I should get those for me.
What are they called, argh!
When it is done, and you have a super-clean happy dog, you sort of do a light cleanse of the tools you used, and the general area to be polite, and they take care of the rest.
Then, as you parade your pups back out and pay, they lavish you with compliments as to how great of a pet caretaker you are, offering free treats over the counter, and ringing you up efficiently and knowledgeably.
They have a huge variety of raw / kibble / canned / treats / toys / beds / literature, etc...
The sale rack in the back is always filled with interesting delights.
I endorse this place highly.

This is my favorite pet supply store!
ever!!!
I am a Scottsdale Pet Sitter, and I deal with a lot of other pet related businesses and stores and Fetch is my go-to store!
The store itself is huge and has a variety of human grade health pet foods.
They have premade raw and bones!
Treats, chews, clothes, brushes, supplements....this place has it all.
And the prices are awesome, less then Petco!
The staff is super friendly and helpful.
They can help you pick a food or help with any questions you may have!
This is a store is a must for every pet owner!

They have EVERYTHING you need here, they know what they talk about when it comes to high quality pet food, they carry your bags out to your car and the workers' doggies who come to work with them will greet you when you enter.
I've been a customer for 5 years, in 2 different locations.
Love the place.

What a great store!
The staff is so knowledgeable and friendly.
They have a tremendous assortment of food, toys, treats and just about anything else you could want for your furry pal.
Dogs love it there too!
Mine always finds a new friend to play with when we go so it's a great outing for both of us!

This is my favorite pet stuff store in the area.
I just moved here and was disappointed at the lack of pet stores that carry decent dog food & treats.
I was thrilled to finally find Fetch.
They carry all of the holistic/premium foods that all dogs deserve and their prices are great.
The staff  is very friendly and knowledgeable - true dog lovers!
If you want the best for your pet, buy their food here, you won't be disappointed!

The best pet supply store around, hands down.
They have all the best foods, great treats and toys for your cat or dog.
The staff is wonderful.
They were really helpful in trying to find the right food for my dog.
I also have two small kids, and the staff always loads my car since my hands are always full.
One staff member even suggested I call ahead and they'd have my food waiting up front for me, since they have record of my usual purchase.
I can't say enough great things about this place.
Ditch the chains (PetSmart/Petco) and come here for your pet supply needs!

About 10 years ago I used to go to Fetch all the time.
If I remember correctly they used to be off of Scottsdale and Thunderbird.
I went back today because I didn't feel like driving down to a competitor's store.
I am glad I did.
The selection is huge, the customer service is wonderful.
Probably the one thing that really made me glad I went back is the owner's commitment to our community.
There were 4 kittens who are very young upfront that are going to be part of an adoption soon.
I came to find out the owner also has a cat rescue program offering people a resource to spay and neuter their cats, and hopefully find homes.
Truly a wonderful gesture in a much needed arena.
I highly recommend this wonderful store to everyone.

DISAPPOINTING!!!
I  have been taking my dog to Fetch Doggie Store for about 6 years.
At the time it was the only holistic groomers I could find.
Trust me I did a lot of research.
The groomers have all been great even with change of ownership.
The problem is scheduling, cluster of a front desk, lack of organization and customer knowledge.
You would think they would be able to pull up your pets history at some point during the scheduling process.
It felt as if we hadn't been a loyal customer for so many years.
The last straw was 2-weeks ago I called and reserved an appointment.
I asked if they were open on the Presidents Day.
After confirming they were open my dog was all set.
Understanding Fetch does not offer reconfirming appointment calls, I thought I should follow up the day of the appointment.
The young lady informed me the Groomers were off and there was nothing scheduled for today.
Disappointing!
So happy to have other options today.

Fetch ROCKS!
If you are looking for a place where you will not only have fun but also receive amazing information and advice about everything your dog or cat will need then Fetch is the place for you.
Make sure you ask for Krystal as she has become our own personal "dog consultant" and she will lead you in the perfect direction to give your pet family the proper love they need and deserve.
Thanks Team Fetch, we love you guys.
Jenna, Drew & Poi Poi

This review is for grooming only.
So I love kids, I'm one of those people who coo over babies, can color/play hide and seek for 3 hours with your kid, and yes- i have a pinterest board of how I'll dress my future baby that won't exist for YEARS.
I even read articles about baby sign language, cloth diapers, and organic baby food.
Okay, okay, now that you know I'm crazy.
I took the loves of my life to get groomed.
I have two Yorkies, Henri and Boo.
Now since I love babies(and have none) my dogs are my children(I'll end up being a crazy dog lady one day) I moved to Oklahoma after graduating and didn't know a soul, worked too much, and had just got MY DREAM DOG..Henri (yay!
My Best friend)..
So I take them to fetch..made a 1000 AM appt.
I walk in an both of my dogs are so excited climbing all over me, sneezing because they can't stop smiling when they see the ladies at the front.
The groomer walks up to me and says "oh so cute, I haven't seen you guys in so long" (I'm thinking, how about never as this is my first time here) she picks up the loves of my life and says "how about 4 o' clock) I say um "okay.
" I tell her HENRI is a girl, and so is Boo.
(that way she puts a bow in both of them/and not a bandana) also tell her I want the paws lefts fluffy, the legs trimmed(going for a lion look), hair on top left alone, ears cleaned up, face and potty area cleaned, along with maybe a half of inch of hair gone.
"okay" she says.
I leave, call my fiancé and say- they didn't have me sign or fill out forms.
And they said they would have them for SIX hours.
*Henri is 8 lbs and boo is 3* Why if they feed them- I mean six hours is a long time with no food.
And I know that's not grooming hours?!
That's sitting in a cage hours!
Wahhhhhhhh!!!
So I hang up with them call fetch, and ask if they feed my dogs because henri has a sensitive spoiled baby tummy and will shit blood if she eats anything other than 30 dollar 1.5 lb bag of dog food.
She says we don't feed them; "oh okay thanks.
"  So I shop- because I'm anxious all day.
It's 348 and I walk in hoping henri and boo are alive and all legs and ears are attached.
And yay!
My dogs are so happy scratch and smiling at me!
So happy that I can only hold Boo.
It's as if I've been gone ten years.
No bows in either dogs hair- and they just looked like regular Yorkies no special lion fluff paws, hair is shorter than I wanted, the pee parts are cleaned and trimmed up along with the face.
the lady says oh they missed you!
They prolly need to pottie.
They've been sitting in their awhile( and I'm thinking what?!!
Why didn't you call me!!!
) so I pay 115.00 with 15.00 dollars tip because my dogs are Alive and un-mangled.
However, henri and boo will never, ever be here again.
I'll go to hugs n pups.
Where I know they'll call me before it's time to get my dogs so they don't have to sit waiting, they'll leave them in the front so they can sniff other dogs, and love them if it's not busy.
And put bows in hair!!!
I'll also sign paperwork..so I know this lady isn't going to sale my yorkie to Jim bob for taco meat or his sticky kid.
One star for service..because I guess at least my dog is alive and not cut!
But not worth 100 dollars for 12 lbs of cuteness.

GREAT pet shop that carries all of the healthy brands of dog food.
A little difficult to find... but I will be back ;)

