I have used this company several times now to do mailings for me and they have been great.
I love the designs... tried three, found one that works great everytime.
The response on communication is fantastic.
Very fast.
The mailings go out on time and without hitches!

This is my first time using this company and my company won't be going back.
My mailing should be going out this week barring any further issues.
However, they have tried to charge over $100 more than what I was initially quoted - 2 fees of $19 each because the artwork I sent over did not meet their specific requirements, a $25 fee to fix my artwork to meet their specs, another $19 fee for adding additional names to their mailing list after their system found some invalid names, a $9 fee (optional, but they invoice it) for USPS tracking, and a 3.5% fee (optional, but they invoice it) for using a credit card to pay for the purchases.
For the same amount of money, I could have used a local vendor that would probably have accepted or altered my files at no charge (300 dpi, rgb color, in .png format) rather than charge me to convert it to their specific requirements.

I've used this company for direct mail and some printing for 5 years.
Customer service is not a strength but they have often done the job well.
When things go wrong, don't expect much.
A couple years ago I had them mail out 5,000 cards.
Many of the rejected cards (by USPS for vacancy, etc.
) were poorly printed and badly smudged.
They refused to do anything to compensate for the poor quality.
I gave them another chance.
Recently I paid them to design a postcard.
I wanted to print some more with some minor changes (new address and telephone number).
They refused to do so unless I paid a new design fee - as much as I paid the first time.
I objected to being overcharged for 5 minutes work of "design.
" They insisted that I had to repay the design fee in full.
I've finally had enough of Cactus Mailing.
After 5 years and tens of thousands of postcards, they couldn't have cared less about me as a customer.

