What I love about this place:  You can submit an order online and go pick it up without having to wait in the long lunch line!
Thank god for the internet.
The staff is efficient for the most part.
The sandwiches are made to order and they have outdoor seating.
It's close to where I work so I come here often.

dew bow bow.ooooooo yyyyeeeaaaa.....dew bow bow.
This is the song that I should be singing, as I slowly enter the Port of Subs after deboarding the light rail.
Port of Subs is my drug of choice, and eating such tasty subs makes me happy.
I got 12 inches last night...12 inches of subs....and it tasted so good!
nomnomnomnom!
Port of Subs never fails me.
Its just so good!
All bread cooked on site, and not like the chain sub places, its actually really really good!
I got the #18, lots of meat and whatever I wanted.
Tasty!
Thank you Port of Subs, thank you.
Eating here makes my brain and stomach delightfully happy!

Not bad.
Bread is slightly bland.
Meats are FAR better than subway.
Good selection of veggies and are always pretty fresh.
Overall, good chain sub place.

Sandwiches are pretty good....good enough that I usually go there once or twice a week...sometimes more.
It can get crowded in there during lunch hour so if you can get there early or have a late lunch, I'd recommend that.
All in all, not a bad place to grab a sandwich for lunch.

Good but I am sure the staff is high.
Or retarded.
Also, they do not use enough meat.

Port of Subs is the same as most other sandwich shops - except how do they get pickles so thin?
Seriously - they are thin and translucent.
The staff is fairly skimpy with the toppings and my sandwich maker today was not proficient with the avocado scooper.
The scooper is very small.
He put one scoop that was about the size of a quarter on the sandwich.
He attempted a second scoop, which he had to scrape around the bucket, and then fumbled the exchange as he tried to put it on the sandwich.
As both dabs of avocado hit the table, he reached for the spatula.
The spatula was not much better as he dropped it, and attempted to schmear the little avocado on the bread.
As much remained on the handle as was on the bread.
Maybe he's new?
Or maybe they are just skimpy on toppings and have an inefficient staff?

I don't know why people think that just because a sandwich place slices your meat for you that it automatically makes it more fresh and delicious.
I highly disagree.
Is it a nice touch for a restaurant to cut the meat and cheese fresh, sure I guess.
What does this mean for you though?
Sometimes less meat/cheese as well as a longer wait in line.
I'm not saying I hope the sandwich places I like cut everything a week in advance, I would hope that they just prep in the morning.
This sub shop is beyond mediocre.
I have eaten here two or three times and it's only because it is so close to work and I didn't have enough time to make it to a better place.
Not to rip on these guys but money is money...I like to spend mine where I actually really enjoy the food and it's a treat for me to eat there.
I don't get that from here.
This is on the same level as Cousins for me...they're both food if you're hungry but they are lower grade sandwiches for the same price as really delicious ones.

We picked up a pair of sandwiches on the way to A's spring training and it was definitely better than what The A's were offering inside.

Prices are great, portions are perfect, and it's fresh!
When I spend 5 hours in a cubicle in the early morning watching the guys behind the counter slice the meat never fails to entertain me.
They don't overload on ingredients.
The sandwich is simple because the meat is good enough alone.
Nice choice in bread, too.
And for less than $5 I can definitely make a couple of visits per month.

Their sandwiches are MUCH better than subway's.
All their cold cut sandwiches are great, but there meatball is one of the best.
Highly recommend it.

Clean, fast, and delicious.
Today was the 1st time we'd ever had Port of Subs and we were very impressed.
We ordered online and picked up about 15 mins later.
Im interested in trying their breakfast pressed sandwiches.

I always prefer to support the local businesses but Subway is better.

The kids meal for $4 is just right.
This location is quite spotty when it comes to service.
Some workers are friendly, some are quite kurt... and I eat there 2-3/week.
Also, the format/order that they make the sandwiches is a little off putting.

Ok for a quick bite

Sanwiches are good except the bread is horrible.
It always tastes stale.
Bad bread ruins a sandwich even if everything in the sandwich is good.

1st time here and I must say the turkey bacon avacado was really good since it was my 1st time I had to order another sub so I got roast beef , that was fresh n tasty as well.
Ive now added this to my list of fav sub shops

First review for this Port of Subs.
Been coming to PoS for almost 30 years tho.
Ordered the hot pastrami combo online.
I don't like the bread grilled though but they always accommodate.
I arrived 10 minutes before my appointed time but it was just coming out anyway (they were just opening).
Sandwich was hot, with juicy meat and crisp toppings.
The most important part, to me, is the bread though.
Bad bread can spoil a good lunch.
My sourdough was soft and warm, delicious.
Service was good (for takeout) and I will be returning.

