This is a spendy little boutique.
Jeweled foam flipflops for $200 Kitson tank tops for $75  Now, don't get me wrong.
I do appreciate this place.
I love the jeans selection they carry, and I usually fall in love with many different items......  Alas, it's not for the budget minded.

This was the worst shopping experience I've ever had!
I bought two items & the salesclerk indicated that if one didn't work out, I could return it.
She even quietly extended a 20% coupon as though she was doing me a favor...to seal the deal.
I stupidly bought into her sales tactics & made my purchase.
Later, after "buyers remorse", I attempted to make a return.
The woman who was working that day does NOT know the definition of extraordinary customer care...she doesn't even know the concept!
She rudely told me that it was a final sale (according to the sign that was posted & small print on the receipt).
She didn't care that the salesclerk had indicated I could return if not satisfied.
Furthermore, she said that she doesn't allow a return "even for my best customers" (meaning I don't even rank as a best customer?).
She was flippant, didn't care if she lost my business and didn't even try to make me happy.
I will never go back & will make sure that EVERYONE knows what a horrible place this is.
It takes a lot to get me upset over a shopping experience (even though I have high expectations of service), so you can imagine how bad this was.
DO NOT SHOP AT THE PURPLE SKIRT & tell your friends and family, too!

Save your money for a store like Nordstrom where the sales clerks HAVE to treat you with respect.
Purple Skirt also has a terrible return policy aka nothing is refunded or returned.
On the positive side, they tend to have sale items and on occassion have fun accessories.
If you're ready to spend $200 on a pair of jeans...go somewhere else!

I went into The Purple Skirt for the first time as participant in a community fashion show.
I found Heather, the owner, to be a talented stylist!
She picked out something very quickly that looked great on me.
She has an obvious knack for fashion and style.
It wasn't just a fluke either, because all of the ladies who worked with her looked amazing in the various outfits that she had picked out for them.
We all agreed that she was amazing and fast, too!
Next time I need a new outfit for a special occasion, I'd definitely trust her to help me find something stunning!
She is an asset to our community!

I have had some luck with the sales racks out front but while the remainder of the merchandise is very nice, their prices are prohibitive.

BRAVO!
Amazing store with clothing you won't see anywhere else!
Just purchased chic dress, skinny jeans & a great top that goes with just about anything!
It's great to have store that isn't catering to 18 year olds!

I love this boutique!
So many cute things and different than what you see at Nordstrom and other department stores.
The salespeople are very friendly and honest which I love.
Its reasonably priced for the quality, uniqueness, and style you are getting.
Definitely worth checking out!

Worst experience ever!
I purchased 2 dresses via the Facebook page in July and had them sent to me in Canada.
After receiving my package I realized Heather from the purple skirt sent me the wrong dress.
She then sent me the correct dress but in the wrong size.
arggghh So frustrating!
At this point, my canadian summer is over and I asked for a refund.
Heather confirmed she received the dresses and had processed my refund.
Well that was a month ago and still no refund.
Now my emails and phone calls are being ignored.
I am in the process of doing a dispute through Visa.
I am headed to Arizona next week with 6 girls who LOVE to shop.
I will avoid this store like the plague.
WORST SERVICE EVER!!

Purple Skirt has done a great job at helping bring local up and coming fashion to Phoenix from LA.
Not only does she do this well, she gives a great support local alternative to the Nordstrom's with a fantastic personal touch for fashion minded women and men trying to buy for them(like myself).
Keep up the great work, Heather!

I have always had such a wonderful experience shopping here.
The staff is amazingly fashionable and they really help to put a complete look together.
Heather really goes out of her way to stock her store with one of a kind items that really make anything but the talk of any event I go to.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking to find cute outfits for work or for casual days.

This is the best place to get maxi dresses.
It might be pricier than other places, but the quality and fit are way superior.
I have invested in 1 dress each summer and they are by far my favorite dresses and I get a ton of compliments when I wear them.
I don't see other girls wearing the same ones either.

