They are so friendly and they have an amazing selection of glasses.
This is my new eye doctor because they were the only office that said they could help me with my syte.
So I have switched eye doctors.
Thank you!

It was easy to make an appointment, but the person who helped me out (Todd) on the phone was either having a bad day or he was busy because I felt hurried off the phone.
Once I got there, the optician that helped with my pre exams was really nice, informative, and patient.
Dr. Simms too is very personable and great.
Todd on the other hand felt distant and not very genuine.
Aside from that, my overall experience was great.
The reason why I give this place only two stars are their prices.
I showed my mom the invoice (who is a recent retired optometrist) and said what I was charged was outrageous!
I was even double covered ( overlapping insurance between my wife and I).
I will pay for my lenses and glasses and will be in my way.
I will find a new eye doctor.
Fortunately for me there are plenty to choose from in this area.

My first visit a year ago was amazing, I thought this would be my new family optometrist, boy was I wrong.
This year I went in for a routine contact lens exam and fitting, my insurance benefits say that I have a 80$ allowance for contact lenses and or the exam, no fine print print.
The exam included a normal spectacle exam which was a 15$ copay, and the contact lens exam came out to 55$ out of pocket.
They charged me full price and refused to use my benefits even though they are a preferred practitioner through my insurance.
After jumping through hoops and being entirely belittled by one of their employees named Todd Drake, I finally got a refund and they used my benefits.
This man was extremely rude, and called me "bro" as if I was a friend and not a customer.
I come from retail and customer service and any one who brings us business and pays our bills is always "Sir".
This man ruined my opinion on this optometrist, and I will not be returning.
It's sad because Dr. Simms is a marvelous woman and deserves better employees.

