Great Staff.

Have taken my kids for check-ups for 5 years.
Always friendly, great hygienists!
They also let me go back with the kids if they are nervous,  which I appreciate them not giving me a hard time about it.
Previous dentists I have tried were very cranky about that.
The pediatric dentists are gentle and explain everything.
And the chairs have TV monitors on them playing cartoons, so the kids hardly even notice they're at the dentist's office!
They also love that they get a token to get a prize at the end of each visit.

Overpriced and zero compassion for pain.
DO NOT GO HERE unless you have money to burn and plan on never having pain in your mouth.
Sub par dental office!
They are surgary sweet in the front office and even give you a goody bag just for coming in (spoiler alert...it's not really free, you pay for that in the end-in more ways than one!).
I guess that's to make up for the abrupt and uncompassionate treatment you get from the doctors.
I went in with a broken and painfully infected tooth.
Dr. Green saw me for about 3 minutes and determined I needed an oral surgeon, and sent me off with a prescription for antibiotics.
I never really had a painful dental emergency where I wasn't given something to help with pain, but I figured maybe the antibiotics would take down the pus and swelling and it would feel better and I'd make it with whatever I have at home.
The oral surgeon couldn't get me in for 2 weeks.
A couple days later, I was in pain I couldn't control at home and I called there and Dr. Green REFUSED to give me anything for pain to tide me over till my oral surgeon appointment.
I have NEVER experienced this in my life!!
So now I have to wait nine long days and nights in pain with nothing to relieve it.
It takes a special kind of cruel to do that to another person.
How do they do this to people and sleep at night?
I only hope that doctor has pain and can't get anything for it some day.
Yeah.
I'm mad!
I won't be back, won't recommend them, and am warning anyone reading this!

