Very good salon, on the West side

Now..
I am super picky with my hair but you should know that Lisa is a GENIUS with hair!
She gave me the perfect happy California beach babe blonde!
I couldn't have asked for more!!
Instead for foil for my highlights she used saran wrap.. which sounds CRAZY I know.. but the result was so BEAUTIFUL!
and Just like she said.. the grow out was easy and didn't give me that harsh look that I have experienced in the past.
I'm sure that she has a very high standard for those working around her as well..
If she hadn't moved I would never have gone anywhere else..
In fact, I am thinking about driving to AZ from LA just to see her!!!
I know you'll be satisfied if you go here!

As the daughter of a hairdresser I am very reluctant to let just anyone work with my tresses!
I actually started having Laura do my hair almost by accident.
I had started going here just to have Sonia thread my brows a few years ago.
While going there for several months I always noticed Laura always had someone in her chair and seemed always work some magic.
I was in that market for a new hairdresser so I decided to have Laura do my hair.
I was so happy with the outcome and have been only seeing Laura ever since.
When my mom comes to visit she even has me take her to see Laura to get her hair done.
The entire team is awesome though and I would honestly trust any of the girls to do my hair.
Laura mentored each and every one on her team.

Finally found a place I love.
Meghan is so sweet and always knows what I want.
Staff is very friendly and survives are worth the price.

Meghan is the best!
I finally found someone who understands my unruly curly hair.

I brought in a photo of what I wanted.
Laura ignored it and gave me a short, short hairdo that she liked (or thought would require me to come back monthly).
OK, it was okay, and I went along with it....sigh.
But it was when I saw 2 people at my last 2 visits walk out with crooked haircuts that made me question this place most....until I got home and realized one side of my hair was an inch longer than the other.
Then I said " ' nuff.
"  I don't question that Laura has the talent.
I do question if the hustle to make more money overrules the drive to do great work, which I think is probably the case.
After putting off writing this review for almost 6 months, I decided that someone had to say this as I sat there, watched Laura clean-up another customer who came back complaining her cut was not right and she still walked out with pieces not cut in the back.
The client couldn't probably see it before she left, but I'll bet she saw it when she got home and grabbed a mirror and looked again.
Another customer lost probably.
I'll never go back there myself.

I've only been here twice but have never walked away unsatisfied with my hair!
I highly recommend!

Decided to get away from production grade haircuts....was worth it.
As a guy I do not get all worked up if I do not walk out of there looking like George Clooney everytime but I can tell that the cut is better quality.
I can never get the names of the two sisters right...confuse them all the time.
That is my fault but common.....they look alike.
I have had other girls cut my hair and it was good but I am a creature of habit so I end up with Laura (I think).
Always friendly and I am pleased with this experience.
Worth the extra money over superchop.
I actually had one employee of mine comment that I must be spending more money on my haircuts, which is a compliment..........................I think.....One thing that is cool about this place is that they make an effort to run it in a business like manner.
Little things........that higher end customers notice.
The haircare products are clean and attractively arranged, The communication with the staff is professional and all business.
They actually know something about a haircare product before they try to sell it to you.....They all seem to LIKE coming to work.
They recognize employment achievement of the employees IN FRONT of the customers.
Customers prefer to go to a place that cares about ITSELF.......... ergo it will then care about its clients.
I am not hair expert (most men are not) and it seems like a very SUBjective result.
This place has a good overall vibe and I will continue to go there.
They need to invest in a better music system.
Boom box in the corner is beneath them ;) Still gets a 5

Lisa gave me a great cut.
I am very fussy about my short hair.
At 60 years old I want a stylish haircut but not to look like I am trying to be 20.
Lisa found the perfect balance, a cute,fun cut, perfect for summer.
I've already scheduled another cut and highlights for later this summer.

This place is the best.
I have super unruly hair and they always take great care of it.
They are extremely professional and they will not let you down!
They know what they are doing and are very good at their jobs.
Whenever I walk in, they always remember who I am.
Even though I moved out of the area, I still make the drive just to get my hair done there.
You can't go wrong with Gemini of Chicago!

My sister recommend me to this salon knowing that I am SUPER picky about my hair.
From my very 1st cut with Laura I was hooked!
The staff is great and accommodating, the salon itself it welcoming and always playing great music!!
Laura is my favorite, always talking me through what product will work best for me and how a cut will look!!
This Salon is a must-try!!!

Let me start by saying I've used Yelp to help me select local businesses for the past few years, but have never been moved to write a review until last night.
(If you knew me, you'd be surprised to read this because I love to write reviews and blog.
)  I have very naturally curly hair that I love, but I have never felt like I truly received a good haircut once in my life.
As a teenager, I went from salon to salon out of necessity when I needed a haircut, and it always felt like a chore.
Now as a young professional, I knew the time had come to invest in a really good haircut, and to finally  find a stylist to call my own.
After reading great reviews about Gemini of Chicago on Yelp, I decided to give it a try.
I was sold on the fact that they received great reviews from other women with curly hair.
I called to make an appointment and unfortunately had to cancel on my way there last week due to a freeway closure.
The receptionist was so nice and kept calling me to check in and see if I would be able to make my appointment.
The great assistance I received during this process was impressive, and she easily rescheduled me for last night.
I arrived for an appointment with Lisa and was instantly impressed with how nice the inside of the salon was.
You will instantly forget you're in a strip mall.
There was no overwhelming salon smell; in fact it smelled really good inside.
The receptionist greeted me, offered me a drink, and a seat.
My appointment began right on time, something I've never experienced at other salons.
I was shocked when Lisa sat down to chat with me before she even took me to her chair.
She wanted to know about me and what I wanted.
From that moment on, I fell in love with Gemini of Chicago.
That personal touch will keep me coming back.
Lisa was extremely friendly and she helped me with everything I needed.
I hadn't had a haircut in over a year, so my hair really needed TLC.
The "bowl" area where you get your hair washed is great, and the reclining massage chairs were awesome.
Another fabulous touch.
Lisa recommended a protein treatment for my hair, which I got.
She was so helpful and explained everything she was doing, which really made me feel comfortable.
She offered me certain products, but never made me feel pressured to buy them, something else I loved.
Most importantly, she gave me a FABULOUS haircut.
She also showed me some tips to manipulate my curly hair.
She put in fun layers and showed me some styling tricks.
I left the salon extremely satisfied and happy to have finally found my perfect stylist!
While I am still getting used to my shorter cut and trying to rock out my cut, I am very pleased with the change in style.
I cannot wait to return and see what else Lisa and her team can do with my hair.
I'm a very picky person, but I cannot recommend this place enough: clean, classy, and a very friendly yet professional staff.
This is a hidden gem!

Laura has been doing my hair for almost two years, and I LOVE going to see her.
My cut is always perfect, my color is constantly complimented, and the other stylists are always very friendly.
Before going to Laura, I had an okay cut that I liked, but she made me love my hair again.
I have nothing but wonderful things to say about her work, and I've recommended her numerous times.
She also threads my eyebrows, and when I leave after a full treatment, I feel like a whole new person and I'm proud to show off my look.

Gemini of Chicago is the cats meow!!
I have been going to Lisa for years and have never walked away dissatisfied.
Lisa has cut my hair in multiple styles, each one better than the last.
That is one of the many things that make this salon top notch.
The staff is always friendly and I have never had any issues with scheduling.
I can't imagine going to any other salon or seeing any other stylist.

After having a very BAD experience at another local salon (True Colors Hair and Nails @ Mountainside Fitness) I brought my daughter to Gemini for a trim.
She is eight years old but has long, thick curls and I've seen other hairdressers roll their eyes when I brought her in for a kid's cut.
Not here!
When we walked in to make the appointment I could tell it was a nice little place.
I didn't know anything about the salon but it is close to home, and always busy, so I thought it must be good.
The young woman at the desk was just lovely.
Friendly and courteous.
On the day we came back, we had a very short wait for our appointment.
You could tell all the clients there were regulars, and it was a very homey, comfortable atmosphere.
Sugar cookies on the coffee table!
My daughter's stylist was Robert Taylor.
I cannot say enough nice things.
My daughter likes to chat it up and doesn't want me hanging around while she has her hair done, so I waited in the chairs, but Robert was very friendly with her and spoke to her with genuine interest in what she was saying.
Even though he is a highly educated stylist, he took my daughter's basic haircut seriously and treated us both with respect.
She told him she wanted her hair straightened, and even though it takes longer, he obliged.
He was wonderful with her.
I have already made my appointment (to fix the mess created by the other salon) and I'm very pleased to return to Gemini.
This was a great find.

Lisa is absolutely amazing !!
I only had a deep condition treatment and haircut but I have never had a stylist actually cut my hair right the first time until I saw her, not only did she do a perfect job she didn't make me feel bad about my dry hair, instead she said my hair was thirsty and offered the deep conditioning which NO ONE has ever said or done!
she is the cutest sweetest stylist I have met and I may even drive the 40+ Mins from Scottsdale just to see her from now on!

After hearing, and seeing how Laura did an amazing job on numerous friends and family in my life...I decided to try the salon out for a Man's cut.
I was a little hesitant and first, since I have always went to a barber shop, but Laura completely exceeded my expectations.
SHE ALSO DOES EXCELLENT MENS HAIRCUTS!
Love the vibe of this place, and all of the stylists work great as a team.
Would recommend this salon for any woman or man looking for an excellent stylist.
Will continue to go to Laura, and really had a great experience.

Drove all the way over to this place for a consult for color and cut after I told them on the phone what I wanted they told me they could do it but couldn't get a appointment for three weeks obviously I'm not going to wait that long could they have told me on the phone thanks for wasting my time really who's that busy I see they don't do a good job anyways after some reveiws I missed earlier thank goodness I decided to go somewhere else that actually can color my hair right the first time also told me I would need three appointment to get it the color right all I was trying t o die my hair red

Brooke did a great job on my hair.
She asked what I wanted and really listened and continued to ask my feelings throughout the hair cut.
Everyone at the salon was super nice and answered any question that happened to pop into my head without seeming impatient.

