Very helpful when I had a flat tire.
Got me in and out with no problems and quickly!
They even re-inflated my spare tire and stored it and my jack parts for me.
They went above and beyond IMO.
Eric was very helpful in getting things taken care of for me.

This is one of the nicest tire stores I've seen.
The employees are very friendly and professional.
They perform free air checks for your tires- just pull up and they will happily assist you.
No matter what you need, they always make you feel like you're in good hands.

I received.
Excellent service until I was about to leave.
Upon leaving I checked my new (4 tires) I found that one of my lock nuts was missing.
I was never made aware that I was missing it.
I had to find it myself that's when I was puzzled that while I was waiting(30 minutes in the waiting room) and upon my arrival I was never made aware of it by the sales, installation, or the manager.
My vehicle only has 4 lug nuts and missing one of them it would not be safe.
So that's why I'm giving them only 1 star rating, because SAFETY is very important to me and it should be one of the most important factors for Discount Tire to pass onto their customers.

Amazing service!
I was impressed by how extremely friendly and helpful, despite them being super duper busy.
This is the place to go for tire needs...had two new tires for me in under an hour.
I'll be back!

Awesome customer service and willingness to work with you.
I was about to leave out of town and my front right tire was worn down pretty bad and got a nail in it.
They price matched my tire and ended up saving me more than 60% of what I almost paid at Fletcher's.
Not only did the give me a great deal but they replaced the tire in 30 minutes.
Hands down the best experience I've had with a tire company.

Yesterday, I found a large nail or screw in my tire.
I went to Discount even though I had not purchased my tires there.
I was the first customer that morning and when they opened the doors, I was greeted by Andrew.
He told me he fix my tire for free and next time I needed tires, he would match any bodies price.
I will go back.
I have bought tires from Discount before and got good service.
This store is incredibly clean and all of the workers  are friendly and helpful.

Gotta love discount!
Brought my Honda Accord in here this past week with a flat tire, and they were able to get me a new tire pretty quickly, as well as set me up with a new spare!
Discount Tire must literally be the only company in existence where claiming The word 'discount' doesn't make them shiesters.

