Ok so I am an city girl living in a desert world, but I'm a pretty nice gal, all things considered, I think... Anyhoo, l I have to say the service at Peter Piper Pizza was one of the most deplorable experiences I have ever experienced, and that is saying alot considering that I have been to Chuckie Cheese (which happens to have the worst pizza ...ever).
The food at Peter Piper Pizza was actually quite tasty, but the service was horrible.
The countergirl was rude, and uninformed.
Her supervisor was just as clueless.
As a mother I am subject to these kid-friendly pizza joints, but the service was so bad it made Chuckie Cheese look like an exclusive Club!

I have been to several Peter Piper locations and this was the worst!
We waited in line to order which was not a problem but when we got up to our turn the cash register assistant did not talk to us nor acknowledge us in any way.
We waited at least 10 minutes before she talked to us even when we tried.
It was really rude.
We sat down to wait for our food and were served dessert pizza first and then the pizza came.
Not good when you have a child and you eat dessert first.
We went to the bathroom to clean up before playing games and the bathroom was trashed no towels dirty toliet paper on the floor, disgusting.
Then we went to play games and at least 5 were broken.
I will not go back to this location.
I will stay close to the Peoria one, way nicer!

Nothing overly bad about it.
It's your standard Peter Piper.
I think my problem was more with the clientele than the employees or the facility.
I was born and raised in the barrio, but come on......kids were acting like their parents weren't even there.
When your kids are over ten, you need to let them know that Peter Piper and Chuck E Cheese aren't really for you anymore.
These kids were ten and twelve acting like they were five.
My grandma would have smacked em.
My parents would not have taken us there in the first place.
If it were just for the food and employees, it would be a three.
The customers make it a 2.
Rude!

= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =  This is a smaller Peter Piper but they do have the game & play area properly separated from the dining area.
Things started as always for me at this well run chain with a friendly cashier, this time Merisa, taking my payment.
Then I helped myself to some of each of their 3 tossed salads:  Garden Ranch, Classic Caesar and this month's special, Mandarin Orange, to munch on while my custom ordered pizza was cooked (at no extra charge).
I went with the same combination as the one that was so good a few days ago at a different PPP location:  Thin crust, red sauce, Mozarella, Italian Sausage, Pepperoni, green onions, mushrooms, olives & red onions.
:-)  While my pizza was baking I did have time to go for slices of some of the other varieties that were out, of about ten.
Then one of the staff members alerted me when my "Special" was ready.
"My" pizza (no, I didn't take all of it) was great, & again this was a killer Buffet for the money.
The dining room was a little on the cool side, but the sound was AVERAGE, not "Very Loud" as I see up in the Yelp header.
The entire staff was cheerful & friendly and it was FUN to eat here today, just as they suggest that it will be in their TV commercial!
:-))  Weekday Lunch Buffet $5.99  PS:  All Peter Piper's in the Valley serve beer, but not all the same brands.
:-)

Grade F HORRIBLE.
My kid accidentally put in a coin worth 100 because no one told us about the special coin.
They wouldn't refund nor would they get another one.
Both lady managers were non empathetic and on their phone almost 60% the time.
Always had a good experience at these places but today was the worst ever.
The whole staff seems so miserable and doesn't take their jobs seriously.
Go to another location.
Managers are worst then the workers.
I hate this place so badly right now.
If they weren't fundraising my kid's school, I would have gone BALLISTIC!

Horrible service and deficient management.
When I first moved to Avondale 5 years ago, this was one of our favorite places to visit.
As the popularity of the area grew, the service degenerated.
Go to another location or if your willing to spend more money, go up the street to NYPD, the service alone is worth the extra cost of quality service.

I have had a bad experience here every single time that I've gone.
I have only returned because it is so close to my house and who doesn't love Peter Piper Pizza?
The service is disgraceful.
I've had to wait 1 hour and 45 minutes over what I was quoted.
My orders have been wrong.
And they do not care!
No empathy or even attention for that matter.
I once was blatantly ignored by the staff for 5 minutes until a gentleman behind me kindly got someone's attention - they were too busy gossiping in the back!
Unbelievable.
Customers are clearly discontent and annoyed and their managers do nothing about it.
After this last experience, I am through with this location.
Save your money or spend on something worth your while.

