This is one of the most customer unfriendly stores in the valley.
I repeatedly find items mispriced, the employees are rude and unhelpful, and trying to pricematch anything is like pulling teeth!
They consistently shut the self-checks down early in the evening, the other night they were shutting down at 5:50PM, because "they didn't have enough staff.
"  This leads to 1 open register and a line of people waiting, and nobody seems to care.
I used to (a couple years ago) do most of my shopping here,  now I only occasionally stop for milk on the way home because it's a mile away from the house.
I now do my big shopping elsewhere where they actually provide good customer service, and have ended up saving a few hundred bucks a month on my grocery bill.

I like this Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market as they have everything you need for on the way home items such as milk, pet food and those baby items you need in the middle of the night like Children's Tylenol since Fry's closes at midnight and Safeway an hour earlier.
I have never had any problem with customer service but that's probably because when I used to frequent this store a lot it was after work and 6AM.
When the recession kicked my butt and I lost my checking account I was able to pay my bills using their bill pay service.
Not too bad for .88 cents.
This Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market is A-OK !

Clean and organized yes !
Friendly staff , eh not so much , good luck cashing a check here , it's a 5 step process with 2 different forms of  iD everything must match , and the process takes much longer then other walmarts.
They stock food but don't carry all the same brands as a big walmart.
Pharmacy was great , staff very helpful and cares about saving you money!

The self serve was bad.
Women working rude.

Probably one of the best Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market's.
Very good customer service, helpful pharmacy staff and good Over the counter selection.
Food and meat are always fresh and the selection is perfect.
They also have a Redbox and some of the other vending services like change to cash.

This is pretty much my 'go to' place for groceries during the week.
Seems like I end up here often, especially when I need just a few items.
I prefer stopping here when I just need groceries, as opposed to a 'super' where I have to walk a huge store for a few things.
I have other options, but price and convenience are the main reason I shop here.
I also like that they honor competitor ads.
There is always a day old rack with a variety of baked goods back by the egg and dairy area.
The meat department has meat marked down if you get there early enough.
Isles are usually clutter free.
Money orders are cheap, and you can use a debit card to purchase them.
On the down side, they have no small baskets, only carts.
Many of their carts are wobbly and noisy.
The deli is pretty good, but limited as far as salads.
Produce is decent, but not always the best prices.
Only a few checkouts usually open.
They have self checkout, but sometimes it is closed.
Overall, clean store with good prices.
Easy to get in and out quick.

It's nice that this place is open 24hrs.
Just picked up some more coffee.
Something about a nice cup of coffee just makes perfect sense.
This place was packed leave to do it yourself registers open and it would make life easier.

