The girls working here are so nice!
Iv been going here for a couple years and I have never had a bad experience!

Sincerely appreciate their low key sales approach.
Thanks, ladies!

Let's be honest, even though we live in the Valley of the Sun - some of us are busybodies and don't have time to plank outdoors for hours at a time in pursuit of a bronze bod.
So we cheat a little.
Oh, and if I tried to avoid tan lines while laying out in my backyard my neighbors might have a few choice words to share.
Tanmax is a no frills, get in & get out kind of place and that's exactly what I need.
They have an unlimited tanning membership with zero down and no cancellation fee, all for $10.99/month.
All "beds" are the stand-up type.
They have music and big fans to cool you off.
Max time is 8 minutes but I've only worked myself up to a 6 minute routine personally, in pursuit of a great base-tan before Hawaii in 1 week.
They offer eye-ware and lotion but I don't partake in those.
I supply my own lube and I trust my god-gifted eye lids.

I signed up for a weeks worth of tanning to get just a little tan before I leave on vacation Saturday.
There was a lot of stand up beds, I didn't see any regular lay down beds.
The associate at the front didn't have me do any paperwork just asked for my ID.
She never asked any questions about my skin type or if I burn easy or if I have a family history of skin cancer, nada!
So she said "do you want to do the highest bed for 10 minutes?
" The max time for that bed was 10 minutes!
Uh no thanks.
I told her I do not want to burn so she suggested "6-7 minutes" I said I'll do 6.
I even said "are you sure I won't burn?
" she promised me I wouldn't.
Um I was as RED as a lobster!!
My weeks worth of tan is a waste now because I have to wait that long for the burn just to go away.
I called the manager to get my money back and was told he'd call the next day, well, I'm still waiting for that phone call.
Save your money and go to a place that can educate you on how not to burn and get a gradual tan.

If you're looking for a great, affordable place to tan - this is your spot!!
They have high-quality beds, The place is immaculate and probably the best customer service I have ever had anywhere!
They have multiple ways that you can tan, whether you want to try it out for a week or want a monthly membership - you can't beat their prices!
I have been a member here for nearly a year now and I have never had any issues and the girls are always so sweet and helpful!
(Not to mention they have the best spray tan around!

This place is sooooo cheap...I love it!
The employees are super friendly and this place fits into anybody's busy schedule!

