It's very simple...if you have a Volkswagen and you want it fixed right and you don't want to get gouged, your choices are extremely limited in Phoenix.
Fortunately we have Exklusiv Motorsports.
It's worth the drive from anywhere in the Valley to have Derek take care of your VW.
It's almost mandatory to go here if you have a TDI...all of the dealers in town combined don't have Derek's skill at working on the VW diesels.

I've owned 3 VW's and Derek has worked on them all.
He does great work, extremely fairly priced and he'll go the extra mile to get you back on the road.
Exklusiv is the bee's knees.

Exklusiv also specializes in Audi servicing as well!
Took my car to Mark to get some work done on my A4 3.0 Quattro... these guys know their stuff!
I will never take my car anywere else!

Derek @ Exklusiv Motorsports is the best VW guy in the Valley.
He knows these cars inside and out and is one of the only guys in the Valley that really knows the TDI's.
His prices are extremely reasonable and he is very honest about what needs (or doesn't need) to be done to your car.
Derek has been doing all the work on my 01 Jetta for the last 11 years and I have always been very happy with his service.
From routine oil changes, to power upgrades to complete engine rebuilds, Derek is the guy to see for your VW.
He is not the easiest guy to get ahold of but his work, honesty and pricing are absolutely worth dealing with that small difficulty.

The best place you can take your Volkswagen or Audi, the owner, Derek is an enthusiast and it shows on the quality of work that is performed and probably one of the few guys that knows how to work on older VW's.
This is the only place I will let touch my car.

Derek has been servicing my vw and audi for several years now.
His prices are unbeatable as is his service.
His honesty is also a great welcome.
I couldn't imagine taking my cars anywhere else.

No one better if you own a vw or audi.
Get's repairs done when promised and priced better than anyone around town.
Do yourself a  favor and visit Derek if your vw or audi needs some love.

Never once have I left this establishment without a smile on my face and my VW running tip top!
To add to the experience the staff has personality and it does not cost extra!!
Thank you for your endless VW and Audi expertise.

Since I've bought my first VW Jetta in 2003, I have had 3 different ones.
(2.0 auto, 2.8VR6, and now a mk6 Golf.
) Every motor being different and well known to Derek.
Since I moved, I've been trying to convince Derek to move to San Diego, but that's not happening.
So he'll be my long distance mechanic.
His services and prices will keep me loyal.

Despite the long drive for me  from Chandler, there is no other shop I would rather have work on my car than Exklusiv Motorsports.
Every repair and interaction with the shop and the owner has been fair, professional, and honest.
Many times I have been surprised as to just how much I was saving by avoiding the dealer but still getting outstanding service with none of the dealer fluff attached.
I've been a repeat customer since 2006 and as long as I own a VW/Audi car, this is the only shop to get my business.

Exclusiv Motorsport offers unparalleled service and knowledge on VW/Audi motors.
Derek is personable, honest, and cares about his work.
He recently serviced my carbon caked 2.0T A3, didn't hit me on the extra work hours it took to do the job(correctly), and swapped the t belt.
I was impressed that he kept the quoted 1 day repair time,  showed me the old parts he replaced, and recommend DIY maintenance.
Exklusiv is an excellent choice, in many people's opinions the only choice, for service or high performance applications.
These guys do solid work, no question.

The Audi Whisperer.
I'm thrilled to have found Exclusiv and that they were able to do a lot of deferred maintenance while I was in the area.
Derek also fixed 3 irritating problems not having to do with the main jobs, plus gave me tips and advice about some other items.
Great, great experience.
They are really busy but they communicate and deliver as promised.
Skip the phone and email, go there in person - definitely worth the slight extra time.
I would give Exklusiv 10 stars if I could.

I would avoid this place unless you like to run down to Cave Creek to find out if he was kind enough to work on your car.
He doesn't answer phones and does answer text messages.
His ego is a large larger than his shop.
Is he a good mechanic?--yes.
Is it worth it?
I would NEVER recommend this place to a friend.

I wrote this review haste and didn't intend it to be posted.
It's not a fair review.
The work is top notch and fairly priced.
He is very difficult to reach which can be frustrating.

