NOTICE: This review is for Happy Hour ONLY!
One day I was going to meet a friend half way between our offices.
Applebees was the easiest place to find in the area, so we decided to roll the dice and meet there for a quick after work drink.
Their beer is 1/2 off during afterwork Happy Hour.
So, if an American draft hits the spot for you and you want to spend around $2.50 on it, swing on by.

Food= Yuck.
Service= Not stellar what so ever  Only thing i do love here is their happy hours Half off drinks!!!
L O V E   I T!!!
If i were to go out for a girls night or something i would come here before going anywhere honestly...Only other fun place for happy hours is Devils Advocate Thursday Nights or BJS& Kona Tuesday Nights!

great happy hour!
great neighborhood bar!

Terrible service!
Won't be returning, after moving across the country me and my girlfriend thought we'd stop in to watch a game and get some dinner, little did we know that we'd get sat with Wesley who managed to neglect our drinks as we enjoyed our hot wing apps, couldn't keep up with his tables at all and had no customer appreciation or respect, a nice server from the otherside of the bar had to bring us our food and refills!
Mean while the manager had stopped at every table around us to make small talk as well as be sure that all tables where enjoying there meals, we wanted to stay and watch the whole game but with disgust due to the disrespectful atmosphere we left and on our way out we left a note explaining our disappointing service to get chased down in the parking lot by the now overly aggressive manager who offered to buy us a round of drinks and begged us to come back in and give them another chance...
If she would have comped our meals and handed us a gift card or better yet out money back then and maybe then would we think about returning, but realistically just returning to another location and "friendly neighborhood grill"

They just redid their happy hour... its ALL DAY DRINK SPECIALS NOW.
3 bucks for a tall boy of the diesel.
Sign me up!
Food is always good, didnt have any the last time I was there tho.

