My girlfriend brought her laptop in to these jokers because the battery wouldn't charge.
They charged her for 2 hours of labor to re-solder the power socket inside the computer before realizing that the problem was in fact the charger cable itself that was bad.
So, they charged her another $60 for a universal power adapter (the kind with attachments to fit all different types of laptops) instead of just ordering the OEM one.
This "universal" charger gets super-hot, and caused the battery to heat up a lot as well.
Now the battery is completely dead - I suspect because the "universal" charger is rated at 6.4 amps whereas the OEM one was rated at 3.4 amps, as I just found out.
These guys dropped the ball in a number of ways, and charged her nearly $200 to do it - an OEM charger costs $20 on eBay, and would have solved the problem had it been properly diagnosed.
Normally I'd say support your local merchants, but these guys are hacks.

I am the owner of an IT consulting company that has been assisting small businesses in the Valley since 1997 and found Extreme Micro in 2007.
I have been using them exclusively for system builds, parts, and sometimes service ever since.
Their prices are extremely competitive, their customer service is top-notch, and if I ever have a warranty issue, they replace the faulty part lickety-split.
I have used other local businesses for systems and parts in the past and had issues with timely customer service, consistency, and the availability of parts...this has never been an issue with Extreme.
I have ordered hundreds of workstations, laptops, and servers from them over the years and have never once had a major issue.
I have also recommended them to several clients to order systems directly, and they have never been disappointed.
I can't speak highly enough of their customer service and quality.
I must be right, considering the fact that every time I am in their store, there are other IT consultants and service providers in there as well.
If the pros like us go there, they must be doing something right.

I am a business owner that has over 16 computers.
Every time I call extreme they have what I need.
I have many computer issues and the staff gets me handled ASAP!
Being in retail sales you could not put a price on that service.
I  wouldn't go anywhere else!

They made my old, virus riddled computer work great again.
And their prices are fair as long as you know what you want.
Don't be talked into anything you don't want to pay for.
Great service at a competitive price.
I am happy.

In 12/13, my husband's Lenovo laptop screen was damaged.
Extreme Micro was recommended to us and they had the screen replaced in 2 days.
In 4/14, the replacement screen went black.
Under warranty, Extreme Micro replaced it at no charge (except for overnight shipping at my request/expense).
Lenovo would not send the new screen until they received the "bad" one back at the factory which would have taken too much time.
I find the staff very helpful and would recommend them to anyone.

