Went to Famous Nails because they usually have better coupons and when you pay cash and  it beats a lot of the other nail salons.
BUT, beware of hidden costs.
For example, I had a nail fill and a 14.99 coupon (cash only) The girl asked me if I wanted my nails shorter I said sure as I always do at other salons and there is NEVER  a charge for making my nails a little shorter.
So BEWARE they add an extra $1.00 to your bill for making your nails a little shorter.
If I would have know that I would have made them shorter myself.
Also, the full set of nails they apply do not last long, not even two months.
I had a full set put on from them and in a month the girl told me I needed a NEW set.
So, I got a new set and they CHARGED an additional $5.00 to take their old nails off.
My advise is to soak them off yourself.
They never tell you they have hidden charges so if you go make sure you always ask!
I will not be going back there because of this.

Got a new lady and it was the worst pedicure ever.
Looks Like I painted my own nails, so I call salon to fix now been sitting here for 45 min watching them take all the new walk-ins:/ don't think I'm coming back.

Love this place!
Great service, great people & great prices!!
The owners are awesome & the place is very clean!
Will be back a lot!

i have to admit i have mixed feelings about Famous Nails.
THE GOOD: it is close enough to my house that i could walk there.
i have been going to this salon as a loyal customer for more than 4 years.
i come in once a month and i always get the same service which is a smooth heel pedicure.
about 90% of the time i make an appointment in advance.
and i am always generous to the tech, ALWAYS tipping $10 for a $35 pedicure.
i have mostly been satisfied with the pedicures i have received by all the techs who have come and gone since i started being a customer here.
yesterday, the owner tom was the one who gave me my pedicure.
the shop is always clean.........THE BAD: the part that bothers me is that even though i only spend $35 a month for services at this shop, i am a loyal customer.
and even though i hear the owners routinely greet other customers by name, and make small chit chat with them, i have never had that basic courtesy extended to me.
i get the same monotone "can i help you?
" from the owner each time i come in.
never a smile, and never a "nice to see you again" or any such greeting that includes my name.
this is a small mom and pop shop that is never full when i come in.
i wonder how many other customers have not returned because they have not felt like valued customers?
i am sure it couldn't be that difficult to remember the name of a customer who shows up regularly, is polite and kind to all the techs, tips generously, and always includes her name when she she calls in to make an appointment.
and one who has referred friends and family to the shop  .......... i was beginning  to wonder if it was just me being too sensitive.
you, know, expecting too much.
so, as a test i tried another salon 3 months in a row and on the second and third visits to the other shop, i was warmly greeted by name and made to feel that my business was appreciated.
i returned here to Famous Nails yesterday to see if anything had changed.
sadly, no.
same standoffish attitude, different day;  .................so, since both places provide the services i seek, and the prices are comparable, although i would love the convenience of a place close enough to walk to, and would love to stay with a shop i have devoted 4 years of my time to, for me, it really does boil down to feeling appreciated and feeling that i am being treated with respect.

