The wait at the Pharmacy and Customer Service desk is always outrageous.
They need to staff better on weekends.
Plus the Pharmacy needs longer hours.

good selection and value.
The one Yelp frustration is while inside store it tells me I'm too far away.
Yelp thinks it is north of the I-10 its the southwest corner of Watson and Yuma.

I have it with this store.
This is the main reason I have decided to buy local shares of meat, vegetables and milk.
I was constantly moving out of the employees way as I walked through the store.
The aisles are extremely cluttered, where two carts can hardly pass each other.
The music is way to loud.
The meat and produce sections are lacking quality.

I've shopped in this store since the day it opened and have never had a rude cashier, ever.
The store is always neat and clean.
If I have any issues at all it would be with the deli department.
Twice I've been in a hurry, picked up a hot container of deli fried chicken for dinner and found it to be so hard, dried out and greasy it was pretty much inedible.
The cats enjoyed it, though.

I have mix feeling about this Fry's I guess depending on the day you do is the service your going to get.
Sometimes the produces is not the quality you would expect from a Fry's store.
Their was a time that I stopped shopping at Fry's and started going to a market in downtown Buckeye.
Now I'm back at Fry's because it's a little more convenient for me.
I think something might of change in management because every time I go and all of the lanes have someone they open up a lane to help me.
Even though some of the cashiers get a little bothered when I ask for paper instead of plastic.
Which I personally don't know why they use less bags!
So you see my I don't know what to think of it maybe when they open the Fresh N' Easy off of Miller I might determine then which I would prefer.

I like this frys.
Not busy,  Isles are clearand clean.
Not that busy either.
Shelves are well stocked and workers are actually helpful if they see you wandering.

I am so thankful for this Fry's and the great people who work here.
Trevor in the pharmacy went out of his way to help me over the phone with my prescription issues due to a new insurance.
Thank you Trevor!
You are awesome and it is people like you that keep me coming back and making Fry's my only choice when it comes to groceries and pharmacy.

I am not reviewing the store yet just the gas pumps.
I do not like the arrow deal that you have at this  FRYS gas station.
Half the world does pay attention to the lines and arrows on pavement to go in a certain direction.
But at the same time the other half does not.
Just get rid of them.
The ones that do not use arrows are making getting gas a struggle at this location.
I have came here to these pumps several times and see the same thing every time.
Ok I am done.

I absolutely love this store.
I want to call it a grocery store, but it has everything!
Its like a super clean grocery store but you can buy everything else, furniture, gas grills, lamps, tea pots.
Its huge.
They even have a sushi station.
The home department is awesome.
We ended up buying a lot of home goods such as blankets and towels.
One of the items that we purchased was a small rug and it didn't have a price so the manager gave it to us for free because we purchased so many things.
They have good quality home products.
They are very friendly here and they go out of their way to help you.
The store is extremely clean and they carry everything!
I wish they had Fry's in Boston!

I'll be honest, the main reason I shop at this store is because it is literally 1 mile from my house.
Depending on what we need we may actually go to the WalMart across the street.
Really Fry's prices on many things is quite high.
When they put something on sale the price is good though.
The store is usually pretty clean and visually appealing.
There is a huge epidemic with carts in the parking lot.
They could probably hire someone specifically to shag carts all day.
Honestly I have learned that in Arizona people are way too lazy to walk even a few feet to put their carts away, but that is another story.
Watch this store on a Wednesday it is over run with seniors looking for their 10% off.
Honestly the checkers could stand to be quicker also.

There are some of the prices that seem a little high, but the selection is very good, and the staff is very helpful and quite friendly.
It is probably my favorite place to shop in the area.

I have emailed corporate 2 times in the past couple of weeks.
There have been no carts available at the entrance to the store mainly because they are strewn through out the lot.
The staff has become rather snobbish when you ask them about it too.
They just say they are too busy to get to them and that the manager is unavailable when you ask to speak with them.
We have started shopping at the WalMart across the street.
Better prices and better service.
I will sacrifice some quality for this.

