A DUMP!
I made the mistake of booking this place because I thought it was a HAMPTON INN.... and it was close to my business location.
It looks like a hampton in on the website and the picture depicts hampton inn... any how... unsafe, dirty, untrained staff... the management couldn't give a clam about this place...
I got my rental car broken into the first night and when I told the fornt desk to contact their security and make a note they said I should call the police... like it wasn't their problem... housekeeping never cleaned my room and I had to ask for clean towels and shampoo when I got back to the hotel... if you book this place and give them your money... well...then you are to blame.... stay away from here because they should be out of business... to top it off... my conforter at Comfort in had a nasty blood stain or looked like a blood stain.... who knows what kind of crap happens in this hotel.... but cleanliness is not one of their strong points to say the least...NEVER AGAIN... NEVER...

Decent as far as Comfort Inns go.
Not the greatest neighborhood.
The staff was very friendly and the housekeeping respected my do not disturb sign the entire week I was there:)

Considering the low price, this place was a amazing.
Convenient -- not much of a neighborhood, but who cares?
Large, comfortable, attractive rooms - quiet!
Lovely staff, comfortable beds, good wi-fi.
Didn't try out the pool but it was always empty and looked invited.
I'll definitely stay here again!

For the price $74 tax included you can't beat this place.
It's not a 5-star hotel, but it is the best bang for your buck.
Especially if you're on a budget.
The front desk girl was very attentive, helpful and let me check-in early.
It is safe here, close to the freeway and quiet.
It's walking distance to ihop.
So my son's happy, lol.
The rooms are nice and clean.
We had 2 queens and non-smoking.
We loved it!
They have a nice continental breakfast.
Make your own waffles, biscuits and gravy, scrambled eggs, coffee, oj, apple juice, crereals, toast, muffins, yogurt, etc., There is also a nice fitness center and pool down the first floor hall.
I recommend and would come here again!!

The hotel was great.
The front desk folks could have been a little more pleasant, but overall they were ok. My room was very comfortable.
The bed was great.
Flatscreen in the room with several HD channels.
My room overlooked the pool and where I parked my car.
There are several places to eat and fuel up if you need to.
The hotel is very close to the highway.
The free breakfast was very good.
The wifi was free and fast.
My only compliant is not with the hotel but with the way the Choice Privileges handled my stay.
Due to the fact that I booked my stay using points (10,000 points) my stay did not go towards my account.
On this entire trip I stayed at different Choice Hotel chains.
The Choice Privileges people should be ashamed by not allowing me to have my points and credit for this stay.
Nothing against this hotel, but this is the type of treatment that makes me want to avoid any Choice property ever again.
Lesson learned Choice Privileges folks, I WILL NOT STAY AT A CHOICE PROPERTY EVER AGAIN IF I'M BOOKING WITH POINTS!!!!!
Because of this, I do not qualify for the free night promotion that Choice is currently running with their Choice Privileges program.

