I was introduced to Pinnacle Restoration in Mesa AZ through my insurance company and my Insurance Agent, The Arizona Group.
I unfortunately had a water leak in my condo, and it caused damage to the walls, floors, and ceiling in a certain area.
1) They were very professional 2) They were very flexible 3) They were courteous 4) They were responsive 5) They were prepared with the right equipment  All of this allowed my condo to be restored in a timely manner.
They even did some things for me out of courtesy, just beyond the scope of work that they were assigned to do.
I definitely think they are a professional company.
I would recommend Jere Webb and his crew to anybody needing services like this.
While I hope that I never have a water leak again, I definitely may engage Pinnacle in the future, and hopefully not in the same circumstance as this time.
Hopefully it would be something like a home restoration of a "new" purchase where the insurance company is not involved, but I am not sure what exactly Pinnacle's business model exactly is, and if they only do insurance work.

I was referred to Pinnacle Restoration by a friend for the broken water pipe while I was at work.
My house was basically a giant swamp when I came home and there was a lot of damage!
With that I did a look on Yelp to see what the reviews were because this is my home and I wanted it repaired by a reliable company and needless to say I completely agree with Rahul's review!!!
They were spot on and very professional and very flexible with my work hours.
I have no clue what Christine is talking about since she had water damage and said some untrue things based on my experience.
Having said that now down to the review, Pinnacle was very informative about what the water damage is and will do.
So I had an idea of what the expect, now without tearing out everything there is no true way to see how much damage the water did and I understood that.
But the service was great and the problem was fixed in a timely manner.
I'd definitely use Pinnacle again but hopefully under better circumstances if there is one for a home disaster!!

Without giving too much detail because my friend and her family are still being held hostage by this company for a LENGTHY time although the job was a small simple one.
The work has been shabby and unprofessional.
My friend and her family have been displaced for several months adding inconvenience to multiple families with no end in sight.
I just want to say if this company comes to your door to do any repairs no matter how small BEWARE.

Well they are back in their home.
The work is so bad!
So so bad!
Every day they find something else damaged, encluding their furniture.
Still dealing with the insurance company but will post the pictures.

I don't know what to say, I hope you are reading this before they were sent to you usaa sent them to my daughters.
Im so upset every day she finds something else.
I am so disappointed in usaa.
This was just an inconvenient leak .. wasn't horrible damage ... not life altering but now because of Pinnacle Restoration it is a daily reminder of how awful it can be to let a stranger in to your home.
If you want to see the rest of the pics or hear the detailed account message me.

I don't believe it my daughter just told me when she reviewed the billing to USAA.
The bathroom the one they left totally disgusting they billed for replacement flooring in that room.They billed for work that wasn't even needed!
I just can't believe this company.
They knew they saw the crappie work both the project manager and owner.
The first time we complained about the workmanship.
The owner went to the condo he saw the mess he said he would make it right.
Not only is it not right but then he pads the bill!
Wiskey Tango Charlie!

If you are looking for CUSTOMER SERVICE, I would suggest you GO ELSEWHERE!
Byron came out on a Friday.
Told him I had a 2 week deadline.
Said he would call on Monday: ...No call Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday  ...I sent email on Wednesday ...I called Thursday "morning", spoke to Jessica and she said Byron would call.
He called at 6:46pm, left message and made no other efforts to contact me despite having 3 phone numbers.
...I called them again on Friday at which time Byron said  they were not going to do the job (about $3,000) ...Asked him why he didn't call me on Monday knowing I was on a deadline and his response, "It was a busy week.
"  Thanks Pinnacle Restoration for leaving me in a bind.

