Great staff always friendly and offer a great tasting and speedy service

I've stopped here twice when I was out that way for  DODGERS spring training.
Both times I went through the drive through and ordered frap Java Chip.
Frab Java Chip has 2 road bumps, 1 all the ice has to be ground up well enough to get through the straw.
2 all the java chips haveto be ground  up well enough to get through the straw.
This location is 2 for 2 and  that is better then  I can say for any other starbucks I've been too.
It's much appreciated when they do things right.

i went here to get two passion fruit tea but when i went to my wallet i was short in cash.
The staff there were very nice and told me don't worry.
After that pleasent experience, they will always have my business.

always fantastic service!!

The drive through barista has been a bit surley when I have visited there.
Today the credit card receipt blew out their window and the barista only said "lovely" and stomped away as if it was my fault?
They seemed a little rude.

I come to this Starbucks location 1 to 3 times a day.
The staff are always cheerful and pleasant and if there's ever a problem with my order (which is very rare), they fix it promptly and with a smile.
I love this place!
By far they are the best Starbucks in the Phoenix area and I have mostly been to all of them.
Keep up the great service guys.....you rock!

This is a great little Starbucks.
The fact that they have a drive thru alone puts them at the maximum alloted stars.
But, the people that work here have always been friendly.
When I used to live a few blocks away I went here a couple times a day.
I was just back in town for a few days and came here everyday and they are still holding strong with their customer service.
If you live in this part of Glendale, you probably know that not too many places have employees who smile or seem happy but this Starbucks has hired some good people it seems.
Definitely worth the drive if it's a little out of your way.

Quiet and mellow location.
Great for work/study.
There is an outlet with 6 adapters in the corner of the store.The sofa chairs and one table have easy access to it.
If you have a long cord, other tables can reach it as well.
At the other end of the store, there is a table with an outlet.
Staff seem friendly and there is plenty of parking.

For a company as large as they are, they sure do know how to do things right.
I don't often take out a loan to get coffee, but when I do, I make it a Starbucks.

You can never go wrong at a Starbucks for coffee and a quiet chill place for studying or anything really.
Just a tip, once you get here and you see any availing tables or chairs grab it.
They go fast here because this is a smaller coffee shop.
Other than that, as always great staff and great enviroment.

I've been going to this Starbucks for several months now.
the Batistas are always friendly.
The drive-thru can get congested, but most.that have a drive-thru seem to have that issue from time to time.

Sitting at this Starbucks right now and am witnessing the same rude customer service I just received.
I walked in and was not greeted except with "I will be right with you".....
I wait a minute or two and am greeted again with same response.
The barista was just standing there punching in numbers and complaining about cups or something.
Then when I finally ordered, I felt as if I was inconveniencing her.
Before my order was completed she was helping the person behind me.
Asked if they wanted their regular.
Let me repeat, my order was not completed!
Then he gets his order way before I got mine.
Just frustrating to say the least.
I really like the location of this but just awful service today.
Awful.
Seems like this barrista picks and chooses who she wants to be friendly to.
End Rant.

Generally good service (a few baristas aren't as friendly as others).
Drive thru is almost always quicker than going inside, despite how long the drive thru line may be.
Drinks are consistent, which is important- some Starbucks tend to be inconsistent.
When they do make the rare mistake, they own up to it and fix it.

Just disappointed in there prepared foods as quality has dropped significantly lately.
I understand baristas are rushed and don't expect perfection everytime but the protein boxes and salads have been wilted lately, have had old fruit, missing salt for my egg and only 7 grapes this time.
I just think the price is absurd for the tiniest quantity of food to be of poor quality.

There are some awesome people here a few not so...sways confused over cafe expresso and just expresso... that's annoying

The baristas were nice enough but the service was incredibly slow.
There was no line when I came in but apparently there were at least 2 or 3 orders ahead of me ... and they didn't start serving the first one ahead of me until 2 minutes of waiting.
I got the chocolate chip blended drink and it was really icy ...
I've had the drink before and it's usually creamier.
Very disappointing.

