We are real estate brokers with Coldwell Banker and have many clients who have used Aaron Lending to purchase and re-finance their homes.
He has always given them excellent service and is very competitive with his rates.
We have never had one client say they were dissatisfied with his service.
That's a hard thing to find.
Financing a home can be scarey but Aaron takes all the guess work out of the process.
He's smart and great at what he does!
We have recommended his before and we will keep on referring him.
Thanks for making our job easier, Aaron!
Kirsten and Doug H.

We worked with Aaron for our mortgage and could not be happier with the results.
The sub 5% rate with no points is amazing but the service was even better.
I especially liked the step by step checklist keeping us informed of where we were in the process, the specific actions we had to take, when we had to take them and what to expect next.
The personal interaction was professional, the documents were always on time and information was always accurate.

Aaron is awesome!!!
I bought my house almost three years ago and unfortunately didn't have Aaron Lending do my mortgage, only because I didn't know him at the time, but Aaron has put me on his famous watch list as he has got all of my info and will call me when there is  a better rate out there for me.
I wish I would of come across this originally, instead someone wanted to just put me in a home and a crappy mortgage, I know that wouldn't of happen with Aaron Lending.

Aaron is the best you will find in lending.
He is trustworthy and genuinely interested in doing what is right.
You will not find anyone that will work more diligently for you.
This is tough to find in a very unstable industry.

As a residential Realtor, I am constantly being asked for referrals.
None do I give so proudly as those to Aaron Walker.
He is reliable, friendly, and straight forward...some of the most important qualities you should look for in a mortgage broker.
I have and do still recommend that home buyers speak with Aaron before making any preliminary financing decisions.

Aaron is someone I would recommend a million times over if you're looking for a mortgage person.
This was our first time buying a house and Aaron went above and beyond to make sure we understood everything along the process.
Aaron made us feel very comfortable... we couldn't have asked for a better first-time home buyer experience.

I have known Aaron for about 4 years now and I would highly recommend Aaron to anyone looking to purchase or refinance a home.
I referred a client to Aaron and she was very impressed.
He stayed in contact with her and kept her up to date on the process.
She even thought he was "Canadian" because of how nice he was.
Aaron keeps his clients' best interest in mind.
He helps them stay responsible in their lending so that they can enjoy their homes for years.

Aaron is a trustworthy and hard working professional.
He will fight to get you the best deal and then stick by you through the entire process.
I highly recommend Aaron and his entire staff.

Top reasons I am a HUGE fan of Aaron Lending:  -Very responsive to clients -Honest and Informative -Does not play traditional lendor "games" -Aaron works as hard for every client as he would for himself -An expert in his field and knows how to get you the best mortgage available  Aaron lending is without a doubt the best lendor I have worked with!

Aaron Walker, the man behind Aaron Lending LLC, and I have been colleagues and friends for 10 plus years.
When we worked together he was always professional, knowledgeable and well prepared.
Those same traits have carried over to Aaron Lending LLC.
I did a refi with him 4 or 5 years ago.
It was a great experience.
I highly recommend his services.

