a wide variety of rustic looking furniture and artifacts ... similar to Razmataz furniture, but maybe a little more light weight wood  only open Wed - Sat 10:00am - 6:00pm  Note: Is now located at Germann & Dobson in Chandler, moved from Mesa recently.

This place is an ecliptic store of all sorts.
You will be amazed at every twist and turn and assuredly find something you think you really need.
Take a peek!

Loved EVERYTHING in this store.
It's very shabby chic and for anyone who loves Potato Barn this is right up your alley!
The cool thing is that they also will customize the pieces for you and the fabric selection is great!
If you're looking for something different, pretty and great quality this is it.
There were only a few items I thought were priced a little high, but if you're looking for quality I guess that's something to expect.
If you have eclectic taste, check it out.

I really love Crowded House.
I bought a couch and cushioned chair from here a little over two years ago.
We love it!
Six months ago we purchased this cute light blue chair and love that as well.
And now I'm looking for a new dining table so we're going to go there today!
I can't get enough of all their decor and I love how the sales people never bother you.
If you need something just find someone and they'll help you.
I'll always go to crowded house (or potato barn) before going to other furniture stores who always have the save mass produced crap.
At least here you get to find more unique pieces.
Plus you can also order pieces in different colors or fabrics as well!
Love this place!

I absolutely LOVE this store!
Quality pieces that are so unique!
Wish I would have found the store sooner...like right when we moved here!
A lot of their pieces are big and chunky, which I really like, but I think just about anybody would find something they liked here!
Great sales people...I was even allowed to bring a lamp I was unsure about home with me before actually buying it (since they don't allow returns once you buy it).
I love it!!
Now that is great customer service!

