I've been frequenting the Dollar store for the past three weeks while shopping for a work project.
I have bought just about every pair of safety scissors in Phoenix, playdough, and other small manipulatives for elementary reading and math kids.
Anytime I need cleaning supplies for home I head straight to this Dollar Tree Store.
They have the BEST carpet cleaner called LA's Totally Awesome Carpet Spot and Stain Remover.
It really works!!
The Dollar Tree is a great place to stock up on cheap party decorations.
Shopping at the Dollar Tree is kinda like buying a Saturn.
You know the price before you walk in and how much you're going to spend before you check out.
I love that!

I shop here often because I'm on a budget.
The only things I don't like about this store are the other customer's behavior and long lines with usually only one register open.

This Dollar Tree was initially difficult to find, but I finally did.
It's on the south side of Thomas near 40th Street.
It's actually quite well-stocked and neat for a Dollar Tree; I've been in Dollar Trees that were really messy and unorganized.
This store has greeting cards, gift wrap/bags, a kitchen section, toys, home cleaning products, home decor, and a large section of food.
I came for cards and gift wrap, but you could really save some money by buying things for home that cost more elsewhere.
Hey, I'm definitely not above saving money OR shopping at Dollar Tree!

Wow!
This store is HUGE!
I honestly think it is the biggest Dollar Tree I have ever been in.
The store is well lit, well stocked, and for the most part, clean and organized.
The only downfall is that they only had 1 checkout lane open, which was about 7-8 people deep.
I felt bad going through with a rather large (30 item) order.

I live an equal distance between the Dollar Tree and a 99 Cents Only store.
This store is a good dollar store to get some items like cheese curds (sometimes), toiletries, and some dry snack foods.
While this is a good location, I prefer the 99 Cents Only store because they have a produce department and usually a better selection of healthy snack foods like pistachios.

Now there are many stores that are specific to only selling "Dollar" merchandise.
This one I have to say truly is worth every buck you spend.
This is a large store will mass inventory all for a dollar or less.
Large isle filled with all the great stuff people like from the floor to the top of the shelf.
I frequent shop this location.
It is not the neatest (meaning isles neat and organized).
They don't seem to have anyone walk the floors to straighten the isles.
Some isles are a complete mess due to mass stock of items.
They also have long lines at the register.
They could use an extra cashier especially when it is busy.
However, I will not frown apon that as this store really has many great qualities.I am always greeted.
The staff is super friendly and willing to help.
There are many great options to choose from which is why I always return.

