God only knows how a company can hire such incompetent and disorganized employees.
Does Nationwide provide any training in customer service at all????
I just don't get it.
With so many thousands of bright people looking for work, how does a national company end up with such terrible employees?
I mean, how difficult is it to do an accurate eye exam and send it to the lab to get processed?
(Based on my experience here, it must be about as difficult as flying to Jupiter, as they can't seem to get ANYTHING right.
)  I've had five experiences with this Nationwide branch (eye exam, 2 types of glasses), and each one has resulted in major errors resulting in delays in receiving glasses.
The employees don't listen, don't write things down, don't follow up, and worst of all they act like they are doing you a favor by even being there.

Great service by Angela and their Doc First time I don't have to wear reading glasses as they switched me to a mono contact Very enjoyable experience and very quick Had a issue with a contact and they track a replacement done right away Definitely recommend

First, the couple good parts: the docs have always been nice and fairly competent.
unfortunately, i've had a different one every single time i've been there so I don't have any loyalty to them.
the technicians have been fine as well.
But the rest of the staff...yikes!
They are incompetent and downright rude (they were talking crap about me, other customers, other employees in earshot of everyone).
I tried explaining that the doctor told me I could go home, call them and tell them the brand, features, etc I was already wearing, and then they would finalize my prescription.
The "lady" I was passed off to then 1) pressured me to buy contacts from them rather than online and 2) when I refused, proceeded to make it as difficult as possible for me to get contacts from anywhere else.
Despite what the doc said, she said that I had to come back for a trial pair because they didn't have any in stock (great!
) then I'd have to come back a third time for a follow up.
Ridiculous.
They didn't get the trials in for over a week.
I finally made it back in two weeks after that.
After more arguing, I convinced them to let me have a follow up right there and then because I was already wearing the contacts I wanted and this time I brought the actual box and contact case with all the information, so I didn't need the trial pair.
Doc approved, I grabbed my contacts lens Rx and bounced.
I also needed new glasses but I wasn't giving Nationwide any more business so I went to a Lenscrafters.
At Lenscrafters, they needed my eyeglass Rx (Nationwide had only given me a copy of the contact Rx) so they called Nationwide.
Nationwide refused to turn over the prescription unless I faxed a release, which of course took them a half hour.
The lady at Lenscrafters was stunned.
She had never had to do that and didn't even have a release form because most places will just fax the prescription over no problem.
By the way, you're not a nationwide chain so your name is stupid.
Never again, never again.

I've been going to nationwide for three or four years.
The staff seems young and earnest, but occasionally clueless.
But, I won't be going back.
I got an eye exam in January, paid the extra 40 bucks for the contact exam, got trials in February then got sick.
Life threateningly ill.
I wasn't able to go in for a follow up until now.
Company policy says that after 30 days, I need a new contact lens exam.
No exceptions.
So, I'll be making my next appointment somewhere where they show some kindness and understanding.
And I'll be contesting that charge on my credit card.

I liked the optometrist that did my eye exam, but was disappointed with the limited selection of frames

