Got a decent deal on Groupon so we decided to make a balloon ride our anniversary/my birthday present.
The staff were very friendly and respectful, the ride was very smooth and memorable; and afterwards there was a champagne and goodie "picnic" where we all got to socialize while they packed up the gear.
Any more than 4 passengers/basket will be a tight squeeze and sort of uncomfortable after a while; so if you can afford a private ride for less I recommend that; otherwise I recommend organizing a group of folks that you don't mind rubbing up against ;)

Yesterday my 2 children and I celebrated my Dad's 75th Birthday with a Hot Air Balloon Ride over Gilbert.
It has been my Dad's dream to soar above Gilbert so he could see his home from above.
What an adventure we had.
Ironically we took off right across the street from my home and soared west towards my dad's.
The view from above was spectacular.
Shane was our pilot.
His professionalism and focus on maintaining our safety.
Made our trip a memorable one.
Knowing there is no guarantee where the winds would take us, Shane fulfilled my Dad's dream.
We have great shots of both of our homes from above!.
Thanks Shane for a great ride.
I highly recommend Aerogellic Ballooning.

My husband and I were looking forward to this after seeing some balloons sail over our neighborhood but this wasn't the great adventure we were hoping for.
The basket was packed with 8, yes EIGHT, passengers plus the pilot.
Even though we met as instructed at 5:15am we didn't take off until after the sun came up.
We went straight up and pretty much stayed in one spot.
Maybe because of too much weight?!
Shane was also our pilot but we weren't impressed with him at all.
His complaining about his ground crew and HOA's who don't like him landing in their neighborhoods showed a lack of professionalism.
What a disappointment.

My best friend and I went on a 5am hot air balloon ride for her birthday last Friday and IT WAS AMAZING.
I booked our ride a few weeks in advance with Jessica and was able to get the date we wanted with no problem.
The meeting location was easy to get to, Shane, the pilot, was hilarious, knowledgeable, made us feel safe, and the view over Gilbert was phenomenal.
I would definitely recommend Aerogelic!

Our family celebrated my mother's 80th birthday with a balloon ride.
We wanted to fly out of the East Valley (Chandler/Gilbert area).
Aerogelic Ballooning was the only one taking off in this area.
They have a very safe flying record.
Shane's experience, great stories, and humor made this a wonderful flight.
We thoroughly enjoyed our day and flight.
Would recommend Shane and this company to anyone.

Is there anything that brings smiles to peoples' faces better than a balloon?
My kids and I have been  watching balloons in the area for the last 4 years.
We consider living  in an area that is conducive to ballooning a definite plus!
We have watched many, many landings and I can only say that this crew makes it look easy!
Obviously lots of experience and talent here... top notch professionals.
When I look around at those who come to see the landings, everyone is happy... laughing, clapping, smiling.
Kids and adults alike want to see and touch the larger than life balloon.
The crew is very kid-friendly.
We recently had the luxury of going on a flight and all I can say is AWESOME!
I hope Chandler is still a place for balloons in the future when my 2 young kids are grown.

These guys rock!
I took my whole family on a balloon ride for my Mom's birthday.
We did the sunrise ride mid March.
The winds were too high on our original day and so we went the next day.
The team that helped us were very original and you could tell their love of flight.
They were friendly, explained any questions that we had, and took us on an excellent balloon adventure.
A great tradition and toast we had on a beautiful morning!
The estimated time that was given was spot on for total time to plan for this.
Thank you for an awesome memory!

My boyfriend and I had a fantastic time up in the sky!!
It was my Xmas present and it was so much fun!
I thought I was going to be scared to death being lifted off the ground at 100 miles an hour and floating into things.
That totally did not happen.
The balloon slowly lifted up and off we went!
The landing was also smooth with no complications, although we were forewarn that it could be bumpy if the wind picked up.
It was light and felt like I was on cloud 9 admiring the scenic beauty of our city and desert.
Shane was extremely funny and my boyfriend got a kick out of his humor.
I read a few of the negative reviews on here, and I'd just like to say, 8 passengers is not overcrowded at all for the smaller basket.
Each pocket can easily fit two people that totaled 600lbs from my speculation.
My boyfriend and I totaled 370lbs and had plenty of room to move around.
So unless you are super obese, I don't see an issue.
I would highly recommend them for an experience well done!
Thanks!

Had a great time, Shane and Andy were funny, knowledgeable and excellent pilots.
Great anniversary present for my wife :) get a group of friends together and he may give you a good group rate ;) besides its more fun with friends!

