Belly Rubz is the best!
They have a nice facility both indoors and outside.
Dogs are supervised at all times and separated by large and small size.
For grooming, they do a very professional job...and your dog gets to stay and play all day!
For boarding, they have nice large private kennels.
We feel very comfortable leaving our pup there as they really take care of him.
The best part of all is the staff!!!
Everyone there truly loves animals and cares for your dog as if it was their own.
Oh, and they sell high quality dog food at great prices!
Couldn't say enough about this place.

Love Belly Rubz!!
At first little Oscar was timid about me dropping him off but when I came to pick him up he didn't want to quit playing!
He has really bad separation anxiety and hates kennels, so it is always worrisome when we try a new groomer.
He loved playing and came out looking so handsome!
We will be returning to Belly Rubz this week for some more play time and grooming!

We love Belly Rubz!
All the staff members are always so nice and comforting and you can tell everyone working, genuinely loves animals!
Our dog is always a little scared when we first drop him off and the staff does such a good job of not only making him happy but also letting us know he is in good hands!
We love that the dogs are out playing and running around all day and our pup always seems happy(and exhausted) when we pick him up!
Even after moving far away we will always drive the extra miles to take our dog to Belly Rubz!

I love this place!
I am so glad I found somewhere I can l send my dog when I travel!
I have used them for day care as well, which was great.
While everyone may not agree, I love the open play.
The constant playing all day helps ensure my puppy sleeps soundly at night.
The staff at Belly Rubz is amazing!
They truly make this operation what it is.
I could tell they gave my dog all the loving he needed while I was away.
I can't say enough about this place.
He loves it because it is like going on vacation.
I bet he wishes I would leave more often!

We just started using Belly Rubz for our Yorkie puppy and couldn't be happier!
The staff is great, the price is great, and our puppy comes home so tired!
Highly recommend it.

We just moved to the area and brought our two dogs to belly rubz for grooming based on the positive Yelp reviews.
Not sure what they did to our 12- year old Yorkie a couple of weeks ago, but he's been the happiest little guy ever since!
He's bouncing around like a puppy.
We don't mind making the commute to get some belly rubz :) everyone is nice, great vive and good prices.
Thanks, Yelpers!

I've been doing business with these guys for years and I have nothing but positive things to say about them.
Not only are they friendly but the facility is top notch as well.
You can tell that they truly care about their customers and their customers pets.
I highly recommend Belly Rubz to anyone who is looking for doggy daycare or boarding for their pet.

I bring my pug, Lou, here to get his nails trimmed.
I usually bathe him myself but if he goes in for a trim then he gets the full enchilada.
They have two doggy play rooms, one for big dogs and one for small to medium.
Each room has a couch or a chair for them to lounge on and you can drop your doggy off and have them play all day if you want.
I like to do this because it's so hot outside for the dog park and this gives him a chance to run around and meet other dogs.
You let the front desk know when you want to pick your pup up and when you arrive they bring out your new show dog.
Always with a cute kerchief and smelling fresh (and exhausted).
The prices are reasonable.
I think it's like a mix between doggy daycare and grooming.
You don't get this anywhere else.
Most places will put your pet in a cage until they get to them.
This way he is free and happy until they bathe and clip him.
When he gets home...he sleeps the rest of the day.
Friendly and professional staff.
Highly recommend!

These guys are amaaaaazing!
I've been taking my dogs here for years.
Not only is the staff extremely friendly, they have the best groomers I've found, and I've tried out many across the valley.
What's even better is that they're the best around and their prices are extremely reasonable.
So back to the staff being amazing - at least 2 employees remembered my dog's names after just their first visit.
We probably pop in about every 2 months and yet they STILL remember their names and their quirks every time.
Chris is awesome by the way!
I have absolutely NO complaints.
Try this place out, you'll LOVE it.

I've taken my dog here for grooming 5 times and every time he looks great!
I like that they don't keep the dogs in cages and after he's groomed they keep all the clean dogs together.
He may not always like going but I know he's in good hands.

We have been taking our two Yorkies for a little over a year after moving to McCormick Ranch.
The staff here is amazing!
They are super friendly and you can really tell that they all love animals.
Our dogs always come out of grooming looking fantastic.
The best part is that they are never put in a cage before or after the groomer is ready for them.
They also take the dogs outside in an enclosed area to potty while they are in playtime.
At my previous groomers, it always bugged me that my pups were separated in a kennel without water for half the day just because they were getting a haircut!
At Belly Rubz I don't have to worry about them so much anymore!

If a dog could spell LOVE he'd spell it BELLYRUBZ!
Mike has put together a staff of dedicated dog lovers - it shows through in all they do to, from the moment they meet Bosco at the door, through to time to say goodbye for the evening.
I've never had any qualms about keeping Bosco there overnight as I admit to some separation anxiety myself but I know my boy gets all the care, love and attention he needs in home away from home when he's in their capable care.
And his grooming always leaves him fluffy, clean and his handsome best.
We're going through some trying times now as our beloved companion of only 3 years is undergoing chemotherapy but he's handling his treatments well and in no small part thanks to the compassionate friends he has at day care.
We are grateful.

Belle Rubz is truly our dogs second home...they love the owner Michael and his staff.
If we say "Want to go to Belle Rubz," our standard and mini poodles start to  dance, flip and jump letting us know they can't wait.
They fly out of the car and run in.
I have had experiences in the past with other places where they shake and cower in the car not wanting to get out.
The staff truly love dogs and takes great care of them.
We have been going to them for years even at their old location.
Belle Rubz is a fantastic place to allow your dog(s) to socialize, exercise in a safe, loving environment .
I also have been having them groomed there too.
It's so convenient and reasonablely priced.
Highly recommend Belle Rubz to all who want the best for their furry family.

I called I told them I was new and I saw this ad for 15 off so I made an appointment.
My boyfriend brought her in and her haircut looks great!
Here comes the problem...
Since we didn't PRINT the ad and just showed it on our phone they charged us 50 dollars.. How ridiculous!

I've been to BellyRubz a few times to have my dog's nails trimmed and have him boarded while I was gone on vacation and I can say nothing but good things about this place.
The staff instantly made me feel comfortable with leaving my dog.
They were friendly, welcoming, and knowledgeable.
After a quick tour and overview of the facilities they took my dog in to get acquainted with the other dogs.
Some things I thought were big pluses compared to some other daycares I've used were the ample sized suites, indoor and outdoor play area, and the fact that the indoor play area is not only visible for you to see your dog play with the others but is also furnished with couches for the dogs to lounge on.
The pricing for boarding was pretty competitive compared to what I've paid in the past at other locations.
I'd say overall it's a great bargain given the level of service and attention you and your pet receive.
While I can't say I'm a frequent customer, I will continue to drive out of my way to board my dog here when I go on vacation.

We have brought our dog to Belly Rubz many times.
He always comes back healthy and happy (and tired).
When we bring him, all of the staff knows him by name and seem genuinely happy to see him.
The feeling is mutual: As soon as he sees someone he knows, he strains the leash to meet them and then happily trots away with them.
I trust my dog's instincts.

I have a 6 lb.
Chihuahua that goes to BellyRubz on vacation, he's semi-shy, but seems to do well here.
Michael, the owner and staff are very friendly and it's obvious they like dogs, they'll be more than happy to e mail you or talk to you on the phone to give you an update on how your pup is doing.
I've sent many people here, and they're all very satisfied with the service.
The best part about the boarding, is that the one price covers all day play, and your dog goes out to pee and poop throughout the day, there are no additional charges.
I know that by the end of the day, my dog is exhausted and cleaned out :-) he's ready to eat and too tired to be stressed.
The charge for small dog boarding, I think it's under 10 lbs.
is the best deal in town.

This is THE place to bring your dog while you are away.
My little buddy is always so excited to see everyone that works there, I can tell they really take good care of him.
They all clearly love dogs and it really makes it a lot easier for me knowing he is in such good hands.
I will not take him anywhere else.

This is a great grooming/day care.
The dogs are treated well, big and small are kept separate, and the staff are very attentive and caring.
Genuine dog lovers.
My dogs always come back happy.

If I could give a negative star or no star I would.
We trusted these inept people with the life of our family pet.
After less than 24 hours our dog was dead.
The bs story we are being told is that our 14lb dachawawa scaled an 8ft chain link fence then ran away  and jumped another fence ran onto the highway and was hit a car.
All while they were desperately trying to get her back...
Cough...  Liars.
There is no way this story is true.
Don't trust these liars and dog murderers.

I am gonna have to agree with the person below by saying if I could give negative stars I would.
In my opinion unless you are considered one of their "loyal" customers they put you and your animal on the back burner .
I have taken my puppy their multiple times In the past year and the business never once told me anything negative about my dog, until they were booked and told me they could not accommodate my energetic dog.
In my opinion the owner only picks and chooses the dogs he wishes to takes care of.
For example, telling me he cannot handle my puppy because he is too energetic.
So lastly in my opinion I don't recommend anyone take their animals to belly rubz .

We have boarded our dog Jax there a number of times when we go out of town.
They know exactly who he is, and they always tell me much fun he is and how much they love having him.
It is nice taking your pet to a place that knows and remembers who he is, and does not treat him as one of the many pets that stay there.
Most kennels dont know each of the dogs, so it is nice to know he receives personal attention and that they actually care.
We have never had a problem with Jax, and he loves going back there.

My dog Kona has been there many times!
He's been there for over nighters, doggie day camp, as well as grooming.
He never gets scared going in (like he does at other places) and always seeems so happy when we pick him up.
The staff is awesome, they always are on top of things and very friendly.
I have moved farther away but wont take him any where else!

The playtime aspect of BellyRubz is great, staff is friendly.
My dog is always happy and very tired when I pick him up.
The grooming, I would describe as mediocre.
I have had my schnauzer  groomed here several times, and it's just ok.
If you are just looking for basic grooming  and basic cut, BellyRubz is a good choice.
However,  in my experience they lack the technical skills for specially cuts.
Overall, BellyRubz is nice with kind staff.
I would recommend them for a for a fun, play day for your dog.

