My friends raved about Hungry Howie's Pizza, because they have flavored crust.
Ranch, cheese, butter cheese (huh?
), garlic, and maybe some other flavors that I'm forgetting but too lazy to find out about.
I don't usually eat my crust.
It's just one of those things, so I figured if I could eat my pizza crust here, then I would give it a high rating.
I've heard about Hungry Howie's, but have never eaten it, because apparently the closest location is in Santee, and I don't venture to the Santee area on a normal basis.
Like, ever.
So, we ordered 3 pizzas, 3 flavored crusts: Ranch, Garlic, and Cheese.
Ranch crust = salty as all hell.
I ate one of my pizza crusts, but drank half of my bottle of water afterwards.
Cheese crust = fine.
Nothing awesome about it.
Garlic crust = deliciousness.
I would say the actual pizza is equivalent to Round Table.
Which, is not a bad thing at all.
I would also say that....I would order pizza from here again....If there was a location even remotely close to me in CA.
Wait, I won't be living in CA anymore, so maybe I still have a chance.

Ok, this place is GOOD.
If you love pizza then this place will not disappoint.
Most locations will deliver (like this Chandler branch), but a few will have you pick your order up.
It's not a place where you eat at, in fact you might not find a table and chairs to eat your food.
Alright on to the food!
What's to say?
The pizza is great.
It also comes with different crusts to choose from.
I definitely recommend the garlic crust, or the cajun crust.
I am actually not one for trying "Exotic" pizzas, but this place is get's it right.
The Howie's Wings are great as well.
The BBQ wings have enought meat on them compared to other pizza restaraunts.
I expect nothing but good to great reviews for this place.
Try it now!

Never again will I order pizza from Hungry Howies!
They stole $70 from us and we didnt get any pizza!!
The guy taking our order had no idea what he was doing.
He talked so fast I couldn't understand him.
He swiped both mine and my husbands cards and said they were both declined.
Well our bank told us the money was there but HH was ran FIVE times.
The manager said they didn't get paid so we didn't get dinner last night AND we are out $70 until the district manager resolves it with our bank.
An hour of figuring things out on the phone last night and no pizza or refund.
Its too band they are incompetent employees because I did loved the way their pizza tasted.
Do not order Hungry Howies!

I ordered from Hungry Howie's many times and they never disappoint.
I think their pizzas have a fresh taste and I like the flavored crust.
The cinnamon bread is excellent too!

Being an Italian from the East Coast I am disappointed on a regular basis when it comes to the pizza choices here.
I have found a few acceptable places with some decent pizza, however this is definitely not one of them.
I've had frozen pizza better than this.
took well over an hour for delivery, showed up barely warm, undercooked, and should have came with a missing toppings sign because they were no where to be found.

Ordered a medium pizza and Howie bread both of which were under cooked.
I also ordered 1 pizza sauce and 3 garlic sauces.
I got 4 pizza sauces.....
I will give them credit as they came back out and delivered the garlic sauce after I called obviously greatly appreciated

