This is an interesting thing, but the outside says Lenny's Burger shop but the receipts say Benny's Burger Shop...so which is it?
I do not know, but I can tell you that this location serves somewhat uninspired food.
They have burgers, hotdogs, and BBQ(?
) which really struck me as interesting, but there was no smell of slow-cooked BBQ so it leads me to stick with the regular burger fare.
I had a chili-cheese dog and was dissapointed with the previously cooked hotdog.
The chili on the dog was alright and the cheese was generous.
The diced onions were excellent, but the overall taste just left me thinking, so what?
My advice, stick to the burgers here, but be forewarned, it is just kind of "ok" food.
Not great by any means.

I have had Bennys 2 x once today and once about a year ago.
Last  I had a burger and frys.
It is your typical flamed grilled burger with whatever you want on it.
Think of Lennys perhaps, not bad but nothing stood out either.
Today I had the brisket.
I am not 100% sure it was brisket but what it was was good.
Again nothing to write home about but nothing bad either.
It was thinly sliced beef served on a buttered and toasted bun with bbq sauce on the meat.
Service was great, the place was clean.
I would go back but will not crave it.

We were hungry and in the area so we decided to check this place out.
I mean you cant really go wrong with a burger.
The service was quick and friendly.
My burger was good.
Nothing special but good.
Same with the chili cheese fries.
If for some reason I'm in the area again i would be willing to return and try the BBQ.

The customer service is horrible here.
The people serving the food dont look clean.
The food is all so greasy and bleh.
I would not mind if I dont go in there again.

Wanted to find a burger shop out here that reminded us back home, like a Fabulous or Douglas Burgers.
So far this is the closest thing.
Wife and Daughter loved their burgers especially their country burger.
Daughter and I loved their chili cheese fries.
I have had their Italian beef sandwich and their burgers!
We have no complaints about them.
This is not a restaurant!!
So you are not going to have great service!
We will be coming back often.

So went to Benny's Burgers for the 1st time just because its right down the street from me and the wife wanted to try it out.
We both got the pulled pork sandwich, it was kinda greasy but good.
The frys were ok and my son liked his burger.
The DB behind the counter on the other hand acted like he wanted to get my fist down his throat!!!
He was dressed like "The situation" and had the hair of "Pauly D".
He is lucky my fam was there or he would have gotten the beating of a life time!!
Prob will go in again to try something else on the menu and to see if DB wants to rumble!!!
(family not included)

Cute place.
Italian Beef sandwich was not very good though.

I made a quick stop here to get some lunch and talk to the owner/manager.
Unfortunately the manager was really rude.
Opted to not have lunch there and won't bother to go back with all of the other reviews.

I like the staff and they have a solid burger and chocolate shake.
Their grilled chicken sandwhich and chicken strips are okay.
I have tried almost everything else on the menue and didn't really like anything else.
Stick with the Burger.
I go with Thousand Island as the sauce.
The place could use a face lift.

Didn't really care for bbq beef brisket sandwich.
Fries are good though, wish dey had fry sauce for there fries.

Visited this place after seeing they offer flounder fish, my favorite.
The place is old looking and the inside smells of old nasty cooking grease, really needs to be updated and a thorough cleaning.
The flounder was horrible, nasty tasting, no fish taste at all only the breading and mush, no structure to the fish at all.
Will not return unless the place does a complete clean or remodel.

The food was great and prepared quickly.
The customer service was awesome.
There is a nice casual cozy mom and pop feeling making it a nice place to stop.

Ohh yeah.
Great place to get your grub on.
Just talk to Benny.
He will hook you up.
Try it for your self.

I dont understand anyone who can give this place a bad review!
My wife and I have just discovered this place about 2 months ago and have been there 4 times so far.
Every time we go we get somthing new and everything has been great!
The burgers are the best I have had anywhere!
They are not your common, tastless burgers you get at Red Robin or Culvers they actually have meat in them!
What a concept!
The owner is the best.
Whenever we show up he takes time to talk to us about what new thing he is working on for the menu and is more than happy to give us free samples and get our feed back.
Please, please, if you like food at all you NEED to go here!
Everyone needs to support this place and what they do.
Im getting off my soapbox now.

