I heard about this place through my mechanic, actually.
He just had to do a quick repair, didn't even need to leave my driveway to do it, so he asked if I would mind taking five dollars down to a place I'd never heard of, just down the street... a Japanese fast food place called 'Ichi Bowl'.
Assuming he would likely cut me a break on some of my soon-to-be-incurred repair expenses, I legged it down there, fully expecting some run-down Korean-owned not remotely Japanese knock-off.
My impressions changed the minute I stepped up to the front door.
For one thing, they had classical Japanese arrangements playing through the P.A.
system which actually played outside on the patio area.
They also had a sort of raised area and an authentic-looking noodle / sushi bar area.
It actually reminded me of several of the noodle bars I had stopped in while in Osaka a couple of years back.
Make no mistake, Ichi Bowl is a fast food place... but as a nice, relaxing environment to take in an afternoon meal, it's actually a nice sit-down restaurant as well.
My mechanic wanted a regular 'Ichi Bowl' and seeing as the things are barely over $4, I decided to try one, too.
I popped the lid on the little styrofoam bowl thingiemabob and to my amazement... was what looked like freshly diced chicken in some pretty good teriyaki sauce.
The best part of it all was that the thing wasn't swimming in saccharine teriyaki syrup, it was a nice, light drizzling with veggies on a bed of white rice.
Good stuff!
I couldn't even finish the thing, either!
It's very filling with just the bowl!
I plan to try some of the other dishes they offer, but I must say that I am very impressed with their signature dish.
How is a place this great still a secret?

I was craving some Asian food for lunch the other day so I searched Yelp to find a place to grab some food.
Ichi Bowl had lots of great reviews and wasn't too far from my office so I decided to to give it a whirl.
I am not a big fan of terriyaki, so I usually don't frequent places like this, but when I saw that they had Bulgogi on the menu, I just had to check it out!
I became obsessed with Bulgogi a couple of summer's ago at place in Coronado, CA, and have been on a mission to find something comparable here.
I know that there are a few Korean BBQ places around town, but I am never near them around a meal time.
Ichi Bowl is in a random center on 19th Ave. & Camelback, but is very clean inside.
And the prices are really cheap!
I got the Bulgogi Combo which came with my choice of side (I chose pot stickers) and a beverage for around $7!
I got my food to go, but they do have a lot of seating for dining in.
Upon first bite, I was so happy, the Bulgogi was so good, and so tender!
You never know when dealing with these fast-casual places about quality, but the meat was top-notch with a delicious flavor.
The pot stickers were average, but they were not supposed to be the main event anyway.
They menu is quite large compared to say a Samurai Sam's, so I will definitely be back to try out some of the other yummy looking dishes!

Who would know this little place ever existed?!
It is so eloquently hidden in the corner of strip mall that has gone to shit.
Being the person that I am, I decided to try this place out (why does it seem like I am always reviewing Asian Cuisine?
This is beyond me).
What a pleasant surprise!
To start, my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE thing about this place is the guy behind the counter, who I am guessing is the owner.
I think he just may be the reason I continue to come back.
Usually, we place orders over the phone for take-out, and I love to hear his familiar and peculiar voice on the other end, repeating my order back to me.
It's as if he smiles ALL the time!
I do not think I have ever seen this guy in a bad mood, not once!
On to the food, pricing, blah blah blah.
JK.
For the price range, this food is excellent.
I am a personal fan of the gyoza, passion iced tea, and your basic (and not so professional in terms of the "sushi" world) Alaskan roll and California roll.
They are very affordable and generally taste amazing.
For the balla on a budget: go with the Bento dish.
It has EVERYTHING you could ever ask for in a meal: teriyaki chicken over steamed veggies and rice, edamame, california rolls, eggroll, spicy beef over salad (which by the way has an amazing sauce).
I can't quite remember if anything else comes with it.
It is only $6.25!!!
I could not even finish the whole meal for lunch on my own.
Other items of interest: if you get your meal to go, be sure to ask for the red spiced pepper seasoning salt.
I think I sprinkle this on everything I get from there.
If you eat inside, they have them at the tables.
Which, speaking of the inside, it is a little odd.
They have random poles near the cash register...ODD.
I definitely recommend this place to anyone.
I have not tried much of the other food, but from what my friends and co-workers say, it has been delicious every time (especially the Kalbi steak).

Whoa...a little rice bowl establishment that harkens me back to the original Tokyo Express circa 1985!!
I got the chicken teriyaki (dark meat ), tofu salad and tekka Mali (raw tuna ) rolls.
The rice in the teriyaki bowl was sticky ( the way it should be!
) the chicken was moist, the teriyaki sauce was PERFECT!!
The tofu salad rocked...light and lemony, and the tekka maki was perfection!
I informed the happy, smiling man behind the counter that I'd be coming back often.
Seriously, if you're ever near this place, stop in.
I don't think you'll be disappointed.

Pretty good, wish they served kimchi!

Been coming here since it was Tokyo Express.
Not much has changed either.
The meals are awesome.
You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
My fav is teriyaki chicken lite, spicy with brown rice.
Side of steamed veggies and an unsweetened tea to wash it down.
Good stuff!

Used to love this place and would drive from Goodyear to eat here.
Today I discovered they no longer serve the one thing that made me drive all the way across town to eat here.
They no longer have the Katsu Bowl which was awesome and what my whole family would order when we went.
The food isn't bad but now there is nothing on the menu to make the drive worth while as their are better Teriyaki places out there.
I'll miss my Katsu Bowl.

If it weren't for the crackheads wandering around outside I would consider this place my new go to.
The orange chicken puts Panda to shame.
My boyfriend liked the spicy beef bowl.
Service was quick, prompt and courteous.
I just wish it was in a slightly better area - I live in the central corridor but this spot seemed super sketch to me.
i will definitely be back...but I'll probably bring mace!

This is the worst food I have had in Phoenix.
I went here on a whim with a friend, seeking japanese food.
I am not even sure what they served me.
Terrible.
Do not go here.

I would thank all the reviews because they help me decide weather or not to go to there .
And i gotta say it was worth it!
I was looking for a sushi type place close to my home because i also go to Mr. sushi on n. black canyon hwy but it's pretty far so i look up google to find a place around close to me ichi bowl pop out , and looked at the reviews at yelp and decide to try it out.
I got the bento plate i was amazed of how much stuff they give you!
i though i wasn't going to finish all because all the food.
And i gotta say any body thinking of trying a place out try this out!

Delightfully good.
California rolls can be a little bit bigger, but made fresh right there, their egg rolls were the deal breaker.. so yummy.
Definately will be back when I am in the area.

The aroma of a dining place can be a great advertisement, or a way to scare people away.
This place falls in the the latter as there was a strong smell of sewage here.
Smell aside I decided to sit outside and risk my stomach to bring you this review.
We had a veggie yakisoba $6, which was a bit dry but the veggies were not overcooked.
The flavor was alight but not great.
We also had a veggie bowl, overly steam unoriginal veggies over white rice and an sweet sauce $4.
I was unimpressed in may ways.
The ambiance is a bit depressing.
There is a ATM covered by a trash bag, that bad smell, and a menu that looks like they printed at kinks and taped it over the failed franchise that once occupied this location.

Love this place.
Really close to my house so I'll walk over every so often.
I've had the orange chicken (bit spicy for my taste but I'm weak to heat haha), the bento is great.
Great price for what you get.
Just today I had the chicken katsu and its great!
Will definitely keep going.

We accidentally found this place while traveling through Phoenix and we had some good food.

Must be nice to have a place where your hours of operation are just a suggestion.
Got home from work at about 8 pm, check to see what their hours are.
Online says they close at 9, so I get my shoes on and head over.
I get there at about 815 and as I'm walking up to the door the man (owner I think) locks the door and just smiles at me.
Worst service I've gotten in a long time.

I stopped in once for a quick bite of cheap sushi.
This is a converted fast food place of some kind in a strip shopping center.
Counter service, lots of seating, and unfortunately a horrid stench.
I've smelled this same distinctive odor in a Blimpy's in another city, so it makes me wonder if it's some kind of cleaning chemical that isn't being rinsed off or something.
The odor gets worse when you go into the raised dining area.
The 2 stars instead of 3 is for the horrid stench.
Anyway...
There were only 2 customers.
The guy at the counter was nice.
I ordered 2 rolls and a drink "for here" for about $10 total... cheap.
The rolls tasted ok.
Better than grocery store pre-pack, but cost a little less.
They were maybe the quality you'd get on a cheap asian buffet... and they were cheap.
The problem is the rolls are cut and then the pieces are layed flat in a circle smooshed together in a small plastic food-service clear containier.
The result is they don't come out in whole pieces.
The fall apart when you try to remove them, so you eat crumbled sushi... but they were cheap.
Would I go there again?
Maybe, for takeout, and to try some other things, since the price is low.
I might buy the sushi instead of picking up a pre-pack of california roll at the store if I was driving by.
Maybe... if I was feeling cheap.

Ichi Bowl is a Japanese/Korean fast food Resturant that offers some delicious options to choose from.
Some of the main dishes include Teriyaki Chicken and Salmon, Orange Chicken, Spicy Beef, Vegetables and Noodles.
They even proudly serve Bento (combination).
There are low carb options, salads, and Sushi.
Some side dish options and Pepsi products to wash everything down.
Be sure to come during happy hour from 11:00am until 1:00pm to get a $2.75 Chicken Teriyaki Bowl.
That is a daily special any business crowd would enjoy to dine at during lunch.
Plus the service is super fast.
When I checked in I was offered a free medium drink with purchase.
Unfortunately the man at the registered told me they no longer offer that special.
He went ahead and granted it this time.
Just wanted to warn you fellow YELPERS that it may not be honored.

I love korean food but I love cheap, delicious korean food even more.
They have variuos rice bowls on the menu and some platter options I haven't tried yet.
The bolgogi bowl is very tasty and with the yelp check in offers we also got 2 free refreshing iced green teas.
The place is clean and has a back/side area with more seating.
I still have to go and check out their other bowls and happy hour, so there will definitely be an update.

Love going here for the Bento.
Lots of food for a good price.
Good selection of food on the menu and the owners are great.
Would recommend for a quick bite.

How quickly things change!
It is a sad day.
The man that has run Itchi Bowl for a long time is gone.
He has sold out.
We won't be back.
The simple teriyaki chicken and rice bowl is gone.
They have replaced it with ball of sticky rice and a separate spoon full of chicken.
It is hard to believe the food quality could drop so fast but it has.
Less quantity, did not taste as good.
We even were shorted on our take out order.
Hopefully they will figure it out quickly.

Food was super tasty, especially cus they don't use MSG.
I would come here every week for lunch if I could.
This is a place I would have to stop in when I'm on this side of town.
I love how all the employees are super nice & friendly.
Prices were decent and not over priced like other places are.
This place is a must try or else ur just missing out.

New owner.
Menu is still pretty similar but slightly different.
A bit larger actually.
Many more sushi options which is good but a few are kinda bad.
The cowboy roll was a good idea but the sushi got so wet from the meat juice that it fell apart and I couldn't really pick it up.
Would totally go again.

Update to my 5 star review.
This place was sold to new owners.
The prices have almost doubled, the meat is very fatty and no longer has good flavor.
To top it off the staff make it awkward asking why I don't go there very often.
I won't be back.

I have never in my life had such a delicious meal!
Fantastic new menu, great prices and now open on Sunday!
Absolutely wonderful!

I was craving sushi/ udon for lunch and yelped this place.
Amazing menu that covers just abt all you can think of in sushi/teriyaki place and the food was delicious!!!
I got a roll with fresh salmon on top and spicy tuna inside with udon.
Fish was fresh & Loved the sauce :)  Also tried the unsweetened ice tea- most iced tea Ive tried are either too bitter or not enough flavor but their iced tea hit the spot for me.
The staff was friendly- it's run by a couple.
Place itself clean and very spacious.
Location is somewhat hard to find- a corner restaurant in a small mall but once you check it out, you won't regret it.

