Here's a little diddy about a girl trying to get some maintenance done on her husband's car and trying to get the best price at the same time (because when you own your own business in this economy, who doesn't need to save a few bucks?).
I started out with our old standby of Scottsdale Infiniti and what they wanted for the maintenance was extortion.
Not only that, they wanted promise of my first born son (sorry, we've already grown attached to him), a herd of camels and a harem of virgins.
Here's the real cincher (not the virgin part, I had them loaded up and ready to go) I had to bring the car in that day - actually that very minute - but I couldn't get a loaner until the next day.
Looked like I would be sleeping there with the camels.
I looked on their website and there weren't any coupons.
The guy there wouldn't even guarantee me a "good" loaner.
I was leaving him an FX.
It's kind of quick and it looks like a shoe so I wanted something else fun to drive but it was a no-go there.
Checking out the other Infiniti dealers in town, I saw that Superstition Springs Infiniti had some great coupons on-line so I gave them call and asked about their "internet only" prices they mentioned on-line.
About $1,000 less and I could use their coupons on top of that!
And I could drop the car off now and he promised me a good loaner!
Shangrila!
Unload the virgins and save them for a sacrifice or when the AC needs repairing, something always comes up, and I was off to Superstition Springs.
It was probably 20 minutes farther but when it was all said and done I saved a lot of money and got a great loaner (We use Chris there) he gave me a G37 and that is fun!
It's more convenient for us to drive to the Scottsdale dealership but with their higher prices and constantly running our of loaners (not to mention the one we had once that smelled like the cross between a pickle an ashtray and feet) I am more than happy to spend an extra few minutes on the freeway for the ease and customer service I get at Superstition Springs Infiniti.

My husband and I were really, really disappointed with our experience at Coulter Infiniti.
We brought our 2006 G37 with barely 34,000 miles (and out of warranty) to have the moon roof looked at.
The moon roof wouldn't open or close, but you could hear the motor working.
After leaving the car there all day we get a call that the car needs a whole new moon roof track - which would cost over $3000.
We contacted their corporate office to attempt to get some or all of the cost covered, due to the fact that it's a big repair and the car  is barely out of warranty.
We were flat out denied.
Twice.
We were dreading the big repair, and decided to bring the car to a different auto shop (which will get a big, fat 5 star review) for a second opinion.
Turns out the track just had a BUILD UP OF DIRT AND DEBRIS and needed to be cleaned out.
Seriously?!?!
Just over $100 later we were on our way!
I find it VERY hard to believe that Coulter didn't know this was the problem.
We are now searching for a new SUV, and will not be choosing Infiniti.
How disappointing.

I didn't purchase my car here but I do get it serviced here on a regular basis since purchasing my 06 G35 Sedan in 2008.
I've never had any issues other than routine maintenance and I drive a ton.
I'm a Realtor who assists Buyer's and Seller's in the East Valley so I drive probably 30,000 miles a year.
I absolutely love my car and I'm definitely an Infiniti guy for life.
The Service Department is very customer service oriented and I've never felt taken advantage of.
This is important to me when it comes to my car as I don't know much when it comes to repairs.
They may cost a little more than a regular mechanic but I trust them and in my opinion you can't put a price tag on that.
Repairs are just part of owning a car, it's unfortunate when they are needed, but it's nice to have a place to go where I can count on them to do an honest and good job.
They also offer free rental cars if your Infiniti is in need of service, which is a nice perk.

I'd give this place 4 stars cuz it was a breeze buying a vehicle from them, the parts department is a joke.
Very lazy and un-organized.
Was told I was going to get my part in 7-10 business days, after a month still no part and only to find out it's on back order.
I gave up and will have to get it somewhere else.

After having an issue with the parts department, in the end they came through.
They apoligized for the delay of what I had ordered and the communication of not keeping me informed.
They received the item and gave it to me free as a good gesture to make things right.
I appreciate what they did and they should be held in high regards for satisfying it's customers.

This dealership does business DIRTY!
By far the worst experience i have had at any dealership.
It started off from day one when they tried to talk me out of buying a car up north because of snow, knowing all along that their car had a ton of snow damage on it and they tried to claim it was an Arizona vehicle- False Pictures of the car were not how the car was when we flew in to see the vehicle.
Sales Rep- Derrick, had to go and check what happened to the chrome and why it was painted.
Then he had the audacity to state that he told us that before we flew out there.
Then why do you look surprised and have to go ask someone why the car was changed??
Car had been driven almost 2K miles over what the ad stated, then they told us (after we bought the car) that it was a manager demo and was also driven back and forth from AZ to Colorado.
They also voided warranty on vehicle and the local infiniti dealerships would not touch the vehicle because Coulter Infiniti caused red flags because of so many errors they put in the system when doing service on the car.
Sales Manager- Branden Cole- is by far the rudest and shadiest person I have ever came across at a dealership.
Under carriage of the vehicle looked like it went majorly off roading and should have over 150K miles on it, it had 40K.
Again, coming from Branden- this car is in mint condition.
Do you not even clean cars you sale?
Infiniti should be ashamed to have this dealership represent them.

I had my car brought in for service.
The service guy charged me a $120 diagnosis fee for some minor items.
They were supposed to fix squealing brakes but my brakes still squeal.
He said I needed new tires - which I knew - and then when I asked him if he could match prices to an online store he padded the quote with another charge.
I luckily said no and went with the online store.
I will never bring my car in again for service.
I will go to my usual place, Infiniti of Camelback.
I feel they are much more honest.

Here is my blog on my experience with them.
http://coulterinfinitiaz.blogspot.com/?m=1

Is there a zero stars?
This dealership is the most dishonest bunch of thieves I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with.
I worked with Branden Cole over the phone.
Every step of the purchase experience was horrible but they had the QX I wanted in the color I wanted so I stuck with them.
The price changed, new charges appeared, they could not live up to their promises, and then to top it off, they charged me for tinted windows when there weren't any!
The back glass comes smoked as standard from the factory.
The front is clear glass.
They actually tried to convince me that the entire car was tinted!
Just awful.
They finally refunded my money for the tint but I am certain that every customer gets charged for coatings etc that are never applied or installed.
I will NEVER do business with this dealership again.

I just bought my second vehicle from this car dealership.
My experience for both buying cars and getting service has always been positive.
When it comes to cars, everyone seems to have their own philosophy.
Personally, I believe that warranty service is now more important than ever.
Whether it's a simple oil change or other required maintenance (there is no escaping it), I get exactly the service I need.
And, having had different makes and models over the years, I think the prices are quite fair.
In this respect, I think the value one gets from Infiniti is excellent.
Buying a car is also rather painless.
Sales people are friendly, and sticker prices are explained clearly.
I suppose the Internet has helped a lot here, making car specs transparent.
This dealership understands this, and does not mark up their cars too much or use any kind of pressure tactics as far as I can tell.
I've found that I can always negotiate a good price, and make a decision without second-guessing.
Overall, I give this dealership a higher rating and plan on buying my next car there.

