I have been going to CenterCare and Dr. Steen for years.
I have never had any complaints.
All of the staff are super friendly and work hard to get you in and out of the office in a timely manner.
They have 7:00 am appointments for those of us that need to get to work downtown.

I have been a patient of Dr Steen and his staff for going on 4 years.
Dr Steen's expertise, and care is unsurpassed.
His staff is cheerful, professional and accommodating.
i'd drive 30 miles to get this type of service any day.

Do not go here.
They are disorganized, dishonest, and pricey.
I went there twice for an partial and both times they did not send the mold in and told me that it was the lab.
Finally they told me the truth and said someone had forgotten to send it in.
One of their employees had misplaced it.
Really?
Come on.
I waited 6 weeks and they had already charged my credit card  .
Each time I went in there they were not prepared for me andhad tore- read my chart while I sat in the dental chair .
I had to tell them while I was there and my history.
Additionally they called my place of employment and revealed my medical history to another employee.
This violated the .HIPPA law.
They have a beautiful office which is probably to cover up their inadequacies.
They also have a huge employee turn over so-I wonder why.

Never thought I would ever like a dental office.
I get my normal cleanings, and got my wisdom teeth taken out here.
Have you ever been so chicken shit scared about something that you put it off for years?
Yea, that would be those wisdom teeth.
But they hook it up with drugs (legally of course) and take those bad boys right out.
The only downsides are 1.
I had to ask for gauze when I left my appointment, I assumed that they would just give it to you, given you just got your wisdom teeth taken out.
We had to reschedule something for my husband for the new year but after we figure out his on call schedule, so we said we would have to call them back when we found out....well the hygienist would NOT STOP CALLING.
Don't be annoying, just don't.

These people are great!
Engaging, informative, thorough.
From the x-rays and exam to the cleaning, I felt very taken care of..
Awesome group of people.
Thanks so much for a great first visit!

