Super nice staff ... nice place ... and the Doctor was even nicer than the staff.
Not sure of the prices, they seemed high but I really have nothing to compare it to.

To be honest, I have never been to any eye-care center in the last 5 years that I would give more than two stars to.
Unfortunately, Nationwide Vision proved to be no different.
I was there on a Monday morning, and told to arrive 30 minutes early.
No reason was given for this other than I assume it is for allowing time to complete forms.
I simply downloaded them from Nationwide Vision's website prior to my appointment and handed them in after arriving.
It's far more convenient to complete medical docs at home than sitting with a clipboard in a waiting room surrounded by squawking children and families.
I'll get to that minor annoyance in a minute.
There were three opticians and one site-based doctor of optometry--Dr. Rhonda Nells.
After standing around for over five minutes, I simply guessed that I had to go to the counter.
It's a bit confusing; but there are three small tables or stations up front near the door where one optician was actually giggly and happily engaged with her clients.
Two others were not being used.
So I head for the counter.
While one male optician tech is on the phone looking dreary, a female optician tech with little affect simply walks over to the counter, puts her hand out for the paperwork she sees me holding, and states, "Hello.
You have your insurance card?
"  I hand it to her, she makes a copy, and I'm told to wait in a waiting area.
No personality.
I take a seat and then wait .
and wait .
and then wait until 45 minutes pass before the same optician tech says with a smile, "Thank you for your patience.
We're short-handed today.
"  I tell her I will make another appointment (I really just wanted to leave and go somewhere else).
She states it will just be a few minutes.
Long and short, after being tested by the same optician, I wait another 15 minutes to meet the optometrist, Dr. Rhonda Nells.
She's a pleasant-enough person with an occasional smile, but clearly not a talker.
You have to ask all of the important questions or else she won't volunteer any answers from her test results.
I then go through the process of working with the dreary-looking male optician who, it turns out, is behaviorally no different than sitting in front of a car salesman.
Be forewarned: You had better be well-informed of your insurance plan coverage's or else--seriously--as in my case, there will be veiled and subtle attempts to rip you off!
As it is I still have to return to this location to assert that I was charged twice on co-pays regarding the same service.
I caught this optician three different times screwing up on his calculator (which he held close to his chest like an old-time tax accountant geek) and basically handed me a bunch of hooey when I confronted him on each wrong estimate he provided.
Again, really scrutinize your employer's vision insurance policy before going anywhere.
And know your math--really!
This way, you are informed and can make valid arguments against bogus overages.
Aside from these annoyances, although the business was clean and modern in design, and in a fairly upscale neighborhood, it was frequented the entire time I was there nonetheless by state-aided/welfare-aided non-English speaking families of crying children and little ones walking around trying on $150.00 frames.
It may sound a bit elitist, but my tax dollars were supporting those families receiving better welfare insurance coverage, ironically, than I receive.
(You can overhear everything in this place and learn about everyone's financial business IF you know Spanish--which I do.
Too funny).
Finally, I'll go back to Nationwide Vision for only two reasons: To pick up my glasses and argue for my refund of bogus overage fees.
Even though I did my homework and shopped online for vision centers my insurance allows for, Nationwide Vision always came up with very good reviews.
Quite frankly, I don't believe some Yelp reviewers took the time to really assess what services they received.
Then again, I'm older, wiser, very educated, and expect great professionalism for my money.
Sadly, I don't see a whole lot of that in today's youth who run and manage many of the service industry businesses.

Oh Nationwide...
I called today because I had a unique situation that needed fixing.
I had used Nationwide previously, and today they lost a long time customer.
When I opened my last pair of contacts, i discovered that one of the containers was empty.
No contact, no solution.
It had been over a year since my last appointment, and they couldn't give me a trial pair of contacts until I had an eye appointment with the doctor.
I understand this, I'm fine with this.
I would have loved if someone would have gotten to the point instead of running me in circles.
What should have been an easy fix turned into being placed on hold 8 different times in one conversation, being told to call a different location to try and seek help 3 times, and no one knowing what to do.
You know what would have fixed this situation?
Setting up an eye appointment for me, and providing a free pair of contacts.
This conversation took 45 minutes.
I called two locations multiple times.
I was disconnected twice, and somehow reached the voicemail 3 times while attempting to get back in touch with the person I was talking to.
Neither location had any idea what to do and they only answer I got from ANYONE was to call a different location to get help.
No one wanted to take responsibility or give suggestions on how to resolve the issue.
I flat out said "I don't know what I should do" and I was told to keep calling locations until someone figured out what to do.
So somehow after repeating myself to 5 people for almost an hour, I talked to someone who seemed to know what to do.
I updated my information with her, confirmed an appointment time with her.
Finally we are going to get somewhere.
NOPE.
Hours later I got a call because they don't take my insurance.
What the hell, people?
What is wrong with you guys?
Get your shit together.
So back to square one I go.
I am extremely frustrated.
So once I find a new optometrist, I am still expecting Nationwide to replace the pair of contacts.

My experience here went very smooth.
I'm not a fan of going to the eye dr, I hate things near my eyes, but my tech Dulce was very nice and comforting.
The dr was personable and gave me the answers I was looking for.
Will definitely be back.

