Don't get a Klozit sliding door closer.
I've got a pool.
The plastic handle that Klozit installed broke off my sliding door.
It's out of warranty.
I called Klozit to ask if I can order the part and put it in myself.
No can do, they told me, their liability policy prevents them from allowing anyone but Klozit employees from installing/replacing the parts.
How much for them to come out and fix it?
$95 plus parts -- a plastic handle.
Fine, I'll sign a waiver.
Still, no can do.
OK, who's the manufacturer?
I'll order from them.
Nope, they are the manufacturer.
I don't get it, it's my door -- I paid for it.
I can replace parts in my car, in my pool equipment, but not in the crappy Klozit auto-closing door mechanism?
Gimme a break.
Stay away from this company and install something yourself.

Poor engineering / manufacturing + cheap insurance = bad business.
Moved into a 4 year old Toll Brothers home.
It has a pool, so it had to have self closing doors that led outside.
Both rear sliders had "Klozit" closers on them.
One had a broken handle when we moved in, and 6 months later the other one broke internally.
I was able to scavenge parts from both to put the more used of the two doors back in working order.
I called Klozit and asked them if I could buy a replacement plastic handle for the other door.
I was told by Jeff from Kozit's that the door was no longer under warranty (3 years) and that their insurance policy prevented them from selling parts.
Their insurer requires them to do all service on the doors to reduce their liability.
The engineering that went into the planned obsolescence of this particular part might pay dividends in the short run, but as the word gets out that this company builds an inferior product that only they can service, their sales will dry up.
Think twice before patronizing Klozit-Roltec Services in Phoenix AZ..

Shortly after posting my review of the Klozit door closer, I was contacted by the owner, Chris Teutsch.
He said the response that I got from his company was not correct.
He also went on to say that there was a quality control problem with a batch of handles, but that was corrected by casting future handles in zinc.
He said that I could in fact purchase a new handle set for $35 (cost plus S & H).
I sent him a check and received the new parts in about a week via USPS.
I installed the kit in about 10 minutes.
I did have to use the square linking shaft between the handles from the original installation because the one that came as part of the new set was too short for my particular door.
I would suggest that you specify the length of this part when ordering your replacement set.
The first customer contact was totally unsatisfactory,  but the owners follow up was outstanding, hence the new rating of 3 out of 5 stars

I had to dismantle my Klozit to work on my sliding door.
When I went to put it all back together, I thought I had a broken piece, so I ordered the part.
Chris T. (the owner) called me later in the day to confirm my situation and described to me the proper way to re-install the existing part, saving me the cost of a new part.
I reassembled per his instruction, and all is working fine again.
I have had this on my slider door for 9 years now without any issues (other than my self inflicted problem).
Great Product and Customer Support.

