I went here to get my nails done about a year ago and they were completely rude to me and my nail technician cut me several times with her drill.
She also drilled my real nails down so bad that I have dents in a couple of my nails that have never healed.
Go up the street to Royal Tuyet Nails by Albertsons.
Wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy better.

I used to live in Phx, AZ and have moved to O.C, CA last month.
I was reluctant to the idea of having to find a new nail salon since I had been going to Palace Nails for a year or so off and on.
I thought I'd have a good shot at finding a decent place since I moved to the heart of an Asian community that is saturated with nail salons.
I even used Yelp to find one that had a lot of great reviews and was a referral to me from a friend.
Let me just say that at the end of the appointment at this new nail salon, I was missing Tina more than ever!
Tina has been doing my full set and pedicure for the last couple years off and on and seriously does the best job ever!
Whenever she does my nails they last forever, don't crack, don't have stupid bubbles and most important, she is very gentle with your hands and nails.
I don't know who Heather had for her nail tech but it obviously wasn't Tina.
If you do get a full set call in and set your appointment with **Tina or Jennifer**.
They both speak fluent English so no miscommunication.
Their facility is one of the best that I've been to- very elegant looking interior design and clean, new equipment.
I drove 20-25 miles each way to go to this salon and was definitely worth the drive.
Try them out!
Definitely worth it!

I'm going to start off with this: It wasn't terrible but it wasn't all that great either.
The salon was very neat and well decorated.
The environment was nice, but it seems some of the technicians are not.
When I walked in there I was greeted and taken in right away without any wait.
They directed me to a station and my nail technician was there ready for me.
The technician did my nails well, but to be honest she was pretty intimidating.
She was silent as a rock and was a bit rough on me.
I sat there very awkwardly for about 20 min.
not knowing really what to say or do other than let her work on my hand.
I'm not asking for a best friend, but at least don't make it awkward!
She seemed to be rushing alot as if to get me out of there and it made me feel uncomfortable and as if I was intruding on her time.
Not only that, but her attention seemed to be distracted as she would check her phone constantly.
When you go into a nail salon you go because you want to be pampered, not to sit there awkwardly.
Pros: -My nails came out pretty good -Prices are not that bad  Cons: -My technician was intimidating -Not very attentive  All in all I think I would go again, but next time I will ask for a different technician.

My family has been going to this salon since it opened.
Love it.
.. have tried others just for the heck of it.
.. always come back to the best!
Everyone extremely Friendly.
easy going and always helpful.
Prices are great and if you pay cash you get 5% cash back instantly!!!
Come visit Amy,Tina,Jennifer, Helen... you'll be hooked!!

I have been going here for several years.
I have natural nails so I am very fussy when they have to be cut back.
I usually try to have Amy do my nails because of this.
The spa chairs are great and I have never had a bad pedi....If you call ahead even an hour before it work well.
If you pay cash you get a discount...Works for me

The staff here is very nice.
They have a large selection of gel colors.
The quality of work is great and prices are reasonable.
What more could a girl want?
I look forward to going back very soon.

