I used to come here years ago when I was pregnant with my daughter.
Located off 7th Ave and Maryland, I was impressed by the modern decor and equally loved my doctor.
I scheduled an appt recently and was glad to see it looked the same.
Although the wait can still be too long, after you have been called back, the staff are still great.
I was able to get blood work done on-site which was very convenient.
It doesn't matter if you are pregnant or not, this place will take good care of you.

It is really hard to find a good gynecologist these days.
I went to one that wouldn't see me because I was 5 minutes late from being stuck in traffic.
This place is clean and has the coolest setup.
The front end staff are quick and have the latest technology.
When I got back to the exam room, there was a tv that talked about the doctors and the practice.
I saw Brittani, one of the nurse midwives, and she was fantastic!
She told me that I am the only one that knows my body so she believed everything I was saying.
She was very patient with me and gave me medicine that works for my issues.
I love this place and recommend it to any woman that needs a good doctor.

At first Bella's was good.
They were nice and attentive to my needs and concerns.
One doctor even issued me an early ultrasound because I was nervous something was wrong with my baby.
Well we figured I was 7 weeks at my first appointment and my ultrasound confirmed I was six.
They never changed the info on the paperwork so every time I went in for appointments they would tell me I was one week ahead of what I actually was.
I told the lady at the front desk the problem and she argued with me, and said "No, you're this many weeks.
" So I told her she was wrong and she replied with "WELL FOR THE SAKE OF MY JOB YOU ARE THIS MANY WEEKS.
" I let that go, I don't want her to potentially lose her job because of something small like that...
The next appointment I had we listened to the heartbeat.
That was fine.
They wanted to keep making our appointments earlier and earlier and I said no because my boyfriend and I couldn't get off work before 130.
They still were persistent to make our appointments earlier.
The day before my ultrasound to find out the sex they called to ask if i could come in any earlier because the ultrasound technician "was wondering".
I said no and they said okay, and hung up.
The next morning they called again, asking if I could switch my appointment time from 2 to 1. again I said no.
she said if the technician had a problem with that she would call me back and let me know....
This is absolutely ridiculous because I've had this appointment set for four weeks!
these people have absolutely no communication skills with each other whatsoever, because apparently no one told the second receptionist who called me that they had already spoken with me the day before.
ALSO there are no doctors on the site Tuesday and Wednesday.
I had a piece of what seemed to be my uterus come out of me when going to the restroom and they didn't even have the courtesy to call me back the same day.
They called the next day and said "everything is fine don't worry"... WTF?
Very unprofessional and unorganized in my opinion.

I come here to see Kim.
She's GREAT!
She makes me feel very comfortable.
She's probably the only reason why I go here though.
Yes, everything is up to date, clean, and appealing but the front desk girls usually have an attitude and aren't very welcoming.
Also, I usually wait an hour past my appointment to see my gyno.
The nurse will call me back on time, takes my weight and blood pressure then has me undress in the room.
So I sit there naked and cold on the table for the remainder of the time.
Like I said, my doctor is the only reason why I keep coming back.
She's absolutely great.

