Kudos to Tom and the boys for a job well done.
Needed new carpet in the condo.
Called him on a Monday.
Had a bid and samples and installed by Wednesday.
No hassles, no brain damage.
A job well done.
Tom will be getting a call from me next time I need carpet, you can count on that.

Our only place for flooring!
Tom always has the best deals and really quick installation.
We have used him many times and he delivers a quality product, a great price and personal service every time!
We won't be calling anyone else for our flooring needs as long as Floor Source is around.

I can't say enough nice things about Tom and the folks at Floor Source.
I had received a quote from a big box home improvement store (which shall remain nameless) and was shocked at how expensive they were for cheap-looking carpeting.
I went to Floor Source and not only was their carpet much nicer, their price was nearly half of what the other quote was, and they install the very next day!
The carpet looks beautiful and the workers were fast and professional, caused no disruption or damage to the walls (which the other company couldn't promise wouldn't happen).
These guys know customer service and I'll refer anyone who asks to Floor Source!

We just had my floors done by Floor Source.
Josh came to our house on Tuesday.
He was very professional and polite.
He measured our floors, asked what we were looking for, made some helpful suggestions, and gave us a quote.
He was not at all pushy.
By the time he left, we were booked to have our new floors put in on Thursday.
On Wednesday, he called and said that they didn't have enough flooring material in stock and they would have to do our floors next week.
We could have easily backed out with no consequences if we didn't want to wait.
But we decided to just wait.
Because we weren't going to get our original date, Josh gave us $200 off the price...just like that.
The team came to our house on the scheduled day.
They were also professional.
They got to work right away.
They got to the house around 0930 and didn't leave until 7 p.m. just so they could finish.
They cleaned up after themselves.
The floor looks amazing.
We couldn't be happier.

We just came home and saw the carpets.
WOW!!!
We were totally blown away with the job you guys did.
We already thought it was going to look great, but you seriously far exceeded our expectations.
We're extremely impressed with the carpet, and all the extra work you did.
We didn't expect you to move the furniture back exactly where it goes, and we didn't expect you to put the crib back together either!
:)  We were trying to make things easier on you since we already felt like we were getting a great deal, but instead you made things much easier on us AND gave us a great deal.
I can't thank you and your team enough.
You guys are rock stars!!

Floor Source is the only place to go.
After researching companies and obtaining estimates, Tom and Floor Source came out on top.
He treated us well, gave us a great price, and did a fantastic job installing our new tile floor.
Tom (the owner) knows what he is doing and takes pride in his work.
He lives up to every promise made, can be trusted, and has made a customer for life.
After planning the job, I gave him the keys to our house, went on vacation, and came back to a perfectly installed floor.
Don't waste your time, if you need a new floor priced and installed right, Floor Source is the place.

We have been using Tom at Floor Source for the last 6 years for all of our flooring, bathroom surrounds, kitchen surrounds, etc.
We have used him and his crew on at least 100 flip properties over the years and on all of our personal projects.
His crew just finished up another small project at our house and it turned out great.
The pricing is always fair and the work is always perfect, and if it isn't exactly what you want they will make it right.
I wouldn't go anywhere else.

