Deep dish is crazy good, only reasons not 5 stars is I've never been to Chicago and 5 stars is perfecto

On Thursday 3/28 I received a flyer from Rosatis at work.
Since we have ordered Rosatis pizza in the past and really liked their product we thought it was nice that they had a location so much closer to us now.
Here's why they get 1 star.
We ordered an XL thin crust pizza for delivery and were told it would arrive in an hour and the total was $25.
No problem, that's normal for Rosatis, and quality food takes time.
The delivery guy arrived on time (right at an hour) and was acting kinda weird.
He seemed nervous and set the pizza on the desk.
We signed for it and said thanks.
He just kinda stood there and looked at all of us (there were three in the room).
I asked if there was anything else?
He said "no" and sort of shuffled out, looking at us the entire time.
We took the pizza into the other room and opened the box.
Now it made sense.
The pizza had been in a horrible collision as if it had been dropped and was like a ball of pizza in the corner of the box.
I called to reconcile the problem and explained the situation, expecting we'd get a refund or the next pizza free.
The lady at the other end of the phone said this   "um...
sorry.
"  So I said "ok..." To which she replied "are there any other major complaints?
"  So I asked her to get her manager and have him call me back.
The manager called back and apologized and said he'd give us $2 off our next pizza.
So we don't get a free pizza, but if I ever order from that location again I will get a pizza that costs $23.
Thanks for the $2.
I don't think I'll be cashing in on your offer.

Mike from Rosati's sent me a message on yelp!
the other day to make restitution.
I called him so we could resolve it directly, but he was out.
The next day I received a call from him and we discussed the circumstances of my last experience with Rosati's.
He apologized and told me that was not the way Rosati's does business.
I told him what I expected, and what I thought most people should expect from a restaurant was a replacement meal (in this case, the pizza) at no cost to the customer.
Mike agreed and left instructions at the restaurant for a future order.
Today we made that order for not one, but two pizzas.
We got one for free, but had to pay for the other, that was expected, but it would have been nice to have the entire order comped.
The driver arrived and apologized for being late.
He said "sorry, they didn't call me".
I asked if the pizzas were cold, he said, "no, they were on the warmer".
So they weren't cold, but they weren't fresh.
I wanted to up my review to 5 stars.
I really did, but I think there is some room for improvement.
The pizza was later than they said, it was warm, but it wasn't fresh.
I was teetering between 3 and 4 stars.
I'm going to be generous and give a 4, because they did give us a free pie (it wasn't as fresh as I like, but it was free...).

I was on this side of town and decided I stop by Rosati!!!
Why?
Because the very few place I can get Chicago pizza to go!
Place my order and no hassle.
Once the pizza came it was like any other Rosati fresh and good for a Arizona Chicago pizza!!
Staff was very friendly and manager even gave me a free large drink for being a first time here!
Thanks I'll give you the 5 stars!!!
I'll be back!

After my last experience at a different Rosatis location - I opted to drive a little further and order from here instead.
What a difference a 10 minute drive south makes.
This location's staff was On-it!
The young gal was attentive, had my order correct, and even invited me to the store's frequent buyer stamp card and email offers including $5 off my next order!
The pizza was cooked perfectly - Large, Extra Cheese, Pep/Saus combo.
Perfect!
The family ate it all up!
This provides a conundrum for us - do we drive 10 minutes further for this location or go back to the Rosatis on Power?
We will definitely make the drive and return to this location.
But we may give the Power location another shot if we are near the closing time or something like that.
If they drop the ball again - we will likely never return to that location.

Ordered a pizza for delivery, not too bad a little light on the sauce, 1 Chicken Parm and 1 Meatball parm sandwiches, along with mozzarella sticks.
Both sandwiches looked like there was about 1 teaspoon of sauce on them, my wife had to use the sauce that came with the sticks for her sandwich just to eat it.
I called them and told them it was way to dry and they are sending another in about 1 hour.
Whenever I go to subway I always ask them to go light on the sauce because it can be pretty sloppy.
The Subway light on the sauce sandwich had 10 times the sauce on this one.. What are they doing using an eyedropper to apply it?
Disappointed for sure

