Inside or outside?...Soup or salad?...Cheese or no cheese?...Blondes or Brunettes?
We all have our preferences and I am no different.
I have never had a relationship with a redhead go smoothly and Wendy is not an exception:(  She's never really been good to me, although she's occasionally surprised me with something fun and spicy (like a deep fried spicy chicken sandwich that will set your mouth on fire:)  But in the end, she's always been a bit of a disappointment...for a lot of reasons.
Wendy whispers sweet nothings in my ear...things like "always fresh, never frozen" and "made when you order it", yet the burgers are always dripping with moisture and grease...clearly partially cooked and then waiting in a bin next to the grill:(  Wendy always asks me "how do you want it?
"...so coquettish...so provocative...so beguiling!
And yes...
I do tell her how I want it...and she nearly always gets it wrong...clumsily...inconsiderately...often incoherently and unpleasantly wrong:(  I tell her she needs to make it right...and she makes an attempt to satisfy...but I can tell her heart isn't in it:(  I vow that I will not darken her door again, but then I find myself in a tight spot where Wendy is the only one that has what I need...right there...right then...and I succumb.
That was the situation last week...busy, busy, so very busy, last week!
Hard workout...needed a retoxing...almost late for a meeting...empty drive through lane at Wendy's...  Well, you can guess the rest yourself...no need for me to go into the sordid details...except to say that maybe I've gotten a little bit smarter about this crazy redhead...This time, I didn't pull out until I got exactly what I wanted:)   Pull out of the drive through...of the drive through...what did you think I meant?

Was looking for a fast meal the other day and stopped by this location for lunch.
I didn't want a large meal and didn't have time to sit down and eat a Salad, so I ordered a Chocolate Oreo Frosty & Large Fries, ha!
What a great combo.....the Fries were OK and the Chocolate Oreo Frosty was awesome!
I really wanted the regular Oreo Frosty, but they were out of Vanilla.....minus 1 Star for that.
I was full after this meal, that's all that mattered.
Return Factor - 40%

been to this wendys a few times not the best customer service but its ok if ur really hungry i have not returned to this location since the redesign to the walmart in that complex (the reason is because they have a subway in walmart now)

Whenever I get my food- it's cold!
I don't know why I ever go there?!
I keep hoping it'll turn around- like the others.
This is expressly a Frosties Only location for me.

Try harder, please.
This used to be a great location.
The food was always put together with care, it was hot, the chicken juicy.
Now, we get attitude from the staff, nasty attitude from the younger staff, the chicken tastes rubbery, the fries were almost raw, and they left us sitting in the parking lot waiting for them to bring out our drive-thru order.
I finally had to go in and they had totally forgotten about us.
They tried to give us our cold food and I made them make it fresh.
I was SO not please.

This review is specifically for an employee named David.
He is not only efficient and friendly, but took such good care of everyone who came into his store  The stand out moment was an older woman with a walker ordering some lunch.
David took her order.
Walked her to a seat and offered to bring her her tray.
On top of that he brought her mustard and ketchup and came by to refill her drink.
He had consistent people trying to order but took time for the elderly.
David if I had any cash I would has tipped you and made sure you really understand that your efforts do not go unnoticed.
Thank you for going above and beyond!

