Back for more Philosophy.
Guys, it's the best gift idea ever for your girls!!
I love this place!!
For years I have been watching Pholosophy on TV and in the stores.
I finally bit the bullet and went in to Ulta to see what the hype was all about.
Im hooked!!
No need to find a Sephora, Ulta has it all!

Usually the staff isnt so bad.. but lately they have been HORRIBLE!!!!
Not helpful.
I had rewards to spend.. and no1 was helping me look for anything so i got one thing and just wasted the rest because i felt so awkward and intimated.
I dont feel welcomed some of the time... i would say maybe a few of the staff members are good the majority SUCK!!!!...
really disappointed.

I usually love going into ulta, but today was one of the worst experiences I've ever had!
Not only did no one help me what so ever, but I was getting dirty looks from more than one worker.
The women who I assume is the manager gave me multiple dirty looks so that I felt so intimidated that I didn't even want to browse through the store.
I bought the naked 3 pallet and I was planning on buying more things however as soon as I grabbed the pallet I heard over the intercom "security cameras to section one" from the voice of the manager and after I heard this a man followed me through the store until finally I checked out.
Will return to ultra just not this one.
Never felt so unwelcome at this store until today!

I went in yesterday to have my hair done.
I had all over highlights and a color with a haircut my hair is shoulder length.
I was blown away at the price...$167 not including tip.
I have had my hair done at different place with longer hair and it was always around $100.
While the stylist was nice I will not be back.

Convenient getting unique facial and hair care products.
Not a place you go to save money.
Cosmetic manager Jennifer is awesome.
Not thrilled of their new camera call out system to detour theft.
If it helps them from property that is wonderful, but it doesn't make you feel as appreciated as a customer.

