So I've only been living in North Scottsdale since November on the *other* side of Scottsdale Rd.
for most of my life.
Getting fed up with my nails chipping after a few days of being painted I recently decided I would start getting regular manicures so my nails always looked superb.
I live at Thompson Peak Pkwy and FLW so I have plenty of nail salons to choose from but on Saturday picked Paulene's Nails because it was on my way to running errands.
I got in and was seated right away.
For the most part, my experience wasn't half bad until the nail tech asked me if I was pregnant (either for lack of conversation or just to be rude because I have never been asked this in my life) to which I just kind of got a sour experience from there on out.
She criticized my choice in color (black on Valentine's Day) and was asking questions about my boyfriend and I that were frankly none of her business.
She was chattier than any other tech I've ever had.
She ended up slightly injuring one of my nails from filing them down or perhaps cleaning them.
It's just a small cut that has practically healed but not something I should be receiving when I get my nails done.
A simple manicure cost $15 (not terrible) but they wanted $38 for a mani AND a pedi which is WAY too much in my opinion.
Needless to say I will be looking elsewhere for my manicure next time.

This shop can usually get you in within 20 minutes even though they are extremely busy.
The pedi might be a little bit more than other places but I think the massage and length of the pedi is better than most places in the area.
It is also a very clean  salon.
I am enjoying the shellack of my nails.

I've been in here before and it was always your standard run-of-the-mill nail salon.
They take walk-ins and give you good service for a good price.
I went in to treat myself to a pedicure last Friday and had what was probably the best pedicure may have ever had.
Pam did my nails and she was amazing!
She got my feet looking nicer than other nail technicians ever have and gave me the greatest foot massage.
I will definitely be requesting Pam again!

Ok for manicures.
Staff is unfriendly and talk about the customers in foreign tongue!
My recent pedicure was horrible because the tech was digging into one of my nails.
Ouch!

First and last time here.
This place is in every strip mall on every corner so I thought I would give it a shot.
First, the prices are higher than most.
$25 for a "no frills" pedicure is a bit on the high end for a non spa location.
Second, the staff is not really friendly.
They do their job, don't offer magazines, water or a smile.
They are strictly there to do a mediocre job on your pedicure and move on.
Third, you can only tip in CASH.
They make no mention of this until you are checking out and feel aweful that you have no cash on you.
Honestly, I have NEVER been to a nail place where you cannot add on tip.
My extra trip to the bank to go bring back a tip made this even less enjoyable.
Lastly, I get pedicures regularly.
I have NEVER had a pedicure chip and not the polish but my actual nail.
Not awesome.
Save your money and headache and go somewhere else.
I've been to better and considering the competition, I'm sure you have too.

Pam is the best!
I had a polish change done earlier by another girl at the salon because Pam was busy, but came back later in the day to get a pedicure by Pam.
The girl who did my polish change missed spots and the polish was uneven.
Pam took one look at my nails and fixed them right away.
She also did a fantastic job on my pedicure.
She is usually booked up which shows that she's the best!

I have only been here 3 times.
The first time I had a great pedicure.
I do not remember her name but she has a bubbly personality and curly curly hair.
I returned to get a fill & Ken did a great job!
He knew exactly how I liked my nails.
I returned this past Sunday & I almost walked out.
The girl sitting at the Receptionist station did not even look up when I walked in.
She was too interested in her phone.
Really?
I stood there for about 2 mins.
Finally a young girl stepped up to ask me what I needed.
The only reason I stayed was because she was friendly, pleasant & very helpful.
I think she is the owner's daughter.
The color change was just so so & when I asked her to file my nails a bit you could tell she really didn't want to.
So I added $2 to her original $2 tip.
She barely filed them.
Not worth the $11 ($7 charge plus $4 tip).
And they only accept cash for the tip.
No one there is especially friendly except for the person who did my pedicure and the young girl.
Maybe they don't care if they get repeat business or not?
Not sure if I will return.

Rude staff.
They don't turn anyone away, but then rush people through and provide substandard service.
I was not happy with the manicure but when I expressed this to the owner, she just argued back, wanted to charge me again to fix the paint, and was terribly rude.
Given, that there are nail salons in every strip mall, no need to put up with rudeness or sloppiness that happens here.

Tina is very good at pedicures, but I concur about them arguing with you when you are not happy with the product.
I had gel nails that I could not afford to have replaced every two weeks.
When I just asked them to be taken off, they started arguing with me and insisted on charging more than a polish change, even though, I was talked into the gel as a better alternative and had only gone in for a pedicure.
The other tech did it right why I had my pedicure.
If it was so easy to put on, why did they make such a big deal of my not liking it and wanting to take it off.
What happened to the "customer rights?
"  The other thing that really bothers me is that the 'receptionist' is always on his or her cell phone and ignore you for several minutes.
I have almost walked out many times, even though I was the only one there.
They are so distracted by their personal phone calls they scheduled me with a wrong person.
I only go there because it is convenient and close by to my home.
I am on limited income, find the prices a little high, but save on gas, as I usually go when I have to go to Safeway Pharmacy.
I think some of the tech's try, but find it also very frustrating that they talk in Vietnamese all the time.
Even though I am confident they are not talking about me, it really could be interpreted that way~

Awful experience today!
Been going there for years.
Even suggested them to many.
However,  today I showed her a picture of what I wanted.
Her response was.. You need to go to professional,  to get that done..

I've been coming here for years and will never go anywhere else.
Lynn does the best manicures and Paula does a great pedicure that easily lasts for 2 weeks.
My only con would be when I make appointments in advance and I come in to find my girl has been given another client and I either have to wait or settle for someone else.
This is something the owner should address especially for a regular!

Worse nail salon ever!
The receptionist is extremely rude and the staff too.
Do not go there you'll be wasting your time and money.

I get my nails done here on a regular basis & have done so for few years now.
They have always been very pleasant & it's felt very clean in there.
The past few times I've been in for mani/pedi I've noticed the regular nail techs I've used have left.
Then when I called to make an appointment with the nail tech I like the best, they said she was no longer there so I made an appointment with someone I didn't know.
When I showed up for my appointment, the nail tech I requested originally was there & available & she was surprised that they told me she wasn't there.
So I felt like there were some "politics" going on in the place.
Overall I really like this nail salon & I will continue to go back for the time being.

Amazing color selection.
Great, friendly service.
The ladies (all lady staff: YAY!
) took great care of my girls and did full on mani/pedi's for $25.
I was super impressed.
The place appears to be very clean and organized.
I'm definitely coming back!

