Decided to call CityWide based on positive online reviews.
We suspected a slab leak and a really expensive repair.
Robert showed up within 20 minutes, determined the source of the leak within 5 minutes, and it turned out to be something really simple and inexpensive.
He repaired it with a brand new line, we paid, and he left within a half hour of us calling CityWide.
Very professional, friendly, and efficient!
Would definitely recommend CityWide for anyone's plumbing needs.

I returned home to find that my water heater was leaking in the garage and knew that it was time to finally replace the unit.
I shopped around and carefully read consumers comments.
I contacted Citywide who promised service within the hour and at the best price I could find.
Citywide arrived within the hour and replaced my water heater immediately.
I recommend Citywide!

Discovered a leak on our water heater around 8pm on a Friday night.
Yikes!
Had to shut the water main off and call plumbers.
Luckily, I remembered our HOA uses city wide for all plumbing issues.
Their office didn't open until 8am the next morning (Saturday), but they had someone here by 10am.
Fixed the issue (wasn't the actual water heater itself).
Cost $180.
Not too bad, I guess.
Especially when you need water!

I had a leak in the seal of an upstairs toilet causing water to drip onto the ceiling downstairs.
I called another company and they told me it would take a week to send someone out.
I called City Wide and Robert showed up at my door within 2 hours and had the problem fixed within 30 minutes.
Both Robert and the office staff were a pleasure to work with.
They are very professional and you can tell they care about their customers.
I was given a fair price and an additional discount for being a first time customer.
Highly recommended for any plumbing needs.

Excellent company.
I don't remember how I found out about them, but I'm sure glad I did!
Rob has done all the work each time... and each visit has been extremely friendly and great service at a very fair price.
I have more work I need done and I'll be happily using them

I am new to Yelp but hope someone finds this helpful.
Shortly after buying my condo the disposal was clogged and I quickly needed a plumber.
A buddy of mine recommended City Wide and I was beyond impressed with their service level and especially with their price.
They were easy to schedule and came to my place that same night.
Knowing nothing about plumbing, I found the gentlemen to be honest and informative.
He explained everything he was doing, advice on do's and don'ts going forward, and didn't try to sell me into additional services or products.
Trust and value are hard to find in any industry today, so these guys certainely earned my business going forward.
-Taylor-

I first called City Wide out to replace a hot water heater at my parents house a number of years ago, and they have since become my go-to plumbing company for my own home, our rental properties, and I recommend them to all of my clients.
I've always been given great service and the prices are absolutely more than fair in comparison to other companies i've gotten bids from.
The office staff remembers me by name - and even take the extra time to ask me how my family and business are doing.
City Wide will always be my first recommendation and first phone call any time i need plumbing services.
Top notch.

I could not be happier!!
After many horrible experiences with plumbers, I was blown away by this company!
It was super easy to make an appointment, the plumber came the same day for no additional charge.
Robert Gault was our plumber and he was so nice and helpful!
Was on time, fixed our broken toilet, and had it all done in 30 minutes.
I would reccomend this company to anyone looking for an honest and reliable plumber... ask for Robert!
You wont be dissapointed!

Fast service and reasonable price.
I highly recommend these folks!

City Wide Plumbing is a great company.
We called them on a Wednesday with a pretty mammoth task set on our kitchen sink including a leaky RO faucet, broken and leaky kitchen faucet and a very old and disgusting old garbage disposal.
They were out on Thursday for the estimate early for their scheduled time of 9-10a.
In Chandler, Lou is an excellent plumber and had not only given us an affordable estimate but had completed all work in an hour.
We are now able to use our kitchen faucet again (new faucet installed), we have our new garbage disposal installed and the leaky RO faucet is removed and no longer leaking.
I signed up to Yelp just to give this review because we cannot believe how easy and affordable/fair it was considering the task at hand.
Thank you Lou and City Wide Plumbing, we will definitely be using City Wide Plumbing again!

Lou came to use within 15 minutes of calling.
He was focused, professional, and solved our problem within the half hour.
It saved us a ton of anxiety and stress!
Thanks Lou!

I recently bought a house.
Out with their under-sink reverse osmosis system and in with my reverse osmosis system.
Problem was that their water in spigot was the type that punctures the copper pipe coming in from the wall.
So what happens?
Their little spigot with no hose on it decides it won't fully close.
If it won't close then it will drip.
I can't simply take off the spigot because that spigot has punctured the line.
so, I called City Wide.
They cut off the old copper pipe with the puncture in it and welded a new piece on as well as a new quarter-turn shutoff valve.
It cost me $174 which seems high for a small amount of work, but I think it was worth it.
The copper coming from the wall wasn't that long and the hole was close to the wall meaning not much room to cut the pipe off or to weld a new sleeve on.
Could I have done it myself?
Sure, but eff that...
I would have cursed myself for 4 hours and had to go back to Lowes 14 times... and I probably would have burned myself doing all this.
On a different note... here lately I've been trying to fix things here and there and been calling people trying to set things up.
It seems the trend is that people are hard to get a hold of and if you do they don't call back.
This place I called, they said they'd have someone out in an hour and they came and did their job.

Our water heater was leaking for over a year and caused over $9,000.00 in damages.
I am so thankful I was able to talk to Larry and He coached me through getting a good plumber in my area to take care of me and how much things should cost and what brand and size was best for our situation.
City Wide Plumbing and Company is a company you can trust and be sure you will get more than you paid for!
They care about their customers.

I have been living in the East Valley for the past seven years.
I've lived in rental properties all over Tempe.
A few years back, I had a slow leak in one of the kitchen pipes behind the wall.
City Wide came out and found the affected area, replaced what was needed and all for a very affordable price.
I highly recommend them to anyone looking for prompt and great service.

FABULOUS service!
A micro burst took out a very large Mesquite tree in our yard... pulling up the water main to the house in the process.
City Wide was out to my house at 8:30 the next morning despite my calling them after business hours.
I couldn't have asked for speedier response.
They knowledgeable technician explained the process to me and proceeded to install a temporary line to the house that allows us to live here while the tree is removed.
HIGHLY recommend these folks for your plumbing needs!

My call was answered immediately, and I was able to get a next-day appointment for a repair.
Lou showed up right at the start of the window I was given, and did his job quickly and professionally.
He gave me a rough, reasonable cost estimate before beginning, and came in a couple dollars below it.
I'm very pleased with the service I've received from City Wide, and will use them in the future.

Fast, excellent,  friendly service.
And they actually pick up the phone.
5 stars.

I've been a customer for several years.
David came out on time and quickly found my leaking tub valve.
You can't go wrong with Citywide.

I had David from CityWide plumbing out to my home to clear a clogged kitchen sink.
He was very knowledgable and gave me some good tips of how to prevent the clogging from happening again.
Before he left, he tested the disposal and other water lines to make sure I was good to go.

When my regular plumber, Sav-On Plumbing, couldn't help me due to a big job they were working, Tom recommended I call City Wide Plumbing.
They were prompt, professional and reasonably priced.
Great job, guys!

I had a hot water slab leak recently and had 3 companies give me estimates.
City Wide was cheaper and more professional than the other companies so I went with them.
I was able to schedule Robert really fast and he did a great job.
We decided with my budget, the best thing to do was abandon the old hot water line under foundation, and run a new PEX line through the ceiling.
He also added a shut off valve after the hot water heater, disconnect an external drain pipe that was left by previous owners (added a cap to it in case I wanted an outside sink later), and anchored two outside lines to my wall that had been detached prior to moving in.
All done for no additional charge!
Had Gabe come out at a later time to snake my washer drain and their price was very reasonable.
Really nice guys, easy to schedule with, great work!

