We have been several times now and are always pleased with the food and service.
A good reliable place to eat.

Good food, the price is right.

This was a very cute place and the food was good for the price.
There were three of us and we had the taco salad, rolled tacos, and chicken quesadilla.
We were all pleased with our food and the service.

Always good food and service here.
The salsa you can eat by the bowlful  lol

$9 Chimi and $2.50 coke, plus tax and tip... where am I eating at right now?
This isn't exactly the high rent district out here on Indian School road halfway between the 101 and Dysart Rd.
Chips were rather dry and resembled the generic brand ones that come in a bag modestly labeled 'chips' that my in-laws buy.
Salsa was fresh (good onion & tomato), but the Chimi, beans, rice, and service were just average.
I'm not sure why the other reviewers found the price to be just right.
I fear that this place enjoys inflated review scores because it's down in the Avondale/Goodyear area with so little decent competition.

We had a Restaurant.com gift certificate, so we went out to see if they were any good.
We visited just before Christmas...so I can't recall specifics.
However, the food was decent.
Nothing spectacular, but wasn't bad either.
The real turnoff here was the service.
Slow.
Really slow...and this was on a night that had about 6 tables seated.
What really stuck in my mind was the 10 minutes and two requests it took to get my credit card back from the waiter when I paid.
The last request he looked at me like "whaddya want?
"   We will not be back.

I was here a few year back, but I was not a yelper yet and I cannot recall how the food was.
My MIL loves this place and I a GC from the restaurant.com so off we went.
The service and the food was better than I expected.
We ordered a manny's appetizer platter to share.
Not too shabby.
I got ordered the chicken chimi.
It was not too bad.
Good but nothing special.

I've now tried Manny's twice...both times were equally terrible.
The food comes in at a decent price point but certainly not great.
Especially considering how hard it seems to be for them to get an order right, and or serve quality food.
I've had the fajitas, they were bland and boring.
There salsa is on par with the Pace you pick up at the grocery store.
We will not go back for a third try.

Manny's Mexican food is some of the best food north of the border, ..    With the friendly service and attention to detail makes this a valley gem!
The decor and authentic music inside are vibrant and inviting.
Ample parking outside makes it easy to get in and out even when it's very busy.
The food is excellent!
My favorite is the Carne Asada Burrito ... but today I'm having the Fajitas ... what a treat!
... but it seems that everything at Manny's is delicious and made with the care and love that Mom would put into her food!
My wife had a Chimi and asked for some baha sauce .
which is a very non-standard request for a chimi .
.NO PROBLEM!
it was there in seconds, drinks always full!
They even found that so hard to do secret of asking how is the meal, while no one had a mouthful of food!
My son had the Baha Chicken Enchiladas .
he just raived about how great it was .
creamy sauce, moist savory chicken, .
he can never get enough cheese .
he remarked  " Wow this is really cheesy .
I love it!!
"   The waitresses remember what my favorites are, and suggest other specials that quickly become favorites!
In short Manny's is just great and I can't wait to come here again and again!

We really enjoy Manny's and they not only have some really pretty good food, they have some cool specials during the week!
Tuesday is $1 Tuesdays, Wednesday $2 off combos and such specials thru the week.
There are plenty of regulars which also tells you that it is a place that is well liked.
They have a nice patio and good staff overall.
It may not be the best decor (not bad just a lot of red) within the restaurant but really you are there for the food!

We've been here twice.
Both times the food was great and the staff is friendly.
We'll be back!

Recently dined here and absolutely LOVED it!
The waitress was extremely nice and got our order perfect.
We had a big group and had several appitizers and food.
Pricing was great for as much as we got!
Walked away Fat, Dumb and Happy.
The owner was really nice and made sure to walk around to each table to make sure everyone was happy.
We will make several trips back!
Thanks Manny's!

Food was terrible!
$2.50 for a drink!
Would not recommend.
Never ever going back gross and terrible service.

the food was bland and uninspired.
the service was quick and friendly.
another reviewer hit the nail on the head with the salsa comparing to pace from the supermarket.
we ordered: a tostada, steak & chicken fajitas, the #1 which is a cheese enchilada and a beef taco, and chicken strips & fries for our little terror tots.
again i find myself agreeing with another reviewer-$2.50 for a bloody soda is a bit pricey as well.
the husband asked for a wee bit more sour cream and guac.
to top off his last fajita...the server brought them quickly, however they were huge portions and ice cold-which he then decided to charge an additional $5 for.
it's a good thing i didn't marry a sucker, after arguing with the waiter, the manager complied...however, it didn't come off of the 18%% gratuity that the waiter automatically received from our coupon.
next time i want mexican food i'll drive to 67th and indian school and go to popo's...they never fail to deliver.

This is the best Mexican food in the area.
It does serve alcohol and has an outside bar even though it is family friendly.
I recommend the fajitas and chi-mi's.

As far as Mexican food goes, this is my favorite spot.
I can't get enough of their shredded beef tacos and, if you're feeling indulgent, the seafood enchiladas are amazing!
I have never had a bad meal here and try to eat here at least twice a month.
The only thing keeping them from being 5 star is their wait staff.
Some nights, you will literally not see your waitress for 20 minutes at a time.
But if you're not in a hurry, DEFINITELY try this place.
TIP: If you're not into the "bar scene", avoid it on Friday and Saturday nights (after 8pm I believe).
They have a DJ outside and the party gets kinda loud.

Service is horrible!!
Two waitresses for entire restaurant.
Stuff never arrived at table when ordered.
Bad experience!!
Hire more servers!

Arrived last night with a party of six.
We had a great server; she was attentive and always kept making sure we were okay.
The food on the other hand was not that impressive.
We ordered a lot of food, so here it goes.
My dad ordered their shrimp cocktail/cerviche he said it was good but they didn't have any crackers to go with it for him.
I ordered their chicken quesadilla and that was mouth watering delicious.
My daughters ordered the children's quesadilla meal and that was not very impressive.
Two small flat grilled tortillas with a small amount of white cheese.
My parents didn't complain about their meal but didn't rave about it either.
I had the dinner #8 which was a green chili burro.
I am a sucker for green chili burros and then one did not take the cut.
The sauce inside was more like a gravy then a chili mixture.
I didn't see any whole or sliced green chili's inside of it.
The meat was not tender and was just chunks of meat.
This place has the potential to be a great Mexican restaurant yet they don't strive to be.
I doubt I will return to this place again.

Like a cleaned up version of Raul and Theresas.
Clean and colorful.
Food is decent and reasonably priced.
Our waiter was polite and efficient but not overly friendly.
Try smiling.
Also never came back to check on us after serving.
Ample parking.
Cute outdoor bar with dance music.
We like Chevy's or Macayo's better.

By far the worst food experience that I have had in AZ since moving here.
They should change thier name to "American Caserols trying to be mexican".
GROSS.
I ordered the seafood enchalada's.
That was my first mistake.
NEVER order seafood your first time at a restaraunt!
They were made with FLOUR tortilla's and the sauce was the conistency of OOBLECK (yes, that gross stuff you made in grade school by mixing cornstarch and water together).
The "seafood" was immitation crab and bay shrimp.
It was so disgusting that I sent it back.
The waitress couldn't have cared less that I didn't like my food.
She just said "ok, whatever" and took it.
You couldn't pay me to go back this this place again!

No Buena !
Rice was okay and chips were okay.
I won't be returning  Made me sick all night  ;(

Too hot to sit outside on patio, but cant wait to return!
Homemade chips n salsa, yum Patron Marg w grand marnier, delish Mini chimi's, Yum Steak dinner w flour tortilla, yummy!
Cant wait to return!

The food has been really good every time we've been there, and we have been there a lot!
But...
The wait staff must be working a call center in the back because like another reviewer said, you will not see them for long periods of time.
You're lucky to get refills on drinks, and when you ask for water for the entire table, you're lucky if you get any.
I had to remind our waiter, and he only brought out water for half of our group.
We have been there when's it's dead, and when it's busy.
The service is consistent; very poor.
If you have time to kill, and you're not in a hurry, this is your place.
Be sure to buy a certificate from restaurant.com.
I picked up a bunch of $25 off of a $35 minimum purchase for under $2 each.

Meh.

The staff was nice but not enough servers for the load of dinner patrons.
We had the quesadilla (cheese crisp), Mexican pizza (cheese crisp with beans and greasy meat) and the fish tacos.
The beans were good and tasted authentic but everything else was subpar.
The chuck was greasy as was the fish, the two cheese crisps were overcooked and the rice had little flavor.
Would be willing to give it another shot on a slower day but would definitely  suggest they get more kitchen staff to improve the food and more servers to handle the guests.
Gordon Ramsey would have a field day with this place!
They have so much potential given they have such a good location and loyal customers.
Wish I could have given it a better rating.

My wife and I bought a $30 Groupon for Manny's.The tacos and enchiladas were decent enough.I liked the free chips and salsa.But the service was lackadaisical at best,and negligent at worst,and it was a very slow time of day.
We got our bill,and the total was about $21.We were then told we had to use the whole 30.I said it was ok,we can forfeit the rest.We were then informed that the bill had to be 30,so they could add the 18% gratuity in the fine print on the Groupon.Thats fine,go ahead.We get the revised bill,and they added the extra sales tax of bumping it to 30,along with the gratuity.To review,a $21 bill became a $39 bill.It was only nine dollars out of my pocket,no biggie.But what a rinky dink way of doing business.
I live only a few miles from here.If the service and attitude had better,or even made sense,they would have had a steady customer.As it is,Groupon would have to pay ME to go back.

I went with my girlfriends for a night out and we had an amazing time.
The food was DELICIOUS.
It was unfortunate that we went on a busier night but after the wait to be seated, everything was wonderful.
Food was great.
Our server was knowledgable and on top of things.
They kept the drinks coming.
And the restaurant may have been a little small, the atmosphere was incredibly welcoming and exciting.
I also got to check out the bathrooms and I was extremely pleased at how clean they were, especially since it was so busy.
Manny's was on their game!

Really good food for a spot that looks like its part of the bar next to it.
Food is great portion ally and tastes amazing.
Will be a new spot for me

This place is close to my house, so I go occasionally when I just need a Mexican food fix.
However, I have not had a consistent experience.
Sometimes the food and service are decent, sometimes just the food, sometimes just the service.
Totally hit or miss.
But I like the small town restaurant feel of this place and perhaps that's what keeps me coming back every few months or so.
Definitely experienced better, but most definitely have experienced worse.

Pretty good food with an ice cold Pacifica.
Sat on the patio.
Driving range across the street.

The food was bad and the service was even worse.
The fish taco was a prebreaded piece that you would purchase for the freezer section of the grocery store.
It was very greasy and over cooked.

Only reason why it's getting a 2 star is because the staff was decent.
We came in with a groupon, ordered the taco salads and they were horrible!
Very little lettuce & ingredients and not even half way full in the shell, we pretty much got a taco shell.
There were 4 of us and the bus boy kept giving us a very small amount of chips but enough salsa to feed us for days...it was just weird, so we asked for more chips and got the same small amount but another round of salsa that wasn't needed.
Don't go there for authentic Mexican food cause you'll get bagged cheese and canned beans, El Pollo Loco has more authentic Mexican food than this place, better servings and better service.

bad food and bad service.
Why is the price different when using a groupon?

Horrible food.
Not sure what happened to this place but it used to have pretty good food.
I took my family yesterday and my carnitas plate was burnt, my sons chicken tenders were burnt,   the rice tasted old, my tortillas were hard,  and my wife's taco meat was tasteless.
When I asked the waiter if we could exchange my son's tenders he took the plate back and brought them back looking even worse.
I will never return here and recommend you don't either, as the prices are pretty high for the quality of food.

Manny's is one of those places that we go to when we just want to know that we are going to get properly cooked Mexican food.
The tacos are always crispy (unlike Old Pueblo), though a touch bland.
The enchiladas are yummy, but there are no rolled flour tortilla flautas (a personal fave of mine).
I ordered the flautas and was surprised when they showed up in corn tortillas.
The salsa is my one really "large" complaint".
It is way too watery and has no kick at all.
Kind of like a chucky catsup with onions.
Such a shame!
Overall, ), the service is attentive, and the food is tasty if a bit under seasoned.. As unfortunate as this is, it is also the best full service Mexican restaurant in the Litchfield Park area,

I absolutely love this place!
Delicious margaritas and chicken tacos!
The homemade chips and salsa are good too...it's mild, but good!
It is the epitome of authentic Mexican food-tastes all homemade!

Wow my food was just awful !!
' Steak was very thick & dry & just couldn't even chew it !!!
Paid $16.00 and I would love to enjoy my food !!!
Sorry won't be back !!!
Oh yea had the fajitas ....

Wife and I rode the Harley over for lunch.
Great food... will return.

Went for lunch there because I was told it was really good from coworkers!
Nothing fresh at this place!!
Fish tacos taste like old frozen boxed fish from the grocery store old guacamole couldn't eat sent it back, shrimp ceviche totally watered down that it made the tortilla shell soggy and no flavor !!
Old rice and beans - it all made me sick, literally!!
Never going back!!
Yuck!!
Talked to my coworkers when I got back and they admitted they haven't been there for a long time!!
Obviously it's totally gone down hill !

Super casual place, good food and great service.
Great place to stop in with the wife and kids.
Nothing fancy but a nice place to grab a good meal.

Used to eat here all the time but the last couple times they have been horrible.
food tasted old and chips are not fresh anymore.
maybe they changed cooksi dont know but they are not the same Manny's with awesome food and reasonably price.
:(  Ive left a great review in the past and not my stomach churns every time we pas by this place :(

the food is good and service is great, The alboneagas soup and stuffed chile reileno are fantastic

Awesome food Love the their chip and home made salsa It's free too  I can eat that all day They should be charging for that good food I would pay for it Tried their chicken and beef tacos cause they are awesome

Great customer service!!
Our server was fast and checked on us many times to see how we were doing .
We had the Mexican pizza for appetizer which was full of flavor.
The chips and salsa were good and free.
I enjoyed my food beside the burrito it had cubed beef not a big fan of that.
Margaritas were tasty also.
Good experience would return.

Wow, where to begin.
My friends and I walked in and they claimed they didn't sell alcohol.
Long story short they didn't want to work.
It was at 4pm by the way... We sat out side and a server came out offering "drinks" and menus.
The food was awful!!!!
Drinks you can't really mess up, unless you claim you don't sell them.. Don't waist your hard earned money here.
This was the most pathetic establishment I have been to here in the valley.

My girlfriend and I tried this place because we had a groupon for $40.
Unfortunately everything is just a little bit over priced.
Not a lot of value here.
The food wasn't terrible, although it was kind of bland.
We shared the Fajitas for Two.
We also got some margaritas and chips/queso for an appetizer.
I was surprised at how little we got for $40.
The margaritas were good, best part of the dinner.
The queso was $6 and was nothing special at all.
Just cheese.
The sizzling steak/chicken Fajitas were ok but they didn't include very many bell peppers, just a lot of onions.
The chichken was decent, the steak didn't look very appetizing and it was pretty chewy.
Overall I probably wouldn't go back, mostly because it's too expensive for what you get.
If it was a little cheaper I might've considered returning.
Going to try Popo's, I've heard it's very good.

I went there for lunch because I had a hankering for Mexican and a Groupon.
The service started out good but didn't finish that way.
We were honestly 7 minutes from dinning and ditching.
After we got our food we didn't see our waitress for another 30 minutes!
The food did not make up for it either.
I am pretty sure they microwaved everything.
I go out to dinner to get food better than what I can make at home and this fell way short of my standards.

This place has great food.
Love the feel and look of this place.
The outside dining area is a bit small.
We opted to sit inside because there was a family sitting out there and their child was having a melt down and screaming and crying.
Service is fast, but our waiter has the interpersonal skills of a door knob.
Work on it!!

Mannys alcohol beverage tasted like flu medicine.
I would stick with regular domestic beer next time.
Didn't like the crunchy Quesadilla, soft one might be better.
Carne Asada dinner was really good.
Lot of good meat.
Service was good, but check up on you every minute literally.
I might come back if I'm in this area of town

Terrible food.
What ever you do don't order albondigas soup.
It was a bowl full of greasy unstrained beef with one measly piece of carrot and celery and three small meatballs of mystery meat.
Corn tortillas were greasy.
Won't be returning to this place.
Kudos to wait staff, they were attentive.

Went to manny's for Cinco de Mayo.
Big mistake!
This is not authentic Mexican food!
I ordered there version of albondigas soup.
All grease.
No vegies.
Tiny meat balls.
Who would serve this to anyone.
There version of tamales are frozen heated  in the microwave.
This is not fresh homemade food.
Unfortunately for them not going here again.
Should of went to Garcias.

UPDATE: I moved away from AZ last year and as soon as I got back, I just had to have these shredded beef tacos.
I'm updating my review because their staff must have gone through retraining because the service was GREAT on my visit.
Highly recommended.

I'm a bit shocked the average rating is just 3 of 5 stars.
My family and I went to Manny's and thought it was great all around.
The food was tasty, the staff was attentive and the prices seemed appropriate (I did not have a Groupon).
I mean, isn't that what you'd expect?
We'll be going back (and with a Groupon it'll be even better.

So its a Wednesday night.
Dont feel like cooking.
Found a Groupon.
Mexican sounds ok.
I scan the yelp reviews and figure its a gamble.
So we decide to check it out.
Well I am happy to report it was good.
We both ordered enchiladas.
I have the three ameigos.
Beef chicken and cheese w all 3 sauces.
The beef is shredded.
Tasted like beef stew meat almost.
It was good but my least favorite.
The chicken was shredded.
All white meat.
Very tasty.
The green sauce was my favorite.
The white was good too.
The red was my least fav.
Hubby liked his as well.
We ordered soft drinks and 2 fried ice creams to go.
It all came to about $38 So not bad with a groupon.
Its a little high priced for the quality.
It was tasty but I prefer fresh high quality food.
This is your standard American Mexican.
Not bad.
Definitely recommend with a Groupon.
Service was great.
The guy was very friendly.
I think he may have been the owner.
We were served in like 4 min.
It was nutz.
In and out of there in under 30 min.
I left feeling lile a stuffed thanksgiving bird.

