Now that a week has gone by, I feel I can write this review and not become unhinged.
My beloved cat Pepper, who was my constant companion for the last 2 years, spent last weekend at this Emergency Animal Clinic.
Our regular vet told us to bring him here as it was the 24-hour animal hospital closest to our home.
It turned out he had a very serious bladder stone condition, and come Monday, when we were able to see our regular vet, we made the heart-breaking decision that putting him down was the best thing to do.
However, if the staff at this EAC had managed to give us all the information they had, we might have been able to save Pepper a lot of pain and misery sooner and maybe us hundreds if not thousands of dollars.
First of all, this place is ghetto.
Nothing about the appearance and upkeep inspires any confidence.
Secondly, they have rotating doctors and technicians, so you are always talking to someone new.
And everyone has a different opinion, and most of them were inconsistent with what our vet told us in the end.
The reception area staff was unprofessional.
The first girl we spoke to stammered over how to ask when Pepper had last urinated or defecated.
Um... how about learning and using appropriate terminology?
The person entering my information transposed 2 of the numbers of my cell phone number.
No wonder they had to call my husband instead.
I verbally corrected it with them over the phone, but when we went in later that day, they still had not changed it on Pepper's  paperwork, so we took out a pen and fixed it ourselves.
They neglected to call us when Pepper's urethra blocked yet again within the first 12 hours.
They neglected to call us when his temperature spiked again and he became agitated.
They said they told my husband the results of his blood tests over the phone, but he does not recall hearing that information.
They did let us come see him several times, and while we were waiting to be led back to the cages, we were regaled with loud and stupid personal conversations, that apparently the staff did not care that the rest of us in the waiting room could hear.
It just pissed me off that we were all in life-and-death situations and they were all into their petty gossiping.
Not that I expect a medical practice to be a somber graveyard, but appropriate conversation at an appropriate volume would simply show respect for the clientele.
When I told my boss, a fellow cat lover and downtown resident, what happened, she said that she too had once taken a cat to this EAC in an emergency.
It was having severe upper respiratory problems, and they were having some trouble getting it out of its carrier.
So instead of getting my boss to see if she could coax it out, they tied a rope around its neck.
Around the neck of a cat who couldn't breathe.
She took the cat somewhere else immediately.
I will also never go here again in an emergency, and have since spoken to a number of people who have given me other options should I find myself in need of immediate after hours care.
Our bill (which had to be pre-paid, mind you) was nearly $2000.
Outrageous indeed.

Kerstin, I'm really sorry for your loss and your ordeal.
I, on the other hand, had a good experience here the other night.
I got in from California this past Saturday and noticed my 16-year old cat, Daisey, was extremely lethargic and not peeing where she was supposed to.
She barely ate her nightly treat (my cats are spoiled and get a dollop of wet food at dinnertime) or the little treats I had gotten at PetSmart.
She also practically collapsed onto my lap, when she usually walks around a bit and liked every part of her little body scratched.
I texted my friend Maura, who's a veterinary neurosurgeon (#thevet) and she said she had a friend who was there right then and gave me directions.
It wasn't too far from my house.
As soon as I walked in and told them I would have to put my Daisey to sleep, they whisked her away for the arm catheter and put me in a private room.
The LAST thing you want to do in this situation is sit in a waiting room, crying.
They came in after just a few moment with my paperwork and went over all the different urns I could buy.
The price wasn't more than what I had paid at Alta Vista (will NEVER go there again!
), so I signed and waited for my Daisey.
Dr Rose (I can't remember her last name!!!
) is Maura's friend and brought Daisey in.
They gave me as much time as I needed, alone, with her.
I really didn't want her suffering to go on much longer, so as soon as I called, the doctor came right back in.
I got to be with Daisey until the end.
Today, I got a sympathy card in the mail and a phone call about her ashes being ready.
Picking them up was a really quick process and, though painful, not their fault.
They have cats there that were abandoned that live there, in the office, and serve as blood donors.
How awesome is that??
I even brought Dexter with me, as I am looking for a new vet for him.
They only do emergency services, but gave me a postcard with several vets in the area.
I wouldn't hesitate to go there again!

We had as best experience as you can when you are in an emergency situation with your pet.
Our dog had been neutered on a Monday in December at a vets office, he had a retracted testical, so there was more surgery invovled then the normal neutering.
I stayed home monday with him, the hubs stayed home tuesday with him.
We had a cone on his head...Thursday we came home from work to find he had manuvered around the cone and had licked his stitches OPEN...it was bad.
The vet was closed, and I had remember seeing the Emergency Animal hospital...so off we went.
It was about 6pm.
They took the pup and said to wait or come back in 45 minutes so they could inspect him.
After 45 minutes we got some bad news... the pup had licked it to the point that there was dead tissue and a raging infection.
And it was going to cost close to $1,000.
::gulp::  They did say they could clean out the infection and stitch him up and we could take him to the vet the next day, but we didnt want to risk things getting worse just to save a few bucks.
So he stayed there, over night.
The staff was really great (aside from the very unfriendly older receptionist) I called and check in on him at 11 pm and then again at 7am.
Once we had him home I probably called the hospital AT LEAST 5-8 times asking random questions and they were always more then happy to answer them.
Pup had to have 2 drains put in, dead tissue and muscle removed, a ton of stitches...it was a tough 2 weeks of recovery...but he is back to his sassy puppy self.

This place really made a terrible situation as easy as possible.
Our cat was hit by a car or beaten, and my husband found her immobile and crying horribly in pain.
We rushed her to the clinic, and the doctor saw her right away.
She told us our options, but was very upfront about the liklihood that our kitty would pass no matter what we did.
She didn't pressure us one way or another, and left the room so that we could talk privately and make our decision.
My husband asked if they could give her some pain meds while we talked about it, and they gave her some immediately.
Once we made our difficult decision to put our kitty down, she brought the cat into a private room with us so that we could say goodbye.
She left us alone and gave us as much time as we needed.
She also let us be present in the room when they gave her the final shot.
At all times the doctor and the techs were compassionate and very respectful.
I was crying and they were very sensitive to my feelings.
They treated my little kitty so gently even after she had passed.
They even sent a sympathy card to our house a few days later.
I really appreciated how they helped us through this difficult time, and I would definitely reccommend them if anyone else is in a similar situation.

I have gone here twice and both times our dog, Luna, was treated wonderfully.
The first time was for an allergic reaction to a bite, and they got her well and us off with all the necessary medicine.
Unfortunately, the 2nd time there was nothing they could do for her, but they provided us a private room and notified us about some different options we could choose from.
At no time did I feel rushed nor pressured to use their services, and I appreciated everything they helped us with that day.
Five stars for their staff's kindness (from the front desk to the vets) and consideration during one of the hardest times we've ever had to face.

Sunday morning dog emergency.
Efficient professional and caring.
Thought the cost was very reasonable.
Techs were great the vet was cranky, but was at the end of a long night shift so I'll give that some consideration.
Definitely recommend for an off hour emergency.

Overall my dog was treated very well.
The only thing I have to complain about is the front desk.
Unfortunately my dog was vomiting, had diarrhea, and couldn't hold his pee.
When we first came in he made a mess in the waiting room, then they moved us to an exam room, where he continued to make a major mess.
Then they wanted us to move into another room where again he made a mess.
As we were waiting for the vet, I over heard the front desk associate tell either another client or another associate that they couldn't use the "2 rooms" because the "people completely trashed them.
" As a client trying to obtain the best possible care for my dog does not need to over hear a comment like this!
I felt completely disrespected!
On the other hand, Stacey was absolutely wonderful and truly showed her compassion for caring for the various pets that come in.
Considering that this is the only 24 hr emergency clinic, we will probably come back of need be.
But I'm very disappointed in the way the front desk associated treated our situation.

I will give them 5 stars for the wonderful midnight care they gave my dog a few months back.
Very fair price for late night care!
Treat well and felt good.
My dog came home just fine!

We were from out of town one Sunday in Phoenix when my mini-Schnauzer went critical.
We had Max stay there overnight, for observation and monitoring of his blood levels (he had abdominal bleeding).
The front staff, vet techs and the vet-on-duty were ok but seemed less compassionate and not as "warm" as I had gotten accustomed to dealing with at our vet's clinic.
First off, off the three proposed plans of care that they came up with, the vet tech decided to show me the MOST expensive option, which discussed splenectomy (mind you, we were still waiting til the blood levels were stabilized and the bleeding had stopped so ultrasounds could be taken in the MORNING, so nobody really knew whether removing any internal organ was the thing to do).
Then, the cost that was quoted to us was around $5,000+!
)-: I had gone through a similar situation with our other dog not too long ago and we didn't get a cost estimate that high, and yes my other dog had splenectomy, in San Diego CA (which I would assume would have been more expensive).
This place didn't strike me as anything fancy or elegant but I realize this place could get very busy especially at night.
I was already stressing over my sick puppy, and felt even sadder and more anxious when other people had brought in their injured dogs (one dog was run over, another had bloat, a kitty was I'll...).
Through it all, I never did get any vet tech or staff member periodically come out and check up on us while we agonizingly waited for anyone to give us an update on our baby.
I didn't feel that the staff really had my dog's best interest at heart, although they were very fast and efficient about handing me my hospital fees for the night for me to pay upfront ($1000+)?!
I reluctantly left my baby there for the night as I felt that I didn't have much choice in such a critical situation.
But after an hour of being back at our hotel I started calling the hospital every 1-2 hours to get updates.
And maybe I was being more sensitive than usual, but each time I would call to request updates, the staff on the other end of the line sounded so nonchalant as she reported Max's PCV levels (as if she was just talking to me about something mundane and nothing critical at all )-:   I did give this place 2 stars because they were the only 24-hour vet on board facility available to us when we needed one.
Honestly the overall vibe I got about this place was that it was just a great money-making business, and even if they did care about the animals' welfare, that came secondary only.
If anyone had suggestions for other 24/7 emergency vet facilities please post here!
You will help a lot of pet parents I am sure.

Got there at 10:30 pm, was greeted by very nice staff in a clean environment.
They took my little guy in the back and checked him over, got permission to do some X-rays, and were very good about relaying what they were doing and what was happening.
With X-rays done and pain medication, plus the initial fee it came out to be substantially less than I expected.
They did good work, were very professional, and courteous.
Dr. Paylor was very nice, and knowledgeable.
Thank you!

Arrived there on a Tuesday night around 10pm to have my dog put to sleep.
The staff was so caring and compassionate, they made this unfortunate situation much eaiser.
I want to thank everyone for the time they gave me with my dog before and after her injection.
And her paw print!!
They have the right employes working there for this type of emergency clinic!

The entire Staff I want to say THANK YOU All.
From our family We were sent there way by a friend Thank You AnaMArie   It was a experience like no other  The young lady at the counter who was so very welcoming and understanding.
To our Technician who prepared our  "Naughty Baby Girl Fiona" Who actually said she never growled once  To the Dr. Who's kindness with our little was appreciated to the last breathe.
And the portable coffin WITH paw prints was just too much.
We were thankful for all of them And will tell many about The Angels on Glendale

Totally pissed at this place right now!
I have been here twice, once for a newborn puppy that ended up passing away and last night for our American Bulldog that is 9 and passed out.
First time the people were kind, compassionate and helpful when explaining that newborn pups commonly die.
Last night and this morning they were definitely not and it wasn't the same staff.
My husband rescued Rouh at 5 months old and he is nothing short of a kid to us.
We know that he is really getting up there in years so when he passed out and had labored breathing we left the house in our pjs and without my husband's wallet.
Rouh was admitted right away and we payed for the critical care option which is around $230.
After a few hours they gave us a prognosis and another outline of what could possibly be done further at at cost of $1250.
Now by this time he was pretty stable, on IV fluids but we were beat, my husband had just worked 2 days of doubles, he owns a gourmet food truck and could barely see straight.
The list they gave us was a lot to digest not to mention the steep price tag.
We asked if we could go home and get some sleep and see how he is doing in the morning since he was still on an IV.
The attendant asked the doctor who said it was fine but that they couldn't run anymore tests or do x-rays until they got payment upfront.
I said that the fact that we are so tired it would be negligent on my part to drive home, get more money and drive back.
I had no interest in falling asleep at the wheel.
The attendant's response, "we are all tired.
"  Seriously?!?
This is your job, these are the hours you are at work.
Being up at 3 a.m. is not normal for us!
We were under the impression that it was ok to leave him there and come back in the morning.
Guess not since we got a phone call around 4:45 a.m. and another at around 6.
It was the new shift and they were extremely rude!
They said we can't start anymore treatment without payment, yep understood that when we left.
They also said if we didn't come get our dog by 7 a.m. he would be considered abandoned and they would have to call it in.
WHAT KIND OF SHIT IS THAT!!???!!!
Don't you people communicate with each other?
The doctor gave us "permission" to go home and come back in the morning to figure out exactly what further treatment we wanted to do.
Instead my husband, after getting barely 2 hours of sleep went back and picked him up.
We had an epic food competition planned today with 4 judges and 25 people in attendance but canceled it because my husband is so tired from lack of sleep.
If he could have slept, uninterrupted, for just 5 hours we could have pulled it off, but this place called us within an hour and a half of us getting home demanding more money or for us to come get him.
The worst customer service I have experienced in a long time.
We will be taking him I our regular vet on Monday.
I hope to never have to use this place again but unfortunately they are the only one close to me that I know about.
We were treated like we were low class, couldn't pay and that we might abandon our dog, not like the people we are.
We collectively own 3 businesses between us, give back to the community and treat people with respect!
This place needs a lesson in that.
Oh and one other thing, they charged us another $150 when my husband picked him up saying it was to cover the cost of another IV bag.
Wouldn't that have been covered on our first payment when the paperwork stated "fluids"?
Totally hosed us because they can..

This place is terrible.
Came here at 1130 and it's now 3am and haven't even seen the doc.
There were 3 people in the waiting room when I arrived w my pug who needed sutures.
They didn't properly triage her.
They did vitals 3 hours after we got there.
Don't you think they are necessary to see the condition of the dog?
I heard them laughing the whole time behind the closed door.
Were they even working?
They never once checked in to update me on wait time.
Never came in to do nursing care and clean the wound.
This place sucks.
Don't go here if u have an emergency ur pet will probably suffer.

