Went here for the first but not last time Friday night.
The waiter and owner seemed nice and the food was pretty good.
I had a Chunky Chicken Salad Sandwich and my wife had Pasta with Alfredo Sauce (we were both happy).
My brother had Grilled Chicken Club (great) and my son had an Egg and Cheese Sandwich (also delicious).
The prices were good as well, if you are in Florence...
Try it!

Great place for good gyros!!
Very friendly service.
2 for one Blue Moon, all Day Every Day!

The food was wonderful (I had a tuna melt, which was grilled to perfection, crispy, and loaded), and the waiting staff was friendly and helpful.
Would definitely go back.

Great service and the food was great too!

The service was so friendly, and the food was great.
Florence is not where I expected such a great place to be located.

My husband and I went here recently for dinner on a Saturday - we had heard from friends it was the best Greek on the east end of the valley.
We both ordered the Greek plate dinner with lamb/beef gyro meat - rice, salad and pita.
It was nothing short of superb - the meat unlike any other usual Greek fare - tender and real meat.
Everything was good and there were generous portions.
Our service was excellent and the atmosphere is good.
It is worth the hour drive from our house in Mesa.

Best place in town for lunch and dinner.

This place has good food and the price is right so definitely check it out.
My only real con about this place is their hours of operation.
I've come to the restaurant several times only to find it closed for some reason or other posted on their door.

After trying Mount Athos for the first time a month ago on a road trip north,  we deliberately timed our next trip so we could have lunch there again.
Still friendly and delicious.
It will be a regular stop for us.
Great food and service.

This place is probably the nicest restaurant in Florence.
It is super clean, well decorated, with a very attentive staff.
The food is just meh.
The prices are also pretty pricey considering the other restaurants in Florence.
They have Italian dishes, Greek dishes, and now Arabic influenced dishes (Falafel sandwiches).
They have a bar (both coffee and alcohol).
If you're in Florence and want something with a little ambiance, go here.
However, be prepared for underwhelming and unimaginative Mediterranean food.

The food is OK, nothing out of the ordinary --except for the gyros ;) however, I am very unhappy with the host, who in the few times that I was in the place and after picking up my order, he asked "Isn't that a lot of food for one girl?
" RUDE!
What a jerk...

Easily the best restaurant in the Town of Florence.
I always get the Gyro plate when I come here.
The Gyros are some of the best in AZ and the Greek Salad is always fresh and delicious.
The staff is always friendly - If getting drinks, try the Ouzo it is strong and definitely a little different.
This place is okay in my book.

I really enjoy the food and atmosphere.
I have always been taken care of here

Always a delight to go there.
Peter is awesome and his staff is great.
Just had lunch there and enjoyed it very much

Had dinner here with friends.
Good food and friendly service.
The spanakopita was some of the best anywhere.

Super good!
If your in the area I would definitely try this place.

I work in Florence so I know the selection around here is slim.
However, this restaurant doesn't skimp on flavor, portions, or service like other local establishments.
Prices are on par with other restaurants like this, although I do wish there were some lunch specials.
Service was fast and friendly which is great when you are trying to have a quick lunch.
I had the Gyro with fries and it was excellent.
Plenty of meat which was very tender and great tasting tziki sauce.
My boss had the chicken caesar which she really liked.
They kept our drinks full and the place is cheerful and clean!
This is now my favorite place in Florence!

a family friend took me here to eat & WOW !
i'm from NYC but moved here & missed having Greek food, so to find a place here in Florence,AZ that makes Greek food as good in NYC is very hard, but this place topped it !!!
Pete, the owner, is gracious, humble & friendly & i gotta say, for an owner who cares about his food as he cares about his customers makes this an excellent place to go eat, period !!!
i'm planning on making a return trip there, it's that good !!
so anyone who is in the area, go there, you will not be disappointed !

I have to give them 5 stars just for the incredible service we received!
Wow, bravo.
And the food was great as well!
Deserts are five star, too.
I highly recommend this restaurant, for sure!
Take your family, they will love you for it!

Had their falafel.
It was the BEST that I have ever had.
Service was great and all were friendly.
A definite keeper.

I love this place.
I can always call ahead and get my food right on time for pick up, and when we dine in, we are seated in seconds.
The people and family who work there are great too.
They're always there with a friendly atmosphere and great conversation, just like family!
And it also helps that their food is amazing!

My girlfriend works in Florence and I had the day off so I went out there and met her for lunch.
She suggested this place.
Said it was one of the best places in Florence.
She was right.
As usual.
Once we arrived we were seated immediately and our server was very nice.
It is a very nice restaurant.
I like the décor.
A little mom and pop-y but nice.
I went to a Greek place so of course I have to order the gyro.
My girlfriend who was going to get a salad decided instead on the spicy gyro.
Our food came out pretty quick.
I ordered the deluxe which comes with fries and a salad.
It was a lot of food but so good.
Even the fries were really good.
The meat was tender and the tziki sauce had a great taste to it.
It all worked together just like it is supposed to.
We both enjoyed our meal very much.
I was surprised that a place like this existed in Florence.
It was good food anywhere else but since it was in Florence it was amazing.
I will definitely be back any chance I get to have another lunch with my girlfriend.
This is a nice hidden gem right in the middle of Florence.

Very clean with super friendly service.
This is a nice family owned restaurant that got their start in Manhattan NY.
Newspaper on the wall says they got tired of the big city rat race and decided to relocate to Florence.
We drive by this place every time we go to the Tucson area and finally decided to stop in for some lunch.
There is not a big selection of restaurants around here so we were a bit skeptical.
Inside is very comfortable and set up like a deluxe dinner or cafe.
They even have a full service bar for those who need to wet your whistle.
The menu here is large and has a little bit of all the standards with a good selection of Greek dishes.
Started off with some Falafel to get things going and then ordered some Gyros to finish things off.
Both Gyros were very good and the meat was very tender and tasty.
The Spicy Gyro was my favorite and came with Frank's Hot Sauce, Grilled Onions, Peppers, and melted Mozzarella.
Definitely a great option when you are hungry and trying to avoid the local fast food chains.
The best part may have been the unlimited non stop coffee that the wife could not stop talking about.
She was driving and needed a good wake up call.
Nice job guys.
See ya next time.
OPA!
4 STARS

The staff were very knowledgeable of the menu and helpful with suggestions for us first timers.
They brought out a sample of their gyro meat which was very flavorful.
We would definitely go back again next time we are in Florence.

I give them a 5 for service and attentiveness but the food was just ok. My grandma didn't like the meat loaf and my grandma didn't like her salad.
My turkey sandwich was OK but dry.
Not a big fan.
Great service tho

Known as the best or perhaps just least-worst of dineries in teeny tiny Florence.
My friend liked their food just fine.
my salmon filet was absolutely the WORST salmon I have ever been served, and overall about as bad a restaurant meal as I've ever eaten.
Tough, cold, tasteless.
OK OK I should have sent it back... maybe ask if the chef/cook could handle skippy on wonder bread ?

This was the BEST Greek food.
and the Service on spot on!
The salads so fresh, the Calamari great!!!
It was a full house at lunch, and our server got us all fed in great order.
I will return !
Karol Gold Canyon, AZ

Went back after a few years and found it was actually better this time around the Gyro was delicious and the children portions were quite large for the price we were five people, our bill came to 50 bucks not bad

Last meal in AZ before going back to Boston and it was delicious!!
Had the Gyros and fries and galacticbootycall outside on there huge patio...  Great spot!

Not a big fan.
Granted, there isn't much competition in Florence, but this place really failed to offer much worthy of going out to eat.
Do check out the Greek Monastery nearby Florence though - very, very cool.

What a shock...Stopped here on the way back from Tucson based on YELP reviews.
Little place off the main drag.
People were friendly and welcoming.
Food was great-Friend and I got the spicy greek gyro- gyro meat with Frank's Hot sauce- Delicious!!
My wife got a Greek Salad and loved it and friend's wife got a gyro and loved it as well.
Again, pleasantly surprised to find delicious, authentic Greek food across from the prison.
Worth a stop!
I will definitely stop again next time I am headed to or from Tucson.

