Twice I've been to their pharmacy trying to get fairly common prescriptions filled (antibiotic for sinus infection and an anti-fungal cream) and twice I've arrived to pick up my 'script only to be told that they don't have the item in stock.
One time they kept me waiting for 45 minutes with a sick child before they told me they didn't have what I need.
Customer service was terrible and the pharmacy staff could have cared less.
I won't be going back.

I use this Walgreens as my regular Pharmacy and thankfully, haven't had the experience like the first reviewer had.
I also come here for pretty much anything: snack food, beauty supplies, tissue paper, and to print out my photos, which is now rare, thanks to Facebook.
This location is open 24 hours and has a drive-thru pharmacy.
It also has Redbox which is a plus.
Staff has been pretty friendly to me and check out is always fast.
I have been checked out at the front, by the photo stand, and even at the pharmacy when the line in the front is long and never had problems doing so.

Unfortunately this location is close to my house and the worst location for a pharmacy.
The wait time is too long for dropping off.
They hardly ever have what I need.
I haven't been back in 8 years.
I will gladly drive out of my way to 70 th and Shea to get my scripts which are always prompt at that location.

I've experianced multiple difficulty's with this Pharmacy, from being rude to outright lies, that were backed up by the "traveling manager" (no longer with the company) and the store manager.
After having spoken to a District Manager on more than one occasion, nothing has changed.
We have moved all but one of our prescriptions to a new pharmacy with a whole lot less attitude.
We only go there for the one prescription, as soon as we can, that will be moved as well so we'll no longer have to deal with this location or Walgreen's.

Wonder how many hours of my life I have wasted waiting for shitty customer service from Walgreens pharmacists?
Weird.
Why do I keep returning?
Don't know.
Will go anywhere else but here from now on

