Now I normally ever go to subway, so I gave them another chance today.
Tried the flat bread with teriyaki chicken and provolone warmed up.
Veggies where so-so and the dressings a little too sweet for my taste.
I guess I'll stick to my mom&pop gourmet sandwiches that I love.
Sorry team

i used to not be a very big fan of Subway in-general, but ever since the $2 cold cut combo and meatballs subs in December i have come to love their subs, but the thing is, i have been to several other subway restaurants in phoenix/Scottsdale and the experiences were sorta bad (and I'll get to them in their own review), but of the 10 times i have been to this particular location i have had no issues other than it being 4 miles away from my house  Pros: Fast, Friendly service, open 24/7, fresh ingredients, food tastes great  Cons: other than the location inconvenience, none whatsoever  Conclusion: If you like great tasting subs for a great price i would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone, and also if you have a bad experience at another location don't blame them all, because their are good locations such as this one!

I always go to this subway.
Not only because it is open 24/7 now but i love the service.
The workers are so friendly and fast :)

Heather, one of the associates here is the main reason I come to this location.
There are others closer to my house, but I really love the service I get here!
She is always in a good mood and makes an effort to conversate with you.
She is definitely going to (if she hasn't already) make this place a LOT of money!!

Chris and Josh were really fun!
No monotone action, they treated us like we were the only customers in the entire store!
This is by far the best customer service I have ever had in a restaurant!
Thank you!

This particular subway is a little strange.
It seems the owners are usually there helping customers which is good,  but the more veggies you add to your sandwich the more aggravated they get!
"How much stuff are you going to put on a $5 sandwich?
" Is the comment I got.
Nothing else, obviously,  and you can keep the sandwich thank you.

