Alright...
I have lived here for almost a year.
Let me quietly reflect on my time here with some insight to anyone who want to live here: The place is brand new and lets face it, the term luxury apartment certainly applies here.
My back yard is Tempe Town Lake.
There is a roof top lounge, and NIIICE gym that is here for you to use.
Your cable, internet and water are included in the hefty price you pay for this luxury.
They make it pretty convenient.
Less than a mile and a $7.00 cab ride from Mill Ave, South Scottsdale, Tempe market place, the Light rail is a little closer than that.
Spitting distance to the stadium here in Tempe.
Location, location, location ...right?
If you are a 20 something year old ASU rich kid who drives a $60,000 sports car perhaps.
I however am a 30 something professional who is frankly sick of hearing that state of the art sound system that bumps the obnoxious gangsta rap of silver spoon rebellion at 3:30Am on a Tuesday.
I am Also sick of the fire alarm at 5 am goes off both when the same rich kid is drunk and decides this place is just an extension of the dorm room he never had, or when the "state of the art fire system malfunctions" next to your head ( 5 times so far) for no reason and without explanation from the management.
I also am not thrilled with the girl who has "Daddy's Little Girl" on her license plate clips my car because she's texting on her Paris Hilton sidekick ( no it's not just one)....and  I swear that soon they will make an O.C.
type show out of this place.
I digress and stop the hate.
Unless you are affluent enough (or don't pay the rent yourself) to pay DOUBLE what you should for an apartment with a stunning view and not blink about it.
I would find some where else to live.
The facilities are all shiny on the outside and the sales reps will make this place out to be nirvana in the 480...But when it really boils down to it...
The marble top kitchen counters and contemporary living will never help you reach a path to enlightenment...happiness... or a good night sleep.
I have all and all enjoyed living here but I will not be renewing my lease and I am sure going to tell any one that asks about it the perils of living at this gold plated oasis on the Salt River.

After 8 months living here, I'm somewhat frustrated, and "Sleepless in Tempe".
We are in one of the two bedroom suites (less that 900 sq ft).
The "between floor" sound isolation is almost non existent.
The lightest footsteps transmit through the floor, making your neighbors above sound as though they are body slamming small animals.
if you're unlucky enough to get people in the suite above who are not so light on their feet, its much more than distracting, its annoying!
This of course may not be a problem if you opt for one of the (more expensive) lofts: no one above you, higher ceilings (meaning more costly AC bills in the summer).
Location: 5 stars: you have the Lake, walking, and biking paths that can take you through to Indian Bend Wash in Scottsdale.
Close to Major Freeways.
Being close to ASU can have its drawbacks, especially during special and sporting events: Traffic tieups if you need to drive.
Positive aspects: you're a 15 minute walk to downtown Tempe, 10 minute walk to Light Rail, 5 minutes or less to major Bus routes, and about 15 minutes to Sky Harbor Airport (Grigio is directly in the flightpath, btw!
)....And, you have Tempe Town Lake almost outside your door!
(Did I mention that already?
)  Amenities: more than your usual apartment complex...however if you don't use them...they're not amenities, and have little to no value to you.
Will you really use them?
The "fitness center" : several times we've found that some of the equipment was inoperative.
Maintenence Staff is one of the best: Friendly, and they "get 'er done".
Member Staff: Not Very responsive!
Overall: Premium priced, Good Security, Lousy construction quality of the units themselves.
If you can afford it, go for a loft: less noise!
And there is plenty of it, especially in Building One!
Watch out for fast moving Beemers on the "Grigio freeway".
Almost got knocked into the next world on my first day there!
Our "leasing specialist" was purposely vague and evasive when we bluntly asked about "between floor" noise isolation.
We've lived in apartments previously,however we expected much less noise and disturbance, for the premium price being paid.
Construction quality is imho, very poor.
Btw: Cable (Directv) and Basic internet(wired/wireless) service ARE included: water, sewer, garbage, and electricity( APS) is NOT, nor is Tempe rental tax, so be sure to factor all that in your final cost.
Cell Reception: Poor inside the complex itself.
You see residents on their lanai's all the time making calls on their cells...seems to be weak for three carriers I've tried.
To Sum up: with this and the other reviews, you should get a clearer picture of what its like to live here.
Don't be fooled by their weak attempt to portray a Multi Unit Dwelling as a "resort": Its simply an overpriced, poorly constructed, undermanaged, well located apartment complex.
Save your money, and look elsewhere, even if you're mentally under 30...    Disclosure: We are "busy working professionals", and not students: either ultra rich or spoiled!

There are quite a few wordy reviews here for the Grig, and I think that it's important for someone who went into this lease with no delusions to weigh in on this magnificent marvel of marketing and excess.
First, the stereotypes:  It is a really young complex: YES People party at the pool on weeknights: YES It is really expensive: YES Everyone is a rich brat: NOT NECESSARILY Neighbors are loud and inconsiderate: NO The complex is really social: SOMETIMES Everything is really nice: YES Close enough to walk to the bars: ONLY IF YOU HAVE NO GIRLS  Boiled down, if you can afford the Grigio, and are mentally under the age of 30, the Grigio is amazing.
The gym is huge, the lake path is right there, the rooftop deck is inspiring, the vast number of pool view apartments is staggering, and the garage parking is something I truly, truly miss now that I've moved out.
They just upgraded the cable to digital DVR boxes and super-fast internet, and the people in the office are great - if UPS delivers your package to the office, they will call you and offer to drop it in your apartment!
Amazing.
Bottom line, if you have the money and don't mind hearing Lady Gaga occasionally at 11:00pm from the pool - move in today!

Keeping it short, I won't be renewing my lease.

A swanky looking place with rooms that overlook the lake, this place is kind of random.
Sometimes there will be hilarious signs asking people to take out their garbage and their hallways always have a distinct smell of one food or another.
Otherwise, the rooms are gorgeous albeit a bit tiny.

Moved in 6 months ago..
I like it.
Moving from Cali over to AZ, I needed to be by a big body of water... something that this place had.
My coworker recommended me here, I checked it out, and signed a lease.
I mainly did it because of the indoor garage, nice pools, convenient walks, doggy parks, the lake, being close to the freeway, and the overall young-person feel to it.
The pool should be heated, though..
I'm sad it isn't (only the jacuzzi is).
Otherwise, it's pretty quiet where I am (unlike what most people have said).
Parking's pretty easy to get, too, whether it be inside or outside.
The entire place is like a racetrack though.. no one really cares about the possibility of a car accident around the corner.
Before you get detracted by the high price, factor in whether or not you'll use the gym, pool, lake, lounges, etc...
I used them so I like it.
Would I get another apartment there?
Yeahh, probably.

I love living here!
We're almost a year in, and I am so sad that Grigio Tempe Town Lake has such mediocre reviews!
Everything about our living experience so far has been amazing; plus our apartment is gorgeous!
I'm always excited to go home to our lovely abode!
Grigio Tempe Town Lake definitely capitalizes on being a luxury apartment.
They have generous outside parking, a double-gated parking garage, THREE pools and hot tubs, a sweet rooftop area you can hang out at and chill and watch sunsets, and an amazing gym (Hey - I even canceled my gym membership because it is seriously that nice.
) Plus, I feel REALLY safe here - parking spots are easy to find and it's bright and well lit.
There was also a news story about how Gray Development does crazy background checks on all new rental applicants!
The rent does seem a little more expensive at first, but when you factor in FREE cable (high-def if it's built into your TV!
), Direct TV, DVR, high speed internet, an amazing 24-hour gym, pool, and hot tub (no gym membership needed here), a sexy rooftop hang out area, a technology room with printing, the community center, the high-end units, and the amazing customer service, it is really worth the cost.
My favorite part is that every inch of space in the apartments is completely usable.
They are dynamic layouts that let you really play with the design of your home.
Plus the bathrooms, closets and storage are laid out so well.
I also love that the location is less than a block away from Starbucks, YogurtLand, and In and Out!
We also lived in apartments in the Old Town Scottsdale area in the last few years, and I can say with confidence that Grigio Tempe Town Lake is head and shoulders above the quality you get anywhere else in the S. Scottsdale/North Tempe area.
Honestly, if you are looking for a new apartment you have got to check out Grigio - you will fall in love too!

I've lived here for almost a year and a half now, and overall it's been a good experience.
I have a 1 bed 1 bath with a loft that functions as a second bedroom.
There is a fair amount of space in the apartment, though it's woefully short on storage and the kitchen is tiny.
The high loft ceilings are great and it's a statement when someone walks in for the first time, which is nice.
HD DirecTV with DVR and high speed internet is included in rent which makes the higher prices easier to deal with.
The staff is helpful and easy to work with, and I really like the double gated garage.
In addition, there are three pools, a huge gym and an awesome rooftop terrace that you can rent out for parties.
If you ever tour here, they'll sell you on the perks without a doubt.
Soooo, everything seems pretty good right?
Shocked that this is only a 3 star write up?
Well, the big downside is the noise and student population.
I was a loud, annoying student once, and now I feel bad for anyone that lived within 500 feet of me during those, um, formative years...For a while, we were dealing with a dance club next door that would shake our place pretty badly.
I don't blame people for wanting to party, but feeling like I lived at Smashboxx wasn't the best time I've ever had.
To the credit of the staff and the courtesy patrol, it got better over time (hopefully we weren't the only ones complaining because that would make me feel like a crotchety old man), and now someone new lives next door and it's better.
At some point I'll enjoy moving to a place with more space, but for now the Grigio is getting the job done.

My son has lived here for nearly a year in a studio.
It is more like a one bedroom without a door, very roomy with a full kitchen and indoor parking.
The rent includes full cable and wifi.
The buildings and garage are fairly well maintained - they need to empty the garage trash more often, but everything is gated and you feel safe there.
They have units a tenant can rent for visitors and last week my oldest son and I rented a 2 bedroom with loft for 4 nights  It was great to have our own bedroom and bathroom.
However, there are NO amenities.
No soap for the dishwasher or to hand wash the dishes, no TV, no Internet, no coffee maker or kettle, only 1 bath towel, 1 wash cloth and 1 hand towel in each bathroom.
There was a nice balcony but no chair.
There was a fireplace that worked so we watched that while we shared the 2 person couch.
Remember, this is mom and adult son.
The cost was only $75 per night which made it tolerable.
The design is modern minimalist to say the least.
It was clean and the beds surprisingly comfortable.
The closets were HUGE but there were NO hangers.
There was a washer and dryer but we didn't use them, no detergent.
There is a Starbucks, Jersey Mikes, Yogurtland and a few others right  in the parking lot, and our son lives in a unit nearby, so we spent little time in the unit other than to sleep  I would stay here again as the price was excellent.
I would just know what to bring next time.
Still waiting to hear that they returned my security deposit.
They were supposed to call me lase Wed to let me know, but no call so far.

My son has lived here for nearly a year in a studio.
It is more like a one bedroom without a door, very roomy with a full kitchen and indoor parking.
The rent includes full cable and wifi.
The buildings and garage are fairly well maintained - they need to empty the garage trash more often, but everything is gated and you feel safe there.
They have units a tenant can rent for visitors and last week my oldest son and I rented a 2 bedroom with loft for 4 nights  It was great to have our own bedroom and bathroom.
However, there are NO amenities.
No soap for the dishwasher or to hand wash the dishes, no TV, no Internet, no coffee maker or kettle, only 1 bath towel, 1 wash cloth and 1 hand towel in each bathroom.
There was a nice balcony but no chair.
There was a fireplace that worked so we watched that while we shared the 2 person couch.
Remember, this is mom and adult son.
The cost was only $75 per night which made it tolerable.
The design is modern minimalist to say the least.
It was clean and the beds surprisingly comfortable.
The closets were HUGE but there were NO hangers.
There was a washer and dryer but we didn't use them, no detergent.
There is a Starbucks, Jersey Mikes, Yogurtland and a few others right  in the parking lot, and our son lives in a unit nearby, so we spent little time in the unit other than to sleep  I would stay here again as the price was excellent.
I would just know what to bring next time.

I'm giving 4 stars just because I've only lived here 2 weeks, but if the service continues I would give it 5.
I looked around A LOT for a an apartment.
Read every review there is for mesa and Tempe and was horrified by most of them.
I ran into some luck and found someone who wanted to do a lease take over for this place (which is not a standard procedure but they were very nice about doing it for us).
Not exactly in the price range I was looking at, but you get what you pay for.
Oh how I love Grigio!
Pros:  1.
The walls seem very thick, I barely hear my neighbors- I think twice so far for like 1 minute tops.
I put in a maintenance request and they were here in 1 hour.
The office has great customer service skills so far.
through the lease signing, paying rent, and putting in the maintenance request.
The location is amazing!
5. the Gym is great, clean and everything seems to work.
The gates all function and there is an indoor parking garage.
Possible con:  1.
There does seem to be an exceptionally large amount of college aged, princesses and jocks living here who have anger management issues.
Not threatening or anything of course.
You can just tell that they need to grow up a little bit because they freak out over nothing and the girls are exceptionally bitchy to their boy friends.
But it's Tempe, so I would guess that predominates every where.
-The plus is that my wall as thick and I only run into them in the common areas, hear them in the hall way on rare occasions-usually a weekend night as they are leaving or observing them on my balcony, which seem under utilized anyway.
So it's rare and not really a problem for me thus far.
- If it is a problem there is very active security that you can call at any time-which I haven't felt the need to yet- and you see them frequently on the premises.
-I've actually found it to be entertaining like a reality TV show and not really a problem.
Good for some people watching and a chuckle.
-I have seen a fair number of responsible adults here too.
So have no fear.
I did see one cockroach who waltzed right into my apartment (did not seem to be living in my apartment).
My cat caught him and showed him who is boss and I haven't seen any more thus far.
There are a rare few residents  who seem to think that the trash cans in the door ways are for their trash or they are too lazy to get to the garbage shoot 200 feet away or less.
They told me there would be a fee for doing that when I signed the lease, but my guess is it's hard to catch someone in the act.
It seems if you keep your place clean  and leave the balcony door shut though you won't have any problem, or at least I haven't so far except for the one who greeted me at my door and let himself in.
I have not seen any occupying my kitchen in the night or anything of that sort.
After all the reviews I read, that's seems mild.
Worth every penny so far.
I hope they continue to live up to my expectations.

In one line, I don't recommend Grigio Tempe Town Lake to you.
I recommend that you look just about anywhere else in Tempe.
Don't even waste a second considering this place as your next residence.
Read along for the details.
Let's begin the negatives with a list of the slightly less than criminal offenses:  1.
The office staff is incompetent and disingenuous.
If you need help with anything more than retrieving a package, they will resort to ignoring and lying to get you out of their hair.
They don't want to help.
They just want you to go away.
If you lived here, you would have a lot of trashy neighbors.
The first month we moved in, the people at the end of the hall were evicted.
We noticed that their door was destroyed and repaired on multiple occasions (like someone tried to break it down with a sledgehammer) and they had daily violent F-word shouting fights.
Several other neighbors left rotten garbage outside their doors for a few days at a time, then mustered the immense strength necessary to drag it into the parking garage (not the trash chute that was equally close).
In fact, there were always people leaving garbage around and getting evicted throughout this complex.
There were also tons of people partying loudly every night of the week.
As others have noted, the people driving around the property are all texting with no hands on the wheel and at around 80.
Be aware of the caliber of tenants that infest this property.
Don't bother calling the on-site security about the above.
They are worthless and will just deny that you called or claim that "we checked, but didn't see/hear anything.
" Call the real police if you have a problem.
I won't go without mentioning a couple of the good things.
First and foremost, the location is great for people affiliated with ASU or Tempe/Mill.
Both are a 30 minute walk away.
Second, the maintenance staff was very good.
They are friendly, good at what they do, and respond quickly to requests.
Now it's time for the big, bad one.
The management at Grigio Tempe Town Lake doesn't care about the condition of the property nor the health and safety of residents.
This is true of all three management teams that were in place while I lived there (three different managements in a short timeframe should also be a red flag to you).
A few months after we moved in, some people moved in a couple floors above.
They threw loud late night parties about four nights a week.
Worst of all, every single night they trashed our patio.
The patio was completely covered with spit stains, cigarettes, ashes, food, and other garbage that was thrown down every single day.
I started reporting this to the office within the first few days and the management never did anything to solve the problem.
This went on for over two months with no action whatsoever by the management.
Worse yet, I wasn't the only neighbor complaining about these misdeeds.
In spite of all the calls, emails, visits to the office, and over a hundred photos documenting the damage caused by the bad neighbors, the management ignored us and outright denied there was any problem.
After a few weeks, I wrote the corporate offices and filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau (BBB).
Apparently, these actions were enough to get the management to acknowledge us for the first time after over six weeks.
Yet, they still denied the problem and tried to pass it off as nothing.
No reasonable person can think that it is normal for one tenant to throw spit, cigarettes, and garbage all over another's property on a daily basis.
Even more insane is that the management went to such great lengths to protect the people who were doing this, rather than just getting rid of them and restoring peace to the good tenants and the community.
I think this story speaks volumes of the caliber of management that infests this property.
Grigio lost several lease renewals over this incident alone.
Furthermore, I predict that this place will be a complete slum within a year.
Any decent human being who lives there will be driven out by the horrible tenants and management.
The bad ones who stay won't pay their rent and will trash the property more and more.
The management at Grigio Tempe Town Lake just plain doesn't care about you, the property, or the community.
They want you to suffer and live in an unsafe, unhealthy home as long as they get your money.
If you have even the slightest amount of human decency, you would not enjoy living at Grigio Tempe Town Lake.
I have elaborated quite a bit, but feel free to send me a message if you have any questions.
Be sure to look at the other reviews on this place and you'll see plenty more of the same.
Also, look at the filtered reviews and check out Grigio's horrible BBB rating.

Well 2 months in and I'm knocking down the stars.
This place would be amazing if the rent was less, but for the price they could do a better job.
Also, for the 4th the management seemed to have lied about the sun deck being "reserved"-which it was not- and then 10 minutes before the fire works they sent the police up who told everyone to get out because management reserved it for them selves.
Shitty largely because it was too late to move, no signage or anything was posted and secondly, we pay excessive rent to use the amazing common spaces provided.
If residents get kicked out like that, it's not worth the price you pay for the tiny apartments.
It's all about the amenities here, and they are sanctioned apparently.
My take now, get your self a nice big condo for the price of the tiny apartments here and rent from a private owner who will treat you better.
That's my plan come the end of my lease.

There are clearly a lot of mixed to negative reviews of Grigio Tempe Town Lake.
While I agree with some of the various factors that cause the lower rating, I feel overall for me that this is a great place to live.
Staff - I moved in November of 2011 and since then I have dealt with 2 different management companies.
The current staff seemed distant at first but then again they were thrust into the job without any notice at all.
Since then, they've been helpful and friendly without having any issues.
As another reviewer mentioned there does seem to be some shady behavior over the availability of the Sky Lounge on the 4th of July.
I've heard from several other residents that it was management involved in this "drama".
If off base, I'd love to hear from management about this.
It was not reserved so there should have been no issue for residents and guests to go up to view the fireworks on Mill.
It certainly appeared that the cop had no business being there since after he was questioned as to why residents were not allowed he left, rather grumpily.
The Sky Lounge is an amenity to the Grigio lifestyle (the high rent allows me to consider it one).
The rent is higher than you can find at other apartments in the Tempe area, however high speed internet and DirecTV with HBO is included in the rent so to me that justifies some of the higher cost.
Other amenities included are affordable housekeeping services and convenient dry cleaning drop off/pickup.
Security does seem to be doing their job right now as I have not been disturbed too much at 3am when drunk kids are heading home from a night out.
I haven't seen much of them so I'm not sure what their presence is.
Grigio is located in a great spot for those of us that happen to work/play on Mill Ave.
It is also a reasonable cab fare from the bars and clubs in Old Town.
Having  lived in Gilbert prior this is a VERY big plus for me.
As you can see I'm trying to sandwich the negative aspects of Grigio in between the good ones.
The parking garage can be rather treacherous as there are some of the residents who love to drive in the dark garage without headlights and at unreasonable speeds.
Oh and by the way, you do realize that it's a two way garage so you're going to have to move your damn car to the right or you're going to hit me!!
The repair of the speed bumps has improved things slightly as the cars are going somewhat slower now.
From all of the complaints I've read about the neighbors, I have to consider myself extremely fortunate.
My immediate neighbors are quiet and friendly so I've never had to worry about extremely loud parties going on all hours.
Sure it can get loud some nights but I've only really ever noticed it Thursday-Saturday nights and I'm usually a late night dweller on two of those nights so it's a moot point.
Being a single guy I opted for the studio apartment.
No normally when I think of studio I think of a boring box of a place.
With mine it does not have the traditional straight lines but a lot of angles that give the impression of a much larger space and it creates separation from the different areas(living room, office area, kitchen and bedroom).
I love it!
I've had a couple of maintenance issues where I've had to open work orders.
The work has always been done in a timely manner and I've never had to have work redone.
To give you an idea of the type of work orders: running toilet, bath tub had to be refinished, shower head replaced, AC broke down (repaired within 2 hours).
10.
Last but not least I have to mention the gym.
It has several treadmills, elliptical machines and stationary bikes for cardio on one level.
On the lower level you have dumbbells, weight machines, cable machines.
One of the other perks is the opportunity to pay for personal training services from a fitness company called Epic Fitness.
If paying for training is not your thing, you can do a boocamp every couple of weeks for free since you're a resident.
Overall, there are some negative things but you've got to understand what you're getting.
Convenient location to ASU, Mill Ave, Old Town and the light rail.
With the convenient location, it creates an optimal place for the younger crowd who will typically have a more active lifestyle of going out and staying up late.

Nice apartment complex....safe....clean... maintenance is amazing Preston Hogan is the go to guy for my apartment he can fix anything!

Out of all the apartment complexes I have lived in, Grigio's maintenance team is the best!!
I can always count on my trusty and routine 'Go To' maintenance man Preston Hogan to come in and take care of any issues in a timely manner.
When allowing someone into my home, while I am not present, to repair the washer or replace a light bulb is a risky thing to do, but not with Preseton!
He comes in does his job and is leaves just a note saying the task was complete.
Preston Hogan's where it's at!!!
I'll sure miss him when I move!

I am actually quite happy with Grigio in Tempe Town Lake!
My apartment is awesome.
The view it couldn't be better as it is facing the lake.
It is a peaceful place with an amazing and energetic environment.
The manager and the staff - including the sell people- are humans !!
Which means that they understand any issue and are able to help.
I have read many pejorative comments but since I moved here - 6 months ago- I haven't had any issue.
Thanks to Mackenzie and Trevor for your prompt work.
You guys are solving problems.
In sum: you pay what you get and If you have an issue ask and it will be solved-

Disgusting facilities, mis-leading management, and bait and switch sales tactics.
Don't waste your money renting these over-priced units  And there are roaches everywhere

I've lived here for 6 years now, and I'll be signing my 7th lease this summer.
I can't tell you how much I enjoy living here.
It's the perfect location, the buildings are well maintained, and the management goes way above and beyond!
It doesn't get any better than this...

Grigio Tempe Town Lake is by far the greatest place I have ever lived.
Take it from someone who has lived in 4 different apartments in Tempe, this is a fantastic place and I never want to move out.
First off, location is nearly perfect.
It's close to everything; ASU campus, 202 freeway, shopping, nightlife, etc.
It's totally quiet in my building, you can hear a pin drop.
Even on a Friday night, it is completely silent and peaceful.
As a bonus it smells fabulous and is really clean.
Also, I've had no issues with any critters.
Amenities are wonderful.
I love that they have free yoga, spin, and P90x classes.
They also have socials with free food every Monday (Free sushi?
Yes!).
There's a two-level gym, three pools, a rooftop lounge, conference room, and business center with free printing.
Also they have a lot of DVDs which they let you rent for free.
Now as for the unit - I love love love my apartment.
I have a lake view and it's so nice to sit by the fireplace overlooking the lake and just relaxing.
I'm a chef so I need a gas stove, which they have.
Appliances are good quality, and the carpet, tile and other materials are great.
It's a great place for entertaining and all the guests are impressed by the apartment.
Overall a great build and well thought out architecture.
My favorite aspect of this place is the management - few apartments can manage to keep an organized system.
Grigio management is efficient and organized; if I put in a work order, it almost always gets done in 1-2 days.
My toilet overflowed and someone was in there the same day fixing it and steaming/vacuuming my carpet.
The staff is patient, friendly, and attentive.
I wasn't in Arizona when I was choosing an apartment thus I could only sign a lease over the phone/fax.
Roger corresponded with me over the phone and he made recommendations and answered every single question I had.
He took dozens of pictures for me, and was patient with my crazy requests ("can I see a picture of the kitchen tile, please?").
He always got back to me when he said he would.
I would have pulled my hair out if I was my own customer, but he was so patient and I could tell he was smiling on the other end!
He's a wonderful staff member, as they all are.
Grigio Tempe Town Lake rocks!

I absolutely love living at the Grigio Tempe Town Lake.
Roger at the front office helped me find my first apartment and is always a great resource to go to.
Whenever I've had a problem, the maintenance staff comes the next day and fixes it as quickly as possible.
As for noise - honestly I don't know what these reviews are talking about.
I think out of the seven months I've lived there I've heard two parties and that's pretty good considering its closeness to ASU.
No other apartment complex can compare to here.
The apartments are absolutely beautiful and provide top notch amenities.
Will definitely be re-signing my lease!

WARNING: Do not sign for a room without actually seeing the exact unit!
I was told I couldn't see the room due to ppl still in it but would be shown one similar.
I asked if the one I would be getting would have the exact carpet, appliances, etc.
I was assured it would, also a patio w/pool view.
Why would I question this?
2 weeks later I sign and get my keys.
What do i find?
?...crap carpet, no patio, absolute lies.
Only thing that was true was the pool view.
When I brought this all up, I could tell the staff had dealt with this before, they were very versed.
Was told I would get a call from a manager...still waiting on that call.
2 months later.
Careful here, they will straight up lie to you.

I've lived at the Grigio apartments for 2 years now.
I just wanted to give the maintenance staff a big appreciation and especially Preston.
When ever we have a problem he is always at our apartment in a matter of hours.
An example is when our air went out.
He came to our apartment at 10:30 at night and set up an air conditioner to keep us comfortable and fixed the problem first thing in the morning.
He has done countless things from fixing our dryers button to helping us with our breaker.
He knows the place so well he could run it himself.

I've lived in the complex for 4 years and dealt with numerous maintenance employees but the maintenance worker named Preston is always prompt, professional, and extremely helpful.

Don't bother with this place.
Management is rude and doesn't understand that although they may have thousands of residents, each one matters.
They had a paying future customer and lost one because they couldn't pick up the phone and provide basic customer service.
Do not bother with this place and its joke of a management team.
Their operation is terribly disorganized and doesn't care about the value of each of its residents.

Nicest Staff around!

Here's my honest review.
PROS: -Great location; middle of greater Phoenix area; close to ASU; freeway extremely close -3 pool/hot tub areas -Gym; free fitness classes offered monthly -Parking garage -Indoor corridors -Granite countertops -Water, satellite, & internet bundled in -Maintenance staff is pretty prompt and helpful  CONS: -Abominable, unintelligent staff/management -Drunk party people belting 'til the wee hours of the morning -GOD AWFUL INTERNET SERVICE.
I'm certain Pavlov Media is the antichrist.
-Awkward floor plans that make furniture placement near-impossible -NOOOO storage space in kitchen; non-functional kitchens -If you have an issue in any way, expect to have no help (aside from maintenance)   Do not take these list of cons lightly.
I'm serious.
At the price of rent, we shouldn't have to deal with such silly issues.
i've lived in two different floor plans here over about a year and a half.

Readjusting this review to accurately reflect the incompetence of the management staff here.
I want to preface with some credibility.
I rented here for 18 months, and utilized all the advertised amenities (the ones that are actually available, not just the advertised ones).
Bottom line is don't rent here unless you want to pay for over-priced units, dirty common areas (literally uncleaned barf in the hallways), jacuzzis that don't work, and bbq's that are broken.
The staff will nickel and dime and not address any of your needs.
Read the other reviews to confirm and go rent elsewhere for a better time.
It's your money, don't waste it here.

While there are some shortcomings with Grigio Tempe Town Lake (broken jacuzzis, incompetent business center utilities, high rent) I have been very pleased with my residence.
The managing staff is courteous, friendly and always willing to assist with any issues that arise.
They provide free coffee and refreshments each morning, which may seem insignificant but really goes a long way in keeping residents happy.
The maintenance staff is prompt, usually providing service within 24 hours.
The location is perfect, the rooftop lounge and pool area are fantastic.
Honestly, the Grigio is far from flawless but I will never understand the overly pejorative reviews that have been posted.
Overall I'm very happy living here and would highly recommend

I've been living here for almost 3 years and I love it.
Great location close to school where I can bike or longboard.
People are friendly and I found easy to meet with some great people.
The management are super friendly and they'll help you with whatever you need.
CONS: THE INTERNET SUCKS.
I'm on the lakeside so to be honest sometimes I get good internet, but mostly not.
And if go to my friends's apt which is on  Grigio too the internet is even worse.

My son lived there for less than a year.
Before he signed a lease, we visited the models several times.
Each time  there were different prices for the rent.
And the credit towards rent was so confusing.
After my son moved in, he realized there was nooooo space in the kitchen.
Walls were thin, and overall, not a desirable apartment complex.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Management is lacking.

