I do like Samurai Sam's, but it depends on the time of day that you go.
For the most part it is good, and worth trying if you've not tried it before.
If you go during a "slow time" you'll notice your food isn't that fresh - meat has been sitting for a bit, etc.
If you can manage to go at times when there is a faster turn around for food - lunch time, etc, you'll enjoy it quite a bit more.
I love the Steak Yaki Soba bowls.
They are great.

Super nice staff every time!
Food is awesome every time!

Good enough for fast asian style food.
Clean place with friendly staff.
what the heck it is what it is and it is not horrible by any means.
Fast, convenient, good price, and decent.

We get lunch here every week at work.
It is pretty good.
I had it before at another location and did not care for it at all.
I really like it here.
I usually get a yakisoba bowl with white chicken extra spicy.
It is super tasty.
They are always nice when I call and place a large order.
I just wish they didn't charge for extra sauce or extra spicy!
But overall a good place.

One of our favorite teriyaki places and we drive from Goodyear just to eat here.
Wish there was a Samurai Sam's closer to us.

This is a great healthy alternative to burgers or anything deep fried in this area.
Never too busy nor do you wait long for your food.
You can see what is being cooked as well, so no funny business going on with your food :)  Owners actually work there and they care about their customers.
I will always come here :)

A lot better than Panda Express.
Ordered the regular size dark meat chicken rice bowl and it was so good.
I love the teriyaki suace and made sure to ask for extra!
The regular size is a perfect portion to fill you up and they aren't skimpy on food.
It's nice to find a clean, fast, and delicious teriyaki joint.
We will be back.

Our family made a bad decision to grab dinner here and it will not happen again!
Out of four of us, no one finished their meal - they were barely edible.
The chicken and vegetables tasted frozen/thawed/old and the egg rolls were... well, just plain gross.
I usually prefer to write positive reviews, but I just can't for this place.

