Yelp map is incorrect.
Location is on the West side of the 101 at Union Hills, and literally overlooks the southbound exit ramp from the 101.
What the hell is it with the stupid Kokopelli theme?
This was somewhat cool for home and restaurant design maybe... 15 years ago or so.
But no, Arizona pizza has resurrected it.
Pizza is rather average, as are the appetizers.
Seems to attract the after work happy hour crowd and otherwise isn't really a place that you yearn to visit in any other context.
There are too many other good pizza options.

"Make something as generic as possible to appeal to as mass a crowd as we can" must have been the proprietor's business plan.
This place reminded me of the "sports-bar-like" area inside of a Chili's, only overgrown into the entire establishment.
Annoying decor, staff,  and, yes, crowd too.
They had the same football game on every single TV in the house, even those screens right next to each other.
Nothing but stupid logic there.
They also used this football game as an excuse to postpone the start of the scheduled poker game that they'd agreed to host, but only because they wouldn't use one of the TVs to show the poker stat screen.
Whistle!
Penalty!
Lame.

The pizza is mediocre at best.
I've been here a couple times for the UFC fights and have tried a couple of their pizzas.
As I said, mediocre at best.
I have also tried their calzones.
That was just a greasy disaster...

last night my friend picked up some pies from this place and we inhaled them in just a few minutes (3) pizzas for 8 dudes....took us about 7 minutes.
I have to say that the pizza was REALLY good, I was never sure how anyone could go there with NYPD in the parking lot but it had great sauce, toppings, and a great thin crust.
I stopped in one time a few months ago and had some hot wings and did not think much of them, but the place was cool inside, very casual with tons of TV's, looks like a Nebraska Cornhusker owner.
It looks like a nice place to watch the game, will have to go back just for the pizza.

The food here isn't the greatest.
Pizza is okay.
Wings are alright and decent price.
The beer specials is usually why I come back.
They tend to have a good $2.50 draft special every day.
So hey if u2 like me n like beer.
It's a decent place.

The food is definitely something that needs improvement!
The pizza dough is tasteless and overall in need of improvement.
Burgers and wings are just average bar food  - nothing special at all.
If you like to bet on horse and dog races then this maybe your place to go.

Yelp map is still incorrect.
Not that it matters.
No one should ever go there to eat.
It is a sports bar, off track betting, and poker hall.
It was really busy on a Sunday night.
Everyone was playing poker.
They have a patio that is full of smokers playing poker.
Come for the betting but eat first.
I was happy with the beer on draft choices.
They even had a beer from Sleepy Dog in Tempe on tap.
We asked the sever if they had any interesting appetizers.
She said her favorite was the fried ravioli.
We know we were in trouble when we took our first bite.
It was almost all pasta, very little cheese inside.
It was overcooked and flavorless.
It came on a generous layer of tomato sauce that had absolutely no flavor.
Then the pizza came.
We ordered the Hawaiian pizza.
Described as a white pizza with prosciutto, pineapple, cheese and coconut oil.
It was white and had all the promised ingredients.
The only flavor that came through was the coconut oil.
There were just little flecks of prosciutto.
The pineapple pieces were about the size of half a penny.
There was a thin layer of cheese.
The crust was terrible.
It had no flavor and was salty.
My wife and I agreed it was the worst pizza we had ever eaten.
Service was just below adequate.
Come to gamble or have a beer but that is it.

This place is now "Windy City Sports Bar & Grill" but the signage wasn't changed.
OTB, and Great wings and good beer prices!

This place sucks.
I never knew it changed owners, we sat and waited forever and then went outside and the lady goes I didn't see you, when she did inside, we said fuck it, got it to go and ate in the car.
At least the pizza was still good, terrible terrible service, we use to rave about this place.
Fuck no more.

i have been here twice since they changed owners,and both times got ignored by the rude bartender.granted the only Seat available was behind the beer taps,but anyone with common sense should know to periodically check that area for customers.the bartender was way too busy chit chatting with co workers and goofing off to be bothered Serving anyone who isn't a friend of hers.finally after being ignored   for 15 minutes i politely asked for a beer.i got a rude response that went something like this,"well this isn't a "drive thru window you know"huh?????really????
?ive been sitting there for 20 minutes.don't know what the hell she meant by that.
the atmosphere is typical sports bar theme.the clientele consists of people in thier late 20's to 40's.the service is awful.i didnt try the food because it took 30mins to get a beer ,i can only imagine how long the food would take.i will nevef return.the only reason i've been there twice is because i was meeting a friend there.
Also it's extremely loud and annoying in there.all the waitresses do that annoying"wooooooh" thing like every 2 seconds,and yell loudly while they are talking to each other.this place was so much better before they redid it and got new owners.
save yourself the headache and go elsewhere.

One hour after ordering a salad and wrap my husband and I started wondering where our food once.
Finally, another 20 minutes later my salad came out but it had to be sent back twice because the order was wrong.
My husbands wrap came out at a different time than my food.
Nothing went right.

I think this is a great little place!
I've been 2 times now and both times has been perfect.
There's room for a live singer or band and is a little cramped but that's almost what's so nice about it.
Especially fun for football I'm sure!
Pizzas are wonderful!
So are all the appetizers!
Can't wait to go back!

Food was great!
Menu and beer selection is also great.
We showed up on a Sunday night with 9 of us, placed was packed, but they still made room for us and provided good service and good food!

Other than being great for Football watching and having off track betting this place is just ok.
The potato skins are pretty good but every thing else I've tried hasn't been that great.
My husband likes the pizza but I wasn't that impressed.
We've had the same waitress a couple of times and she's nice enough but I ordered a wrap and she asked if I wanted chips or fries after some debate I agreed to fries..turns out there is a n up-charge for that.
I dislike when places charge you extra without mentioning it.
And the prices were high-ish for what you get.
I'll stick with beer and potato skins next time.

Came in on a whim with a buddy of mine recently to grab a brew and catch up.
Have to say I liked the vibe they portrayed.
Different types of sports on at the bar, Korn music playing in the background (in my opinion randomly awesome), and the pizza looked great even though I did not eat.
One big plus is the horse/greyhound sportsbook.
Had races from Turf Paradise, and also from racing tracks around the U.S.  Looks like a great spot to hang out and make simple bets on horses while enjoying the game and great company.

We stopped in tonight for the first time and won't be back.
The waitresses are dumber than a bag of rocks.
After a few drinks one might actually call a few of them "hot" - but trust us - the gate is down, the lights are flashing, but there's just no train coming with these girls and beauty can't compensate for stupidity.
They can only hope to marry someone with money or they are forever destined to work as waitresses.
Such a paradox.
A good 45 minute wait for the wrong food and even longer for a second round of drinks.
The musical game SINGO was cool (think BINGO only with songs)  but not enough to keep us there or bring us back.
We may have thought differently and not noticed the long wait had our dumb blonde waitress (with way too much ink on her)  kept our drinks flowing, but we can only assume that pouring that 2nd or 3rd glass of wine was akin to her passing a Bar exam (pun intended.
)  Trust the reviews here; this place really sucks and from what we only SAW of the food, it was mediocre at best.
Nothing that would set your tastebuds on fire.
Regular old bar food.
When you walk in you are first met with a nice woodfire pizza oven which leaves you to believe they actually might have and give their local competition a run for their money.
But it only left us guessing.
One nice thing was the owner came by to apologize and did realize the mistake, the inept waitress and did comp our drinks - but it was just too late.
We were angry, hungry and had to get to an appointment.
Like mom always said, "Sorry is a cheap word and if you have to say you are sorry, then it's too late.
"   In the same shopping center go to NYPD Pizza or around the corner go to Uncle Sams for great pizza.
They are both far better food with better service.

I think this is a great little place!
I've been 2 times now and both times has been perfect.
There's room for a live singer or band and is a little cramped but that's almost what's so nice about it.
Especially fun for football I'm sure!
Pizzas are wonderful!
So are all the appetizers!
There's horse racing inside and songo which is bingo with songs.
Think it's Chicago based, very well done!

The name of the restaurant is Arizona Pizza Company, however the menu shows the name as Windy City Sports Bar and Grill.
I inquired on the name discrepancy and the server said she has no idea why the menus have a different name  This is not a family friendly place.
There is an off track betting parlor in the place filled with chain smoking bettors, constantly going outside to smoke in between races.
Off track betting is the sign of a place ready to close, see McDuffys in the Peoria sports complex, steer clear of this place

If I could rate this poor excuse for a Sports Bar less than one star I would... just based on service alone it gets negative marks... the food is just Below OK Eats...
I don't really want to waste your or my time on this one, but do yourself a huge favor... Don't Go To Arizona Pizza Company...!!!!
_  Go To Pullano's Pizza  13848 N 51st Ave  Glendale, AZ 85306 (602) 978-1234  They have Much Much better Food, Great Service and Lots of TV's to watch your Favorite Sporting events........  OR Go To....  BullShooters (They have 50 Pool Tables) and all the Flat Screens you will need...!
3337 W Peoria Ave Phoenix, AZ 85029 (602) 441-2447 http://Www.bullshooters-az.com

I'm sure Arizona Pizza Company is a great place to stop and have a beer with your friends, there is plenty of TV's to watch in addition to do some off track betting.
I didn't know this was a sports bar never mind that it had off track betting.
The last time I was here (many years ago) it was a pizza place.
Families were there with kids so I was suprised to see it had changed.
That being said we didn't go there for the noisy bar, to watch sports on TV or off track betting we there to have a late lunch and we wanted pizza.
Since we were already there and didn't want to go looking for anoother place to eat, we stayed.
Each of us (my wife- Carol, our friend Kathy R. and me) all ordered a personal pizza.
Kathy R. & my wife ordered a pepperoni & sausage personal pizza.
I ordered the Meat lovers pizza (pepperoni, sauage, & meatball) Kathy & I also got a side salad.
It seems I must be a lot more picky than my wife and Kathy.
They both enjoyed their pizza and said it was very good.
Now the last time I had a wood fired pizza it was at the Colorado Belle (Laughlin, NV ) in The Boiler pub and it was   Absolutely delicious!!
so I was excited to try the pizza here because they advertised wood fired pizzas.
My pizza crust was thin and crispy with some burnt edges, it looked great.
Pizza is Pizza right?
WRONG, I left feeling like I could have done better elsewhere.
FOOD: The pizza was NOT that impressive.
Overall the pizza lacked flavor.
It was rather bland.
A real disappointment considering it was wood fired pizza.
PRICE: Decently priced.
You will not find these prices for the quality anywhere.
SERVICE: The service was okay.
Our waitress was nice and attentive but she did not introduce herself, .
CONCLUSION:  The restaurant is not well suited for families.
It is a noisy sports bar with off track betting.
I wasn't that impressed.

I hate to say anything bad about a restaurant but when you pay over $25 for a pizza and it's bad something must be Said the crust was actually crunchy on the bottom but the rest of the top of the pizza was wet when I had my first slice water juice and gravy actually's spewed off the individual slice of pizza it was absolutely disgusting we ask the Waiter why this was so and he said sorry My busboy spilled water on your pizza okay I understand accidents happen but why would you serve that to me come to the table and say sorry but your pizza was Drop on fire maybe even the truth and make me a new pizza and say sorry about the wait never try to serve food that is not right

We will never go here again!
We go to this place for a lot of the UFC fights and it's always been a good place to eat, drink, and watch UFC.
However, we went there tonight and we not impressed with a "new" manager.
For lack of a better term, this guy is a douche bag!
He needs to find a new line of work.
He does not know anything about customer service.
It started as he was making his rounds asking tables how they were doing.
He skipped our table for some reason.
Literally asked the tables on each side of us.
Then we had more people show up and the sign at the door says "seat yourself", so we pulled an unreserved table over to ours.
This is where it went downhill.
The guy was completely rude about the situation.
I know the owner was there as I have met her before and we know some of the same people.
She didn't bother to address the situation either!
The waitress was the only one who was helpful.
A note to the owner...
Stand up for your place.
Honestly, you should have came over and apologized for your new manager.
He is in the wrong line of work!
We will never be back, and we've been going there for a long time.
We also will telling everyone we know about our experience tonight!
Troop Fuel sucks too.

Horrible, sleezy and poorly run.
The manager (Fred Durst wannabe) was a complete arrogant prick.
So bad in fact that we had to leave.
The staff is incompetent and even worse this place has an O.T.B section full of disgusting older men.. worst idea to date.. will never be back!
Someone should call John Taffer this place needs it!

3.75  Wings ... Yummy Just a tad $$$ Pizza ...  Yummy!
Drinks ... they were OK.
The carbonation was off on the Coke and the owner tested it and gave me a "replacement" ... it ended up on the bill anyway.
LOL  Sports bar type feel.
Nice tv, nice and clean.
Servers were really good.
Ask about the poker special thing they have.
For a good player it can be fun.

I love all the people that work and hang out here.
It is just like family.
People are always there to pick you up make you smile and have a good time.

I went there to watch a couple of bowl games.
Two big screen TV's long with a host of other TV's.
Problem was, the Big Screens are so old and so dark its like watching TV through a dirty screen.
Asked the bartender about switching one TV to another game that was on, and no one was watching the game that was on, and i got a dissertation on why She could not do that.
The place has a lot of potential, but the staff seemed very very unhappy, the waitresses looked like they had all just gotten out of bed and threw on clothes cause they had to go to work, no thought process at all.
Food is ok, but pricey for what you get and where your are.
Really nothing special about this place, and the TV situation makes it a not go to ever again to watch a sporting event.

The quick and dirty review: Pizza is about average.
Wings are ok.
The place feels a little dated, though, or they need to do something about their tvs.
Dark and hard to see for a sports bar.
Service stinks.
Lots of better choices nearby.
I was in Dec 28th to watch the fight.
I have to say when I come in I usually don't expect a lot.
Little food, little drink, decent service.
This particular night the service was all around bad.
Waitress was unhappy, unfriendly and completely inattentive in keeping drinks full.
After waiting for what felt like an eternity, decided to go to the bar myself to get filled.
Service there was slow and unpleasant there as well.
Makes me not ever want to set foot here again.
I get the impression the girls are far more worried about their gobs of smoky eye makeup and chit chatting than earning their tip by providing service.
Sorry, heavily spackled makeup and huge hair aren't cuttin it.
Try putting more effort into actually serving diners.
The average food did nothing to improve my opinion on the night.
Not even a thank you for coming in.
Based on terrible service alone I'd give it a zero.
Yelp makes me give a 1 star minimum, so here's an undeserved star.

Very disappointed this time.
I took friends that asked where to go for good pizza.
It was burnt and even smelt burnt.
We showed the server who apologized and agreed with us.
The kitchen manager came to our table and said it was because it is a wood stove and we needed to get used to it.
He further said, He would make a new one but it would it would be the same or darker.
" By his manner we felt that he had the control to make it come back darker.
In all the times I have been there I never had a pizza with a burnt crust.
The people next to us heard our conversations and showed us their crust,it was the normal light golden.
Our waitress was perplexed as the manger was not there the assistant restaurant refused to speak to us.
These thing happen.
I just wish the assistant manger would have stepped up to the plate and made sure if we had a new pizza made that we would have not been given a crispy burnt pizza.We felt bad that the waitress was put in the middle of her customer and her employer.
The waitress did right by us.
We would go back again.
I think the manner is which the kitchen manner approached us was more disappointing the food.

Very hit or miss.
I'm giving 3 stars because I either get excellent service or horrible service.
The food is decent bar fare, just a little pricey.
Fun place to hang out, watch sports and place horse bets....
When the service is good.

Went in for an afternoon burger, no drinks.
Place was a dive, without the charm.
And I didn't need to hear the loud obnoxious guy at the bar talking about the waitresses ass.
At 1130 in the morning?

Really slow service!
Won't be back.
Should have trusted the reviews of my fellow Yelpers

Happy hour now sucks.
Only 1 beer per month on special.
Next time I'll go next door to O2.
New untrained waitress had to go ask someone every question I asked her.

Love the OTB they have there!!!
Went on Saturday for the Kentucky Derby and it was busy but services was great still.
The Chopped chicken salad was excellent.

If there was a 2 1/2 stars rating, i would give it to APC.
Where do i start?
The decor is standard pizzeria sports bar decor.
It has Off Track betting.
What it lacks is decent food.
The wood fired pizza is dry, bland, and utterly underwhelming.
The bacon on the pizza tasted strange...not like fresh cooked bacon.
The dough is tasteless and cardboard like.
The chicken is clearly frozen.
The cheese has no flavor.
I have enjoyed Little Ceasars pizzas more.
The wings were par at beat.
The sauce was light and dripped off the wings.
The actual chicken in the wings was decent.
The buxom bartender spent the majority of time complaining to someone at the end of the bar about other employees.
Incredibly unprofessional.
She seemed much more interested in him than striking up conversations with patrons.
The only positive I would give here is the free poker tournament and the ice cold beer.
Sadly I would not recommend eating here

We (party of 6) stopped in after my son's graduation for an early dinner.
Just before we stopped at Starbucks for an iced tea.
My mother still had her iced tea when we walked in and the bartender immediately said that we could not come in with the iced tea.
I asked to speak with his manager and he said "he will tell you the same thing".
We walked out and went across the parking lot to NYPD and spent $125 on dinner & drinks and had great service.
I will NEVER come back to this place.
*** Update *** Following is a message sent to me from what was obviously an employee of APC:  Well not to be rude but it is against the liquor laws to have outside food or beverages In a restaurant and I know first hand there is a sign outside the door there that states it.
So if you get mad at a restaurant for following the rules then you are not a customer that restaurants want.
Tara S  * Just another reason to never go back and to make sure I tell all my friends and family about the experience.

We sit at the front table, bring the kids and have fun talking about the names of the horses!
Place our bets and watch the races at our table side tv.
Wood fired pizza and specialty sauce wings!
Couple cold beers and we're set!
Ask for the pizza crispy and taste the fabulous wood fire smoke come out!
Never had a bad time !

