I had a great experience buying a car from Arrowhead Lexus.
They were honest about their prices and didn't pressure me into purchasing additional warranties or gap.
My salesman was Dave and he was extremely patient with me and didn't make me feel rushed even though we were there after the dealership closed.
I would recommend this dealership to anyone.

TERRIBLE!
They scammed me out of $15,000 and I am still upside down on my loan two years later.
DO NOT GO HERE!

Our car was totaled, so after venturing out to find one of the few remaining similar cars, we pulled up to a dealership with one other customer on a Sunday.
Hum..I thought...great time to make a deal.
Little did I know where I was.
After a test ride, I opted to make an offer.
I did my research and have purchased no fewer than 10 cars in my lifetime, so I am not a novice.
I also have a client who is a finance manager at another dealership....I'm no dummy.
I made an offer..cash offer I might add (over 70k for this model)..which was met with a counter-offer about $2500 higher.
I said I would really like to be closer to my number, to which his response was something like...I'm not dealing with you anymore if you think we are moving on this number.
I was a bit stunned, as I never had a car dealership quit after one counter and only $2,500 away.
Basically they were saying that some other less educated sucker would be willing to pay more, so we don't want your business, despite 3 salesman walking around doing nothing.
I left and they didn't try to stop me.
Meanwhile, I found it at another dealership for what I was offering.
Greed is not attractive, and that's what Arrowhead represented to me.

This is a letter I mailed, faxed and hand delivered to my Service Consultant at Arrowhead Lexus.
Never received a response.
September 20, 2010  Arrowhead Lexus 9238 West Bell Rd Peoria, AZ 85382   Lexus Manager  I have had my Lexus RX 330 serviced by your service center multiple times in the last year.
At the last three times there was a note with the work order that I complained of steering wheel vibrating at high speeds and that it was pulling/drifting to the left.
Every time I was told it was the tires, the road, or the rotors.
After my last service and the vehicle were still under the 100,000-mile warranty, I was again told everything was fine.
This past service I went to another Lexus repair shop and he told me right away that the struts were leaking and had been broken at least a year, because the boot around it was completely worn away.
Since the strut was broken so long, it had caused all the other struts to fail including the stabilization arm.
All told, the bills were $3,600 dollars.
I feel that Lexus is always advertising that it does excellent service and in this case it didn't which cost me more to service the vehicle because proper maintenance was not preformed at your service center  this should have been fixed in the previous three service visits.
Not satisfied customer  Scott

Arrowhead Lexus by far is the worst Lexus dealer in the state of Arizona.
My first experience with Arrowhead Lexus should of been my last by I decided to give them a second chance.
The first issue was when I purchased my new 2014 Lexus IS350.
Their sales department as well as their sales manager at the time flat out lied to me.
They informed me that the vehicle that I ended up purchasing at Lexus of Chandler was nonexistent in the entire state of Arizona.
They also told me that Lexus motor financial does not look at the three credit scores from experian, transunion, and equifax to decide the tier you qualify for with their special lease programs.
Their sales manager just told me experian.
Little did he know I myself am in the car business and have been for over a decade.
Lexus as well as Toyota look at all three and pick the highest to determine your lease money factor and tier.
That was my first experience knowing that I was being lied to I went to Lexus of Chandler and purchased my is350 from them in exact color combination that they said was impossible to get.
Being a person that believes in second chances I decided to give their service department a chance.
As I know being in the business the sales department can be different from the service department.
Service might be better I thought?
Well I thought wrong.
I have roughly 6,000 miles on my IS now and visited their department three times.
All for warranty issues.
I have had a weird clicking noise from the rear suspension that has not gone away.
I brought it in when I first heard it and they told me it was fixed.
A week later it was back.
I then set up another appointment to get it looked at at they informed me that they could not duplicate the click.
So they could not fix it.
My speaker as well ended up being blown on my vehicle as well.
I video taped the cracking of my speaker showing it was blown and I got a excuse that it was poor music quality from my MP3 that I downloaded from the iTunes stores.
Two issues that were never resolved.
As said being a person of giving people extra chances I continued to do business with them in service.
I chalked up the two issues as manufacture issues and have told myself there is nothing I could do about the two issues.
My third and final straw came today as I brought my vehicle in for my first tire rotation.
I informed my advisor that the sunroof roofing I guess you could call it had a strange bend in it.
Which is a manufacture flaw.
Upon pick up of my vehicle my advisor said that the department manager has came to the conclusion that it was a customer damage issue and I damaged it.
Which is a lie.
I never damaged it as it would be near impossible for myself to do it.
He showed me with the sunroof open the liner fell of track and caused it the roofing to get deformed.
Key phrase "sunroof open" we live in Arizona and I have had this vehicle for four months.
It is hotter then blue blazes in Arizona and I have only had my roof open four maybe five times each time I recall and non of those times was I driving or putting by hands anywhere near the outside of my sunroof.
After speaking was my advisor as well as the service department manager I asked them to go out to my car and I could show them it was impossible for me to do such a thing.
Long story short after explaining it to him again he "the department manager" said it was not like this when I bought the car I said are you sure about that?
You saw this car when I first bought it?
He said yes I inspect everyone.
I said strange so you saw it when it first came off the truck?
I made him repeat his answer twice.
Then I said were threw here you just lied to me I purchased this vehicle at Lexus of chandler.
Him being the department manager is a lack of leadership and ethics.
I no longer will be taking my vehicle to Lexus of arrowhead for service.
I will gladly drive the extra 15 miles to Lexus of Scottsdale.
Hopefully my experience there will be different.

Moving from Hawaii to Austin TX I picked up the car in Long Beach to find the instrument cluster didn't work.
Yikes, a trip across the desert in July with no temp gauge!?
I had checked all fuses.
Called Arrowhead who got me in the next AM.
45 min later it's fixed!
They could have easily raked me over the coals on an electrical problem, but didn't.
And they washed the car and gave us breakfast.
Now THAT is service!
Chris Bubetz was the advisor.
He listened to all I'd told him I'd done and that it came off the boat not working.
They had to reset the computer.
Way to go, Arrowhead!

