I just completed my second transaction with Great Gates.
They are always friendly, prompt and affordable.
The work is of the highest quality.
I would recommend them to anyone looking for a gate, doors or even custom iron work.

I had an excellent experience with this company.
They came out for a no pressure estimate and explained all of my options and the pricing.
Then they were patient while I decided and even had them re-quote different styles for me.
They under-promised and over-delivered, which is great.
They estimated three weeks and my gate was installed in one.

Not giving much of a review at this time.
We had an appointment scheduled and it rained so salesperson called to cancel.
We rescheduled and this time we got a call the day before the appointment that the salesperson was sick...when asked if someone else could come, we were told all other reps were booked.
They offered another day but doesn't work with our schedule.
Based on the reviews and 4 Star score, we'll try one more time to book an appointment.
To Be Continued...

We ended up going elsewhere...just could not get their act together.

Great Gates came out last week and beat the other 3 quotes I had.
They gave me a time three days later and showed up and got the job done right.
Not only did I save money, but I also was impressed by the staff.
Great work ..Great gates!!

Great Gates did a good job designing, building & installing our courtyard gate & entry door.
My wife and I are very picky so there was a lot of back and forth, but they were accommodating.
There were a few issues with the quote and our screen, but they were resolved with persistence on my wife's part.
They could use some better organization with their process, but overall we would use them again and recommended them to our family and friends.

Time and time again I've tried to use great gates for jobs I bid, but I'm done giving them chances.
No contact, no followup, no returned calls or emails.
They're not worth the hassle.

Ordered a new iron gate with side panels and added repairs to an existing iron gate.
Salesman was very pleasant,'Tom'.
The scheduling took longer than we liked, but we did get them installed finally.
We discovered a small dent on the new gate a couple days later, so we asked them to remove it and repair it, then replace it, which they did do.
The gates look great.
Tyler, was very helpful in getting that arranged.
Thank you for making the repair.

