You truly can't beat their meat...I tried it wasn't pretty.
Amazing...Amazing...Amazing meat selection.
You can special order things like aligator, lion, javelina, probably dinosaur meat if it came right down to it.
They also have sides and sauces like woah...but what I really want to talk about is....their weekend BBQ.
Saturdays they have burgers, and chicken, and I think ribs.
I always get the burger.
Admittedly it has been to long since I have been working weekends and no longer right across the street but dear lord is the burger a masterpiece,  and super fair priced.
they cook it up to order with a drink and fries and do it yourself condiments.
I took my girlfriend there on one of our first dates ( I know I am a real romancer) and frankly the super drippy delicousness makes for a good icebreaker and how one handles it is a true marker of character.
If I could eat any one burger right this very moment it would be that one.
The only down side is that they only do it saturdays and only through lunch.
It is a magic burger window everyone should make...oh and if you order some lion meat let me know...

The best meat.
Prime beef.
Impossible to screw up the prime ribeye on the grill.
It is the best steak I've ever eaten, every time I eat it.
Try a twice-baked potato as well.

Okay, I was excited about seeing the reviews of this butcher that was very near my house, so I had pretty high expectations.
When I walked in, I asked if they had any bundled type packages of different cuts of meat, and their reply was, "We care about our customers so we don't do that.
"  Then the cashier pointed me to their "Bargain" meat selection.
I understand the caring about the customers part because the other place was probably selling old meat, but it was humorous that he pointed me to their version of the bundled meats right afterward!
LOL  They do have a great selection of meat, I thought Prime Top Sirloin for 12.99/Lb was pretty good.
I ended up getting 2.5 Lbs of ribs and 2 twice baked potatoes.
I must say I was in a hurry and that is why I got the ready made beef back ribs and baked potatoes.
But once I got home and heated them up, needless to say, I was disappointed with the ribs immensely and the baked potatoes were really good, but the potatoes I made for the first time trying twice baked potatoes were better.
I will not ever get the beef back ribs again, but as for the selection of meats, it was great.
I am rating Hobe Meats as 3-stars since I can't say that all their meat is bad, just the beef back ribs.
Oh, and customer service was pretty good as well.
Until next time....

I called them at 6:15 last night and they were closed.
Guy calls me back an says he is still there, what do I want?
4 Brats and 2 Hots I says... Come on over, he says.
Some of the best Sausages I've had in a LONG time.
Thanks Hobe.

Hobe Meats changed hands in 2009, and is now under the expert direction of Eric Yates and Bret Pont.
I have lived in the valley since 1993, and this is without question the cleanest and most inviting incarnation of Hobe I've seen.
As butcher shops go, this one is the best I've ever had nearby.
I make odd requests quite often, including three-inch-thick Porterhouse steaks, huge pork loin roasts, piles of lamb shanks, inside skirt steak (not outside skirt...there is a difference, and that's why you need a real butcher), and even shellfish.
Eric has never failed me.
Even the most esoteric requests need no more than a few days notice.
If you're not looking for halal goat or some such unusual beast, Hobe is still your best bet for every-day type meats.
The sausages are outstanding, and the selection of steaks and chops is always good.
If you don't see something in the case, don't assume it isn't available.
If you cook, Hobe should be in your address book.

These guys can get just about anything you can imagine, and for a much better price than grocery stores.
Oh, and the customer service is excellent.

This place has changed now.
I believe there was a change of ownership and it's just different overall.
Been there once since the change and will not go back.
Not the same anymore.
NO PRIME BEEF?!
Go to AJ's and sometimes Costco for better beef.

The absolute best.
Eric knows his way around meats, takes special orders and understands that tri-tip must be untrimmed if you want to do it right!
Hobe is well worth the drive from N. Scottsdale if you're a discerning carnivore.
I just wish I had a larger freezer.

We had a special Julia Child Dinner Party and called Hobe Meats since we purchased specialty meats around Christmas time from them.
Inquired if they had rump roast meat for Boeuf Bourguignon recipe.
They had it and it was corn-fed beef from Nebraska.
Price was great, cheaper than AJ's.
The meat was perfect, the dinner was fantastic!
Dinner party for 10 people, everybody loved it.
Thanks Hobe Meats.
I did have to drive into Phoenix from North Phx.
but location was close to the 51.
Highly recommend their quality food and very kind and helpful service.
They cut the meat into 2 in.
chunks which saved alot of time/work on the recipe...Thanks so very much!
Love your shop.

Best butcher in town.
Meat is better that what you can find in fine dining places such as CityHall, Ocean Club... and much better than Mortons of course.
Also you can order fresh seafood from the Atlantic like swordfish.
Since I tried their meat I decided not to go to Ocean Club anymore, its not worth the money.
Very friendly owner

I love butcher shops and my dog.
I am a vegetarian.
Allow me to explain.
First, butcher shops are becoming obsolete because of grocery store meats.
5 in Phoenix?
Bullshit!
This is awful.
If you eat meat, find yourself a butcher.
The meat is better, fresher, and these people care about their meat.
It's good for men to care about their meat, in all possible situations/insinuations.
Second, I am newly a vegetarian because I think farming meat is wrong.
That said, I'll eat the hell out of some fresh elk that a buddy took down last weekend and butchered himself.
I also eat fish that is not farmed.
Most fish at this particular shop is wild caught.
This is wonderful.
Third, I love LOVE my dog.
Hobe is not only super serious about their meats, but they're super serious about their dogs, too.
They grind and freeze their raw bones from chickens, turkeys, and cows to create raw diets for dogs, and swear by it.
Individually packaged, immediately frozen, and they always have boatloads on hand.
Amazing!
My dog goes literally apeshit over raw food, and their ground stuff is good for his old man teeth.
They are so friendly and informative.
I won't eat the meat they sell, but you can bet your beef I'll buy my dad's steaks here.

Another vegetarian dog owner here to give Hobe some love.
Skip the questionably-processed rawhide and buy your dog raw meaty bones from Hobe.
Your dog's dental plaque will disappear.
Also check their freezer case for their ground meat and veggies for dogs.
High quality dog food!

I have to prefice the review by saying that I own a catering business, so Quality, Presentation and of course Taste are very important to me.
I stopped into Hobe to get something for a Saturday night dinner.
When you walk in, the presentation of the shop is CLEAN and has a nice food aroma.
The paint is bright white and sharp with some great HOBE nostalgia on the walls.
Although I did not partake, they offer a vast $5 menu of sandwiches, ribs, sausage, etc for you to eat on site or take to go...must be one of the best lunch deals in town.
The quality of the meats in the case was AWESOME...I have to say the meat looks as good/better than AJ's and the price is MUCH LOWER!
So...I chose a USDA choice T-Bone-it ate more like a USDA prime Porterhouse!
Feeling lazy I bought a twice baked potato and sweet corn for the easy prep.
The potato was unbelievably good, I wish that I had gotten two as my date scarfed most of the one I had intended to share.
Keep up the good work, Hobe, I will be back!

Got a new smoker for my Birthday and decided to visit Hobe Meats to do it right.
I agree with all of the great reviews and can't say enough good things about this place.
The selection is fantastic, the staff is extremely knowledgeable and helpful and the prices are great.
I will definitely be back!

I went to Hobe because I wanted a flank steak that was larger than the usual pound and a half specimens found in the grocery store, and although I know how to do it myself, I wanted to save myself the work and have it butterflied by the butcher.
One of the men behind the counter didn't know the meaning of the term - I should have taken the hint then.
But somebody in the back said that he would do it.
Since it was given to me all wrapped up, I couldn't see how the butcher had butchered that piece of beef.
One third had been cut almost all the way through and was hanging by a tendon.
The other two thirds hadn't been cut at all.
I was forced to do that part of the process, plus find a way to patch up the severed piece.
This was an expensive pain-in-the-flank.

Big huge Pro: Good selection of raw ground-up goop for my doggie!
Yum yum!
But for the Con: Prices aren't different than the grocery store and most of the (human food) display case was more brown-tinted than red.
On top of that, I went to pay with a Groupon and got an attitude.
If you don't like the discount you signed up to give away then don't participate in the program, Jack Benny.

great selection of farm raised game along with their cow, chicken, pig, etc.
Prices are decent here and the service is great.
I'm not sure how much I can say about a butcher.
Good service, fair prices, and vast selection says it all.

While I have heard about this place, and recommended it to various people throughout the years based on friends' review, I just entered the business for the first time the other day.
We bought a Groupon and since I was in the hood, decided to stop.
The selection was great (sausages, pork, steak, prime, choice, exotic meats and more), the service was great and the information they provided me was great.
We eat out A LOT so I'm not an expert at cooking steak or preparing it.
The gentleman was nice enough to answer all of my stupid questions.
We tried the NY Steak (prime) last night and it was so tender.
If you want a mid-west fed, tender, juicy steak then this is the place.
Plus, whatever they don't have for you they will get it for you.

All praise the mighty Groupon for introducing me to Hobe meats!
I'm not really into red meat, however, a recent Groupon for steaks piqued my interest.
Having recently purchased a grill, the idea of having a cookout for family was very appealing.
To the butcher shop I went.
Hobe is a meat mecca, a ballet of beef.
Their selection is great, ranging from any cut of meat imaginable to fresh sausages.
Bacon flirts from the corner and there's even a nice selection of seafood!
The butchers were incredibly friendly, and didn't bat an eye when presented with the Groupon.
The gentleman selected the steaks, wrapped them accordingly and gave me some grilling tips.
Excellent customer service was had.
All in all, everything I could want from a butcher shop was had at Hobe Meats.
The steaks came out great!
(as a very important side-note: I've been looking for a place to buy duck breast for the last few months.
Hobe has it!
mmm, duck)

Best Hamburgers in town

Stopped in here a couple weeks using a groupon I purchased for $40 worth of meats.
The man behind the counter was friendly and more than helpful, explaining the different grades of meat that they carry.
Excellent service!
I bought 2 strip steaks that I threw on the grill that night and they were right up there in the top 5 steaks I've ever had.
Good marbling, plenty of flavor and as fresh as I could ask for.
And these weren't even the "prime" grade steaks.
I also picked up some awesome looking short ribs and ground beef.
But what I was most excited about - they carry Vienna hot dogs and condiments!
Being from Chicago, I was so happy to find this taste of home.
I picked up a lb of hot dogs and a bottle of the Vienna hot giardianera.
Now this is what giardianera should taste like.
They also had the neon green relish and mustard, but I'm not a big fan of either no matter what the brand.
This place is a little far from me (I'm in E Mesa) but I will definitely be making another visit soon.

I am probably the only one to review Hobe without a Groupon in the last few weeks.
I happened to stop by around 10:30 a.m. a few Saturday's ago when I was driving aimlessly through the area.
I happened upon it when looking for a place to eat and I was HUNGRY!
I saw a sidewalk billboard advertising a $5.00 grilled hamburger with fries and soda.
I was sold.
The hamburger was simply amazing.
It was grilled to a medium level with a fresh bun and delicious thick fries.
Definitely worth the $5.00!
Probably the best burger I have had since I had lived in Phoenix (14+ years and counting).
The other people around me were eating ribs and telling me that they are the best in town.
Keep in mind that I am eating a hamburger outside with two other's eating ribs before 11:00 a.m.
Within 30 minutes the place was packed and ran out of ribs.
The store has plenty of fresh meats, seasoning and some exotic game in the front freezer.
I did not buy any meats since I had a full day in front of me and nowhere to put it.
Hobe has a few tables outside for eating.
I have to say that I enjoyed both the atmosphere and my food.
The people who get the lunch specials are repeat customers and love to brag about the ribs.
Based on my personal experience and the recommendations of others, I will go with the five stars!

Love this place.. guy behind the counter is very helpful.
Meat is excellent!
found them with one of those deals!
Been back several time.

I can't believe I've not written a review for Hobe before this.
Super helpful staff and products that set this shop apart.
Of note is an amazing selection of game meats, you'd be hard pressed to find this diverse array anywhere else in the Valley.
Their Prime steaks are just delicious.
They also carry some sauces and marinades, my personal favorite is BBQPHX sauce!

This is a nice meat shop located in a strip mall.
They serve a BBQ on Saturday, although I've never tried in, but it did smell great.
The meat selection is not that of a true butcher, since they have it shipped in from a company in Omaha, but it is nice cuts of meat.
If you are looking to entertain and impress your friends, then grab a cut of meat from here.
If you are looking for everyday meat, this probably isn't going to be the most bang for your buck.

Wow, my childhood beckons...
It's been a long time since I've been to a genuine meat market, and I'm so glad I made the visit to Hobe Meats.
I purchased a living social deal for Hobe, and bought just shy of $98 worth of prime beef for $47, plus my certificate.
We froze some of it, and ate some last night...delish!
Let me tell you, Folks, it's a treat that is worth the price for prime beef!
The cost of the filets (don't forget, this is Prime grade, not choice) was less than what is charged at AJ's, and the flavor is unbelievable!
The gentleman that helped us was totally knowledgeable about meat, and the meat business, as well.
In addition to the Prime Beef selection, this meat market has lamb, pork and fish.
They have a large selection of Choice beef, too!

As a foodie and really good cook, I was happy to find a meat market that offers prime grade meat.
I found them from a GroupOn coupon for frozen hamburger patties.
Was not very impressed with the hamburgers.
Should have known better since I usually grind my own meat.
However, the steaks have been great.
There are not many places that carry USDA prime grade beef which is usually only available through the wholesale market to restaurants.
AJ's also carries prime grade meat.
Staff are friendly and helpful.
They are now in my GPS favorites list.

Usually when you go to a butcher -- the meat is fabulous.
Not for us.
We bought some ribs and was given a prepackaged grocery store run of the mill, low quality grade ribs.
I know for sure because I realized I had the same brand from the 2 for 1 sale at Albertson's.
Over spent and the pork was chewy and very low quality.
Also, they need better ventilation in their store.
As you walk in the door the whole place smells like rotting meat.
Guys, please go to an HVAC dealer and get your duct work or A/C fixed.
Stinks to high heaven and so NOT appetizing.

Meat was fantastic -

I just bought a pork crown roast here that is MUCH bigger than what I expected.
Almost a month ago I ordered a 12-14 rib roast, but when I went to pick it up, all they had were 19-20 rib roasts.
I would have refused it, but wasn't sure I could find another this close to Christmas Eve.
I'm sure it will be excellent quality, but I don't appreciate how they padded my order by about a third.
I have to go find a larger roasting pan and adjust cooking times on an already very busy day.
If/when you order, specify exactly what size/weight you will accept and have a backup plan ready

I had never heard of Hobe Meats before reading about them in a Deal Chicken ad.
Although a little leary of a place I hade never heard of, I decided to give them a try.
It was the best online decision I had ever made.
The gentlemen at the counter were very courteous and helpful.
The meat was very fresh, not like what you find in your local supermarket.
I tried meats that ranged from various cuts of beef and pork and WOW it is DELICIOUS and FRESH!
A real butcher shop in Phoenix.
I will only be purchasing my meats from Hobe Meats from now on.

Years ago, old man Hobe taught my parents how to cook rib roasts.
"In the morning, bring the roast to room temp...heat the oven to 500 degrees, cook the roast for one hour at 500, turn the oven off, and let the roast sit in the oven all day long" he explained.
A couple weeks ago while watching Food Network, I saw one of the chefs offer up the exact recipe, implicitly stating it was his latest greatest cooking technique.
Wrong.
Old man Hobe had it right years ago, and for that, I'll forever sing his praises.
The shop was sold many years ago, and has since changed hands a couple times, but little has changed.
Maybe it's not feasible to shop here all the time due to it's proximity, but it's definitely worth your while to experience this butcher shop every now and again when you're in the area.
The butcher shop.
Fast becoming a relic in the American landscape...unless you go to South Phoenix where there's a Carneceria on practically every corner.

Customer service has been great and they'll discuss the meat and answer all questions.
The prices are more expensive that a grocery, but the meat is antibiotic/hormone free and the beef has grass in its diet besides corn.
For those who aren't aware feeding cattle grass will change the flavor of the meat AND cuts down on the chance the meat has e. coli making it safer to cook rare and medium rare.
Where as the grocery beef is sprayed with ammonia to make it safe.
Also, you won't have to worry the hamburger is made with "pink slime" like your local grocery meat that comes from factory farms.
Again look it up, its absolutely disgusting but common practice.

After purchasing half off Groupon for Hobe, we purchased an aged Porterhouse & aged Tbone, 1 steak each, totalling $52.
We love our beef in this house.
Both my husband & I thought it was chewier than we expected & lacked the flavor we expected from aged prime beef  I have been to every major supermarket in AZ & have found AJs has best aged & non aged  prime beef & always stock up when its on sale.
Bashas so has good butcher shop & the steaks have good flavor.
Frys, Safeway, Albertsons sell beef of course, but it is rather flavorless.
I would have loved to find another great place to purchase good beef, but not sure Id travel to Hobe again

Last night we grilled some burger from Hobe Meats on the grille.
I was SO impressed!
It tasted every bit as good as a Kobe burger from AJs which costs $7.99/lb.
vs. Hobe price of $4.99 or cheaper if you have a coupon.
I also had their bacon.
It's thicker and doesn't shrink.
The grocery store sells12 oz.
packages instead of the usual 16 oz package for the same money.
I am fortunate to live only 2 miles from this meat shop.
Edited to add: last week I purchased two of their prime steaks.
I had a filet and my husband had a boneless strip.
It was among the best steaks I ever had at any restaurant.
It was tender, it was juicy, it was delicious!

All you singletons out there know how tired eating a full package of chicken breasts or pork chops can get!
Hobe has reintroduced variety to my at-home menu!
I've been here quite a few times thanks to Groupon and Living Social.
I LOAD up with meat and have been consistently happy with my purchases.
My go tos are: prime fillet, top sirloin steaks, ground sirloin, butterfly pork chops (boneless).
They're always very friendly and I like that they can wrap each item separately.
When I get home, whatever I'm not using immediately goes into the freezer and I can take out portions to thaw as needed.
(1 if it's just me; 2 or more if I've got company!

Pricey, but worth it for a special occasion.
We have purchased multiple Groupons and never been disappointed with Hobe.
Great service, and awesome product.
The steak tastes like what you would get at a top of the line steakhouse, only you don't have to tip.
We've gone for the $5 lunches and those are awesome too.

This review is specifically for the Saturday BBQ's that Hobe has.
They have them every Saturday, from 11am-4pm, and for only $5 you get a TON of delicious food!
I used to come on Saturdays for lunch 3 years ago and they still have the same exact deal now, only with more options!
You get a choice of a meat (burger, ribs, tri tip sandwich, pulled pork sandwich, chicken sandwich, 50/50 bacon burger, plus a few other things), and a side (baked beans, fries, I think you can even get a twice baked potato!
), AND a drink!
You can even split the sides and do half beans and half fries like my bf enjoys doing.
You pick out your drink from a cooler behind where you stand to place your order, near the front door (also near the utensils and sauces).
They have diet and regular sodas, nothing too exciting, but they also have water bottles.
They have a few tables outside where you can sit, and they're all in the shade.
The tables are much nicer than they were a few years ago, but that is about the only difference I've noticed since I started coming here again (I moved away for 3 years but have returned!).
This is seriously the best deal in town, or possibly in the whole world.
Five bucks gets you a generous portion of meat cooked to order (so be prepared to wait a bit, but it doesn't take TOO long) AND a side AND a drink.
Why are there not more reviews of this place?
This deal has been going on for YEARS and the price hasn't even gone up-maybe I am giving the secret away?
If that's the case, I am glad to share this secret because it's too delicious and cheap to keep it to myself.
P.S.
Buy a bottle of the bacon bbq sauce.
It goes on EVERYTHING!

Good Meats, Decent Service.
Can usually find a coupon from Groupon or something similar to help with the higher prices of good meat.

Great Saturday BBQ deal!
~~ That was my tip.
Now for a review.
Hobe Meats is a butcher shop.
They know what they sell,have tips on how to cook it and care about what they sell.
No slacker customer service here.
You need a butcher shop you can rely on, one that sells quality meat, that cares about what they do.
This is it.
Back to the Saturday BBQ deal (which they mention on their website).
There may be some choices that would normally pop out at you for your preference, but try the pork chop.
Just outstanding.
Here's another hint:  The food comes with a side in a styrofoam container.
If you get the french fries and take it home (otherwise they have two wood picnic tables in front of the store), put the french fries in a toaster oven for a few minutes when you get home to draw out the moisture they''ll take in from the moist pork chop.
Here's a great illustration of the service:  My mother-in-law has to watch her sodium intake closely.
When I asked Lindsay if they could leave the seasoning off of the pork chop (Saturday BBQ special), not only did she say, "Sure", she asked if we wanted her side of french fries salt free!
~ That was one happy mother-in-law, which meant everyone else was happy.
Ok, now that I've written this, I'm motivated to go get something and grill it!

If you can say overwhelmed you would be in the right place.. and I love it.. great old time glass cases full of fresh meats on display.
They offer lunch plates of smoked treasures that I can't wait to try.. and if your up for a butcher pack of meats they offer great prices on meats to feed the family and dazzle your friends with a great BBQ pack.. must visit

Great store and staff never had a bad cut of meat.

This place is amazing...  Everybody mostly raves about their red meats but let me tell you... Their chicken is AMAZING!!
I have never tasted chicken this delicious!!!
Their Filet is also amazing.
I just added my own little secret seasoning and my dinner guests said it was the best steak they ever had... Watch out, I'm coming back!!

I signed up for Yelp to write this review.
I am shocked by all the amazing reviews of this place.
I was there on 10/1/12 drove out of my way based on all the 5 star reviews to be met with bad customer service and even more awful products.
The display cases looked good but that is not the product I unwrapped when I got home.
I asked for full boneless skinless chicken breasts (I clarified with him that I wanted 4 breasts, split and trimmed) those 4 chicken breasts weighed only a little over a pound???
they were scrawny and dried out.
I have been to Butcher Bob's and the same 4 breasts weighed almost 4 pounds.
Next came the pork chops - they looked really good in the case - butterflied and about an inch thick, pink and beautiful...I wanted 4 of them, again I took the package out of the bag and started laughing.
The package with the 2 chops in it was about the size of a deck of cards.
The ones in the case were each an inch think about about 8"x6", and again the ones in my bag looked mutilated.
I am new to the area and looking for a butcher...this place will not be it.
I am really dissappointed after the reviews...won't be back, and will tell me friends to stay away...glad I only purchased $30, could only imagine what they would have done to my steaks.
Looks like I will be driving back to see Butcher Bob!

If I was going to eat meat, I wouldn't buy it here...not a bit of it is organic or grass-fed or even humanely raised...BUT I do go here to get our cat and dog food...yes, that's hypocritical, I know, but it's kind of like recycling ('cause they're using parts to make it).
They have frozen 1 lb containers of GROUND raw meat with BONES!!!
We get the chicken.
This saves me from having to do the dirty work of grinding it myself.
Plus, my cats and dog are all relatively small, so we can feed the three cats and dog on a container a day...works out to about a buck fifty...a very good deal.
They sell frozen hearts separately for the furry friends too.
They also now carry a selection of WILD meat...YEA!!!
I've tasted a bit...mostly en route to my little one's gullet.
But it's expensive.
Good thing only the furry creatures in our house eat meat regularly!
(p.s.
I know folks are raving about the BBQ here...but I can't help thinking they haven't ever been to Memphis, TN (the epicenter of amazing BBQ).
Comparatively, this is not good BBQ.
If you're desperate, ok...but Honey Bear's better in a pinch.

People are calling it "pricey", but compared to the same quality meat you would buy at a grocery store I've found Hobe is actually LESS expensive.
Consider there are different scales of quality, Prime being the best.
I don't even think you can get Prime cuts at Safeway and other markets.
AJ's and other high-end markets sell Prime beef and is more expensive than Hobe.
Next, get your THANKSGIVING TURKEY at Hobe!
Best possible quality and not all turkey's are the same.
You won't regret it.
Lastly, I get my dogs their bones at Hobe.
They cut them to best fit the size of your dog.
I keep them in the freezer and give them to my dogs frozen.
They work on those bones for weeks.
Thanks Hobe!

Went in to check it out as I have heard about them online....Staff was friendly, helpful and answered all my question's.
I bought a pound of  cheddar jalapeno bratwurst.
It was EXCELLENT!
I also bought frozen chicken for my English Bull Dog.

We had a Groupon, so we gave this place a try.
It is a small shop.
And the Groupon is only valid on the PRIME cuts (which is, of course, the most expensive).
We have not yet grilled the steaks, but we did try the linquica sausage (it was very salty).
I will update this review after we've tried the steaks.
They look to be of good quality, so I am looking forward to it.

Might be some of the best hot dogs I've ever had.
Thank goodness for their active participation with Living Social and Groupon - allows me to shop here.

Hobe employs excellent butchers.
I have been buying my meat here for years and this shop keeps getting better.
I often buy the packages because they have some really great deals.
Some of my favorites are the Ribeye, Tri tip, Sirloin, Butterfly Porkchops, Chicken Breast, and of course the Applewood Smoked Thick Cut Bacon!
They will give you cooking advise and recipe tips if you are in need.
They don't just stop at meat though, you can get  wonderful BBQ Sauce, pre-made Twice Baked Potatoes, Sweet Corn (in season) and all sorts of Marinades.
They also carry raw pet food and great doggie bones.
The Saturday special is not only a great deal, but some of the best BBQ in Phoenix.

Where do I begin?
I walked in with a $50.00 Groupon and walked out with two rather large ribeyes.
At first I was stunned and I did call this place "Pricey".
Thank goodness for Groupons because I might not have gone back.
That was two years ago and I can honestly say that  I have not purchased "meat " anywhere else.
Obviously,  I have eaten at restaurants and have had deli-meat sandwiches during that time, but my day to day evening meals have been provided by Hobe Meats.
My recommendations are: ANYTHING prime-cut, hot Italian sausages (OMG), Big Thick Pork chops (GREAT for stuffing!!!
)  Applewood Bacon (Best I have ever had!
I tried something sinful with this by roasting the bacon with brown sugar and finely chopped pecans.
Beware,  that is all I am gonna say about that... mmmm Pig-Candy...)    OK, back to reality, The whole chickens there are fresh and great for roasting and however else I might want to cook the little beasties.
In short, I am glad I went back after my initial sticker-shock.
The difference in price (really not that much) is worth every penny, They have monthly specials I take advantage of, and if there are any Groupon offers,  I ALWAYS buy as many of those as I can.
Trust me, give this place a shot, but be forwarned,  you may not be able to go to your local grocer for what they pass off as meat anymore.
Just sayin'...

Hobe Meats, you guys made me look like a SUPERSTAR with that awesome standing rib roast I picked up for Christmas dinner.
After reading all of the awesome reviews I knew that this was THE place to go to make sure my uber-carnivorous family were happy campers and we were not disappointed.
We paid more than we would have at the market but for the quality of the meat, we got more than our money's worth.
The huge hunk of meat I brought home roasted up quickly to a tender juicy bit of heaven that gave Mastro's a run for their money.
If red meat is not your thing they have poultry, seafood, brats and other sausage as well as a variety of sauces and marinades.
There is even raw food for the four legged members of your family and the staff are friendly and ready to give preparation advice to make sure that your meat du jour comes out perfect.
If The Bradys lived in Phoenix, Alice would have kicked Sam to the curb and gotten her meat from Hobe!

How do I even begin to describe how great the meat is here?
Everthing is so good here, the ribeyes are to die for.
Once grilled juicy and delicious!!

Got a Groupon, but this place just jacks up their prices so its not really a deal.
Meat was discolored in the case?
Fresh?
I think not.

Maybe I wouldn't know about Hobe Meats (pronounced Hoe-bee Meets) if I didn't work nearby or enjoy the occasional Groupon, but I'm glad I know.
Since last year, they've added a fresh coat of paint to the place, brightened it up and added a few more items to the freezer of exotic meats.
The thing to buy here is beef.
I'll gladly pay $120 for a 3 bone prime grade standing rib roast because when you taste the difference between this and what you get at your grocery store, you know where the extra money went.
Same goes for the ribeyes.
This is the only place in the whole damn state of Arizona that sells chopped cherry peppers for sammiches, too and I have missed those since I left home to move here almost two years ago.

If you are looking for a good quality steak go here and spend the extra money.
i got a rib eye, 2 newyork strips, and a petite filet for $52.
its more expensive than going to the supermarket but less expensive than going out to eat.

I'm shocked about all the 4/5 star reviews here... unless the owner only treated me like crap.
I got a Groupon a while back and my bad, I let it expire.
I went to Hobe to at least use it for the face value of what I paid, and the owner told me I couldn't do that unless I spend another $50 there.
WHAAAAT?
I was forced to spend more money to redeem the money that I spend there?
I then told him of Groupon's policy that the money I spent on the voucher shouldn't expire, nor should I be forced to buy more stuff from him.
He then simply said, I can't use it.
Feeling piiiissed as hell, I still bought stuff.
Honestly, their stuff is so expensive, spending $50 there is nothing.
THEN he proceeded to tell me I can only pick from a small section of meats (the cheaper stuff) for my Groupon face value amount.
That was never stated on the Groupon.. but I figured at this point, there was no way he was going to do anything to accommodate me, the customer.
I am seriously shocked no one has experienced this but me.
But I ate the meat, it was decent.
Wasn't earth shattering.
Anyhooo, NEVER am I coming back to this place just because of his shady business practices.

This could very possibly be the BEST meat I have EVER bought!
We bought the group-on first.
We went in and they told us this side was the group-on case.
I thought "yea the group-on side.
" I took home two bone in Rib eyes.
UNBELIEVABLY GOOD!
Two weeks later I was still thinking about them.
So I invite friends over.
I go and purchase a 3" thick center cut Porterhouse.
($89.00).
SEAR, ROAST, GRILL, REST.
I mean my buddy and I literally jumped up and down as we sliced off pieces before plating.
"DUDE!!!!!!!
" We kept saying "DUDE!!!!!!!!
" No butter just salt and pepper.
I'm going back for more.
The $89.00 was a gift!

Saturday BBQ lunch...not much else to say but AMAZING and we'll be back for some more ribs!!!!

I've been there 2-3 times, enough to give them a chance and enough to know i'm not going back for meat purchases.
Not very friendly service and way overpriced.
I've found better service, better cuts, and 50% of the price.
Heck i've been to a Bashas meat counter and have found a warmer smile and more knowledgable staff.
I had a groupon for one trip and if I had a groupon again, I would not go back.
That said, their Sat BBQ smelled really good and I can't say no to really good BBQ.
I will be making a trip back strictly for BBQ and will give them a 2nd review.

Awesome meats awesome staff!
Will return!

my husband and I bought a groupon-drove over 33 miles.
nowhere on the coupon did it say that the product was pre-packaged and frozen.
shop was quite dingy and not very appetizing.
if we hadn't driven so far and paid $50 we wouldn't have used it.
hopefully the product tastes better than it looked.

My favorite Saturday treat is when my husband gets me the pulled pork sandwich and fries from Hobe.
Excellent lunch for only $5!
They also have outstanding barbecue sauce- we got a habanero one and it has a nice kick to it.
One of my favorite lunch spots!

Outstanding fresh meat.
I bought some Tri-tip, Venison and baby back ribs for the first time.
I usually buy meat at Costco, but was just delighted with BBQ results, and everyone at the party kept saying how fresh the meat tasted.
I am from now on a returning customer.

Recently bought a groupon for $50 to get the meat sampler($100 value).
Called about 2 weeks in advanced to ask if they could freeze the meat before picking it up and was told they could not.
Called again the day we were going to pick it up and asked if they needed advance notice to pick up the order and was told no because it's all frozen.
I had been planning to cook the 4 chicken breasts that night so it was a little upsetting.
When we got there we asked if we could get the chicken breast fresh and they said they could see if any that had been prepackaged that day was not fully frozen but could not give us the chicken from the case in front.
She was able to find one that was barely frozen(thawed before we got home).
and bagged up the sampler and we were on our merry way.
Only used the chicken and 4 of the steaks so far but both where phenominal.
The biggest disappointment was the size of the chicken breasts(total weight was under 1 pound).
Otherwise it was a great deal that if made available again i will definitely purchase as the quality of meat is superb in my humble opinion.
Other than the confusion and size of chicken breasts it's a great place to get your meat.

I bought a Living Social coupon and I was limited to the prime meats, which I did not see, but that may be my fault.
The prices seemed high being I received $60 in product which included two pounds of Tri-Tip, one pound Chorizo and two 1 lb T-Bones.
I was happy with that.
I cooked the Tri-Tip it was good and tender we enjoyed our meal.
Three nights later (no kids) we wanted the T-bones, but they stink.
We are afraid to cook them for fear of getting sick.
I am hoping for replacements but apparently you need to buy and eat that day.

Unfortunately I have to give them a one star because of the horrible meat I bought here.
I had to throw it away after I cooked it and cut it open.
I saw a green dot on each piece of the flank steak.
So I threw it away and my boyfriend and I had to rush to go out to dinner before our plans that night.
I made filet mignon that I bought there last night and it had a horrible smell.
I felt fine after but it had such a weird smell.
I will be continuing to buy my meat from costco or fry's from now on.

I have been twice now within a week and the guys here are great.
They listen and serve up some excellent food.
The Saturday 5.00 specials are delicious and prepared fresh to order.
I will be going down there to get my meat from now on....way to go Hobe Meat Guys

I bought twice from them.
When asked, they seem to know what they are talking about, but gave short and curt replies.
While their meat was tender, it still had too much gristle and other unchewable parts that were not trimmed.
I bought the boneless prime rib the first time and the new york steaks the second time.
Spent over $67 each time for a few steaks.
Each time, the meat had untrimmed gristle and other parts that you do not find at steaks you order at steakhouses.
The staff acted bored and let you know that they wanted you to hurry up, make your buy, and then leave.
They seemed really bored and dis-interested in selling their meats.
The lady who was working the hardest was the exception as she seemed enthusiastic and friendly while the guys acted like they would rather be anywhere but there.
Since there are a lot of places to buy meats that are just as good as Hobe, but the where the staff acts like they appreciate selling to the customers who show up and where they sufficiently trimmed their meats, I'd rather go to those other places instead of Hobe who has nice prime cut meats but leave their meats not trimmed enough thus leaving the customer with too much gristle.

Just picked up some dog food, burgers and chicken - they were pretty busy (due to the Saturday BBQ special), but we were helped right away, got great service and were on our way.

I visited this shop on a Saturday about 11:15 AM, big mistake!
The shop borders a restaurant and another shop, they only have 2 designated parking spots and its VERY tight!!
Your doors will be dinged so park away from building.
They had 2 tables to eat lunch on the side walk in front of the 2 parking spots and VERY cramped!
Safety wise, this is an accident waiting to happen, no barriers if the person parking guns the gas instead of the brakes, the people sitting at the tables will be crushed.
The shop was busy, very confusing and VERY cramped.
The picture is deceiving, its very cramped.
I ordered 4 New York strips and a boneless rump roast, $83.00 After being stressed out from parking and ordering the items I do have to say the steaks were VERY, VERY good!
Great taste and very tender, in fact these could have been the best steaks I ever purchased in Arizona.
I cooked the roast for taco and burrito meat, awesome flavor.
I will go back, during a weekday mid morning or afternoon.
I will remind the owner again about the safety issue out front and to ask for additional parking spots.
BTW, many people were buying meats with the groupon coupons, all were confused about the process and to be honest, it seems like a rip off but I don't use coupons and I could be wrong.

I am always on the lookout for responsibly raised meats.
This place has a great selection, friendly staff, and an awesome Saturday BBQ deal.
You can also request they cook up a steak if you're not interested in the menu items.
Plus, they work with the Belly app so you get points they add up to free stuff over time, awesome local butcher!

This was my second experience with Hobe and it will be my last.
Since I just brought the items home today, I cannot comment on taste or texture.
I CAN comment on lousy customer wervice.
Since I am disabled I bought a Groupon coupon and asked a coupole of friends to pick up what I needed.
What I needed was ground beef and bacon.
Turns out they were unable to se the $50.00 on either ground beef or bacon.
They bought for me two steaks, neither of which I am excited about since I don't cook/eat a lot of steak.
One of my friends even asked if they could grind the steaks to make the meat I really wanted -- they refused.
Very  poor customer service and VERY high prices.
Never again!

Awfull,steaks are $23 each.
Also, they would not grind a steak at all for an elderly person, place is too expensive.

My favorite place to purchase meat!
Everyone is always so helpful and friendly.
Today I purchased three ribeye and can't wait to grill them.
My husband and I also stopped in for their Saturday BBQ.
Simply amazing!!
We shared the tri tip sandwich with fries, ribs with potato salad, and two drinks.
It was only $10!
You can't beat that deal

I stopped in to use my Groupon last week and left with four top sirloins (two strips and two rounds), a pound of chorizo (SO good for breakfast burritos), and some jerky for the road.
The experience was good; I got there before the crowd which was nice.
It is a small shop so it gets cramped easily but that's nothing to hold against it.
In the case they had a variety of pork cuts, sausages, salmon (which looked iffy), sea bass, and of course all the beef.
We cooked the two strips for dinner, and ended up sharing one because they were so big.
The second one is sliced thin on a salad for lunch today...not gonna lie, I'm pretty excited.
The steaks were the high quality I expected--very tender and flavorful.
I pulled them off the grill a little early, so next time I will probably let them sit another minute or two.
I only used a bit of oil, salt and pepper on them and the husband didn't opt for A1.
Win!
We had the chorizo the next day...cooked it up, scrambled eggs right into it, and stuffed it into tortillas with cheese.
Perfect.
I won't be able to get ALL our meat here, but it's worth it for a celebration or "better-than-$50-restaurant-steak" night.

Popped in on a whim.
The staff was beyond helpful.
While the prices are a little bit more than say, Fry's, the meat is WAY better.
Obvious that they take pride in what they do there.
The selection of meat is more than I expected.
The bacon was awesome- still waiting to try the brats.
Definitely will go back and support our local businesses (if for nothing else than the customer service was stellar!

We used a groupon to try this place out.
I am very pleased and will shop there again.
It's hard finding a good butcher shop, we've been to many.
I'm glad we now know about Hobe.
We had the NY strip tonight and it was just perfect with just salt and pepper.

We love Hobe meats.
For awhile we were buying most of our meat there and recently just got out of the habit since we got busy with life, but I plan to start again.
We were making it a family tradition to hit up Hobe on Saturday when they had their BBQ as well.
For $5 you can get fun little lunch after you stock up on meat for the week.
They are helpful in suggesting new cuts of meat to try and give you suggestions on how to prepare them.
The staff is very friendly and helpful and they often have groupons so you can save $ there too.

I really enjoy coming here.
The staff is friendly and helpful and they serve BBQ every Saturday for lunch.
Coming from the Midwest where my family would butcher our own steer for meat I'm pretty particular about my steaks which is why I come here.
You will pay a little more per lb but you get what you pay for.
The beef is good Midwestern high quality, and well marbled.
My test of any meat market is asking about where the meat comes from and how long the meat has been aged.
If you don't know what I'm talking about with aging, you're still just a novice but Hobe passed with flying colors being very knowledgable about all aspects.
Keep you eye open for Groupons also as they do deals every once in a while.

I absolutely love Hobe Meats.
Make sure you check out the number of deal sites and pick up a coupon because it can help offset the price of the meat.
My first experience was when I purchased three Ribeyes for Christmas Eve dinner last year - I couldn't eat them due to just having surgery, but my family enjoyed them and so I made a vow I would go back when I could have meat.
I found a deal on Amazon Local for a $100 meat pack for $50.
The meat was good, but the best part of that purchase was the 2 fillets I bought.
My wife and I like to visit Flemings when we want a great night out and I was proud to say the fillets and my grilling ability matched what we would get at Flemings for $60/each.
I love the sausage and brats.
They are huge and three feeds our family with leftovers.
I bought some sea bass from them and will be cooking it for my in-laws as they don't eat red meat.
I assume the sea bass will be excellent!
Take the trip - it's worth it.

Visiting from California and happened to bump into this place.
Best lunch ever!
Make sure to make it in on Saturday for a $6 BBQ plate!
I had the cheese burger!
Best ever!

I'm not going to ding them any stars, but I did see their latest Groupon deal is not as good as past deals.
Usually it's $25 for $50 worth of prime beef.
Now the current special is $35 for $50.
A tip I learned yesterday was to buy the Groupon for Prime Beef and then call them 48 hrs.
before your trip to the store and ask for #7 The Primo - it's currently $160 for basically every cut of their prime meat - you can use the Prime Beef Groupon or any other sites Prime Beef discount on that package - so the cost before tax is $145 (including the cost of the Groupon).
Priced out individually though - like I made the mistake of doing yesterday it would be $210 before tax.
Pretty good deal - end up coming out to $14.50 per pound and that includes their to di for Filet.
I did do a comparison on this with Wal-Mart choice meats and Wal-Mart prices for the same amount of beef (even though it's rare to find filet) was $140.
So ask yourself would you like Prime beef from an awesome Butcher Shop or Choice Beef from Wal-Mart?
Still great value.

My wife and I have grown tired of grocery meat that just has no flavor, and isn't exciting to eat.
I've been looking for a good butcher shop, so when I heard about this from a friend at work I had to go try it out!
I went on Friday afternoon 6/6/14 and spent 65$.
2x NewYork Strip (34$ for 2, no bone), 2x Petite Sirloins, 2x Pork Chops, 1lb Hamburger, and 2x Split Chicken Breasts.
No coupons...
I was expecting to see bright freshly cut meat through through the display case, but it didn't look so fresh.
Maybe it was dim lighting or something, but I wasn't too impressed just off looks alone.
Grilled the NewYorks that night.
They were indeed kinda 'grey' when I took them out of the paper.
They had a bit of smell to them, but nothing to warrant they were bad.
Cooked them up and they tasted fantastic.
They grilled up really nice and developed their own crust which was very nice.
Wife said it was some of the best steak we have made at home.
Saturday was the pork chops.
Nothing special to write about here...  Sunday was the Hamburger.
Made patties and grilled it up.
Pretty tasty.
Wife really loved it, I was kinda on the fence, but it was good.
Monday was the Chicken.
Now this is where it gets weird... the chicken had a really strange smell to it, kinda vinegary....
I cleaned it up and then grilled it.
No real special seasoning as we were looking to try it straight up.
Now I don't know if I am pre-disposed to genetically modified Chicken or what, but this chicken tasted very strange.
Almost to the point where my wife and I looked at each other and wondered if this was ok to eat after the first bite.
It was thoroughly cooked, so we chowed it down.
It had a very odd/strange taste.
If someone told me it was chicken, I wouldn't have believed them.
Would not get again.
The petite sirloins went into the freezer, and they have been in there for about a week now.
Will probably take them out this weekend to give it ago.
Did not try the sausages.
The freezer case had all kinds of interesting stuff in there including bison/buffalo, alligator, shark, and other exotics...
Some of it looked a little freezer burned tho with ice crystals forming in the packaging which to me is passed the time they need to be in there, and tossed...  Im not too sure about this place.
I really wanted this place to work, because I really want a good butcher shop to visit on a regular basis.
Not sure if they age their meat, which is why they don't look so vibrant, or what, but the Steaks is what to get.
For now Ill continue to stick with Fresh and Easy with their meat until I find another place.
If Im looking for something exotic, their freezer section may be the place to go check out!

