Always try to sell my wife a new air filter or something she doesn't need.
Last time didn't have vouchers for promo with my wife.
I go 20 minutes later & they have them.

Nothing special, but fast wash.
I was in and out -- unusual for a weekend day.

They do a pretty good job with the car wash but they are always inspecting my windshield and trying to do repairs through my insurance which is kind of annoying.

Absolutely horrendous!!
I went in with a little bit of mud around the fenders of my CUV, they chafed an extra $5 because they would need to hose off the tracks after my car went through.
Really?
That's ridiculous.
Then when they said my car was ready I get in and look at the floor and there is still dirt everywhere...did they even vacuum it out?
I told the workers that it was still dirty inside and they told me I just got the basic wash...so I pay you idiots $18 dollars to not clean my car.
Holy cow.
I'm never going back.
Awful customer service.
Try to upscale you on everything.
Never going back.
You shouldn't go either.
You'll probably receive better customer service from the ghetto machine only car wash right across the street.

BEWARE!
Took my brand new 2013 Denali here for a simple in and out.
Came out with the drivers window scratched inside.
Management told me tough luck.

I've used the Scottsdale Genie location for a while now, and haven't been disappointed.
So I decided to save a little time & use this location today.
I paid for "The Works" car wash.
When I got my car back:  1) the carpets and seats were poorly vacuumed (lots of visible stuff all over)  2) my floor mats had not been cleaned (just shaken off, plenty of dirt still present),  3) the windows were poorly cleaned  4) the glass sunroof was VERY water-spotted.
To top it all off, my car has 2 hooks that locate the drivers floor mat.
This is so that the floor mat doesn't get tangled up with the pedals.
In the process of removing my floor mat one of these gizmo's was TORN OFF of the steel floor pan.
Mind you, there's no lock, snap or anything, it's just a little stub that fits into a hole in the floor mat.
You just lift up the mat & out it comes.
What possessed the person who tore it out I can only wonder.
It must have taken a LOT of force to tear out this retainer: WHY did they keep on pulling on the mat?
Especially given the lousy cleaning job done on the mats to begin with.
Well, at least they didn't throw the part away...
I discovered it when it got caught UNDER THE GAS PEDAL as I was driving home!
I'll be staying away from this car wash in future.

Lack of Detail car wash I went for the 49.99 hand wax detail.
Brought in a $15 coupon for 49.99 or more detail.
Could not use it as $11 dollars were for the wash and wax(detail) was $38.
Watched them wipe on and off a wax solution haphazardly for 5 minutes then stand around talking.
I was as if they were spreading sunscreen on the car, not waxing it proper.
Wow,  $38 for that with some wax and dirt still on the car.
I suggest you get the cheapest wash then do the rest yourself.
I spent 30 minute detailing my car after.
I got out the tar, bug, and dirt marks with easy and within seconds.
Never again.
I did the interior previously, so they did not touch the inside.
A previous experience was just as bad.
The carpets were soaked/drenched in solution.
Left the carpets crusty.
My bad for this second "detail" chance.
Again just stick with the cheap wash and you should be content with that.

Clean & quick, wax job expensive, $50 for my Quad cab truck  Covered dry area.
Crew doesn't drive away excess H2O from bed.
They do blow out vehicle creases.
They get a "B".
They clean the windows good, but could spend more time on each vehicle the slower it is.
The cleaning crew dies job in & out of the bed to dry the top & clean back windows.
Nice job Genie.

Do a good job but try to up sell me and rip me off every time.
And they take freaking forever!

Poor job vacuuming, they didnt even remove the mats.
Passable job on interior.
I just hope they used the correct oil with the oil change.
Overall not a very good job for the price.
Won't be back.
(two stars for the interior wipe down.

I have been here many times and this was the last straw.
The guy writing me was extremely impersonal.
Barely spoke to me and tried to charge me double for service that was offered to me for $40 a week ago.
WTF!!!
It seemed that a lot of customers were unhappy and had to correct errors from the services they had paid for.
My vehicle was no different.
They missed spots I asked special attention be paid toward.
I will not visit this location again.
That's sucks because it is less that 2 miles from my house.
EPIC FAIL!!!

What a foolish excuse; it's run more like a carnival than a business.
I've gone their for years.
Today I couldn't communicate to the detailers to roll my windows down a bit to wipe the window edges.
I walked up to the manager, "Dustin," with my five dollar tip in my hand and said, "I'd love to tip someone if I could get them to wipe off my window edges.
" Dustin first let me know that, "hey, they don't speak English, so what do you want?
" (with a grin and a dismissive shrug).
Then he let me know that it was against owner's policy  and that he would lose his job if he had the window edges wiped.
I said I thought that was ridiculous.
THEN he said if "you want the window edges wiped that's a two dollar charge.
You have to pay two dollars for that.
"  This was silly, especially because I'm standing there holding a $5 bill I'm trying to give someone.
At that point the little guy was up in my face and was very confrontational.
So I said that I know BS when I hear it, and the verbal exchange went downhill from there.
Needless to say, I didn't get my window edges wiped and the staff didn't get a tip.
I just think its odd that a so-called "business" owner would encourage his staff to be so obnoxious over trivial stuff; but from the other comments it sounds like the owner is an incredible jerk and that certainly is communicated by his staff.
The other revolting attitude was the racist contempt Dustin and his assistants have for the Hispanic detailers; that really came through loud and clear.
We have this gigantic immigration problem caused by business owners hiring illegals.
Then, rather than being grateful for inexpensive, hardworking help they cultivate this abusive attitude toward them.
These superior and arrogant white guys are shameful and disgusting in their attitudes.
Don't waste your time and money on this bunch of racist carnies.
They are as nasty to their staff as they will be to you.

