Originally posted 4/11/2009.
Edit - 1/17/2012: I originally gave this place four stars.
I'm not sure why.
This place is closer to a 2.5 star, but since we don't get half-star rating on Yelp, two it is).
It's not terrible, but it's definitely not exceptional.
Service has never been particularly warm and friendly.
Bottom line: it'll do if you're in a rush and just want a slice.

Either people in Gilbert don't know shit about pizza, or these reviews are fake.
The pizza was made with cheap ingredients.
The sausage was something you would find on a $2 frozen pizza.
Nothing about the pizza was impressive.
I would rather eat papa johns.
There was no friendly guy working there, just a grumpy Romanian guy with a unibrow on his cell phone.
It was dark and hot in the restaurant - we were all sweating.
Avoid this place for sure.

The $3.50 lunch special sounded like such a great deal.
Lesson learned, you get what you pay for (or maybe less).
Pizza had been sitting too long and was burnt.
You should be able to fold a slice but these were so hard the crust was cardboard.
I had to leave my meal early when a worker started smoking right outside the door and stunk up the place.
Thanks for the economics lesson Prima.
I give you 2 stars because at least you didn't make me ill.

I really like this pizza.
There are days when it is hit or miss and I agree that is not a good thing, but on the hit days and for me, even on the miss days, I love this pizza!
I told my boyfriend that if I moved away, I would probably crave this place.
Instead of trying the $3 lunch special to judge this place, try ordering a pizza for take out.
That way you try the delicious ooey-gooey pizza fresh and delicious in all of its splendor!
To add, they have probably the best ranch sauce ever so be sure to get some to dip your pizza in, it adds to the awesome-ness.
Also - great for hang overs... just sayin'!

Meh, it was ok.
Customer service lacked.
Went to place my order and I got to the pizza and he quickly said 15 min, and then walked and came back and I ordered the fried mushrooms which were ok.
Overall, the price was decent, $18.50 for a large and an appetizer.
It's close to my house, but don't know if I'd go back.
Maybe on a lunch break..

If you like Dominos, Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, New York Pizza Dept or any of the 1000 different pizza places in Arizona then don't bother stopping at Prima Pizza.
Prima Pizza is the real deal!
Hands down I have not had better pizza anywhere in Arizona.
You will not get fancy seats or sexy waitresses in fact some of you might find the owners to come across a bit grumpy.
Don't let it fool you this is home made pizza from some great guys that know how to cook.
I highly recommend the pepperoni pizza well done and the steak special sandwich.
Let them cook it and make it how it was intended to be made and I would be shocked if you did not fall in love with it.
Visit 2, 3 or maybe 5 times and eventually the owners will start to give you the attention you have to earn.
Sometimes I go twice a week and I never get tired of it.
If you are from back east this is a place that will remind you of home.
Just go and try the dang pizza.
My entire family loves it and about everyone at work goes there regularly even though it is out of the way.

I thought this was great pizza!
It's just what I've been looking for since moving to AZ.
We got their large pizza and wing special to take home.
The crust is homemade and delicious.
The cheese was plentiful and the pepperoni nice and crispy.
It was a little on the greasy side, but nothing a paper napkin and some blotting won't take care of.
We will definitely return.

We did return and the pizza was even greasier than the first time.
It took 3 paper towels to blot up all the grease.
It was just too much.
We will not be going back again.

I love this ghetto pizza palace.
They don't have menus (that I could see).
It's on that kind of black marquee board with the white letters (you know, snack bar style).
The pizza was cheap, fast and the crust was crispy without being burnt, and the pepperoni and cheese melted wonderfully without being too salty.
I am SOOOOO glad I won over my friend's bid for Domino's.
ick.
Plus it's right by my office.
Yay!

This place is surprisingly good.
Service was.....interesting.
But pizza was fresh out of the oven and tasted good.
I'll be back again.

The Pizza is great.
It is truly New York style Pizza....Could use a face lift but pizza and wings were great...........no atmosphere but again the pie is wonderful.
Take out is best

I guess my pizza was better than Domino's or Pizza Hut, but I wouldn't likely eat here again, which is unfortunate because it's so close to my office.
My pizza was made with cheap ingredients and tasted like it.
The breading wasn't anything to write home about either.
Not sure where all the 4- and 5-star reviews are coming from... Clearly they're either faked, customers don't know the difference between crap pizza and quality pizza, or they've downgraded their ingredients since then (2 weeks ago in reference to Joey B's 5-star review!).
Poor Joey wouldn't know good pizza if it gave him a reach around!
If you want amazing New York-style pizza in Mesa, go to Venezia's (venezias.com) and if you want the best New York-style pizza in Arizona, go to Joe's (eatatjoesny.com) in Scottsdale.

Well I have to say.....EXTREMELY impressed!
Stopped by here tonight for dinner with the wife and was greeted with open arms by the new owner.
Made us feel right at home discussing items on the menu with us and giving us suggestions.
Sometimes you never know how the quality may get with a new owner, but I can tell you that the food is phenomenal!
I had the Calzone Special (basically a calzone filled with all sorts of yummy deliciousness) and my wife had the Chicken Parmesan Sandwich (which of course I had to sample as well).
The only thing I think this place could use are cots in the back....  you get some much damn food, you wanna take a nap when your done!!
MY KIND OF PLACE!

Went here because my son said it was AWESOME.
Well he was right for once in his life:) New owners are happy to be there and treated every customer like a true customer.
The pizza was very good!
I am a pizza snob and believe most pizza out west is revolting.
This is good pizza!
Crust was perfect and the sausage was even better.
Did I mention the beer was super cold and comes in frosted mugs?
Pardon a little bit of remodel dust.
Many reviews mention that this place is a hole in the wall.
It looks like the new owners are going to change that.
I look forward to going back and watch them grow.
Plenty of other things on menu I need to try.

I feel like I lost a good friend....What happened???
Prima Pizza has been my "go to" local pizza place for many years.
Much to my surprise I walked in to see different faces and a state of confusion by the new folks.
I had ordered a pepperoni pizza, I saw it come out of the oven and the new cook sees that it does not have any pepperoni on it and proceeds to put it in the box, slices it, and then lays the cold pepperoni on it!
I called him on it and asked him to cook it longer.
He did.
Ugh.....
I was already upset at the fact that this was not the place I had grown to love.
The crust was tough and thicker than before, and I won't even talk about toppings!
Not Prima Pizza at all.
Maybe they'll work out the kinks, I sure hope so...and I will try again.

New owners, 'old recipe' (per the new owner), NOT the same.
I will give this another go, but today I was thoroughly unimpressed.
Guess I'll make the drive on down to Casanova Brothers again.
--thoughts after initial update to review--  Here is the thing.
The place was a dirty, hole in the wall, REAL New York pizza joint with a just shy of rude owner (which is what you expect for the place).
Walk in, "whaddayawant", throw some gigantic slices of cheese pizza in the oven and continue the phone conversation in some other language.
Now it is cleaned up, big A frame sign with smilie face drawings that reads "Prima Pizza Bistro", and pizza made with cheap ingredients.
People did not come here for a "bistro", we came here for some grease to your elbow NY pizza.
I have eaten here since the place opened, I will not be back.
For Yelpers looking for a good NY pizza joint, I no longer recommend this place.
Cruise on past and go to Casanova Brothers.
They are better than Prima was before, far better than now.
I am really sad to see this place change hands and change the quality.
You should not change what is not broken.

Stopped in for lunch and to watch Sunday football.
New owner has several new TV'S.
Interior has been updated and looks great.
This restaurant is a great find.
Food is great, too.

I love this new place I discovered yesterday!!
I was my first time in there and was impressed!!
The pizza was made with fresh ingredients!!
Huge pizza!!
I will definitely be back and had great deals on beer!!
Don't listen to these bad reviews, go there yourself and you'll see what I mean.....

Thank you for the New TVs in the dining room...Four Peaks Kiltlifter and Great pizza and wings.
New favorite place.
See you again Sunday for the game.

The service here is awesome.
The owner makes you feel welcome and appreciated.
Pizza is made fresh.
It is good pizza and the service makes it great.
The wings are awesome.

