A fine dining experience or a drive-through window for fast, delicious Thai food!
Everything I've tried on the menu is delightful!
My personal favorite is the Evil Jungle Princess noodles.
The chef allows you to select "mild, medium or spicy" for your entre.
The appetizers, particularly the fried tofu, are delicious and perfect for that short wait before your main dish is served.
Most menu items are under $10.
There is virtually no wait ever for seating.
They have several wines and beers to choose from, in addition to their enormous menu.
This is *five star* dining at *two star* pricing!

I agree w/ Heather, the Evil Jungle Princess is a great dish.
My daughter gets it w/ the noodles, I get it with the rice.
Facility seems cleaner than the norm for most of the Asian restaurants in my area.
For dessert I like the fried bananas or Angel Sweet gelato (which is on the opposite corner).

Exotic aromas teased my palate upon entry.
The dining area was bustling, but the one waitress (who also served as hostess, cashier and table busser) operated most efficiently.
The lunch special prices are agreeable, even to the most penny-pinching niggard in your party, at under $7, and come with soup, an egg roll and a couple of fried won-tons.
Their phad thai portion was about twice the size of their curry specials.
This place gets busy around 12:30, so be sure to arrive before 12:15, or stroll in after 12:45.
I watched heartbroken as a strikingly tall blond, sporting intriguing body art, turned and walked out the door once she realized there were no open tables.
My outward demeanor was sullen, while inside I was screaming: "You maniacs!
You blew it!
Damn you!
Damn you all to hell!
", as I pounded the table with my fists.
Great food, but can get a little loud.
I highly recommend Thai Rama, even if you have to endure the grating vocal stylings of an insecure nit-wit who feels compelled to laugh at every insignificant comment uttered from those dirty apes she strolled in with.

Went in for a take out (this seems to be a habit with me these days)...  Yellow Curry Chicken with rice Sticky rice & peanut sauce  Fast & friendly service, tasty food, nice atmosphere.
I'll be back.

The kids and I stopped here for dinner and enjoyed our food.
The atmosphere was nice but a little heavy on the color mauve for my taste.
We had paht thai, sticky rice and evil jungle noodles with tofu.
We ordered the paht thai with no spice to the kids preference and the evil jungle monkey noodles I ordered mild.
The red curry & coconut milk broth of the evil jungle monkey monkey noodles was very aromatic and flavorful.
I found that even mild the evil jungle monkey monkey monkey noodles had a distinctive spicy hotness.
The red curry used in the evil jungle monkey monkey monkey monkey noodles continued to build in hotness as I ate, so I would keep that in mind if you order the evil jungle monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey noodles.
I would definitely recommend Thai Rama when you're in the mood for Thai.
The next visit I will try other selections from their menu, although I did find the evil jungle monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey monkey noodles somewhat compelling.
I do find the name of the dish to be sort of odd.
What's evil about a bowl of noodles anyway?
Monkey.

This is by far the BEST Thai food you can get in Arizona.
The food is amazing.
I have tried several different options here including the hot and sour soup, pad Thai, coconut curry with tofu, a noodle dish with egg and basil and a tofu dish with broccoli.
I have never ever been disappointed!
The service is really good and quick, and the prices are right on par.
We used to come here for lunch about once a week when I worked closer, and I used to make a second trip with my roommate at least twice a month.
My old boss used to get a Thai Omelet... so if you are into those, you can ask for a special order!
OH YEAH...
I forgot, they have window service so you can actually order take out and never get out of your car!
It's awesome!

Monkey.

You can't beat the lunch deals.
15 different options and they are all good.
Most are $6.25 as of this review.
The lunch specials come with a really yummy chicken soup with ginger and a egg roll.
Both are good.
It is sometimes tough to get a group of 6 or more a table at peak lunch time (11:45).
If you have a big group get there by 11:15 or come after 12:15.
I haven't been there for dinner.

The food was ok... wasn't very special.
My wife asked for "Thai Hot" ... got maybe a medium.
I asked for "Medium Spice" and got hot.
The service is still horrible.
I moved out of state for 2 years and during that time, the service didn't get any better.
I had to get up and ask for my check because the waitress was busy talking to a co-worker.

The Thai place in the area.
I really enjoy the general feel of the place, the staff is very friendly and the remodeled facade makes it appear much classier.
The color and lighting are a nice balance of light and dark, giving the restaurant a comfortable, private aura without appearing cramped or dim.
While the dress code is casual, I'd feel perfectly comfortable coming here on somewhat dressy occasions.
I've eaten here many times and have never disliked the food.
Portions are generous while prices are low.
Unlike many other places I've been to, medium here actually is moderately spicy instead of "just short of our absolute spiciest".
The meat is always delicious whatever form you're eating it in, and the curries are spectacular.
Don't forget to get some Thai iced tea with your food!

I've got a serious lack of Thai food in my area, so it's always a nice treat to come here.
We do lunch here at least once when I'm in town.
Good quality Thai staples here - I almost always go with the basil chicken - and you do get the option of naming your spice level.
The heat levels are just about right, but I never quite push it to the limits.
Plates are a good size for the money, and everything I've had or tried has been worth it.
They are closed on the king's birthday, so that's a big plus on the authentic Thai scale.

Awesome Thai food!
Lunch time is worst time to go.
Try to be there between 11a and 11:30a or after 1p.
The wait staff are pretty busy but the food is worth the wait.
The restaurant is tidy and clean.
There was no food observed on the floor.
It tends to get loud when there's more than 15 people eating.
The acoustics weren't meant for a sit down restaurant as you will notice with their drive-thru.
Pricing is very reasonable for lunch.
The portions are very big.
Tofu was easily substituted for the chicken on the Pakh Thai.
Lunch for two of us with a soda came to around $15.
Remember to ask for extra napkins should you order your plate Hot or above.

I got on a Thai kick last summer and ate at this place 2 or 3 times a week for a month or so.
Service was friendly.
I tried different menu items each time and never found one I didn't like.
Consistantly good food and service.
They only had one Thai beer and that was in the bottle, bummer.
Atmosphere was OK.
I started using the take out window towards the end of my run and liked the convenience.
May be too convenient.

This is one of the better Thai restaurants in Arizona.
Their Pa Nang Curry is addictive and I have to have it 3x a month.
The restaurant is generally busy and the wait staff is a little slow, but they consistently make good food and are priced very reasonably.

I went with a group of women and we had a nice experience.
I ordered the salad rolls for an appetizer and was disappointed.
I didn't think they were very tasty at all and the dipping sauce was tasteless.
When my meal came I didn't get what I had ordered but was brought Pad Thai with tofu instead.
I didn't complain and very much enjoyed the Pad Thai.
I will go back again.

I've been to the phoenix Thai Rama several times, but since I've moved this location is closer to home.
I've never eaten inside, only done take out.
Both locations are awesome!
I always get the  Tohm Kah soup and Kattiam Pik Thai, both chicken, and very mild cause I'm a whimp.
My girlfriend gets the Paht Priaw Wahn, which she loves.
Its not that we don't want to try other items on the menu, but these are so amazing its hard to try anything else.
The soup is this strange buttery coconut mix that sounds like it wouldn't be good, but after the first time you try it, you'll start craving it, its an addiction.
The Kattiam Pik Thai chicken is juicy, and the portions are overly generous, same as the soup.
The sweet and sour paht priaw wahn with chicken is to quote my girlfriend "its delicious yummy and tasty, the chickens good, the sauce is good" shes eloquent, lol.
But getting her to love a food other than cheeseburgers is amazing, so this must be pretty damn good.
Theres a little drive up window just like a drive through, and its great, don't have to wait inside all awkward, but careful, the food is so hot it sometimes melts through the styrofoam containers!

Hallelujah!
Nothing saves you more when you live in suburbia than fabulous Thai food!
The Som Tum appetizer is the perfect starter - raw papaya, chili, lime, carrot, cabbage...fresh and zesty.
Their curry is superb but I stick by their pad thai, paht see iiew and kaprow are all you need...though there is something that is drawing me to try the evil jungle noodles.
Typical out of date decor and overtextured walls but all part of the experience!

I like Thai food.
I couldn't tell you what particular dish I like, as my habit is to simply request that they bring me the best dish.
I mean, why the hell would I take a stab in the dark.
Not like I know how to make it.
I went to TR today for lunch.
Being wise, we consulted Yelp and learned that we should get their early.
I'm glad we did, as we slid right into a table -- no waiting.
15 minutes later, the house was packed and the line was outside the door.
Yet never once did the waitstaff miss a beat.
The food?
Very good.
We ordered off the lunch menu, which always has a quick-serve air about it.
But it was very good.
Medium spice was just right, but some day when I'm adventurous, I may go up one level.

This is my favorite Thai place in the Phoenix valley.
Never had a bad experience here.
Every dish I've tried has been great,  the prices are reasonable and the portions are generous.
I always have leftovers to take home.
My recommendations are the Mussaman curry, the Phad Thai and wash it all down with a Thai tea.
For desert?
The mango sticky rice.
I think I'm going to have to go here for lunch today.

I'm no expert on Thai food.
I just know I love it and of all the places I've tried in the valley I like this place the best.
Great yellow curry and my wife and kids who like to keep it bland and simple can get the teriyaki chicken.

Thanks to all the yelpers whose reviews prompted a date night trip to Thai Rama!
Woo-freakin-hoo!!!!
We started with the beef satay, which was out of this world.
Perfectly seasoned and barbecued meat that was non stop good.
I had the Panang Curry with medium heat and was completely wowed.
Hubby's meal - a completely unpronounceable chicken dish with cashews, peanuts, water chestnuts, onion and pepper was similarly amazing.
Medium heat that was right on and a non-curry sauce that was to die for.
Neither one of us wanted to stop eating, but we did and were able to bring home leftovers...With tea, appy, meals and tip the whole thing came to 35 bucks!
OH MY G!!
We are so totally going back.
.. And we'll use the drive through window too!
GO.
Its totally worth the trip.

Okay, came here twice.
The young man that always waits our table is always nice, but a bit slow in service.
We usually have to get his attention to either get refills or box up food, but he's incredibly nice.
The Tom Yum Goong soup was ordered medium spicy, but came a bit too sour for the hubby's tastebuds.
I don't think he's used to having large bits of basil and bamboo in soup, which kinda made him gag.
Although I like that kind of stuff.
My iced water had a bug in it, not exactly appetizing..
The yellow curry was pretty good, but I come to realize something...do all the Thai places in Arizona serve/cook curry like this?
It almost seems a bit watered-down and too tangy...I guess maybe the recipe for curry is different from CA than AZ?
I think I'll have to visit House of Siam in the bay when I go to visit in a week.
Not bad, but very strange.
Hmmm.
The Pad Thai was pretty good, plenty proportions to take home, so I can't complain about that...a bit sour and thin (thought noodles would be thicker), but still good.
Crab fried rice was moist, tasty, but should not have been $13.50 for a plate.
I just didn't see what was so special other than it had small bits of crab in it.
We should have just gotten beef, chicken or pork fried rice for a fraction of the price.
Yummy, but a bit much..
I'm a thai food lover, but I think I'm going to try some other places before I vote for a favorite.

I am an out of towner, but when I visit my mom, we always come here for lunch.
The lunch specials are a great value.
I love the basil chicken, it has bamboo shoots.
I order it hot at an 8 out of 10 on the heat scale.
My mom loves the beef and green beans.
My husband Joe also likes the basil chicken, but he doesn't order it as hot as I do.
The food is fresh and the service is great.
My mom just told me they renovated the outside.
She said it looks great, I can't wait to see it.

Poor welcome.
Poor service.
The phad thai came without tofu!!
The lasy at the entrance didnot even have a smile.
The waitress seemed in immense hurry and even forced me to talk when I have foof in my mouth!Aas if we are here to impress them!!!
Quantity is way too less for 12 dollars!
!No soup free no salad free nothing!!!
The people in the neighbouring table were beavhing like wild animals and talking loudly but nothing was doen to stop them I promptly rewarded them wth ZERO tip!

Was pleasantly surprised and the price was great too!
Good Phad Thai!

Excellent Thai Food!!!
Yum.
The food is great.
I especially like the yellow curry with vegetables or pad thai.
Really good spring rolls too.
The servers are friendly and attentive.
Nice atmosphere.
Great for lunch or dinner.

I'm not a huge fan of Thai food, but these guys do well.
Lots of choices and ingredients are clearly listed with the dishes - HUGE plus for a person like me who isn't very familiar with the cuisine.
Went in for a late lunch with a group and the service was excellent.
We lingered for a while and that wasn't a problem, particularly since the place wasn't very full at 3pm.
Server had no problems splitting the check up, which I find refreshing.
It's a little hard to find as it's in a shopping center you wouldn't really expect to have a restaurant - but it's worth sniffing out.

I was introduced to this place by an old co-worker and have been a number of times since.
I had never experienced thai food but I have tried a few other places since then and still prefer this one.
It's generally packed for lunch with the two waitresses and busboy rushing around like crazy trying to take orders, deliver food and run credit cards.
Sometimes it can get a little slow, so it's probably not a place for a quick bite during the lunch rush.
The yellow curry is awesome and the lunch portion is just the right amount of food, especially with the spring roll and wonton chips.
The little cup of soup at the beginning of the meal is a nice touch, but I don't like it during the summer and I'm never quick enough to ask that they not bring it so I usually eat it anyway so as not to be wasteful or rude.
If you don't want it, make sure to mention it when they take your drink order.
I believe it's family run and always seems to have the same people working there during the week and I've noticed a few repeat customers which is always a good sign.
They've got a drive-through for take-out, although I've never used it.

YUM!!!!!
This is one of my favorite Thai places - especially at lunch!
My whole company (4 people) can eat here for like $30!
The pad Thai lunch special is insanely tasty and leaves me full for the rest of my work day.
If you like Thai, give this little place a go!

WOW.
DELISH!
I will absolutely be coming back here.
For their food, not for their service though.
The busser was horrible and we had to ask for things numerous times, but the food is worth it.
I had the garlic chicken, medium to very spicy, and it was unbelievably tasty!
I'm still full right now but if you put a plate of it in front of me, I would eat it all.
Went for lunch, got there at 12pm and got a table right away.
Lunch prices are great - about $6-7 for the whole meal which includes soup & spring roll (both tasty).
I will certainly be back, but maybe try for a less busy time (not peak lunch hours) in hopes of getting better service.

Decent food, good service, good lunch prices.
I liked the fact that when I told my waitress I would like to opt out of the deep fried foods that came with the lunch special, she immediately offered a larger portion of my main dish.
Nice touch.
Lunch special got me a nice cup of soup, a decent, but large, plate of fried rice, and a cup of hot tea for $6.54-ish.
A good price for a good meal.
Their fried rice wasn't the best I've ever had, but it certainly wasn't the worst.
I would go back and try another dish.

Luv luv luv!
Phat Thai is good!

went with a group of ladies, about 15 of us.
They refused to bill us individually but did agree to groups of 4-5.
I had the himiphan which is my standard entree when I eat thai.
I was disappointed in the chicken, for some reason it tasted funny to me so I pushed it aside and ate it as a vegetarian entree.
The Thai Tea was good, iced tea with a slightly vanilla taste to it.
For dessert, cocount ice cream which had a nice homemade taste to it .

This is a great place to get consistent asian food.
Its not amazing, but always good.
The decor inside is like every other Thai place you've seen, and of course has the mandatory paintings of Thai royalty.
I really liked our waiter.
He was funny and he and my dad talked all about their new Google Androids.
Our waiter even showed us how to put the protector cover on the android without bubbles.
Sometimes waiters are annoying when they get all friendly like that, but this guy was cool.
He was great about filling water, bringing requested hot sauces, and bringing us chopsticks too.
And the prices are VERY reasonable.
Most of the non-noodle dishes come with rice, whereas at other restaurants you have to order rice separately.

The best Thai in chandler by FAR!
the jungle noodles will blow your mind but they are rich.
great prices too!

OK in a pinch but really very average when it comes to Thai food.
Decent lunches but not a great Thai place like Lattitude 8.

I met a friend for lunch here today, and it was pretty good.
I've been here once before and remember the food as being excellent.
I would give just the food 3.75 stars and 2.5 stars for the service.
The restaurant was about half full at noon, and although our food arrived fairly quickly, the waitress disappeared and my friend resorted to tracking down a pitcher of water in order to refill our glasses.
Spicy Thai food = a need for plenty of water.
I ordered the Mango Delight which is chicken stir-fried with a chili jam, bell peppers, mangos, onion, broccoli, mushrooms, carrots and basil.
It's served with a nice cup of soup, steamed rice, fried wontons and a spring roll w/ sweet/sour sauce on the side.
The sauce was more watery and less spicy than I remember.
She ordered a mild version of Yellow Curry with coconut milk, chicken, potatoes, onions & carrots which she said was very tasty.
She made the comment that since the place was filled with mostly men (and many attractive ones, I might add), the servers were probably more inclined to offer them more attentive service since they tend to tip more.
I would have to agree.
I will try this place again, as it's in a good location and I like their lunch menu.
I think that next time I will definitely order my food to go.

I like coming here because the lunch specials are great and filling and they are consistant.
Try an order of peanut sauce with the pad thai.
Great combo!
Love the soups

I've gotten to the point there I come by here almost once a week.
Yes, it's addictive.
Their lunch specials menu is not very veg friendly, and neither is their free soup you get around lunch.
That said, almost everything else on the menu comes with a choice of meat, or tofu and veggies.
I LOVE both the Tom Kah and Tom Yum soups; even the half portion is huge!
The salad rolls are also a great deal for $3.
If you come when it's crowded, the service is a bit slow, but it is given with a smile, and the food is great; taste and selection.
Their lunch special prices are super good, but even the non-specials are on par for a Thai place.
Clearly, I come back again and again.

i am not huge fan of thai food.. but my friend wanted to try "thai rama".. well it exceeded my expectation!
flavor was intense!!
service was not the best.. but good enough for me to come back for more..   i will write more review once i revisit the place..

Great Paht Thai!
And I'm very picky about my paht thai.
Also I loved the thai iced tea and the fact that they have lunch specials on the weekend that comes with soup and an egg roll.
The tohm yahm soup was VERY delicious!

I went here on my lunch break (only 30 minutes, not such a good idea!
) I got the lunch special with the paht thai, and it was very good.
The egg roll that came with it was also good.
I'm sure I would have enjoyed it more if I had more time to eat it.
This is definitely not the spot to grab a quick meal, not that it was exceptionally slow, but they cook the food to order so it takes a little while.
I will definitely try it again when I have more time.

We have been coming to Thai Rama for at least two years.
They are consistently good, and while they might not know me by name, they certainly know me by order.
We normally do take-out and have only eaten in the restaurant a handful of times.
Those times, the waitstaff was friendly and attentive.
We have a standard order (egg rolls, fried rice, paht see-iw, silver noodles) and then add in an entree or two - the kai yang, the steak thing, the garlic chicken, ginger chicken, the veggie stir fry...
The only food complaint I have is that their curry base is made too spicy for me to have.
I've got a total kitten mouth (and tummy!
) and can't deal with any spice.
They cut their spice level, it seems, with additional coconut milk, but they can only cut it so far.
Additionally, I eat wheat-free (which most people parse as gluten-free).
I'm not amazingly sensitive, so I can handle the amount of wheat/gluten in the soy sauce, but for the most part, that seems to be it as far as wheat goes.
Some day when I go in to the restaurant, I'll have to have a chat with someone and see what the real low-down is, but for now, it's quite acceptable.
For a time, we went once a week, for about three or four months.
Each time, it was great.
Some weeks are better than others (haven't been able to pin down why yet), but it's never been anything less than good.

"My tea is good" according to my friend.
Aside from that; I thought the food was okay.
I eat a lot of Thai food and nothing really popped except my taste buds burning......yeah it was spicy!
"The tea here is really good" noted friend!
Decor of the place was nice and and low key; starting to wonder if all Thai restaurants use the same Interior Designer.
"This is good tea" yes, my friend I know :).
Our service was also good and nothing to complain about.
My water was always full and our waitress was attentive.
How's the tea?
Well I think you know the answer to that - enjoy!

Continuing on my kid free week, I decided to get some thai food one night during the week.
I had been by Thai Rama a few times and had been wanting to stop.
I was greeted upon walking in and told the woman I wanted to order to go.
She gave me a menu and offered to let me sit down at a table to decide.
She asked if she could get me a drink as well.
She prompty returned with my drink, took my order, and asked if she could get me anything else while I waited.
That's pretty darn good service for a to go order.
My food was ready in a flash and it was nicely packed and still hot when I arrived at home.
The pinapple fried rice was not the best I've had but it was good.
The yellow curry was delicious!
I will be going back here soon.
The service and the food were first rate.
And it's close to home which makes it grate in my book!

Red Chicken Curry  Chicken Pad Thai  Pork Fried Rice  ..majorly delicious!..
and thank you for having the nice waitress who explained the spiciness levels.
Well done.

- the waitress was friendly, bland, and close to useless - the food was bland and way beyond expensive - the restaurant is in a great location (close to the freeway) - the bill was stunning for what the 6 people in our party received.
- the place was empty, except for one other table (with a couple)  I'm not sure how this place has stayed open for several years, since they have so little traffic.
I'm thinking that it's a mafia money-laundering front, and I would recommend that my friends/family stay away.
Bottom line:  don't bother

This is my absolute favorite thai food place in the AZ so far!
Their panang curry is to die for!
i love how spicy it is even if you dont order the spiciest level.
unfortunately the other day i ordered a pad thai noodle luncheon special.
Usually everytime we have gone in to eat in the restaraunt the chicken was tender the noodles were seperated and simply amazing, yesterday on the other hand was completely opposite.
which reminded me of why i always stick to my favorites and what i know is majority of the time "SAFE" the pad thai's  flavor was on point but it was too hard to get past the fact that the noodles were all stuck together as if they were sitting somewhere for hours.
Just like if you leave spaghetti noodles out and not mixed with the sauce.
Gross.
Anyhow i love my panang curry there because the sauce isn't soupy or too thick.
it is perfect and i can never get enough.
Thai rama i will be seeing you the end of this week to get my fix.

Food was good.
One of the best places for Thai food I've found in AZ so far.
We ordered Pad See Ew, Pad Thai and Red Curry with Thai Teas to drink.
The Pad See Ew looked a little mushy when it came out but when I tasted it... it was very good..
I liked how they used regular broccoli and chinese broccoli in it.
They also use a lot of garlic in it.
Pad Thai was decent.
It wasn't my favorite, but it wasn't bad either.
The Red Curry was yummy!
It came with bamboo shoots, green beans and thai eggplants.
We ordered it with medium spice and it was perfect.
They didn't overdo it with coconut milk.
Thai Tea was decent as well.
It's slightly pricy for Thai Food in my opinion since I'm used to prices of Thai joints in LA ($5-8 range all day... no price hike up for the same dish just because it's dinner time, why do they do that here in AZ???
) But portions were good so I guess it's not that bad.
Only one thing though... service was so    S.... L.... O.... W.....
I know it was a Friday night and everyone and their mom is out for dinner but wow... there was only two of us and we were there for almost two hours and we both are fast eaters.

Went after the lunch rush so service as slow.
Friendly but slower than one would expect.
That's why only 4 stars.
The Panang curry was awesome, I requested mild spice as other yelp reviews said they were on the spicy side I could have gone one more degree but delish non the less.
The chicken Satay came served different than I'm use to but it was awesome as well.
I will definitely come here again and try the Tom Yum soup (they spell if differently) .

Best Thai Restaurant I've tried, beats Thai Basil and Swaddee Thai in Chandler.
I've only gone there for lunch, I love their lunch specials: soup, spring roll, Thai chips and an entree for under $8!
You can ask for hot Jasmine tea as well - it's free!
The food is less Americanized than other Asian places I've tried.
They are usually really busy at lunch, but I've never waited long to be seated.
The waiters are attentive.
I recommend trying their garlic chicken or their sweet and sour chicken.
There is plenty of white lean meat in all of their chicken entrees!

Wanted Thai food near Chandler tonight but realized few are open on Sundays.
Here's how the morning's research played out:  1.
Great reviews for Thai Rama on Yelp but no hours of operation.
Strike one.
Look for hours on restaurant's web site.
Strike two.
Call restaurant.
No voicemail greeting after 34 rings.
Strike three looking.
Discover Facebook page, which despite having just 85 fans does include hours of operation, as well as some nice feedback from patrons.
Will try Thai Rama tonight with unfairly high expectations.
Hope the food is worth all the effort it took to get the most basic information.

We love this place!
I always get the Evil Jungle Princess curry and hubski gets whatever he feels like in the moment.
He only remembers the Thai tea.
The service is friendly and the ambiance is cozy.
Just don't mispronounce the beer when you order Phuket ;)

This place is pretty good and the price is excellent.
Nothing amazing, but solid Thai food, consistent and yummy and clean atmosphere.
I was hoping for a tad more authentic, but this is my go to place for soup when I am sick!
:-)

You can't beat the lunch specials here.
For just about $7 you will get your entree, rice, spring roll, wonton crisps and soup!
I of course got the red curry with tofu.
The curry was wonderfully thick and creamy, almost velvety, and even though it only had green beans and bamboo shoots I loved it!
I've never experienced that consistency before.
So far marking very high on my list of favorites!
I'll be back!

I'm sorry.
We went to Thai Rama in December (before Christmas) and the smell was so foul we couldn't stay (not sure if they were having a plumbing problem or if it always smells that way).
Maybe we'll try again some day...

Yummy!
I was unfairly worried that the levels of heat here would correspond to the lack of spiciness found in Arizona, rather than appropriately Thai.
Pleasantly surprised to find that they Thaied it up with the heat.
The drunken noodles (Kwediew Kaprow - phat kee mow) were YUMMY.
The Ho Mok Ta Lay (seafood with red curry) was the perfect mix of savory, sweet, and spicy.
I was a very very happy girl!

I had the red curry for lunch and it was delicious!
I wanted it Thai hot and boy did they knock my boots off with the spiciness level!
They know exactly what "Thai Spicy" means, not like other wanna be Thai restaurants that don't know how to bring the heat!
I'm happy to finally find a place with delicious Thai food at an affordable price.
I can't wait to get my next dose of spice from them!

The curries are very good.
I was impressed with the pa-nang curry more so than the pineapple curry.
Has a bit more flavor and more meat.
Could have just been the evening that we got it, but that was my experience.
The spring rolls are not particularly worth it because it's basically a salad in a rice noodle.
It leaves something to be desired, certainly.
As far as the pad thai.
I am typically a very big fan of Pad Thai, unfortunately the first time we tried it, it tasted and looked as though it had been cooked much earlier in the day.
Even when we got it a second time and it was fresh the taste was ho-hum.
I would stick to the curry.
The staff is kind and friendly as well as prompt.
We ordered take out twice and I think they have a drive-through window.
I would take an extra 5 minutes on top of what they tell you, but the food has typically been done in less than 30 minutes even when ordering at peak hours.

Everyone loved the food.
Thanks, Yelp.
You helped us out on this one.

Hello!
Yummy!
Double Yummaaaaaaaaey!
First I have to thank Amber "did someone say chipotle"W for guiding me to Thai Rama.
I have had thai in the past but I have to admit it isnt all that often, and I dont even know if I remembered what it tasted like to be honest.
Until now.
This was an amazing meal.
We both had the same thing  Evil Jungle Noodles.
A tounge tickling adventure made from curried coconut milk with tofu and vegetables.
Holy uncow people this food is effin good OK!
Usually we split our lunch just to save the calories, but this time I am uber glad we did not.
I am already drooling thinking about the leftovers.
I cannot wait to go back and I have not evenfinished what I got today!
Review time  Curbage: 7 or 8  Kinda plain but nice Seating time: 10 Wait time: 3 It was busy so it took a few for help but that is ok it took us a few to contemplate the munu on our first trip.
We also had a long delay for our food to arrive at the table but for this kind of taste I will wait until the cows come home to live peacefully forever.
Food: 10  P factor: I dunno    Awesome job Thai Rama!
Late!
Gordo  ps: Dont forget to try the Phuket beer

I have been going to Thai Rama for several years.
Up until a few months ago I would have given them a 5 star rating.
Since I moved to Central Phoenix, I make special trips to this location though I have a Thai Rama closer to me.
However lately I have noticed a shift in customer service.
It seems to get worse every time I go in.
Last week was just strange.
I went in for lunch after the lunch crowd had left.
I placed my order and that went fine.
However after that I saw no sign of the waitress or anyone for that matter.
The servers were in the back kitchen talking and after I finished my meal (minus a refill on water and tea) I waited patiently for someone to come out to ask for my check.
And then I waited and waited and waited.
Finally a young woman came out from the kitchen (not my waitress).
I walked up to the register and asked for my ticket.
She was incredibly rude.
I handed her my credit card.
She ran it and then tried to stuff my card and receipt into a receipt book and hand me that.
I pulled it out since I still needed to sign it.
I was thinking "Why in the h*** is she putting this in a receipt book when I am standing right here?
Then I asked her for a to-go box.
She stared at me blankly and then walked off.
I had no idea what she was doing so I waited by the counter.
She came out with a to-go box.
I reached out for her to give it to me.
Instead - she veered around me, walked all the way back to my table with me following her in utter confusion.
Then she threw it on my table.
It was to be one of the weirdest interactions I have ever had with wait staff.
Just then my original waitress came out of the kitchen and asked if I wanted to pay my bill!
While the food is still great, the customer service has really gone downhill in the last few months.
Too bad - this place used to be one of my favorites.

It's good , but I don't think it's the best.
I would go back to eat here.

Tried Thai Rama in Chandler for the 1st time.
( Chandler Blvd/ Dobson.
) The place is small, clean, nicely decorated and comfortable.
I'm not very familiar with Thai food, but was feeling adventurous and was craving spicy...
I asked the friendly Thai waitress for some suggestions and she explained that you can order most of the entree items with your choice of meat or seafood, or even tofu as your protein choice.
Plus you can order with different degrees of spicy and they have chili sauce, and red chile powder and jalapeños on the side, to "add heat".
I started with a  spicy grated papaya salad...EXCELLENT!
Also try the Thai Jasmine tea.
Nice subtle flavors.
After a few questions and the suggestion of my server, I also tried a wonderful curry dish called "Evil Jungle Princess".
A creamy, red curry dish with veggies, served with rice (also available with noodles) and I chose tofu as the protein.
I ordered "Med hot" and that was just fine , because I added the red chile powder to heat it UP to my desired level.
(hint: You can't really tone it down if you order it too spicy, but you can always add more spice , if it's not)....The Evil Princess was absolutely delish!
Anything BUT evil!
I am still thinking about this sweet princess!
It was a very quiet night and the service was a little slow, but I was in no hurry.
The food was prepared fresh to order.
and I really enjoyed the new dining experience.
This locale has a drive up window for  phoned in to-go orders and I understand they do a booming biz for lunch.
I WILL be back and I am bringing people with me!
I think a big party could order different items from their vast menu, and everyone could try a little bit of this, a little bit of that....I loved this place and I encourage you to try it!

One of my favorite Thai restaurant in AZ, everything is so original and not americanized.
My fav gonna be Pad See Ew, the famous rice noodle cuisine that I always eat from time to time.
It was so delicious and you can really smell the fried rice noodles aroma as they cook it out for you in their kitchen.
The next best thing is gonna be FBI - Fried Banana Ice Cream served with vanilla ice cream and honey which I love the most.
Tad Hoo Tod is my recommended appetizer.
A fried silk tofu that was melt in your mouth and you got to order peanut sauce that compliment the taste.
So far, I'm a very happy customer everytime I went here and I'm crossing fingers that they will keep the original taste cause it's superb!

If you've come to Phoenix from a big city that has good asian food, as I have, then you probably know what I mean when I say that it's really hard to find the same thing here.
I really love Thai food and Thai Rama is the best I've found in the Tempe/Chandler/Mesa/Gilbert part of the East Valley.
My two favorites with any Thai place are pad prik khing (available also on the lunch menu) and drunken noodle (listed under the Thai name at TR).
My third, "once in a blue moon" dish, is panang curry.
They do all three well, with the pad prik being the best.
I've come here 25-30 times over the last five years and never once had a disappointing meal, nor have I ever had poor or slow service.
As many a reviewer has mentioned, the lunch special is a real bargain that will fill you up.
I think they have ten items or so available for that, though it's not the full menu.
It's great to see that they've finally gone to seven days a week.
In the past, their only weakness was that they were only open six days a week (like so many independent places).

Thai Rama is our regular Thai place.
We get it regularly (usually do takeout) and we pretty much always order: Evil Jungle Princess (curry) and Kwediew Kaprow (better known as pad kee mow), both with chicken.
Intrigued by a name like Evil Jungle Princess, aren't you?
This is a fabulous, creamy, coconut milk-based curry, loaded with veggies.
The sauce is so good you'll drink it off the plate.
Kwediew Kaprow includes the flat rice noodles, lightly spiced, but a real delight...one of the best pad kee mows I've had anywhere.
Prices are roughly 10 bucks a plate for dinner, and even cheaper for lunch.
This place makes a great lunch up to 6 or 8 people if you're in the area.
Highly recommended.

Good, friendly service.
Delicious authentic food with lots of menu items.

Ate with a client here today for the first time.
Really enjoyed the yellow curry dish medium and the soup that comes before the meal, but the service was slow.
It took 16 minutes for my entree to come, although after it came many employees asked if I wanted a drink refill.
Nice decor and decent prices

My coworkers and I come here a lot for lunch and we all really enjoy it.
Their lunch portion is the perfect amount of food and comes with delicious soup.
I've tried about 3 different dishes but mostly I get the Panang Curry (Thai Hot 1).
They have like 10 different levels of spiciness with extra levels that are not even on the menu.
I took some friends and family their for dinner once and my Dad got this crazy seafood dish that came out in an aluminum foil swan.
He just raved about how delicious it was.
I've never had a bad experience and recommend that you give it a try.

The best Thai food I have found in the East Valley!
Great staff, great decor and atmosphere, very reasonable prices, convenient, and fast service.
The spices and textures of their food is just right.
Lots to choose from and has good lunch specials too.
All the hip Thai places I've been to in Tempe and Gilbert don't compare.
My favorite is the Mamuang Himapan (#25) and the Tohm Kah soup which has a really cool presentation too!
Would suggest for dates, family night, special occasion, anything.
Love Thai Rama in Chandler all around!

I heard about Thai Rama from several friends and have seen the parking lot packed several times, so my husband and I decided to try it.
There were several buckets laying around the floor catching leaks from the roof.
No, it wasn't raining, but the place looked dated.
Our waitress was nice, but not attentive.
We ordered the Satay (6.55) for an appetizer and the Paht Pik Thed (Pepper Steak) with chicken and the Shrimp Snow Peas (10.95).
It took F-O-R-E-V-E-R to get the Satay and another 30 minutes after that to get our entrees.
I had already finished my Thai Iced Tea and half a glass of water, with no request for refills.
[Another lady across the dining room had ordered food to-go (before we arrived) and was still waiting.
She began complaining after the waitress came out and told her they had only just started on her Mango Delight, while her Pad Thai had been sitting in the to-go box, waiting.
She was not happy, to say the least.
]  Despite the wait, the Satay was very good.
Unfortunately, both of the sauces that came with our entrees were very watery and we had more meat in the appetizer than our meals.
The sauce was so sweet, I could not eat the pineapples in the dish.
The portions were also small for the price.
Finally, I was asked for a refill after our waitress took our plates away.
It took another 5 mins to ask if we wanted dessert.
My husband insisted we try the Mango with Sweet Sticky Rice (3.95).
Thirty five minutes later (yes, we timed it) we had our dessert.
It was not bad, but I was done with sweet stuff for the night.
We set the credit card out on the table to be taken with the plates.
Once again, we had to wait for that.
The waitress finally took our plates away, then returned to tell us she would grab our ticket.
The card was still on the edge of the table.
A few minutes later, an extremely rude waitress (not ours) passed our table, threw the receipt book across the table, and gave us a dirty look.
What was that all about and why the heck didn't she take the card?!
She stormed back over to collect it, with the same look on her face.
There were no words exchanged with this "lady" let alone with our own waitress and we were extremely patient and low maintenance considering the wait and quality of the food.
We paid, and got the heck out of there.
In the end, we had spent over 2 hours, $45 and I still could have eaten something on the way home.
After that experience, I will not be back.
Overall:  Food was not worth the mood we left with.
Service was sooooo SLOW!
Spent over 2 hours there for just two people!
Waitress never checked on us, I was asked if I wanted a refill after my meal.
No sense of urgency among the three waitresses and the seven full tables they had.
Phone was constantly ringing loudly and no one picked it up even though all three waitresses walked by it several times.
Annoying!!
Not to mention, for the person on the other side of the phone.
The table legs and feet were too bulky in the booth.
No room for my feet and I'm only 5'2.

Great Thai food!
I had the spicy fried rice with chicken and let me tell you when they say spicy, they mean spicy.
The flavors were so good and the spice was perfect.
I would definitely recommend Thai Rama for some great Thai food.
Will eat here again.

We went here the other day for dinner, as it's close to where my boyfriend gets his hair cut and we were really craving Thai food.
I've been here once before, and remembered the food as being very good.
When we got to the restaurant, it was pretty busy and there were only two server working.
We were seated promptly and the server took our drink order.
We ordered Yahm Nuea Nahm Tohk for an appetizer (meh, it was alright - but I don't think I would have really LOVED it anywhere to be honest).
I also ordered my standard when going out for Thai food, Paht See-iiw.
Yuuuuuuum!!!
It was great, just what I was hankering for.
I was not disappointed.
My boyfriend ordered the Evil Jungle Princess curry, and also said it was quite good.
If you are looking for a good Thai place in the Chandler area, head on over.
However, I must give a word of caution:  because it gets very busy and they are short staffed, you DO have to wait a bit for the food and refills.
This isn't a sign of bad service though, it's just that they need to have more people working certain shifts :)!!

The yellow curry here is unbelievable it is the perfect blend of spicy, sweet and fresh.
If I could have this to eat every day I would be happy as a clam!
Yes the service is slow, but you can't rush perfection!

My wife and i went for lunch last week.
The food was so so and the service was a bit slow.
We both got lunch specials that came with soup, spring roll and fried wontons.
The soup was not what I would call a traditional Thai soup, the spring roll was too greasy, and the wontons were bland.
My wife got the yellow curry and I got Panang.
I ordered mine "Thai spicy" but it was more like medium.
Next time we go for Thai we'll try the Thai Cafe which is just a mile or so away.

I'm picky.
I'm real picky about Thai.
This place is clean, has a good menu, dares to prepare spicy curry that has depth and taste.
Has a great staff and the ambience and vibe is relaxing.
Just plain good

I want to like Thai Rama.
I do.
I'd eaten at Thai Rama's Rural & University location for years (dating back to when the establishment was still called Char's!
), so I was excited when a location opened up relatively close to my apartment.
Their food is actually decent, but their service is so consistently bad that I actually have to dock them three stars for it.
Every time I seem to go there, they seem constantly understaffed - there's often only one (sometimes two) waiters working the floor, so it takes the staff forever to make it to your table, be it to take your order, refill your drinks, or even hand you the receipt.
The waits for meals have been similarly atrocious - in my last few trips there, fifty-plus minute waits for meals have quickly become the norm.
I'm really not sure what the situation is in their kitchen, but I'm sure it's less than optimal.
Oh, and the fact that their portions have shrunk over the last few months certainly aren't helping their case, either.
It's disappointing, because they're really capable of so much more than this.

If you like Thai food, Thai Rama delivers the basics.
I wasn't blown away but I will be back for the convenient drive up take out option.
Simply average Thai spot.
Busy at lunch, which is a good thing.
Service was unorganized but courteous.
Over all average.

I'm a huge fan of Thai food, so obviously I love this place:P Even out Thai foreign exchange student said it passed the test!
Definitely go for the "scary" noodles.
Oh, and the servers are always nice:)

My wife wanted to eat something spicy for lunch, so she said let's hit some local Thai.
We had never eaten Thai in the East Valley, so we went onto Yelp and read some of the reviews.
This restaurant is very close to my office, so we decided to give it a shot.
Service was so-so, but it was a lunch crowd, so I think they were doing the best they could.
Our order was taken after a bit of delay, but our food came out in decent time afterward.
We both had Pad Thai noodles on the lunch menu, which came with a small soup, some fried wonton skins, and an egg roll.
Have to say I was pleasantly surprised.
The noodles were exceedingly tasty.
We set the heat at "medium" but probably should've bumped it up a tad.
However, at medium it allowed us to savor the flavor.
For the two of us, the bill was $15 (we had water), so it was extremely inexpensive, and there was plenty of food.
Quite happy, we will definitely eat here again.

Good food horrible service!!

My girlfriend and I are Pad Thai enthusiasts - this place didn't measure up.
I can't speak for the rest of the menu, but what we received was bland and tasteless.
The drive-thru pickup window was awfully convenient, though.

Stopped by for dinner.
Food was good but the service staff came across as painfully shy.
Our waiter talked so softly, we had difficulty hearing him (the noise level in the restaurant was low).
Our glasses of water sat empty for a while before someone came over to refill.
Our appetizer dish (chicken wings) came out quickly.
It was delicious.
But the main course took a while to arrive.
It was hot and tasted good.
Overall, the food was what we expected, but the service was very slow.

I drove by this place after work in Chandler numerous times and finally decided to give it a try.
I love Thai food but am particular about the Tom Yum soup.
This Thai Rama location makes the best Tom Yum soup, and I have asked for specific veggies, and they listen and make it the way I like.
I have ordered a side of veg and rice as well, and it's always fresh and delicious.
I get take out, since I'm often on my way home from work.
I go in around 4p, so it's an odd hour for dinner, so it's not crowded then.
The service is friendly, but I haven't dine in so haven't had that experience yet.
The only complaint I have is that sometimes on weekends, I call and call and call, and I never get an answer, so I make the trek up to the Thai Rama Tempe, which is similar but not quite as good.

I absolutely LOVE this place.
Everything comes out great and the service is awesome.
They make my food the way I order it and it comes out in a timely manner.
I also take advantage of their order out and pickup window.
I've become a regular here (meaning 2-4 times a month) and they know exactly what I order and I don't even have to restate my specifications, which is great!

I had wanted to go to this spot for some time now...
I went for lunch and entered to an empty restaurant it seemed to be a trend for me...
I was seated right away and was greeted with a smile from my server very helpful as well...
I ended up going with the Panang Curry with beef lunch combo...
I rate the experience as followed.
Panang Curry with beef - B Staff - A  It was a good meal but it was not spicy enough for me...
I would say this spot is very much like Thai Basil so you're in the area it's worth the stop.

Their Pad Thai was one of the worst I've ever had.
It was bland, dry, and cost $10!
Although their serving size was descent, I hardly ate any of it.
Hot sauce wasn't even able to help save this dish.
Very disappointing.

My colleagues LOVE this place!
We seem to go once/week.
I am no Thai expert, but I have to admit, of those we have tried in the Chandler area, this is the BEST.
It's always packed, and that is the first sign of goodness!
For lunch, you get a lot of bang for the buck: soup, tea, wonton, and then the main meal.
Service is average, however...nothing special...but not slow.
I am not certain I would ever choose this restaurant for dinner because I am all about the atmosphere, but this is a great value, and anyway...I like to spend time with my colleagues outside of the office!

This restaurant has delicious Thai cuisine!
The pricing is reasonable and food is savory.
The interior of the restaurant is a little outdated and needs improvement.
Hospitality was decent, but the food service is particularly slow.
Overall a great place to grab a casual bite to eat.
Mango sticky rice is to die for!!
I make sure to eat here everytime I'm in town.

I normally don't like to rag on a place but have been coming here for a while because the food is excellent.
Excellent.
But, the service has been consistently worse and worse.
I'm not one to rag on a family place for bad service -- normally I'm not expecting super fast highway food.
But, this place is getting to the point of ridiculous.
Took us an hour and a half for dinner the other night.
Not terribly busy.
One server who was friendly and one busser who was doing... what?
We couldn't figure out.
Also, as one commentor noted, they'll let the phone ring and ring and ring without picking it up if too busy.
Drove my boyfriend nuts and definitely made for a less than stellar meal.
Will we be back again?
Likely.
The food is fantastic.
But we'll probably only go when we have an hour+ to spare.

Awesome Thai food here!!
My favorite is the yellow curry.
We eat here a few times a month.
I will agree that the service isnt the best or the fastest but sometimes you can manage to get in and out in a decent amount of time.
We recently ate here for lunch and the curry wasnt up to par, so we pointed it out to one of the waitstaff, she offered to bring a new plate of it, but its all cooked together in a big pot, so that didnt really make sense.
Then the owner, who is the cook came out and TOLD me that it is the same as it always is, and was actually irritated that I would even question her cooking.
The friendly waitress that offered a new plate even said to us that the owner was **** hurt that a customer wasnt happy.
If I owned a place, and my food was off a day, I would want a nice customer to carefully point it out and correct it, not argue that its how it should be.
Of course we'll eat here again and again and again, because we have had many great meals here.
I just wish that owners and staff would recognize in this tough economy, that they should take care of their customers, and treat them kindly and recognize that sometimes people need to have quicker service because they need to get back to work, or just dont have a few hours to hang out waiting for the check.

except for the pad thai and chicken satay, the food is very good.
the chicken in the satay was gristly and tough.
The service was very good.
They must have seen the bad service reviews and gotten their act together.

I have lived very close to this Thai-rama in Chandler for years, and finally started going there about six months ago.
The food is absolutely wonderful.
Always fresh.
However, I am only giving them three stars due to the service.
As another reviewer mentioned, the service is getting worse.
The first time I went there, it seemed okay, but my last visit for lunch a full hour.
The restaurant was crowded, but there were only 3 wait staff.
After about 10 minutes, our first waiter asked us what we wanted to drink.
15 minutes after that, we still didn't have our drinks.
Another waitress came by and asked for our drink order.
We told her the other waiter took our order and she replied he is busy, so she will get them.
By that time, we also knew what we wanted for lunch, so we placed our food order.
After about another 10 minutes, the waitress came around with a large tray of soup bowls.
They pretty much served half the restaurant soup at the same time.
Finally, after another wait, we received our lunch.
By the time we got the check and paid, it was an hour since we had walked in the door and sat down.
Again, the food here is wonderful, but they really need to work on the service aspect.
Although the restaurant is not too large, when full, they should have at least 4 servers.
I felt bad for the people sitting next to us.
Although they ordered their food about 10 minutes before we did, they didn't get it until about 10 minutes after we received our lunch.
I could tell they were not very happy.

We found a bandaid with the panang.
We ordered panang with chicken, not panang with bandaid.
When we told the waiter, he argued that it wasn't a bandaid.
I'm sorry, there's no mistaking a bandaid!
The icing on the cake was that they charged us for it!!!
If you like bandaid on your dish, this I the place to go!
Too bad yelp doesn't allow 0 stars.
This place definitely was a ZERO.

Ordered potstickers, larb and split a yellow curry.
Potstickers very good.
Larb (although the menu spells it Lahb...so I'll bite on how it's actually spelled), very good.
Yellow curry we ordered mild.
It was very good but I'm not sure how mild it was.
I'm not a big spicy food eater, so while this wasn't unbearable, but it was spicier that what I'd call mild.

This restaurant got a very great deal on lunch special, I and my co worker come here sometimes for lunch.
The food is tasty as always, I love their pad thai and the yellow curry so much, but the only thing I'm concern about is the service.
Not all the waitresses there are bad, so don't get me wrong, but the thin one with darker skin, she always got a bad attitude and very rude when you request something.
I understand lunch time is very busy and you don't get the best service as dinner, but Thai Rama really need to work on their customer service.
To Thai Rama owner, if you read this review "FIRE that B**&^*&&&", and get a better one in there to help your business doing better, otherwise this waitress will make you lose all the customers.

Excellent Food!
I have eaten here quite a bit, and have not had a dish I did not enjoy.
Beware, eating here may create cravings you can only satisfy here!
My only complaint is that they have started closing from I think 230 to 5 pm.
I bring my out of town guests here!

Since I love their food 80% of the time I was nice enough to give them 2 stars but after tonight I highly doubt I will return.
They are losing so much business now that I will not be promoting their outrageously poor serviced staff and making their food a million times spicier than what it usually sits at.
I ordered to go as usual and I had bad feeling about it since it was almost 9pm when they close.
I called and the lady was oh so nice enough to say (we are closing in 5 minutes) No shit sherlock like I didn't already know i am not that dumb by boyfriend decided super last minute that he wanted thai (ugh!
) so I knew they were going to ruin our food so badly that I am sitting here typing this instead of eating the delicious panang curry but it is so Damn hot that i cant even eat it and can barely stand even the underlying flavor.
This was extremely dissapointing because i love their food and now with the service and horrid food given the past two times I will not be returning, I can tell you that much right now.
I can bet anyone 5 dollars that with all the reviews regarding their downward spiral of bad service that the owner or manager doesn't give a rats ass that they are doing this bad now.
I remember when we went to the tempe location they have a white racist broad that used a different race as an excuse for the spice level (oh the other cook that made your food is mexican.
) SERIOUSLY?
what if i was mexican?
I would have called the highest up manager I could get.
Completely and Utterly irrelevant.
Just make my food the way it is supposed to be made is that so hard to ask for?!
Honestly????
So as of 5/15/12 i give them only 1 extra star for giving me a brand new panang curry that was good enough for me.
Only problem is there was a younger kid that drew a red heart around my new order slip and wrote his name on typed his name in the top right corner with a winking face.
I noticed it as I walked out and just oh for gods sakes really??
I just spoke to this kid about how the food was unbearable to my Boyfriend and myself.
Kids These Days.....

I have never ever came to Thai Rama at dinner time, so we decided to have dinner with some friend tonight.
It was pretty busy, and look like they get tons of phone call for placing togo order.
The waitress keep coming back to the drive through window a lot.
It would be better if they have host/hostess to take care of those togo order and dealing with phone call instead of having only 2 people working at night.
So, it took a while to get our food, but this time I had a better experiences, very friendly services, good food, good conversation.
Just be careful that if you are going to order hot on your meal, it could be really hot sometimes because one of my friends got a yellow curry, she love spicy food, so she ordered spicy hot on her meal, it was a little spicier than she expected, but she still enjoy eating her meal, and i guess everything was just fine.
We had a wonderful time with all the friends tonight and I am happy enough to give 5 stars.
We definitely come back again.

For the last few years this has been my favorite Thai food restaurant in the Phoenix area, but it is starting to slip.
The food has been so good that to this point it has overcome the poor service.
As much as it pains me to say, I am not sure how long that will be the case.
I rate the food a 5, but the service a 1.
My favorite dishes are the Pad Kee Moa, Evil Jungle Princess, and the Panang Curry.
The food has great flavor, with just the right amount of spice.
My wife's favorites are the yellow curry and the noodle soup with chicken.
The owner and her staff are very nice, but the service is poor to say the least.
It can take a very long time to get seated, even when they have many tables available.
It can also take a while to get your order taken.
Once you get your food, you many not see your server again until it is time to get the check.
Overall they are not very attentive... but the food is amazing.

Pros:  Just stopped in due to I had just left the eye doctor and had those blinding eye drops added.
Glad I found this place... Service was good and our waitress recommended dished for us that was very helpful due to me beeing half blind.
The wife had the Thai Tea (de-lish) was her response (to bad that did not include free refills)  I had the fresh brewed tea and started with the wings as an appetizer (they were really good and that sauce was fantastic) wife ordered the Thai Noodles  (nice) I had the yellow curry chicken and as a chef I must say I was not expecting the potato that  were sliced corrugated and the carrots were as well with a corrugated fine peeler and the sauce was real coconut milk and heavy whipping cream the chicken was fat free breast meat (it's the little things that make a Great food spot) and they have that here I forgot to even taste my wife's dish so I'm limited to speak on it, but it looked really good too.
Will I go back?
Yes!
when I have that graving for yellow curry chicken done right when I just don't have the time to do it myself!
Bon Appétit...  Cons:   Okay here is where they lose a point:  ambiance also ambience  (mb-ns, ä-byäs)  N.   The special atmosphere or mood created by a particular environment:  Yes it looks like a Thai restaurant but who is in charge of caring for the upkeep in your restaurant such as updating chipping paint, cleaning the glass windows and doors, uneven tables and chairs, dusting etc.
(we both went to the restrooms and I can say the men restroom was clean and as for the ladies restroom shockingly my wife said to go in with a HAZMAT suit!
The chef may be the owner and a male, that could be why his restroom was so much cleaner...lot's of male owners never check the ladies restroom.
They should!

This small, unassuming Thai restaurant boasts a clean, contemporary interior.
The staff were quick to acknowledge my friend and I and the early evening hours, before the normal dinner crowd would start streaming in.
Our server was friendly, knowledgeable and genuine.
We ordered two iced Teas that were subtly flavored -but not sweetened.
They were refreshing and delicious!
We also began with an order of the chicken satay before deciding on our entrees.
The satay was visually brighter than I had encountered before- almost Tandoori orange.
There were several large pieces skewers- enough for 4 people that did not want to ruin their appetite.
For us 2, it was very generous portion, but we soldiered on.
Very nicely seasoned while paired with a Thai peanut sauce.
The large menu took us a while to go through, but we made our decisions and figured we would definitely come back to try something else.
My friend chose a spicy Tofu dish that was very satisfying.
I took on the red curry panang which also did not disappoint.
The server brought our meals promptly and after we filled up as much as possible, he brought us a couple of take out cartons.
Excellent deal as this was enough for another meal!
Another star may be earned when I have had time to return and make sure this was not a fluke!
Great recommendation from a friend at work.

This place has very good thai food with a bunch of stuff I haven't seen at other places.
Probably my second favorite down here in Chandler.
The Evil Jungle Noodles are one of the best thai dishes I have ever had.
It is a thai noodle dish with a spicy coconut milk/ Curry sauce.
It is pretty difficult to eat since they come in a very compact bowl that seems to hold them steaming and hot for a very long time.
I highly recommend them and hopefully you are less sloppy than me when eating noodles.
They also have a very good Pad See Ew which is my usual goto for thai food.
I always get medium and it's got a fairly good kick.
The Evil Jungle noodles seem much spicier, but that could be related to the temperature of being very hot and stays that way.
The tables and booths are a bit worn, and it takes a bit to get your check, but that's not really a deal breaker for me as the food and is very good and the staff has been very nice on my visits.
Try: - Evil Jungle Noodle - Pad See Ew - Salad Rolls

This is my favorite Thai food place in Chandler.
I always hit it up when I'm in town and always order the Pad Thai.
It's consistently good.
Their lunch special is a pretty decent deal.
You get the Pad Thai along with soup, an egg roll and a couple of friend won tons for 10 bucks.
I'm a fan!

The eggplant was great!
The flavor was closed with my hometown tastes (even am from Indonesia :) ).
I would like to go back to try other menu!

Saturday 5:15 pm.
Our first time here.
Service prompt, very polite.
Servers checked on us as a team, no complaints at all!
Food all came out in good timing.
Egg rolls delicious, very crisp, fresh inside, not greasy.
Chicken wings... tried them only b/c of the Yelp comments...
They really are that good, nice & crispy, & the sauce that comes on the side is addictive!
Thom Kha soup FANTASTIC, chose chicken in it, & as others mentioned, this places uses great white meat!
We both ordered Thai iced tea, sweet but not overly sugared.
Then switched to hot tea which was unsweetened & surprisingly delicious in flavor, what the heck?!
Our appetizers were so shockingly fresh & good that we skipped an entree & simply ordered another round of wings & egg rolls.
WE WILL BE BACK!

Great food, the curry evil jungle noodles and the mango delight were fabulous!
However,when you charge for another bowl of rice for two people I have a problem.
I would have given it four stars if it wasn't for a mere 1.75 plus tax.
I think it's more out of principle than substance.

The restaurant staff are extremely friendly and are basically ready to serve you once you walk into the door (there arent many people there...sadness).
We ordered and the food came out AFTER the people next to us got theirs even though we ordered first...this may be our hungry stomachs talking but that is unacceptable hhaha jk...but yeah, we were kind of like wtf at the time.
The drunken noodles (pad kee mau) was pretty good.
a unique sauce and thinner noodles than other thai restaurants.
This could be because of the amount of oil they add to it though...look at pic for reference.
Otherwise, it was a delicious dish.
Green curry was filled with green beans, bamboo shoots, and other vegetables which made me a happy camper.
next time, i may stick to the currys just so i dont feel so gross looking at an extremely greasy plate.

I have ordered only peanut curry here, and it's pretty good!
I like it with boiled tofu and no peppers.
The best part is that you place the order over the phone and you can pick it up in the drive through!
Great place for take out.
The dine in is not my fav, but it's ok.

Service was so slow, our waitress was busy with her IPHONE  sadness!
Every time I came in food never test the same.
DO Not go to Thai rama for lunch time because Service is super slow.
If you have a big party just go some place else :)

I've been here a few times and enjoy the food, usually a packed place during lunch.

I love the Paht Thai and Yellow curry.
The service is great and it's one of my favorite Thai places.

I'm not sure if I caught them on one of those days, but my first(and only) experience here was less than memorable.
I decided to give these guys a shot after my first choice was closed(it was a Sunday).
I found them on Yelp, and it said that they were open.
I tried the phone number that was listed several times, but all I got was a busy signal.
Since I was leaving work, I didn't have time to try and find another place, and this place was on the way, so I figured I'd see if they were in fact open like Yelp said.
The place was easy to find, on Chandler just west of Dobson.
I saw they had a drive-thru for call-ahead orders.
That'd be great if you could actually get through on the phone.
They were definitely open, so I walked in to place my order for take-out.
The inside was actually pretty nice looking.
It was nicely decorated.
Not overly done, the lighting was down a little, and it made for a comfortable atmosphere.
Not very noisy either.
Seemed like a nice little place to come and sit for a meal.
They were very quick to greet me and to take my order.
It was a simple order, as I ordered chicken paht thai, medium spiciness, and a couple egg rolls.
If you can get through on the phone, I highly recommend ordering ahead.
I felt a bit awkward standing around, with no place for those waiting on take-out to sit.
I ended up leaning against a small counter in the corner of the restaurant because there was no place to wait.
I guess you could have sat at one of their dining tables, but that's not my style.
The food was fairly quick.
Less than ten minutes and I was out the door.
Smelled great too.
When I got home, I quickly sat down with my wife, dished up a plate, and dug in.
The egg rolls were actually really good.
They were a bit smaller than what I expect egg rolls to be, but they still had good flavor.
The paht thai is where things went south pretty quick.
My wife and I love paht thai, and this is what we get all the time.
We just moved to Arizona, so we are trying to find a place that nails it down.
This wasn't it.
Let me start by saying the spiciness was right on.
It wasn't too spicy, but it still gave a slight burn.
Pretty right on for "medium".
That's all it had going though.
Overall it was very flavorless.
I was very disappointed with each bite I took, as I expected it to get better.
Unfortunately it never did.
Even at the very end, I grabbed a piece of chicken and ate it.
It too was absolutely flavorless and dry.
I would never order paht thai from here again.
Seeing a lot of positive reviews on here makes me think I ordered the wrong thing, however paht thai seems to be a pretty easy and common dish at Thai restaurants.
If they can't nail that down, it leaves me with little or no hope for the rest of the menu.
Plus, at $14 something for that and 3 tiny egg rolls, I expect a hell of a lot more.

We are big Thai Rama fans... from the Thai BBQ Chicken to their several varieties of curries to their wonderful Pahd See Ew, Thai Rama offers outstanding food at excellent prices.
On top of it all, the friendly staff makes sure everyone enjoys not just their meals but their visit, as well.
It's not only a regular place we visit, but a "must do" place we take family and friends when they are visiting in town.

The waiter spilled curry sauce all over me and didn't even offer an apology.
Not only did I pay for a crappy meal but I also had to pay for my dry cleaning.
Don't go the service sucks and so does the food.

i walked in today and walked to what looked like the to go counter.
I asked the woman if I could place an order to go here.
she said sighed loudly then said yes but it was going to be a looong wait.
I asked how long.
she sighed again and pointed to the line at the front door.
I asked her again how long is long.
she said 30 min.
I asked her even for take out.
she proceeded to explain that there is only one kitchen, not two, theres no special kitchen for take out, and that just bc I want take out doesn't mean I get to cut in front of everyone waiting.
very disappointed in her communication.
I would not be writing this if she would have just said, "yes, you can order take out here.
it'll be about 30 minutes until your food is ready.
" oh, and done without the sighs and condescending tone that made me feel like she was speaking to child.

Awesome food!
I love the option of heat level on the spicy Thai dishes they have red pepper powder and pickled jalapeños On the side to turn it up a notch.
It takes a bit of time for dinner, so don't be in a hurry.
Take a few friends  and try a few different dishes!
I LOVE the Jungle Princess dish and the Thai chicken wings are sweet and tangy.

This place is dead to me.
I've been going here for years and used to be a regular for lunch.
The service went way town hill a couple of years ago so I stopped going as often but would occasionally go if I didn't have afternoon meetings.
Not anymore.
The service just isn't slow it's terrible.
I walked out after 20 minutes of no service today, the place was only half full and one of the waitresses was prioritizing bussing a table instead of taking care of guests.
Too bad, the food is actually decent.

Food has been very good the few times that my family and myself have ben here.
However : Each time it seems like there is some type of issue with the servers or how long it takes etc... Its ok...
I will eat here again, just not when its superbusy ...

Visited Thai Rama on a business lunch and was absolutely pleased.
Had the Thai (marinated) chicken wings as an appetizer and they were just out of this world infused with flavor, not to mention the home-made sweet chili sauce that I could have drank shots of, as it's so delicious.
My entree was the Pad Thai, and quite honestly, the best I've had in the PHX Metro area.
The seasoning and spices were spread evenly throughout the dish, so there were no hot or bland spots that you normally find with Pad Thai.
I thought the noodles were generously sauced, keeping them from clumping together and found the overall portion size to quite generous for a lunch entree.
Sometimes it's the little things that catch my attention and this time it was the complimentary (which is standard for Thai restaurants) cup of soup.
The soup actually had ingredients other than just broth.
It was loaded.
It was substantial.
The wait staff was very pleasant and attentive, but not overly so.
Food delivery timing was normal for a standard lunch crowd.
Apparently the word is out on how good this place is as we arrived at 11:30 and by noon there were no available seats in the ample dining area.
Booth seats were comfortable and clean.
I would highly recommend Thai Rama and absolutely plan on returning.

Still spot on for my favorite Thai food.
The lovely and I are both ardent admirers of the panang curry and last night we wondered out loud why we'd been gone for so long!!
Still delicious, unctuous curry with fresh ingredients that has yet to be matched elsewhere.
Having said that, we have not been disappointed by anything we have tried; we took my vegetarian older brother on a recent visit and he swooned.
Service is always kind and attentive; the food arrives hot and promptly.
Added bonus?
A kid's menu that accommodates the less sophisticated, chicken tender-needy kiddo.
Complete with delicious waffle fries and a very reasonable price.
This is a very relaxed, clean place, with takeout and a liquor license.
We want one closer to home!

While visiting, I checked out Yelp for Thai food in the area.
Originally, I wanted to go to a different location, but it was closed on a Sunday.
We came for an early dinner at 5pm on Sunday.
No one was there probably due to Super Bowl.
Shortly after we sat, five other families came in.
I ordered their house salad and added tofu with their peanut sauce dressing to share with a friend.
Yum!
I loved their large chunks of fried tofu and their peanut sauce was super tasty.
For dinner, I ordered their #41, my favorite Pad Thai with shrimp but it came out with beef.
I was little disappointed it had beef, but I was hungry.
I wasn't impressed with the sauce they used it wasn't all that tasty but I was hungry and ate half portion.
My friend order a beef pho, she thought it was okay.
She thought the broth tasted a little funny so she asked the waiter for some limes.
It seemed to help.
She wasn't able to finished it all and good it to go.
The service was great and friendly.
Décor was good, a little old fashion.
The game was on but no one was interested in it.
Prices were good.

Delicious Paht Thai.
Wish their menus had pictures.

Go for lunch get a Combo.
Good chicken rice soup and good Pad Thai.
Never been for dinner.
Most Asian places have great lunch deals and way overcharge for dinner.

Absolutely love this place.
Great food and amazing lunch specials.
My husband loves the tom kah soup and we usually share that and the panang or yellow curry.
Pad thai is good too.
If you come for lunch call before and order so when you arrive you can sit down to eat for a quick lunch.

Where do I start with this place?!?!
We arrived at about 8:20 to a restaurant that closes at 9pm and it was JUMPING!
We were immediately greeted with a friendly hello and seated right away.
The first thing I noticed was an endless amount of people TAKING PICTURES of their food!
Yes I did it too!
You can hear the people at each of the tables saying OMG this is so GOOD!!!
There were still people coming in at 8:55...Did I mention they close at 9pm?
The iced tea was fresh and my glass was never empty!!!
The other thing I noticed right away was the owner walking to EVERY TABLE and not only asking everyone how their meal was but she was right in there with her staff asking if people needed more drinks as well as to go boxes.
She was absolutely amazed by all the people taking pictures and when she asked some of the men behind us about it she said "You are posting pictures of my food?
"  LOL welcome to the world of social media and people who are uploading constantly!
This place was top notch and so was the staff.
I haven't enjoyed a meal like that in a very long time and as a plant eater one of the things I loved most about this place is that essentially everything is vegetarian with the option to add Tofu instead of meat!
Thank you for the fabulous dining experience!!

This place has pretty good Thai Food and is reasonably priced.
The Pineapple curry is excellent, highly recommended!
We typically order the food for pick up, as they have a drive-thru pickup window, which is convenient.
The service inside is good, unless its busy, then be prepared for a little wait.

Went back for some more wonderful cuisine.
Had the Chicken wings which were amazingly tender, sweet and perfectly cooked.
Unfortunately,  I have to drop a rating star for the following: We also ordered the Larhb, which I envisioned as a dish similar to chicken lettuce wraps.
When it arrived to the table both of us were completely blown away by the powerful odor.
It looked beautiful.
There were small pieces of white white chicken piled next to a wedge of pale cabbage.
Small spears of red onion stuck out like cactus.
But the smell was overwhelming- and not it was not good.
It reeked with a sourness that I assumed was just an element or spice that I had not ever experienced before.
I thought, if this is a "bad" smell as if the chicken had expired then why was the server seeming unmoved?
I tried removing the onions thinking perhaps they were the culprit, but it did not help.
The putrid fumes just would not stop-literally causing me to gag.
I felt horrible when I tried explaining to the server that it was not what we were expecting and apologizing for asking him to please remove it from the table.
He was very polite and offerred to make another without onions.
It was too late, as we were unable to remove the smell from our memory.
The rest of the meal was deliscious as usual.
Still wondering what created that sulfuric odor.
Black Beets?

Food is ok. Service sucks.
Took forever to get service and the check.
Looking for a new place for Thai food.

Thai Rama is one of my most favorite places ever.
The place alone brings forth memories of the first time I ever even tasted Thai cuisine.
It was love at first bite.
Thai Rama is an intimate restaurant with soft lighting and relaxing music.
The wait staff is always polite and nice.
The food is amazing, always.
I've had everything from appetizers to desserts and everything is always hearty and filling.

Thai Rama was decent.
I shared a pineapple curry and a pineapple fried rice with a friend for lunch.
The curry itself had good flavor with a lot of vegetables and base protein (Tofu, $9.95).
I was slightly disappointed that the vegetables were your standard peas and cubed carrot mixture bought from the freezer section though.
The pineapple fried rice was excellent.
It had deep, complex flavors that complimented the spiciness of the dish (Medium), and the sweetness from the pineapple.
Dessert was great.
We had the mango sticky rice.
The fresh mango, coconut sauce, and slightly sweet rice meshed well together.
Service was attentive and friendly.
While the decor for the most part is nice, we were seated at a table with duct-taped seats.
Kind of a minor point, but it puts a damper on your dining experience when you are sitting on tape!

Yellow curry was excellent.
Moved here from CA one year ago and finally found legit thai.
Thank you, will be back.

I had lunch here with my team to send of a co-worker who is leaving.
The lunch specials were a little different than what I am used to.
I hadn't heard of a few dishes that were listed.
There were about 15 of us and it didn't take that long for our orders.
I ordered the pork with pineapple, others tried the pad see ew, curries and and pad thai.
I could tell that the pineapple was not fresh but it wasn't bad for less than 8 bucks.
The iced tea was very tasty and refreshing and I will for sure try the Thai iced tea next time.
There wasn't an empty table in the whole place.
All lunch specials come with soup and an eggroll, both yummy and seasoned well.
Take it for what is, a quick and easy Thai place to grab lunch.

Whenever I have extra time at lunch, I cruise over to this place.
I love the spicy coconut soup with added veggies or the peanut butter chicken.
Service was great as well.
I have no complaints about this places so i gave it a 4 star.

My friend told me about this place and she said the food was amazing so my boyfriend and I came to try this place out.
This place is only two miles from where we live so it was nice that we didn't have to drive to far to grab dinner.
We were seated right away and the hostess brought our drinks out fast.
My boyfriend and I ordered the Thai Toast, Tom Kha soup, Pat Si Ew and got Sticky Mango Rice to go.
Everything we ordered was delicious.
I really like that they have you four types of chili sauce to accompany your food.
Usually most places just give you the red chili paste but I enjoyed the variety.
Although the food was delicious I'm giving them 3 star because our service was horrible!
Our server was super slow , did not come up see if we needed drink refills and after we were done with our food, we waited almost 20 min before he asked us if we needed our check.
We also asked for a bag to put our leftovers in and he totally forgot.
We eventually had to ask the hostess for a bag instead.
The restaurant wasn't that busy so I don't understand why our service sucked.
I would recommend just  calling in your order and picking up the good.
( hopefully they answer the phone because we saw the server pick up the phone and just hang up when the phone kept ringing)

One of the best Thai restaurants in Chandler.
The lunch specials are a really good.
But, I have enjoyed everything I have ordered anytime I have eaten here.
The ambiance is nice too.
Service can be a bit slow, but I typically don't mind because the food is always good.

Yuk!
I tried this place based on seeing favorable reviews on Yelp, but this is not good thai food.
I'm not sure why people think this is good.
The food is not very fresh and does not taste like it should.
I guess if you have never tried good thai food, this might be good to you.
Don't waste your time and money if you are looking for a quality thai meal.

Had takeout from Thai Rama CHandler this past weekend.
Their Chicken Panang is delicious.
And gluten free!
As is their Pad Thai!
I was tickled to get yummy gluten free food from a restaurant.
I've had food from here multiple times.
It's always good!
And the gentleman who helped me and my 20 questions (about what is gluten free and what's not) was very patient and helpful.

I have no idea what happened to this place but both the food and service has gone downhill in the past 6 months or so.
Now I have come to expect slow service like no one checking on if you need drink refills and inconsistent spice levels like tonight where I got the tom kha and panang both mild but the soup was bland and the curry spicy.
But the best part was getting ONE tiny piece of bell pepper in the panang.
Really?

Its alright.... quite ambient and its good for business casual hang out.
At least you dont have to yell across the table to get your communication going.
Food is ok. Its an americanized thai.
You taste spicy and salty but hardly you taste sour and the thai spice and fragrance.
The real deal especially soup call tom yam served in thailand will stimulate your every bid of your mouth with ozzing saliva.
Oh btw the way white tomyam is better than red once

The number 18 tohm yan soup is the best around for soup and noodle lovers.
Thai tea is great too, but it is powerful.
Medium to hot spicy will make you sweat, they don't joke around when it comes to spicy here.

Not happy because we added a dessert to our order at 3:29 and they said "kitchen closed" (they close from 3:30-5)...we ordered $40 worth of food.
First and last time coming here.

Lunch specials are good!
The garlic chicken/pork, bbq chicken and pad woon sen noodles are to die for.
Get them medium spice!

The worst Thai food I've had.
Greasy and over cooked by an staff who appears to hate their job.
I've tried this place a few times as it's close to home but I have always been disappointed.

I went in to order some take out and won't be back.
Nobody greeted me.
When I read the small sign that said to order at the register in the back, I stood there for three minutes while two members of the staff awkwardly looked at each other neither of them even acknowledging me.
I will not be back.
Service and staff don't know what customer service is.

This place is pretty good when we don't want to drive to Ray and Rural to go eat and Swaddees (this place is the best).
this place gets pretty packed during dinner on the weekends and service can be slow sometimes but the food is pretty good.
tohm kha soup is good, panang curry, pad thai, and the hot and spicy noodles are pretty tasty too.

Love the Tom Yom, Phat Kaprow and Panang Curry.
I'm convinced they'd do a heck of a better take out business if their phone line wasn't jacked half the time!

The best Tom Yham soup I have ever had and the salad rolls are to die for...
I'll be back here real soon.
A must for you Thai lovers!

Excellent food!
The tom kha soup was some of the best I've had.
Service was a little slow, but they were very busy and seemed to be short staffed.

I've been driving past this place for years.
From the outside, it looks like a fast food place with a drive through.
I was pleasantly surprised that they serve up some delicious Thai food.
I had the Panang Curry and it was delicious.
Portions are ample and I will be eating the leftovers for  a couple lunches..
I'm pretty happy about that!

Omg....
So yuuuummmie  Just moved to the state and I can't express how happy I am to have a Thai place so close to my home and have it be delicious.
The staff is amazingly warm, I am always happily amazed when a restaurant has amazing service.
I have not one negative thing to say!

Food is great.
I love the evil jungle noodles.
I'm only giving it 3 stars though because several times when I've tried to call in an order after 5pm, nobody answers.
I guess that's because they are busy, but they really should have someone available to answer the phones.

I love the food here at Thai Rama, but it's been awhile since I ate here.
Everything I've ever had here was very delicious.
However, it's far from where we live and not so convenient to dine here.
Periodically I have come here with my extended family and food is good, but service is so-so.
Although this is bad to say, I think if you're really Asian and going more to an Asian restaurant, although this does have an American flair to it, we don't tend to get great service.
Not sure why that is, but maybe it's a part of the culture.
Maybe if we were a bunch of white folks, we'd get better service, but then, maybe the food would taste different.
Authentic Asian food tastes better than the Americanized versions.
Thai Rama is like 50/50 and that's fine with me.
The Asian population is very spread out in the Phx area, so it's hard to do super authentic Asian (whether it's Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese or whatever) because most likely most of your customers will be more accustomed and want the American taste of Asian food, so I don't blame them.
Thai Rama is about my favorite Thai place and it's reasonably priced.

I ordered the lunch special and spicy hot.
Most Thai food in the Phoenix area is never spicy enough, but this had the right amount.
I had the yellow curry with chicken which had great flavor.
The onion and carrots were sliced thin and cooked crisp-tender.
I also ordered ice tea which had a great somewhat sweet flavor.
My only complaint was that the egg-roll was a bit over cooked.
The staff was attentive until they got slammed with a lunch rush.
There were only 2 servers, so I will cu them a break on that one

The food is amazing here, that's why I went back and originally gave them 4 stars.
My most recent visit, the place was packed, I only had 40 minutes to eat.
Placed a small appetizer order and after waiting for 25 minutes they finally told me they were out of what I ordered.
Great food, poor service when busy.

This place is great.
The food is really good and spicy if you want.
The drive up is really helpful as well.
I do wish they gave more rice than one bowl but that's not too big of a deal.

Just so everyone knows, when you order pad thai with medium spicy, be prepared to drink an entire gallon of milk with your order.
I've never had anything so hot before.
My boyfriend, who loves Thai Spicy, couldn't even stomach his order of medium spice pad thai either.
Maybe I'll order NO spice next time.
If we go back.

Went here on a Monday night and it was empty, so the service was awesome!
The food was delicious and just the right amount of spicy.
I thought the prices were very reasonable and we'll definitely come back again!

Love this place!
I always order the yellow curry.
love it!
I like that they have take out also.

Great food..great service!
Been here several times for both dinner and lunch specials.
Convenient call ahead drive thru too!
Clean and nice and cool inside :) Closed from 3-5 p.m.

I had the spicy thai fried rice, I have had much much better but they were the only ones open on Saturday so it was good.
Other than that the service was great and the restaurant is clean.

My father really likes the fried rice and my mother likes the evil jungle princess.
The soup is plenty for three people so Id recommend ordering smaller portion.
The evil jungle princess curry is not as thick as the other curry.
It is more like a soup.

I love this restaurant!
Food is delicious and service is quick and friendly.
Some favorite dishes are the tom kha soup, chicken Panang, and yellow curry.
The portions are large enough to share and are customizable with your choice of meat and spice level.
I would give this restaurant 5 stars, except they NEVER answer their phone.
Many times my husband and I have called to order dinner (to go) and the phone just rings off the hook!
Very aggravating!
We would order out more often if they had a reliable to-go system.
Other than that, highly recommended!

Really good Thai food!
We got a mix of curry, padthai and another chicken dish.
This is the first Thai place in many years where the food isn't over-powered by fish sauce.
There's still a hint (hence the four stars vice five) but not too bad.
We ordered takeout so can't comment on the service, although, our food was done on time.

Everything was excellent and very flavorful.
Just the right amount of spice in everything.
Highly recommend the Papaya salad and curry.
Service was great.
Glad to have found a good Thai restaurant in the east valley!
Our kiddo enjoyed the egg rolls and squid appetizer.
Atmosphere is good as well.

My favorite Thai restaurant in AZ!!
This place has a drive thru to pick up your food!!
This is so convenient when doing take out!
Friendly  owners and staff.
You can customize dishes by meat (chicken, beef, shrimp, tofu) and by spiciness.
Favorites are:   -Paht Kee Mow with chicken noodle dish mixed with stir fry variety of sprouts, carrots, onion, and broccoli.
-red curry with chicken with bamboo shoots, broccoli and other veggies.
-seasonal mango over sweet sticky rice and coconut milk to dress the whole thing for a sweet treat!

