Princess Nails gets the job done.
They don't have a posh ambiance nor do they use new supplies; even though all salons are supposed to, few ever do.
The lady doing my pedicure ($20) was quick, friendly and did a good job.
Of all the times I've had OPI applied to my nails, it dried the fastest here.
Not sure if it's because she put less coats or what, but it was nice not having to wait around for it to dry for +1/2hr.

Comme Ci, Comme Ça.
I left with painted fingers and toes, so I suppose I got what I came for.
The staff was friendly enough in-house but my mother-in-law got some attitude on the phone when she made reservations.
They do have low prices, but one word of caution; they upcharge for EVERYTHING.
Want callus removal?
$5.
Sugar scrub?
$5.
I sprung for the callus removal, which wasn't worth the extra money...
I left with rough heels.
:( They also failed to relay this info to my mother-in-law this while we were having our toes done; she only found out AFTER she had the sugar scrub.
My toes looked okay but my fingers left a lot to be desired; I had a splotchy paint job and the technician got a little too friendly with the cuticle trimmers; digging into the skin around my nails to the point of pain and a tiny bit of bleeding.
I suppose in a pinch I may go back for a pedi if I don't feel like springing for a full-on "spa pedicure", but it will probably be a good, long while.
There is another (unrelated) Princess Nails further East on Carefree Highway in the Walgreen's complex which seems to have much nicer reviews; next time I'll try them or Spazzi across the street.

This place is really nice, all their techs are friendly and helpful!
They use disposable buffers, files, and pedicure liners to be thrown away after service which is rare!
The price is fair and they make you feel welcomed!

I have given this nail salon 5 try's.
That is over $250 in mani and pedis!
I will never return!
I just paid $57 for a mani and pedi, I still have dry cuticle around my nail, my shins are red because the young lady did a continuous up and down motion on my shin bone which was extremely painful!
Did not clean under my toe nails, my feet are still rough!
My little flower is cute though.
Do not waist your money in this place!
I am in the beauty biz and typically do my own mani pedi at home.
When I do pay for a service I expect good service!
It is just so disappointing.

