Located in a little strip mall in Avondale in the Fry's parking lot this is the only Chinese food place that could be considered a mom and pop.
But its not.
First of all this place is over priced.
Its about 9.75-8.75 for a dinner combo and you don't get soup with the meal that was my first complaint.
The second was they skimp out on the meat in the dish and load you up with plain fried rice (its just soy sauce rice basically) and plain soba noodles.
The crab puffs were good the egg roll was OK.
I had the garlic chicken which was nothing special.
It had that fake brown sauce which had no hint of garlic.
I cant believe that these places don't chop fresh garlic into their meals.
Overall I would say avoid this one.
The food is about average and the service is too.
One other thing I asked for hot mustard and yes they brought me out packets like you would find at a fast food place.
Also my grandma asked for lemon for their water and they brought out a lemon packet for that too.
They said they had no fresh lemons :( that pretty much sums it up.

It was ok, we will mostly likely not go again.
We placed an order for take out.
Pork Foo Young and Sesame Chicken.
The egg in the foo young was very dry and the sauce was kinda of tasteless.
The Sesame Chicken was the usual fried chicken in honey sauce, it was ok.
The rice was moist and hot.

Delicious food from a local place.
The staff are friendly and the portions are huge.
Highly recommend if you have a hankering for chinese food at a good price.

Good and fast... food  Some coworkers and I rely on this place as a regular standby for Chinese food.
Portions are reasonably large and the dishes are flavorful.
All things being relative in the West Valley, this place is top-five for Chinese restaurants.
Not a haute eatery by any means.
More like a side diner you would find in a large city.
The ladies who run the place and nice and quick.
The Mongolian Beef is my and a coworker's go-to dish.
Lunch Special with a soda will run you about $11 with tip.

Always our old standby for a quick delicious meal.
Wife loves the hot and sour soup

scam of a place  menu has one price but they ring you up just a little more not so much you will notice.
Then when you get home you look at your recite and realize you have been overcharged but not to the point that it is worth going back up there for.

My husband and I went in for lunch.
I guess it should of been a red flag that the place was empty I mean there's a lot of businesses around.
Your better off going to Panda Express on Avondale Blvd and Van Buren.

The food here is pretty good.
I ordered the Mongolian beef and it was delicious.
It came in a pretty large serving, at least the "meal"version did.
Only bad thing is that  It's located next to a smoke shop, not the best place to bring a family.
I recommend ordering take out if you eat here.

