I have a lengthy history with this location but my last visit was bad enough not to return.
After having my brake lines flushed, the brake indicator light was on.
The mechanic claimed it was on when he pulled into the shop (it wasn't; I should know since I drive it every day).
They admitted the process can damage the internal float mechanism but they are unwilling to fix the problem they caused.
Even corporate ignored my plea.
The mechanic offered to disconnect the wire that turns on the dash light.
?!?!
I'm surprised he didn't offer to put electrical tape over my dash light.
On top of all that, I had to clean the grease off my steering wheel when I got home and the waiting room smelled like cig smoke.
A bad experience through and through!

Went there for service and was astonished that they charge 95.00 to just  look at my car.
I asked if I could use a competitor coupon and they said no!
You would think they want to get business built up, but I guess they have so much money, they don't need business.
I wanted to have them install dealer parts and they said they have to get the parts the self in order to install them.
When they gave me the price, they marked up the parts 200% more than I paid for them retail from the dealer.
This place is not the place to go if you need to save money.
Don't get me wrong, they are knowledgable and are reputable, but a deal, they are not.
I asked the manager if he could match Sun Devil Auto, and he said his boss does not give deals and to go somewhere else if you want!!!!!
Also wanted to do brakes on all 4 wheels and they wanted to charge me 1200.00 for the job.
They said the shoes and rotors were needing replacement and calipers were leaking and needed new ones.
I decided to go to brakes plus and the whole job cost me 165.00, the calipers, cylinders, and shoes and rotors were all still within turning range and I GOT LIFETIME WARRANTY TO BOOT.
WHAT A JOKE!!!!
THIS PLACE ARE CROOKED AS HELL AND A RIP-OFF!!

There was a time I would've given this company a 5 star, but at this point, I give it a one star for a number of reasons.
When Jack owned this business, I thought the mechanics were good and the pricing was reasonable and fair.
Since Jack sold his business probably 4-5 yrs ago, it's really been awful.
They fired eventually over a period of a year or so, all the mechanics that have worked for Jack for years.
Prices went up and quality of work went down.
Prices were no longer competitive and the labor rates went up, as well.
Parts were marked up more.
No longer did I get the personal service I saw before, which was having the same mechanic work on my car that always did, because they fired him for having a bad attitude (I think this meant that he was fair to customers, which equated to not making more money for the company).
Every old mechanic Jack used to have was let go or fired for some lame reason.
A shame, because they were really good guys and had a wealth of knowledge.
I feel like I'm in a used car lot and the guys don't really know what the issue is and they're just guessing and while they guess, I get charged or have to pay for this.
No thank you.
At least the last time I went to them, their labor rates were just about $100 and that is around what other places charge and doesn't make them any more special than going to another place where they could care less about me, too.
Anyway, I was able to find a really great mechanic that does really quality work, charges about half of what they charge, and doesn't try to sell me things I don't need.
I now have a truly honest mechanic and it's great.
When Jack sold this Napa, he really did a disservice for his customers.
I along others have stopped coming to this place because it's no longer reasonably priced, the quality of work isn't great, they don't really care, and I find no value in this place any longer.

These guys know cars!
Very fast service and very professional.
I will continue to use them for all my vehicles.
Great waiting room and good deal on their oil changes.
Five stars!

