Fast Friendly and clean...
This is my default Jamba.
The complex is easy to get to, easy to park, and never crowded.

I am actually really disappointed in the service I got today.
I went in and was deciding what I wanted to get.
I saw that there was a chocolate moo'd and a peanut butter moo'd.
I asked if I could mix the two so I could share the drink with my girlfriend.
The girl answered: "Yeah, they're both made of the same thing, with different things in them.
"   I'm still not sure what that means.
She then snapped at my girlfriend and didn't even ask us if we wanted a free boost.
It's a shame because I don't think we have ever had bad service at this establishment.
It's one reason we've returned consistently.

Perfect place to get a supplemental meal and drink to beat the sun.

Its a jamba juice, what else can i say??
its a little slower here.
I do prefer a Robeks over a jamba any day of the week.
Nothing to complain about, nothing to rave about...  Standard run of the mill Jamba...i know a franchise that is uniform...weird...

This is where I go when I think i'm getting a cold.
They have a smoothie called the cold buster (cold killer would be a better name) it seems to always do the trick for me.
Staff is rad.
Pretzel thingys are great too.

OK I am a little bit embarrassed to admit this but here goes nothing...I have had Jamba Juice before, but it had been years ago, I hadn't really thought too much about it, however my son watches "The Fresh Beat Band" on Nick Jr. and they have a store called "The Groovy Smoothie" on this show.
After repeated ..and I do mean REPEATED exposure to this show and their smoothies...I NEEEEEDED to go get a darn smoothie!!!!
So I went to Jamba Juice and ordered a 16 ounce Razzmatazz and a 16 ounce Peanut Butter Moo'd (so sue me I like to drink double fisted).
Needless to say I was foiled by my son realizing what I had and saying MAMA SMOOTHIE?!
(Did I mention he is 2?
)  So we shared and it was absolutely fantastic, just what I had been wanting.
The PB Moo'd is if you are looking for a sweet treat and the Razzmatazz is just a great fruit smoothie all the way around.
I was really pleased.
All in all?
Quick Service, very polite, fantastic smoothies....this is going to be a normal stop from now on, Im sure my son will be pleased too.

Iv had decent and bad experiences here, but this morning I left pretty pissed.
This could be a corporate complaint more than the actually store complaint.
I ordered a smoothie and oatmeal for like 7 bucks, after entering my number into the point pad It said I have 3 dollars off so I decided to use it.
Then the cashier told me okay 6 bucks and some change.
I asked why it said I got 3 dollars off and my price only dropped a dollar.
She said "because you got a meal, to redeem your 3 dollars off I took away the meal and charged everything full price".
SCAM I own a salon and I would not say okay tank tops are 2 for 20... help someone with a 4 dollar off coupon then ring in the tank tops full price so she can receive the discount.
I was really pleased by the new point system they are offering but don't be shady about it and change prices of the original order.
Honestly could care less to return to a Jamba juice.

Service felt really rushed and my smoothie was super chunky.
Plus, instead of filling the cup all the way up, the guy just sloshed a bit in the cup and then slapped the lid on.
Then he threw the rest of the smoothie away.
Um.
I think I'll just not go to this Jamba Juice again.

Highly dissatisfied, the credit card machine down on easter Sunday!!
Shit the bed jamba juice

Had a Groupon, so I tried it out.
Good smoothie, but overpriced without a Groupon.
Service was fast and friendly.

I visit Jamba Juice too often.
Based on the friendly staff, convenience and great taste of the smoothies alone, I'd say this is one of my favorite chain establishments.
I wish the one I frequent opened just a half hour earlier, but that's just me.
They're worth the wait.
Still, the amount of sugar and calories in each smoothy is pretty astonishing.
My current favorites are the Apples and Greens and the Banana Berry.
That'll likely change in a couple weeks' time.
I really haven't had a bad drink here.
Still, even though they use whole fruits and vegetables, I have to remind myself I can have to much of a good thing!

I love Jamba Juice.
The only reason they don't get 5 stars in my book is this location's awful customer service.
It would be one thing if it was a one time poor service but every time I come in here the employees are cranky and rude.
Today I stood there for a good 3 minutes while the people in the back chatted and the girl at the register avoided eye contact with me.
I finally had to walk up to the register to ASK IF I COULD ORDER.
Really?
Then to top it off when I asked for a substitution due to an allergy she scoffed at that too.
Ugh.
I love Jamba... Just not the employees that work here.

