Great service.
This is one of the best experiences I have ever had at a Red Robin.
We were in the mood for burgers and something the kids could eat that was close to where we were at when we were out and about.
I have not had anything else on the menu but this is a great place for burgers.
Check out the pics if you want to see for yourself.

Well I have been here many times in the past so I know what to expect even before walking through the door.
There is the Welcome to Red Robin greeting, followed by the question as to how many are in your party?
That is where the similarities end with this half burger chain and half sports bar and most chain restaurants.
Yes there are other chain restaurants with locations scattered in and around the valley that all promise the same hand crafted burger masterpiece, but how many of them offer that delicious burger combined with bottomless fries?
They may all offer similar products but ask anyone with any experience with chain style eateries and they will tell you there are always those small yet noticeable differences.
This location is near to the mall which means it is usally populated by middle aged couples, 30 somethings who like a few cocktails with their meal ( watch out for them on the road) , and teens who want to hang with friends and share some really tasty burgers.
Their claim to fame is their large selection of burgers, chicken sandwiches, salads, and drinks.
I normally order the mushroom swiss, or a bacon blue cheese burger.
With each juicy bite I can feel my stomach growing and my waist line expanding LOL.
Seriously if you want those little dried out frozen patties found at your local drive through then this is not the place for you.
Honestly as with BBQ it is important to understand that if you are going to do something make sure you do it right!!!
Don't take shortcuts, make sure you use the best ingredients you can afford, and most of all do not call something that it is not!!
It is like saying you want a Philly Cheese steak sandwich and then cooking a package of steakums and placing it on two slices of white bread.
Seriously with about 13 of  what they call their signature burgers, 7 kinds of bread, 7 kinds of cheese, and a toppings list that would make old Mcdonald which they came from his farm this is the place to indulge all your grilled beef fantasies.
Just make sure you learn from my experience and wear your large eating pants.
Trust me you will need them.
Case closed

My family of five & I frequent Red Robin at least twice a month.
We had been in Flagstaff for a few days & saw their new commercial for their new items.
The don't have any locations in Flagstaff so when we returned home we went to the Superstition Springs location for dinner.
It was a Tuesday night after 7:30 PM so we figured we would have pretty good service.
The Manager seated us quickly.
Our waiter came & didn't introduce himself.
I hate that.
Luckily the manager told us his name.
"J" took   our drink order.
When he came back we had some questions.
We were wondering if the $4.79 salad price was discounted with an entree item?
"J" informed us that we could order a salad as a side & it would be smaller or the bottomless fries would come with our burgers as a side.
Everyone ordered their usual.
I decided to try the new "Mt.
Olympus Burger" with the garlic mayo on the side.
"J" seemed to only have two other tables he was tending to.
"J" forgot my son's pickles on the side, we had to remind him a couple of times for extra napkins and we had to "flag him down" a few times to fill our iced teas (my husband had a cold).
My husband noticed that they had started to rescue the miners in Chile on one of the t.v.s near the other side of the restaurant.
We were the only people on our side of the place, I asked "J" if he could turn the channel so that we could see the news.
"J" seemed confused but went to ask the bartender.
"J" said that the bartender told him that it wasn't the news but they had just cut in to the soccer game.
(They were both wrong)  We had been straining to watch it the entire time we had been there and it was on half screen since it was LIVE HISTORICAL BREAKING NEWS.
My children had wanted to watch the rescue as well because we had been explaining it to them.
My young son asked why we didn't get to watch what we had asked for?
My husbad told him that the waiter was confussed way back when he started taking our order & we would have to wait until we got home to see it.
I had tried to flag down the manager but he was BUSY.
We noticed how the bartender & the manager stood watching the channel we wanted on the 3 t.v.s by the front/bar.
We finally had a visit from the waiter for more tea & ordered more chocolate milk for our children.
He offered us some dessert and realized that he hadn't yet offered us some more steak fries.
So we accepted the offer for more fries.
The waiter FAILED to mention that everyone's refills were free except my oldest son's.
Two chocolate milks for him were almost $6!!
(I am pretty sure I could get a gallon @ Walmart for less than that).
When I noticed that on the bill I ordered a cup for him and one for me for the rest of my iced tea.
"J" came back and said that they had to put in a fresh order of fries for us.
Perhaps he was wishing we wish decline the order.
We had ordered a box for my daughter's leftovers when we ordered the cups.
The box came and no cups.
We reminded "J" again.
By the time the fries showed up everyone was done "nursing their hamburgers" and my son was falling asleep.
We finally got our cups so we packed up our cold burger and our new fries and headed home.
Food was good but service was sadly lacking.
Perhaps we will make the extra drive to the Tempe location next time.
:-(

Campfire sauce is great with the fries.
Monster style also great.
Wrap Burger in lettuce to save calories.

This is my husband's current favorite restaurant.
I enjoy it too, although burgers aren't my favorite thing.
They've got a variety of gourmet burgers to choose from.
Their burgers come with bottomless fries, which is a nice touch.
Their appetizers are really good too.
We usually get full after only a few bites of the burger because of the appetizers and bring the rest home to eat for lunch the next day.
Great food for a small price!

I've been here 3 times and ordered 3 different things, and each visit has progressively gotten worse.
Visit 1: Clam Chowder Soup - pretty good actually  Visit 2: Mushroom Burger with Endless Fries - eh, pretty good, but I've definitely had better and it's pricey.
Visit 3: Salmon Burger ($10.81) - I can make a better salmon burger than this.
It consisted of whole wheat bun (not grilled, just soft), grilled salmon (that was dry), lettuce, and tomato, with Side Salad (super small salad but the honey mustard dressing was one of the best I've had).
I would've given Red Robin 2 stars, but I felt that there was a lot of salmon in my burger, which is rare in salmon sandwich/burgers.

Red Robin, YUM!
The burgers are pretty good, the BLTA is great when you hold the A (not an avocado fan).
Chesse sticks are pretty tasty and the endless rootbeer float is wonderful!
Wait, what??
ENDLESS ROOTBEER FLOAT??
Heaven!
Unbutton that top button on your pants and get yer food on!

Eh, it's a chain restaurant like all the rest.
Red Robin is kind of like the bastard stepchild of TGI Friday's and Applebee's.
As it sits along a stretch of road here populated by almost every chain restaurant known to man it is kind of unassuming and almost invisible.
Still, after dropping in here the other day for a quick dinner it is definitely worth a second look.
Yeah, it has all the standard retro pictures, movie/sports posters, and goofy memorabilia hanging on the walls that is the basis of their cheeseball decor.
Also has the over cheery waitstaff that you really want to strangle and just wish they would shut up and take your order.
The menu has a lot of burger choices along with many other entrees and appetizers to choose from.
One thing I noticed right away -   Bottomless fries and root beer floats.
Yes, BOTTOMLESS!
OMG - that is totally evil.
Must.
Resist.
Must.
Not in a burger mood tonight as I was craving some chicken.
Went with the Ensenada Chicken Platter.
Two boneless chicken breasts rubbed with a chili seasoning and served with a side of salsa and two dipping sauces -  salsa & creamy lime sauce.
Also comes with a salad with tortilla strips in it.
Honestly, this was pretty tasty.
The chicken was cooked just right and the chili rub tasted good, the salad was fresh, and the sauces were decent.
Not a bad spot to have a meal as far as chain restaurants go.
Attentive wait staff, clean space, and decent tasting food.
It's OK by me!

I went here tonight for dinner with a couple of friends and I must say... it was pretty meh.
I don't really understand how this chain got as big as it is because it is overpriced and not very good.
Plus the 'kitsch' is kind of annoying, right down to all of fake enthusiasm and the names of menu items.
I got the potato soup and salad combo (which costs 9$) and the salad was pretty terrible.
It looked like they opened a bag of rabbit salad and dumped it on a plate with some cheese on it.
The lettuce tasted like it had not been washed.
The soup was mediocre, not bad, but not as good as potato soups I have had at other chain restaurants.
Oh...and there was a bug on our table.
You heard me.
A bug.
I don't know what it was....but it was a medium sized bug and was kind of gross and unappetizing.
I'm not trying to say the place is dirty, because I'm sure every restaurant has had a bug come in...hard to avoid....but I think the place should be maintained enough to keep them off of the tables at least.
Anyway, I feel that my money and calories are best spent elsewhere, sorry RR.

Great customer service!
We have had awesome servers every time we have gone & pretty darn good food too.

This res robin rocks.
Selena is our waitress, and is awesome!

We left another Red Robin location after being treated like dirt & came over to this one.
We weren't griping necessarily, just commenting to the server about our experience, and he had the GM & manager come over & talk to us.
The food was great, as always, and then they took $20 off our bill just for the inconvenience that the other location had caused us.
Great staff, great food, and high on our list of places to eat.
We will be back!

The red royal burger is the best!
Fried egg with bacon cheese burger Yes please!
Service is always quick and attentive.
One time we had to catch a movie, the waiter whipped out our food so quick that we were literally only spent the total of 30 mins in the restaurant.
Great job!
Ask for a rewards card.
Every 8 burgers you buy get the 9th one for free.
Also a free burger on your birthday month.

This is a place for families!
They accommodate large groups easily and have a great family oriented atmosphere.
Their servers are always on top of their game and very friendly.

I don't think I like Red Robin quite as much as I used to.
The burger is still pretty good, although I don't really care much for the fries anymore even though I love the concept of free refills on them.
The service was pretty good at this location, but I don't think Red Robin offers a very good value for what it is.

Visited 11/23/12...
This is always a great place for a hamburger.
Endless steak fries.
And great shakes.
I have always had a good burger.
Better than fast food with bar and ability to have a beer or other beverage if you desier.
Good service.
Quick food.
Always a reliable choice for a quick burger.

Red Robin is consistently good.
This is the first time that we have been to this location, but we have been to several others and they are always good.
My husband and I sit in the smoke free bar area if the place is busy and it often is very busy!
I almost always get the whiskey river BBQ chicken sandwich and broccoli because it is great!

Always been a big fan of Red Robin.
Love the burgers, love the fries!
I wish they would stop changing the menu on me!
Every time I find an item I like its no longer available when I go back.
I always find something else, but it makes it kindof hard to develop a list of favorites.

RR is consistently a great place to visit.
It is clean and has really great food.
They don't even blink an eye when asked to customize a meal, no matter how odd.
This place is good for families, as well as elderly.
Alison is always a fantastic server; a ray of sunshine.

Overall, I like this place because they allow me to bring my dog if I sit in their outdoor seating area.
Dog friendly restaurant with good eats at a good price.
The one gripe I have is that the awning over the outdoor seating area is not very good.
Too much sun comes in during the summer months, making it hard to stay there very long.

Service is just excellent, Daniel seated our family with care.
The manager stopped by to ask if we needed anything...nice touch.
We have 4 small kids under age 8.
They made us feel welcome even though other places make us feel like we are intruding.
Oh, and the food is excellent!

We sat for 10 minutes before being acknowledged by a server.
Then it took another 10 minutes to get water.
Good thing we weren't thirsty.
A father and son sat next to us and received their drinks before us.
Once the server recognized how upset I was, he got our order in quick.
First impression is a lasting impression.

You're typical all American burger place.
Aka Shenanigans.
Quality burgers and great fries.
The place to go when you can't decide where you want to eat.

My Husband, my In laws & I came for dinner.
We waited an hour to get our food & when we got our food it was cold.
They remade our food & manager was nice & took half off our bill which was awesome but if we go somewhere to eat we don't want to wait an hour to eat & then get cold hamburgers.....

I have always been a big fan of Red Robin.
I love their burgers and I love their fries.
It's a real bummer that the last few times we've gone for lunch we've  noticed that both the service and the food quality aren't what they once were.
It's hard to put my finger on exactly what the problem is, but the burgers and sides just aren't as good (lower quality of ingredients perhaps?
Less fresh maybe?
)  As far as the service goes our waitress really did try, but they seemed like they were understaffed, and the hostess kept seating people in her section.
At any rate the service was slow and we were ignored most the time.
I think this last trip to Red Robin really will be our last.
Plenty of other places to get it decent burger around here.

