It's Starbucks, you know what you're going to get: good coffee, and friendly service.
As a side note, I happened to walk into this location right when they were cleaning the coffee machine they needed for my drink.
Even though I had to wait an extra 4 - 5 minutes for my coffee, the barista was very apologetic and kind, so I hardly minded the wait.

This is a new store.
HUGE, clean, SHINY new, and love the comfortable feel to the place!
Tons of tables, chairs, desk, couch, comfy chairs, etc.
The employees are friendly!

The baristas at this Starbucks are the BEST!
They are very friendly and make my drink perfectly every time.
This location is always clean and organized.
This is my favorite Starbucks location in the valley!

Worst wifi ever.
On its best day it barely works.
3 months of weekly wifi complaints an Google wifi provider can't get it functional

WARNING!!
WARNING!!
ALL PARENTS BEWARE!!
I should have know it was going to be BAD with the vacant look in Jasmines eyes.
I guess asking for honey with my oatmeal was more than she could handle.
Our 7 year old (yes seven year old boy) ordered a hot chocolate and she verified to temp it for a child.
After receiving our order he complained it didn't taste like hot chocolate.
We both tasted the said hot chocolate and found it to be coffee with mocha added.
WHAT ADULT give coffee to a 7 year old that ordered hot chocolate!!
It took it up to the barista and was told yes it was coffee with mocha as ordered?!?
I informed her that we had in fact ordered hot chocolate!
She was the only one working there that seemed to care about this mistake.
Then Alissa comes into the picture and offered to remake the drink as she rolled her eyes at me.
I explained we were leaving and to just refund our money.
She didn't seem to be happy with this option.
So rather than refund our money promptly she made two more drinks.
I asked for a number and contact person for this Starbucks location and she explained she was busy and it was going to take her a while.
I explained that the longer it took her to get me the information, the more I would complain.
Well here I am starting my complaining!!!
And this is just the start Alissa!
I am not sorry to interrupt your busy morning with my complaints!
And at no time did she apologize for such an error!
Seriously!!
Who thinks it's ok to give coffee to a child!!
FAIL!!!!
I wish Yelp would allow negative stars for rating!
And when I asked for a corporate number for Starbucks she took over 5 minutes.
At this point I just left and decided to do it my way.

The horrible service started when I waited a few minutes to be greeted at the window because the so called baristas are too busy gossiping & when the guy finally comes over he says "let me get your order rang in again, what was it?
" I wait for my coffee & a girl hands it to me, I said thank you & she just walked away.. Are you kidding?
I've tried many different Starbucks locations and it's just always just bunch of rude kids.
Once again I'm reminded why I go out of my way to buy from Dutch Bros, they greet me by name & have awesome service day in & day out.
Needless to say, I will not be returning to Starbucks.

