This resturant is located off the Carefree Highway and the I-17.
Its up in the Carefree Highway, and is in a shopping complex with other businesses.
My friend Austin and I decided to dine here after doing a drive down the carefree highway.
Its a restaurant, with a bar feel to it as well.
When you walk in, the bar is the center point of the resturant, and the seating boarders the resturant.
When we were there, it was seat yourself, and we chose to sit in a booth.
They have a nice menu of appitizers, including nachos, spinach dip, and a few other things as well.
We were greeted by our hostess, who was warm and friendly.
She seemed to have a good grasp on the menu, as we had a few questions about what dish to get.
We ended up splitting an appatizer, which was a plate of sliders.
They have two different types of sliders, one with sauerkraut, and one that is a french dip style.
Since Austin and I couldnt decide which one we wanted, we asked if we could do half and half.
The server said thats A Okay, and they did it at no additional charge.
The server was really good about offering us all kinds of items.
Things like booze, more food, desert, and even after we finished, she asked if I wanted a coffee with baileys!
I passed since I was driving.
I recomend this place if you are ever up in this area.
Great full menu, and its easy to have a conversation here, as the noise level has never been a problem.
Worth the stop!

I have to preface this with: Our expectations in the far North Valley are terribly low.
That said, Azool is good by any standard.
It's set up with the bar in the center, with old-style wooden booths along one wall, a fairly large performance / dining space, and a great patio.
The servers really set Azool apart.
They all know the menu, they're willing to bend over backwards to get you want you want, and they're always far enough away that they aren't hovering, but close and attentive enough to catch your eye if you need something.
The menu is both modern and unpretentious.
Everything from barely-grilled panko-crusted ahi sashimi over greens, to basic bar sliders.
It's a brief menu (only a page), but it's the kind of food I actually eat.
My one complaint is that they only have a handful of beers on tap, and aren't very adventurous with their drinks.
Sometimes they have live music, and it's great.
Just someone with a guitar and a good voice, playing good music.
"Good" about sums up Azool.
Everything about it is predictable, but well-done and enjoyable.
Update: Went here last night, and they ran out of carbon dioxide for the soda.
They ran to the grocery store and bought some bottled soda for us, and still didn't charge us for the drinks.
Awesome service.

Clearly I made a serious mistake taking these reviews at face value and not reading the other reviews these people wrote.
Clearly their idea of good food is not my idea of good food.
Clearly some cross referencing should have been done.
While I ate here twice - once at lunch, once at dinner - my experience was varied and mediocre at best.
Lunch was the better of the two for a few reasons - I ordered it to go and I remembered to get my salad dressing on the side.
The worst thing ever is over dressed salads and generic restaurants are infamous for it.
This place is no exception because at dinner the next night I forgot and my side salad showed up a soggy mess.
My marinara at dinner was cream based which is disgusting and also extremely over dressed.
I would have been better off ordering no marinara and just the sausage and plain spaghetti noodles.
Over zealous dressing fail.

The is the best casual local bar the north valley has to offer.
My husband and I frequent here mostly to eat .
The food is always fresh and delicious.
I highly recommend the burgers , best beef dip and yummy sweet potato mashers stuffed in a pablano chile.

Azool Grill has great food and a great bar for after dinner drinks if you want to stick around!
I've had at least 10 things from the menu and have never been disappointed with anything.
From fish and fries to the one of the best pulled pork sandwiches I've ever ordered, the food never seems to amaze me.
Sandwiches, pastas, salads... it's all absolutely great!!!
Meals range from $10-$15 each..
The bar has several beers on tap along with a larger line of hard alcohol.
Prepare to spend about $5/beer when though.
There is no such thing as happy hour either, so these prices are the same all of the time.
The staff and owners are what keep this place running.
There is a consistant stream of regulars that come through the doors and the staff makes each one of them feel at home.
You're always greated by somebody when you walk in the door and seat yourself and that type of attention keeps customers coming back for more.
The venue has two sides to it... both that have bars and dining areas available.
Big screen televisions and a projector television in the rear room show as many sporting events as possible while even broadcasting the occassional UFC fight.
A jukebox, pool table, Golden Tee arcade game, and electronic darts make sure that there is plenty to do while you are drinking and relaxing with company.
The patio is usually filled with those that choose to smoke, but if you can catch it empty at sunset, it's nice to sit and just watch the traffic go through the parking lot with a cold drink in your hand.
** Side Note ** --- the side room of the restaurant is available for private functions as well so you can have your own party there.
My wife and I did this for an event and we couldn't have been happier with the food selections and preperation and staff availability/friendliness.
Very reasonably priced too for your own private bar with full staff and your very own restroom!!!!
Enjoy!!!

Fish wasn't cooked.
Good Guinness.
My wife and I stopped in for dinner on Saturday 4-17-10 around 5:00.
We sat on the patio and ordered Guinness while we looked at the menu.
She got a French Dip and me - Fish & Chips.
Easy.
The patio was comfortable with the misters but the cushions on the wrought iron chairs had a lot of wear (sweat) on them - pretty gross.
The food arrived and looked good.
Her sandwich was great; lots of French Dips around are pretty flavorless.
My fish was deep-fried and crispy.
A really big piece and a very small piece.
Started w/ the small which was just okay.
Then tearing off a piece of the big portion - it was much juicier than fish should be - at closer look, it was kind of clear looking flesh, not flaky.
The waitress was right there and pleaded ignorance since she has never eaten fish.
I told here to just get me a French Dip instead.
About ten minutes later it showed.
No apology from the waitress (although she was nice enough) and no acknowledgement at all from the kitchen or anyone else.
If it was my restaurant I would've comped the entire meal - at least the food part.
Wasn't busy so I'm not sure why the kitchen may have been rushed if that was the problem.
We won't be back.

Azool Grill is quickly becoming one of our go to places, since there aren't many places to go near Carefree Hwy and I-17.
There is never a problem getting a booth no matter when we go.
The place is situated with the bar in the middle and booths/tables surrounding with quite a few TVs to watch various sporting events.
They also have a back room with dart boards/etc and a patio outside.
We haven't been on the patio due to many folks that smoke there.
They have 4 beers on tap (Fat Tire, Guinness, BL, and another I couldn't see), bottled beers, and full bar.
I've had a few of their items now and like the Cilantro and Lime Chicken sandwich with spicy fries.
The French Dip sandwich is also really good.
Just an FYI, they do play classic rock music there, which is fairly loud.
I didn't mind it at all, but there was one patron (older) that was complaining the last time we were there.
The staff is really good and attentive.
All in all we will be going there more often.

Great food at good prices.
Good live music

Went here at the recommendation of a friend and was pleasantly surprised.
Ordered the margarita and it was quite tasty - seems the alcohol content wasn't amazing but decent.
Chips & dip and wings very good indeed.
The interesting thing this place had going was the quality of the patrons singing karaoke.
Some of these people need to go audition for American Idol!

I go to Azool pretty regularly.
The service is always good and they have something for everyone.
I definitely do not recommend it as a "family friendly" venue, as its more of a sports bar.
But they have pool, darts, trivia, off track betting, a large viewing screen and cornhole.
Ask about the specials because they tend to be varied and different than the menu items.

More of a bar than anything.
I think their food is way too greasy and when I go in there, something is always sticky.
That's pretty gross..

My family had a decent dinner - I had a bug in mine.
The waitress was less than sympathetic when I mentioned the extra protein in my food.
I finally told her forget it, so they kindly credited back my portion of the meal and I left hungry.
I gave it two stars because apparently my husband and son's dinner was edible - I wouldn't know as I left hungry.

The food is OK, but over priced, crowd is 20's to 40's and semi-biker-ish, the service is all right, but the staff seams shady.
I am not sure what is going on with the people who work there but we have a friend that lives nearby and I have (reluctantly) been to Azools several times.
Once the bartender picked up my money then claimed he hadn't, asking me for more money, a few minutes later saying he had forgotten he had already picked it up.
Another time the owner followed us out to the parking lot claiming we had not paid, then walked away before my friend could even respond.
Going back in to clear things up the owner pretended like she had no idea what we were talking about.
Another time we had placed an order, in a very short time something completely different was placed in front of us and the waitress very quickly exclaimed "Whats wrong?
THIS is what you ordered!".
Her response was very immediate and sounded rehearsed.
I think it might have been a miss-order from one of her other tables she was trying to guilt us into paying for.
We only go there because there are little other options in the area.
Some times the service is average but we have are so many such incidents it makes me think there is something shady going on.
My friend has said other local merchants have other such odd stories about the owner and restaurant.
Normally I don't eat at chain restaurants but when I visit I prefer the Chilles next door by default.

I've been a long time customer of Azool.
They have the best steaks/large meals on CareFree Highway.
The drinks are cold and they have a nice selection.
I always sit at the bar, it's where the action is.
If your expecting a nice mellow place to eat then get there earlier in the day.
It is a bar first and a grill second.

Love this place!
Good people and good times

I enjoyed the chorizo and egg in a hash brown bowl.
It was delicious, very filling and awesome presentation!
If you are a Minnesota Vikings fan this is the place for you:)   There are tons of flat screens to watch games and horse betting is available.

Good food.
Would have been better if the smokers on the patio closed the door.
Good bar fight.

Food middle of the road...
The staff is rude..
Seems like it starts with the owner.
I think she makes the staff pay for everything that goes wrong so in turn they dont want to fix issues with poor, wrong food etc.
I think she tends to forget the customers are actually what keeps a business open.
For a long time it was the only choice in the area.
Now there are multiple choices.
If your in the area Chili's or Connolys is much better choice in my oppinion.

Went here for lunch last week and was disappointed.
Food was bleh, nothing special.
Probably not a bad place to go grab a drink just too far for me.

Went there last Sat for dinner.
My mom had their Prime rib special and I had their ribeye.
We were both extremely unimpressed.
We both ordered a salad with our dinners.
I have never been to any restaurant that brings the salad on the same plate as a steak or prime rib.
So it goes without saying that our salads were drench in steak juice.
Also moms prime rib was ordered medium rare and was brought out Rare and bloody (all over her salad too).
Our waitress was not attentive and kept hanging at the bar jamming out to the music instead of checking our drinks or to see if we needed anything else.
We did send the prime rib back for the extra cook time but it definitely was not worth it.
I think this place might ok to hang out and have drinks but I don't think it's really worth the drinks either due to the overall poor experience we had.

Seems like a fun place to drink and hang out.
The Spicy Thai wings were nice and big and the flavor was fantastic!
Shared a smoked pulled pork sandwich and it was pretty good.
I think the service could have been a little better since there were only 2 tables of people eating.
Several at the bar that the bartender was taking care of.
I think it's over priced for what you get.
I think everything should have been $2-$4 less.
The happy hour special for domestic bottles is $3.25 and most places it's $2.
I would go back to check it out during happy hour, but probably not to eat.

What an awesome neighborhood bar.
I brought my little brother here when he was in town and the service was spectacular.
For entertainment they have pool, darts, games and music.
Our waitress Chris was more than attentive.
I will defiantly be coming back!

So I came in for a quick beer before heading home.
After my beer I decided I wanted a grey goose dirty martini with bleu cheese stuffed olives.
I should know better right?
I asked the bartender if there was any chance they had bleu cheese stuffed olives because I really wanted a martini with them.
She said no.
The frown on my face must have put her into service mode because she said, "we have blue cheese crumbles.".
I tiled my head to the side and raised my eyebrows and then...she said "I guess I could stuff some for you.".
I smiled and off she went to the kitchen after grabbing 3 large olives from the bar.
Service is everything.
Especially when places are willing to go above and beyond for an "off the menu" item.
Bravo Azööls, Bravo.

The food was subpar.
Although most of the staff was pleasant, I had the displeasure of spending time with the owner and her... um... boyfriend?
They sucked all of the fun out of the environment.
I had a very unpleasant experience at this establishment.
For a place that advertises it's self as a sports bar, they sure don't have very many TVs in places that you can actually see them unless you're sitting at their bar.
And the bar isn't very big!
Do you self a favor and drive a few minutes down the road to Connolly's.

Good booze, good prices, good clean fun!

Here is the exact text I just sent my roommate: Also btw azool bar on carefree is new place.
Horse betting.
Great food.
Amazing bloody Mary's.
Open at 10 and have 4 breakfast items.
Two bars and pool tables.
It's the sheeee...

Just wasn't for me...  Cowboys everywhere... the food was not good.
I suspect it's a great spot if you live in the neighborhood and want a place to meet friends.
If you are alone forget it.
I didn't finish my food, had it wrapped up and went somewhere else to eat.

Still horrible.

The shrimp cocktail is the bomb.
Sweet potato fries aren't bad either.
Hubby enjoyed the wings.
What makes this place stand out the last two visits is the live music.
I was really impressed with a band they had from Flagstaff though I am not sure who they were.
It's pretty ok for a local bar.

I wish I could comment on the quality of food, but the first 10 minutes were so horrible I couldn't even stay long enough to eat.
Walked in with a group of five, including two children under 10, and immediately was overwhelmed by how absolutely loud it was inside.
There were multiple TVs blaring and no one to greet us, but rather a bartender who screamed from over the bar to pick a seat.
We chose patio seating outside in hopes of actually being able to hear each other speak.
We get outside and our waiter takes our drink orders.
Before we could even order for the kids, he said that they couldn't have their juice drinks on the patio.
Weird, but okay, fine.
We asked if we could set them down by our bags and the waiter, without any remorse, said no-- we had to throw them away or put them in the car.
Already off to a bad start and we didn't really care to stay for more, so we gladly left.
Sure, if I were to bring in a Starbucks coffee and sit down at the restaurant, I would understand, but these were KIDS with gatorades.
Typically, the argument against bringing outside beverages in to a restaurant is that the restaurant wants you to purchase a beverage from them, but we weren't even given a chance to order drinks for them (which we had planned on) because of how abrupt the waiter was.
And then not to even let us set them aside?
Ridiculous.
Rules are rules, but be courteous and friendly while delivering them, and maybe make sure everyone has ordered before you start barking them out.

First visit Saturday 8/17/2013 - VERY LAST VISIT - recommendation to everyone reading YELP AZOOL GRILL Rating - DON'T go here even one time for your own health and safety.
Ready for a turn your stomach review?
For our own health safety we are never going back and turned in a complaint to Maricopa County food inspector http://www.maricopa.gov/EnvSvc/Complaints/Forms/ComplaintForm.aspx  We told the waitress it was our first time at Azool Grill and asked the waitress for recommendation - she recommended fish and chips.
I double checked with her and I ask if it was from frozen or fresh - she said "Fresh".
At her excited recommendation ordered fish and chips.
NOT sure what it was but not cod, not sure what the batter was but for sure it was tasteless.
Now for the health scare - after the third bite there was a oozing moisture leaking out on the "steak fries" I decided to open the fish, cold, cold, cold and frozen - like the kind of frozen that the fork could not penetrate.
We feared for our health safety.
Only three fries were not soaked with wet defrosting fish moisture.
Cole slaw - could not even keep first taste down, spoiled, slimy and old.
Draft Guinness Beer - warm and no head, glass dirty.
We told the waitress the fish was still frozen she said, "oh my bad luck other customers have also complained of frozen fish!
"  Liar, Liar, waitress!
Listen up Mr. Azool owner, your staff are aware of the frozen food and still recommending this to customers, I wonder if they are doing you in, but then again, you are doing yourself in if you are not checking reviews or tasting the food.
Waitress and cook at Azool Grill you are cost your owner well spending customers.
As we walked out of this place we took notice there were very few people in the place and NO ONE had food!
Darn should have noticed that on the way in but it was so nasty dark that we were watching our steps instead of taking note of the theme that no one was eating food.
Frozen soggy, not sure it was cod, soggy fries, can't trust recommendation from staff.
Waitress didn't take food off the bill or let the manager know - done, done, done not wasting money or winding up in the hospital from the food being extremely under cooked.

Service is hit or miss here, food is the same but the patio is a nice place to hang and the drinks are decent.

Nothing bad about this place.
They do have pretty good food and a selection other than the typical greasy bar-food as well.
Beer selection is adequate and staff is pleasant.
It's a place that I stop by for lunch on occasion.
It's better than the alternative next door.... Denny's.

Came here passing through on thsnksgiving and was so Pleasantly surprised!
Erin was a great waitress, welcoming and helpful.
No attitude when I asked to taste the dressing for the Caesar salad prior to ordering!
The salad was delicious , I hAd grilled Shrimp with it.
Hubby got mixed plate if hamburger sliders and sausage sliders and French fries that were thick and crisp.
Given that we were prepared for Denny's which was closed, we felt we had a bonanza!
Only negative us one cited by previous reviewer.
The tv volume was ridiculous.
My ears are still experiencing some pain answer left ten minutes ago!

Great little place for good food and drinks.
My husband and I live near here and dropped in one day for a quick drink and were pleasantly surprised with the service we received and the quality of the food!

FIrst time and just passing through.
Saw someone order the Bratwurst Sliders that were listed as appetizer.
Four nice size sliders with bratwurst, swiss cheese and sauerkraut.
Also comes with plate of fries!
Surprising for appetizer but I wasn't complaining.
Very tasty.
Price was right.
Atmosphere was like a neighborhood bar.
Nothing special unless you are a regular.
Gave it that extra star just becuase of brat sliders.
never seen it before and it was tasty.
Good solid choice for some bar food and cocktails.

For those of you who don't know how to yelp correctly; it's about the food.
Almost didn't come to this place because of the stupid reviews.
Review the FOOD people and comment on the service and atmosphere.
We had the Cajun shrimp angel hair pasta all done perfect.
Ahi tuna salad was fresh, tuna cooked perfect and the wasabi dressing wonderful in the tongue    BTW- service was 5 stars as well.
We'll be in AZ a few more days and gonna come back a few times before we leave.
Wonderful!

Tried the Rib eye last nite at Azools.
It turned out great.
I usually always go with the sliders as theses are hard to beat.

Sorry I really don't like the service at all!
I have been there several times and every single bartender is so rude.
Especially the owner?
Food is good but too expensive.
Hoping for another bar to open up.

Thought this place was a sports bar, even has autographed memorabilia all over the the walls.
However, I went in to watch the All star game (sports you know) and the owner insisted that a reality show must be played and also heard throughout the bar.
I defiantly DO NOT RECCOMED AZOOL for anything but a beer and reality television.

