I happened to be running some errands in the area and saw their special ($33 mani/pedi).
I had an hour or so to kill so I went in to an almost empty salon that smelled of mildew.
I should of just walked out right then and there.
The man there gestured to grab a color and the lady who did my pedicure was sneezing with a runny nose the entire time.
She left me there about five times to go the bathroom to blow her nose.
She didn't seem to do anything when I said the water was scathing hot.
Anything I said was met with an expressionless face.
I couldn't believe what an atrocious job the whole thing was.
The man would shout out to customers across the salon...just very unprofessional.
And throughout the entire time the man and the woman doing my nails were speaking in their native language in a heated argument.
Relaxing??
I think not.
And finally...and this is a killer for me who has two kids and just wants to read up on current celebrity gossip for an hour and relax...all of the magazines were a year - yes a YEAR - old!
What's the point of having them out, much less reading them?
I couldn't believe when the guy said that they've been in business for over six years.
I've been to many salons such as this one and many of them (Scottsale Nails and Paulene's Nails on Bell) leave me very satisfied.
This one - not so much.

Horrible experience - very disappointing!
I tried this place last Saturday for the first time and won't be going back for more.
The lady (I think she was Russian) who gave me a pedicure was rude (told me that my choice of polish color) won't look good.
She was also rough and smeared my toe (on my sandal).
I had to call her attention to fix the smear - she appeared pretty lazy.
So, I did not tip that day - I always tip for good/great service but not that day.
Plus, I thought they were overpriced.

Boy, they done me wrong!!
I've been going to get my pedicures at Royal since before they became a "spa" and a few years ago, they were honestly great!
This last time I went, I made an appointment and when I walked in, everyone greeted me like the long time customer I am.
I sat down to get my pedicure and got it done by the Russian lady.
The pedicure was mediocre, if that.
The thing that got me the most was that when I asked for the "crackle" black top coating, not only was it a hassle for them to do it, but she also charged me $2 to apply it.
I understand everyone needs to make money...but to charge $2 for a few strokes of nail polish, when the bottle costs $4 next door at Walmart?
I don't care as much about paying two lousy dollars but to pull that when I've been a customer for about 5 years now?
Nuh uh!
When it was time for my next pedicure, I took my business to Ali's nails across the street.
Will not be returning to Q Royal ever again, and I suggest you don't try them either.
They are too high on their horses and don't appreciate clientele at all.
And they just raised prices for some reason, like they think the service got better or something???
No.
Spend your money elsewhere.

My friend and I came in looking for pedicure before we headed back home to the bay area.
We both got a pedicure and I got a manicure to.
They were pretty nice, although thelady my friend had kept trying to upsell her on this special manicure and just wasn't getting the hint.
She was pushy and rude.
The lady cut my friends skin on almost every nail and now she has a FUNGUS infection in one of her fingers.
I now have a fungus infection in my big toe!
That is DISGUSTING!!!
This place is DIRTY and UNSANITARY!
The place I go out here always pulls their tools from a sanitized pack and every client gets a new pack.
If im ever back in the area I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN!!

** UPDATE (5/17/13): Tried them out again after the owner (Mya) wrote me and was very impressed.
Their salon is very soothing and has a definite "royal" feel.
Soft lavender walls w/crown molding, and 3 rustic chandeliers grace their ceiling.
Nice, soft Muzak in the background.
Beautiful black-and-white chairs w/dark purple pillows at their nail stations.
Awesome pedi chairs - black leather, massaging, and each chair has its own PURPLE iPad.
Yes, I said every chair has it's own iPad to surf, work, etc.
Very clean and meticulous which is pretty important to me.
I noticed they also use a new plastic liner in between each spa pedi.
Love this!
Customer service is stellar also - very friendly and attentive!
Offered me (and others) small bottle of water.
They have done a complete 180 from 2 years ago (under different owners).
I'm a fan!

Disgusting!!!
Walked-In for service -- took few looks and left.
Walked into restroom to wash my hands and filth all over the walls.
Did not appear sanitary at all.
This is my first Yelp review as I was that grossed out and wanted to warn y'all... Ick ick ick!!

My mother-in-law comes here about every 3 weeks and sings nothing but praises.
I don't live in the area but I've been treated to several mani/pedis when I come in to town.
I have always left with a great experience, I feel relaxed and pampered.
On my last visit I can officially say I received the best French gel manicure ever.
It was flawless!!
If I only lived closer, I would treat myself to one of these every month!

Came in for a pedi after my favorite pedi lady went MIA at another salon.
After much research on YELP, I decided on Q Royal.
I read some bad reviews and then realized the salon got new management and after that all the reviews were positive.
I am happy I had tried Q Royal and will be coming back.
They had a huge selection of polishes they do a nice job of putting like colors together so you're not spending 10 minutes searching for the different shades of red.
Maya was super nice and spoke great English, so there was no communication issues.
She did a wonderful job.
Maya spoiled my legs, my feet and my toes.
There was no holding back with the leg and foot massage.
Next time, I will pay extra for a longer massage.
Speaking of massage, the chairs they have for each pedi station was amazing.
The chairs are in great condition and the remote is easy to control unlike others I have sat in.
Oh and each pedi station has it's very own iPad that is connected to the Internet to mess around or work if you have to.
(You won't be thinking of work while getting a pedi, trust me!
)  they do provide free wifi if you need it.
I also saw a cute couple that came in and it was refreshing to see a guy come in for a mani and pedi.
I said I wish I could get my husband to come in for a pedi.
The masculine guy said his mani and pedi was amazing and he would be coming back.
I asked him to take a pic of him so I could prove to my husband that men do get mani and pedi's.
I hope I can talk him into coming with me.
Looking forward to coming back to have Maya spoil me again.
Thanks Maya!

I was given an original wait time of 10-15 mins .
My friend gets called first - as I am sitting with my friend she starts her manicure, I assume that I will start shortly after her.
To my surprise, a group of two kids and a mom get seated and serviced right away as they roll in 20 mins after i was waiting to get started .
Finally 1 hour later  , guy asks if I still wanted nails done.
What a joke!
Def don't recommend this place if you're looking to enjoy nail time with a friend.

