I joined the SCC Fitness and Wellness Center over five years ago and there is hardly a day that goes by that I am not there working out.
The SCC fitness facility is one of the best equipped in the country.
It beats the half dozen or so 24 hour fitness facilities that I have belonged to in CA and AZ plus beats my former corporate employer (was 2nd and now 3rd cell phone manufacturer in the world) by a country mile.
The SCC equipment is up to date and SCC has a great and very helpful staff.
My reason for this review is to congratulate the fitness center for its sponsorship of  the 100, 200 and 300 mile club.
The objective was walk, bike and/or use the elliptical or arc machines to accumulate 100, 200 or 300 miles in 100 days.
For those that have watched "Office Space" I didn't want to settle for the minimum "flair" and went beyond the required 300 miles.
Yesterday was the bagel brunch followed by t-shirt award.
Coach gave an inspirational  speech asking everyone to close their eyes and think about riding a bike full out for 200 yards, climb a steep hill, bike full out for another 200 yards and then ride downhill.
He made the comment 98% will stop pedaling and coast with only 2% continuing to pedal.
For those that received t-shirts they were part of the 2%.
Whether or not the figure is 2% or 5% or 10% it is still a small number.
I strongly encourage anyone who bothers to read this to motivate themselves in a similar fashion.
My next goal is to lose a few more pounds to get into the normal BMI body index range.
What is your goal?

I cannot recommend SCC with more sincerity.
I am a law student at ASU and a MBA student at the University of Nebraska, and I was able to get to this point because the teachers at SCC believed in me even though I was a poor student when I was younger.
I highly recommend attending SCC, if for no reason to help discover the passions that reside in all of us.

As a part of my move to Phoenix, I am trying new things.
One such thing is tennis.
This has been high on my list of things to learn for a long time, mainly because tennis players have great legs.
:)  Anyway... enter Scottsdale Community College's Beginning Tennis class.
It's me and a couple other older students (older, as in 25-50) learning tennis with a bunch of 18 year olds on Monday nights.
You might think this would be weird, but it's totally not.
I can't believe more people don't take advantage of such a great deal on lessons.
The instructor (Dan) is very laid back and fun, but he knows what he's doing and is always willing to help.
Every Monday I leave in a great mood, even if I play poorly.
And if tennis isn't your thing, sign up for yoga, or salsa, or ceramics.
Just go LEARN something!
You'll be glad you did.
Highly recommended.

Four 300 mile in 100 days cool t-shirts (black, blue, red and now silver) later and still working out almost every day of the year when in town.
At $20/month the SCC Fitness and Wellness Center is a fantastic deal.
Twenty plus arm/leg work stations in the center, loads of arc trainers, ellipticals, tread mills, stationary bikes near the TVs at one end and free weights, pulleys at the other end.
On the second level is the indoor track with more stationary bikes for spin plus some of the better leg and arm machines.
There is also a massage center but have never used it so no comment.
All things considered a fun place to visit whether talking to Bill on Basketball and Football (his team = Kansas, my team = UCLA) or Michelle on how to use certain pieces of equipment or kidding the staff on all sorts of topics of the day I feel every visit is worthwhile.
As the flying nun (Sally Fields) would say in the TV commercials you only have one body and mine wants to exercise.

Twelve, maybe thirteen years have passed and I decided to go back to school.
I fortunately landed on SCC for their web design program without even knowing the perks or the quality I was receiving.
SCC is one of five (I think that was the number I was told) schools in the country using a Citrix program that allows all students remote access to the software that they need in their coursework.
What that meant for me was I didn't need to buy the Adobe Suite, or sit on campus doing homework all the time.
This is huge.
Trust me.
Secondly I had to take three classes this summer through Rio Salado on-line and I didn't know how good I had it with SCC!
SCC is so much more organized, the professors grade your projects sooner and offer feedback not to mention they use Blackboard for on-line classes which while it's not the best, it's functional which really says something.
To anyone out there debating where to sign up for classes, even on-line classes, I urge you to consider Scottsdale Community College.
The quality is superior and it even comes with "perks".

-Business Institute offers "fast track" courses to be completed in 8-weeks via Online (some may be offered in person).
-SCC BI doesn't use the "Blackboard" system like some of the other Maricopa Colleges (except Rio).
Email your assignments to the Instructor.
-Per the Business Institute's procedure & process - email your assignment and you MUST receive an email confirmation from the Professor BEFORE turning in any other assignments.
-Various business, marketing, and small business courses start every few weeks.

I took a class at the Business Institute in 2007- and gave them credit card information to pay for the class.
They are now- 4 years later- charging me for the class again and saying that they never extracted payment in 2007, even though they had all the right information.
Shady.
I would warn anyone who takes classes here to save all of their reciepts for payment... no matter how long it has been.

I am rating this college based on the advisement I received there.
They royally screwed me over and wish I had never enrolled at SCC because of it.
I had never been to SCC before and was planning to sign up for the nursing program they offer.
In the meantime I was finishing some credits up in order to get my AA degree there.
(Associates of Arts, basically a General Studies degree) and was advised to take three classes, each class being three credits each.
I was told that was all that was necessary receive that degree from them.
Upon turning in my petition for graduation, the adviser that was helping me informed me that I was unable to receive my associates because I had not completed the required minimum of 12 credit hours with SCC.
(Even though I had racked up enough credit hours throughout a couple different Maricopa Community Colleges to almost have a bachelors degree in SOMETHING.
) I was never informed when I enrolled in SCC that 12 credit hours was a requirement.
If that had been so, I wouldn't have moved out to Scottsdale to attend SCC, nor would I have attended SCC period.
Other than the advisement, the professors were great and I enjoyed my classes.
Even though all of the time and money was wasted.

Testing Center is frustrating to deal with.
They are unfriendly and it's like pulling teeth to get any helpful information from them in regards to setting up a proctored exam.
It's as though they delight in not being able to help you.
I'd been in communication with them about the date I needed to take the exam, my school sent the exam and I called to set up a time and now, at this point I'm told they don't do proctor exams during finals week.
They could've told me that earlier.
I will be using someone else to take the exam.

