The drive-up service is horrible!
They ask you to pull around because they are "out of fries" (every time REALLY?
) and they give your food to the wrong people!
Wendy's used to be good, but their service is terrible now.
DON"T pull out to the parking lot or you are asking for problems!

Came through the drive thru around 230pm.
There was no line and I was helped right away.
I ordered a jr bacon cheeseburger, crispy chicken sandwich, and a small coke.
The total was under 4 bucks!
This is what I normally order from Wendy's, so I'm excited to say that this was one of the better Wendy's!
It was fast warm and fresh.
The bun was soft and fluffy, the bacon crisp, the chicken crisp outside with moist interior.
I was very impressed!

This was actually considered my second time eating out at Wendy's at this location in particular everything was completely satisfactory and fine up until I had went up to the counter and the woman behind the cashier was a woman by the name Lupe.
I remembered I had ate there before it was so much better one year ago.
Customer service was much more professional and the only good thing about this place is their quality of food, which I will rate this 2 out of 5 stars.
The woman behind the cashier was pretty damned rude and seemed agitated enough that she did not even want to be there, I was confused in regards to the menu due to the lack of being there in such a long time and she actually exasperated a couple of times and became even more irritable after apparently to her I wasn't fast enough to make up my mind.
Dave Thomas would be rolling in his grave to see how the low paying scum bags treats those of us who keeps them in business.
They have officially lost my business that is for sure, typically I am used to going to more professional and higher quality foods.
It's understandable that inside of our society right now everyone is agitated about the Economy and we're at a crisis situation however it's no one else fault not considering the everyday people are concerned.
They should probably read the Bible once and learn the correct way to treating other people.
I am not condemning the entire employees but there are some good people working there, just some rotten ones (will always slip in one way or another)   Sign you're resignation and provide you're place for someone else who actually deserves the job and someone else will just fill in the space in between.
That seriously just made me feel agitated, Maybe they need to take some advice from me

