really like the sandwiches here!

It seems crazy to give a fast food restaurant a five yeah I know...
But when everything always comes out fresh and just how you ordered it what else do they deserve?!?
This can only be guaranteed when Thomas is working "the night shift" lol he's the best manager ever!!
He actually gives a .... : )

Great service and the food is prepared for every order instead of sitting out like most fast food places.
The manager is friendly and the place is clean.

As a rule I despise ALL junk food restaurants.
But when I'm hungry - and nobody's looking - I will stop at a Jack In The Box for their DFTs.
That's Dog Food Tacos, made with genuine Alpo, deep fried in a single unit without benefit of cheese.
The traditional JIB hot sauce (they used to call it Secret Sauce until the novelty wore off) always made their DFTs the best in the industry.
The good part is their DFTs haven't changed since I was little: they're still two for 99c, still generously greasy and still made with the best ingredients Alpo can supply for a meat-like substitute.
Last week I stopped at this store for my occasional half-dozen order of DFTs.
What I got were real, true-to-life tacos - plump, fresh, and made with real ground beef!
They were to die for!
I complimented the girl on their new quality.
Then, late last night, I snuck out (alone) to get a fix of DFTs.
Predictably, I got their usual grease-sodden DFTs and not the nice ones from last.
week.
While waiting, I saw a big ad for something called a Sour Dough Jack.
The sandwich in the picture was fresh, healthy, and had slices of cheese, fresh bacon and a beef patty, so I asked if I could have one made like the one in the picture.
I tried to make it clear I did not want a sandwich that looked like a 300 # fat lady sat on it to keep it warm, and I didn't want it with any 3-day old bacon.
I was assured I could indeed, have that.
When I got home, I found last week's old bacon and the sandwich was typically squashed - nothing like the one in the picture.
I took it back and they agreed to re-make it properly.
That they did, and included a free milk shake because I just made a needless 7-mile round trip.
The replacement sandwich still had 3-day old bacon.
The bread, while looking like sourdough in appearance, just tasted like plain, ordinary sandwich bread.
The small beef patty was overcooked, dry and tasteless.
And this little hockey puck set me back almost $6.
This is why I avoid junk food joints: these slop-shops never take a lick of pride in anything they serve.
Their motto: 'Show great pictures but give them garbage.
Now, slop them hogs and send them on their way!
'  UPDATE:  "Edgar E." of Mesa, AZ, writes in that he believes $6.00 is a small price to pay for a tiny, soggy sandwich.
It's a free country, Edgar, and you're free to waste-away your wealth any way you wish.
And if it weren't for folks like "Edgar E." to support shoddy restaurants, we'd have NO crummy places to throw away our extra cash!
And wouldn't that be a shame?

