They always seem to have the stuff we need, and a helpful and knowledgeable staff as well.
Open Sunday's too, which came in handy when we had an emergency once!
They test your water for free and advise you on what you need to add, if anything.

It seems as if I'm here once a week.
When we moved to the Valley, our new house came with a pool.
In other parts of the country this has always been a negative, but not here for obvious reasons.
Mike, and everyone at Leslie have been sooo helpful in our transition of learning how to take care of our pool.
We did have some local pool services.
But they only lasted 6-8 months before they sold the business to someone else.
That said, Leslie has always been here for us.
The killer for me are the O-rings.
They're everywhere in your pool.
From the pop-up water blowers on the bottom, to the electric pump and filters.
But here is where a dedicate pool guy like Mike is invaluable.
He takes what you bring him.
Asks where it came from and then he goes over to his book -- BAM!
He gets you the part and tells you how to install it.
There is also an option of Leslie coming to you house to do the work for you.
Very nice!
I would also recommend that you sign-up for their email blasts and catalog delivery.
It's a good idea because they will send you 10%, 15% and 20% off coupons once a week.
Delivery is usually free, but I like going to Mike who also accepts them.

Customer service is awful and that is being kind.
Recently tried to stop in a buy some pool acid and was told they were too busy to help me so I took my business elsewhere.
The service clerk could not have been more rude if he tried.
Avoid this business at all costs unless you want to be treated like you are pond scum.

Customer service is awful and that is being kind.
I got into a yelling contest with the store manager as he did not to want to accept a return from last night.
I bought a DE for my pool filter and checked with the clerk that if needed I can return it with no problem (as long as I did not open or used it).
The store manager told me that he cannot accept "chemicals" back and that the clerk from last night made a mistake saying that I can return it (although the night before the clerk specifically said that I can return it).
After the yelling contest and raising my blood pressure the store manager "agreed" to take it back and credit my credit card.
The store manager was unprofessional and on somewhat slezy.
Not a nice experience and I would not recommend this store.
(and for Leslie management, please send this manager to some customer service and conflict resolution training, he needs it quickly before he get into trouble).

Terrible customer service.
The store manager Mike has the worst attitude - needs to re-think why he is in business.

Customer service is horrible but if you know want you want and can keep interaction with manager and staff at a minimal it's fine.
Low prices and decent selection.

After making a mistake on how much salt we needed to add to our pool the staff could not have been move helpful in remedying the problem.
The manager offered to pay to have the staff come and drain the pool and has taken great care of us.

