I've always gone to Men's Wearhouse for nice things.
I think the prices are good and they have good deals..

Great service.
Rocky was a great help in finding clothes that fit just right.

Avoid this location!
With just one single tux rental, I had a plethora of issues.
Sabrina was the one "helping" me with my tux.
At the time of measurement, I was unable to place my deposit because she shut her computer off making me call back 3 times on the three following days just to give my card number for the deposit, she lost my measurements, had my pickup scheduled an hour away from my original pickup location, and after driving all over Arizona, I found that she had given the wrong shoe and pant size at pickup.
I will never be returning to this location and I am skeptical about the local Men's Warehouse locations due to significant lack of both help and any sense of apologetic behavior.

Went to Men's Warehouse for a custom size shirt hopeing it would be available in stock; it WAS!
Great service, listened to my needs, and met my expectations.
THANK YOU MEN'S WAREHOUSE!

Men's warehouse has a hidden gem in their staff and his name is Andrew.
He has been very helpful and funny.
Young but knowledgable about fashion and a customers needs.
My friend and her fiancé have been very pleased thus far with tux questions answered and the help to making their final choices.
He has a bright future.

We were in desperate need for a last minute suit for my husband.
We had a funeral to attend and Men's Warehouse had us in an out of the store in less than an hour and they were able to expedite the alterations and we came back a few hours later and picked up the suit.
The service was great and they really helped us out in a time of need.
I highly recommend Men's Warehouse and we will definitely return.

My sister is getting married and I needed to buy a suit.
I came here to see what the selection was and was happy.
The sales person we dealt with (Todd Mittness) was pleasant and not pushy.
I like the variety and I was able to make a choice.
Our sales person was very informative about altering the pants and jacket which I thought was helpful.
The seamstress was a guy who promptly took my measurements.
When my wife was paying for the suit our salesperson was again very helpful.
She had found some coupon that ended up not applying to a purchase; it was only for a rental.
He helped her look on line for another one which I appreciated.
I'm looking forward to picking up my suit!
On a side note, it seems like they are really trying their hand at selling jackets for more casual use bit it looks like my dad put the outfits together.
I've always felt that it's hard to wrong here for a classic suit but be careful with the rest.
Unless you're planning on going on vacation and purposely wanting to look like a tourist.

