This particular Applebees is a great fun time on Thursdays!
They have live music of Brian Legate and the whole bar gets into the act.
Sometimes the waiter will get up there and sing with him.
He plays rock music and takes requests.
What I love about this Applebees is they always remember you when you come in.
They even remember your favorite drinks.
You'll be lucky if you get Roxy or Wendy as a waitress.
they are fun!
Happy Hour has $2 beers and $4 Long Island Ice Teas!!
Oh and wings for $4 too.

Applebee's has ok food, but it's an easy place to meet people and eat and have drinks.
I do love their traditional hot wings.

Have only been for lunch on 2 occasions.
Salad and soup was great but it took awhile to get it.
Not sure that would be good if I worked!

Great service by everyone that was around.
Brandon, The server in the section next to us and our server Wendy were awesome and took great care of my girls.
Anyone with kids can appreciate the extra mile people will go, especially the fruit dessert bowl to make them smile!

The food is ok, but the customer service is lacking like water in Arizona.

I have eaten at Applebee's many times and am rarely disappointed.
The service was great and the food was quick and good.
Our server kept our drinks filled and our tummy's happy.

They made my elderly, mobility challenged mother cry!
Non existent service.
Not welcoming at all.
Upon entering the restaurant on Christmas Eve, instead of being greeted, the hostess barked that they were closing soon.
and we would need to hurry up "just so you know.
"  When I asked when they closed, I was told in one hour.
Really?!?
One hour and you're turning guests away, especially a party with an elderly couple on Christmas Eve!
SHAME!!!!!!
They wouldn't accommodate a basic seating preference for my elderly mother who had trouble walking.
They made her walk to the farthest side of the restaurant!!
Despite that we sat where ordered.
Then we were completely ignored.
Nobody acknowledged us at all.
Servers walked buy several times.
They wouldn't look at us or even take our drink order.
Thank you for ruining a Christmas Eve for my elderly parents.
For hours my mother was talking to family and friends about the experience and was in tears during each conversation saying that she was in complete disbelief that she would be treated so rudely, especially on Christmas Eve.
I sent two letters to their corporate office and never received even a form letter response.

The 4 of us had a w onderful lunch there yesterday- we were greeted and served quickly and they were busy but server Caitlin took great care of us and the food was terrific.
We were all pleased and the manager Frank was fantastic and greeted us.
Thank you for a really nice lunch~We will all be back soon!

I had not been to an Applebee's in over a year until tonight.
My family lives out in Queen Creek and our options around there are very limited.
We decided tonight on this Applebee's because it was fairly close and the wait was way to long at the Native New Yorker in Queen Creek.
The food was okay.
Not bad but not great.
The beer prices are great.
The service was good.
I had jalapeno lime shrimp with rice which had good flavor.
My sister had lemon butter fettuccine alfredo with shrimp which she enjoyed.
I had not been to an Applebee's in a long time prior to this because I had some really bad experiences at a location in Chandler over a year ago.
It seems as though they have changed the menu quite a bit.
There are still some staple items that Applebee's has always had but definitely some added items as well.
I would say that Applebee's is trying to do too much with this new menu.
They have seafood, sandwiches, pasta, chicken, burgers and more it's too much.
They should try to do two or three things really good instead of trying to do too many things mediocre.
But alas it is a chain.
I would visit this location again.
It wasn't bad.
I might just stick to beer and apps next time but we'll see...

Friendly service, good tasting food.
Lots of TVs and good happy hour drink prices.

I have had better service at a fast food restaurants!
My family waited over 30 min before we were asked what we wanted to drink, drinks took 20 min to get.
Meanwhile there was several other tables being served by the same waiters and getting there food orders.
On top of that we heard the manager giving other tables free appetizers saying they were on him because of the people having to wait.
Manager never once stopped at are table.
We should have just walked out.
Lesson learn.
Applebee's has some of the worse service!
This is the third one we have been to and never again will we eat at one.

This place is definitly going down hill and resembles a bar, it has too many beer posters cluttering the walls The service is bad, don't hold your breath for drink refills.
My wife ordered an ice tea and got a water then politely reminded that she also wanted ice tea.
She never got the ice tea however they charged us for it and then a manager had to get involved to delete it off the check.
The portions are very small so the "low price" value goes out the window when a entree salad is the size of a side salad.
Many better choices exist in this area for the same price point.

Food has gone down and menu too.
Ordered French dip sandwich and no horseradish sauce, dry.
No dressing on Asian chicken salad, no barbecue sauce for sandwich ordered, garlic bread was plain breadsticks.
Service is lacking and so is food.
Doubt I will go back.

Great lunch... We did the 2 for $24  food was awesome.
The service was also great Doree took great care of us our drinks were never empty and she made sure to keep checking on us to make sure we were ok.  Great Applebee's to eat at

Wonderful service.
Tequila chicken and Shrimp was delicious.
Wasn't crowded, but was Wednesday night.
Right in and seated right away

Waitress was nice enough   Food was absolutely horrible    Bacon was barely cooked  Food was served Luke warm at best.
Manager came to see if we were doing alright all we asked for was a ranch 10 minutes later no ranch and the waitress finally showed but and she came back with it right away.
Shrimp was underdone    Needless to say we will not be going back ever again.

Apparently don't come here a Sunday afternoon.
We have been here an hour and still haven't got our food.
Food was old, dry and cold.
Better food at a dive bar.

