I would like to thank the entire staff of Foothills from the front office to the techs and physical therapists....you guys are all wonderful, fun and professional.
Allen, it is apparent that you love what you do and have a passion to serve your patients.
Thank you very much for all you have done for me and my family, you are truly a blessing!
Leeana

Last summer I was injured in an ATV accident which required knee surgery and a great deal of Physical Therapy to repair.
I went to a local Physical Therapist near my home in Queen Creek for treatment and was extremely disappointed in the staff and treatment.
I spent 95% of my time with assistants (college interns) who were usually more interested in whatever game was on the TV than my treatment.
I rarely ever spoke with or was treated by an actual therapist.
Additionally I didn't feel the treatment I was receiving was anything that I couldn't very easily do myself at home.
Why did I continue going?
I didn't know any better, and thought that this is how physical therapy was to be received.
To top it off, as soon as I finished my treatments I was informed that I owed a substantial amount of money that had not been disclosed to me prior to or during my treatments.
Very soon after finishing my knee rehab it was discovered that several major foot and ankle issues I had neglected for years would need to be addressed soon, or I might suffer long term major damage  Another very extensive surgery with multiple procedures would be required with a great deal of additional rehab.
Because of my previous physical therapy experience, I decided to seek out a new therapist.
Foothills Sports Medicine was recommended to me by several individuals including my orthopedic surgeon.
While a bit out of my way, I decided to make certain that I got the best treatment possible this time around.
I was immediately impressed with the staff and my treatment for many reasons  including:  * The number of actual therapists I saw working with patients * The number of professional athletes who had trusted their treatment and careers to the staff at Foothills Sports Medicine * The attention I received from and actual licensed physical therapist * The treatment itself  My primary therapist has been Rob Henert, and he has done a fantastic job.
My treatment has been first class and the ratio of physical therapist to assistant treatment is the opposite of my previous experience.
Rob takes care of my treatment while the assistants are there to do just that, assist.
I have also worked with several other members of the staff, and they all have all likewise been very skilled, knowledgeable, and attentive.
I have only been receiving treatment for two weeks now, but am already very pleased with the progress that I have made.
My foot and ankle are already feeling better and looser than before the surgery, with a lot more improvement to come.
If you are in need of physical therapy you can you can feel confident that you will get the best treatment available from the therapists at Foothills Spots Medicine.

Ben Hagar is by far the best physical therapist I have ever come across.
I am a complicated case but Ben and his amazing staff continues to give me relief.
I have been treated for a herniated disc and my right knee.
The front office is very professional and helpful in dealing with insurance companies.
The atmosphere there is very relaxed and the physical therapy assistants know their job well and contribute to the success and the recovery of the patients.
I would highly recommend this office.

