The Flower Studio may be on the pricier side, but they are so worth it... Christine Siegel, founding partner and head floral designer, is remarkable!
From the moment we had our first meeting, she listened to our vision and used her expertise to suggest ideas as well.
Most importantly, she totally delivered on the flowers at our wedding... they were incredible!
My bouquet consisted of Flame and deep purple (eggplant) mini Calla lilies accented with deep red (burgundy) Cymbidium orchids.
The stems were accented with a band of Purple Haze ribbon with a Swarovski crystal seam.
They were gorgeous!
So were the bridesmaid's bouquets, the centerpieces, chuppah, Minnie's "Dog of Honor" collar, and everything else...
Thank you,  The Flower Studio, for making my wedding weekend even more beautiful and filled with flowers...
I highly recommend this local business!

The Flower Studio far exceeded my expectations at my wedding!
Christine is an amazing artist, businesswoman and person.
She made time to meet with me outside her regular hours and really understood my vision for my wedding.
Her arrangements for my wedding were absolutely stunning and really took the event to the next level.
I am more than thrilled with this company and would recommend them to anyone.
Thank you Flower Studio for making my wedding so beautiful.

I am not able to rate on full rating because I will not  be able to see a finished product .....but that is because the Flower Studio was not willing to work with my fiance and I on the pricing that they offered.
The initially quoted almost 9k which included charges from some random things.
I traded calls and emails with them trying to work out pricing and work with them on their budget to match our budget.
Shrinking down what we wanted for flowers, etc.
After it was all said and done it was sent via email that they will not budge on their pricing and basically that they are too good at what they do for our services/budget.
I was very shocked to hear a business not want to make money.
Your loss Flower Studio because we have many, many contacts and friends who work in the hospitality industry and are planning weddings.

