I had great service here.
I came to the check-in booth as an Express Business Member and it was so easy and simple.
They had my reservation and car ready.
I signed some documents and got into my car within 5 minutes.
The car was parked right next to the check-in booth.
It was great since I didn't have to carry my luggage far to find my car.
At check-out, it was painless too.
The gentleman came to scan the barcode on the car, looked around and gave me my receipt to leave.
I would definitely use Dollar again the next go around.

Car was there and ready, however no information was given on a $350 deposit on the car, and my girlfriend didn't have the money in the account.
They would not speak with me over the phone or allow me to pay online.
Horrible customer service and policies.
Too worried about lawsuits to a hysteria driven level.
Never going to rent a car from this company again.
enterprise booked a car for less and no deposit, and accepted my card information online with verification.

The clerk at the rental counter was incredibly rude.
He pushed a rental upgrade on us without telling us either what car we were actually getting or what the price differential would be.
He just kept telling us that our car was "too small.
" When I declined upgrading or purchasing any extra services, he conducted the rest of the transaction in a sullen silence.
He handed me the rental contract and walked away.
Didn't even tell me where to go to pick up my car.
Car selection was fine, in line with what I expect for a mid-size car.
Clean, fully fueled Crysler 200, about 7000 miles.
The passenger-side rear tire had a slow leak but it wasn't worth the hassle of returning it.
Just put air in it before a long highway trip.
The control message indicating the need for an oil change kept going off but they told us it was fine.
Figures maintenance would be treated about as importantly as customer service.

DO NOT RENT FROM DOLLAR IN PHOENIX!!!!
They will sign you up for all kinds of optional items that you do not want.
I was expecting to pay $460 but was charged $842.
We told the girl we didn't want anything extra and she still added on 3 optional features.
We "accepted" these optional features without realizing it and now we are out of luck and have to pay $842 for a Ford Fiesta for a week.
If you don't trust me, read up on reviews of Dollar Rent a Car online.
There are hundreds of people who have been ripped off by this company.

I guess, we were the exception.
Rented from 5/1/13-5/4/13.
We had great customer service after being berated at Payless Rental counter.
We weren't charged anything extra, we were quoted $120 for the entire rental and ended up getting charged $115 at the end.
Very good surprise!
Easy drop off and pick up.
Will use them again if in a pinch.

Do not rent from here!
I made a reservation from my boyfriend to rent a car, they would not let him leave without getting the OPTIONAL insurance despite the fact that our credit card covers rental cars!
I emailed customer service to dispute this and they said to have my boyfriend talk to a manager upon returning the car.
He did and they refused to do anything.
I called customer service and they refused to do anything!
They basically told me it's too bad and the woman on the phone was horribly rude.
Screw Dollar, I will never rent from them again.

Will never rent from dollar rent a car again.
The service at the counter was very slow.
When we finally got the car, the gas tank was half empty!
We had to ask to get it topped off, which delayed us even more.
Upon returning the car, keep your gas receipt and present it!
They charge a ridiculous amount for their gas.
The attendant was thankful we had the receipt.
I feel that this is an unusual practice for car rental.
Also the charge for their OPTIONAL car insurance is $26.99 a day and Roadsafe service is $5.99 a day.
This adds up quickly.
They do not tell you these items are optional, nor are they upfront about how much they charge a day.
For my three day rental this tacked on an extra $130, with other minor fees (e.g.
State tax, etc.)!
This is on top of my original reservation fee!
I have never paid this much to rent a car!

I've rented cars from all of the companies over the years.
For the most part though I and all of my employees typically stick with Dollar, moreso because it is what we are used to and the price is fair.
Sometimes there are crazy long lines, other times we walk right up.
Recently I finally signed up for Dollar Express and while the concept is nice, I've found it doesn't actually save any time as frequently there isn't anyone in the parking lot to help you.
This happened to me in Chicago recently.
Today may be my last time I will ever patronize (or permit my employees to patronize) Dollar again.
I returned a car after refueling as always and didn't have my gas receipt "to prove I filled it within 10 miles".
Now while yes I'm aware of this "policy", I've not come across any receipt Nazis before today.
There have been times I didn't get a receipt, but the check-in people used their BRAINS and looked at the fuel gauge and saw it was full.
The guys at Dollar at the Phoenix airport however, weren't smart enough to see that the car was OVER the full line.
When looking at the mileage I drove, I OBVIOUSLY had to have refueled.
Today the receipt printer at the gas station wasn't working and I didn't have time to wait around for them to fetch someone to try and produce a receipt because I have a plane to catch.
No big deal right?
The car is CLEARLY full, right?
I've rented from Dollar for 10 years and it's never been an issue in the past, right?
WRONG!
The large man checking my car in was quite rude about it and when I spoke to the supervisor Enriquez he clearly didn't give a flip either.
(The desk clerk who fetched Enriquez was polite and professional, but unfortunately he had no authority to make things right.
)  To Dollar Corporate, I hope you enjoy the $10 you effectively stole from me.
I have no plans on giving you any more of my company's business based upon the staff at the Phoenix airport and this RIDICULOUS "policy" you have.
Use your brains.
If the car is full, then it's full.
End of story.
Why is this so hard?
The answer is simple, it's just another tool to screw customers like happened to the people who wrote other reviews here.
You may make an extra $10 today, but you're going to lose thousands from this one incident with my employees and hopefully more as other customers are warned here of your business practices.
Way to go.

Liars, these people told me i was good to go then changed there minds and said i couldn't rent a car from them all of a sudden, and lucky me, everyone else was out of cars.
Never trust them do not set a reservation it may screw ya

I've never rented a car before but no problems.
I was not told before i prepaid that they would put a 350.
Hold on my credit card.
I also was not informed of the receipt needing to be given at return but that's the reason for only four stars.
This was in the contract though.

I am not shocked after reading all the negative feedback on Dollar rental Car.
I too had the same experience with them.
Great Customer service at the counter..Walked away happy to find when i returned my KIA that I had been upcharged!
I was told 234. for 4 days, and was charged 504.
WOW...
I did file a complaint online, but that went NOWHERE!!
I have also called  the customer service/complaint dept, twice,  they not only told me there are no refunds and that i agreed to that price..
Which is total CRAP!!
and when you start aking alot of questions, their MO is to hang up on you...
GERRRRRRRR!!!
This company prides themselves on being deceptive and ripping of  the consumer that pays their bills!!
I will NEVER rent from them again and I encourage everyone to file a complaint with the BBB !
I am starting a petition to file a Class Action Suit against them!!
DO NOT THROW YOUR GOOD EARNED MONEY TO DOLLAR RENTAL CAR...

Complete incompetence and lack of professionalism.
One man walks outside to smoke as the other man working the desk stares at the computer and overcharges me.

Sitting here in I-17North waiting for a replacement vehicle since ours overheated (in 40degree weather.
Customer service is non existent with them.
I called to see if a car had even been sent and was told they were "pretty busy".
That got me going and then he said he didn't have to listen to me yell at him.
Ya.
Well I'm "pretty busy" too trying to enjoy our vacation to the Grand Canyon.
Supervisor wasn't any help.
The three hour time for them to go 75 miles un I -17 has now turned into four without much concern on their part.
Very frustration to be at their mercy while the vacation hours tick away...Grrrrrrr.....
The one star they got was because Yelp won't post it without one

Booked car rental thru Orbitz at PHX airport with hotel combo.
Dollar had my reservation as soon as I walked up to the desk, like within about 15 min (time it took me to catch the free shuttle to rental car area.
) No problems at all, simple checkin, nice & clean.

I have a gut feeling I may be updating this review as I am still in possession of my Ford Focus rental from Dollar at the Phoenix Airport.
I don't have the final bill yet, and fear I may join the growing list of Yelpers who were overcharged,  gouged, dinged, or otherwise have gotten a haircut as a result of Dollar's alleged business practices.
My preliminary review focuses on Dollar's customer service, or lack of it, in the wee hours of 29 January, 2014.
It's 12:30 am and a group of ten tired, somewhat surly, travelers have queued up to pick up their reserved cars.
I've heard in the line that since the customer service counters at Hertz, Avis, Thrifty, Enterprise, National, Fox, and Alamo were closed, their customers (who didn't belong to their frequent renter clubs) had to pick up their cars at Dollar.
Many flights were arriving late into PHX due to the snowstorm dubbed "Leon".
Ten customers, not all actual Dollar customers, were waiting in line to be served by one female employee, who clearly appeared as if she didn't want to be there.
It was taking her 10 minutes, on average,  to process each customer.
I was sixth in line.
There were eight computer terminals at the counter.
One employee.
The Dollar Lady, as she will heretofore be known, would call out for someone named Alexis, (unforgettable because it sounded like she was ordering "a Lexus" every time she picked up her two way radio) requesting a count on how many compact cars were available in the lot.
It seemed as if Alexis was actually manufacturing these compact cars the Dollar Lady was ordering on the radio.
When it was my turn to approach the Dollar Lady, she went through her spiel about insurance, which I declined, as my credit card and auto insurance at home covers me on hired or rented vehicles.
We'll see if I get charged for the insurance,  as other Yelpers were.
She asked if I would be "more comfortable" in a larger car.
I don't know the reason for her question.
Was it a lame attempt to upsell me, or a veiled jab at my larger than average body type?
It's now 1:30 in the morning.
I'm tired.
I'm surly from waiting 60 minutes in line.
I gave her my response:  "Only if it will get me out of here quicker.
"  I guess my response could have been deemed as "poking the bear".
But I said what I said in a straight,  matter of fact tone.
No yelling, no snottiness.
She said something to me, I can't recall her exact words, owing to the time of day and my reflection upon what I said to her.
I recalled her saying "working here" and "bathroom", but the rest was a bit of a blur.
She instructed me to check boxes on the electronic contract screen.
As I commenced to doing so, she got up and left.
Had I offended her?
The tension in the line of people behind me, now numbering at around a dozen, was palpable.
Did she quit?
Was she going to bring in more people?
Was she going to the lot to yell at Alexis?
Nope.
Bathroom break.
The rest of the encounter between me and Dollar Lady was straightforward and civil in tone.
I answered with "yes" or "no", bade her a pleasant evening, and headed down to the garage to see if Alexis had my car ready.
I showed Alexis my contract.
Alexis pointed towards the Focus.
I got in and headed for the exit.
Alexis was there again, in the booth.
I handed him my contract and driver's license.
He handed them back, opened the gates, and off I went...into the Phoenix night.
Alexis went back, presumably to acquire more compact cars.
We'll see what happens when I'm handed the bill at the end of my rental agreement.
Oh, I'll be prepared, turning in the gas receipt "from a station located within 10 miles of the rental location", as per the Dollar Lady's instructions.
Don't mess with the Dollar Lady.
Especially at 1:00 in the morning.

I think that I made an impression of some sort.
When I returned the replacement car (that was smaller) I went straight to the main desk and asked for the manager.
Luckily, they weren't busy.
He came out, I calmly explained what had happened and asked that I not pay for the entire rental.
He agreed and comped my rental except the taxes (about 80bucks).
I did walk away a happy camper and would probably rent from Dollar again but maybe opnot this location just to be on the safe side.

A nightmare from the beginning.
I purchased a rental car as part of my flight package with Spirit Airlines, paying for flight + car.
Avoid doing any kind of business with this manager at all costs!
He's a first-rate jerk!
Richard Seldner, Operations Manager, Dollar Rent a Car at Chapparal Suites, Scottsdale, AZ.
When I arrived to rent my car in Phoenix, the Dollar agent argued with me about my car already being paid for.
His superior tried to correct him but somehow my credit card was charged again at the end of the rental period!
So, I was charged double by Dollar.
I wanted to extend my rental period.
When I called Dollar they told me it would cost me nearly 3 times as much.
So, I returned the car and started all over again with a new rental agreement.
This time I got a small, damaged Kia without a full tank.
I felt unsafe in the car and decided to exchange it.
I drove it to the airport to get a new car.
I was nearly held responsible for the damage and almost held responsible for the lack of gas.
I left my luggage in the car as the attendant assured me he would lock the car and keep it safe while I went to retrieve the new car.
He spaced out, and the car and my stuff had disappeared when I returned.
We got it back but some important papers and personal items had been thrown out.
After many phone calls, I finally spoke to Richard Seldner, Operations Manager for Dollar Rent a Car at Chapparal Suites in Scottsdale, AZ.
I left messages for him three times.
The agent at the desk assured me he would call me back.
Finally after nearly a week, I called him.
He wasn't the least apologetic.
He tried to pin the blame on me.
He offered me a 10% discount which would've been about $15.
I wasn't happy.
Then, he asked me what I thought was fair.
I said 25%.
He vehemently opposed.
I then said 20%.
He still strongly opposed my suggestion.
After I pointed out to him he was being wish washy and mealy mouthed, he took off $25.
At the end of that rental period, I decided to stay longer and asked him directly if I could rent the car at the same rate I originally rented it for.
He took his vengeance!
He charged me $16/day for penalties plus the daily rental fee of $34.99.
I said, "No way!
" and returned the car on time with a full tank.
I shopped a couple of rental companies at the airport and got a good deal on a good car with Fox.
Despite the original low rate I received when making my airline reservation with Spirit Airlines, I will do my best to avoid renting from Dollar in the future.

My credit card company is now disputing the additional charge on my card from Dollar for the car rental which totals about $300.
Dollar charged me these fees on top of the $$$ I already paid to Spirit Airlines for flight + car.
American Express is the best CCC.
They said they would take care of everything!
Meanwhile, the extra charges and were taken off my card.

Absolutely the worst experience I've ever had at a car rental place in my life.
Deceptive practices.
Outright lies.
Stay away.

