Friendly people and great service.

Made appointment with Stacy and she obviously doesn't know how to cut her properly.
Had a bob cut and it wasn't very even - I didn't realize it until I get home that the front edges didn't line up.
I called the salon and asked for the manager, who was out of town to see if they will do anything about it.
The girl who took the call said that they will call back.
It's been over a week, nobody called.
So not only that they don't deliver in quality, but they also don't care about customer's satisfaction.
I will never go back and will strongly not recommend this salon to anybody!

I walked in this Salon about 4 years ago, with the worst haircut of my life, not to mention damaged bleached hair that I had been doing at home for some time.
Erica has totally transformed my hair!
My cut is awesome, my hair is still blonde, and my hair is the healthiest it has ever been.
The girls here treat you like your a member of their own family, not to mention their hysterical.
I would recommend this salon to anybody!

Highlights turned out grey.. Hard to tell what your hair looks like in the salon because it's dark... Got home and I was mortified at how much I paid to have grey hair...
I'm 26!
I called and the manager was not in...
I left a message to be forwarded to her.
She called back and basically told me there was nothing she could do.
That all of the stylists are on their own.
So it would be up to the girl who messed my hair up to fix it.
Obviously I didn't want her touching my hair again!
They refused to give me even a partial refund so I could go get it fixed elsewhere.
I ended up dying it with a box color to cover the travesty.
Ugh still mad about that mess!
Never would go here again.

Rose is an excellent stylist!
I'm usually a salon-jumper because I can never seem to find someone who just "gets" my naturally curly hair....well, I've been seeing Rose for a year now, so that tells you how much I like her cuts!
So I glad I found Personalities and Rose!

I have been seeing Erica for 4 years now And my hair is in the best shape it has ever been in.
The girls are also hilarious and I always enjoy their company!

Love Alisha!
She is such a sweet heart and does an amazing job on my hair!
She even cuts my kiddos hair!
So glad I found her!
Found her on Facebook and after viewing all her before and after pics I knew she could make my hair a beautiful blonde again!

