In a world where printing and copying has become self-service this location still has A plus service.
I went in because I was on my way to a presentation and realized I had left my materials at home.
Luckily I had them on a usb drive so I high tailed it to a local "Kinkos.
" They have awesome little self-service machines for just that situation.
You place your credit card in, followed by your USB drive, and then select the file and if you'd like it in color or black and white and done it sends it to a printer.
That's how it's supposed to work, but after looking at all the trays and not finding my print out I got the attention of a lady working there and she verified it had charged my card and that it didn't print she gave me a refund and then asked for my usb drive and printed it for me.
It was a very small order but I must say the customer service had exceeded my expectations.
I would recommend this location to anyone for printing.
As for shipping I didn't have the pleasure of trying that out on this visit.
But I'm sure the customer service level is similar.

I love these people!
I have been here to print copies and to cut and bind scripts and they are always pleasant and helpful.
But the BEST reason I go here is to pick up my wine delivery from a wine club in California.
As you may be aware, alcohol cannot be delivered without an adult signature to accept it, so when you aren't home during the day for deliveries, they hold it for you here.
And since it is just around the corner from my house it is so convenient!

Superior customer service, good hours, convenient location, lots of options (pack & ship, direct mail, copy & print, FACSIMILES, etc.
) too.
Buh-bye UPS store.

I love coming to this location because their employees are always friendly and very helpful.
Their customer service is top-notch and very quick.
I always recommend this location to people I know needing certain things, such as faxing, printing, etc.
I will always come to these people for my print and ship needs!

Great location!
I really like going here.
They have a great floor area with every office tool I could need.
They have very helpful associates and are very good about getting my jobs done on time.
Very good experience, and I will be coming back!

