The friendly, professional staff makes visits to the dentist much less "scary".
I was in and out quickly, and felt like my questions and concerns were addressed very well.
I highly recommend Bright Now!
Dental.

I specifically scheduled a cleaning and am a 1st-time patient.
When I got there I waited 45 min to be seen, after getting x-rays I waited another 20 minutes in the chair to see the hygienist, who only "inspected" my teeth, told me I had minor periodontal disease in a few spots and then was told I needed to wait for the dentist.
From there I waited even longer for the dentist, while listening to the staff argue about things not being done.
I saw the dentist, was told I had no cavities and was told to go see the front desk.
I said I scheduled a cleaning and the dentist stated they would check and see if it could be done today.
I waited longer in the chair for an answer, the dental assistant then starting telling me in a very rude manner I needed to get up and I needed to wait in the waiting room because she needed to clean the room.
I left and went into the waiting room where I was still awaiting my answer on if I would receive a cleaning which, is the reason I made the appt and took a day off work.
I then spoke with another person of staff named Nicole, who was also very rude, she snapped at me that cleanings are not guaranteed (how would I know this?
) and that they were trying to get in contact with the next patient to reschedule and they were doing all of this ton accommodate me (very rude with much attitude).
It was decided that they could start my cleaning, do about 15 minutes then I would have to come back 1.5 hours later to finish.
My appt was at 11 am, I left there at 1pm, had to stay in the area and wait until 2:30pm when I came back.
I waited another 30 min to finish my cleaning and then was able to leave at 3:45 pm.
This office is so unprofessional and lacking any type of customer service.
I was waiting before even seeing anyone and was made to wait even longer while they were insistent on taking other patients on time, instead of pushing them back as they had done for me.

It has actually been a year and a half since I went to Bright Now Dental for a wisdom tooth extraction but every time I think about it I get angry and I'm finally remembering to write a review.
I was having an issue with one of my wisdom teeth - it felt like the tooth was poking through the side of my gums and scraping the inside of my mouth.
This is not a pleasant feeling so I called my insurance company and they said Bright Now Dental was covered and they're a half mile from my house.
Perfect, right?
In hindsight I'm kicking myself for not driving elsewhere.
So I call Bright Now Dental and a very nice woman on the phone makes an appointment for me - it was either the same day or the next day, can't remember now.
So I go in, get my x-rays and they tell me sure enough, the tooth is poking thru the side and it's also got an infection or something.
I was leaving for a vacation to Disney World in 3 or 4 days and their oral surgeon is apparently only in the office once a month (seriously??).
So the dentist gave me some antibiotics and some mouthwash and told me this would take care of the pain for now and she scheduled me for I think 2 weeks out with the oral surgeon since that was the next time he would be in the office.
In the middle of my vacation I get a voicemail from Bright Now telling me they had to cancel my appointment because the oral surgeon can't make it in that day.
Seriously, the dude is there one day a month and he can't make it??
What the heck?
Well, since I was on vacation and the drugs and mouthwash had alleviated the pain for the time being I didn't think much of it.
A few weeks down the road however, the pain was back.
So I call them back.
Well, as luck would have it, the oral surgeon is due in the office next week and he just happens to have an appointment available!
Lucky me!
I went in for my appointment and everything actually went amazingly smoothly.
They told me the only part my insurance doesn't cover is $154.
So I paid that, the dude yanked that tooth out of there in less than 10 seconds, they shoved some gauze in my mouth and sent me off into a state of vicodin-induced haziness.
All is good right?
Wrong.
6 months later I receive a bill in the mail from Bright Now dental telling me I owe them a bunch of money for my wisdom tooth removal.
Thinking this must be a mistake since hi, it's been 6 months since I've been there and your freaking billing person told me exactly what I owed after talking to my insurance company, I call them.
Nope, sorry, your insurance didn't pay.
Okay...
So I call my insurance company.
They say "oh, you're completely covered, they just won't bill on the right form.
"  Seriously?
So I call the dentist office back and explain this to them.
"Oh, we don't bill on that form, we only bill on this form.
"  "Well, do you want to get paid or not?
"  They flat out refuse to bill on the form the insurance company needs and tell me I'm on my own.
So I find and print the form, fill it out for them, drive to their stupid office to get a copy of the damn bill with the codes on it and mail it in.
Well, they failed to put most of their info on it.
So my insurance company sends me back to them to get 4 more pieces of information that Bright Now absolutely knew needed to be on this form and didn't bother to provide it.
In the meantime the jerks try to send me to collections.
They send me nasty letters in the mail about every two weeks.
Every time I call and they deny sending anything.
Seriously?
I have the freaking letter in my hand!
So finally I call their collections guy and this is the final straw that really pissed me off.
As if the staff in their office here weren't rude and unhelpful enough... this collections guy is the world's biggest a$$.
His name was Michael and he was the rudest person I have ever had to deal with on the phone.
Finally to get rid of them and their harrassing I paid them the money and got reimbursed from my insurance company.
Bottom line, DO NOT EVER go here to get anything done.
Their front desk and billing staff are horrible.
The x-ray tech was really nice.
The oral surgeon was very efficient and the 2 ladies assisting him were also very nice but none of that makes up for the ordeal I had to go through with them.
They need to outsource their billing to a company who can handle filling out more than one form.
HORRIBLE SERVICE!

Awesome staff :)

I don't like businesses that scam people.
And I especially don't like businesses that scam my mother... literally.
My mom went in for the advertised "$29 cleaning & x-ray".
What she came out with was an x-ray and a bill quoting $3449 for deep cleaning, flouride varnish, oral irrigation, and lots of other nonsense.
Here's an idea: why not advertise correctly and give your customers what they think they are getting?
Quoting someone a price for a cleaning, sending them out without a cleaning and instead with an insanely high bill is so unethical.
Stop preying on people without health insurance.
Start doing what you say you will do.

My husband and I relocated from Pennsylvania to Arizona and were in need of a new dentist.
We searched several offices that were covered by our insurance and chose this particular Bright Now Dental office because of the great reviews it had gotten.
I was not disappointed.
Dr.
Loud is a wonderful dentist...very thorough, very knowledgeable, and very kind.
The office staff is very friendly, from Ann the office manager to Davina the dental assistant to Linda the dental hygienist.
I remember all of these names after just two visits because they all made an impression on me and I truly appreciate their great customer service.
We've definitely found our new dentist.

Dr Loud and her staff simply put are fabulous.
The customer service they provide is second to none.
Dr Loud will personally see to it that you receive the utmost care.
The staff is kind courteous and will go out of their way to ensure you have nothing but a good experience when visiting their location.
The from office staff goes beyond In The attempt to accommodate your schedule..
The compassion this office shows is second to none and would highly recommend their services to anyone...

Dr.
Loud and her staff are amazing.
I'm wasn't a patient there and they got me in the day-of for an emergency appointment because my tooth cracked and my insurance was up the next day.
My wisdom tooth cracked and she was taking a look to talk extraction.
Dr.
Loud had a very calm energy (a bonus when you're sitting in the horrifying dentist chair) and gave her opinion (get rid of all of them at once, too much chaos to do them one at a time) but was not pushy or cold.
She took the time to answer any ridiculous question that I had and made me feel very very comfortable.
Anna, their office manager, was so kind and set up the appointment with the oral surgeon who comes in once a month (just happened to be the next day!
) Even while waiting for my insurance to get back to them on costs, she scheduled me for 8:00 and said we could decide just how much I wanted to get done once I know how much my out of pocket was.
She called within a few hours and gave me a breakdown for everything.
Including options on sedation, her opinion and their prices.
I never once felt pressured or uncomfortable.
The next day after my procedure, Anna made it a point to call in the afternoon to see how I was doing, ask if I had any questions and to let me know that the office would be open the next day if I needed anything.
Since then, I had an emergency late night call last night to their center for a possible dry socket and Dr.
Loud called me at 8pm to get me all squared away.
Her husband took it upon himself to see me today as her office is closed.
These are wonderful people.
They make you feel as if they generally care.
The $29 for your initial visit and cleaning is certainly worth checking them out.

They double charged me for portion of my treatment.
Once the insurance paid & I took proof to them that they owed me back 1/2 my money, they agreed -- but never gave it back!
Many phone calls, emails -- to no avail.
They tell me they are issuing the refund, but never do.
They never return phone calls or emails.
They just lost two patients -- myself & my husband.
We will not be going back.

