I find this location is great.
It also is the least crowded here in the valley.
The parking lot is also well laid out and it is hard to get a bad parking spot.
Costco has things that Sam's Club does not.
I feel that their bakery is superior.
I also like their meats a little better.
Costco has more of their brand items as well.
They offer 3 types of membership- business, gold key and executive.
I have seen them raise their prices over the past 5 years.
We are on a membership with my family and business and our executive membership pays for itself as well as a few other memberships.
Costco has coupon books throughout the year that can give you even better deals on items.
I also know that if you are looking for a deal, to notice in the price if the last number is a "7".
I have found air freshners on clearance for $3.97, as well as other items for a great deal.
Their cafe has changed little over the years.
We really like their food- except for their non-fat yogurt.
It tastes like marshmallow fluff to me.
In addition, check out Costco's website.
They have deals there that they do not have in their stores.
My sister got her wedding invitations at a great deal online.
Their travel section is pretty good too.
Not great, but getting there.

WOOO HOOO!!
They actually have Wii's in stock!!!
Get them while they are there!
They will be sold out SOON!

Who doesn't love Costco?
I love all the sampling (fills up your tummy while you shop) and the prices are moderate.
Although, I only buy things that I will continuously need at Costco, such as toiletries, household cleansers, and a few food items.
Even for a family of 3, we do have waste if we buy the huge bulk containers of perishable food.
The parking lot is clean and not too packed to find a parking spot.
I also like to visit the newer Costco on Southern and Sossoman.
That one is pretty clean and well maintained as well.
Although, try to avoid Sunday, midday, that seems to be the time these stores are most busy.

You ever thought of a life without Costco.
I know.
Scary thought.
I love Costco (but I'm also easily amused).
It's the only place I can snack (for free) while I'm walking around shopping.
Brilliant.
Guys like buying anything bigger.
Bigger is better - RIGHT??
Life is good at Costco, and I will continue to spend way to much money there!

Love this Costco because they have self-checkout.
Nothing pisses me off more than someone putting food that I'm buying in a box that had dryer sheets (it makes the food smell and taste funky).
The optical and pharmacy staffs at this Costco are really great too.

My family loves this place!
From having your pictures printed to getting eye glasses, this place is top notch!
We always feel confident buying stuff here as if we have any kind of problem with it or don't like, we can return it without a hassle.
The Executive membership is the best as you can more than pay for your membership on the rebates.

Love Costco!
Great deals and clean.
Cheaper gas!

This is the only place I like to go and shop.
What's not to love, they have great stuff and great prices.
That is the draw.
Sam's has cheap stuff and cheap prices.
And, If you think you only need a Costco membership to buy bulk groceries you are sadly mistaken.
They buy good brand stuff in bulk like watches, jewelry, sun glasses, clothing, etc...
They've had Seven Jeans and Ray Ban stuff in there.
Good wines, furniture, and on and on.
One just go in sometime and walk around looking at everything they have in there.

It's Costco.
Can't go wrong.
Wonderful employees and great deals all around.
Also, the food court is an amazing place to sit down and have a delicious, cheap hot-dog.

Stopped here for gas after attending a house warming party a couple of weeks ago.
Same great service.....same great atmosphere....same great deals.....it's Costco....enough said.

I used to live in Tucson (at least one of the Costco's there is reportedly one of the nation's busiest) and I never felt like the shopping experience there was quite as inconvenient as it is at this location.
It's a Costco, a warehouse, I get it, but it's too small.
I won't even attempt to go there on a weekend because the checkout lines stretch far into the store!
The first time i went there I asked another poor soul (also stuck in a excessively long line) if that was normal, she managed only to nod.
It's a question as old as the hills, but they in world would you not have every single available checkout open-for-business on the busiest days of the week?
It could just be my perception, but it seems like they have less stock than other locations.

I am writing this review only for the optical department.
I accidentally poked my eye with a branch yesterday and knew I had damaged it so I went to the Gilbert Costco optician and asked if I could be seeing on an emergency basis.
The receptionist asked me if I could come back in 5 hours to which I stated it was an emergency and could asked the Dr if she could see me.
She asked her and she said no she did not have time.
I find it very unbelievable that on an emergency basis they can turn someone away who has a Costco optics patient for years.
I recognize that she had a patient at the time but I said I could wait until after so she could at least take 5 minutes to tell me if I should go to a hospital or not.
Dont ever waste your time going here if you need immediate attention for an emergency because they will not make room for you.

This is a good Costco.
I do wish they had the hand scanners like the Chandler Costco.
But the store is clean and has all the Costco services (optical, pharmacy, bakery, etc).
Of course, you will always spend more than you planned here.
It seems unavoidable.

I like Costco and the staff at the pharmacy are always friendly and helpful even though they're extremely busy.
But, my biggest complaint is the pharmacy hours they're only open until 7 pm during the week and closed on Sundays.
Come on!
Closed on Sundays that doesn't make any sense.
When the majority of people are off on Saturday and Sundays.
My only suggestion is for the pharmacy to be open for some period of time on Sundays.

Always a pleasure shopping at Costco, and this one is my Costco of choice in this neighborhood.

Typical Costco.
I spend way too much there!

It's a Costco.
Clean and efficiant with a well organized check out process.
Costco is the best for buying common house hold commodities in bulk - but sucks if you're looking for healthier alternatives in large sizes.
For example.
it's no problem finding 25 lb bags of bleached white bread flour - but I've never seen unbleach white flour in the store.
As Costcos goes, this store is definately in the top 50%.

For so many reasons, Costco is top notch but I'm going to review their Opto department.
They are equally as stellar!
Dr. Tieu is super friendly, knowledgeable and very approachable.
The retail part has the best pricing on contacts, frames and lenses compared to any competitor.
Lucky me they take my insurance and my yearly supply of contacts came to a big fat $0 after rebates.
Always ask about rebates for contacts, both the Dr office and the retail desk will usually have some that you can combine!

I love it!!
It's huge!!
I could go on and on...

Gas, Gas, Gas, Gas... Did I say Gas?
Hubby & I recently did a 2,000 Mile Trip & Costco saved our Pocket Book & our Bladders!
LOL You can't go wrong with ANY Costco if your on a Road Trip!
Cheap Gas, Clean Bathrooms & Free Samples!
*Only wish would be a Window Cleaning Station at every Costco!

of course!

I've been to many costcos but this one is by far the best!!
All the employees are amazing so sweet and kind I try to only go to this Costco and recommend it to anyone who asks where a Costco is!

I swear, I go in that store for one, maybe two insignificant items and end up coming out with a bunch of cool crap I never knew I needed.
Decent gas prices most times and we often stop at the food court for pizza and frozen yogurt.

I love Costco!
THis store holds up with all the other Costcos I've been to.

I went in to finally get a Costco card,David made it so quick & easy!
Great customer service and even made me laugh about getting my picture taken which I don't like doing.
The friend I was with said that he had helped him previously when purchasing a computer and gave him the same great customer service!
Employees like David make it a great place to do business with.

Typical warehouse type club .
most items cheaper, but in bulk .
but overall good value.
My problem with this Costo is the kids running wild and grazers who have to sample everything, but don't buy anything .
I gues the membership does entitle you to a year long buffet .
best value in the place.
Anyways .
I will be back because I too have paid for the membership .
but unlike many of the other shoppers .
I just want to get in and get out.

Love it!
Great prices on so many items you cannot beat Costco Also the eyeglass dept is fabulous with lots of choices at great prices!, pharmacy is good on prices just wish they did not have that hour lunch break it always seems to be around the time I'm free to pick up our scripts but otherwise I can only say positive things about this place.

Kate at the food stand was so sweet to let my kids get a treat even though they already closed:)

Bought an expensive camera from Costco.
Like the camera, but found it at Sam's 3 days later for $100 less.
Costco refuses to match.
Going to make me return it and buy it from Sam's!
My membership here will expire this time!

My wife and I moved to the South East Gilbert area about six months ago and it's been nice having this Costco so close to our house.
I stopped by the other day to pick up a few things for the week and the man at the door checking cards was very nice and pleasant.
When I showed him my card on my way in he said, "Good morning, sir.
How are you today?
Thank you for the card.
"  It was nice to have someone who is polite standing at the door instead of the usual employee who doesn't talk but just nods as you enter.
I got all of my stuff, checked out pretty quickly (it was 10am on a weekday so the lines weren't long, but this Costco is like all of the others - it should be avoided on Saturdays and Sundays if you don't have time to wait), and when I left, the same man who greeted me checked my receipt.
Again, he was pleasant and happy.
I thanked him and went on my way.
This Costco is just like every other Costco, but, so far, I haven't had any troubles here.

Very small parking area!
It get's super busy on the weekend and because the parking isn't great, it become a war zone :-(

What's not to love about Costco.
We buy all our household items here...
Toilet paper, paper towels, wipes, laundry detergent, dish soap, etc... Because the prices are consistent and competitive.
I also use their independent optometrist located inside the warehouse and order my contacts through their optical dept.
Some food items I love:  1.
Jalapeño artichoke dip 2.
Fully cooked chicken burgers 3.
Shrimp wonton soup 4.
Kirkland organic tortilla chips (lrg.
Bag for $5) 5.
Spinach apple salad  I'm sure there's more but I can't remember them right now...
Anyway, let's not forget their food court.
It's such a great deal.
They have one of the best cheese pizzas around.
I normally like my pizzas with numerous toppings, but at Costco I will get the plain cheese.
I also love their chocolate almond dipped ice cream bars.
Sooooo good!

They have great prices on brand name tires.
However, they always seem to damage something in my wheel.
They've stripped the lugs and nuts a couple of times, and one time broke the center cap on my wheel.
In fairness, they did reimburse me for the center cap but never for stripping the nuts and lugs.
I may buy tires there but would not bring it in for rotation or balancing, in order to avoid damage.

The eye doctor at Costco was great.
Eye exam was only 55 and they really took their time and did a complete exam.
Worked great with my kids and I didn't have to wait at all!.
But  what I was totally pleased with the eyeglasses department!!!!
My Mom has terrible eye sight and we have to get her new glasses every six months while shopping around her glasses at other places were over 500 dollars plus they were trying to upgrade her on things.
So I took her to Costco concerned that they might not be able to do her special lenses.
Let me tell you there were great not only could they do her lenses but they were able to do digital progressive which we didn't even consider because of cost.
At Costco it was standard.
And I also found out how the eyeglass shops try to scam people!!
They are very helpful and knowledgeable.
I will say you may have to wait a bit  In the end the glasses we thought were going to cost over 500 cost only 160.
And next time we may be able to use the same frames again and save even more.

I like shopping at Costco, in California u can pay your items and food from food court, in Arizona u can't, got to pay at food court.
Then I got a very berry Sunday and its like only 3/4 full, in CA, it's dripping cause they fill it up and then some.

Typical Costco.
I will say that the phone service booth is great (better than at other costcos I've been to).
Not pushy, just really helpful!
(FYI - Costco is SO much better than Sam's Club)

Just wanted to thank the pharmacy staff for always working hard and taking care of my family's prescriptions.
I have been using them for years and have always been treated well.
My thanks to Kim, Candy, Nicole, Maria, Shannon, Derek, and Cristina for your dedication to your members.

As a manager of a nearby small business, we make trips down to our local Costco.at least twice a week.
Each and every time is great.
However, on Black Friday I had EXCEPTIONAL customer service.
A gentleman, of the name Zach, helped me at the registers.
I unfortunately only had a the store owners American Express card, with his Costco membership on the back, along with his picture.
Clearly, my face did not match his, however, it was the only card we had available at the time.
Instead of acting annoyed, he told me he would make sure he got it figured out.
It was crazy busy, and he did not once make me feel like I was causing an issue, even though I was.
He fetched a manager, and although I didn't catch his name, he was just as polite and helpful.
Very pleased with their customer service and we will be back, as always.

Nice store, the best thing about them is how quickly you get in and out!
You FLY through the line!
Everything is super easy to find and staff is around when you need them to ask.
I like the layout of the store better than most and their corporate return policy is the BEST!

Oops, my previous review for this Costco, which is the one we frequent the most.
We love this Costco a lot and they seem like a part of our extended family.
Great place!

Huge fan of Costco!
Yet I just threw a dinner party and served the broccoli salad purchased there- turns out everyone who ate it was in bed the following day due to food poisoning.
I've purchased it several times before and it was always a big hit.
I can now say, for the rest of my life I will never serve that again!!!!
Still a huge fan of Costco!

I enjoy being a Costco member, even though the membership costs are a tiny bit sucky.
But I understand they must do what they need to do in the wholesale business.
Typically, I'm able to get good deals on items, but not always.
Do your homework, people, if you have the time.
Sometimes, the regular, old grocery store advertises a better buy (yay, Fry's!).
The coupons are great, especially on items I was planning to purchase regardless.
And unlike the coupon mailer states, you do NOT have to bring the mailer with you to the store to receive the savings -- the cashiers have customers covered (thanks, guys!).
The staff is typically personable, too.
My kids can't get enough of the food samples.
The "free samples" tactic has worked with me -- I've happily bought a product, because a sample was offered and I found it delicious or my kids really loved it.
I had a positive experience purchasing my latest smart phone from the vendor several months ago.
The staff was pretty knowledgeable and didn't pressure me into anything.
Coming from the east coast, I really miss BJ's Wholesale (better prices, better selection), but I'll take Costco over Sam's Club any day!

I love Costco.
I shop there at least once a week.
And here's the thing: I've lived in a lot of different cities during my adult life and Costco has always had my loyalty.
That said: I've hated *actually* going to most other Costcos!
Typical problems: overcrowded, no parking, ridiculous lines (think Thanksgiving and Christmas...during February?
), and a pain to navigate the store among all the people/displays.
BUT the Costco on Market in Gilbert has NONE of these problems.
It's super easy to get in and out of the parking lot because there are a millions entrances!
Hah!
What a concept.
Tons of parking too.
Almost every sales person I've dealt with has been great.
This Costco runs like a well oiled machine; it's beautiful to watch.
They get people through the lines so quickly, sometimes I'm not quite ready!
Oops.
OK, so what's the drawback?
Why the 4 stars?
Well, compared to the other Costcos I've been to, this one doesn't have the best selection of goods.
I've even filled out those little request sheets to have them offer what I've bought at other Costcos.
Also, they go through the coupon items so quickly, I've literally gone the next day and they don't have them.
Bottom line: this is the BEST Costco to shop.
They have the staple Costco items and the store is really easy to get in and out.
I would drive out of my way to go here.
But come on, work with me on the selection!

I've been a Costco fan for a while.
This (SE Gilbert) Costco is the store we go to 99% of the time and have been going since it was built.
There are a lot of good things about Costco but here are a few I'd like to share.
If you find the lines are getting longer these days and store is crowded, avoid weekends.
Go on a weekday after 7.30 PM and more than likely you won't find the long lines.
Do not be shy to try samples.
They want you to try them.
:)  3.
Use their "no questions asked" return policy (but please don't abuse it).
If you are not happy with your purchase, you have a right to return it even if it has been 6 months.
That's what Costco promises and you should enjoy and exercise that right.
(Though, the guy who returned one year old socks with holes in it, needs to get a life).
Gas station opens early in the morning and is open till later at night (even after store closes).
Keep that in mind and fill up during off-peak if you are passing by or live in the area.
Don't forget that Costco also offers other services like travel etc.
Usually you will find better prices on car rentals and cruises etc.
The food court is nice where they sell high quality stuff in generous quantity at a reasonable price.
Try it and you might be surprised.
Don't discount it because it's "Oh!
Costco Pizza?".
If you find a certain item has not been in stock for some time, ask an employee to look up when would it be available again.
If it is not on the list, you can always make a suggestion.
There is one thing that Costco can do to improve the experience.
They can implement the self scan service like Chandler Costco.
That will help speed up the check out times.
To their credit, they do have staff who will pre-scan items in your cart sometimes (when the lines get longer) and it helps a lot.

If Costco pulls Dinesh D'Souza's books off the shelf I will never shop at Costco again.
I will also return the tv I purchased recently from there and I will never spend money there again!!

