I was introduced to Enterprise after experiencing problems with my vehicle and the dealership not having their own loaner available.
I was not sure how to rent a car as it was my first time but luckily my dealership is covering everything and arranged for my pickup at their location down the road.
I was picked up and serviced by Nate a management trainee who let me pick from a few cars so I would be as comfortable as possible driving while my vehicle is being worked on.
He was friendly as were others I saw and over heard working with other customers.
They did not seem to push available coverages and extra add ons to rental agreements but informed customers and accepted the answers given.
We also verified the cars accessories and damages before I left and went over my responsibilities which left me informed on how to go about things like returning the car and how to handle possible problems that may come up while driving.
I would recommend the use of this car rental business to others who need it as I have seen other places preform poorly when helping friends or family get rentals and heard some stories of bad experiences as well which made me worry at first.
Return of the vehicle was also easy and try dropped me back by my dealership.

I rented a car from the Enterprise in Scottsdale Arizona on Scottsdale Road between McDowell and Oak St.  We rented it on a Saturday morning 3/15/14, then returned it Sunday evening 3/16/14 around 7:00 P.M. and left the keys in the lock box.
I received a call around 5:20 today 3/25/14, from an employee at Enterprise asking when I would be returning the car!!!!
Of course I was very alarmed.
She said her manager said a police report would need to be filed and that the car was essentially my responsibility since they never received the car back or the keys.
I was flabbergasted.
I told her I would contact my sister who was also registered to drive the vehicle, and she is who had returned the car that evening.
I confirmed with my sister that indeed it was returned to the same Enterprise and that the keys had been deposited in the lock box.
I called the enterprise employee back and told her, she again said they had no record of it being returned and that I was responsible.
I asked to speak to the manager, she said not to get an attitude with her.
I was upset, but didn't think I needed an attitude check from her as I was just adamantly requesting to speak to the manager.
The manager got on the phone and said that the car had not been returned and the keys had not been deposited and that I would be responsible for any extra days that the car was not at Enterprise and still signed out to me!!!
I asked why they were just now calling me, 9 days after we had returned it, and 9 days after it was scheduled to be returned.
He mentioned paperwork issues.
He said I would need to file a stolen car report with the police.
I said I didn't even remember what kind of car or the color???
He told me the make and color.
I told him I would call the police and hung up.
He called me back at 5:40 and said they found the car at the dealership.
It had been turned in by us, but the next morning they noted the check engine light was on, so it went to the dealership.
He said he would only charge me for the scheduled use of the car.
I said you should not charge me at all after what you just put me through!!
I cant remember the last time I was that blown away, upset and scared!!!
It was a very, very alarming and upsetting experience.
I thought you should know the type of experience I had, and who knows who else has had at this business.
Enterprise does not have a complaint department that I could locate, so I guess this is it!
Linda L.

I've rented cars through this location many times.
Pros:  Staff are easy to work with and always pleasant.
Cars are usually available when they say they will be.
They pick me up!
Easy to extend rental time with a phone call.
Prices are reasonable.
Better to get a ride here instead of picking up car at airport.
Cons:  Service could be better during peak seasons but staff are really doing their best with what they have available.
Pick up service could be a little more timely or they should make a phone call to let the person know they are going to be late.
I've waited over an hour to be picked up.
I keep going back.

