This Forever 21 is absolutely insane.
It is HUGE.
I had never been to Arrowhead before last month, so I don't know what department store was replaced by this monstrosity, but judging by the fitting rooms and the overall hodge-podge interior it was fairly recent.
However, even in the beginning, it looks like they are trying to make this shop, one size fits all.
The store is pretty similar to other Forever 21 stores... everyone there.. just LOOKS like they shop at Forever 21, if you know what I mean.
The floor staff is really friendly.
Like over-zealous friendly.
Bordering on scary friendly, but always around waiting to be helpful.
There are two full floors of merchandise, including the new plus-size line Faith 21.
This is one of about 15 places around the country that are launching the line, which is actually why I headed up to Arrowhead in the first place.
(includes XL, 1X, 2X sizes) This is really a nice feature, because there are few places that actually sell trendy plus size clothing, and even fewer that are this affordable!
Forever 21 actually has about 5 or 6 different brands under their name, including a men's line and a "contemporary" line, all of which this store carries, so the variety is greater than at their other smaller stores.
Added conveniences at this location are several fitting rooms on both floors, as well as restrooms, a huge accessory area- all benefits of turning a department store space into one giant teen/twentysomething girl's dream.
Last things to keep in mind- accessories, which will inevitably break after a few times-but hey, they're cheap- are still non-refundable.
Also, they no longer give refunds, which I wasn't aware of, only store credit.

Forever 21 carries the latest fashions at an affordable price most items are $30 or less.
I bought a purse here and everyone says it looks like the new Jimmy Choo and I got it for $20!
This location is 2 stories and has men's and women's clothing, shoes, handbags, and accessories.
This store is so big its overwhelming.
Its not organized so make sure you have all the time in the world to browse.
You get what you pay for here.
The clothes are up to date with the latest fashions but they will only last you a month or two.
Most of the clothes they sell are dry clean or hand wash materials.
Everytime I buy accessories here they break on me the same night so even though they are cheap I wouldn't recommend buying them.

I used to go to Forever 21 at Arrowhead before they expanded and it'd take me a hour at least to go through the whole store.
Now that it's like supersized, I'm oddly overwhelmed.
I'm just the type to dig and look at everything, sometimes twice ugh life of a fashion design dropout.
I go through changes clothes-wise on a monthly basis.
SOmedays I'm really girly in a sundress and flats and other days I'm edgy in faux leather short shorts and a cut out rock tee.
Forever 21 keeps me from going broke.
The clothes here isn't going to last you forever, probaly not even a year.
The clothes are  cheaper for a reason, but its cute stuff and looks more expensive then what you paid for while it lasts.
The purses and jewelry are my favorite things to get here.
They are expanding more and more with their men's line, plus size, and contemporary line now in store.
Rumor has it they will be expanding into knick knacks and furniture.
However I'm most likely not to buy anything major like a table or a couch if they do...i don't care if the clothes i buy there are done for in a year but that uh i don't need falling apart.
NO REFUNDS and limited return policy so TRY EVERYTHING ON...for some reason S, M, L are different for everything there.
I'm mostly small but a couple things there I've had to get large.
Also I recommend staying away from anything with chains or a lot of beading those tend to be done for after a couple wears.

Well Forever 21   , think again if you think it's okay to let people buy things  and not state or have a  sign somewhere that says :No Returns, exchanges only!!
That would have been nice to know before I impulsively purchase black and neon high tops for a school dress-up day and then find they aren' t the same size shoes.
That would  have  been nice to know before the sales girl said I had 10 days for a return .
That would have been nice to know  so I would not  spend my money there.
What a rip off!!
I will think twice before spending any more money here.

Whoever said bigger is better clearly has not been to this Forever 21.
This place is too damn ginormous for its own good.
TWO stories of endless shirts, pants, dresses, you name it.
By the time you're done with the first floor, you don't even want to go upstairs to the sale section!
If you decide to come here; equip yourself with the following: moral support, caffeine, money, a goal to get in and get out.
If not, don't bother or you'll walk out with nothing but a bad overwhelming headache.

God save me when I walk into this store.
On top of the hundreds of dollars I already spend at this store on a monthly basis, I would have no problem shelling out hundreds more.
I hate you forever 21 for always having cute items and being so cheap.
It seems that you make it impossible for me to resist anything I walk by!
Another reason I hate you; you're too big!
I can't find anything in specific unless I have a good 4 to 6 hours on my hands to waste.
I do love you, however, for having nice employees.
I have only encountered one rude employee, as for the others they are all friendly and very willing to help you out.

To be clear, I LOVE Forever 21, but this store was out of control.
When I visited a few weekends ago, there were racks out of place and blocking walkways, piles of clothes on the floor in some spots, and all but one of the dressing rooms was closed.
I did find and purchase five or six items that day that I still love and will be keeping, and I'll still be a fan of F21, but I don't think I'll ever go back to this location if I can help it.

-Very dirty store.
-Filthy, smelly restroom.
-Formally a Mervyns (two stories).
-Cashiers spend too much time chit-chatting instead of helping customers.

Forever 21, my guilty pleasure!
I'm always so bad that it's good when I walk into any Forever 21.
This is one of my favorites Forever 21 because it has 2 levels, which can be great for options or sometimes too many options and you still can't find anything you're looking for!
This can lead to you getting overwhelmed and exhausted quickly.
This Forever 21 would get higher ratings if it was cleaner and more organized.
If looking for accessories, this Forever 21 does not disappoint as far as prices and options!

Never been to a more disgusting and dirty store in my life?
Guess they do not know how to shampoo their carpet?
You see carpet stains every where at this place.
Clothes just thrown back on the racks, just a cheap place.
Noticed everything here is made in China, so don't expect anything from here to last!

This place is SO dirty and I hate to say, gross.
It was so trashy that when I went to the dressing room I refused to remove my shoes.
The sales associate in the dressing room was upbeat and kind.
The sales associate that rang me up was also nice but lacked some personality.
What completely turned me OFF is when I was being rang up another salesperson, who I think was coming back from his break, walked in with a cigarette behind his ear!
Are you serious?!
SO unprofessional.
I really, really, really hope someone in the upper echelons of this company take sometime to read these reviews and take action to revamp this herpe of a Forever 21 location.
I will be driving to the Scottsdale location from now on.
But now that I've said this, they most likely won't do anything to the poor Arrowhead store, at least they will be getting my money from somewhere...

Always super messy in the store and dressing rooms make me feel like I'm going to catch a disease.
I think reflooring this store would drastically change the experience.
Also more friendly employees.
I've been to way nicer F21's.

DO NOT GO TO FOREVER 21  Lets start with the environment, it is absolutely the most disgusting store I have been in, I have been to cleaner stores in Tijuana!
The carpets remind me of a seedy pay by the hour hotel as does the walls, counters, etc....
The dressing rooms alone do not give you that "Please let me take my clothes off and try on these awesome jeans" feel; you do however get a " I may raped, mugged or something else that would inflict much bodily harm" feel!
The staff are great and they are not to blame for any of this companies problems, although FOREVER 21 you may want to actually listen to your employees because I for one know that they feel the same way!
With that being said lets move on to why I decided to write this; the absolutely atrocious policy this store attempts to inflict on its "Customers"!
I have never ever been to an establishment other than an music store that tells its customers they have 21 days to return or exchange the item, I am guessing someone in their meager policy/marketing department must have thought that was cute.
But then to tell your customers that even if returned in that 21 day time frame they will receive store credit and not a cash refund.
Excuse me but with the sub par clothing and prices that should be a crime why in the world would I want a store credit to buy more junk?
Probably to ensure that they have very little on their P/L sheets every quarter!
I decided to take my wife bikini shopping, she found a cute one, it was the last one, so to ensure she got it we decided to buy it and if she found something better we would return it.
Well after a couple more stores and couple more bikini purchases she decided that it really wasn't all that flattering and decided to take it back.
This is where we were told that we could have a store credit but not a refund!
After advising them that I had been in there not more the 20 minutes prior and purchased it in cash I decided it was quite pointless as the "manager" could not be found and the store associates were not in a position to change this lackluster policy, I decided to write this post and take my business elsewhere.
If you decided to shop at this store please remember for this company they operate off of Caveat emptor!

