The worst customer service ever.
I went shopping here with my little shorty and a sales clerk clearly hit her in the head with a backpack that she was carrying and just kept on walking.
I had to call the lady back and gave her a lesson in being polite to others like her momma should have done.
Then when it came time to pay we had to deal with this horrendous Snooki wannabe who didn't know how to work the register and treated me like it was my fault.
When she called someone over to help her, the two of them started fighting with each other and then Snookie pulled in a third guy and started bitching at him - no joke.
I wanted bash their heads together and walk out without paying but jail isn't really an option at this point in my life so I just put up with their crap.
I will never set foot in this store again.

If this place wasn't close to my house and if they didn't have the things my kids wanted/needed, I wouldn't go back.
The employees are hard to locate when you need something, and are never friendly.
This trip, I walked in and there was no employee in sight.
I needed a backpack, which they keep behind the register.
I stood there for over 10 minutes before anyone came up.

I would give this place a 0 star rating but it won't work so anyway, this place is awful.
The girls working in there are rude.
Talking smack about customers behind the counter.
Appalling.
I will never go back there again.
Worst customer service in the world!

I came into this store on 6/9/2014 right around 7pm.
Within 10 minutes of entering the store a manager "Heather" had mentioned that I would be walked out of the store because I knew an employee that was working in the store at the time..let me clarify this was said before I had knowledge that this employee was working that day.
Let's call it bad business practice or poor customer service but when a customer walks into your establishment with the intent to purchase a few hundred dollars worth of merchandise you don't ask them to leave.
Let's just say I took my money and my business elsewhere.
Since apparently you aren't allowed to shop at tillys when you know someone who works there.
The manager of this location isn't fit to manage a lemonade stand let alone a group of a employees.

