It's gets the job done.
The "Deluxe" bit might be a bit of a stretch as the facility appears to have had better days.
This will never be confused with a main stream or premium range hotel but I am not sure anyone would be surprised by that.
I would not stay here with the family for a vacation but for a bed and a shower while working out of town it suffices.

The wheels completely fell of this place!
After enduring a number of weeks here for work I finally gave up living in the slum and moved to a much better location right around the corner.
One to many mornings with a cold shower, cigarette burnt bedding, mystery stained towels, and horrible smells in the hallways.

Hated it.
Dirty, nasty, things left in fridge & bathroom from prior guest.
Smells like cigarettes all in hallway & room.
Will never stay here again!

Room 123 is supposed to be a non-smoking room, however there was a lingering stench of cigarette smoke, and cigarette burns in the comforter and the chair.
Internet access painfully slow.
The bed was the most uncomfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in.
The toilet consistently ran all night.
None of the most basic amenities in the room upon arrival such as shampoo, conditioner, lotion, coffee packets, etc.
TV remote took a lot of figuring out on how to switch over from cable to the DVD player.
Perhaps because I'm a director of food and beverage for a large hotel, I'm overly-picky, but overall I was very underwhelmed by my stay; not a 2-star quality hotel in my view.
--- Ending on a positive note, front desk staff was very welcoming and accomodating.

Worst hotel stay in AZ!
A/C could not keep room at comfortable temp.
In-room kitchenette had roaches.
Asked for clean towels and were told over the next 3 hours they were being cleaned.
After waiting 3+ hours, Staff said if we wanted clean towels we were to bring our dirty towels down and retrieve our own clean towels!

My friend booked us here and she hasn't read the reviews, otherwise we wouldn't have stayed.
She chose it because it was central and close to the clinic and the price was right for our budget.
I'm very pleased to say that the staff has turned this hotel around!
Friendly staff, clean common areas and spacious quiet rooms.
I've never stayed at an extended stay before and I'm not sure what I expected but I am very happy with the last three days.
I didn't try the pool but it looked nice from a distance.
I'll be back for my next trip into Phoenix.

Everything everyone just said in there reviews is true!
Plus they don't clean there rooms but every 7 days.
Yes 7 days & they don't have room service you have to go down stairs to get your own towels & etc & you hope someone is at the front desk.
This place doesn't even deserve a star more like a fallen star.
Obviously I will not be coming back here again.

Everything was bad.
Room was really dirty, carpet with stains, toilet, sink.
Ugh!!!
There was a really bad smell coming out of the A/C....seriously there was nothing good about this place.
Never again!!
Not worth my money.

ROACHES AND BLOOD ON SHEETS AND TOWELS!
I got this hotel through hotels.com, I do realize this was not a 5 star Hilton and was not expecting it to be, but what we experienced was not acceptable at any level of hotel.
We got this hotel because hotels.com recommended it and it was one of the "discount help us fill rooms at this special rate" type deals, the online photos looked clean and I thought it would be nice for a 2 night stay....well I was VERY WRONG, upon check in of our room we noticed a nasty smell, blood on the towels, not thinking more than making a comment of it at check out since we luckily brought our own...The hotel bed sheets were dirty (Also with blood stains) HIV positive?
WHO KNOWS?
so we had to sleep on our towels on top of the bed, the bed was like sleeping on a sleeping bag on the floor at best.
The worst came the second night when my wife woke up around 1am to get some water, upon turning on the lights there were 5 large roaches in the kitchen area, 4 of them ran under the fridge while the other tried to come towards the bed, my wife tripped over the trash can and nearly hit her head on the TV stand, after killing the roach I went down stairs to complain, there was also another guest looking for help because there were roaches in his room as well, there was NO ONE who worked at the hotel there on a SATURDAY night, So my wife and I left a note, and left to another hotel, we were driving around phoenix for and hour to find a DECENT AND CLEAN hotel that had a room, it was $200 for not even a full night, Mind you still have not heard back from the Extended stay hotel 2 days later and have called but yet to receive a call back.
On top of that walls are VERY thin and heard people doing the nasty down the hall in our room with the door shut, WORST EXPERIENCE EVER, Never going to an extended stay America or using hotels.com again.

Our stay started with a wait to check in.
We arrived an hour before the official check in time of 3pm.
We can understand them being busy, as it is currently spring training season for baseball in Phoenix.
The front desk was empty, but there was a sign up to call "0" for help.
An attendant came, explaining she was doing both the front desk and checking rooms for being ready.
I think they may be a little understaffed.
The lobby is nice and clean.
The room smelled and looked clean.
The carpet was stained, but for 85$ a night for a busy weekend, it's nice.
It's not a four star hotel and we weren't expecting that.
The fridge was a full size and worked well.
There wasn't any shampoo/conditioner in the room, and they ran out when we asked for some at the front desk.
The staff were friendly.
We didn't see any mystery stains or cockroaches that the other yelp reviews talk about.

If you are reading this and thinking of staying here...
RUN!!!
This place is beyond discusting!
From the dirty, cigarette butts everywhere entrance to the stains on the bed spread this place is bad.
We decided to hang in there and complete our stay ( of a week ) because of it's location to the hospital.
This morning when I went to get in the shower, which had to be scrubbed with bleach because of the black mold, I was startled by a cock roach BIG AS A BUICK!!!!!
Great location and low price but it's not worth it!

Ranks up there with the worst hotel i've ever stayed!
There was a dirty plate in the sink.
I was put in a smoking room despite having requested non smoking.
There was open (used) bar of soap in the bath tub.
My Co worker was placed in a room that was never cleaned (luckily they moved her into a cleaned room).
The couch was disgusting!
I feel dirty after staying there.
The only good thing was the shower head had good pressure.

What a dump!
One cannot have high expectations when staying at an extended stay, the cheap rooms are ideal for drug addicts, prostitutes, and those down on their luck.
BUT,  one doesn't expect to find the drug addicts working the front desk.
Everything I said, everything, had to be repeated at least twice.
If I wasn't checking in with a company credit card, and under a company mandate to keep it cheap, I would have walked right then.
My "non-smoking" room had the lovely aroma of smoke from the previous tenant and mildew.
From the dust and grime buildup in the corners, nooks, and crannies, it appeared  that the last time the room had a thorough cleaning was pre-9/11.
Luckily I've been stuck in an extended stay before so I was armed with a large can of Lysol and a jar of disinfecting wipes.
After doing the cleaning the staff should have done, the room was tolerable You may ask "why not complain?
" The complaints in these establishments typically fall on deaf ears, move you to another crappy room, and make the rude service even worse.

