The place where time literally stands still.
I spent 3 hours there just to have my brakes looked at.
I can only imagine the sleep deprivation, insanity, and starvation that would have ensued if I would have actually gotten some work done.
I suppose that since 90% of the people there were retired, time didn't matter.
Weird layout, slow but friendly service, and fair prices.
Competent work.
Just make sure that you either have a copy of "War and Peace" to read or plan on getting a ride out of there.
It's gonna be awhile.

My car broke down over the weekend.
Although I had to wait 2 hours for a tow truck, they delivered me home and my car to AAA Repair.
My car was repaired at a reasonable cost and their shuttle picked me up at home to go retrieve my car.
I was very happy with their service.

I've come to the realization that if your car isn't under warranty, you should just have AAA.
This is the 2nd time I've had a membership, but yesterday was only the 1st time I needed to use it.
The tow truck showed up on time, got my car started, determined that it was probably just a dead battery - and easily could have suggested we replace it as he had one with him.
This would have been just fine, but he said since he was already there, it would be simple to load it up and have it taken to their repair center for a free diagnostic.
I agreed, and it ended up only being a dead battery.
What I enjoyed about yesterday was the little touches they do to add value.
Nice cold bottle of water for the ride over... lunch suggestion (which was pretty good) while I was waiting... discount on the battery itself... there just isn't much peace of mind when your car is starting to fall apart, and having these guys as a security blanket rocks.
Keep it up fellas!

Nice people; able to get my car in for an appointment fairly quickly; able to perform a full service that many would not do; decent rates; and seemed like there was no problem with integrity.
However, wrong diagnosis for auto repair.
Basically, as I was purchasing a car in the Mesa area, I brought the used vehicle here for a pre-purchase inspection.
And the diagnosis I received for several issues with some noise was - well This looked ok, so maybe you could try this first, and then try this.
We're not sure.
I took the car somewhere else later to get everything that needed done done, and was told, umm, no, This is the problem.
They fixed said problem, and it solved all of it.
I would assume that they drove my car here at Triple A to get a feel for the issue, so maybe even then they just couldn't figure it out.
(Again, nice people, but I need to know what actually needs to be serviced, not just start throwing darts.
)  Maybe they did not in fact drive it to see.
Regardless, I will be taking my vehicle to better diagnostic shops.

Why would anyone who lives in Mesa go anywhere else.
I can't believe I have been a AAA member for 8+ years and never gave this shop a thought until now.
With 5 vehicles to keep running the other shop I was going to has gone down hill fast plus I like to be a loyal customer, but with AAA 2 year warranty and the quality of people they have (Jeff Delong), and his well trained mechanics are going to get my business for a long time :-)......

Have had my car serviced here twice, both under emergent conditions on a Saturday afternoon.
On both occasions, my car was repaired that day, making a special trip to get a part and staying late to complete the work so that I could avoid rental fees.
Outstanding customer service!

I have my vehicle serviced here on a regular basis.
Jeff usually takes care of me, and I have never had a problem.
I'm always treated in a professional manner, and have never had extra work pushed on me that didn't need to be done.

Will not be ever going there and my friend won't go back.
Had oil change and did not even put oil back in it!

Love this shop.
I bring my Wife's car and 3 work trucks here.
My average mileage on all 4 vehicles is 150,000+.
They only do what work needs to be done.
No Up Sell anytime.
Plus with a 24 month or 24,000 mile warranty how can you go wrong.
Any go back are free of charge :-)

