It's unfortunate that this is the only bookstore in the northern Phoenix/Deer Valley area.
The store does not seem cozy like a lot of the other Barnes & Noble and Borders Bookstores do.
I do not want to hang out here and look around.
I was also completely grossed out by the bathrooms.
There was used toliet paper all over the floor.
You could see that it hadn't been cleaned and swept in a long time.
The whole bathroom smelled like urine.
It was pretty disgusting.
I guess I will just have to drive down to Desert Ridge or Scottsdale 101.

Always has what I need, friendly staff.. Clean restrooms.. & a cool place to hang while deciding if the read or mag is worth it over a nice java...
I just hate being asked every time if I want to join the B&N program... No..
But.. No.. Ok.. Well.. No..

I specifically went to this location, even though Desert Ridge is much closer to my home, after looking up the availability of a book I want that the other location didn't have.
The website said it was in stock, so off I went.
When I arrived I attempted to find the book myself.
Fail.
I went to the info desk where four women (employees) were chit-chatting, and it took them a solid 45 seconds to realize I was even there, then one had to point me out to the woman who was actually supposed to be manning the booth for help.
Despite the fact that their computer listed the book in stock, she too could not find it on the shelf.
"It could be anywhere in the store," she said.
Then just looked at me.
Because she wasn't going to help me actually find it so her store could actually make money and afford to pay her.
I asked her to check and see if it was on hold for someone else so I didn't waste any further time looking for it; she agreed then disappeared in the exact opposite direction of where the books on hold are kept.
Two other women came over and repeated the exact same scenario.
It was very bizarre and unhelpful, and they all made me feel as if I was wasting their time - I'm so sorry, I'm just a potential paying customer.
The real kick in the pants is that Amazon has it $5 cheaper including shipping, but I just wanted it today.
I wasted that $5 in gas easily.
Short story: Very unhelpful staff, not interested in making a sale.
Will not return.

Cant complain, close to home, clean, always have a million thnigs I want to buy.
Dont go to the Starbucks though in house.
They TAKE forever!
and by forever I mean 23minutes to get a coffee made and a pretzel!

I love Barnes and Noble.
I can always go and find what I am looking for; and not to mention reasonable priced books.

Large and kept clean.
I like this location.

lots of books.
Very quiet and staff was friendly.
And come on who doesnt love the smell of book stores.
Doesnt seem cozy like other book stores though.

I occasionally would stop in here when I lived in the area if I needed a book or a cup of diesel when the Starbucks next door had a line out the door.
I like the little outdoor seating area and it's always pretty quiet in the area which was nice.
The customer service was never really excellent on the bookstore side but the Starbucks in there was always friendly.
Not too much else to say.
It's hard to review a bookstore....right?

Love this place.
Employees are always nice and smiling and asking if you need help finding something.
Store is always clean and tidy and easy to find things if you are looking for something specific.
The Starbucks part of this store is pretty big and the workers there are always nice and know how to make people laugh, they never get my order wrong which is awesome and they are fast at getting what you orderd to you.

I was a huge fan of Borders but since they closed I am left to succumb to B&N.
I will not complain though since I can get my latte and read.
They have great kids events here and many nonprofit org.
Come here.
The store doesn't always have what I am looking for but they are helpful and willing to quickly order it.
I like this location too.

I had bad service here today- besides the nice man who helped me find my books.
But other than that, the cashier and Starbucks cashier were both in a huge rush, bad mood... Once someone has an attitude, they give YOU an attitude.
And hmmm...
I have quite an attitude now.

