OK I have a confession to make....I'm not Jewish!
But that does not stop me from loving the JCC!
So I was introduced to the JCC by a Jewish friend of mine who is a member there.
Once she asked me if I wanted to come work out with her there, and I figured why not it looks really nice from the outside!
It is an awesome facility as far as gyms go in the area.
Very new, top of the line equipment..including Pilate's machines, awesome locker rooms with saunas and Jacuzzis, tons of class rooms, cafe, and much more.
I'm not sure how much it is to be a member there..and there is the fact that I'm not Jewish,  but hey this gym is top of the line!

I'm on a last minute, extended vacation at the Boyfriend's here in Phoenix, but unfortunately, just because I'm on vacay, that doesn't mean HE'S on vacation.
So while he's working (poor him) I have the entire day to myself.
So after a couple days of indulgence, I decided there's no frickin'  way I'm surviving the next week without some kind of workout.
Ideally, I'm a swimmer, but the limited open swim times at the pools in the area caused me to look for other options.
I came across this Jewish center on my search and from previous hearsay about the amazingness of Jewish centers, I figured this one was definitely worth the visit.
As a visitor, it's about $15 for a day pass which entitles you to any and all classes their facility has that day as well as access to all their gym equipment too!
I noticed on the way out that they have an outdoor pool but I didn't bring my suit so I didn't inquire about it.
This center is AMAZING!
It's huge and is super kid friendly (I think it has day camps for kids because there were tons of kids roaming around).
It has top of the line workout equipment ad weights, a nice pool, friendly staff, and even a little cafe.
Sure, it was a bit awkward doing zumba with a bunch of older Jewish ladies, but hey.
I enjoyed shaking my boo-tay either way!

UNBELIEVABLE selection of work-out classes.
I believe it's 90 per week!
With a membership you get access to the enormous gym with new machines, work-out classes, two pools, basketball, raquetball, steam room and most of all - their community activities which are vast and adventureous.
I know that there are a lot of famililes who go there, but I am a single 20-something and I LOVE the JCC.
I plan on joining their softball league this fall.

Great place to hang out, workout, and meet interesting people.
A great example of what a JCC should be.

I have a love-hate relationship with exercising, I hate working out, but I love the JCC!
When I moved to Scottsdale about 2 years ago, I toured a lot of the fitness centers in the area.
What impressed me about the JCC besides the aesthetic appeal, was the space, the class schedule and the pool.
The fitness area feels very open and spacious and it is very easy to maneuver around all of their equipment.
Plus, they have a variety of different machine which makes it easy to change your cardio routine.
They also have really nice TV's, while they mostly play news and sports, there are so many that if you have a desired show to watch, it is usually easy to do so.
I really appreciate the class schedule offering as well.
Most of the classes are included in the membership, even some awesome Yoga classes!
My favorite part of the JCC has got to be the pool.
Not only is it always clean and pristine, it is cooled in the summer, which is so refreshing!
Most fitness centers in Scottsdale have indoor pools, but I like being able to enjoy the heat and beautiful sunshine while keeping cool in the pool.
There are a lot of lap lanes too, so no matter your speed, you have the freedom to swim at your own pace.
Okay, I spoke too soon, I have another favorite, the steam room!
There's also a jacuzzi in the respective locker room, but a good steam after a workout is great and very cleansing.
In my tour of about 5 Scottsdale fitness centers, I didn't see another one with a steam room.

+s Great selection of yoga classes, great childcare, great playground, great cafe (especially for treats during the holidays)  -s not enough free community programming (especially for youth), workout equipment and tvs near equipment are not updated as much as nearby gyms  Overall, a good gathering place and great place to go for the day with your child; get your workout in, grab lunch, play together and swim together!

My children just started swim lessons at the JCC and the coaches are great.
Very professional, and great with kids.
Also a very nice facility.
We have also taken soccer lessons at the JCC and enjoyed that as well.
I recommend it.

The best place to be a part of the Jewish community.
The exercise facilities are amazing, with many, many wonderful classes to choose from, in addition to a fully equipped weight room.
And the best part of your workout is the steam room or whirlpool.
If you are hungry, the food is great also.

I am a regular at the JCC.
I workout at least 5x a week there (part of the early morning crew).
The facility is in great shape, plenty of equipment and never a wait for any of the cardio equipment.
There are plenty of other places to workout in the area, but no other place that offers as many classes and nice members.
The pool is one of the best features of the JCC, especially since the transformation to salt water.

The Valley of the Sun JCC is truly a community center.
It offers so much for any age!
From the physical activities, lectures, classes, cafe, library, social events, book fairs, school, basketball and racquetball courts to the comfortable atmosphere to just relax and visit.
The upstairs gym is fully equipped and clean and pool is gorgeous.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
It is always one of the happiest places to visit!

I was a member of Lifetime and recently joined the J.  I first did my research through Yelp but there were only a few reviews on it.
Then I noticed there is a link at the bottom of the page for "filtered" reviews.
I'm not sure why they were filtered but there were a lot of them and they were extremely helpful.
Now not only do I work out there but my daughter is enrolled in their after school program that actually picks her up from her school...can you believe it??
Anyway, it's a great facility with terrific staff that truly cares.
If you're looking for a place to be a part of a community, the J is the place to go.
And make sure you read the "filtered" reviews if you're looking to get an honest understanding of the reviews.

I joined the JCC for the close proximity to my son's school.
I can go work out either right after drop off or right before I go and pick him up.
My favorite part of JCC is their swimming pool.
Being that it's salt water, it's easy on my hair and skin.
I don't feel like to need to shower right after swimming and my hair doesn't suffer either.
I also enjoy their steam room and jacuzzi.
I also enjoy their cardio equipment, weight equipment, spin, group classes like Zumba, Pilates.
The staff is super nice.
It's an extremely comfortable, down to earth and inviting atmosphere.
I'm not Jewish and I feel comfortable going there on a daily basis.
The cafe there is kosher and serves great food.
My favorite is their tuna fish platter.
Delish!
There seems to be a misconception you have to be Jewish to join since when I tell people I belong to the JCC, that's the first question they ask me.
ALL are welcome.
Membership director is Lisa and she's super nice!
So is Cynthia who is also in membership.

Staff is super friendly and my kids love swim team practices there with Swim Neptune.

I, too, am a non-Jewish person but go here.
There's really no need to be Jewish to enjoy this fine place.
If nothing else, I would recommend checking it out just to get a better understanding of Jewish culture which is rich and varied.
I always feel very welcome and frankly, you know the food is going to be good.
Yes, they have a snack bar which is excellent.
Security, which can seem intimidating and overkill actually makes me feel VERY safe and I can understand why it is they way it is.
There is nothing wrong with being cautious and prudent.
The facilities are top-notch and I have seen some great facilities.
This is right up there with the best of them.
Things are not usually broken or out of order as in many similar places and they do a great job of keeping everything in tip-top shape.
As a "gentile", I wholeheartedly recommend JCC for ANYONE.
l'chaim

FIVE STARS for the gorgeous facility.
FIVE STARS for Shawn's spin classes.
ONE STAR for the Early Childhood Center.
After my wife gave up trying to arrange a tour of the place, I gave it a swing because I could not believe a place could be as unaccommodating as she described.
After a few days of trying to set a day and time with April via email, she simply gave up and stopped emailing me back.
My wife had the exact same issue with her.
It turns out that this place really isn't geared towards working parents that can't make it in for a tour during the workweek in the middle of the day.
We were hoping for something early in the day or later in the day because of our work schedules, but it was impossible.
I know the Early Childhood Center is staffed during the times we wanted a tour so I don't see why it was such a huge clusterfuk to come in during those times.
We gave this girl April 2 chances to take about $1,000 per month from us for 4 years but she turned it down.
No wonder the JCC is always asking for donations.
This isn't the first time the administration of the JCC has pissed me off.
It is becoming apparent that younger families without the means to make large donations are not important.
While my wife and I are not yet in a position to make large financial donations, we soon will be and the JCC will never be on our list.

Great facility easy to get in and out  Always clean  Olympic pool, steam and whirlpool Great find in Scottsdale

Management reached out to myself and my wife to try to make amends.
They seemed sincere and really want us to give them another shot, but it is just not going to work out.
Their early childhood care department is just too small so they are able to be ultra competitive which is not the game we want to play right now.
Anyway, this review is not a reflection of their child care staff or facilities which I am sure are excellent.
The JCC was my first choice as it was for a lot of my friends and family so I know it is highly regarded in the community which is why I wish they had more space, staff, and flexibility.

I love the preschool!
Every teacher my child has had has been outstanding.
Not only are the teachers loving and nurturing, but they are also highly trained early childhood educators.
I am always greeted with a smile and so are my children.
My Kindergartner was so ready for school So happy with my experience at the J!

OK, I'm not Jewish and made it known.
Called for information, and what wonderful warm welcoming feelings they give you.
If I move to this side of town...here I come JCC!
This has to be de place!

Great place because it is devoid of the muscle heads and roid boys.
The cardio equip is old and needs to be updated.
The free weight and machine area is ok.
They are shy on the little stuff like bands and handles.
It tends to run a bit hot in there so you can get a sweat on.
It is definitely NOT a singles scene.
There are also tons of "fluff & puff" ladies faking work outs and yaking so loud on their cells that it drill straight into your brain and removes any zen you might have found.
If mgmt would just realize that they need to create a more serious work out scene and quiet the loud mouths it would be more pleasant.
The ventilation system is adequate because quite a few of the older folks openly pass gas and dont hear it because their headphones are so loud.
I have not fainted yet.
There is a bit of concern about the elderly men resting their saggy testicles on the sinks and leaving them unsanitary.
I dont know what to do except not come in contact with the granite.
Other then that, this place is a nice gym if you dont need the latest and greatest or other people who have any idea what so ever of common gym etiquette.
Now get in there and work you tushee off!!

They need to update their Yelp page.
The map location and the gym hours are incorrect.
Anyway, I love this JCC.
They have plenty of options out to cater to each gym member's preference.
I use the elliptical and the machines for 1.5 hours every other day.
The locker room is very nice because it's got a break room in the middle and a whirlpool and steam room inside.
Excellent facility.

I want to thank all my yoga instructors!
Each has given me a different way of envisioning my body, mind and spirit as one audacious being.
Therese, you are amazing,  Marjorie, you push me to further heights of ecstasy.
Sue, the Zumba and stretching are fun!
Denise, slow and sweet, I hit the pinnacle in your class.
I meet the nicest people at the J. Sarah teaches me Hebrew!
I come home relaxed, mindful, and grateful.
I'm totally ready to enjoy the rest of the day.

They keep trying to be a top notch gym but they just cut too many corners to ever get there.
The pool is really nice but it is salt water Blech!
The customer service needs improvement.
Very few classes and most have an extra charge.
I dunno but I would rather pay a little more and get the experience and quality I deserve at Village!
Do they do anything else here?
Yeah kids are running around all summer making it crazy crowded and there is no warmth to this place with or without kinder land.
Many better wats to spend your money in town!!

