One certainly doesn't eat here because the food is good.
With the exception of the crazy bread (which is awesome), the food is terrible.
I pick up and take out Little Caesars because it's cheap.
The hot-n-ready carry out is just $5.
A large cheese or pepperoni for just $5.
That's two days worth of food for me.
How can I go wrong?
Well this place manages to screw it up.
I happen to be one of the few people in America who doesn't practically care for pepperoni.
About half the time I stop in, there isn't a cheese pizza ready.
I don't want to argue semantics, but doesn't hot-n-ready mean they have one that is hot and ready to be taken out?
Usually when this happens, it's just a short wait, but today they didn't even have one in the oven.
It was 1:00.
Lunch time.
The place wasn't busy.
How can you not have at least one in the oven?
I disappointingly took a pepperoni and asked for the cheesy jalapeno dipping sauce.
The guy charged me and told me to have a good day.
No sauce.
I asked about it and he points out that he didn't charge me for it.
To be honest, I noticed that the charge seemed low, but not in the mood to hand the guy my credit card for 50 cents that he forgot to charge me, I just grabbed my pizza and walked out.
I know I could have just had him swipe my card again or even try to argue and get it for free, but I just couldn't deal with this guy anymore.
Try to help your customer, not disappoint him twice in less than 5 minutes.

I've come back to Little Caesars Pizza a few times since my last review.
I'm not ashamed to admit that I slum it once in a while.
The pizza is still way below average, but the $5 dollar price tag draws me in.
During each visit, they actually had a cheese ready, and the guy at the counter actually appeared to know what he was doing.
I really don't recommend this place unless you're looking to get some pizza, but want to save some cash.

Okay, the Hot and Ready deal is a joke.
They never have the $5 pizzas ready, and there is always a wait.
To top it off, the last three times I have been there, the clueless counter person has given away our pizza and bread to someone else, making our supposed 10 minute wait closer to 20-25 minutes.
While you can't beat the cheap price, the service is seriously lacking.

NEVER has hot and ready pizza.
Tastes decent once it is ready though.

