As the person in charge of landscaping for our HOA, I interviewed SEVEN companies specializing in tree care.
I needed a 4-story tall olive tree removed that had become an unmanageable nuisance.
Patrick, the owner, came out to give the bid.
I felt good about him right away.
He is an honest and well-mannered person   He gave one of the lowest bids (the bids differed by $300).
He spoke with confidence about the job, explained clearly what it would entail, and happily answered my many questions.
The job by no means appeared daunting to him.
Contrast his attitude with some of the other companies whose reps would talk about what a hard job it was going to be; the tree was so big, it was close to a fire hydrant, they'd have to flag the ground for water pipes, the tree was too near the carport.
Then those companies would give me a high bid.
I selected Arbor Care and when the tree removal day came, my family and I watched with interest and admiration as the men worked with such expertise and teamwork that they didn't even speak.
It was especially impressive when one man was in the tree roping huge limbs, chainsawing and then the men on the ground would receive the limbs, disposing of some in a wood chipper, and cutting some for firewood for our community to share.
By the teamwork, we could tell that this group has worked together for a long time.
They operated so smoothly and professionally.
Then they used a very powerful stump grinder, removed pounds and pounds of sawdust that it left behind.
They cleaned up so well that one could hardly tell where the tree had been.
Months later, I recommended them to a good friend who has many trees in her backyard.
I went on and on about the company before mentioning Arbor Care by name.
She said, "Oh, you mean Patrick!
" I was quite surprised that she already had been using them for years, but considering their excellent work and fair prices I shouldn't have been surprised at all.

I've had excellent results using Arborcare for timing all the trees on my property.
They are very knowledgable and very reasonably priced.
I've used several different companies in the valley over the years and they are - hands down - the best I've found.
Keep up the good work Arborcare!

Lost a tree in the first monsoon storm of 2014.
This would normally not be a big deal, but the storm was on July 3rd and I was looking for assistance on July 4th.
I called Arbor Care and Jerry picked up the call.
He was knowledgeable about what needed to be done, and came out later that morning to give an estimate.
The pricing was extremely fair and we agreed to move forward with Arbor Care for the tree removal.
Within 20 minutes of Jerry leaving he phoned to let us know that he had a crew in the area and they would be able to get the work done same day.
The crew was very efficient and friendly.
I would strongly recommend Arbor Care for any landscaping needs.

