My friend likes to say that a store like this is what women experience in a Prada store.
Clean well laid out, high end woodworking tools and woods.
They also have a shop to help process your projects with the tools you lack.
I find myself going here more now that I found it.

This is like a candy store for carpenters......wow, so much wood!
And TONS of exotic woods!
I'm not a wood worker, but my husband dabbles in projects....he was practically salivating!
Even for me, it was fun!
They had some really beautiful woods like purple heart and zebra wood, mahogany, mesquite (and other domestics) lots of woods from Africa....If this was a hobby for me, I think this would be the jackpot!
They do have a shop in the back where you can recieve some assistance on your projects, and they do sell a few tools, though I would think the main purpose in coming here would be for their variety of wood.

Attached is the confirmation of an order I placed with Woodworkers Source.
Needless to say I was not happy with the sarcastic attitude so I will not be ordering from them in the future.
Hi Virginius,  As promised, here's a happy little automated email to say thank you for your order.
Woodworking makes everybody happy, and we're extra pleased that you chose to order from us.
It was a small order for some spanish cedar for a few humidors i am making.
Not much money, about $100, but I didn't appreciate the sarcasm.
Here's what we're going to do: within 3 business days, my specialized team of well trained employees will carefully select, package, and ship your order.
If you made size specifications on lumber, it may take longer but we will let you know.
To keep up morale, they take the weekends off; so only the days between Monday and Friday count.
When the order ships, we're going to send you an email with the UPS Tracking Number, and throw a big party.
Before then, though, if I have some questions about the order (such as size requirements, availability, etc.
), I will either email or call because I want to make sure you get what you need.
Contact me: reply to this email or call 800-423-2450 (8:00am to 5:00pm Mon-Fri, Arizona time).
Your Order Status online: www.woodworkerssource.com/mm5/merchant.mvc?Screen=LOGN&Store_Code=wws   Did you see this page?
www.woodworkerssource.com/processed.php  It shows off how well these guys package your order.
I suggest having a sharp utility knife ready when the order arrives; it might take some time to unwrap it.
I'll be in touch soon.
Have a fantastic day,   Craig Haggarton Mail Order Manager Woodworkers Source   I have some great news, Virginius.
Our team of 107 hard working (and exceptionally good looking) employees has - with great care and attention - selected, packaged and shipped your order #78247 on this beautiful day.
I really think you'd have enjoyed watching all the action when your order came through.
When I handed it to Robert, our master packager, he looked at the order, smiled, pulled out a pair of his favorite Italian leather gloves and slid them onto his hands.
"Nothing but the best," he said.
And off he went!
As he selected your order, he placed it all on a satin-lined chariot to transport it to the packaging center.
And there's more .
All other 106 crew members stopped.
Every last one of them.
They gathered around, lit incense and candles, and watched with hushed awe as he wrapped the entire order in the finest gold-laced cardboard and stretch wrap that money can buy.
Seriously, you could have heard a pin drop.
In the end, the guys were so thrilled that they wanted to throw a party just for your order.
We're talking about a big fiesta with live music, a roasted pig, and a dessert spread of homemade chocolate ganache, Ukranian prune tortes, and cinnamon madeleines.
You should have seen the look on the UPS driver's face when he showed up.
He thought he was going to pick up the packages as usual, but instead we picked *him* up carried him down the street on our shoulders while the band played.
You can imagine what happened next, right?
Our neighbors came outside to see what the fuss was all about, and when they saw your beautiful order they joined in, and toasted ol' Robert who then delivered a rather moving speech on the joys of working with wood as a means to self improvement.
Someone must have called the local TV stations because the next thing I knew I had six interviews to handle for reporters who asked, "What does Virginius Swimme intend to make?
" But don't worry, your secret's safe.
I told them, "World peace.
" Man!
If only woodworking could do that!
Anyway, the guys hope to see pictures of what you make so we can have another party (I know what you're thinking).
I hope you had a wonderful time shopping at Woodworkers Source.
We enjoyed every minute of it, and we've named you "Customer of the Year.
" That gets you a pretty good parking spot right out front if you ever come see us.
So come see us some time.
Okay, okay.
You want the info, I'm sure.
Your tracking information is below, or you can also get it all by logging into your at account at our website.
After you receive your order, we'd love to know what you think: http://www.woodworkerssource.com/myorder.php   Thanks again, Craig Haggarton and The 107 Good Looking Lumber Pickers Woodworkers Source orders@woodworkerssource.com 800-423-2450

I am extremely impressed with this place.
Greg and Larry greeted me as I walked in and asked if they could help me find anything.
I let them know I was just stopping by from out of town and new to woodworking.
They showed me around the shop and I could tell it wasn't just a job to them.
They were passionate about woodworking and of sharing their knowledge with me.
Like others have said, the shop has a huge selection of wood and the prices seemed really good.
I'll definitely stop in again next time I'm in the area.

