"Procrastinator's Passport Paradise"  Before you book that out of country vacation, business, or mission trip, make sure you have your passport up to date.
That was problem number 1.
However, I found this Procrastinator's Passport Paradise, the answer to a common dilemma by many travelers, hidden resource in Tempe.
This place will save you from making the trek down to Tuscon (which is the only other place in all of AZ) if you need a 24-48 hour turn around on your passport renewal.
Search the web and you'll find out that there isn't any place else in Phoenix area.
While you do pay a premium for expedited services, it isn't outrageous.
I spent another $132 for a 1 week turnaround, which includes overnight postage to and from Washington DC (Government fees was $170).
Of course you'll pay less if you do not need the expedited service.
Despite the dodgy exterior and basic dated interior, this place has provided professional reliable service for at least 10 years.
This is the same place that is recommended by the lady that works at Passport Center at ASU Tempe Center, which was not able to provide any service faster than 14 business days.
They do provide three computers to fill out the electronic forms and even can take your necessary passport photos.
But of course this can be filled out ahead of time.
Just click this link http://travel.state.gov/passport/get/first/first_830.html  If you find this funny, useful, or cool, please click accordingly.
Safe travels.

Abdu has been running his passport and visa service for years and as a million miler on a few airlines I have come to rely on access passports just getting done what needs to be done for passports and visas.
They are worth every penny and than some.

World Class Service A+!
I called in this business not expecting a very professional and courtesy super knowledgable gentlemen!
I called in to renew my passport did not need right now.
The gentlemen was so helpful I was amazed even though inquiring about the process.
He took the time and explained fully and was so cool!
I definitely recommend way to go!
I can't wait to do business with such a place like business!
Well done five stars all the way!
Thank you so much A Access passport & visa you are a prime example for all business to follow such remarkable services and people you have there!
Just Awesome business love it!

This business deserves more than 5 stars!
My daughter (an ASU freshman without a car on campus) had her passport stolen/lost by UPS and she needed another one ASAP in order to take some school-related trips this upcoming summer.
Abdu was beyond helpful in getting her passport in only three days,  He even opened his office on Saturday to make it convenient for me to get our business completed before I had to catch a flight back home later that afternoon.
I was able to transport her back to his office to sign her new passport then Adbu prepared a FedEx envelope for her to send the passport on to a visa processing center in Washington DC.
He knew I was very worried about the whole situation and did everything he could to help us out.
I HIGHLY recommend his business for all of your passport and visa needs!!
GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!

