The drinks are really great here: the chai and mocha are my favorite, but they have quality coffee too.
There's a big outdoor area that's usually occupied by smokers and sun bathers, and an equally large inside area for people that prefer to be surrounded by walls.
They used to have free wifi, but now you have to get a code for the wifi when you get a drink beceause people were stealing the internet.
Its still a great study spot, that's open late for people getting your late night study on.

I just discovered this place today.
I really like the way they prepared my iced mocha-like a bartender would.
Fast, efficient, economy of motion.
The espresso area is set up like a bar and the barista served the iced mocha the way I like it-shaken, not stirred.
The drink was excellent and I unfortunately downed it in about 45 seconds.
I have that problem with iced mocha's.
There is a very nice, relaxed atmosphere here.
The decor is earthy and somewhat tropical-inspired.
Great outdoor seating area.
They have 3 free PCs and free wireless.
You do need to get an access code from the cashier.
Another great independent coffeehouse!

I just dropped in here to grab some wireless so I could jump online and handle a fire drill from corporate.
Got my yummy iced mocha, fired up the laptop and After The Gold Rush comes on the radio.
Haven't heard that on the radio in years.
It just lent itself to the relaxed vibe I like here and made my fire drill task so much easier to handle without stressing out.
Thanks Coffee Rush!

The room and patio?
Far better than average.
The coffee and snax?
Barfaroo.
I met a student here yesterday to discuss her thesis, and there were only a few times our conversation was drowned out by the sound of the frap (or "frost") machine or the large party of burly bikers who came in.
Hey, if Hell's Angel types think this place is cool enough for them, who am I to argue?
I ordered a black & white frost, which was advertised as a white and dark chocolate frozen mocha.
I was horrified when the barista added milk to a cup of ice, and then a heaping scoop of some powder shit and threw it in the blender.
It was foul.
Hyper sweet and yet acrid all at the same time.
The baklava?
A soggy, nasty waste of phyllo dough.
The other snack items didn't look appetizing at all: tightly wrapped muffins and clam-shelled chocolate cake and cheesecake- all from Costco.
If what goes inside their patrons could someday match their surroundings, we'd have a truly awesome coffee shop on our hands.

What they do well here are "frost" drinks (with ultracrushed ice, a la frappucino).
Competent baristas and quick service.
3 hours of free wi-fi with a drink (requires a password but I'm not sure if you can get one without purchase).
Outdoor seating is pleasant and cool, with shade and fountains.
(P.S.
Bring headphones, unless you love your '80's music.
It can get noisy.

Great place to just chill!
Large patio area (much bigger than the Chandler location), and quick, upbeat employees that work here.
Sadly, the poor sap behind the counter is usually the only person working the drinks and cash till.
I feel bad for him, but he's fast and doesn't seem to mind.
Relaxing atmosphere on the outside, a bit noisy with the machines on the inside.
Like the free wi-fi (half an hour limit) that they provide with the purchase of your drink.
Extra points for giving a free drink to customers when you use the '10th drink is on us Card'.
Always a nice place to get my fav chai and change-up from the routine Starbucks habit.

LOVED the service here!
great place to meet for a date.
very cozy patio and interior.
this location is alot better than the chandler one.
drinks are reasonably priced too.

In a world with far too few alternatives to Starbuck's, Coffee Rush steps up with friendly service, excellent coffee and a lovely warm ambiance inside and out on the verdant patio.
Definitely worth the trip past Starbuck's to support this local business.

tasty drinks, nice setting, convenient location, wifi, more restaurants nearby if you want a meal after all that caffeine

I really want to find an awesome coffee house to call my own, but I don't think this is it.
The tables and chairs are spartan and uncomfortable.
The room is dark (although the patio looks quite nice).
The Internet was spotty, and it took a long time to load something as simple as Gmail.
They are very strict about no outside drinks, and would not allow my friend to have a Jamba Juice cup in the facility.
But yay, the drinks are cheap, and I was able to get an Ameriano for less than $2.
Can't beat that.
So, this is a place I will quickly stop by if I need a drink, but I can't say I would ever spend much time there.

I love their Chai frost with whipped cream...  Having said that, it's a cozy coffeehouse with dim lighting, and a warm atmosphere.
Hey if you really want to get cozier then bring a pillow and a blanket.
:)  The service is quick which is good, and fun to watch.
In the summer when it's super hot outside they'll have the misters going which keep things nice and cool.
Overall it's a good place to sit down and have a cup of coffee.

The ice mocha is strong and full flavored without being acidic.
The place has a great vibe, try it you'll like it!

I really liked Coffee Rush when I first started going.
I used to meet here with a church group and it was the perfect location for low volume discussion.
Good atmosphere, tasty drinks.
Plus the prices of drinks can't be beat.
I am disappointed however with my first solo experience there at Coffee Rush, and have not gone back since and probably never will.
I needed to work several hours on a long paper for my grad school class, and to begin my session I grabbed a tasty looking peach tea.
I was then informed that I would need to spend at least 3.99 to use my debit card.
I thought it was odd because most businesses do not have stipulations like that, especially when they are as frequented as Coffee Rush.
I didn't mind so much, and purchased a bottle of water to drink later.
I sat down to open my computer and get online to access my... ONLINE... class materials.
Found out I had to have a code to access wi-fi.
I thought that was fair, we don't need anyone stealing internet I suppose.
So I got the code and spent the next three hours chugging away at my paper.
At the end of three hours, the internet access apparently ended.
There was a time limit, so I had to go back up to the counter to ask for another code.
It was clear I was working, clear that I had purchased two drinks to have during my visit, and was informed that I could not receive an additional code unless I purchased another drink.
I wasn't thirsty at all, I had two drinks already, and asked the man behind the counter if my bottled water counted as the second drink....  "No, it has to be something I make for you here behind the counter.
So maybe a frappucino, a latte, a chai..." I thanked him and gathered my belongings to leave.
I understand needing to pay for the wi-fi many are using for free, but i wasn't going to spend another $4 to have internet that I could be using at home.
I would like Yelp to consider changing the Wi-Fi information for this location.
If I have to pay more money to use a service, that would not qualify as free... Avoid Coffee Rush and head to It's A Grind if you have a lot of work to do and intend on long hours...

They make a yummy  chilled chai latte!!!
AZ summer heat can be bad.......they have a nice patio area with misters & sun shades or if outside is to hot, their inside is nice to.
The bathroom was gross, so I would avoid using it if you can.
Good service.
If you are using a card to pay, must spend $3.99 or more to use it.
They have free wi-fi.

My quest to find a coffee similar to what they serve in Europe has ended.
I have become somewhat of a coffee snob after my trip to Europe.
The brothers that own this place remember everyone's name and what they drink... and best of all the coffee tastes GOOD!
Unlike your typical corporate brand coffee place.
Love this place

I am a new coffee drinker and typically visit Starbucks but this place was fantastic.
They offer an hour of internet for every drink you buy which is pretty cool.
Their drinks are reasonably priced and taste delicious.
I would recommend the Cherry Mocha frost, super yummy.
They have indoor and out door seating.
The girl behind the counter was a sweetheart helping me order.
Compared the drinks I would like to what I normally get elsewhere.
I will definitely be going back for more.
Also they offer punch cards if you visit frequently.

This is a great place for coffee and wonderful pastries.
The Baristas are GORGEOUS young men and are so friendly, entertaining and helpful.
There is outdoor seating as well as a nice big indoor area.
The pastries are amazing and unlike Starbucks, you won't break the bank for a cup o'joe and a treat.
I dare ya to go and not enjoy the place...I double dog dare ya!

This coffee house is a quiet, peaceful place, with great natural light and a beautiful garden patio.
Great place to go to visit with a friend, read, write, or relax.
Great selection of coffee, tea and italian soda.

I love this place!
I just started using the WiFi, to finish some work without the kids bugging me.
If I come here, I'm buying a drink anyways, but I've never had a problem getting another WiFi ticket if I run out of time.
They have outlets like every 6-7 feet, so you can almost always find a seat close enough to plug in your computer.
The owners know you buy name and if there's a long line, by the time you reach the counter, your drink is waiting for you.
Yeah... they remember what everyone orders.
I feel welcomed and at home when I come here; which is way I go here so frickin often!

Nice patio seating w/ a large fountain, lush plants and misters to cool you off in the summer & heat lamps in the winter.
This a smokers hang-out though so don't expect a fresh outdoor breeze.
They play mellow music in the background, offer free WiFi and allow you to bring your dog into their patio area if it's on a leash.
Coffee is good and they have a variety of other winter & summer drinks, plus pastries.

Back in high school, I would've have gave this chain 5 stars.
As of recently, The customer service has decreased greatly; for the most part, One employee in-particular.
I do not know his name, but he has been working there for over 5-6 years.
I remember him at the store in chandler.
Lately, in the past years; he has became an ass.
To the point of insulting a close friend of mine while we were ordering.
He is very pretentious and condescending.
For this sole reason, I now prefer Starbucks of this establishment.
Not all the baristas here are bad, I generally like the rest.
Just continued abuse from this fucker has left a bad taste in my mouth.
But I will say that the drinks are good and decently priced.
Very social atmosphere.
Wi-Fi and free computers to use.
Was a regular for over 6-7years now.
But now I avoid it like the plague.
Won't be going back.

I can't think of anything bad about this place.
Luckily I've never had a bad cup of coffee.
The atmosphere is very kick back where you have the choice of sitting outside in their relaxing patio or staying in.
I noticed that the owner is always there making sure everything is in check.
I now live in Queen Creek, AZ so its a long drive to this place but I make the effort to stop by at least a few times a month only because the coffee is sooooo good.

This past Friday morning, I walk in, order a chai latte from a smiling barista who looks to be one of the brothers who I think own the place.
As he's making my chai, he pours a couple shots of espresso, asks if I'd like to share a quick shot of caffeine with him.
I accept.
He pours vanilla and ice into a cup, throws the shot of espresso in without hesitation, hands it to me, says cheers and we drink from our styrafoam cups.
"You have to drink it all at once, don't stop until you're done!
" He says.
Didn't even charge me, he was just having fun and wanted to share.
It's really not uncomon to go away from this place with more than just your drink.
Most of the employees I interact with have left me with a smile and just a little more joy in my day.
If you go even somewhat regularly and order the same thing, they'll remember and start making it before you order.
That Friday I became a customer for life, and you can bet they'll make their money back for that little shot of espresso!

In addition to good coffee, this cafe offers a laid-back environment and a great patio!

The service is great but I have had better coffee.
Try the baklava!
And pay in cash for purchases less than $5.

The coffee drinks are good, decently priced and the service is fast, fast, fast!

THE WORST!!!!!
I wish I could give zero stars...the people who work here treated me worse than I have ever been treated before.
I went to Coffee Rush one night to get tea.
My husband and I were in town for Christmas visiting family, and we stopped here to meet up with two of his old friends.
The guy who took my order was strange.
He asked me what I wanted, but before I could say anything he disappeared behind the counter.
I waited until he popped back up to yell out my order so I didn't have to repeat myself and when he asked me again what I wanted he seemed really annoyed.
I ordered a tea.
I went to pay and he was taking a second order at the same time, and placed it on the counter with mine, which was confusing.
He told me the total, I gave him cash, and when he handed back my change he told me that since less that the majority of my party were ordering drinks I wasn't welcomed to stay and needed to leave immediately!
I was pretty shocked considering I had been there for only a few minutes and was asked to leave once they had my money.
This is the WORST customer service I have ever experienced.
I don't even live in AZ, but I visit every year and have family there.
Not only will I never be back, but I was sure to warn everyone I knew of their horrible treatment of customers.
The barista was a total jerk.
I'm 27 years old, and from Seattle.
I hang out at coffee and tea shops all the time, and have never been kicked out of anywhere my entire life... and this guy had the nerve to treat me like some sort of delinquent.
I can't imagine how treating people like crap and telling them to leave is a smart business plan.

Love watching the "dance" of making the drinks.
Super fast service, huge selection.
Keep wanting to branch out but end up getting the Tiramisu again and again.

Loaded Tiramisu Mocha Frost...need I say more?
First time visiting this coffee establishment.
Starting with service - the gentleman behind the counter is one of the best multi-taskers I have ever seen!
He was alone behind the counter, making multiple drinks at the same time, took the time to issue a warm greeting to everyone that walked through the doors, knew almost everyone by name and made it a point to ask them about their day.
The prices were pretty equivalent to every other coffee stop i've been to, but the friendly atmosphere here will keep me coming back.

I drove by this coffee place for weeks, and I finally decided to go there one night to finish up some work on my lap top accompanied by a cup of coffee.
I have mixed feelings about this place.
Yes, it's not a huge chain like Starbucks, and the staff are super friendly... but I felt kind of out of place.
I walked in in jeans and a t-shirt, my hair just in a pony tail, and as I looked around at the other patrons and the staff, I felt immediately as if I should have done my hair and put on a trendy shirt.
This is a great place for younger folks and the college crowd, as that is the majority of the customers demographic.
It seems like they would have been more welcoming, but I guess the atmosphere is different here.
(For example, places like this in Minneapolis, where I'm from, are welcoming of everyone).
The coffee, however, is fantastic, and I would take it over Starbucks any day.
I was disappointed to find that the internet requires a passcode (that you can acquire from the barista) and has a two hour limit.
Bummer!
At the time I visited this cafe, I didn't have internet at home, and had to to the vast majority of my work at coffee shops with internet access.
I would stay in coffee shops upwards of 6 hours sometimes.
Going to get a new access code is tedious and unwelcoming.
The patio is super awesome, and a cool place to hang out with a group of friends.
It has a nice vibe and the lighting is nice, but it almost seemed a little too narrow minded for me.

I decided to check this place out today for a change of scenery from the Starbucks I usually frequent.
Hoping for a nice change, I received a slap in the face.
The staff was fake-y nice, and rude-ish at the same time.
There were 2 guys behind the register/bar both talking to me at the same time which was a little unnerving as I was there to relax and all it did was stress me out.
I was trying to ask questions and was being constantly interrupted and cut off.
I did manage to at one point tell them I had not been there before.
The guy at the register gave me crap for wanting to use my debit card because I purchased under $5 and did not have cash on me.
He explained that the coffee shop gets charged 70 cents for each transaction so they have a $3.99 limit for using a debit card.
Although this "one time only" he would run my card.
I don't see why he needed to explain that to me.
It is not my business what the credit card company charges them per swipe.
Why don't they just have a sign, $3.99 and under - Cash Only Please.
That would be more effective and also more professional.
It would allow the customer to ASK why instead of having a forced guilt trip.
Both people behind the counter were very rude.
The only thing good was the coffee.
I got an Americano with half and half (they don't carry heavy cream), with a shot of hazelnut.
Not too bad.
The seating area I was in smelled like old pee.
It was awful.
Seriously it almost was burning my eyes.
I ended up moving and the smell followed me.....
I actually had to spray myself with perfume while sitting there just to distract myself from the stench before I just decided to leave.
I looked around and everyone around me was very clean cut so I know it was not them.
I almost left because of the smell alone.
it could have been a coincidence, but I was still not happy about it.
Also, the smell of Pine Sol was a little heavy.
Back to Starbucks I go...... Shame for them, I practically LIVE at Starbucks and spend a lot of money there and was looking for a new spot to hang out and to work......

Love this place!
The coffee was amazing!
They let you smoke outside , and you can bring small dogs to!

Coffee Rush is a quintessential coffee shop hangout.
It has all of the elements necessary for a "go to" spot:  Good drinks: My favorites are the Black and White Frost, Mint Mocha Frost, and Deadly Soda.
Good Customer Service: The baristas are always cheerful, very quick, and sometimes a bit quirky  Nice enough indoor seating: It isn't plush, at all.
But, there always seems to be enough seating, and the groupings of tables and chairs are varied enough that there is generally space to comfortably seat groups of any size (from tables of 2 for my hubby and I to a banquette table that we could squish 8 people into if needed)  Free Internet Access with the purchase of a drink: When you buy your drink, you can ask for a code to log onto the internet.
It is good for 3 hours.
I can't imagine complaining about 3 hours of free internet - if you've sat in the restaurant for 3 hours, its time to buy another drink anyway.
Their process is painless and the connection is always decent, unlike other "free internet" places where you are subject to a limited amount of bandwidth that can be taken up by squatters who aren't buying anything and are streaming videos, music, etc for hours on end.
Loyalty Card: You know the drill - you get a card, they stamp it, you get a free drink eventually.
Its nice to have and is an incentive for me to return to Coffee Rush locations instead of hitting up a competitor.
There are a few things that are just okay - namely, the pastry selection and the patio.
The pastry selection is pretty disappointing.
I got a muffin once and it was just sort of crumbly and average.
The things in the case don't really ever look very good and aren't your typical coffee shop fare - think storebought cheesecake and baklava instead of muffins, breakfast breads, croissants, etc.
The patio is actually quite nice - spacious, shaded, has misters, plenty of seating, lots of plug ins for laptops, etc.
However, they allow smoking out there and so, being a non-smoking asthmatic, I unfortunately can't comfortably spend time out there.
My wish is that they would either a) disallow smoking, which I realize isn't likely or b) have two separate patios - a smoking patio and a non-smoking patio, preferably on opposite sides of the building.
For the moment, I just stay inside, which is generally just fine since its 100 degrees or more outside anyway.
I can definitely recommend Coffee Rush!
Check it out :)  DISCLAIMER: I am not a coffee snob.
I barely drink coffee at all, but I DO drink coffee at Coffee Rush, so take that as you will.

I wish I could give them no stars at all but alas, I guess only 1 will have to do.
I used to be a VERY loyal customer and went there with friends all through high school.
I adored the owner and often shared conversation with him or the other employees during their smoke breaks.
I'm not sure what happened but it was around 2008 that new employees as well as the owner's relatives began to take over more.
The customer service became horrible and was more about money and get a certain "crowd" to the point that they would ask people to leave even if they were not finished with their drinks or food that they had purchased there.
My friend had accidently left a Starbucks cup (empty and in her purse) into the patio area and an employee saw it and immediately started berating her, told her it was like bringing McDonalds into a fine restaurant and asked her to leave due to her disrespect.
I understand that it was not the most ideal thing to do on her part but it had been a complete accident and was INSIDE her purse (you could see the Starbucks logo through the small opening, hence the employee spotting it) plus she had personally purchased multiple drinks that night from coffee rush.
PLEASE do not support this business.
Try Bunna Coffee on Power Rd.
in Mesa.
Much better atmosphere and coffee.

wow,wow,wow, ...service a+,coffee a+,coffee BUZZ..A+ yaaaa!!!!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!

My favorite place to study in college.
Great patio and yummy coffee!
quick service with quirky staff.
Just wish they would serve more food items, as there are only desserts to choose from.

I have been going to Coffee Rush for YEARS since my dad lives right around the corner.
I've filled up my share of stamp cards with my own money spent here time and again.
However, tonight I brought in the last card I had filled - stamps I earned fair and square - and the baristas (two I've never seen before - they seem to have a high turnover lately...) both said they can no longer accept the card because some douchecanoe stole the stamper and some "loyalty" cards two months ago (I'll note that I have been here in the last two months and this is the first I've been told of this).
It's not my fault that you kept the stamper within arms reach and didn't pay attention, 2. it's OBVIOUS these cards I brought in were NOT stamped at the same time right before I brought them to you.
You should never punish your customers for something one guy did.
It's just bad customer service.
It's really not my fault that I live in central Phoenix and your only locations are in the east valley so I don't come often enough to see "signs on the door" telling me of the change.
I'll still come here because it's great coffee with a nice vibe, but I am pretty disappointed (see: pissed) that I was treated like the theif instead of the loyal customer I am.

Cool atmosphere and great coffee.
Employees are friendly and prompt with my order.
If you are looking for a spot to relax check out coffee rush.
Beware they are busy during the weekend nights so plan on taking your order to go.

I've been meeting here regularly with 4 or 5 other people.
Twice in the past four times a person walks up and without even introducing themselves starts counting out drinks to make sure the majority of us bought drinks    One person explained that the owners are enforcing this.
For me it's just distasteful and very unfriendly.
That on top of the debit card minimum is ridiculous.
Another instance I was in line with a can of diet coke (I'm buying coffee) and a person walks up and tells me to throw it away.
Seriously is this the soup nazi of coffee?
If it is then that means your coffee needs to be good first.
The patio is always filled with smoke.
There seems to be regulars who come in all the time since a handful of people know each other.
One regular carries what looks like a giant colt 45.
The interior is too small to find a good sitting area.

The service I received was by far the worst I have ever experienced!
The management was rude and treated me as if I were a child.
Absolutely the worst customer service, I was ostracized for being a conformist and could barely breathe from the countless amount of hipsters blowing smoke in my face.
My friend who i went with was yelled at by an employee for having his feet on the table yet the employee failed to notice the two tables next to us who had people with their feet up.
I am baffled at the fact that my friend and I were treated so Rudely but the old pervert in the corner who whistled at my sister was unnoticed.
All I can say is I will never waste another fifteen minutes at this dump again!
I wish I could have gave in a 0!

Really good coffee, but the smoke filled patio really kills the potential.
Apparently the smokers spend enough to keep it in business, because myself and my non-smoking friends won't be back.
Sorry.
Tldr; get it to go unless you like 2nd hand smoke.

Pretty tasty coffee and local owned and operated if I am not mistaken

Pretty good place, Great menu...
I like how they do a stamp card..  Ill take it over Starbucks!!!
Always a friendly staff.

I've been hooked on Coffee Rush coffee drinks ever since discovering their Chandler location years ago.
That still is my default coffee shop, however, on the occasion when I am on this north side of Gilbert, I caffeinate here.
The offerings are identical and familiar, my loyalty punch card is honored, and occasionally I'll run into Stefano, my favorite bartender (they say bartender here, not barista) who used to work at the Chandler shop.
My favorite thing about the coffee here is that it is strong enough to taste in a latte or a loaded frost, and they have a good selection of sugar-free syrups.
I do like the larger size of this Coffee Rush's interior, and the exterior patio is cool--with the fountain and the sound of running water.
But I still have a soft spot in my heart for the lakeside seating at the Chandler venue (it must be the presence of ducks).
When I shop down the road at Kohl's, I'll drop in here.
Or if I dare to get my back waxed across the street at Knockouts--this will be my side trip.
Whatever you do, don't overlook Coffee Rush on this side of the East Valley.
Life's too short to settle for Starbucks.

I usually hit this place up in the morning if I'm in the East Valley and I can say that I have not had a bad experience.
The coffee is good, decently priced and the selection of Baklava is awesome.
Ok, that sounds odd, but I found out a good piece of Baklava with coffee is a great way to start your day!

Service:  The people who work here are very nice!
They always greet me with a smile.
Drinks: Fairly tasty.
I appreciate that they have teas as well when I am not in the mood for coffee.
Atmosphere:  Unfortunately this is where Coffee Rush loses me.
There are no comfortable chairs inside but rather uncomfortable metal chairs.
On nice days I would like to go outside, but this seems to be the hang out for smokers.
That's fine for smokers, but I am not one.
Summary:  If you are a smoker and want some coffee, this is the place!

Dang good coffee and friendly staff!

I spend my time at coffee rush more than twice a week and have to say it's one of my favorite places on the planet.
I look forward to unwinding and doing homework in a place where I'll probably run into someone I know.
Though I'll admit, this is not a place I go with sweats and no makeup, I feel right at home here.
I switch between a chai tea with soy milk or a peach & strawberry Italian soda, which a couple of the baristas always remember.
This will forever be the place I go to relax as well as the place I go to hunker down and do way too much homework.

Very nice and roomy dinning room with lots of prime seating outside.
A coffee snob like me can always smell out a nice coffee joint with a good barista like this.
Good ice tea too!
They offer pretty much everything you could want at a coffee place so just relax and enjoy!
Ps my husband won't drink coffee but he likes this place.
He recommends they get a few more snack options (scones or other pastry) but all & all a good place.

I frequently visit this caffeine oasis and every time I do I'm left with great service, decent coffee and free wifi internet.
If I could count how many "A" worthy papers I've written here this review would be a mile long.
I love the atmosphere, the awesome patio.
The only, and I emphasize only, negative aspect of the place is the constant barrage of teeny boppers and hipsters that come in and just post up shop for hours.
It's a bit intimidating at first but I got used to it.
Other than that one sour note I love this place.

I work across the street from Coffee Rush and I have for about nine months now.
Yesterday was the first time I've tied their coffee, which is surprising because I drink coffee almost every day.
Needless to say I went back today for more!
They have many different choice compared to other coffee shops; flavor wise.
So far I have tried two different frosted coffees, next I will need to try their iced and hot coffee!

My friend and I met here for a drink.
I'm the coffee drinker so I ordered from Coffee Rush and she got something from Jamba Juice.
As we were talking and drinking our drinks one of the employees gave my friend a cup and told her she either had to drink the rest of her drink quickly & throw away the cup or pour it into the coffee rush cup so if his boss came in he wouldn't know it was an outside drink.
Wow.
Is his boss a Coffee Nazi?
This really seems to be such a trivial thing to do to your customers.
I'm sure It's A Grind won't mind the added business & won't care if someone brings in a smoothie to drink with their coffee-drinking friend.
I will not be back.

Coffee rush has been my favorite coffee place for about 10 years now.
I love the owners and most of the staff are very friendly and greet you with a smile, and most remember your drink.
To the good stuff, the coffee is phenomenal and never disappoints, whether you get a frost, tea, or an Americano....I am always satisfied.

When I first moved to the area I mentioned to my neighbor that I would miss all the old coffee shops back home in California and right away he told me I needed to check this place out!
I'm very glad he did I love te iced coffees the sweets and the service is always great!!
Best part is their espresso it doesn't have that bitter lingering generic taste that the mega chain coffee joints offer!
I am now a regular and haven't looked back since!

I stop here on occasion when I'm not feeling lazy and crave a better tasting coffee outside of starbucks drive thru.
Always see the same guy working solo which can get a bit annoying if there's a line and I'm in hurry but no big deal.
My last visit there will he just that, my LAST.
He was more interested in chatting with his wife then he was in serving the 3 or 4 people waiting in line.
I probably spent at least 15 minutes just standing there waiting.
This to me is unprofessional and uncalled for.

I've driven by here countless time, and not being much of a coffee drinker myself, I've never stopped.
Went in with my fiance today and even a coffee novice like me can taste the difference!
The coffee served here is clearly a step (or several) above Starbucks!
And the barista was so fast!
Almost seemed like he must have been a bartender at some point in his life.
He was so efficient and put on a bit of a show as he made our drinks.
His service was excellent and paired with the great tasting coffee, we'll definitely be back in.

This place is legit.
Coffee is always perfect.
Their espresso is top notch too, never bitter.
Not a huge fan of their 'frost'  drinks but can easily recommend almost any of their flavors iced.
They also have various non coffee drinks of which I have enjoyed.
Staff is always friendly willing to accommodate whatever you ask for, or any flavor not on the menu.
Only bad part is it turns into hipster city at night...  Well I guess that's not bad if you're a hipster, but I can't hold that against them.
Their coffee speaks for itself and I battle past the slouchy beanies and ironic moustaches to get some.
Try the Costa Rican, you won't be disappointed.

Tons of coffee options, which are a bit confusing, but it's delicious and there's a ton of space.

I've been here twice in the last week because I was impressed with it, and plan on coming back many times in the future.
The entire place is open, spacious, and clean clean clean, which I appreciate.
It's a funky combination of tiki-hut-esque and coffee-chic, depending on where you go in the cafe, and the back wall is covered with high quality family photos.
The outside patio is BEAUTIFUL; plenty of running fountains, lots of seating, comfortable chairs, and umbrellas and canopies for us shade-lovers.
I just LOVED the patio.
Arnie, the main barista, is an uber-friendly and memorable man.
He works swiftly and carefully and has great personalized recommendations for his customers.
I ordered my drink in a rush (get it?
Coffee Rush?
Sorry...) with a line building up behind me, and Arnie (as the only barista) got the drink ordered and made within literally 60 seconds, including check out.
It was darn impressive.
The drinks are great quality.
Not too sugary, rich coffee flavor, no skimping on the espresso, and best of all, very, very reasonably priced.
Where I would pay $7 at Starbucks for a frap type drink made with 2 extra shots and extra milk, I paid about $4 here.
Coffee Rush understands a fundamental business concept: Whatever you do in your business, DO IT WELL.
Since their primary business is coffee, they have spared no expense in serving a quality, delicious product.
They do clearly state everywhere in the cafe "No outside drinks allowed," which I think is completely fair.
When your business is run on doing one beverage excellently, you ask that the ambience and spirit of that business be respected on the premises.
I can't wait to go back next week.

I have had a lot of luck at this Coffee Rush location!
The coffee is always good, the staff is almost always friendly.
The setting is a bit hipster, but what coffee shop isn't these days?
I like the little punch cards they give you, although I have a tendency to lose them.
An app would be a bit easier to me.
All in all, this location of Coffee Rush is enjoyable :)

