THIS IS A GOOD COSTCO.
I've been to quite a few of them and this location is primo!
Stocked really well, clean and nice employees.
The photo center has the best price in digital printing that I know of in town.
The items I need are always stocked and available.
Very much worth the $50 membership fee.

Costco serves a purpose... and it's great for stocking up on everything from toiletries, gum, snacks, large portions of fresh food, electronics, bottled water, electronic items, etc...
I guess it's good for pretty much everything if you're looking for great prices and/or large amounts!
I agree with Nadia that this location is primo!
However, going to Costco can be an ordeal - you have to deal with parking, showing your id upon entering, finding what you're looking for, and then finding space in your car for everything you end up purchasing (which if you are anything like me, is much more than you anticipated going in).
The other day, I convinced future yelper, Alexa M, to join me for a 'quick trip' to Costco.
We were going in to purchase an ipod (birthday present for my sister).
That's all we were going to purchase.
But while we were there, we had to look around a bit... in addition to the ipod, we ended up checking out with a 12 pack of Dentyne Fire (my favorite gum), a DVD of season 3 of Prison Break (for Alexa), a 3 pack of Calvin Klein tank tops, and an itunes card to go with the ipod.
Upon check out, I was told that my Costco membership was up for renewal... so add another $100 to my total.
I paid and texted Jared that I renewed the membership and he called and said to get it reversed since he did it just a few weeks ago... add a Customer Service nightmare to this scenario as he gets on the phone and tells them it's been paid, Alexa leaves her keys in the ladies room (but luckily gets them back), I try to get reimbursed but the credit card machine won't work so they reimburse me cash instead, and then when we leave, the guy at the door realizes they charged me twice for the tank tops!
Ugh - I was happy they caught the double charge, but this trip ended up being even more of an ordeal than usual.
I will continue to go to Costco as soon as our membership renewal debacle is taken care of, but I will just make sure that when I go, I am patient and plan enough time...  Alexa - I'm sure you'll write a better review of our experience than I did.
Excited to see your review!

For years we had a membership, but it never really paid for us to use it so we let it expire.
We recently stopped into the Costco Home Store in Tempe (review to come) and decided that we really wanted to purchase some things there, but would need a membership.
So off we went to this location and renewed the membership.
It is very easy to walk in and want one of everything.
New TV?
Yes please!
Oh look, a juicer!
I need that.
When I go, I have to be very strict with myself.
Only things on the list.
As such, I do pretty well budget wise but it's HARD.
One thing I love is that about once a month I get a mailer that contains coupons.
Some months to coupons are junk but some months they are gold.
$3 off toilet paper, or $2.50 off soda.
Again, I have to be very careful to stay on my list.
I've also taken advantage of Costco's Travel Agency.
I higly recommend checking them out if you are pricing a vacation.
We actually booked our honeymoon through them and the price was significantly less through Costco than any online travel website.
And really, no one can beat going on a Sunday with the mad house crowds to enjoy all the free samples.

This one seems to have a great selection of samples, more so than the others.
It is also laid out nicely and seems to be a bit cleaner that most others.
I would chose to go to this one over the Airpark one.

It was great.
The cooked samples :D   bottled waters, prepared food, crab corn chowder, salads, toilet paper.
Merchandise is well organized.
The food court which only takes cash but has wonderful prices.
I really like the 1.69 HUGE ice cream bar hand dipped in chocolate : ) Makes me happy every time.
Friendly greeters.
Convenient tire change at the mechanic shop.
Would always spend 100+ here no matter how conservative we were.
There are volume discounts, but you gotta buy TONS in quantity, which racks up the bill.
It was still a four stars until...   2 soiled Starbucks coffees (glass bottles) ruins it.
*dramatic music here* Such a pity that quality control is under par w/ Starbucks products.

Again, the samples seem to be plentiful here.

I freakin love Costco!
Since moving to this area over 2 years ago, I am very familiar with this location.
My mom & I come here once every 2-3 months & stock up.
They have an awesome meat selection!
Love getting toilet paper & paper towels in bulk, as well as any cleaning supplies or personal hygiene items.
Usually always get water bottles & a case of Dr. Pepper too.
The alcohol is a bit cheaper as well so whenever we have a party or get-together we stop by Costco for the booze & sandwich trays/pizza.
It's so hard not to spend a ton here though, yesterday we walked out with a $350 total!
SOOO worth it though.

Great quality, great prices.
If only they had longer hours, delivery of large items, and a gift registry, it'd be heaven.

Oh  Costco, you are the bane of my existence.
I try to get in and out just with diapers and wipes, however this has been proven impossible in the past two and a half years.
Every time I go I shudder a little.
I know I won't get out of there without a $200.00 receipt.
I love Costco, I never thought I would say those words.
I love the Baba Foods road show.
Can't have enough of the Baba Ghanouj.
This is one of the two locations I frequent, mainly because I am chasing after Baba Foods.

I so love this Costco, everyone is great!
I'm working on the under $200 plan but the wine selection is so good that I rarely make it.
Your team is great and always helpful!

I love Costco and especially this one.
Great staff, close to my house, and always clean.
Their wine selection is good.
Food options are always expansive.
Can't beat this place.

We really like shopping at this Costco.
Great product assortment Great location Great prices Great service Great people Great food Great gas prices Great return policy  and their rotisserie chicken is darn good too!

This Costco is our local.
Sometimes the weekends can be really busy but if you go on Thursday or Friday night it can be a quick trip.
Gas station on site is cheap (of course) but always busy.

I love grazing in Costco on occasion.
Oh and the products, parking, prices are good too.
I do not buy their cheap gas.
My Truck deserves better.

I love Costco.
I love their company policies, they treat their employees well and they treat their customers with respect.
If I get something that doesn't work then I take it back.
No problem ever returning anything.
Their offerings are plentiful and they've really been adding more organic and gluten free options which I am very happy about.
This location has very good selections at it.
Better than many of the other clubs around town.
You can't beat the deal on the rotisserie chicken and the seasonal items are worth grabbing as soon as you can!
Great club...gas pricing is cheaper than other locations as well.
Always clean and respectful staff.

Why do they even have a greeter here?
Why don't they have card reader to get in, instead of a person costing us paying members 19-24k+ per year, standing, taking up space, and with their smug attitude ..."can I see your card".
Well NO, I obviously have one and need the card to check out with, so yes I'm here for a purpose, so now get away from me and my children.
Go stock some shelves, make yourself useful, do some REAL work.
Also I believe if you use their shopping cart for your groceries that you as a customer need to return it BACK to where you found it.
Not leaving it out in the parking lot you lazy-ass for someone else (that we as members have to pay) to go collect & retrieve carts from hell's half acres.
Eliminating that job would save countless thousands in cash and the mind-bogging time wasted by the red apron zombies shuffling around inside.
Yo idiot, cutting cost, salaries and margins would LOWER the prices in this failing economy.
Think about it.

Love Costco... Shop there 2 or 3 times a month.
Love that they try to keep costs low to give value, without sacrificing quality, for customers for merchandise and gas.
Great rotisserie chicken, meats and veggies.
I don't get lots of fruit there, better prices at grocery store can usually be found.

Much better than Sam's Club and the prices are more competitive.
Staff is very friendly too.

Good place to come if you're in a rush and looking for a cheap dinner.
The hubs and I can pick up two pizzas (BIG pieces) and two sodas for less than $4.

I LOVE COSTCO.
I think their gas prices are much more reasonable than other places.
This Costco's parking lot is not a mad house and I always luck out with a really good parking spot.
I don't really come here for the samples, I really come here for their quality products and their return policy.
I do wish that they have more organic products (veggies and meat).
Their prices for organic chicken is better than other grocery stores.
I don't use their pharmacy because I find their operating times inconvenient.
I don't use their eye care section because they don't take vision insurance.
If you're going to purchase a large ticket item (i.e., a TV), go to their Scottsdale location, the tax is slightly lower.
Overall, I really like this location, i love their products and I am a big fan.

My husband and I enjoy going to Costco just to walk around.
There have been many Saturday afternoons where we were bored and just decided to go to Costco to see what samples they have, and to get a Polish dog and churro.
Oh yeah, and we usually end up buying something too.
The only think I don't like is the smug lady "greeter"  who in her rude way asks to see your card, even if we obviously are in the process of getting it out of our wallets.
Geez, take a chill pill.

I love Costco!
Great products, customer service, return policy and prices.
We tend to visit Costco more frequently than our local grocery store.
I highly recommend shopping here if you don't mind buying in bulk, it ends up being cheaper in the long run.
Every time I visit they suck you into buying something that wasn't on your list.
Oh look, a 55" LED TV or maybe I will buy some wood flooring today....it happens to the best of us.
Don't miss out on their high quality Kirkland food products - rotisserie chicken and the take and bake pizzas are always a hit.
This is a one stop shop - tires for your car, photo service, pharmacy, eyeglasses, hearing aids, bakery, meat department, produce, toiletries, vitamins, top shelf liquor, etc.
You name and they will sell it to you.
Enough already, just go check it out.

I love CostCo.
This location is a great CostCo because even when it's crowded its rarely over-crowded.
Much better than the FLW location.
It's a little smaller though, so there is slightly less variety.
I find better produce here than I do at most local grocery stores.
And free samples?!?!?
Who doesn't love free food?

OMG I love Costco!
I would give 5 stars but I wouldn't say this is the BEST Costco.
The one is Scottsdale is PRIMO.
They have super duper premium wines, liquors, jewelry, etc...
But my Cave Creek location is HOME!
Great customer service all of the time.
I go there just to walk around and eat samples sometimes!

Clean place all the time, always have free samples so people who like those go here!
Lines can be very long but tend to go somewhat fast on certain days.
Like how they have a section for tv's, cameras, clothes, books, and dvd's.

Sunday afternoon is the busiest time here!
Personally, I could live without the LOLs pushing preservative-laden factory food on me.
I'd also like to see more grass-fed and pastured animal products.
I had visitors from out of town who are also Costco members where they live.
They were surprised the Costco employees actually checked our card when we went in and our receipt when we left.
This location may be more militant than others.

Easy access to freeway, gas station and usual Costco goodies ... what's to complain about.
Plus this Costco seems like it has little more options available, comparing to the one on I17/101.
I've never experienced huge crowd or long lines at the check out, and that makes it even better.

I love Costco.
I have been to many stores and this is my favorite.
The staff is amazing, the parking is convenient, the gas is lower than surrounding Costco's.
The store also has a great flow to it.
I only wish this location had a Costco carwash.

The thing I love most about Costco is that I really trust the quality of the products they offer.
It seems like they really do their research before stocking a product.
On the rare occasion that you buy a dud, they'll take it back with no hassle.

Loveeee Costco!!!
The food, the liquor, the supplies, but I wish one thing, THIS location will have MORE variety of everything.
All the Costco's are different the Scottsdale is the best BUT why not make this location just as good!
Bring in MORE variety and I will change my stars!

I love shopping at Costco.
Great prices and the best bakery.
Only down side is when I went to get something to eat there the woman behind the counter was yelling at us and rolled her eyes when we said we needed a minute.
There was nobody behind us in line.
No need for the attitude

This is a great Costco.
Very clean and always have everything I need in stock.
Parking is convenient, and they also have has at this location which is just about the only place I'll get gas at, great prices!
Also love their $10 carry out pizza!

How can you go wrong!
This location is easy access off the 101 and cave creek.
Pros: Organic tomato sauce Pickles Trash bags Avocados Limes Bell peppers Tequila  Cons: Busy on Sundays Makes me want to impulse buy a $200 trampoline Look honey, cinnamon buns!!!

Love the store, prices, and staff at this location.

This company does everything right.
In the rare case where they make a mistake,  they fix it immediately,  and usually without question.
They are very big,  but extremely good.

If you haven't been to Costco, you are clearly not part of the western world.
Can't go wrong with buying staples in bulk, grabbing a delicious hot dog, loading up on great wines, custom birthday cake - - and returns are a SNAP.
I would stay away from pre-made Costco salads and strawberries.
They tend to go bad in a DAY.

Love the free samples they give out.
Sunday's are the best days for those.
Only open till 8 most days though, so get in early!
Their customer service is almost always amazing, the company treats their employees well, and it is definitely noticed how much most of the workers love their job.
We used to go to the one in Scottsdale, but since we moved this is our main location.
Their photo department is amazing as well...the cheapest and best photos I have been able to find!

My favorite Costco in the valley.
Walking in your always greeted by someone nice and personable.
My wife and I were walking past the different selections of meat and noticed they were a little low on rib-eyes.
One of the butchers noticed we were looking a litter harder and opened the sliding glass door and asked if he could help.
We told him what we were looking for and within 2 minutes he cut us a 4 pack and off we went.
We generally like to visit this Costco after 6:30 because the store isn't the busiest.
Great place always new items to check out, best customer service!

Costco is the best!
They have great prices on all their goods.
We love the free samples.
Our 21 month old loves them too.
Wether we are hosting a party or getting supplies for home, Costco always seems to have what we need.

