I come to this Best Buy when Fry's Electronics is out of stock of something I am looking for (or on the rare occasion that something is cheaper here).
It is relatively clean, but I find that the people who work here are incredibly uninformed and do not communicate with one another.
Today, I went in for a replacement phone charger because I had a blonde moment and left it somewhere where I won't be able to retrieve it for a week.
Now, I know that my phone is micro USB, so this shouldn't be challenging, right?
Me: "This one should work, correct?
"  Overenthusiastic Teen Employee: "Umm, I dunno.
It is a different brand and your phone is pretty new.
" *hopeful smile*  She runs off to confer with her other employees, who are lounging haphazardly around the mobile accessories area (must be nice).
She comes back and picks up a car charger.
I shake my head and remind her that I am looking for a wall adapter.
We go though this a couple of times, but eventually, I just go with my gut.
Overenthusiastic Teen Employee: "Oh, those are on sale, two for $29.99.
" *points to sign*  Me: "I only need one.
Then again, I might have another stroke of genius, so maybe I will keep one at work.
" (Yeah, she got me.
)  So, I bop around the store, but don't find anything else that I'm terribly interested in.
I make my way to the register and go through checkout.
Unsurprisingly, the sale did not ring up.
I mention this to the clerk, who radios in the query.
A few minutes go by without response and she asks again.
I know that there are three people standing in mobile accessories, but at this point, I tell her to forget it and just go with the original one I came in for.
This is not the first time I have encountered price discrepancies and lack of communication at this particular location.
I remain unimpressed and will only stop in here if I absolutely need to.

My new favorite toy is my new laptop.
I bought it at Best Buy because they had a good deal on it.
But what I was pleasantly surprised about was the customer service I received back in computers.
Darn if I can't recall his name but the guy who helped me was really...well... helpful.
The store is well taken care of and the service was great.
I know, I know, Fry's might have lower prices at times but every time I go there I don't have a pleasant experience.
I even checked to see what they had prior to Best Buy and found the deal at Best Buy to be better.
Overall very good experience and I will probably shop here again just for the pleasant experience.

We like this Best Buy.
I pretty much only buy CDs here & the occasional DVD.
Last Friday night my hubby stopped in to use a gc he got for Xmas.
Ended up getting some game for his Xbox.
The staff here is very friendly/helpful.
We'll be repeat customers as long as we live in the area.

I came here to findout about a Cable Modem.
The guy working in that department was very knowledgeable on the products that they sold.
He was able to findout our needs and point us in the direction of the best suitable Cable Modem for our needs.

if you get frustrated at fry's electronics down the road, come here!
helpful associates and great sales!

2 stars only for their prices which sometimes you have to suffer through everything else because the price is worth it.
This particular best buy is on their 2nd of 3 strikes for me.
Tried to buy a computer there about 6 months ago, got such poor service and lack of knowledge I bolted while two employees argued about the product I was looking at, went across the street and bought from Frys.
Strike 2 was today trying to shop for kitchen appliances.
Waited 20 minutes while one blue shirt employee and two or three "higher ups" stood in the walkway around the store and watched me look around.
After giving up on being greeted properly, I flagged one of them down who had little to zero knowledge on any of the appliance product and basically read to me off the signs and the computer screen.
No thanks.
Will be buying a tv for the new house soon, that will probably be the strike 3 lol

Got my wife her Galaxy Tab here.
Nice place.
They only sold expensive screen protectors for it and only had 1 brand.
Dumb.
Had to go to Fry's electronic for the screen protector.
Also got my son a video game here for his PS3.
This will now be known as my best buy.

Better service this time!
In and out in less than 30 minutes - the time it took for the Geek Squad to install a new power supply in my PC.
Best Buy charged for the cost of the power supply only.
The installation was free since I had previously purchased a one year service contract.
Having had 3 service visits recently to the Geek Squad, my service contract has definitely paid off!

I worked at a Best Buy throughout my college career, so I know all about what the employees go through with the upsells, accessories, warranties you name it.
Yes they aren't on commission, but not getting berated by your higher ups is commission enough sometimes.
I came in the other night because I was eligible for a phone upgrade this week and wanted to check out some of the accessories for the iPhone I had been keeping an eye on.
I told the guy in the wireless department I was just checking out accessories when he said he could put everything together for me and set it aside for the next day.
He entered my phone number into the computer and it turned out I was eligible to upgrade right away!
I already had a case and screen protector, and it turned out if I bundled it with a car charger it was a considerable savings.
He went through the motions on the warranty sales (including the "buyback" program) and was very upfront that this was merely information that he was required to tell me (which I understood), and I in no way did I feel I was being excessively pressured.
While the whole transaction took nearly an hour (I had signed up for $50 off through an online promotion they had last month), I was happy to wait since I was sure I'd be stuck with my broke down POS android phone for at least another day.
I was very happy with the experience, and would process my phone upgrade through this Best Buy again in a heartbeat.

I would give this place half a star if I had to.
I have never felt so degraded doing business with this best buy.
I spent 1300$ on  mac book febuary 29th, 2012... Not even six months ago.
I took it in  because, my daughter spilled koolaid on the keyboard.
YES!
My fault but, I could still use a USB mouse and keyboard.
(Better than nothing right???
) So, Still useable so I dropped it off on a Thursday to see what they could do...
I picked it up on a friday..
I got my laptop back (Keep in mind that when I dropped it off everything worked on it I was still able to get into my user accounts) and when I got home...
I was stuck in a guest only account!
I couldn't get to any of my info or anything.
No user profiles to be found.
I took it back they said they had corrupted my osx.....
So they "fixed" it and I picked it up... Wifi wasn't working on it!
And it still isn't I do not want to take my macbook back to this place.
On Thursday when I dropped it off the cashier stated her computer was being "retarted" (Which is hurtful and not right to use at all!
) I was appalled.
I have special needs family remember and I don't think any one should use that word when referring to something NOT working....
When we picked my laptop up last night the first man to work on my laptop walked by us at the geek squad podium and gave us the dirtiest look ever.
If looks could kill!!!!!
So, I will not be doing any more business with best buy due to their attitudes in store and online.
No one answers me at corporate and when I call they tell me "Try taking it to a different store (Like I have all the time in the world) Also, I was not aware of what I was signing....
They said it was a paper to check in and out the computer... And apparently I signed a form saying my laptop was in "dirty" condition and Geek Squad CALLED me out over this in a Facebook post.
My keyboard may be sticky from a little toddler in her terrible twos (I am distraught over this!
) But, TRUST me.
My laptop is NOT dirty!!!
Not at all!
Not ever.
I posted pictures of my mac-book on their Facebook wall to show them it is almost in like new condition (Besides the keyboard) I have never dropped this laptop!
They said It was from a dangerous fall my cords were loose and there were scuffs and scratches on it.
There's a little bit of wear and tear on the bottom from being on tables and counters BUT apple products dirty easily.
Theres NO Scratches on the screen NO scratches any where.
NO DENTS especially.
And, they have a the nerve to call a customer a liar....
They just lost a good customer I used to spend 30-60 a week at best buy just for ink for my business and for business odds and ends...
I learned my lesson and I would never treat customers the way they do.
By the way I was "spamming" their facebook page by asking for someone to email me back and please help me before I picked the laptop up (So I didnt go round and round with them).
Im so done with this place.
I am NO liar.
I am just a customer who happens to own a business and my business and schooling are all done over a macbook...
SO it's vital I have mine!
It's not my fault they handed a laptop back to me twice with different issues than I brought it in with.
Corporate does not care either.

I have been going there a lot lately dealing with cell phones.
I am impressed with their knowledge and are willing to give you their expert opinions.
I have gone to Fry's next door to get something and would walk out empty handed and find the same thing I was looking for here.
Don't forget to check out their price guarantee.
My wife was getting the Iphone 5 upgraded from 16 to 32 gb and the price had gone up since she got hers.
She looked on her new phone and found it priced cheaper and they gave her the same price!

I walked up to two sales associates who were talking and asked about a screen cover.
One of them showed me to them and in the middle of talking to me, began helping another customer.
I still wanted to get it installed but upon asking his reply was "I'm busy now.
Take a look at our phone cases.
" There was not even a redirect to someone who could've helped me.
So I left and went to Fry's.

We wanted to buy a 26" flat screen TV to go in a cabinet in our family room.
We went to Wal-Mart and found they had no product that we wanted and no service.
Then we went to Fry's Electronics and again found that they were out of what we were looking for and the clerk was no help.
Normally we buy on-line for the convenience and variety but for a TV you really need to see the image quality.
Imagine our surprise when we went to Best Buy, our third choice for electronics and found ample choices and ready help to make the choice.
Very pleasantly surprised.
Good going Best Buy!

Typical Best Buy.

Being on vacation I needed a cellphone for time traveling in case of emergency and to schedule appointments with friends.
I walked into the store, told an employee what I was looking for and she showed me the different options and also pointed out what would work best for me if I wanted to use it again for future visits.
I ended up buying a cheap phone and they set it up for me and made a check-up call to see if it was working, without trying to push something more expensive or any other purchases.
I was in and out of the store within less than 15 minutes with a working phone and I wish I would get such an attentive and nice service everywhere.

There's a difference between stores with no service, stores with good service, and stores with overbearing service.
Best Buy is one of those stores with overbearing service.
Stop for just a second to look at any piece of merchandise and you will be accosted by an overeager salesperson ready to tell you all about it, show you something similar, or just ask if they can help.
And apparently somehow, they have been immunized to the magic words "I'm just browsing".
As much as I appreciate the offers of help, and compared to some stores where you can't find anyone it's a nice change, Best Buy just overdoes it.
Sorry, but when I say that I'm just browsing for ideas, I don't somebody trying to sell me something or direct me to something that I don't even know if I want.
Best Buy... best leave me alone.

What a horrible service experience!
I went to return/exchange a phone case I bought for my son for Christmas.
The store clerk told me, "We gave people until January 10th to return Christmas purchases and you are too late" When I asked if I could exchange or get store credit for the case I received a curt "NO".
I just finished completing returns at Fry's Electronics down the street with no problem and courteous behavior.
I guess the answer to why Best Buy stock is way down is apparent.
When you alienate a customer over a $15 return it can't be good.
I have already told 5 people personally about this experience and will continue to spread the word.

Very difficult to return defective products here.
We purchased a 32" Samsung TV the previous day.
After assembling it and turning it on we noticed it was defective in the following ways:  the set leaned to the left, making the left side of the TV at a 1/2" higher level off the stand than the other side, the picture flickered in and out, and the picture quality was extremely dark.
The next morning we took the set to the Best Buy (different location than the one we purchased it at) to exchange it.
I had put it on my Best Buy credit card and just wanted an exchange.
We walked in and my fiancee went to the TV section to pick out a new one, and I went to the customer service counter.
The clerk started to do the transaction and asked me if anything was wrong with it?
I said yes and explained the problem.
She proceeded to do the transaction, when Kimberly walked past her and told her she needed to take the TV out of the box and check it out.
She asked the clerk what was wrong, and the clerk told me to tell Kimberly what I had told her.
Within moments, Kimberly summons Richard from home theatre to come up and set up the TV.
My fiancee by now has returned to the front counter to complete the exchange and he is shocked to see that Kimberly had the TV and all of its parts and package information strewn all over the counter, and she is proceeding to start building the TV, even going so far as to screw the TV into the base again.
Meanwhile, Richard comes up and takes over so Kimberly could help a customer.
Richard decides he is not fooling with the base and proceeds to hook up their cable feed to it, and then he starts to auto program all the stations.
AUTO PROGRAM every channel available!
20 minutes has now transpired and we are starting to wonder if we will ever get out of there.
Finally my finally asks them how much longer is this going to be ... (we were on our way to pick up parents from the airport - but did not mention this to them, but we never expected this to become a 45-minute ordeal either).
In the midst of this Kimberly is not wanting to answer any questions from me, such as: what's the reason for this, do you always have to program the channels on an exchange, etc ... and Richard tries his best to stay out of things and do what he is told by saying "I just work in home theatre".
It seems like we were really getting the squeeze until my fiancee said "Look, we'll just return it in on our Best Buy card and buy it from another retailer.
"  It was only at this time that they seemed to want to stop treating us like criminals and start treating us like a consumer.
I'm not sure if it was due to the mention of the Best Buy credit card or due to purchasing a new one somewhere else, but they finally started acting more reasonable towards us.
Richard had already prior to my statement, discovered that the TV was flickering, but he had continued to fiddle with it, while we waited.
By this time, over 35 minutes had passed.
Richard tinkered with the TV some more and FINALLY announces that the TV is defective, it is doing all the things we said it was, and he called it fading in and out.
Richard told the initial clerk it was defective.
Meanwhile Kimberly who is still up there seems to have taken an even bigger attitude now and won't even look at us or answer any questions directed to her, and Richard answers almost all of our questions with "I only work in home theatre".
I told the clerk 'ok, it's done now, issue the exchange' and she had to ask Kimberly if it was okay to do so now.
We left there after a 45 minute ordeal.
I wonder if it's an intimidation factor, so that word gets out that this store is difficult to deal with on returns.
However, they won't have to worry about any returns, because we are going to flood other review places asking people to not purchase at Best Buy anymore, and certainly not at that location.
We had purchased a router, modem and TV all in one week.
We are paying off the Credit Card immediately and will never use it or shop at Best Buy again.

Went to get a new TV on Father's Day.
Expecting a large crowd, I arrived right at opening time.
There was hardly anyone there, but still had to wait forever to get assistance (just to pay) for a TV as I already knew what I wanted.
Tons of staff talking, texting and shuffling merchandise from one place to another, but none could be bothered until I went to the "security" guy that stands at the door as you enter,,,,twice.
Pretty sad overall.

