These guys are great!
I have hired carpet cleaners in the past but the stains always came back.
These guys use soft water and a pH balanced formula for cleaning so that the soap does not stay in your carpet to later clean your shoes off and bring back the stain....I feel so educated using this company.
They have several great guys that have come out to my home and all are very professional and efficient.
I have to say that I have used their website several times to figure out how to properly clean red wine and dog urine.
They have solutions for every spill on that website and I highly recommend checking it out.
www.mycarpetguys.com

I found this company on the internet.
Chose them because we favored the steam process they claimed to use.
They did a FANTASTIC job cleaning our tiles and carpet (in two of our properties)!
Really easy, friendly and professional people to work with!
We HIGHLY recommend their services!
THANK YOU Adam, Shawn and Jeremy!!

I recently just signed a lease for a new rental house and was soooo excited to move in until I saw the condition of the tile and carpet in the house.
The carpets are trashed and need to be replaced and the grout in the tile was almost black from the built up dirt.
In a hurry to get things cleaned to move in, I called Bob with Horizon to help me out.
Bob was able to come out the next day to help me with my speedy move-in.
I was afraid that the tile wasn't going to come clean and that I would have to replace all the grout.
I was scared to go to the house after the floors were cleaned because I was expecting the worst!
Once I walked in the house I was shocked!!
The floors looked brand new!!!
Horizon does an AMAZING job and I couldn't be happier with the quick and quality service that I received when I was in a bind!!
THANK YOU HORIZON!!!
Kristin

Horizon has been my go to carpet cleaning company for more than four years.
I have never been disappointed with them.
They show up when they say they will, and in fact they call before they head out to make sure that the estimated time works out for you.
My first experience was with our Great Dane making a great big potty mess in our front room!
I know this is gross but if you have pets, this is also reality.
I was, to say the least, stressed about the shear size of this disaster!
Horizon Carpet Cleaning to the rescue!
I showed the neatly dressed and very polite young man where the urine stained area was and he got right to work.
Pre-treatment made just for pet stains and a special attachment that he stood on top of and it pulled the pet mess right out of the carpet and padding!
These guys are good!
My next story is short, I promise.
I made the fatal mistake of having another carpet company come over.
Why?
Let's just say it was a smokin deal!
Yep, had to call Horizon within hours of the other company finishing the job because my carpets smelled so bad.
Nightmare on Carpet Street!!!!!!
You get what you pay for my friends and I was reminded of this well-known fact.
We have since moved and just had them back at the new house for a spring cleaning!
These guys can get out a whole mess of different stains.
For example my teenage daughter had gotten some liquid eyeliner on her bedroom carpet.
I  was so impressed that he got it completely out, not to mention he knew what it was!
Deep breath in.........love the smell of clean floors!
Thank you Horizon for doing quality work that has been so consistent over the years!

I have used horizon several times now.
They have been on time, fair priced, and professional every time!
I will always use Horizon!

Very pleased with Horizon and the level of service (and clean carpets) that I received.
The tech was very knowledgeable in the cleaning process and taking care to get it done as best he could, while being courteous.
This is a rental property that we just acquired and not knowing the history, the carpets really came out well.
- One tip I would suggest is just being a little more careful with the hose thru the house as we had just repainted the property and a couple corners need a touch-up, nothing horrible but I noticed it.
We will use Horizon again and for our home this time (thanks to the dogs this will speed up this need!

I recommend Horizon to ALL my clients and friends!
They do an excellent job at very competitive prices.
If I give them an address/information I can rest assured knowing the job has been done and always with a satisfaction guarantee.
Being a Property Manager I have worked with several carpet, grout and upholstery cleaning companies in the past but Horizon is above the rest by far.
Great job guys keep up the good work.

I called Horizon out to my house to clean the first floor carpets.
I originally was only going to do a couple rooms and figured while they were here to have them do a little more.
My carpets look amazing!
They were horribly dirty and not so much from us but from previous renters.
We waited too long to have them done and I was worried that they wouldn't come clean.
Horizon pulled out the big guns on this one and thoroughly cleaned them over and even took out some spots I was worried about.
I am extremely happy with the end result.
My house not only feels clean again but smells so much better also.
I consider myself a very clean person but you never know how dirty your floors are until they are professional clean.
It is going to feel so nice to sit on the floor again and not feel gross.
Brian is the man who came out to our house and he was completely professional, offered tips, and went above and beyond to clean our carpets.
Horizon is also very cost effective.
Thank you Horizon...I will definitely have you come back!

This company is outstanding!!
Responded to my request for a cleaning on short notice and made the carpet look like new!!
Personable and professional.

I would highly recommend Horizon.
Mike was really great.
The carpets look amazing.
He got out the ugly water stains (a true miracle), and also got out other stains that I thought were imprinted forever.
I am so glad they were able to fit me in on the same day I called.
Talk about service ... and at a reasonable price.
Well worth the call.

Have had our carpet for about six years and have had it cleaned by a few other companies - so, so.
We have 3-4 dogs and I told the tech that he should assume that every square inch of the carpet had been peed on.
We also had a few areas that needed special attention (repairs).
The work that was done was excellent and at a very reasonable price.
No problem with smell or the carpet being sticky.
Stains were removed that had been there for years that the other companies were not able to remove.
Without question, we will have them back next time.

It's that time again!
At least 3 times per year, once every 4 months I like to get Horizon out to my residence and business local where I reside pleasantly with 2 large dogs, and 6 felines, indoor/outdoor.
NEEDLESS to say, I clean every day!
I only trust Horizon because the owner is in on the action, makes sure that I am satisfied and he values his employees and customers.
I always have my grout/tile cleaned, my 5 pretty oriental rugs cleaned, and my pretty sofa cleaned when they come.
They are efficient, kind, caring, and sometimes they will even eat my chocolate chip cookies!
That alone is something to be recognized!
Thank you Horizon for taking care of me and making me feel like I matter!
Luana Joya Lucia

Found this company thanks to Yelp.
They are as fantastic as everyone says.
Our carpets were so dirty and stained and previous companies were a waste of money.
They made our carpets look and feel like new.
So pleased and they will be the only company I use or recommend for carpet cleaning.

I hired Horizon to clean my carpets at my home.
They were awesome!
They called before they arrived and were very professional.
My carpets looked like new again and I am very happy..

My carpets look brand new!!
My daughter's tears over spilled gatorade lasted longer than the bright red stain thanks to Horizon!
They were on time, very friendly on the phone and when they showed up, quick and the job was very well done.
We'll be calling regularly.

Horizon is the second company that has cleaned my carpet/tile.
They did a great job and arrived right when I had asked them to.
The other company I used was one of the higher rated ones in the area (according to Yelp) and I feel that Horizon did a much better job.
Horizon was also in and out of my house a lot faster than the other company.
Since I've had limited experience with carpet cleaning companies, I originally planned on trying a new one each time so I could get a feel for what was good and what wasn't.
After using Horizon, I don't feel the need to try anyone else.
I'm going to stick with them.
Also, their truck looked a lot nicer.

I have been doing business with Bob for over 13 years.
I remember when the owner would show up and do the work.
These guys are great because they do not play games with Pre-treatment upcharges.
On my last job I needed to change my scheduled cleaning from Saturday morning to Friday, they fit me into their schedule so my buyers would not be moving in when the carpets were being cleaned.
I HIGHLY recommend them.

I have lived in my house for 3 years and haven't had the carpets cleaned once.
They really need to be replaced but with a new baby on the way, my husband and I decided to go the more cost effective route by having our carpets cleaned.
After reading the reviews on Yelp for Horizon Carpet Cleaning, I decided to give them a try.
I paid $150 to have 3 rooms pre-treated and steam cleaned and also had an area rug cleaned.
The technician that came over called me when he was on his way so I knew when to expect him.
I didn't catch his name, but he was friendly and did a really good job at cleaning our carpets.
I honesty didn't think it was possible for our carpets to look as good as they did since we hadn't cleaned them in 3 years.
I will definitely use Horizon again and will recommend them to others.
It's so hard these days to find an honest and reputable company that does what they say they're going to do.
Thanks for exceeding my expectations, Horizon.
I'm looking forward to using you again in the future!

I just moved into a new house, and did not realize until one day during mid-day with the blinds open just how unevenly dirty the carpet was, so the first thing I did was call Adam at Horizon.
He was very accomodating in getting me an appointment that fit into my hectic moving shcedule.
He also emailed me a detailed invoice so I knew exactly what to expect, I greatly appreciate having that in writing.
My appointment was today, and Greg came out right on time, even called me before coming out to let know when I could expect him (luckily so, as I had completely passed out on the sofa).
Speaking of the sofa, he did a great job cleaning it, as well as an upholstered arm chair.
In addition to my furniture Greg cleaned 4 rooms of carpet, which also looked awesome.
He was very detailed and my house smells so fresh and so clean, clean :)

I tried Horizon based on all the great reviews they have.
My carpets were in pretty bad shape with 2 dogs & 2 kids.
I was amazed as I watched the dirt get sucked right out.
By the time they were done my carpets looked better than I ever remember them looking before.
You gotta try this company.
They're the best & I will call them again when I need my carpets cleaned again.

Thank you Horizon for helping me when I was in need!!
You guys are absolutely wonderful and knowledgeable when it comes to your trade!!
Thank you again!

I found Horizon Carpet cleaning on to fix it, and they did a great job.
The sales rep Robert was great to work with, and I will definitely be back.
The prices are great.

I just moved to AZ.
from Southern CA.
and my employer asked me to locate a carpet cleaning company because we were having an Open House.
I looked on YELP and decided, based on all of the good reviews to go with Horizon.
When I called, I was warmly greeted and was able to get an appt for right away.
I am very impressed with the communication and work that was completed.
Very nice job.
Thank you Horizon!
Our Open House was a great success.

I called Bob with a "I need it done yesterday" job on a rental condo.
He responded quickly, set an appointment for the next morning and was in and out when he said he would.
It was a job well done and I would and will use him again.

I own a property management firm and called Bob concerning one of our properties that had wood flooring that had extremely ground in dirt.
Horizon Carpets did an excellent job removing it, the floors look wonderful!
I HIghly recommend Horizon carpets.

We have a new, now 18 month old,  puppywith potty training issues.
So I was so happy to read the glowing reviews of Horizon carpet cleaning from yelpers who have had the same problems.
Even more excited after talking with the owner Bob who assured me they had seen it and done it all before; specialized in this: and could take care of our stained carpet.
My wire and I spent most of the day before moving stuff out of the way and getting ready for their crew to arrive.
One guy showed up at 10 am for the 9 - 9.30 appointment; took  and said they don't do old, tough pet stains.
(Please read the reviews below that say just the opposite about they do.
)   The tech said the owner was supposed to come along, but didn't, so he took a picture of the carpet and I guess talked with the owner Bob, then came back in and said he didn't think he could do the job Bob promised and said Bob would call us back in a few minutes.
Bob never did.

I own an auto repair shop so my carpets can get quite dirty from month to month.
I have used other cleaners but within a week my carpets would be dirty again.
Bob told me he could fix my problem.
Fix my problem he did.
I don't know what kind of magic they put on my carpet but they stay clean from month to month.
Not to mention that Bob and his crew do what they say when they say it will be done.
Excellent service and I highly recommend them to anyone.
Thank you Bob!

We've been using Horizon Carpet for close to 10 years on recommendation from another carpet cleaning company in central Phoenix.
They are always available to with a fairly short notice, Bob is fantastic and every technician has been capable and polite.
Our carpets come up beautifully every time, we've also used them to steam clean tile floors and grout and were thrilled with the results.
They are an absolutely professional outfit, top notch for customer service and as Realtors they always come highly recommended to our clients as well.
While they aren't the cheapest out there, you get what you pay for, and we've never been nickle and dimed and always felt the quality of their clean was well worth the extra buck.
Highly recommended!

These guys are great!
Just had them out yesterday to clean my tile and couches, they both look AMAZING!
Great price and they showed up on time.
I would highly recommend them!

