I've only been to Rolf's once.
Never again.
I had my color done previously at Vidal Sassoon.
Instead of going back and paying more, I decided to go to Rolf's.
Afterall it was only a few miles from my house and about $30 cheaper.
What a HUGE mistake.
My color still looked pretty good when I went in.
It was red with blonde highlights.
As people with dyed red hair know, it fades quickly.
Even though my hair still looked "ok" it definitely was fading, especially the bottom half.
Here's the problem.
My stylist only colored the top half of my hair and left the bottom completely untouched.
I was totally confused.
Was I paying for JUST a touch up?
Should I ask her WHY she's doing this?
Am I going to have to pay extra if I ask her to do the bottom half?
Why didn't she do the bottom half?
WTF is going on?
I went home and looked at it in the mirror and knew something was wrong.
I had to leave town for the weekend and when I came back I called the salon.
They weren't very helpful but said I could come in and she'd take a look at it.
I never went back, I guess I should have because after a month it looked like total crap because it faded all weird.
I was just really annoyed with the whole process and didn't feel like dealing with it anymore.
I found another stylist who informed me that Rolf's hires many of their stylists straight out of beauty school.
She's been in the business 20 years.
I trust her knowledge.
I refuse to pay tons of money for inexperienced stylists under the guise of being a high end, shi shi, froufrou salon.
No thanks!

I have been getting my hair done at Rolf's forever!
I used to go to the Scottsdale location until this location opened.
My stylist Randi cannot be beat.
The place is relaxing and pampering.
They offer complementary refreshments (water, tea, soda, wine and small snacks).
When I do spend the money to have my hair done I want to have the whole experience.
I always leave here very relaxed.
This is a grownup salon and not a "bargain bring your screaming kids" spot.
Just the way I like it!
Spoil me baby!
In response to the previous review.
The stylist are not inexperienced.
They actually have a serious training system that consists of many levels.
They have a 1-2 year formalized, paid apprenticeship and continuous training after that.

Poorly run salon.
They have a high turnover of employees between management and stylists.
I only gave it one star because there was not an option for no stars.

Well,  I really like my color, but I'm not sure if I like the color at my roots or the color on the ends.
I won't be going back.
First of all, when I go to a pricier hair salon I don't want my hair person to be doing other people's hair in between unless it's a quick guy's cut while my hair color is lifting.
I actually called a month before and left a message to set an appointment and they never called me back.
Bad business, should have been a sign.
The girl I saw was really nice and a pleasure to chit chat with.
MIght be more fun over coffee instead of my head.
I told her I hate, hate, hate red and when I got home the first thing my dad said is, "It's red.
"  ARRRGGGHHHH I had a coupon, so I said yes to the blow dry.
The blow dry was 28 bucks and she did a half-ass job.
It was the worst style I ever had.
Had I known I could have used my coupon for product too I would have used it for that instead of wasting it on a crappy blow dry.
It's not the worst color, and luckily some of the brassiness will tone down after a few washes, but I still won't be going back.
I'm so glad I didn't let her cut my hair.
I got my hair cut at Focal Point Salon near Desert Ridge and it was the best haircut EVER and I am a pain in the butt when it comes to haircuts.
I will be getting my color there next time and looking forward to it.
I do not recommend this salon if you do a full color and expect it to be the same from root to end.

Had my hair cut and highlighted.
Was very nervous due to other reviews.
Ended up costing $130 (which is typical.
)  Fortunately it turned out great.
Elle did my hair and I'm delighted with it.
Will definitely be back.

I got a complimentary haircut and style through a fundraiser for Ralf's.
and I had never been to there before so I didn't know what to expect.
It was a great atmosphere and relaxing.
Randi was my stylist- she is very nice and I love my hair cut!
The only thing that I was not a fan of was the front desk checkout lady- she was SO loud!
While waiting for Randi, I heard everyone's checkout prices along with how much they are tipping... and I was sitting at the opposite end of the waiting area- I thought that was rude.
Randi rocks though!

I recently moved to AZ and needed a new place to get my hair done.
I drove by Rolf's and decided to give them a try since it was in a nicer part of town and looked very clean.
Sloane cut my hair and let me tell you she is fantastic!
She really knows what she's doing and made me feel so comfortable.
I'm super picky about my hair and everytime she cuts or colors my hair I leave happy and very satisfied.
I do agree with previous comments about the front staff, the girls are nice but the girls that call to confirm appts or make appointments don't necessarily have the greatest communication skills but it doesn't bother me since they aren't the ones doing my hair.

I was in town for a week and had a bit of a hair "issue"...freaked out a lil, did some searching on Yelp...found Rolf's...called and they got me in right away.
Brittney was GREAT!
Super sweet and new exactly what to do.
I was impressed and very thankful.
I would recommend her 100%!

Britney at Rolf's is FABULOUS!!
She does an amazing job with short hair!!
She happily "fixed" and evened out a bad cut I had gotten at another salon.
She was super friendly, understanding & very helpful with tips on styling also!
Britney saved the day for me!!
I can't say enough great things about her!!
She has won me over completely and is now my stylist!!
Go to Rolf's & see Britney - she definitely knows her stuff!!
I can't wait til my next appointment!

