Good luck trying to get a quote from them!
Their work LOOKS great but someone came to my house almost 2 months ago, I called them 3 weeks ago to see where my quote was, was promised by the end of the week and never got anything.
It's nice to not need the business.

Your are lucky you haven't used them.
They do not care about your needs once they receive the check.
Their work is shoddy even their own men have said how poor the install was and their plant material is poor.
They are to busy at mass producing sales and when you need to speak to them you have to fight.
Find a company whom cares and has pride,  Gothic's only concern is the bottom line and not how your project turns out EVER!!!!!!!

Had electrician review electric by Gothic.
Did not even install bubble for outside plug to protect circuitry when raining.
Gothic did not connect wiring through metal pole for outside connections.
Gothic did not use a water resistant box for outside electrical work.
The  person whom told writer indicated cost of items was  only a few dollars but rather than provide what customer needed  and necessary  they made sure to keep their margins intact.
If you don't know anything about electrical work  make sure you have someone troubleshoot for you.
Otherwise they will take advantage.

Anyone looking to have their yard landscaped by this company WATCH OUT!!!
This place is horrible to deal with and has NO communication skills!!
My job was pushed back for weeks and nothing was communicated to me.
On top of that I am now having to report them to my bank as fraud since they have yet to return the upfront money I gave them.
Horrible horrible experience all the way around!
I wouldn't even give them 1 star but that is the lowest it would allow me to select.
I just hope my bank is able to get the money back soon from these rat b@stards!

I cannot believe that these people actually get business for their crappy service and attitude.
After getting our new home built, we had a leak from our water line for our landscaping.
After going through our builders owners entry, they finally scheduled to come out to our house.
By the time they came, we already had our backyard done by another company, so Gothic landscaping blames them for it.
My wife calls to follow up when they're going to fix the water leak - and Katie (sp?
) proceeds to call my wife a liar and that it was the other company's fault.
She then proceeds to say that "we 're going to fix it anyway" then hangs up.
To say this company's customer service gives poor gives it a whole new meaning.
Once you find out that your builder used this company for your landscaping and you need service - don't even waste your time.
You'll just give yourself an unnecessary headache.

