I've tried the pizza in the past and it was to be honest, nothing to write home about.
I try not to judge restaurants on the first go around though so on my lunch break today, I decided to give it another try.
They have a few different lunch specials, but their pasta lunch specials include the choice of pasta, a side salad and a drink (iced tea, coffee or an organic soda).
I opted for the Eggplant Parmigiana with a Caesar salad and OMG, it was delicious!!
I would consider myself a connoisseur of eggplant/chicken parmigiana, very picky to say the least and their version more then exceeded my expectations.
It takes a bit longer for the dish to come out of the kitchen as they bake each serving under the broiler to get the cheese all hot and bubbly, but it's well worth the wait.
With Italian food it's so easy to overeat but Picazzo's has done a great job with portioning- enough to satisfy, but not enough to fill you with regret later on...   For a drink I ordered the Lemonade Cooler, which is a concoction of Rain (organic) Vodka, Chambord and lemonade.
Yummmmm!
It was strong enough to wash away the stress of my busy morning at work, but not enough to prevent me from kicking butt when I got back to the office.
As my lunch special came with a drink and I didn't have time to have a post-meal cup of coffee, the waitress offered to give me an iced coffee in a to-go cup.
The coffee comes pre-sweetened (with natural, organic sweetener I believe...), but the waitress was thoughtful enough to bring over the sugar packets and a bit of creamer.
With a splash of creamer and a quick stir, I left Picazzo's feeling satisfied, happy and ready to conquer the rest of my day.

Been going here for years, and visited again recently and it was as good as ever!
Their lunch specials (salad & pizza) are delicious, well-portioned, high-quality and very fairly priced.

So it's hard enough to go out and have a gluten free meal disregarding the fact if it is good or not, but OMG my gluten free dinner was delicious!
Going into the restaurant I had heard that picazzos was gluten free but I was so impressed with the  waitress' knowledge and understanding of my intolerance.
Every single one of the salads was gluten free and many of the pastas and pizzas were as well.
I love when restaurants use fresh delicious ingredients and boy, picazzos does not skimp on the good stuff!
We ordered a blue cheese salad (yummy!
) and I ordered myself a margarita pizza with gluten free crust- my parents ordered another pepperoni, sausage and ricotta pizza expecting that mine would be less than average.
The pizza was delish, not ehh it's gluten free delicious, it was by golly if this pizza was served- without being told it was gluten free- I would be immensely impressed.
My parents even enjoyed it!
I did not check if they have gluten free deserts because I was so stuffed from the great pizza and salad!
They also sell gluten free pizza dough for five dollars (and for a gluten free eater it's a steal!
) when they are not crowded.
Although it's a tad gooey and hard to work with, it makes the most delicious home baked pizza ever, I repeat EVER.
I force my mother to buy some whenever she is nearby.
Also on a side note, I am such a iced tea snob and their iced tea was auhhhmazzinggg!!
Overall a fantastic dinner!
I will be back very soon!

Had a delicious pizza here with my husband tonight....tried a half and half of BBQ chicken and vegetarian on a whole grain thick base.
We really enjoyed it.
We were also happy to find out that they are now an organic restaurant.
We thought they were a new restaurant as we had never been there before but apparently they have been at this location for quite a few years now and just changed their name and ingredients.
Their salads and pastas also look very tasty and for a decent price.
We will definitely be back.

What happened to this place?
We used to go here quite frequently and could order scrumptious pizzas of all kinds .
then they became "organic" and quite frankly, the pizza left a lot to be desired.
I'm all for "organic" and healthy, but then I still expected the same taste and quality and I was seriously disappointed.
We ordered the meat-meat-meat pizza and it was tasteless, with very little sauce, hardly any cheese.
I guess when I'm in the mood for pizza, I'll have to trek all the way down to the Borgata to get me some Pomo.

Very tasty dishes of very healthy fare.
So nice to find healthy food in a restaurant setting.
Many tasty options for gluten free, organic, whole grain, etc.
The pizzas were a bit pricey...but what do you expect.
I had the chicken-chorizo pasta and it was priced right at $10 and had some unique ingredients.
Love it!
We were here late on a Sunday night...plenty of seating available, chill atmosphere, plenty of parking.
Great place.
I wish we had these in SoCal.

It was our first time there and have to admit that we were a little apprehensive about everything being described as "organic" and gourmet in the same sentence, but we were presently surprised.
My husband and I each only ordered a slice of pizza - pepperoni and a spicy Italian.
The crusts were crispy, not soggy.
They could have used a bit more sauce and cheese, but most "gourmet" pizza aren't served that way.
We are looking forward to going back and trying their pasta.

I'm rarely surprised anymore when going out to eat but Picazzo's was one of them.
We had two greek salads and were shocked when we saw the portion size as it was piled high on the plate.
Even more shocking was the conspicuous presence of all the little goodies....plenty of olives, tomatoes, and brimming with feta.
I spent the extra buck or two, opting for chicken.
Not a few pieces but practically an entire chicken breast.
I'm rarely satiated after eating salad for lunch but this was one of the few exceptions.
Everything about this place was good if not great.
Friendly host, waiter, good food and plenty of it, and low prices.
One of our faves.

aaaaaaaaaaack!
I just stopped by here for a slice and salad combo.
I hadnt been in for a couple years, and man things have changed.
first up was the salad.
I was so psyched on life when I saw how huge it was!
One bite and I quickly knew I wouldnt be eating much more.
I got the ceasar salad and the dressing tasted "off", the salad itself was pretty warm.
Not a welcoming salad at all.
Then came the pizza.
The pizza here used to be really good.
Not so much anymore.
It was all dried out and crusty.
I tossed my lunch and am thankful I had an apple squirrled away in the fridge.
$8 down the drain.

Went there for Lunch today with some BeachBody coaches.
My wife Deborah is avoiding Gluten, so it's a great place to have a good salad and gluten free slice.
It's my free meal from P90X.
Get the Gluten free extra crispy.

LOVE LOVE this place because they cater to poor stomachs like me, with Gluten-Free needs!!
On top of that, the gluten free crust and pasta they offer is exceptional!
Always great service, each and every time :)

Went with the family on a Saturday night.
Casual enough for the kids.
I had lasagne.
Food was tasty, but all the portions were very small, especially the kids servings.
Not great for the money.
I prefer Nick's.

Love the number of gluten free selections, but not much else.
The two stars are solely for that.
We ordered take out, and the pasta and app choices left a lot to be desired.
Pizza was good, but not for the price.
The whole meal was expensive and most ended up in the trash.
We won't be back.
There are better gluten free options out there, and for the money we can choose from most all of them.

I had lunch here a week ago and am in love.
I had the gluten free pizza and wedge salad.
I now know that I prefer a wedge without bacon, but it still hit the spot.
The gluten free pizza had potato slices and bacon on it and it was amazing.
The crust was pretty good considering it was deprived of gluteney deliciousness.
I would definitely order it again and can't wait to go back.

As a newbie to the Gluten-free lifestyle and one who loves to dine out, I was really excited to find Picazzos.
First off, their menu is filled with all of my favorite Italian specialties, with about 90% of them gluten-free.
We took the whole family for a Sunday lunch.
I had the Spaghetti/Chicken Picatta lunch special with a ceaser side salad, all GF.
The pasta was light and flavorful with big pieces of white meat chicken and tons of yummy capers.
The salad was just ok.
I'm kind of a ceaser snob so that actually why they only got 4 stars.
My husband had a pear and Gorgonzola salad along with a slice of pepperoni pizza.
The vinaigrette on the salad was really good and he said the pizza crust was excellent.
His meal was not GF.
The kids split GF spaghetti and meatballs and a cheese pizza.
They both devoured the pizza and meatball, but the spaghetti was a little tougher to sell.
The pasta is Quinoa which has a different texture than regular spaghetti.
But the flavor was still great with the sauce on it.
We didn't stay for desert but looked at the menu and every selection is GF.
We will definitely return to try some of the more GF options.
For all of you hungry Celiac's out there, Picazzos does it right!

Made a take out order.
Showed up and girls at the front were very giggly with each other and not very helpful.. seemed way to young for their job..
I guess the computers were down but instead of telling me what they were doing, they just giggled and ran around the restaurant with my credit card... other than that, the pizza was good.. over priced but good..

I'm suprised by the negative reviews of this place.
I'm a first-timer, so I can't compare it to the restaurant of old, but I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch.
I had the combo consisting of an organic ceasar salad and a slice of the spinach and mushroom pizza.
Both were amazing!
I'm not a fan of ice cold lettuce in my salads.
The temperature of the salad was perfect.
The dressing had a nice flavor and wasn't over done.
The pizza was delicious, left me wanting another slice.
I also enjoyed my organic pomegranate limeade.
Though it was poured from a can, I'd never seen this beverage option before.
Tasty!
I really appreciated the attentiveness of the server.
She was super friendly and even offered me reading material, as I was dining alone.
I'm definitely a fan of Picazzo's.
Repeat.

I have been going to this place for years and love it, love it, love it!!
The food is healthy, organic, natural and even gluten free.
They are always great to my grandkids and the kids love the food as much as the adults.

Absolutely amazing food!!
The gluten free pizza is the best that I have ever had!
They have gluten free pizza by the slice which is something that I have never seen.
GF garlic flat bread and chipotle elbow pasta are also amazing.
If you are ever in the area make sure that you come by and eat here.

Friendly staff, great (and healthy) food, reasonable prices, specially for organic and glue free foods!
The only knock is that portions are on the small size, we have a teenage boy and he was left hungry...

Great place if you have a dining partner who needs gluten-free, but other than that, it's just o.k.
Nice atmosphere, good baked wings, decent beer selection.
Traditional pizza is nothing to write home about.
Everything is a bit overpriced.
We just go here when we happen to be in Scottsdale and don't want to wait in a long line at Oregano's or drive back home to eat at Babbo.
Agree with some of the other comments that the food and menu seems to have lost a step in the past 2-3 years, but I can't quite put my finger on it.

I like this place quite a bit.
Noticed a video review about the Gluten free.
http://deborahapeters.com  Glad it's working for them.
we get the gluten free extra crispy gives it good texture when looking for a gluten free pie.

Picazzo's is one of my favorite pizza spots for years.
Recently, I decide to order healthy and went for one of their salads...the spicy Southwestern Chicken.
It was excellent, but when in Rome.
Yeah....stick with the pizza.
These guys make 5-6 killer pizzas depending on what you are hungry for.
The ingredients are organic and they offer a gluten-free crust.

We've had take out from Picazzo's quite a bit lately and it has been great every time.
Appetizers: The artichoke bottoms filled with spinach and artichoke dip are delicious, they are no longer on the menu but so far they have made them for us upon request.
The roasted garlic and brie are my favorite, two heads of roasted garlic and a big warm wedge of brie with some sliced pear - awesome stuff.
Mama's meat-za balls, tender with great flavor and a nice tomato sauce.
You can't go wrong with any of these apps but I do recommend asking for extra bread.
Dinner: The carbonara ravioli are wonderful, Uncle Louie's pasta is delicious - the sausage is broken up in the sauce and the pepper and onion really make the dish.
I have had their brown rice pasta several times and it has never been mushy.
The portions are generous and the food is consistently good.

The prices have gone up a little bit over the last few months.
The Brie & Garlic appetizer is awesome runs about $11.00 high for an app.
The half salads are no longer overflowing like they used to me.
They no longer serve the salads with flat bread.
I had the Kale salad with almonds and cranberries, was a little on the bitter side, but edible.
We ordered a medium veggie gluten free pizza which jumped to $20.00 way higher than before.
Food was good, service was great.
Prices a bit high for the economy.

Certainly a decent option if you are looking for a healthy alternative to all the fast food places nearby.
Pizza was good, not great.
Salads were a bit underwhelming.
The descriptions on the menu are better than the actual item.
Space is nice enough, better for lunch than dinner.

Atmosphere was funky.
We went last week, with two gift certificates from Sunflower Markets.
When our server finally came with extra sighs and huffs of over-work blithering.
Before greating us looked at the gift certificates sitting on the table and said 'you can't use those both here'--it's the rules of the owners.
So I asked are we allowed to split checks at a table--'no'.
We can't really comment on the food...the staffer was so rude about it, that we actually walked out.
(We have tried the location at PV Mall...we had a great experience with the atmosphere and server...food was okay: salad-good, GF pizza-below average.

I had the wedge salad that was very good.
My husband had pasta, I dont remember which one.. he said was just ok.  Next time we need to try the pizza.
The service was good.

I was so glad that my friend suggested that we went there, as she stated she saw a g-free sign.
We went for an early dinner, my friend not knowing what gluten is and how it affects one who has celiac if they don't eat g-free.
Our waitress Denise was super helpful and took her time, to explain to my friend and also give recommendations on what to eat since my friend and I had never been.
I ordered the shrimp scampi, a few too many capers but still delish and my friend order one of the pizzas that wasn't g-free.
Overall this place awe-amazing!
We also ordered the apple crisp dessert with vanilla ice cream, yum!
We ate dinner and dessert for under $40 that's pretty amazing considering it was g-free too.
It's hard to find good tasting food in Northern Cali that is g-free and not pricey.
If you're in town or a Scottsdale resident it a must to visit, request Denise too :)

I was a regular for a few years.
No longer.
Take-out is pretty good and the bartenders do a good job.
Pizza and salads are really good (other items not so), when they get the order right, but Dine-in usually is a mess.
My wife complained by email to he restaurant about bad and rude service as well as an improperly prepared meal that the server argued about.
The response she received from the manager basically said that the server was right to be rude as my wife was obviously only looking for a free meal.
Not likely to complain by email when looking for a freebie!
After perhaps 30 visits it's not likely that the complaint was without merit.
Like many good places, Picazzo's has gone way down hill.

We were looking for a good gluten free restaurant for my wife, who is gluten intolerant.
We had a Gorgonzola pear salad, huge portion, and very fresh.
The gluten free pizza was as good as a regular pizza.
Fabulous crust, fresh ingredients, and good service.
I think we will be back before our vacation is over.

We went to this place for their advertised happy hour, which was stated on the internet as well as a banner out front that it was 4-7pm.
We got there at 6:10pm, sat in the bar.
The waitress walked right past our table, no greeting.
The bartender, no greeting.
After sitting there 15 minutes the bartender came by, again no real greeting.
Handed us menus.
I verified happy hour and he stated 'no that ends at 6'.
I told him about the sign, he shrugged it off and just said 'no, it ends at 6'.
Seriously?
I would never spend my money at a place that doesn't greet you and does not address their false advertising.
Amazing this place stays in business!

Nice and rare to find a pizza place that's all organic, not to mention the gluten free options!
Split the shrimp and pepper pizza and the honey smoked salmon with a friend, they were both really good and we took quite a bit home.
Save room for the apple cobbler, it is melt in your mouth and totally worth it.

I stopped in for lunch after hearing several good things about Picazzo's.
I was impressed with the decor, it was nothing like I had imagined.
It was cute and welcoming.
I ordered the salad/pasta lunch special and paid the extra buck for a specialty salad.
I went with the chopped italian and it was really good.
Perfect amount of dressing and all the things you expect on a chopped salad.
I paired it with the spaghetti and chicken picatta which was ok.
I didn't really taste any picatta flavor, and it was drenched in oil.
I actually ended up with some oil on my shirt, which NEVER comes out for me.
All in all it was a good portion of food and it came with a drink and was a pretty good value.
I will have to return to try the pizza and other pasta options, but they definitely sold me on the chopped salad!

Unfortunately I'm still here - couldn't wait to write this review.
Bad service , bad food , small portions of over priced bad food.
In fact my wife's  dish and my dish were so small that combined they would be a smaller lunch entre at most restaurants.
Cafeteria style salad ,  cafeteria scent in the air as you come into this pathetic establishment.
Ordered lemonade - got crystal light .
If I could give it no stars I would ..

The food isn't as good as it use to be and neither is the service.
I go there since they have a gluten-free menu, but I have been disappointed the last few times I went there.
The bartender has no personality whatsoever.
She only seems to be nice to the people she knows.

My mom took me here for lunch a couple of weeks ago.
I like how their menu is set-up for lunch.
You can choose pizza or pasta, then a salad and your drink for a standard price.
There are upgrade items available.
I stuck with the basics at the bill was 10.95 plus tax and tip.
For my entree I choose the curry chicken, mixed green salad and green tea.
The food was excellent.
I choose the balsamic dressing, which was way too thick for my taste, but it had good flavor.
I also enjoyed the tea.
My only complaint is the service was friendly, but slow.
It seemed to take forever to take our order and to get our food.

Absolute horrible service and customer care.
Who doesn't let a person know their food is ready for a to go order?
This place.
Then the manager has the nerve to tell me its my fault?
Are you kidding me?
I'm.glad I don't live here but if I did I'd never come back.
Got a refund which the manager tried to argue about not refunding my check for non-existent food.
So I haven't had the food.
It looked mediocre at best.

We have been steady customers of Picazzo's since my last review and the menu has gone though a couple of changes but the quality remains the same!
I have been sampling their GF pizzas, the California, Sweet and Sassy and the Fig Gorgonzola - all excellent (better in the restaurant than take out but delicious either way).
They put the artichoke bottoms back on the appetizer menu and I love those though I think you need to have your own stash of corn chips for the dip.
The stuffed peppers are really good too.
Cesar salad full size is huge with a very creamy and substantial dressing, the chicken on top (if you order it) is like a deli thin sliced chicken, delicious but unexpected - my husband thought he was getting a grilled chicken breast.
I tried the chopped kale salad tonight, it was perfectly dressed with a very light oil/vinegar/lemon dressing - fabulous!!
If you're looking for healthy, creative salads, and GF options, Picazzo's is your place.

Our family visits Scottsdale at least once a year for a week's vacation and traditionally Picazzo's is our first night in town dinner, no longer we will replace it with Carrabba's (review to follow).
On prior visits we saw the gluten free options for pasta and pizza on the menu and never really noticed as we do not order gluten free.
On our visit on 12/26/12 we were surprised to see the entire menu now gluten free, and flavor free as well from the dish I had.
I commented to the waiter that I was skeptical about the flavor of quinoa pasta and turkey bolognese but he said it was delicious and I wouldn't notice the difference.
I ordered Uncle Louie's favorite (penne I think with sausage and turkey bolognese) with an open mind only to discover my initial instinct was correct.
The pasta had poor texture and the sauce had no depth of flavor because of the turkey meat instead of beef--I guess beef fat flavor is noticable, who'd a guessed other than chefs for decades.
Given that I was skeptical I thought our server would come by and ask, "how do you like it..." or something similar.
Nope, no pass by, no question as to how it was.
I think the whole organic, gluten-free dining has jumped the shark and become the domain of the pretentious Whole-Foods crowd and has become exemplified at Picazzo's.
There are certainly many options for pizza and Italian in Scottsdale and in this neighborhood to make it easy to not go to Picazzo's.
Understanding some like this sort of thing, not me.

I have visited this location of Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen on several occasions.
While I used to enjoy certain appetizers (such as the Italian chicken wings), all dishes are not organic (and gluten free).
The food has always been rather good, and the lunch specials are great!
My friend and I both got the lunch specials today.
For a low price, you get an entree (pasta or slice of pizza), a salad, and a drink.
A few other perks include happy hour discounts and the rewards program (spend so much and then get money off the next purchase).
There are rarely waits at Picazzo's, and the service has always been good.
They also serve dessert and have a full bar.

I'm not much one for gluten-free or organic food, but I was in the mood for Italian and I stumbled across Picazzo's.
Took a seat at the bar and ordered half a wedge salad and the spicy Thai peanut chicken pasta.
Service was somewhat slow, but the beer was cold and that helped.
The salad came, and it was enormous!
Enough for two.
The pasta was excellent.
Just enough heat and really tasty.

Healthnut salad... delish!
Hot chipolte wings... delish!
cucumber breeze or something like that drink... delish!
good happy hour...
I forget the hours now...  check the website.
spinach artchoke dip... ehhh... didn't care for it.
Pizza... not bad.
Love the wings... love the health nut salad...  drinks.. yummy too.
Gluten free options... with pasta!
I've had that too...
Some sort of spicy chicken pasta...  all organic, can work gluten free...  pretty good...we will go back many times.

Great gluten free options ..
Some favorites are pear Gorgonzola salad and create your own gluten free pizza, or lasagna

Gluten free - my favorite restauant in Scottsale, AZ.
Always have great food and it's all gluten free!
Staff are friendly enough arnd do make sure that the order is correct and if not they do it right (only happened once) and I go there very frequently.The food is TASTY!
I always hit that place up when I visit AZ.

The Better Half loves coming to this restaurant and drags me along.
Some items we've had here:  Classic Stuffed Peppers w/Spicy Pork Sausage (Anaheim Peppers, Mozzarella, Organic Tomato Sauce, Gluten-Free Flatbread), $9.50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/picazzos-organic-italian-kitchen-scottsdale?select=nv5F34QSPe1bAcqUk6NLiA#nv5F34QSPe1bAcqUk6NLiA  Wild Mushroom Rotelli (Porcini, Portobello, Green Peas, Broccoli, Organic Cream), $13.25 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/picazzos-organic-italian-kitchen-scottsdale?select=1k7X9zfCcyZHlzF0VPtBig#1k7X9zfCcyZHlzF0VPtBig  Meaty Meaty Pizza (Organic Tomato Sauce, Salami, Pepperoni, Canadian Bacon, Italian Pork Sausage, Mozzarella), $18.50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/picazzos-organic-italian-kitchen-scottsdale?select=TY8dVugeogNzs3jNxV0Pfg#TY8dVugeogNzs3jNxV0Pfg  Although she's not allergic to Gluten, she enjoys the Gluten Free Pizza here....which I think is bland and lacks taste....
The Stuffed Peppers is awesome, but the Gluten Free Flatbread is crumbly and flavorless....damn, 1/2 this dish is great.
The Wild Mushroom Rotelli is very good.
The Pizza is bland....again, the gluten free Crust is what kills it for me....and I'm a big Pizza Freak, so it's hard for me to type that.
The service here is very good and as long as TBH is happy, I'm happy.
Return Factor - 50%

Really disappointed... Used to go here once a week for lunch.
Pizza was soggy the chipotle pasta use to be my favorite they changed it from rigatoni to elbow pasta and totally changed the sauce.
It is no longer cheesy and creamy.
It had little to no flavor.
The only reason I gave it 2 stars bc the Italian chopped salad was good even though less toppings then in the past

This place rocks!
Love it!!

I've been to this Picazzo's many many times.
They have my favorite pizza which is the Puttanesca.
I also love their Berry-Licious salad & the pear gorgonzola salad.
I have noticed that the salads keep getting smaller & smaller & the prices keep going up & up.
Don't like that.
I like the gluten-free options & that most of the food is organic.
They have one of the best red sauces I've ever tasted.
Wish I could figure out how to make it.
Some times the service is great & sometimes not.
One lady in particular has worked there for years & she's not so great.
Overall, when I first started going here when the were opened, I would have given them a 5 start rating, now it's down to a 4-start & that might just be because I'm halfway loyal to them.
Maybe I need to give them a 3 start rating.

We recently have gone to picazzos and have eaten there many times.
we purchase the salads and occasionally the pizza  and a appetizer.
This time around we ordered wings, pasta and a few pizzas.
we were so very much displeased in the meal as we had to throw it out when we boxed it up after not taking a bite of it.
It looked like somebody threw up on the plate and served it to you.
I assure you, if you can open up a can of spaghetti o's than you would be better off.
The wings were terrible and no sauce, luke warm and the meatballs are frozen and not fresh with moldy hard cheese.
The thai chicken pizza was a joke and for 30 bucks for something you can get for 15 somewhere else, its just a disappointment.
I told the manager and he blew me off and told me to send in pictures of the meal that I was not happy about.
who takes pictures of their food after ordering it and not liking it.
I somehow knew he would ask me for that and sent them to him, totally busted right.
well he came back and told me pretty much tough luck and don't come back.
so Please take my advise and don't eat here.
You can easily have a better meal at maggianos around the corner, get a steak at capital grill for the same price or other establishments near by.
I promise you, you will be disappointed!

Great Gluten free and Organic options for Italian Style restaurant.

Delicious Caesar salad- I have even started eating the kale Caesar, which is amazing!
They are really good about asking about food allergies, which is nice for my gluten free friends.

I used to really enjoy my meals, but something struck me strange this visit as I noticed the entire menu is gluten-free.
Here's the deal: I need to eat gluten-free food, but everyone in the world does not.
The reality is, gluten-free pasta does not taste as good as regular pasta.
I know; there was a time I ate it and I miss it.
Yes, quinoa itself, not as a noodle, is a tasty grain.
Corn as itself, not as a noodle, is tasty, so why is everyone in the world now being subject to gluten-free pastas?
I had the eggplant parmesan which was not anything to write home about.
I always love their Greek salad.
Am I missing a point as to why gluten-free?

I go here a lot!
I can't eat gluten and that makes a typical Italian place, kind of off limits for me..... a problem for this Italian girl!
This restaurant is conveniently located in the Scottsdale Promenade, a nice mix of classy and casual.
The staff is fast and courteous, ALWAYS.
You can sit in the dining room, the bar complete with TV for sports enthusiasts, or  the outdoor patio which is huge and very comfortable with greenery and misters.
But the biggie for me is it has one of the largest gluten free, organic menu's I have seen in Scottsdale.
Sometimes a girl just wants pizza and a beer!!
Here I can have it G-Free and my dinner guest can go all wheat bellie crazy.

19.60 for the pizza the size of a pen and it took too long

It seems this chain is grasping at trying to remain relevant.
People who have been here before revel in the old days when it was about good organic/natural pizza, made on a thin crust, not commercially formed, with great choice of sauces, red or white or none at all.
That was then... Today, the whole menu is so overboard with Gluten Free, I believe they even advertise their water as being Gluten Free, that it's impossible to understand...
If you are part of the .75 % of America that is Gluten Intolerant, then this is your Restuarant of choice.
The other 99.25% might find it easier to dine elsewhere.
The regular "Gluten" menu is however, very good.
I personally tend to prefer the thin crust, coal fired brick oven type of Brooklyn Style pizza, so this place is close, just not the same, and they do have a good choice, once you get through the Gluten Maze.

Holy de-lish!
We love Picazzo's and we don't have to feel guilty about it because most of the menu is gluten-free and at least semi-healthy(ish).
All of the pastas and salads are extra yummy.
For desert, try the sundae with Haagen Dazs vanilla ice cream and organic chocolate mint syrup.
Yum!
Everything is delicious and reasonably priced.
Definitely one of my favorite local chains in Scottsdale.
Naomi Garnice gives it five stars.

A solid work day lunch menu and price point.
Think of it as a place to go when you want something better then those NY slice places but don't want to commit to a larger price and pizza that comes with some of the better Neapolitan inspired places in town.

I frankly can't believe that so many reviewers gave this joint a good review.
We arrive there this past Saturday night at 5:30 p.m. to take advantage of their half-price appetizers, which are over at 6 p.m.
It took a good ten minutes for the waitress to come get our drink order.
($2.95 for a tiny glass of diet coke...I don't care if it's refillable...you can get diet coke in any number of nice restaurants, without having to pay an arm and a leg for it.
)  It took another ten minutes to get the drinks.
She asked if we were ready to order and when we said we wanted the half-price appetizers, she had the nerve to look at her watch and say it was 6 and that she would have to check to see if she could serve them half price.
Well, it WASN'T 6, it was 10 to 6.
As I started to give my order, the first word out of my mouth was that we needed separate checks.
My friend ordered the stuffed pepper appetizer and I ordered a half salad, with a side of grilled Portobello mushrooms.
One of our friends ordered a flatbread appetizer and the other ordered the Portobello appetizer drizzled with balsamic vinegar.
We waited for our food.
And waited.
And waited.
We finally called over one of the other waiters, after about twenty minutes, to ask where the food was.
Well, lo and behold, it came right out!!!
Instead of bringing me the grilled portobellos, as requested, they brought me the Portobello appetizer.
When I told the fellows who brought out the food, that my order was wrong, they quickly fixed it, so that was good.
I asked my friend how her stuffed pepper was, and, while she told me it tasted good, she only had a tiny piece of sausage "stuffed" in the pepper.
My friend who ordered the flatbread appetizer was satisfied, as was I with my salad.
My other friend, who had ordered the Portobello appetizer, then ordered a pizza with the fellow (yes, we never saw our waitress again!
), and we had to wait ANOTHER half hour for the pizza.
No wonder there were empty tables there on a Saturday night...other people must have experienced their wonderful service, too.
Stay away from this place...if you want a gluten-free pizza, ask Whole Foods to bake you one...I guarantee you will be happy with it.
P.S.
Of course, it came with one check...but, once again, the fellows who were helping us were nice and separated the checks.

Can't imagine why this great place has only three stars!
Two of us shared an Italian Chopped Salad and it was delicious.
One of the best I have ever eaten.
Service was very good - price was more than reasonable.
We will be back!

Had a lunch meeting with a friend.
Ordered the cheese slice with a salad with Blue Cheese.
Beverage of choice was Green Tea.
The meal was very tasty, slice of pizza very adequate and the salad was also of nice proportion.
The meal was filling and I didn't leave over stuffed like you sometime do after pizza.
The meal was very healthy with all items organic.

Hummm.
Large pepperoni pizza for $24.00.
Taste was average and their large size is medium.
Disappointing.

I actually liked the food a lot however when I decided to take my wife there tonight, they decided to be closed, almost an hour early, and for that they receive an epic fail

At this point, I'd say Picazzo's is my favorite restaurant.
I've been there about six times and it never disappoints me.
Happy hour is great with the (half-priced) Brie/roasted garlic, a fav, and for lunch I've especially savored the lasagna.
The thing I most appreciate is how healthy I feel after I'm done.
Been said before but I wanted to chime in.
Really like!

Drove all the way from Chandler got there at 8:00 and was told they closed.
It was an hour before all posted closing times.
I work in a restaurant and can understand if we got there 30 min before closing but an hour is just ridiculous to turn customers away.
Very disappointed.

Food was excellent!
Service at the bar by Kim H was terrible.
We saw our kale salad sit in the window for about 5 minutes before it was brought out.
Then patiently awaited our Uncle Louie's favorite pasta for another 10 minutes which sat in the window to get cold.
It tasted great but could have been warmer.
Would have been nice if she had checked on us and refilled my husbands beer he asked for.
Not until the last 2 bites of pasta did she check to see how we were doing... Too late to have another beer with dinner and ask for another piece of bread.
Then took forever to run our credit card.
With 6 people at the bar she much have been overwhelmed!!!
I'll be back to another restaurant for the food but not this location.

Love the lunch specials here.
Such a great spot for lunch and the food is delicious.
The service has always been great too.

Gluten free everything!!!
-pizza  -croutons  -ALL desserts  -pasta  The best part is it tastes great!
This place is perfect for my boyfriend and I.
We are both gluten intolerant and they really understand how to make the food taste amazing and they have tons of options!

I know gluten free food isn't always the most flavorful but I have to say I did not find the gluten free pizza to be appetizing at all.
Not only did I not like the taste, it actually made me sick to my stomach!
Now I must admit the salads are pretty good - I like their wedge and the Italian chopped salad but I am not a fan of the pizza...

Pizza that is fold-able gets 5 stars in my book.
The service was a little slow, but in their defense, the place was packed.
I will definitely go back.
Also, their lemonade is fantastic.

We were shopping in the area and decided that we were in need of refueling, so we stopped off here to grab a bite.
We were greeted right away and opted to sit outside on the porch.
Our waitress was out within a minute or so and took our drink orders and filled us in on the daily specials.
She was very friendly.
I decided on the Chicken Piccata and he decided on the Lasagna - both came with salads, we went with Caesar.
The piccata was my favorite dish and there was a slight hint of lemon to the sauce, which really kicked up the flavor in my book.
The chicken was obviously fresh and it was cut into perfect bite sized pieces, so no knife needed on this dish!
His lasagna was good, but just wasn't anything to write home about - although I would probably order it again if I was in the mood for a red sauce dish!
The porch atmosphere was nice, but the tables felt really crowded.
There were high tops, as well as, regular tables all lined up in a row and when people walked by it was pretty much assured you were going to get bumped into.
The day was perfect for sitting outside though, so it was worth it!
We were semi-disappointed that they didn't offer a tiramisu dish, but the apple dessert did sound good and may have to happen next go around.
Overall: A- A touch crowded porch couldn't damper a good meal with a great view and friendly service!

Anytime I'm in Scottsdale for work I stop in for dinner.
Traveling alone for business can be lonely, but the bartenders Nick and Amir are awesome, and the wait staff is super friendly and make you feel so welcome.
I love the happy hour menu.
The caprese salad and turkey meatballs are two of my favorites.
The last time I was in I had the baked wings and they were really tasty and light.
I'd recommend this place for anyone looking for fresh, organic Italian food, and it's also great for those with gluten sensitivities because there's so many gluten-free items on the menu to choose from!

Love this place!
We order at least once a week & have everything delivered thanks to azfood.com.
Everything always tastes fresh & delicious!
Highly recommend.

Great lunch spot.
Wonderful salads.
Friendly and efficient staff.
Lots of other menu options too.
Good for take out too.
One of the best kale salads I have ever had.

Pizza is so good!
We sat at the bar and Nick took good care of us.
He even made a custom drink for my friend.
Would definitely come back when in the area.

This place never disappoints!
Try the Indian Curry pizza it is fabulous!
Also this place IS NOT closed...thank god!

LOVE this place!
Excellent service and food.
Came to this location for lunch and had a slice of cheese pizza and greek side salad.
Dee-licious!
Pricing is very fair too!
The Tatum and Cactus location has the cutest little cozy bar and a perfect place to enjoy a glass of wine and have a great convo with the bartender.
Highly Recommended!

Best gluten free food!
Awesome happy hour, gluten free appetizers, pizza, salads... awesome everything.
Love that I don't have to worry about what I'm eating here, basically everything is gluten free!
Love all their locations, great restaurant.

Lunch or Dinner, the place serves great pizza.
Their salads are huge in portions and can be easily split for 2 people.
Getting back to pizza: everything from the dough to cheeses to toppings, all fresh and tasty.
If you want 'healthy' pizza, this place is it.
If on the other hand you want NY or Chicago or Sicilian pizza, look elsewhere.

My husband and I both thought the food was great.
And how amazing that its organic and gluten free!
Perfect for the health food nuts out there!

After a long day and for kicks my wife and I decided on Pizza and figured that we'd go to Grimaldis.
Unfortunately it was a 45 minute wait and we were starving so we decided to go elsewhere.
Bad idea.
Now I've been to this place a few times and so getting in and seated wasn't a problem, especially for a Friday night.
The food is usually quite good and the pizza is excellent.
Whilst the food is good the service was absolutely lacking tonight.
Don't know if that's a common practice for this establishment but we got seated and after about 8 minutes still hadn't been acknowledged by any of the wait staff or given any water.
My wife hadn't eaten since 9am, and it'd been about 7 hours for me.
We weren't exactly in a mood to be ignored but we were.
Three waitresses passed by us and nothing.
NOTHING!
What on earth is going on here?
So we got up and left....  Then the hostess thanked us for coming in and I thanked her for not serving us.
We're starving and we decided to go home.
Papa Johns delivers and he's never let us down.
Take a lesson Picazzos....get your act together or give up the ghost.

My favorite place to eat!
Organic delicious salads and pizza.
Also has great gluten free options.

I personally think Picazzo's food is not bad at all.
My group of friends came in on a Monday night around 8PM so of course it wasn't busy.
We got seated right away and our server was friendly and pretty funny.
Two of my friends got a large pizza, half was chipotle and the other half was spicy Thai peanut sauce ( or something like that).
I tried and thought it was very good.
It was different from traditional pizzas, the hand tossed crust was to die for.
Another friend of ours can't eat gluten so he got a gluten-free crust pepperoni and I, of course, had to get my greedy hand on it and it was tasty.
I, myself, got an appetizer which was the Spicy Thai Peanut chicken wings.
There were about 8 to 10 wings for 12 dollars, hm...a little bit pricey but was worthwhile.
The flavor was different, but good.
The wings were not breaded, but were crunchy.
I guess I gave a 4 star because it's a little pricey...I know it's Scottsdale, organic and everything, but for a meal and a beer, you can easily pay 40 bucks, which is, to me, not a daily thing.
But in general, I'd recommend this restaurant.
I will continue to come back.

I definitely would not recommend this restaurant.
In fact I would recommend not coming here, because they have some of the worst service I have seen.
I visited with a bunch of people and it was my first visit.
This restaurant doesn't seem equipped to handle large parties.
The seating arrangement was uncomfortable, but the real problem was that we had a waitress who never checked on us.
I was unable to get a refill for my meal, which really bothered me.
I was then offended that they automatically charged us an 18% tip.
That is unacceptable considering that she never checked on us at all.
The prices are pretty high.
My wife and I paid about $50 and we didn't really get a lot.
The food itself wasn't bad and is the only reason I give this place a slightly higher rating, but I still feel that they ripped my wife and myself off.
I have written to this place telling about my unsatisfactory experience, but have yet to receive a reply and I doubt I will.
Avoid this place.
They care nothing for their customers.

I ordered the lasagna bolognese and it was scorched.
Instant buyer's remorse.
The lone bright spot was our waitress who was quite attentive and friendly.
We won't be patronizing Picazzo anytime in the foreseeable future.

Pasta was okay, tasted like what I'd make at home after a trip to whole foods.
The gluten free bread was awesome and definitely the best part of the meal!

Delicious organic Italian food!
Awesome vegan options for an Italian restaurant!
Picazzo's definitely catered to my needs and cravings of a good pizza.
My friends and I ordered a custom vegan pizza that was so delicious!!
They also have a beautiful organic cocktail menu.
Its a little pricy but definitely worth it!

Chicken piccata was delicious.
Gluten free pasta is the the only choice but I couldn't tell the difference.
Place is cute and family friendly.
Bar is offered off to the side and provided lots of drink options.
Plethora of vegetarian and gluten free options while still providing options for the meat lovers!

My friend and I enjoyed dinner here.
She ordered the chicken piccata, and thought it was good.
She is very Italian, so that is saying something ;) I was very excited about the menu because there are so many vegetarian options!
I had the seven veggie pasta.
It came out very warm.
The spices were just right.
My preference is to have a lot of sauce (or gravy), and this didn't.
If you like a lot too, ask for a little extra.
They have a new ginger beer on the menu.
It is very big (16 ounces and 48 grams of sugar), so it can be shared.
It is a twist off top that wasn't opened when brought to the table.
That was strange for a restaurant.
Our server was a sweet girl.
She was very quiet though.
Didn't say anything beyond simple questions.
I look forward to going back to trying all the other gluten free, veggie options.

Love that they are organic and have allergy free options.
Pricey, but its organic with top of the line ingredients.
great place for special occasions.
Disappointed that many of there locations have closed down.

Fresh and tasty food.
Lunch special is a good deal.
Our waitress was fast and friendly.
Greens are sourced from Arizona farmers.
I would definitely come back!

The WORST dining experience of my life.
My salad was like a left over from the '70's.
Some wilted lettuce, mushy chunk of avocado, a couple of apple chucks and topped with mushy tomato slices.
Bottled salad dressing.
Hubby's ravioli had a white sauce that reminded me of a home economics class in high school.
Moving along, the acoustics in the space are horrific, so there is a cacophony of noise assaulting you throughout the meal.
Top it off with a table of the most ignorant young couples who thought that their children's scccreammmming was the cutest thing since hand to hand combat.
A good restaurant knows how to politely and diplomatically tell unruly customers that they are disturbing the other diners.
Just because they stick 'organic' in their name does not give a restaurant the right to cook very badly!!!
When I told the waitress this was our first visit, she said nothing in the way of introducing the restaurant to us.

