A tree grows in Peoria, uh I mean Brooklyn.
A Brooklyn deli settled in Peoria of all places?
WTF is that all about?
It's savvy business sense is what it is.
This corner of the Valley is starved for a New York / Italian deli - and from the throng of a lunch-time crowd I think my hunch is right.
This Denver-based deli is new to town, but is taking the Arrowhead area and this Golds Gym strip mall by storm.
If you get there between 12-1 you're looking at a wait about 10 people deep.
NERD-ALERT ADVERTISING ASIDE You might recall the two-stage clever billboard campaign about a year ago with with a UPS packaged look to it simply messaged with the words "Something is coming from Brooklyn.
" A ripped corner on the billboard a few weeks later revealed the logo and location.
Ok now, back to the review.
I had heard about the bread here, but didn't take those comments too seriously.
I swear to God.
I have never seen bread so huge, fluffy and decadent.
These freshly-baked loaves sit at the counter taunting would-be customers with their beauty and scrumptiousness.
The marble rye roll was as big as my face.
The sourdough, wheat and white slices must be an INCH AND A HALF THICK!
You walk up to the counter, place your order with your own sandwich maker - which Heidi's has at about 10 staff members deep!
The sandwich selections are typical of New York or Italian delis and the feel of the place with its clubby dark wood booth atmosphere there evokes Brooklyn alright.
I've had the Transplanted New Yorker and Cajun Turkey Avocados sandwiches.
The TNY comes with five Italian meats, provolone and a spicy chipotle aioli.
Holy crap was that sauce HOT.
I mean, I like my food spicy, but I got a big wad of that in one bite, and WOWEE it made me wince a bit.
Another more popular sandwich there (which I want to try next time) is Hells Kitchen - which silly me, I thought was a trendy Manhattan nabe.
The HK is egg salad, bacon, swiss, avocado and the spicy sauce.
Sounds weirdly decadent yet tasty all at once.
The best named item would have to be the "Make Your Own, But Don't Be a Pain in the Ass" Wrap - a more clever way to put it, eh?
If you're a Nathan's Famous hot dog fan, you can get your fix for that here too.
They don't mess around when it comes to portions - with meats on the heavy side.
But at $7 each the sandwiches aren't cheap either.
So you get what you pay for here.
The desserts are similarly fresh-baked, huge and delicious -- having had both the 5-inch square brownies and cookies.
I spied a delicious cannoli here, so keep that in mind too.
After $9 and change you've got yourself some good deli grub, and probably might consider yourself a newly devout fan -- like I do.
Yes folks.
A tree grows in Brooklyn.
And a Brooklyn deli now grows in Peoria.
P.S.
Biltmore and Downtown locations are opening later this year.

My wife and I were looking for a change of pace for lunch on a Saturday and since there aren't many good sandwich places in the west valley we decided Heidi's sounded good.
When we placed our orders they made the sandwiches right in front of us, Italian on a sub roll for my wife and a Reuben on marble rye for myself.
Wow, that bread was fantastic, you can tell that it's freshly made.
It's soft and moist, I loved it.
You get a choice of several types, but we stuck with the defaults.
The sandwiches were also generously piled with the ingredients, I had corned beef on sauerkraut.
The meat had great flavor and the sides were also quite wonderful.
You get your choice of potato salad, cole slaw, or chips.
I had the slaw and wife had the potato salad.
Both tasted better than store bought, but I think the sandwiches were the stars.
The store was roomy and open, it was fine for a deli.
The sandwiches were in the $6-$7 range.
There were soups and wraps as well.
We'll definitely be trying there again, as it's much better than Quizno's, Blimpies, and definitely Subway.

Another great lunchtime location.
They make a great Reuben sandwich smothered in kraut and nestled in the most delicious marble rye bread.
I usually get half corned beef and half pastrami.
The only downside to this place is the usual long line of people.
I go there probably about once every other month, and I don't think I've ever been there without waiting in a line at least 5 or 6 deep.
I think the ever-present lines say something about the place.

I work right by this place and have tried it a few times.
The food is good, especially the Transplanted New Yorker (or something like that).
BUT, I have to say, its overpriced.
$9.00 for a sandwich and tiny bag of chips is too much in my opinion, so I won't be going there too often.
That's a shame because the food is quite good.

I love heidi's...it is a little more expensive, but I think it's worth it!
When I worked down 83rd...everyone would tell me about this place and finally I went.
The people there are really nice and gave me a couple extra coupons to hand out when I got back to work.
I love love love their tuna salad...you can get all the fixings but I just like it with lettuce.
The sandwich is huge...thats why you have the option of half a sandwich.
The bread is delicious, wish I could remember what type it is.
It's only open for lunch and it can get pretty busy in here around noon so be warned.
There were a couple times I came in on a lunch break took a look at the line and had to bone out and just go hungry for the day *tear* It's bad because you know when you crave something and nothing else sounds good.
You get a pickle and a side with your meal..I get the slaw.

Heidi...I don't know if all deli's are like this in Brooklyn, if they are I surely don't need to visit then.
Very, very dull and boring inside with no pizazz at all.
I was hoping to emulate a NYC trip by coming here, but that didn't quite happen.
The sandwich I had, the reuben with pastrami on rye bread wasn't too bad.
The meat and saurkraut were about average.
The highlight was the bread as it was very fresh and full of flavor.
At least they got something right here.
Overall I may or may not come back here.
I'm sure the place serves the lunch business crowd and that's what it's good for.

OK, so it's in a strip mall in Peoria and the dull decor isn't some throwback to New York.
The bread, however, is full and flavorful, the sandwiches are HUGE with lots of meat (or egg in the case of the egg salad sandwich) and simple toppings, and the services is very.
A little pricey, but worth it if you're in the area.

When in doubt, take a recommendation from some of the regulars.
The chicken salad sandwich is to die for.
Well, maybe not actually, really, die for... but I'd drive there and pay full price for it.
Other reviewers are right -- this place is a bit pricey if you are on a budget -- but the way to get around that is to go for the daily special.
For right around $6 you are out the door with your huge sandwich; a choice of chips, potato salad or coleslaw; and a drink.
$1.50 buys you a giant chocolate chip cookie for dessert.
The other secret is that they sell their bread (if they have any left) after 2 pm.
I'm still waiting to get a loaf of their sourdough to make into french toast on the weekend.

Fantastic food, filling and satisfying at the same time.
The only thing wrong with this place the last few times I've gone in has been the clenliness of the eating area.
Food crumbs and trays don't make for a pleasent environment.
The food, however, makes up for it.

Love this place, they have the BEST corned beef sandwiches around!
A little pricey but not horrible, a little dull inside.
But all around great sammies.

I come here for lunch every now and then and am usually pretty happy with my sandwich.
I always get the hell's kitchen its super yummy, egg salad with bacon avocado and a Delicious Cajun spicy mayo on fresh soft sourdough bread.
Last time I was here I got a chicken salad sandwich and was very disappointed just tasted a little funky and I didn't like the dark meat it had in it.
Good soups and they have smoothies and ice cream as well.
Definitely not cheap but the sandwiches are so huge I usually split it with who ever I am with.

Great, friendly service and the rueben is awesome!

I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE sandwiches and this is by far my favorite sandwich place!!!
There is enough meat on one sandwich for at least 4 Footlong sandwiches at subway!
Fresh bread, veggies and an overall pleasant experience.
The people are always friendly.
I wish there was one in the East Valley!!!

In my never ending quest to find a good east coast deli hot pastrami sandwich I decided to stop by Heidi's Brooklyn Deli.
I was somewhat apprehensive yet optimistic when I pulled up to Heidi's for lunch the other day.
After all there were several "signs of goodness" as carefully evaluated my surroundings upon entering Heidi's.
Sign #1 this place was going to be good; they were very busy when I walked in; hence there might be a reason why, busy usually = good eats.
Sign #2 this place was going to be good; I noticed there were a lot of older peeps, aka snow-birds eating here as I walked in; hence there might be a reason why, older peeps usually know where the good deli's are.
Sign #3 this place was going to be good; the smell of fresh cooked bread hits you in the face as you walk in; hence there might be a reason why, fresh cooked bread usually = fresh cooked everything  Well to my chagrin this did not hit mark but it was an enjoyable experience.
My hot pastrami was shaved cold cut and heated.
My rye was the best feature of this main event.
It was awesome, well balanced with just enough crisp vs chew and extremely fresh.
My potato salad and cole slaw was store bought not fresh.
I asked the person that was waiting on me why they don't offer more fresh options and she stated it's all about the bread and their fresh approach to sandwich selections.
They offer several different sandwich selections other than the traditional such as a chipotle chicken with guac, spicy may, veggies on a baguette or bread of your choice.
I sampled that as well on a second visit and it was good but most definitely not east coast.
Lesson learned; Pay no attention to "signs" for people have different taste and expectations of what a good deli should be in Phoenix.
Heidi's is a great alternative to burger and fries.
They have wonderful breads and offer a good selection of sandwiches, salads and soups.

I love the Salomon melt!!!
although I am a little lethargic now and need a nap.

Just a bragging point: I've totally been to the original Heidi's Brooklyn Deli in Denver, Colorado.
Its Peoria counterpart is a fantastic place to get lunch in the West Valley.
I have sampled quite a few of the menu items.
I do tend to stay away from anything with mustard, ham, bologna type meats, and rye bread.
However, the meatball on Italian bread and the chicken marinara on French bread are delicious menu options.
I also like the Club sandwich on the croissant.
They also have a "build your own" option if nothing on the menu looks appealing (an impossible feat).
Every sandwich comes with a bag of chips and a pickle.
The milkshakes and malts are made from real ice cream (also available by the scoop) with generous portions.
All of the desserts are fabulous, but they advertise the cheesecake as "homemade" and I'm pretty sure it is not.
Heidi's also serves breakfast, but I've never gotten around to trying it.
I would love to sample their lox bagel because it looks out of this world.
The prices are more than reasonable for the portion sizes and quality that Heidi's offers!
My only complaint is that the restaurant keeps odd hours.
It seems like they are never open when I get a sandwich craving!

I had a breakfast sandwich - egg, bacon, pepper jack cheese on a jalopeno bagel!
I loved mine, but my 15 yr old daughter was unimpressed with her roasted turkey on wheat.
She just said it was boring.
It needed some pizazz.
This probably doesn't need mentioning, because this was our first time at Heidi's, but the place wreaked of some sort varnish or something.
They said it was from the place next door that was under construction.
I was simply disgusted with the smell.
Almost had to leave.
The food was good though and I'll be back for more, and to see if it always stinks of something other than deli food.

I recently went to Heidi's for the first time and it was great.
They had a white board with the day's special written on it: a chicken salad sandwich that came with mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato and onion, your choice of a side, potato salad, coleslaw, or chips, and a fountain drink for $5.95!
What a great deal!
We asked the girl working if she liked the chicken salad and she replied that she did not like it because they use honey in it.
I appreciated her honesty and got it anyway, I like honey!
The chicken salad was great!
Certainly not what I expect chicken salad to taste like, but delicious.
I chose to have it on pumpernickle bread, which they bake fresh.
I decided on potato salad for my side.
It is made with red potatos and tasted good but the portion was very small!
Now that I know how tiny the side portions are, I will always get a bag of chips instead.
I am excited to go back and try some real deli classics and see what else they offer for cheap daily specials!

I love Heidi's!!!
I go here often and always receive friendly service and delicious food.
My husband and kids love it too.
As many before me have said, the bread is fantastic.
We buy loaves when we are there so we can enjoy it at home.
I've tried the eggplant parm sandwich, egg salad, veggie, grilled veggie and a few others and all have been excellent!
I'm a vegetarian, so it's nice to have lots of choices here.
My husband has had roast beef, Italian, pastrami and other subs and has always been happy.
I send friends and family here.
Everyone has been happy.
I highly recommend Heidi's!

Heidi's is as good as any NY deli !!!
The best pastrami and Swiss I have ever had.
They make all of their bread fresh on site.

I cant understand how this place is still in business, the food is over priced, the quantity is little unless you like lots of bread but not enough meat for the $8 sandwich.
went  there 2 times and will not go back again.

They asked me if I wanted my sandwich heated and immediately threw it in the microwave and then wanted me to pay $10 for it.
After looking around for hidden cameras to see if I was being punked I declined the meal and went next door and got great Gyro.

At first the atmosphere reminded me of Wildflower with the set up and seating but they make your sandwich to order right in front of you which takes a little while and can back up the line.
I love that you can see how they make it from scratch and event the bread is getting baked while your their.
They did tell me that the Hells Kitchen and Cajun Turkey with Avocado were their best sellers and it lived up to some pretty good hype.
I ordered the HK and wife had CTA, my HUGE sandwich has egg salad, bacon, cheese, avocado, and cajun sauce....WOW was this sandwich so fricken good that I ate the whole thing and that caused problems later for me.
The combination of all those ingredients is making me hungry right now but just dont eat the whole thing.
My wife loved her CTA and we will definitely go back.

i have to agree with benjamin p. i used to go there alot but always felt like i was bothering them with my business..havent been back in a while..i felt like a sandwich today and was gonna give it another try til i read the most recent reviews..i guess i will go somewhere else....

I had eaten here once before and I guess the food was just OK because they are only a couple of miles from where I live and I had not gone back.
Well I wanted a hot dog and I was in the area so decided to give a go.
When I was at the counter I remembered my last visit.
Food was good but there was way to much bread.
They do have a great selection of bread.
They slice it thicker than store bread.
The sandwiched appeared to have a generous amount of "Fixings".
If that is proper to say.
But I did not have a sandwich.
I had a hot dog.
And a very good hot dog at that.
Nice and plump.
Then with all the great breads they have they put the hot dog in a plain old hot dog bum.
It would of been a 4 with a better bun.
Just a suggestion.
Decoration?
Hey it is a sandwich shop.
Appropriate decor for a sandwich shop.
Staff was friendly but may of been a little more helpful.
Since it was not posted what came on the hot dog I asked.
Response, "anything you want".
No we don't have that.
Kinda of a guessing game.
The atmosphere was very noisy and it was not very busy at the time we visited.
Lots of loud people.
I will be back and try one of their sandwiches.

Will never eat here again.
Sandwich was meteocre and overpriced.
On top Of that I was charged more than I was told the total was.
Horrible first time experience!

I love this deli and lucky for me, it's right around the corner!
Everything I have ever ordered has been fresh and delicious and comes with a smile from the friendly staff.
I highly recommend the Pastrami and no matter which bread you choose, it's all made in house and is incredible!

Really great place!
Staff is very friendly!
and work hard!
I work right next to it so it's my main choice for lunch.
The bread is really something, along with the Cajun sauce "YUM!
" Their "Hell's Kitchen" is to die for.
They are expensive but it's worth it because the quality is out of this world!
Great ingredients and secret recipes.
I eat a lot of Heidi's and I can say their service and food is consistent which is uncommon but a real treat!

Excellent food made accurately and quickly.
Very well priced.
Friendly and helpful staff.

Food is fine, just too expensive for what you get.

Love this place.
Sandwiches are so big that I can split it between 2.
Great fresh bread and soups as well.

This was a spur of the moment decision on my way home the other night and it was one I do not regret.
I was buying for my husband and myself, assuming we would do halfsies, so need two sandwiches.
Having never eaten here before, I carefully read the entire menu and decided, to get a feel for the place, I would go old school, hot corned beef with mustard on marble rye, and new school, Cajun turkey with avocado on sour dough.
I watched them slice my bread from big fresh loaves and proceed to construct the goodness.
Let me say that turkey sandwiches typically do not thrill me, even with the addition of one of god's perfect food, the avocado, but when the dust settled, I admit that I would order the Cajun turkey over the corned beef (which was excellent) ANY DAY.
It was spectacular!
The bread totally made these sandwiches!
Soft and yet dense and BIG, it is worth a trip in just for that.
We also added an "Awesome Salad" (that was the name) with greens, cubed fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, red onion and more avocado.
Name was pretty appropriate.
We will be back!
Actually, as I write this, it's 10 am and I am contemplating going back for another Cajun turkey... :)

This is not the first time I've been to heidi's But I will be the first to admit she makes an absolutely amazing sandwich make sure you get there early before 1130 or late after 130 because if you get there at 12:30 expect to wait and wait they can make a sandwich fast But not that fast If you happen to be in the area great place to try all their sandwiches are absolutely delicious including their French dip their pastrami is great and they never hold back on the meat

I stopped in on the recommendation of a friend.
The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was nice.
I ordered their "sub" sandwich and for $7 this thing is pretty big, I'm a big guy and could barely finish it.
It also came with choice of chips, potato salad or something else that I can't remember (sorry), and a crisp pickle slice.
I chose the potato salad and really enjoyed it quite a bit.
I'd almost go as far to say that I'd go back just to get more.
As for the sandwich it was pretty good.
Not the best I've ever had but the ingredients were fresh and plentiful.
I'd give it 5 stars but the bread was a little too much like a store bought loaf to me, versus freshly made on location.
Overall I enjoyed my meal and will stop by again next time I'm in the area to try some of their many more options from the menu, maybe from the hot sandwich side.

I love the food here it is some of the best sandwiches I have ever had, but I will make sure when I go again I will not order or stay when they have three of the rudest don't care about their jobs kids working behind the counter.
They made me feel like it was an Inconvenience  that they had to help me.
Stood in front of the blond with a pink bandana in her hair for 3 minutes before she said a word to us.
Then she said someone will be with you in a Minute.
Well low and behold she ended up helping us (if that's what we are calling the poor customer service).
The young boy behind the counter you could tell was not real excited about being there and was wanting to be somewhere else and the third dark haired girl looked lost and scared and had no clue just sat and stared blankly.
So yes I will go there but will walk out if I see any of these three behind the counter.

I live within a mile of Heidi's and have been coming her regularly for several years.
I have never been disappointed with the food.
Everything I've tried has been great.
The restaurant is typically clean and I usually have good service.

Food is good if you like to be charged TWICE!!
I work nearby and my coworkers recommended this location.
I went a couple times and the amounts being charged to my account were more as compared to my receipt.
Before noticing this issue; I found another.
I made a CASH purchase for $13.31.
and a card purchase of $3.27 and then found both transactions on my card history!!!!
So, they actually charged me cash and then charged my card.
Double charges have not only happened to me but ALL of my coworkers that have been to this location.
My boss the other day told me he didn't go to heidis at all that week (or the week before) and found several transactions from heidis on his card.
So they are also storing your card information.
SCARY!!!!!!!
IF you decide to go there; take ONLY cash and keep your receipts.
Oh, forgot to mention, the employees are rude and they get your order wrong.

So...
The food is awesome but BRING CASH ONLY!!!
I have been eating here for years and everything was copasetic until a month ago when I bought a sammich and brownie and the next thing you know, I'm suddenly trying to spend $485 at Wal Mart, buying gas in Boston, Philly, and going to the Home depot in Pittsburgh... all from the comfort of my recliner in Buckeye, AZ!
So of course I'm bitching about this at work (right down the street from Heidi's) and 3 of my coworkers who all went there for lunch on the same day had the same thing happen to them!
Not a huge fan of debit card fraud, but the cajun turkey sammich is pretty tasty...
So, if youre feeling lucky, I recommend Heidi's Brooklyn Deli!

Food is sooo good here!!
Hands down the best, freshest bread in town!
I would go here and just eat the bread!!
But the sandwiches  are very good too.
The line can get long sometimes but they always move quickly and it's worth any wait

Just because it says Deli and says Brooklyn, do not mistake for Jewish or New York.
Sadly, this place felt like a glorified Subway but the fact that the bagels come off the Sysco truck clinched the truth for me.
Good thing the Dunkin' Donuts across the parking lot has bagels too!

The service was wonderful.
They even take fax orders.
Food is fantastic and convenient.
Thanks to all the staff at Heidi ' s for making my co-workers and I very satisfied while working on Sunday.

The staff was friendly but the food was on par with what you'd buy at a QuikTrip gas station - for twice the price.
Save yourself some money and travel: Make yourself a sandwich at home.
You'll get a better sandwich.

Been here a few times.
Definitely not the most original bagels, somewhat overpriced.
Reuben was decent quality but didn't taste good.
Had a few other bagels and coffee and they weren't so good.
Service is great.

I'd say this is a nice little place to stop off for a quick sandwich.
I haven't had any bad experiences the employees are friendly and the foods pretty good.
It's nothing too different than your normal subway/Quiznos joint.

I've been here twice and had lovely experiences both times.
Yesterday, my friend and I were in the area, and I suggested Heidi's.
The line was long, but the employees were working fast.
The sourdough bread, cut fresh for my sandwich, was still slightly warm from the oven.
I added avocado (generous portion for only 50 cents) to my chicken salad sandwich.
It was divine, and far more than I could finish, so I have my lunch for today as well!
Total cost with a drink was $9 and change... Not unreasonable at all.
Employees were friendly and while the service was a bit slow, I'm convinced that good food takes time, so I'll wait and not get worked up over it.
I will be going back to Heidi's every time I'm in the neighborhood!

Decided to come here since it was close to Hertz Rental and we were in the mood for deli sandwiches.
I ordered the Genoa Salami and Provolone on Italian and they made it just right.
It's a little expensive and the taste was pretty good but nothing amazing.
I don't like that the combo only comes with 1 bag of chips (lays) and if you want a different kind, you have to pay extra.
That's kinda weird and ridiculous in my book.
We ordered a smoothie and it was okay.
Not really any flavor and kind of bland.
Kind of bummed me out but no biggie.
They have a big dining room with plenty of seating so that was nice.
The customer service was friendly.
Just a little too expensive.

I ordered the Italian submarine on an Italian hoagie with coleslaw and a tropical smoothie.
It was good.
Fresh.
Coleslaw was kind of gross.
Smoothie was delicious!
Clean atmosphere, but looks kind of old.
Friendly staff.
Good place, but nothing too special.

Gotta agree, staff isn't the most upbeat.
Seemed annoyed when I mentioned, Yelp listed them closed.
Sandwhich was good, better thank Quiznos.
Wish they had more veggie topping options.
I had the chicken salad on pumpernickle.
Very generous sized sandwhich for price.

ordered a Rueben sandwich and they microwaved the meat and kraut, pathetic excuse for a NY Deli.

Best Reuben I have ever had with so much meat and sauerkraut I couldn't finish it.
Not bad for the price.

