I went in here recently to look at a Prius.
Was a good experience, even though I couldnt get the car because I am to upside down on my van.
Sales staff was knowledgeable and friendly, and afterwards, when they knew I couldnt seal the deal, they didn't treat me like crap.
No high pressure garbage.
I walked away knowing I would have a hybrid one of these days.
Right after I get out from being upside down on my van.

Take it from someone who has shopped for cars an inordinate amount of time for her mere 21 years, the folks at Camelback Toyota are good guys.
The dealer I worked with Samir was really friendly and knowledgeble, and the way he actually tried to kiiiind of talk me out of some extra features he didn't think I really needed they way I insisted (ie.
moon roof, sports package, etc.
) reminded me of a dad.
The staff as a whole wasn't pushy and let me take my time in deciding over a couple days without stalking me over the phone.
When I finally did decide, I felt they gave me a really fair price for my trade in and the rest of the process was fairly quick & painless.
While we were waiting for all the paperwork to be drawn up, Samir gave me some great tips for backpacking through Europe, an interest we found we shared.
When I went back a few weeks later to schedule a time to get my windows tinted the sales manager I worked with remembered me by name which I also thought was cool.
All in all a really good experience as far as car dealers go.
ps.
Mr. Showcase Honda, obviously I took your advice and bought a Toyota.

I had a pleasant experience purchasing my vehicle from Camelback Toyota.
I get all my services done here and the service advisors never try to rip me off.
I also had to take my car into the body shop for some repair and it was taken care of very quickly.
I would recommend this dealership to anyone looking to buy a Toyota or Scion.

My husband and I went to Camelback Toyota to accompany my mother who wanted to purchase a car.
Major KUDOS to Mr. MOHAMED NOUR.
My mom had recently moved and did not need to be pushed, pressured etc.
He took EXCELLENT care of her: no pressure whatsoever, pleasant, was honest (true!
), quick, efficient.
He even called her several times to figure out when she'd be there.
We thought : pressure!
but the reason why he did it was to rev up the AC for her!
Once she found the car, he walked her through how all the inside works (I've never had anyone do this w/ me).
If you go you must see him.
mnour@cbacktoyota.com 602.200.5520.

My friend and I both traded in vehicles and bought brand new Scion tC's from Camelback Toyota/Scion, and working with our salesman (who is no longer employed there) was an absolutely positive experience.
However, once we settled on our deal, the finance manager was a total jerk, overly pushy with up-sells for extended warranties and other unnecessary crap.
Despite that, I tried to remain loyal because of how helpful and friendly our salesman had been.
When it came time for my first major service, I brought my car in and was upsold on over $500 of services that my personal mechanic later confirmed were 100% unnecessary, despite the pressure that the Camelback service writer had put on their "importance" to the proper upkeep of my vehicle.
Even my salesman was disgusted with their behavior when I told him about it after the fact, which was one of the contributing factors for his decision to leave.
I really hope that extra $500 you scammed me out of made it worthwhile to not only lose a good customer, but the several referrals I gave others to shop elsewhere.
Stereotypical "stealership" b.s., and yet people in the automotive industry scratch their heads and wonder why they have such a piss poor reputation...

I would like to describe to you the worse car buying experience I have ever had.
On sunday, 10/11/2009, I called Camelback Toyota's Fleet Sales Department and spoke to Dennis, a Fleet Sales Manager.
I described to Dennis the Model of vehicle I was searching for and he informed me that there were two vehicles on the lot that matched my description.
After neogotiating price I told Dennis that I would be at the dealership within 3 hours; since I was coming from Tucson, AZ and the dealership is in Phoenix, AZ, which is nearly 120 miles.
(I didn't go to a tucson dealership since they were all closed on Sunday and I was only in Tucson for the day to co-sign a car with my sister.
)     After I arrived at the dealership I was greeted by another Fleet manager named, Mohammed.
Mohammed said he was going to help me since Dennis was busy helping another customer on the phone.
When I was taken out to the lot, Mohammed takes me to the a group of Toyota Sienna's (This was the type of car I was in search for), but none were a match to the vehicle that I negotiated over the phone.
Even though I wasn't shown the vehicle I intended to see, Mohammed was very persistent at having me test drive one of the cars that was shown to me.
I informed Mohammed that there would be no point of test driving a different vehicle than the one I negotiated.
After stating that I wasn't interested in another vehicle, Mohammed leaves for a moment and comes back informing me that the car actually sold the day before and the reason for the misinformation was due to a delay in the inventory system.
I was shocked and surprised that this sort of thing could happen.
But the worse part of this ordeal was when my brother, whom was with me at the time stated one comment indicating his disgruntleness, Mohammed then has the nerve to stop the conversion, say that he wasnt paid enough to deal with this type of situtation and then proceeded to walk away.
Along with my family, I was extremely upset at this point.
We wasted 5 hours of our lives, driving back and forth to get tricked and dupped.
The excuse proved by Mohammed doesnt even sound valid.
If the reason was true, wouldn't it be known by all the sales people, in which a sales person would then go check the lot if a deal was being made.
In fact, It seems that lying is common trait within all the sales people at Camelback Toyota since after Mohammed left another Fleet Manager named Robert came out and attempted to do Damage control by lying as well.
Robert attempted to tweak his words to make it seem that Dennis and Mohammed did not lie by saying that even though the car was sold the day before they can find the car somewhere.
Dennis lied by saying the car was there to just bring us to the dealership.
What a bunch of bullshit.
Now what kind of dealership does that?
We drove 120 miles because we thought we had a deal with a reputable company but was sadly mistaken to find that this was a bait and switch ploy.
And on top of that the dealership gets the nerve to get mad at us for being mad at this situation?
Like I said, I was only in tucson for one day, I actually live in southern california going to Tucson with the sole intention to make this deal and this happens.
This was a total waste of time and money.
Be rested assured that I will make it my best effort to get the word out that this dealership is a sham(I will blog, leave comments on review sites and any other outlet that i can find)  and also be assured that atleast no one I know personally will ever go to Camelback Toyota.

Our salesguy, once we got him, was pretty awesome; I liked Michael, and although a little bit TOO chatty, he was full of knowledge on the car, which I appreciated.
Also, he wasn't too pushy, which is exactly what we were looking for, as we weren't planning on driving that day, but were just testing.
However, getting to him was an adventure.
We had one guy greet us in the lot, take us inside, and put as at a high, hard to get into chair/table set.
And we waited.
And waited.
There was a cooler on the table, which we assumed was water bottles (most of the dealers we saw gave us water), so we opened it.
Not water.
In fact, someone's incredibly rancid smelling lunch.
Great way to greet guests.
After waiting quite a while, we got switched to Michael.
I don't know if it was because first salesman didn't want to deal with a couple of dykes, or what, but we liked Michael better anyway.
The other problem was the car.
We test drove a Prius (2008), and it looked/smelled much older than that.
There were some epic stains on the visors, and the whole car smelled of dog.
As someone who is allergic to dogs, this is a problem.
It was like the car had yet to go through detailing...which is no way to try and sell someone a car.
We won't be back for their used cars, although we might check out their new cars at some point in the distant future.

I needed a vehicle before another summer without AC here in Arizona.
I unfortunately went to Right Toyota to test drive a vehicle.
The entire experience from start to finish was not good.
My keys from the vehicle I was turning in were kept from me, my driver's license was held hostage and my registration never was returned.
I demanded my license and car keys, and after about an hour of stunts, they were finally returned.
Fortunately I had another copy of my registration, so I was able to leave without that.
Needless to say, I had a bad taste in my mouth when I went over to Camelback Toyota the following day.
However, I was more than pleasantly surprised.
I had been corresponding with Dennis Sanschagrin for a number of months prior to going in for a test drive.
He was never pushy, but kept in touch to let me know the current deals.
When I arrived to look at vehicles, Dennis was not there, but I was helped out by Andrew Eissfeldt.
Andrew was kind and respectful and there was absolutely no pressure.
We went on a test drive and he directed me to a beautiful park and told me of the javelinas he'd seen there several weeks prior.
He showed me everything I could possibly want to know about the vehicle and made sure I was happy with the RAV4 I had chosen.
The deal itself was made in about 1/2 an hour.
They actually came in lower than I thought they would on pricing.
Andrew was knowledgeable and there was absolutely no harassing or brow-beating.
Absolutely the best car sales situation I have experienced to date.
Right Toyota had quoted me a price that was so out of the ballpark I was insulted.
Camelback Toyota was fair from the get-go.
Next came the sales manager Richie Davidson.
He was funny and also very respectful.
He tried to get me to pay a few hundred more than I wanted to pay, but quickly came down when he realized I wasn't budging.
Hey, it's his job I figure to try to get more out of me, but he started laughing when he saw I wouldn't budge and told me I could bring an apple pie in sometime.
I actually will do that.
He's a great guy.
After the deal was made, I headed over to the finance department to meet with Roman Gelfand.
I figured this was when things would get ugly.
Not so.
He was another great guy, very personable.
It's his job to sell me maintenance, etc.
and I was thrilled with the deal I got.
I was in and out of his office in about 15 minutes.
Kim McKay made a follow up call to be sure I was happy with my purchase.
She was also kind and very respectful.
I told her I was thrilled with my experience from start to finish there.
I had a couple of add-ons for the vehicle that I needed to go back in for and the service guys were fast and efficient.
I had a rental car in minutes while they kept my new one to work on.
This is a slick operation and I've never seen such a high level of customer service skills.
Roger Williams, the accessory sales manager was extremely courteous and helpful.
The only thing I was a little disappointed in was the bluetooth I had installed only works when I receive a call, not when I make one.
I guess I should have asked more questions.
However, Roger made a point to research it and I heard back from him in under 1/2 an hour.
When I took the car back in, I met with Dennis, the man I was supposed to buy from in the first place.
He was just as wonderful as he'd been all those months prior.
Personable, respectful and kind.
He's great.
There was not one bad or negative experience in my purchase, and I think I found the place I will get all future vehicles.
I absolutely LOVE my new RAV4 and though I could have gotten it anywhere, I had a very wonderful experience buying it through the Camelback dealership.
Thank you all so much.
It made a big purchase that is usually high stress very enjoyable!
I had never been to this dealership before, but my Mom gets all her service for her Prius there...and I will never go anywhere else!
Teresa Moore

I've been going to Camelback Toyota since the end of 2009 when I began my search for a TRD Off Road Tacoma.
I had a VERY specific vehicle that I was looking for, with almost no room for variance.
Black, manual, V6, TRD Offroad package (factory rear locker), access cab; my only "wiggle room" was the year/mileage.
My dealings with the sales department were as you would expect with any traditional car dealership.
Miscellaneous chit chat about the weather and my profession and where I might travel to in the upcoming months, etc.
I did not need to bother with all of that.
I knew what the trucks are worth, and EXACTLY what I was looking for.
I was willing to wait, and to pay for this specific truck.
First, they could not source the vehicle, but somehow I could.
If they had spent an extra 10 minutes once in a while to do some searching online, they could have transferred the vehicle from the dealership in Iowa and closed a sale.
Instead, I just went and got it myself.
I made about 5 physical visits to the dealership and had about 15 phone conversations.
They tried many times to sell me something they had in inventory (which I get) but you'd think that after I turned down 4 other trucks I was pretty set on what I wanted.
That ended my dealings with the sales department.
Since taking delivery of my Tacoma, I have been patronizing their service department with numerous let-downs along the way.
There have been two that might have sealed the deal for me never to return for service.
First, there was a leaf spring TSB (service bulletin) which I requested to have performed on the truck.
The truck was ONE MONTH out of warranty and it was denied.
I spent about a week of back and forth with Toyota of North America to negotiate the repair.
The service department did not advocate on my behalf at all.
I was left high and dry.
In the end, I bypassed the entire Toyota Motor Corporation and repaired the leaf springs myself.
$150 to add an extra leaf.
$1500+ for the factory repair, negotiated down to $500.
In addition, I brought the issue up to the service adviser MONTHS before the truck surpassed the warranty period.
It was always stated that everything was "within factory specifications" until the truck was out of warranty.
Today, I had another experience which will probably end my relationship and patronage of their service department.
There has been a VERY loud clunk/pop sound coming from my front suspension for a few weeks now.
I brought the truck in and reproduced the noise.
It is VERY apparent that it is the suspension.
I received a call later in the day that the tech has chased the noise down and says it's due to the fact that I have non-oem brake pads in the truck.
Now, I can change brake pads in my driveway with very little difficulty, but I am willing to pay the almost $300 as long as my service adviser will guarantee this will solve my clunking issue.
He reluctantly does.
20 minutes later I get another call.
Now he starts talking in circles about non-oem brake pads and non-oem suspension and how essentially the MINOR modifications I've done to the truck are causing the issue.
I say, "don't bother washing it...
I'm coming to get it now".
I get back to the truck and not only am I out a day's worth of a rental car, but my dog barrier has been completely knocked out of place, the dog mat has been pushed to the rear of the truck and the seats are moved all the way back.
Okay, doesn't sound like a big deal, but it takes about 15 minutes to line everything back up on the dog barrier.
It's 115 degrees in Phoenix.
In the end, the noise was caused by nothing more than a not-quite torqued lower control arm nut (could have rattled loose from my last alignment).
It was one of the things I asked them to check in the first place.
I wouldn't have cared if they had charged me for 1/2 hour labor to tighten the one nut since my hand is recovering from a break and I can't do it myself.
It took a local garage 10 minutes to diagnose and fix the problem.
They said it was so simple and easy it wasn't even worth charging me.
I am not kidding.
$0.00.
Desert Rat Off Road in Tempe, AZ.
I can only say that I feel horribly sorry for anyone who might take their vehicle into the service department without a pretty good knowledge of their vehicle.
I understand that yes, there are some simple non-oem parts on my truck but Camelback Toyota actually refers people to have spacer lifts installed on their vehicles through the dealership.
A spacer lift changes the geometry of the suspension in a way that the vehicle can no longer be aligned to factory specs.
I'm giving Camelback Toyota 2 stars because their Cashier, Parts and Rental departments are FANTASTIC.
It's such a dichotomy between the two sides, it's ridiculous.
The service advisers are all good guys and try and provide good customer service but there's a breakdown between the techs in the back and what happens on the customer's end.

I recently bought a certified pre-owned Tacoma from Camelback.
Aside from the usual used car tactics, their support staff needs improvement.
When I got the truck it was late at night, so my husband brought it back later in the week for it to get "detailed.
" He waited for two hours and when he went to ask how it was coming, they didn't know they had the car.
Then I came back a week after we first took home the car.
I was dropping of the check from my bank.
I was trying to give them money for a car I already took from them.
It took 45 minutes for someone to collect the check, when it took less than a minute to look at it and say everything was good.
I understand that we've already "completed" our business, but Camelback Toyota needs to work on their follow up.
Next time I'm going to Avondale Toyota.

I have been to this Toyota Dealership before for my car's service, but this time I felt I needed to write a review because it was a very good experience.
The last one was fine too, but this one deserves some recognition.
When I pulled into the service reception area (garage) I was greeted promptly, told them why I was there (made an appointment for an oil change - 50k service), signed the appropriate paperwork and went into the building to go to the waiting area.
On the way there I stopped at the parts department to see if they had anything I wanted.
I did get some touch-up paint for my car and that was even reasonably priced for a dealership.
When I went to pay for the paint I noticed a sign that said "Free iPad use while waiting" so I asked about that, signed the check out sheet and had a shiny new (?
) iPad in my hands.
While sitting and playing with the iPad I saw quite a few people using their little cafe area to get coffee, bagels and other snacks.
So...I wandered over there to see what I could find since I only had a coffee before heading up to the dealership.
They had a cooler with all sorts of sandwiches, drinks, etc.
I asked how much the coffee and bagels were and was told that they were free...free?!
Yep.
So I grabbed a bagel, cream cheese and a coffee, and sat in the cafe area drinking my coffee, eating a bagel and playing Scrabble on the iPad.
I did beat the machine at normal level so next time around I am going to step it up to difficult.
When the service person came to tell me my car was ready he also explained that I had a recall on the car and they took care of that too.
I have a Prius so they wanted to fix something that didn't need fixing.
There was that whole BS about the gas pedals sticking so the gov't made Toyota replace some parts so that the floormat wouldn't get stuck under the gas pedal.
Whatever.
I've had this car since it was new in 2007 without a single issue with anything!
The service people were very friendly and did not try to talk me into anything I didn't need so the visit was a relatively inexpensive one.
I will definitely go back to Camelback Toyota for my services and when I need a new hybrid or electric vehicle they'll be on my list for my next purchase.

After reading some of the horror stories of when they were located at the old address, it seems that they've really stepped up their customer service in the new location!
Today, I am a proud owner of a new Prius and I was very pleased with the staff at Camelback Toyota!
My sales rep was Adam and he was friendly, helpful, considerate and not pushy in any way.
Everyone was very nice and they even bought me lunch from Chipotle since there were no vegan options in their cafe.
They were extremely helpful and I was quite impressed.
The only reason I gave four stars is because of the wait to get into financing.
I'm not sure of the exact reason for the hold up (something to do with additional information about my trade-in vehicle that they needed), however, once I got in there, we were done within 18 minutes - yep!).
No high pressure to purchase additional warranties either - I politely declined and he quickly moved on.
This location is much less intimidating because the managers sit out in the middle of the showroom floor and interact with the customers.
Once in delivery, the Customer Service Manager came out and introduced herself (along with providing her contact information) should I need anything.
Adam also provided his cell number should I have any questions about the car (as most new hybrid car owners do).
All in all, the best car buying experience I've had yet!
I shall post again after my first service appointment ... thanks!

Went to Camelback Toyota for brake work- and left with a $1,600 + bill.
After putting my car up on the rack, I'm told that I need some work done where they take apart my entire engine and put it back together again.
Supposedly some piece of rubber is "drying out" and my car will be in - I'm paraphrasing here - "big trouble" if I don't get this part replaced.
Righhhhht - here's why I don't believe that was actually a real problem that needed immediate - or perhaps any - fixing.
Later that day, I saw that the same individual who was in charge of my car repairs had a woman in his office in tears - literally crying her eyes out because of, presumably, a huge repair bill.
I suspect she was being taken advantage of as well.
What's more, this Toyota offers fewer discounts than the Toyota in Avondale.
After I went home, I called Avondale Toyota and discovered that they would have not only charged me a smaller price for my brakes, but also would have offered an additional special discount.
Ohhh, here's the best part for last: on my repair bill, the mechanic or repair manager listed "car is from Northeast" in an attempt to justify the need for more expensive brake work.
You can come to Camelback Toyota for repairs, but I guarantee you'll be dealing with crooks.

My Land Cruiser makes a trip to Toyota Camelback and I always appreciate that no one tries to sell me anything because its pretty rare that it needs anything.
The waiting room at the new facility is awesome and there's never a long wait.
Book your appointment online and it should be a great experience for you too.
John

Back again today for a regular service and once again everything is perfect.
Sitting here using their free WiFi and drinking a free decent cup of coffee, free bagel and free apple.
No unnecessary pressure when I dropped my car off to spend more on services I don't need.
That is very important.
- Had to knock them down a star.
They sent over a service (sales) person who tried to get me to buy a bunch of unnecessarily overpriced services.
No thank you!
I can change my own air filters for so much less, my rotate/balances are covered and most of the diagnostics are BS.
Stop charging so much for so little.

Camelback Toyota offers great service with super new facilities to keep their customers busy while they wait.
I'm grateful for the free wi-fi and cafe.
I haven't used the service yet, but they also allow you to check out an iPad while you wait.
Neat-o!

Since I have had my Toyota I have taken it to the dealership for regular service (5000k, oil change +).
Upon moving to PHX, I hit a critical maintenance point (based on my owners manual), 60K I needed to get a few more things looked at and decided to schedule one of their package services the prices looked relatively reasonable for what they listed as part of that service.
(taken from their web site)  FOR 2003 & NEWER TRUCKS  INCLUDES:  * Replace engine oil (up to 5 quarts)  * Install Genuine Toyota dual-stage oil filter  * Rotate tires  * Balance Tires  * Replace engine air filter  * Replace cabin air filter (if equipped)  * Inspect and service brakes  * Inspect EFI system  * Check for diagnostic trouble code(s)  * Lubricate drive shaft bushing*  * Lubricate propeller shaft  * Replace limited-slip differential fluid, if equipped  * Replace spark plugs**  * Re-torque drive shaft bolt  * Re-torque propeller shaft bolt  INSPECT THE FOLLOWING: Automatic transmission fluid, ball joints and dust covers, drive shaft boots, engine coolant, exhaust pipes and mountings, fuel lines and connections, fuel tank band and vapor vent system hoses, fuel tank cap gasket, manual transmission oil, radiator core and condenser, steering gear box, steering linkage and boots, transfer case oil.
It also included a basic car wash.
The price of the package was $298...when I mentioned the online coupon for $289 they honored that price.
They hooked me up with a rental car ($35 which he said he would refund the base cost I would just be responsible for $7ish in taxes.
) OK...this all seemed reasonable.
I left my vehicle as they said the service and inspections would take a few hours.
In typical Service Department fashion they call about an hour into service and told me that my serpentine was showing cracks (expected this as this was the original belt and I do reside in the dry SW), my battery was failing on load (Ok this is also my original battery, expected) and they were recommending the Fuel Injector cleaning service they offered.
Declining the fuel injector cleaning, I also declined the battery change ( I can do that myself), while I have done the serpentine in the past on my old pre Toyota SUV, I decided to just let them change it out.
(WOW an extra $200...$100 for parts and $100 for labor).
Maybe I should have done it at home.
[When I reviewed my receipt the other services I declined were going to total another $400 extra...WOAH!
] Good thing I declined.
I left paying almost $600 breathing a sigh of relief that I decined those other service.
Other than the sticker shock I can say I was pleased with the quality of the service I received.
The service employee (West) who assisted me was very friendly, as was the lady at the rental counter.
They called me when my vehicle was ready and I was quickly able to pay and leave.
While I may just stick to taking my vehicle into the dealer every other oil change,  I am sure I will choose Camelback Toyota in the future for that service.

Bought our used ford focus here a few months ago and brought it in today for an oil change.
Fast, helpful service and they even filled and rotated our tires!
We walked over to the biltmore mall while they worked, but I noted the sign that offers their guess the ability to borrow an ipad while they wait.
That's pretty cool.

I brought my car in for a Toyota recall.
I guess it was time to get the death trap fixed.
This review is for the Service Department.
The waiting area is sick.
They give you an iPad to play with.
There are private rooms with massage chairs and TV's.
The cafe is well-stocked with fresh fruit, bagels, juices, teas, and coffee.
All for free!
The best part about this place is you won't get dicked around.
I brought in a car with high mileage, and they didn't even try to sell me on any services.
Not even an oil change.
They told me my car would be done in 90 minutes.
I was out of there in 57.
Nice work.
Oh yeah...and I got a free car wash.
Thanks for everything Camelback Toyota!

I can say that I was extremely happy with the new car buying process here.
They are fast and the sales guy was really pleasant.
I got a great deal on a new Corolla, the place was clean, the service area is impressive.
After shopping around at Hyundai, Kia, and Nissan, this place was sooooo much better.
I am so happy that we bought our 10th Toyota from here!

My wife and I just purchased a Prius from Camelback and they've really changed my viewpoint that all car salespeople are shysters.
Adam our salesman and Richie the manager went out of their way to make it a smooth deal.
There was never any pressure.
As long as you understand that they are in business to make money, you will get a very fair deal.
The dealership itself is awesome.
When our car was ready for delivery it was already in the new car garage and detailed.
Adam was very patient with us as we combed the car for any scratches.
When my wife found a tiny scratch they immediately had it buffed out and helped us look for more.
Adam then went over a very detailed explanation of the car and reviewed with us all the warranty and owners manuals.
In the past, most car dealers couldn't wait to get you off their property with the car.
Not this one.
Richie the sales manager came over to make sure everything was ok and if the car was delivered as promised.
Adam patiently answered all of our questions.
I wouldn't hesitate to buy a Toyota from these guys again.
Just remember, they need a fair profit as much as you need a good deal.
They will work with you to get what you need.

Time for a review update.
I traded in my car, and drove home with a new Toyota Corolla, and then eventually...a Toyota Camry.
A little backstory.
My 4Runner was a 2005, with about 130k miles.
The car had run its course, and I wanted something smaller, gas efficient, and reliable.
Clearly, I didn't care about the sexy factor, because if I did, I'd be driving a Maxima.
In any case, I had a set budget, an ideal selling price for my car, and terms that I did not want to sway from.
I walked into this dealership with all information in hand (credit reports, title for old car, etc.
) I had already done my homework.
My first couple sales guys were Elvis and Andrew.
They were pretty cool.
As soon as the negotiations started, I dealt with Boo.
Yes, that's her name.
After some back and forth, and bulldog negotiating, we came to terms with a Corolla.
Fine.
NBD, right?
Well, the next day I got a call from a higher up at the dealership, who said I needed to come in.
When I came in, I was told that my payment would go up because of a mixup with the banks and the people running numbers (they were closed on Labor Day).
Apparently, the bank wouldnt process the deal.
After some awkward and tense conversations, we came to terms on a Camry (which was still within my budget).
I got a better car, than I had originally planned.
Looking back, I'd definitely buy another car from these guys again.
Toyotas (aside from that recall thing that was sensationalism at best) have a history of having reliable cars, with the highest trade-in value.
I know this because in my family, we've owned five, prior to this.
The dealership, more specifically Kevin Brown, Andrew, Elvis and Michael--all went out of their way to make sure that I was happy.
Buying a car is never easy or fun.
It's full of awkward negotiations.
Plenty of back and forth.
Everyone at this dealership is true to their word.
If you want to know about the great service department, read my previous review.
Over and out.

Just avoid!
Crooks!!!
Bumper to bumper warranties are not that... BEWARE

Awesome service, no haggle, most modern building and service at the dealership.
Haven't dealt with their service department, but their internet and in-person sales was awesome.
Be careful about which extended warranty you go with - but you already know that!

We just purchased a  2011 Prius from Camelback Toyota and received a great deal!
The sales staff were great especially Craig Rusin.
They gave us a thorough review of their facility and the services offered, their new location is beautiful!
BJ & Andrea F.

Camelback Toyota doesn't have this big, beautiful, new facility on 16th Street, for nothing.
I know I put more than my share of my hard earned money into that building.
The last time I left tracks in this garage was after I was up-sold a ton of work that my SUV did not need at the time, to the tune of some nearly $2,000 - when I had gone in for a regular oil change.
The car repair sales associate, Damion, seemed surprised when I requested the replaced parts after they finished all the work he "recommended" (scare tactic is more accurate).
One freshly replaced part "...couldn't be found.
"  (Interesting, in light of the fact that they had just finished it.
)  The rest of the parts didn't seem to show enough wear to warrant replacement, in my opinion.
So, I took them around for a couple of other neutral opinions.
Even un-prefaced by explanation, those opinions all concurred with mine.
I challenged the need for the work performed with Damion, at Camelback Toyota.
And although I didn't press charges in court (but did consider it, just didn't have any extra time to deal with it at the time) - this formerly, quite loyal, customer will surely never return to this "establishment" and now they have a really sour review too.
However, I have found solace in my car repair needs at 3A Auto Service in Sunnyslope.
At this well established, family owned business, I am not treated as "fresh meat" because I am a woman embarking on an oil change sans a male figure for protection.
To date, they have been honest about the work they have done and have been like a "husband" in that they provide a heads up as to what to expect for repairs or maintenance in the next few months.
This could be a grand, auto, love affair!
Rather than an auto affair that cost me grands!!
I give 3A Auto Service a 5 star rating - girls, you gotta go there!

Run away.
Every sleazy stereotype of a car sales can be found at this location.
Lies, manipulation, deception, and fast talking b.s.
are all on the menu and served fresh daily.
Walked away, nay ... ran, and never looked back.

Camelback is great!!
Kevin helped me get into the new Camry and I love it!!!
The apps on the car are so fun!!!!!
Thanks camelback!

In the fall of last year my wife, visiting from Flagstaff, took her 05 prius in for a regular maintenence checkup.
She was told that there was something drastic that needed repair to her car and it was expensive and it needed doing soon.
She wisely declined the job.
She returned to Flagstaff and took it immediately to the Toyota dealership in Flag and was told that there wasn't anything wrong with the car.
Then last month, I took my 07 prius in for a tune up and was told that there was some 600.00 dollars worth of repair that needed doing.
Mainly with oil systems.
Having learned from my wife, I delcined the work and took it to Flagstaff and found that one of the jobs was not necessary and the other job should have been included with the tuneup that Camelback T was supposed to do.
They charged over $200.
for the simple tuneup and then didn't do all the work.
When you look at the facility, you'll see it's modern and expensive looking.
Perhaps from bilking unsuspecting customers with sleasy practices.
Toyota on Camelback won't see me again.
Won't see you again unless you can't learn from other peoples experiences.
I don't know which dealership does fair and honest work but I intend to find out; Selling cars might be ok but repair is a gyp.

This review is for the service center:  I really actually miss going here for my regular oil changes, moved and the dealership out here.
The guys were great, I'd make an appointment and they'd take care of my car.
I didn't get up sold by a service manager on stuff that doesn't need to be done.
They completed the work on time.
My car was clean when I left and they'd scan whatever coupon special they had.
It was easy and they had friendly service.
Oh I also miss having Total Wine nextdoor to go to while getting oil changes :)

This last visit sealed the deal (for now) for me and Camelback Toyota.
I had a free oil change and after a repair done under warranty by RiverView Nissan (see review) I had a few parts missing.
Camelback Toyota took care of the missing parts and did not charge me.
Their facility is great, the upstairs quiet area (no kids) is great for adults who just want to wait in a semi-silent space for their car.
If you want to work with a great service manager, see Ed Hammer.
He has always provided courteous and thorough service.
I'm not a huge fan of going to dealerships, but Camelback Toyota has always done an excellent job for me.

Great service when I bought my new Toyota.

As far as car salesman, this place was awesome.
John dearmond was my salesman and he knew his stuff.
What I am complaining about is the service.
I went in trusting that Toyota since they have a "Toyota care" package...that they would care about giving me the best prices... being a girl I don't know anything about cars.. just like at danny's car wash they charged me up the wazoo.
I went in for an oil change and clips because the bottom of my car got screwed from my apartment complex.
Don't go anywhere unless you know people and are friendly with them that treat you right and will tell you exactly what you need.
$200 later for $20 clips for my car.. and I hate Camelback Toyota now, and will never take my car back to get serviced by them, no matter what it is.

Salesman was nice.
The manager was sleazy, not friendly and really into pressuring me.
I left with that icky feeling that you only get when you've stuck your hand into something that you can't get rid of even after washing several times.

Craig Rusin and everyone else at Camelback Toyota were great!!
Specifically, Craig helped me out over the phone for a few days and had everything ready when I arrived at dealership.
Craig, along with the business mgr, made my actual trip to pick up car enjoyable, and quick.
Customer Service is second to none!

After walking away from two other not so great experiences at other dealerships, our car buying experience with Craig Rusin and Tim Schaeffer was exponentially better.
They were straight forward, informative, and helpful without the typical salesy push.
An added bonus once we decided to buy was the family friendly areas.
Buying a car with two buy toddlers was a surprisingly pleasant experience.
Would definitely go back again!

I've never purchased a vehicle from Camelback but I love their service department.
They are really great!
I've been taking my 4Runner here since I got it, 2 years ago.
They have never pressured me in to unnecessary work and I've never felt like I was being taken advantage of.
I also really like their waiting area, it's clean and comfy and they have great coffee.
I will continue using Camelback for my service even though I have to drive pretty far and there's another dealership 5min.
from my house.

Craig Rusin is the guy you want to work with here.
Very personable, and makes sure you get the vehicle you are looking for.
Once you find the right car, he'll go over the features in great detail and make sure you know all about the options your car has.
I had an awesome experience with Craig at Camelback Toyota.
Their service department rocks also.
Camelback Toyota brings their 'A' team!

Put new tires on my Prius in California right before my annual drive to Arizona for spring training.
Unfortunately got a screw in one tire while I was in Phoenix which required a replacement.
Fortunately,  I had a two year road hazard warranty on the tires and was instructed to have the work done at a local Toyota dealership.
The Yelp reviews for Camelback Toyota were good so I called the next morning for an appointment and talked to Cole Bauer, who confirmed that the required tire was in stock and that I could have the tire replaced at 4:30 that day and that I should ask for him when I arrived.
Sounds great, right?!?
But - when I arrived at 4:30, I was completely ignored by everyone there in the service bay.
I stayed by my car for 15 minutes, then found Cole at his desk.
He not only had no recollection of our conversation that morning and no record of my appointment but also stated that the tire I needed was not in stock.
He called another dealer to see if they had it in stock and informed me that they did.
I thought that he was going to have it transferred somehow, but then realized that he wanted me to leave and go to the other dealer, 25 miles away, at 5 PM on a weekday with a spare doughnut tire on my car.
I was speechless and made sure to take his business card on the way out so I'd remember who was responsible for this fiasco..  On the way, I called the other dealership to confirm that they really did have the tire (Cole had NOT asked them to hold it for me)  and that someone could do the switch only to learn that their mechanics are usually gone by 5 pm.
See my review of the stellar service at Avondale Toyota if you want to know what happened next!

Called in the service department to request a price quote for lowering springs installation on my prius.
The person I talked to in the service department quoted me $750 just labor cost.
Their own website lists the price for the part and installation at $432.
Either the service staff has no clue what they're doing or it's just a robbery.

Had part replaced due to recall, now making odd noises from that part.
They want me to pay $100 to get it checked out.
How does that make sense?
Might be service tech's bad decision, but this does not make me want to continue to give them my money.

After some very stressful visits I came to Camelback Toyota and was helped by Jake Mooberry.
He was truly a pleasure to work with and I never felt hassled.
He listened to the kind of car I wanted and helped me to find it...
Highly recommend this salesman in particular.

I went to Camelback Toyota yesterday and purchased a new Corolla.
Ian Grundstrom was my salesman and he was amazing.
He took his time with me, explained everything, went over all my options and listened to what I wanted.
When it was time to meet with Finance I met with Rich Davidson and he was very professional and went over all my options.
I would highly recommend this dealership to all.
I even had the General Manager of the store come out and introduce himself to me right before I was handed the keys.
It was a great car buying experience!

My girlfriend and I leased her last 2 Corollas from Feisel at Camelback Toyota, and they were both great experiences!
I recently bought my new Tundra from Feisel, and it was also a great car buying experience.
Feisel  actually knows how to treat his customers with respect, and he makes the car buying process very transparent and low pressure.
Also, the service department here is top notch; both the advisers and the facility itself (except for the arrogant service greeter named Thom, but one bad apple can't speak for the entire dealership).
I hate the Van Tuyl group, so I am very surprised how one of their dealerships can actually leave a good taste in my mouth, but I would recommend them to anyone.

We've bought two vehicles from Camelback and are quite satisfied with their sales, parts, and service departments.
They have a strong veteran staff who are well-trained and seem to really love what they do.
They have such a high volume of clientele, they can keep their prices low.
But they do not lack in customer service.
We live in Goodyear, but we happily make the trip out to Camelback Toyota for their exquisite service.
Not to mention the facility is state-of-the-art.
I highly recommend this location if you are in the market for a Toyota.

This is a good place to buy a car if you deal with the fleet or Internet people.
We have bought several Toyotas in recent years  and three of four have been from here, as they beat significantly the best price we could get elsewhere.
But they are absolutely thieves when it comes to service.
Be very careful.
First of all, you must understand that all Toyota service managers are paid on a commission basis.
The more services they sell you, the more money they make.
They are not service managers; they are service salesman.
My two-year-old Avalon was due  a free detail from Camelback.
So I took it in.
While sitting in the waiting room I was amazed at the steady stream of service managers who would come in and tell their waiting pigeons  the long list of additional services they really needed in addition to whatever it was they had come in for.
Totally unnecessary things like power steering flushes, EFI services, transmission fluid plushes, etc.
These are all things for which they charge $100 to $300.
Then it was my turn.
My guy came in and told me I really needed new tires.
He was pretty embarrassed when I pointed out that the tires I had on the car had only 2000 miles on them.

Jack was a great help and a really sweet guy.
Had a great experience at this Toyota solely because of him.
Definitely went the extra mile for me!
I HIGHLY recommend d you request to see Jack when you visit this toyota.
He truly cares for his customers!

I had my car serviced here recently.
I was pleased I could have the appointment time I wanted with only a few days' notice.
My attendant was courteous, professional, and respected my decisions regarding my car maintenance.
I had two quibbles regarding my recent visit:   #1 - When they called with the inspection results and suggested additional maintenance, they gave me an expected time of completion.
When there was a delay, they didn't call me so I showed up at the expected completion time and my car wasn't ready for about another 90 minutes.
#2 - They washed my car but there were still spots on the hood from a recent bird bombing.
They did an excellent job wiping down and vacuuming the interior.

I took my 2001 Echo here to have it serviced.
I needed new rear struts.
Their price came in less than Meinke quoted by 80 dollars and they used top of the line KYB aftermarket struts.
Everybody I dealt with was very, very pleasant.
The new struts are awesome and smooth.
The facility is unbelievably luxurious with tons of comfortable seating, a cafe, internet, and a place for kids to play.
I don't have kids but I am very immature so I played the xBox for a while myself.
Upstairs are two private massage rooms.
I don't think you could possibly ask for more than that.

Outstanding service and extremely helpful staff!
Mike Miller went above and beyond.
to make sure I had great service and when I had a problem with my Navigation system everyone was more than ready to assist me.
I recommend them highly.

Yesterday I brought my Toyota Camry to Camelback Toyota for a warranty repair of the driver and passenger sun visors and after their "thorough 27 point inspection and alignment test," Ed Hammer in the service department came back to me with a laundry list of maintenance and repair work to be done on the car.
I was informed that my oil was really dark, that my oil filter was clogged, my breaks were shot and my rotors needed replacing, among other issues.
Interestingly enough, I had the car serviced the previous week, addressing all of these "issues" by my regular, reliable, well reviewed and trusted mechanic 180 Automotive.
When I told Camelback Toyota that they immediately started backpedalling on their analysis of the car.
Suddenly they said that they didn't see an oil sticker and came up with a myriad of excused for their ineptitude.
I thought this was a thorough 27 point inspection?
I did fail to bring up the point that Toyota claimed to have worked on the rotors the last time I brought the car into be serviced, after which my many suspicious led me to seek a reliable mechanic closer to where I live.
My eyes are wide open and this experience has led me to be completely unable to trust Camelback Toyota.
It appears the games that they play when selling the car clearly carry over into their servicing and I am no longer convinced that I can trust them for warranty work and will take the car to another dealership for warranty required service bulletins.
Camelback Toyota cannot be trusted to replace sun visors without an issue, I would not trust them for any sales or service related issue.
Consumer beware!

Sergio greeted me at the service reception area.
Did not have a appointment set and they accommodated me for my Yellow service.
A lot of the service advisors are approachable.
Nice facility and dealership.
Lounge can be quiet with complimentary fruits, small muffins, coffee.

Im a new refugee in united state; after one year I just plan to buy toyata camry from camelback toyota.salesman was david.he treated me good at first.I bought 2009 camry  camry for almost.
20.000, including everything.I was happy but after 4 months I got bad accident from other guys .again I went back to toyota dealer and bought 2012 corolla almost 22.000.but my choise was camry.I hoped that salesman david gonna help me but he forced me to buy 2012 corolla -for 75 months -every month at first he told me to pay 405 at first but I dinied to pay.I told him that I want to pay only 360 a month.again he told me to make 1000 down and told me to pay 400.
75 months.at last he told meto pay 395 and 1000 down for 75 months-at the same time other salesman came to me and said I will make a deal with him.
Salesman david went off.he told me to pay 1500 down and pay 365 for 75 months.I was amazed how these guys treat other.I said 0 down and 365 for 75 months.-just be careful with those salesman.but david was my salesman before and I said I wanna biy from david, at last I bought toyota corolla 2012 from david for 0 down 365 for 75 months-after one week I dont lije this corolla I went back again I told david I want 2012 camry with same price.
But he said I have to pay more-again we have discuss.
He told me to pay more bit I refused and said I dont want this car I will buy from other dealer .the salesman david threatened if you do t tske police will catch you-you must take it-he threathens me a lot-at last another salesman came to me -we talk for half an hour.he decide to give me 2012 camry for same price0 down 365 for 75 months-he told me everything about what to do and what not to.im driving 2012 camry for almost 9 months and I love it so much -im dilli bhandari.
And lots of thanks to my salesman fromcamelback toyota.but I forget my salesman name.guy be careful while buyig as you can saves thousands of dollar

I've been coming here for two years for service and I'm officially done.
I prefer to take my car to a dealership for service, which is why I've given them second, third, fourth chances, but this is it.
Two hours and still waiting for oil change and tire rotation.
I continue to try to find a non busy time for a quicker turnaround with no luck.
The service tech is patronizing and has no respect for a customer's time.
Even though it's farther for me, I will be going someplace else in the future.

Not a fan.
They emailed me after receiving 650 worth of work to say I still needed 900 more.
News to me.
When I emailed them back I heard nothing.
Hasn't fallen apart in the several months since so I guess it was a mistake.

I had the best used car buying experience here ever.
They were all so nice to work with from everyone starting with Rachel in sales and ending with Emad in the finance office.
The deal was relaxed, painless, and fast.
Even the sales manager was very friendly and easy to talk to.
Each person listened very carefully to me.
And when I needed help with a bit of a sticky situation they found a way to get the deal done.
Nothing but praise for all of the staff over there.
The best.

Skip all the craziness and just go to Miles Zeisberg to purchase your vehicle.
Of course, do your homework first, but that said, he is incredibly knowledgeable and helpful.
We went to other dealerships and salespeople were just making things up about vehicle features, pricing, etc.
What was most impressive about Miles is that even though we purchased the vehicle and probably would not be back any time soon to buy another, he still followed-up with us.
Then, a month later, we urgently needed a copy of some paperwork while we were out of town.
Even though the finance department was closed on a Saturday morning, he personally got the paperwork scanned and faxed to us immediately.
That is amazing service.
(Plus he has a great name for a car salesperson.
) Thank you Miles!

Just purchased my hybrid Prius from this dealer and the service was amazing!
I highly recommend working with Casey!
He was funny, not pushy, and very well informed.
He helped us get in and out in no time and gave us a fair deal.
We loved this experience and are very excited about going green and living Eco Friendly!

Both the dealership AND the salesperson were commendable !
Kent Trapp's years of experience doing one thing: matching customers to the car fitting their needs, is priceless.
I came in thinking I wanted a cute orange munchkin (Prius C) only to come to grips with the reality, my orange crush was a serious mismatch for the car's usefulness with respect to my work.
The dealership supported Trapp's desire to help me acquire a more appropriate choice by allocating a generous trade-in value for my car and by disclosing Toyota's mandate to offer a rebate for my paying for the car versus financing it.
I was thoroughly irked when I realized that a different Toyota dealership felt justified in ignoring the Toyota's rebate mandate.
We are talking about $1,000!
Kent Trapp taught me to pair my dumb phone with the car's Blue Tooth and introduced some additional "fun" features of my vehicle AFTER the sale had been completed.
Trapp is intelligent and sensitive to specific car issues.
He did not hesitate to have a beeping feature modified by their service department.
I honestly had a positive car buying experience, thanks to this gentleman.

I am so happy we bought our car from Camelback Toyota!
We got the car we wanted for less than we expected to pay and that was with an 84 month warrenty!
Everyone was very helpful and we  had such a good experience!
No games, just great service!
Wahoo!
Thanks camelback toyota!

I came here for an oil change for their yellow service.
Customer service was great here!
They answered my questions about my auto light, key sensor, and trimming around car.
Plus, they gave me a booklet with recommended changes which was changing out brake fluid.
Furthermore, they weren't pushy when it came to the recommended services.
Might I note that I went to another Toyota place for service a while back and   didn't get a booklet or complete satisfied customer service.
I am sticking with Camelback Toyota.
I didn't mind the wait, a couple hours was ok with me.
While I waited, I used their wifi with my computer and drank some water.
Mind you, they do have coffee, ipads, and other assortment of finger foods.
I hear upstairs has massage chairs too, but I was ok down stairs :) This place is so roomy too for the service dept!
Idk I just can't say enough good things about this place.
I went to another place and was disappointed with them, but this place met all my expectations when it came to the service department.
PS.
Robert Gonzalez helped me and I'm planning on going back for my car's next service.
Thank you!
Like I said, I appreciated everything you and Camelback Toyota helped me with :)

My experience with this dealership was exactly why most people hate dealing with car salesmen!!
My husband and I had been searching for a used MINI Convertible to buy for our Daughter.
I found one online which directed me to Camelback Toyota.
I filled out the online info and was called shortly thereafter by Joseph.
I explained what we were looking for and he assured me this car was in great condition and to come on down.
I said we would be in that afternoon.
Not even 20 minutes later, I received a call from his manager asking if we were coming in or not.
I said I had just gotten off the phone with him a short time ago and that we were going to see several cars that day, but would be in that afternoon.
We decided to go to this dealership first and the second I opened my car door, I saw them coming at my like vultures!
I told them I was looking for Joseph.
They led me to another man (I can't remember his name) because they said Joseph was busy.
So I had to explain all over again what we were looking for.
They led us to the MINI and told my daughter to get in and start it up... it did not turn over.
The battery was dead.
We spent the next 20 minutes watching several of the men try to figure out how pop the hood open and then how to actually open it.
It was comical and aggravating to say the least.
Meanwhile, we noticed how badly scuffed up the rims were and how faded the side panel was.
All while they are telling us that only about 1% of what actually gets traded in makes it to the showroom floor because they have such high standards.
Once they finally jump-started the car we went for a test drive.
Now, no offense to the salesman, but he was a "BIG" guy.
He barely fit into the seat of this car and made the (already tight) ride very uncomfortable.
He spent the entire test-drive (sitting half sideways and crammed) talking and fiddling with all the knobs trying to figure out what everything does.
The car was driving with a lot of vibration and seemed very shaky.
My husband was driving and trying to hear the engine etc.
(doing his due diligence) and the salesman was cranking up the radio, showing off the "awesome" sound-system.
He was so obnoxious.
My daughter and I were sitting in the back noticing the fine details, like the broken drink holders and missing parts.
FINALLY, the test drive ended.
They immediately whisked us into the showroom and asked us what they could do to help us get into the car today?
We explained that we had several other cars to look at and that this was the first one we test drove, and weren't overly thrilled with it, and that we were patient buyers.
The next thing we know, there were 2 men at our table trying to persuade us... and then 3!!
It was ridiculous.
We asked to see the CarFax and saw that it already had 3 owners and was originally from the northwest, insuring that it had seen some years of snow.
That immediately ruled it out for us.
We explained we were not interested and the second we did, the Salesman got an attitude and left the table without saying a word.
We couldn't wait to get out of there!!
My husband and I have bought many cars through the years.
We have dealt with both "Good and Bad" dealers.
This is one I would say stay far, far away from.
I will follow-up to say that the next dealership we went to (BMW North Scottsdale) was a night-and-day comparison... as was the MINI that they had.
It was beautiful and well-kept and drove nicely... and started on the first try.
More importantly, they were low-pressure.
They listened to our questions and answered them too.
And I might add, we got an amazing deal on this (superior) car for THOUSANDS less than what Camelback Toyota was asking.

The service center was exceptionally accommodating.
They promised me specific times and came through right on time.
The wait lounge is comfy with lots of amenities to bide your time but of course there's always the courtesy van to take you home or shopping

My car buying experience was pleasant and easy.
The entire sales staff was friendly and patient with me.
I was dreading going to a dealership due to all the horror stories I've heard, but I was in desperate need of a new vehicle.
The staff wasn't pushy at all and helped me find a great car that I could afford.
I am very pleased with my experience and my purchase.
Thanks Camelback Toyota!

