Pretty easy trail compared to many others in the Valley.
The trail consists of an approx.
3 mi hike towards the mountain side.
It is mostly walking, with very little climbing at the end.
This climbing is necessary since you will go on top of some rocks to see a small running river, with a pond.
Of course over these smooth-edged rocks one will encounter most of the hieroglyphics!
Children can walk this pretty easy trail, so this should not be a worry.
As a warning, just like all trails I wouldn't recommend doing this during a rainy or HOT day.
Walking through a rocky and dirt trail can be dangerous and slippery.
Other than this I am a fan of any hiking area where the parking lot is empty!

Great, easy trail for the whole family.
The trail head isn't too far from the greater Phoenix area on the east side.
The directions to the trail head involve a lot of twists and turns through Gold Canyon, AZ, but it wasn't hard to follow.
(Tip 1.
At the time of writing this, the Google Maps location was a little off, but it wasn't hard to find on the Google map.
)   The elevation doesn't change much on the walk to the hieroglyphics.
And it is hard to get lost as you can see for miles in any direction for most of the trail.
(Tip 2.
Near the end, the trail peters off, but keep going and you'll find one or two pools of water depending on the season.
)  There will be more petroglyphs than you an shake a stick at.
It is a really nice ending to a pleasant hike.
However.
(Tip 3.
If you are more adventurous, you can scale one of the nearby ridges.
)  There are no trails beyond the pools, so you will need to rely on your own route finding skills.
I believe that the guide book wanted us to proceed in the direction the trail left off down the valley and then bend up the right along a ridge line.
We took the left ridge, and walked straight up.
The views from the top are spectacular.
This is a good option if you are looking for something more than a family hike.
Again, you are unlikely to get lost as visibility is high in most directions.

GORGEOUS!!
Get your hike on and walk off all that Mexican food and cervezas you had!
Beautiful trail on the north edge of Gold Canyon.

Love this trail!
Hiked it a number of years back with my family.
The superstition mountains are beautiful and full of life.
Just remember to bring plenty of water to drink and some good shoes.
Also, don't forget your camera!
You are gonna want it.... don't use this address to get to the trailhead.
It will take you to a gated community.
Just keep going North on Kings Ranch Rd.
and follow the little brown signs that say trailhead.

