I've never used a house cleaning service before Tulip, but I can see why people do after seeing how beautiful my home looks after two hours of their expert cleaning.
We bought the LivingSocial deal (2hrs for $49) and can say that we won't be going anywhere else for this service.
Tulip provides a professional, efficient service at a good rate and leaves your house looking brand new.
If you are looking for a great house cleaning service, check out Tulip.
You won't be disappointed!

I purchased a deal on living social for Tulip cleaners, and they more than exceeded my expectations!!
Not only did they clean what I asked, and thoroughly, but they brought 2 additional cleaners over to finish the rest of my house!
They cleaned areas better than ive been able to in years and were extremely polite and curteous.
I will recommend Tulip to all of my friends and family and hire them again in an instant!

We too bought the Living Social Deal, and I was excited to use my first cleaning service just in time for my brother and sis-in-law coming into town this weekend.
They showed up a half an hour early and got right to work.
Did a great job and was so happy to see our home clean and dust free!
With a dog and cat in our house, dust and hair build up pretty quickly, so I was impressed with how much they were able to conquer in just 2 hours.
That being said, I was told based on our square footage (1275), they'd be able to finish the house within the 2 hours.
They ended up not getting to the kitchen, and when I asked how much extra it would be, she said an additional $65!!
I have lots of friends who's cleaning ladies do the whole house for $65, so I wasn't about to pay this for just one room.
So I'll just have to clean the kitchen myself, not a big deal, but wasn't looking forward to this either.
Even though they did a good job with what they did do, I might have to go with one of my friend's ladies next time if Tulip's prices are really that high.

I also bought the deal and was very impressed with the job they did.
I don't know if my house ever looked that clean.
I am only writing this review much later because i was looking for them to come back for another cleaning and saw a few negative posts.
My experience was nothing  but positive.
I would definitely hire them again.

By far the best value in the east valley.
Lupita and her team do a very thorough job and don't waste time.
I've used other cleaners and they paled in comparison.
I will never use anyone else but Tulip.

Two women showed up to clean.
They did a great job on bathrooms, kitchen, blinds, etc.
My place needed it bad, I felt sorry for them afterwards, lol

I purchased a Groupon for this company and like another reviewer they NEVER SHOWED!
But let me start from the beginning.
I actually had to get Groupon Customer Service involved to even get the company to call me back (RED FLAG!).
Once they finally did, I scheduled my service quite a bit in advance.
The day of the service, I called when their arrival time came and went.
The individual who answered said that they canceled me as they had another cancelation during the day...now.. how is that MY problem.
She then said they called me a couple hours earlier (but not at the primary number I gave them!
) and left a message stating such.
They may do a good job at cleaning.. but I never found out.
However, if you actually expect any sort of customer service, DO NOT use this company.

This company exceeded all my expectations - and then some.
I needed my entire house scrubbed after my move out - and with 2 cats and 2 dogs, the hair was everywhere.
This was really going to be a challenge because I had bronchitis for the entire week prior to the move, so the cleaning had not been attended to.
I called Tulip Housecleaning and they were able to accommodate my scheduling needs easily.
Lupita brought one other person to clean the house, and they went through like tornadoes!
They were even doing the light fixtures and the fans!
The house sparkled for the new owners, Lupita found several items that I inadvertently left behind and I had ZERO stress (well, except for my own moving situation!
) I will call Tulip again, for sure!

Exceptionally awesome cleaning Crew.
Lupita was very nice and adjusted to our last minute schedule changes.
The crew did a wonderful job for our move out cleaning from our old place.
We wanted the house to be spotless for the next owners and they did it and even more than what we asked for.
Thanks a lot for helping me.

