At the suggestion I offer myself up for sacrifice from another Yelper I went here for lunch.
It is situated well back from the street in a strip mall.
The major tenant is Target and for spotting purposes El Paso (at least the building) is right on the corner.
I opted for the 1/4 lb burger and fries for $2.99.
With the addition of cheese and a shake the total came to $6.46 with tax.
I was an OK burger, it came with a large bunch of fries which were crispy on the outside and soft in the middle and lightly salted.
The shake came with spoon for a reason, no way could it be sucked through the narrow straw.
The menu board is sort of confusing and I should have picked up one of the to go menus as I noticed many folks ordered from that.
There are Gyros and Hummus which I would not expect to find in a burger shop.
I noticed several of the adults ordered Gyros so maybe I ordered the wrong thing.
This place is not fast.
When it gets busy, the food takes longer to arrive than to eat.
Unknowingly I arrived just as students from a nearby school were also arriving and even though I got my order in before them there were already several people waiting for their orders.
By the time I got my meal the place was standing room only and several kids outside.
I would say this is a popular hangout spot, even a couple of their teachers were there for take out.

Great place good burger best philly cheesesteak in arizona onion rings are great with I sweet hint in the flavor all food made to order so it may take some time but best burger I had for the price thay made me a big fan and well be back and back

Honestly...the burger I had wasn't that great...I experienced better.
I went there for lunch and there was like a young kid was taking my order...poor customer service...and my burger came on OK. Wasn't that great and kinda pricey.

The only reason I give this place a four star rating is because of the Gyro...
It is pretty good.
Not the best, but definitely good.
the burgers use to be way better.
I went here recently after having moved away and coming back and this was just tragic.
It use to be one of my kids and I favorite places for a quick stop in and bite to eat.

