I was referred to this company by my wedding venue which only allows a handful of caters to work at their establishment.
The first tasting went very well, when I emailed asking for specific items and made a second appointment that is when I was called an "over zealous bride.
" That the tasting was just to give confidence in his skills and that he would not be doing 15 tastings for one bride and that there are 10,000 other caters in AZ and to pick one of them.
The lack of professionalism was honestly astounding.
It has been the worst experience of planning my wedding and took me completely off guard as the flip from nice to disgustingly rude was instantaneous.

A Savory Affair catered my daughters wedding this weekend and they did an amazing job!
The food was absolutely delicious and they were punctual, friendly, helpful and professional.
Many people complicated us on the food and the menu that we had for the buffet.
Thank you Chef for helping to make my daughter's wedding fantastic and memorable!

I have to agree with Kim's review of the lack of professionalism by the owner, "Chef Timothy".
My daughter went with the pasta menu, and the noodles were disgusting.
Plopped and overflowing in this floppy aluminum container where it all clumped together was embarassing and nearly inedible for most of our guests.
We did not receive one compliment, and the food on most of our guests' plates was barely eaten.
A total waste of our money and food.
Plus, the appetizers included antipasto and  vegetables, served no less with absolutely no ranch dressing ... people were looking around for some sort of dipping sauce.
And, then I had to go back into the kitchen area and request more cheese and salami be put out on the table.
There stood 3 young people just hanging out doing absolutely nothing as I asked them to not let the appetizers run out.
They did not even have another platter prepared!
I watched one of the girls slowly put one piece of cheese at a time on a plate.
They just took their good old time.
I had to go around and tell our guests that more cheese and salami plates were being made.
By the time a platter was prepared and ready to eat, shortly thereafter, another person came out from the kitchen and took it away!!
Again, another huge embarrassment and waste of money and food.
On top of it, I could go on and on about the stressful and rude interaction with Chef Timothy.
He has an immense ego and if you let him do ALL the talking (and trust me, HE WILL  -- right over your own words and ideas), you may have a better outcome.
I can't help but feel his lack of attention and horribe food and service had everything to do with his ego.
He's in charge, right?
Even the food that had been dropped on the linens did not get cleaned up.
I went around and with my hands picked up dropped salad, crumbs, butter.
And, the messy cake knife and server with whipped cream, chocolate and crumbs was just left out on the table with the soiled napkins from the cake slicing ceremony.
I cleaned that mess up, too, so the dessert table was more presentable.
The only reason we went with this caterer is because we HAD to as part of the Regency Garden wedding venue contract.
To take it a step further on how bad all the food was, even the kids being served chicken nuggets and french fries did not eat all of their food -- their fries were stlll frozen when they bit into them!!!!
A disgrace for these things to happen when all you want is for your daughter to have the most special day of her life -- and the parents should not have to divide their time between being happy and celebrating or wanting to hide and cry because of basic food needs not being met for their guests on this once-in-a-lifetime wedding for their only daughter.

