Try the California burrito!

Great prices and salsa red and green.
Stick to the basics and you won't be disappointed

When I need my Carne Asada taco fix, this is my go to place!
Always friendly, quick, reasonably priced & the quality of their carne asada tacos is right on :) Plus, I like that they don't charge me for extra lime to squeeze onto my tacos, lol

I have never had a bad experience at this location.
The Carne Asada in anything is wonderful because try get their meet daily right down the street.
Bean Nd cheese burrito with Carne Asada.
Their 4 specials are well priced and leave you full.

Very, very good Mexican food.
My favorite is Carne Asada burrito.
wife like the chile rolleno(sp).
Fast friendly service.
Large portion, low price, I love this place.

Very very good!
Love the food!
It's always made when ordered and always has just enough toppings.
Very friendly service too.

Delicious!
The ceviche tostada and carne asada tacos are my favorite.
Very clean environment, the staff are always friendly.
Anything you eat will be worth it.

Great little taco shop in El Mirage.
Everything cooked to order.
Recommend the Machaca and Carne Asada!

Awesome Carne Asada tacos!!
Really tasty.
Nice charbroiled steak and fast and friendly service.
Can't go wrong.
Can't wait to try more.

Tried the carne asada Torta today and it was pretty good.
Good place if you're looking for a true inexpensive Mexican food restaurant in El Mirage.
Very clean with friendly staff.

Very clean restaurant not far from Surprise Ball field.
Horchata was too sweet, carne asada was pretty bland but it was high quality meat.
The chile relleno was quite impressive!
The chicken sope was decent but the masa was a little too firm to cut through without a knife.
Got our food very quickly.
Disappointed there weren't chips and salsa...I felt like I got half a Mexican dinner.
:).
This was average Mexican taqueria to me...but I'm spoiled in California.

Good carne Asada in El Mirage?
I guess it is possible because Humberto's delivered in a good way during a recent visit in this outpost of a town.
There was not one piece of grizzle or fat in the entire two tacos, which already is a good start.
I do like my carne a bit thinner, but this version, despite needing some extra chewing, was still quite tasty.
The tacos were loaded to the brim with meat and just a dusting of guacamole and a splash of pico.
They gave you red and green sauce on the side, both of which were on the mild side.
Only other small issue is that they need to double-wrap the tacos because we had a taco malfunction halfway through numero uno.
Regardless, at $2.80 per taco, these puppies aren't worth a special trip here, but if your in the area, you will be happy with your order.

Ok.
So....
Being a Latina and living in AZ all my life, I know some good Mexican food when I see it/eat it.
This place USED to taste good a few years ago, Well not so much of good food this time from My husband and I's experience.
I ordered a bean and cheese burrito wet, aka enchilada style.
First off, I don't think the cashier understood too well, however, she was polite and seemed like she did, anyway, didn't get it wet when my order was served,  but they fixed it at "no charge".
Long story short, my beans didn't have any flavor and didn't taste "fresh", the enchilada sauce tasted as if it was from a can, my husbands fish tacos were soggy, no flavor, and chewy (batter).
The red and green Chili/salsa was good though...I had to pour it on my food to give it flavor.
Overall I felt it was a waste of money.
Very disappointed :-(

