I had such high hopes for this place.
This is owned by a timeshare company that I have used many times.
I have always been reasonably happy with their places.
This place showed up as being about $300 per night, so it looked as if it should be GREAT.
First thing we noticed is that this place is south Phoenix.
It is close to the airport, but really away from most other things (though easy fwy to just about anywhere in the area).
It is near South Mountain and if you venture away from the resort just a little, you will notice that you are not really in the best part of town.
There are some pretty low income areas within about a mile radius (in any direction).
The resort itself is rather self contained and tucked in off the main street.
There are two gated communities of homes that are private ownership within the complex along with the many timeshare/rental resort buildings surrounded by the golf course.
The course is the first thing you see and it is very well kept and looks to be a beautiful course.
(Not being a golfer, I cannot give specifics).
The two story condo buildings all around the complex appear to be nice and relatively new.
They have beautiful lawns and well maintained courtyards within each building.
Each unit also has either a balcony or deck area with chairs.
The clubhouse and main check in are toward the back of the property and area gorgeous.
Very nice buildings with great landscaping around them.
There are also 2 tennis courts, a sand volleyball court and a sand kids play area.
The pool on the far side of the clubhouse is HUGE and very stunning.
Larger than most resorts I have been to.
There is also a bar and great area for laying out or playing with the kids.
So, why is it a 2?
Well.
Lets see.
The studio condo that we stayed in was nice, but immediately upon entry we noticed that it smelled of smoke.
We did not want to make waves, so we just delt with it.
The kitchen appears to have been redone with tile counter and nice appliances, but the rest of the room looks like 1980's indian wallpaper and decor.
The sliding screen on the door to the patio was broken and off track.
Our sliding door to the bathroom would not close.
And that is only the beginning.
Those are all superficial and could be overlooked if all else was well.
WE very quickly noticed that the walls and floor in this place were like rice paper, THIN THIN THIN.
We could hear every word of conversations, running and even walking of every footstep of the people above us, the tv left on in the next room all night until the phone rang at 7am and the gentelman turned it off, the new neighbor checking in to his room at 1130pm, rolling his bag over the tile, hanging his close on the hangers in the closet and then going to bed to be awakened at 630am by a phonecall when he left, two people having a normal volume conversation until 330am in the next room of which we could make out every word, etc.
I think you get the gist of it.
I would really like to rate this place higher since the amenities and the resort itself area really very good.
They have so many free things to offer and are really pretty good about their customer service.
But, how can you rate a place any higher than a 2 when you are paying $300+ a night and cannot sleep.
We overheard an entire line of people in line checking out complaining about similar situations and the lack of quiet.
Thank goodness I did not have to pay nearly that amount to stay here, but its still a 2.
If you have kids and really do not need to sleep at all, this place may be for you.
It is likely that I will not ever go back here.
I would rather stay cross town at their sister resort that is not quite as nice, but newly remodeled and quiet!

I want to preface this review with the disclaimer that I have not actually stayed here.
However, I have used the facilities, seen the rooms, and gotten feedback from my parents, husband's mother, my uncle, and my grandmother, who all stayed here.
That being said, I think that I can still provide useful feedback to potential guests.
My two cents:   This is a well-maintained resort with an absolutely gorgeous huge pool that has stunning views of the golf course and of South Mountain.
As Jennifer P already mentioned, it is not super-close to anything particularly nice or interesting (except for The Farm at South Mountain, which is literally next door and features a great breakfast eatery, a decent sandwich place, and a oft-written-about dinner restaurant serving cuisine that features locally grown and sustainable ingredients), but is definitely centrally located and convenient (by freeway) to downtown/central Phoenix and Tempe and close to South Mountain (for hikers).
Also, if you live in South Phoenix (like I do) and have relatives in town, this is by far the nicest place in the area that you can suggest and has a calmer, more adult-oriented feel than the Arizona Grand Resort (which is on the border of South Phoenix and Tempe).
As far as the rooms and noise level, none of my relatives mentioned any problems.
The rooms (all suites) were well-maintained, clean, and all had kitchenettes.
One major drawback is that because of the all-suite setup, which features about 10 different buildings (labeled with letters), you can end up in a room that is really far away from the lobby and pool.
When we went over to swim with my grandma, we ended up driving from her room to the pool area!
As I already mentioned, the pool is gorgeous and we spent an enjoyable few hours by it.
We were a little dismayed, however, that the bar had a sign listing its daytime hours but wasn't open at 4 pm when it said it would be.
None of my husband's or my relatives paid more than $120 to stay at the resort (most likely due to the fact that fewer people decide that Phoenix is the ideal August travel destination!
), and given that they all wanted a place to stay that was comfortable, clean, and attractive, as well as close to our South Phoenix home, it worked out quite well for them.
However, I can see how someone traveling to the area who doesn't have friends or relatives in South Phoenix (or have a strong interest in simply golfing and swimming at the resort) would be disappointed to pay $300 to stay here.

I really enjoyed my stay at Legacy.
I was there for 7 nights for a work trip  and it was almost perfect.
The check in process was simple and fast and the front desk girl was really sweet.
My room was the most basic one, but it was huge and had a sitting area, dining table, big balcony, kichenette, and washer and dryer (besides the king bed, tv, dressers, bathroom, etc).
Being there for 7 days, all of these came in very handy!
The property is huge, with a nice pool, kids playground, and golf course.
The restaurant is okay (ate dinner there one night) but nothing spectacular.
The cleaning ladies did a great job every day and it was so nice to come home to a clean room, with new packets of coffee and dish detergent every day.
I met the assistant GM too while we were there and he was great!
Super accommodating and just a really nice guy.
The location is out of the way with not a whole lot nearby.
However, the airport was 10 minutes away and all the great restaurant in Phoenix were only about 15 minutes away.
I really enjoyed my stay and would definitely stay again!
PS - found for about $120 a night on travelocity, which I thought was a fantastic deal for this kind of resort.

This review is just for the golf course.
Looks like some people have already reviewed the course under resort listing, so I'll just put it here.
I just love playing at the Legacy.
Something about the place leads to a great day for me and my friends every time we're out there.
As other reviewers mentioned, the course is in great shape year round.
The course itself is fun, no gimmicky stuff, but still has lots of character.
Very playable, but the bunkers can really get to you.
The practice facility is one of the better ones in town, too.
Overall, it's a great golf facility.
Good staff, good F&B, great course, and very good practice area.
The rates get high in season, but good deals can still be found via golfnow.com.
I've scored some $40-50 rates in peak season as a twosome.
Summer rates go for about $30 on golfnow.
Some may not see the Legacy as a 5-star facility, and that's understandable, but it's consistently a great time out there and I feel it deserves it.

This review is also just for the golf course.
This course is nice and wide open.
The fairways are wide, but there are lots of bunkers.
The course winds through a vacation home community and has water stops all along the way.
The carts are decent and the surroundings nice.
We weren't allowed to rive in the native lands but we fortunately did not need to too often.
We booked online and got a voucher for a free hot dog and drink at the turn.
There was also a popping pool party going on with a DJ that we could hear and see from one of the holes on the back 9.
Would have loved to have jumped in a pool right after the round.

Legacy sets the standard for resort courses in Phoenix (actually, the standard is much lower!).
The course is excellent, with perfect conditioning, soft sand, and wide open fairways.
The practice facilities are convenient, and water is plentiful (which is nice during the summer).
This is also one of the best deals you'll find, with summer rates at $20-$30, depending on the time.
Can't beat that for this quality.
And I suppose it also helps that I had one of my best rounds here, avoiding anything worse than a triple bogey (unbelievable for me).
This definitely deserves a spot in the rotation.

Stayed here once in 2006 and had roaches in the room.
Now in October of 2010 my husbands company had an incentive trip.
6 people so far have been hit with credit card fraud!
The highest victim got hit for a 1200.00 purchase on the same card used to check in.
Stay away or monitor your credit after staying here!!!!!!

LOVE this place!
Great food, great pro shop, pretty good spa, nice large rooms, and fun pool!
The greens fees are reasonable and the course is always nicely manicured!
Very friendly people all around too!

I do not golf.
I started here while in town on business.
It would have been great if the family was here.
It its amazingly nice.
Much better than other SVC locations I have been to.
(by this I mean stay away from the Peacock in Anaheim, Ca.

We have stayed here over 20 times in the past 12 years - grounds are beautiful - rooms, decor OLD!
Rude check in Sun eve - first time we had to pay additional $ to stay in a unit away from the parking lot - $25 to stay near pool and $10 to stay with view other than autos :(.
No newspaper delivered at the door now as we are not elite guests - silverware drawer has coffee grounds, frig door dirty - the daily clean rooms are nice - the real workers are sweet, helpful and respectful but the overall cleanliness does nit rate any grade - next visit will NOT be here but I'll miss walking the Vineyard Rd, the canal, Summers Fruit Basket on baseline and the Farm - a must visit for lunch!!!

Just stayed here for the weekend since my friend got married right down the road.
Everything was great for the most part.
The restaurant was pretty good & not absurdly priced.
We ate there both mornings.
Golf course was nice as well.
I would like to give the place 3.5 stars but I'm giving them 4 since that's not an option.
They do need to update the rooms.
They were very clean but a little outdated.

Staying here with my boyfriend.
Beautiful grounds, very well maintained.
I can't figure out what it is, but it smells amazing outside... Maybe sandlewood but I can't figure out what it is coming from.
The room is clean and comfortable.
They stock the bathroom with shampoo and conditioner (I'm used to just shampoo)!
Our room  has a nice mini fridge in it which has been convenient.
I asked housekeeping to leave me an extra bottle of conditioner via note and they left me three extra.
The grounds are immaculate.
The TV does seem a bit small compared to other places I've stayed at, but I wouldn't call it small either.
The room came with some nice tourist magazines, pointing us towards places in Phoenix to go.
I suppose the room could be a bit more modern, but it is quite nice regardless.
The bed is a bit softer than I'm used to, but i'm not very sensitive to that.
I'd stay again, but at the same time it's a bit different from a 4/5 star rated hotel.

Very nice resort.
Very spacious accomadation with full kitchen and laundry.
I left a couple of belonging and they were able to return them promptly.
If ur not gonna make full use of the resort i wouldnt recommend it as it could be up there in price.

We stayed here to be near a party in Ahwatukee for Memorial Day.
Lovely grounds .. beautifully manicured and really lent a sense of being at a resort.
The casita studio we had was very nice.
Extremely clean and nice quality bath amenities.
Very comfortable bed.
All of the furniture was in good condition.
Having a lanai that looked out on the grassy green landscape was delightful.
Easy check in, ample parking and the resort felt well tended and secure.
We did not golf or use the pool.

If you have to stay in Phoenix during the week, this deal cannot be beat!
I was dead tired at the end of my work day when I crashed here, so I can't speak to the amenities, however the room was cool, the bed comfortable, the staff friendly, and the price was unbelievable.
I would love to come back with the Mrs. and have a mini-vacation here one day, the cost of a round of golf for guests of the resort is really good, and the rooms include a sink, stove, and even a dishwasher, so it'd make a great mid-week vacation.
Also the french toast is excellent...
I highly recommend it.

I stayed here twice on recent trips to Phoenix and had great experiences both times.
We are Shell Vacation Owners and this is our "home" resort but we'd never stayed before and now I'm sorry we never did a stay-cation when we lived in Phoenix because it was great.
I booked a 1-bdrm unit both times and it was huge.
The bedroom was very large and the bed was super comfy, there was a very large Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom as well as a stand up shower and not one but two vanities.....one next to the jacuzzi tub and one in the other part of the bathroom where the shower and toilet were....this would have made it really nice for a  family or couple.
There as a nice sized kitchen with everything I needed for my stay....washer/dryer, dishwasher, stove, microwave, pots, pans, wine glasses, silverware, dishes, etc., a dining room with a table that seated 6 (which I ended up needing when family visited) and a living room with a sofa bed....oh and flat screen tvs with DVD players in both the living room and the bdrm.
Also, you either have a nice balcony or patio with chaise lounges which was really nice in the evenings.
The pool is really big with plenty of chaise lounges as well as tables and chairs with umbrellas.
It wasn't crowded either stay (tho I know this is low season in PHX).
I can't say enough about the staff....they were so polite and friendly and even remembered me when I came back the second time.
Though I didn't partake because with family living in PHX, I was gone a lot, there seemed to be plenty of activities for guests and the spa was having some great specials....next time, maybe!

Love the Legacy.
Construction is underway in the summer, so looking forward to the results.
The clubhouse restaurant could use a facelift.
Green fees aren't cheap, but the course is fun to play.

Beautiful set up.
Small condo type rooms with a small stove and clothes washer / dryer.
If I was in town for a few days this place would be perfect.
Rooms are nice and new.
The lady who checked me in was very nice and helpful (Emily).
Only bummer was that I could hear the guy in the room next to me on the phone.

I've played this course before and enjoyed it.
Just booked another weekend stay there along with other family (3 units total), planning to play another round here.
While it was too early for us to book the teetime when we booked the stay, the resort went ahead and booked a Saturday tournament so that none of the guests could play on that Saturday, which is a primary reason we chose to book at the Legacy.
They told me to book at a nearby golf course, but the cost was over $20 more per player, and not onsite!
Keep this in mind when you're considering your options.

Heaven only knows how much I LOVE staying at a local hotel, but I can't say that my stay here was planned at all.
In fact it wasn't.
I had a "close encounter of the HVAC kind" in the middle of the Phoenix summer.
So, I looked for a fun place to literally "CHILL" out until the problem with the A/C was fixed.
This resort is next to one of my favorite businesses and I heard a lot about the course over here, so why not make lemonade outta the lemons I was handed.
I spent 3 nights here and truly had a great time.
My favorite part about my stay was the pool area.
I had a fantastic time hanging out at the pool in the later part of the day.
The pool area is large with tons of seating and towel service.
There is a small wading pool for the younger kids.
This pool is truly relaxing as the crowd is more mellow and family-oriented and less of the "It's gonna be party y'all" crowd.
I stayed in a standard suite.
The room was pretty large and thankfully, the room had a washer/dryer and small kitchenette (Microwave, fridge, range top), perfect setup for my home away from home.
Although this room was their standard suite, the room, by no means, is the standard hotel room size.
The room was large with a king size bed and a sleeper sofa with a dining table in the seating area of the room.
Oh, and how could I forget to mention the spacious and relaxing terrace.
I fell asleep out on my terrace 2 of the nights.
Oh that terrace was a beautiful gift in the nice AZ late night of mid-September.
As with most resorts that I've been to out here, the rooms are somewhat outdated in some fashion, so this resort is no exception to that rule.
Hey, who cares if the room is outdated if you have free Wi-Fi!
And they had free Wi-Fi   The parking at the resort is free and there is ample parking.
The property is large, so, depending on where you are on the property, you may have to take your car to the pool or the front desk.
As far as food is concerned, there is an onsite restaurant that I did not patronize.
I'm not an expert golfer, but I play one on TV, so I know that this course is an inexpensive public course.
The course is absolutely stunning.
It was fun for me to be largely a spectator with the friends when I have "played" this course.
I'll be honest, I am a golfing companion.
But, this isn't a review of the golf course... this is a review of the resort....
This is a place that is good for retirees, lovers, business travelers and a golfing get away.
GirlFriend weekend, bachelor party, think twice.

This is a 3+ rating--  It was a great set-up for visiting my kiddos in Phoenix.
It was a great space, clean, the staff was extremely helpful.
Why not a higher rating?
I can't put my finger on it--it's like it could be just a little better, but they are stopping short on something...just don't know what.

Very nice layout Friendly reception staff; Nicole was great All the staff on the grounds were friendly & greeted you Watch out for the timeshare pitches Rooms were very nice; versatile kitchens The one bedrooms have one toilet and two sinks (one is a double sink) The couch folds out into a bed Some amenities provided; negative: 3 sinks, 2 soaps; ummm?
Good workout room; large swimming pool & restaurant at clubhouse Terrific golf course I would come here again

Very nice place to stay.
We stayed in a really nice suite.
The rooms are clean and beds are very comfortable.
The grounds are nice and the pool area is very clean as well.
The only problem was we had to change rooms twice before they got things right.
Other than that it was a pleasurable experience.

this place was great.
it was our yearly trip to visit the kids at school.
the resort was about 15 mins away from asu.
but it felt like we were on a far away vacation.
we got the one bedroom condo.
it was furnished with everything such has plates, pots, drinking glasses, etc.
the condo was nice and relaxing where we spent more time there.
the staff was great and very nice.
the landscaping was beautiful for Phoenix.

Good course with great practice putting green and practice driving range.
Condition is always top notch.
This is the course i played most... cos i usually stay here while i am here in Phoenix.
This course is rather flat, but the architect has made it possible for golfers to feel the much undulations needed.
Hole 18 was my remembrance hole, 3 silos very view able from the resort  rooms.
Its a PAR 5 and green is long and breaks fast to the left.
Pin tug on the left will be tricky.
This course would be mid price when you hunt for a deal.
Without the discount it would be too expensive and there are other great courses to play.
I might go back again but i am getting bored with it.

So we thought we were coming here for a fun AZ wedding...
This place is a joke!
The customer service is horrific.
In fact, there is no service.
If you have a request... SOL!
No way they will accommodate your needs what-so-ever.
It is not in their vocabulary.
Seriously, does not compute.
The golf course is fair at best and the accommodations are non existent.
If you're thinking about staying here, think again!!
You've been warned.
Stay anywhere else but here!
Stay at a holiday inn, best western or whatever!
Do not stay here!
This place is awful.
No stars!!!!
Ok I had to put one star for the review.
Not true though.
NO STARS!!!!!!
Worst place EVER!!!!!!!!!

Very nice.
It was my first trip to Arizona ever, and I was there for business.
The company that I was going to for my business trip recommended the Legacy.
It is not your typical hotel, but rather a huge, gorgeous resort that I would definitely consider staying at if ever in Phoenix for a vacation!
The room was huge and very comfortable, with a kitchenette, a sitting area, and a very modern bathroom.
My colleagues and I ate both dinner and breakfast at the onsite restaurant (the something-Grille), and I have mixed reviews of that.
The dinner was meh.
One of my colleague's dinners featured chicken that was pink in the center (oops).
The other had what looked like a teeny-tiny serving of ribs.
My own dinner was just ok.
The chili that I tried had a sweet taste to it that I didn't care for.
The chicken-mango salad, on the other hand, was good enough, and was something I would get again.
The breakfast was great.
We had to eat outside because they were doing some work in the inside dining room, but it was already 70+ degrees at 6:30 in the morning, so that was A-OK.  We all ordered different things, and all were good.
Would definitely recommend getting breakfast there.
Overall, the customer service level was very high, the surroundings were beautiful, and there are plenty of other places nearby to get dinner, so I would most definitely return if ever in the Phoenix area again.

I teed up for twilight rate at 215 pm .
$53 bucks?!!!
But it's worth it.
The course is in great shape.
I was cruising along until I hit the turn.
A couple of group were nice to let me play thru.
Fairways are well kept.
Tee boxes were in check.
The greens although slow, we're puttable ( is there such a word?).
I was not able to finish.
I want to come back and play the signature holes in the back nine.
You have to play this course when in PHX.
Public course with a country club feel!

We did a blind 3.5 star bid on Hotwire, and got this place.
The hotel was a steal for the price we got.
The bed was huge and comfy, and the room was large and clean, with nice styling touches.
The view of the gold course was oddly comforting.
The balcony is surprisingly large.
We really enjoyed it, even though we don't gold.
My only complaint is that they try to hard-sell you their timeshares.
After you check in, they send you to a separate desk under the guise of picking up your parking pass.
Then they try to get you to sign up for their timeshare presentations, and are rather pushy about it.
I learned later that you don't even really need the parking pass, so it was basically a ploy.
Wasn't happy about that.
So in sum, great hotel, but be ready for the timeshare hard sell.

Beautiful course.
This is what desert golf is all about.
$75 for cart, 11am tee time & range with unlimited balls.
Took 4:15 to play.
Tee box, fairways & greens were pristine.
Dare i say, the best i've ever played on (been playing 1 year).
Everyone, from guys grabbing golf clubs from car to the starter were all very professional and polite.
I would highly recommend this place to all who are in Phx.
Its pricey, but definitely worth it.

There aren't many places in South Phoenix for lunch, but this is one of them - if you even know about it.
Located on a golf course next to the golf shop.
Always pretty good service here and food is decent.
The sandwiches look good but I have only ever had salads.
Must try the course soon!

Stayed here 2 nights for the Rock and Roll Arizona marathon.
It was everything I needed, and nice to have a fridge, stove and microwave so I could make food at 5am before the race.
Large bathroom, everything was well lit, quiet and comfortable.
Big rooms and we managed to avoid the time share drama.
We don't golf, so I can't comment on that, nor did we really use any facilities of the hotel, but loved the room, free parking, wifi and kitchenette.

Nice place but poor customer service and staff!
Always state they are fully booked and not enough cleaning staff.
Rooms are not updated and not thoroughly clean.
Rooms not ready to well past check-in time (7pm)..horrible for a family starting vacation.
They have had made major cutbacks since their own new ownership.
Condos is not not even stocked with enough toilet paper or extra paper products.
Greens on golf course were okay definitely not well-maintained compared to the other resorts in the area.
Overall this was an okay resort definitely would be a great place to stay with the family if ownership was different and the place was maintained the way it should be.

Nice course.
Challenging enough to make it worth your time but not enough to spoil a good day chasing the little white ball.
Staff was awesome, very friendly and helpful.
Can't wait to play again.

I have stayed here many times and its always been very nice.
The grounds and course are beautiful, the restaurant is marginal and pricey.
I would recommend going elsewhere.
I checked in on a Tuesday and staying until Saturday.
I was told they make the room every 4 days and mine would not be made up during my stay.
If I needed anything please call.
This is ridiculous and the trash has built up, the bed needs changing, a burner on the stove doesn't work.
With the cost to stay here you would think they would at least come in and tidy up maybe empty the trash.
Other hotels for less money do it daily.
I have noticed they must of let go a  lot of the maids, very few around anymore.
Since this place was purchased by another company, I guess they think the guest are not of value anymore and they can treat us badly.
Their attitude is "here's your room, you tend to it, we'll clean it after you leave" I hate it when new owners ruin a good thing!!!
Hot tip of the day: Go somewhere else!

I am only rating the golf course on this one and if you enjoy golfing in the valley, then this is a course that you need to play.
It is one of my favorite courses and it is at least semi affordable.
The greens were clean and run a little fast, but of course that is a good thing.
There are a bunch of fun little par 3's, and for me more then enough long par 5's.
It is a challenging course but even a beginner can have a good time there.
There is a little water scattered around the course and minimal desert spots.
I really enjoy the course and it is well worth the drive.

This is a great place to stay.
The golf course, clean rooms with upgraded amenities is more then what you pay.
You have access to a full size balcony with lawn chairs on them, kitchenette, and even washer dryer!
This place is a steal when you book online.
I frequently stay here and would recommend to everyone!

Very nice grounds.
Nice staff.
Lovely room and amenities.
Pool is big, fitness center was just enough.
I don't play golf, but looked like a decent course.
decently close to Phoenix and Tempe.
I would definitely recommend for a nice vacation away.

