I love this place!
I don't understand why all dry cleaners don't drop the PERC.
It is toxic to our lungs and environment.
I go out of my way to get to Organic Dry Cleaners, where they offer smiling faces, prompt service, and even free bottles of water.
I would recommend that you save a few bucks and print out coupons before you go.
I would love to see more of these go up around town!

A bit more expensive, but so worth it.
Free pickup and delivery.
Great service.
Clothes look amazing - don't smell, and yuppie guilt is assuaged.

Considering my dad was a drycleaner for over 40 years, I feel I have some credibility on this one.
Overall a good all-around cleaners.
I used to go to Prestige when I lived in Scottsdale.
Hours are good, appreciate the same day service, and prices, although higher than some others, are not over the top.
You also can't expect to get decent product from a $1 drycleaner.
With that said, finishing (pressing and ironing) could be a hair better.
Drycleaned goods typically are fine, but men's dress shirts are lacking a bit.
See, typically men's shirts are put on forms and pressed/dried when they are pulled from the washer.
I would like to see them do a little more "touch up" ironing to knock out some of the wrinkles that get missed by the pressing machines.
Also, they don't always replace broken buttons unless you specify before you go in.
I don't know about their stain removal proficiency as I typically don't have challenging stains to remove.
Overall though my clothes come out clean and I am satisfied.
Lastly, parking is easy and it's in a great strip mall in Desert Ridge.

I wrote a review about the other store location but this is the one I frequent the most.
I love it and with the amount of labor that goes into this i'm glad that the prices are what they are.
The long hours in a cleaners with all the steam is not fun, I know this since my family owned a cleaners as I was growing up.
Never a bad experience and always fast service!!

Just dropped off my clothes here becuase I was in the area and will be for a few days.
The owner of this is also the owner of the cleaners on Thomas rd.
in Phoenix.
They did a great job on my clothes once again.
Not much more to say but, keep up the good work.
I am very pleased!!

Notice the dates of previous reviews...
This place might have been good last year, but that has certainly changed.
Don't waste your time with these inexperienced, young girls who haven't yet learned customer service common sense.

Here are the simple facts and reason for the above review:  1.
The owner is opportunistic and take every attempt to profit at your expense.
I am a repeat customer, and have spent $600+ in dry cleaning at their locations.
Once, a $150 Facconable shirt was damaged in their folder, the owner offered to buy me a replacement (the shirt is discontinued) or a credit.
I told him the truth and stated I had gotten it at a heavy discount for $35, which he credited me for.
I could have been opportunistic as he is and produced a valid receipt for the original replacement value of the shirt as $150, but did not.
The owner also attempted to defer blame by stating the shirt had a defect, which it did not.
Once, at the Tatum Blvd location I had my clothes in before 7AM, stated clearly to them: shirts folded and need be ready by 4PM to make my flight.
I stopped by, they stated they had a machine breakdown and apologized for not calling me.
The shirts came to me not folded and I just barely made my flight.
I tipped them $20 for their effort.
Once, at the Thomas Rd location, they stated their machines broke down and half of my dry cleaning would not be ready.
I was forced to purchase clothing on the trip at a loss of over $80 to me.
Today, Monday, I brought six pieces of laundry (shirts) and dry cleaning in to the Thomas Rd location at 645AM and requested the items by 3:30PM to 4PM same day service.
They stated their same day service is completed by 5PM and if I wanted my clothes by 3:30-4PM, I would have to pay a $5 per piece upcharge.
I explained that not only I am a repeat customer, I also travel through to Friday and need a dry cleaner that will either work on Saturday or do my cleaning earlier on a Monday.
The girl at the counter contacted the owner, explained my dilemma and the owner stood firm at the upcharge  Conclusion: If anyone reads this, I really need a decent dry cleaner in Phoenix that does work on weekends or is not a "rip-off" or is at least fair to their customers, because this Cleaners really deserves only a single star for their poor customer loyalty and their opportunism.

A+ guys keep it up !
Your service and quality is far better and half the price of some of the most elite cleaners here in Santa Monica.
I recommend your service to anyone I feel could appreciate quality.
Keep it up guys !

I love the Organicare Cleaners at Desert Ridge.
Here's what I love: it has a drive-thru, it is open until 8pm on weekdays, it is open on Saturdays, the owner is really friendly, the finished product looks great, free delivery, AND NO chemicals!
I feel good about getting my family's clothes cleaned here.
Plus, this is a locally owned business and it's great to support our local businesses.
The price is reasonable and I really like the reusable bags.
They will even keep your credit card on file which I think is really convenient.
I used to go to Desert Ridge cleaners which was more expensive, closed at 6 (seriously not convenient for those of us who work!
), and did not have a drive-thru.
I will never go back to my old cleaner, I am an Organicare lifer!

Though I am giving this cleaner 3 stars, I have to say I will not be giving them my business going forward.
There have been a couple incidents with this company, however the most recent has solidified by desire to find a new cleaner.
The things I used to like about this company now are outweighed by one startling fact... they LOST and article of my clothing.
Now, they have earned a 3 star rating because they did compensate me for the loss of my clothing item, however it took a week going back and forth with them to receive said compensation.
Their customer service is so lacking.
There was no apology the day I went in to pick up my clothes and one item was missing one.
They said they would investigate and CALL ME, but after waiting almost a full day we had to call them.
In addition to this incident, they have screwed up with the amount they have charged us before and also taken longer to clean the clothes then they said it would take without notifying us, which resulted in having to make multiple stops out of our way.
I personally won't go back to this cleaner, however you may have a different experience.
Given they use organic products and are a local small business I wish I could continue to support them, but when a dry cleaners sole job is to clean your clothes and return them back to you, and that doesn't happen, I feel I have no choice but to deem it time to find a new place to give my business.

Love this cleaners and will not go anywhere else.
NO CHEMICALS, eventhogh it cost a bit more it is worth it.
My shirts look and feel great.
I can say i feel much better knowing that they are not using any chemicals.
Th owner is and the staff are friendly and knowledgeable.
Their hours are great.
My wife and I visit this center on daily bases and we avoid going across the street to Desert Ridge.
We eat at this center, bank here, Walgreen is here, we are just missing a small organic grocery store?
just a thought for a business person.

Amazing service.
I love the drive thru option- they even put your clothes in your car.
4 business shirts were only $10 to be dry cleaned.
Next day service and it's organic?
What's not to love?

These guys are quick and get the job done.
Plus, if you check in on the yelp app they normally have a $5 off check-in offer :)

Service is very good, My husband doesn't want I take his clothes anywhere else.

Incredibly impressed with OrganiCare and my overall experience.
From the moment I walked in to the pick up of my items, exceptional and superior service and atmosphere.
Clean location, friendly and helpful workers, and numerous discounts for me being a new customer.
The drive through is an incredibly helpful addition, and I was beyond impressed with the unique touch of adding cuff links to my french cuff shirt.
I have been to many dry cleaners in the valley, but OrganiCare has earned my repeat business going forward.

Moved to Desert Ridge in Feb 2013 and this cleaners is awesome.
Great one day service and the clothes look great.
Now I need to find a place to do alterations.

I normally travel to their Thomas location in downtown, but used to work near this location so I've taken a few things here as well and wanted to make sure to leave some feedback for those living in the area.
I've had them take care of a variety of items such as, comforters, expensive evening wear (including my boyfriends suits), all of my designer purses (coach, burberry and gucci) and a few other items.
Each and every time I've gotten something cleaned by them it always comes back looking better than new.
The staff there are very organized and thorough.
I always feel confident dropping off some of my treasured pieces.
I definitely give them extra points for having a "recycle your hangers" bin in their stores.

Asked what the price would be for 4 dry cleaned shirts when i dropped off.
Told it was 6.15 per shirt.
I said that seemed very high.
When picked up  they charged me 31.00.
Outragous for 4 short sleeve mens shirts.
I won't go back.

Went in there after tanning next door and just wanted to see what they charged.
The ladies were REALLY strange and unhelpful.
I don't know if I rubbed them the wrong way or they were having a bad day but they just weren't interested in my business I guess.
They seemed very aggravated with my very presence (all I did was ask how much they charge for slacks literally was in there for like 3 minutes lol)!
Cranky crazy ladies need some training in customer service!
Won't be doing business here!

Awesome service!!
This is the first dry cleaners that I have been committed to due to the fact that I have never been so happy with how much detail they put into their work.
In the years that I have been going there I have never had one complaint.
By far the best service and employees.
One last thing, do not forget to ask about the pickup and drop off.
It is free!!!
Totally worth it!

There are a couple wonderful things about this business.
One is the location conveniently  between my husband's place of work and our house!
Two is the drive through drop off and pick up service.
Convenient!
However, it is $6 to dry clean a polo shirt.
Woofda.
It is obvious they do not need my business with the mercedes suv  delivery truck they have in front of your store, so no more will I foot a $24 bill for 4 polo shirts!

