This place is the suckiest bunch of suck that ever sucked.
I have crap credit, I get it....that's why I was going here to get a car.
From the get go, I really liked the experience and the two guys I dealt with, Chris and Monte, were great.
Of course, this was on the Saturday I went in expecting to leave with a car.
They would pull anything to sell me a car right?
So for what it is worth, after Chris takes down our information...basically which was just us filling some things out for him.
He took it, or maybe submitted it, on Monte's behalf (the store manager) and we sat and waited in anticipatin.
We were then welcomed into Monte's corner office for the debriefing so to speak.
After being put through the ringer, and basically being put on blast for having poor credit (maybe just my perception) Monte comes through and hooray got us approved!!
Or , at least, he made it seem like he went to war for us with CSA (the auto loan company) and won on our behalf.
We had $300 down, which is what we were told is all we needed, but the minimum down payment had to be $800 which was going to be split in half, $250 in two weeks, and $250 after that.
Then the regular payments would begin.
M onte had the perfect car for us, a PT Cruiser with barely 50,000 miles on it.
I was estactic and very happy at this point.
We took it for a test drive, and everything worked fine.
We came back and signed the final papers (which was recorded via video...) it took forever, but we were out of there and headed back home.
About....two weeks later I get a call from CSA asking for the first payment.
I told them I still had one more down payment to make then the contract payments would begin.
They disagreed with me, but when CSA brought up the paper work they noticed a clerical error made on the part of Rock Solid that had to be fixed.
CSA took the time to make RS awar, and I received a call from Chris 2 days later.
Chris was nice and told me we had to come back in to sign the paperwork again.
I told him this was an extremely busy week and I would try Friday or Saturday, which he was completely fine with.
The week gets closer to Friday and Chris calls again, this time with an attitude that we NEED to get in to Rock Solid to sign the papers again or :gasp:... he won't get paid!!!
i told him on the phone that's not m fault, but i'll see you on Friday.
I came in and signed the papers again.
My plates were late because of this so that's just icing on the cake.
Now!
The car started over heating.
The issue began in August.
We brought it to the extremely busy service center (they only work on dealer cars) without an appointment and were told they would get to it within a day or two.
If you're following a theme in this story they did not get to it in those 2 days.
We dropped it off on a Wednesday morning and got it back on Monday.
No rental.
We were first told that the issue was something simple and covered by the service plan....so awesome, no cost to us!!
Then....when i did not hear back from anyone that day, I called back again and al of a sudden when they were testing the car out the fans blew out!
Wow, can't believe it!
(sarcasm), and this would cost us about $180.
I had no choice to pay really, so I told them to do it and we paid the ransom.
The best thing about this incident was how the service manager (I assume) told me he would work on the car on Saturday and there's a good chance it would be done then.
Guess what?
Only one guy showed up that day and did not do a damn thing to my car.
So I called over to Rock Solid who I knew was open, and asked if anyone from service was there.
I was told "No, only one guy came in and he left at 11".
So as i expressed my frustration I was handed over to Monte.
I just started explaining my issue and he cut me off telling me basically he did not have the time to hear about the issue right now because it's a Saturday in the car business, and he would take down my # and call me back.
So i told him I know he could not do anything for me, but I was just looking to find out if anyone was there as they promised.
He would then call me back, took my # and hung up.
My phone rand about a minute after and I answered to hear Monte complaining "you wanted me to call you back and you aren't even answering your phone" with an attitude.
But see the thing is, I answered.
I gave him my name like he asked and said "Oh I remember you".
and promised a call back.
I never got it.
I got a call a week later after i sent an e-mail, all he wanted to know is that everything was fixed.
I told him it was, and he was happy because he was about to go home that night.
He then told me to contact him with any other issues in the future.....which is what I did yesterday for the following issue.
Last night, my wife called me and told me the car is breaking down.
the engine light just went on and the car shut off.
Don't buy from here, I'm regretting it.

I bought a car from this place and it has been the worst decision ever.
They tell you one thing and do another.
I will never recommended another person here again.
DO NOT GO THERE....
BEWARE!!

Being young and making living on tips I always bought everything cash so my credit is minimal.
I looked up rock solid and saw they had a High BB rating.
Me and my boyfriend went down there and started paperwork to see if I could get approved.
I did end up getting approved.
I told them I wanted an economy  car with decent gas mileage they brought out a Chevy cobalt 2006.
Now my boyfriend hates anything that's not Toyota or Honda so he was sketchy.
We test drove it felt good good body great tires and the inside was clean with very few spots.
We came back to make a deal, I wasn't comfortable about the monthly payment.
Noemi make great money being a bartender and server but I didn't want to get something that was closer to a house payment.
Monte negotiated my payment and brought it down to were I knew I was going to be comfortable making the payments  every month.
I have had the car since August of 2013 and had very few issues.
The main issue I did have was it didn't start one morning while going to work.
I called rock solid they had it picked up within 4 hours I was worried it was going to cost to get whatever it was fixed.
They called me the next day to let me know that it was a wire to the starter and some corrosion and that they would fix it.
I ask what the damage was they said nothing that it was covered under warranty!
I was so relieved.
I picked it up the next day and they said they also noticed a headlight out and replaced that to with no charge.
They are friendly every time I go in there to pick up voucher for my oil and even with a mix up on a payment I paid but didn't have it on record they found it and apologized for the inconvenience.
My only shady situation I dealt with was with their company gruilechs they used to have.
I went to get my oil changed and my check engine light came on and I noticed that the odometer didn't change over for the percentage of my oil life.
When I went back to rock solid to get my next oil voucher they said they had switched companies and when I went to get my oil changed with the new company my oil life reset and my check engine light hasn't been on since.
Overall I would recommended this place over some place like cactus jacks.
My car has been going strong and with the free oil changes I keep up on my Maintenon regularly.
Let's hope I never have to change this review!
Another tip within 6 months my credit score went up 150 points!
No to bad!

These folks really know their cars and hooked me up with my AC when I needed it on my truck.
I liked their timeline and returning my vehicle in great condition.
Thansk for being honest and hardworking.
I appreciated the hard work.

