This is the only entry on YELP for Page Family Practice, where Curtis Page is the Doctor.
I tried several times to get an appointment with the Doctor and despite being told I had an appointment with the Doctor, I was only able to see one of the Physician Assistants.
The staff seems incompetent based on that alone where multiple times (at least 4) assured me I would be seeing the actual Doctor.
Basically wasted a lot of my time.
Then, I had one blood test done that the PA had ordered, back in February and I got the results back then.
All of a sudden, within the past 2 weeks, I have been receiving 2 - 3 calls DAILY from a 3rd party "message service" that doesn't identify themselves or who they are calling on behalf of.
The message says "We have a message for you from 'YOUR DOCTOR' (how vague is that, I have a few Doctors) and asks for my social security number.
Working in the financial field, I come across several phishing scams looking  to get personal information from people, and having it be such a vague message... if there is a message from my Doctor's office, they have my number, they can call me.
After receiving call after call after call, it will not stop, I had to spend more of my time to find out what this was.
It took some research to find out it was Page Family Practice with lab results....... that I already received... in FEBRUARY.
This place just keeps getting better and better.
Whatever happened to picking up a phone and calling a patient?
We have spent our money, used our insurances, and spent our time to seek help from them, and they can't even make a personal phone call?
Lord knows all the staff they have in their office, girls sitting on their ass texting on their cell phones and eating could handle that heavy work load of making a few calls.
Jesus!
This place is unorganized, the staff is not properly trained, and the Physician Assistants are unable to offer any real treatment.
They told me, "OH well, for this you will need to see the Doctor.." ................ OMG I WAS TOLD I TOOK TIME OFF OF WORK BECAUSE I *WAS* SEEING THE DOCTOR!
Stay away from this place.
There are much better Doctors out there with zero hassle.
You've been warned.

DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR OFFICE!!!!!!!
LIARS!
INCOMPETENT!
THIEVES!!
I can not even begin to express my dissatisfaction with this place.
Let's start from the beginning.
I have a history of sinus problems.
I went to Dr.
Page's office for a tension headache that I had for over a week.
He explained it was a sinus infection, which I already knew, and prescribed antibiotics.
I asked for something for the headache and was told the antibiotics would be enough and to take ibprouphen.
Well it wasn't enough because my tension headache lasted another week straight.
I did not go back to this doctor's office again.
Nothing irritates me more than people who don't listen.
If I tell you I have a history of sinus infections, obviously I will need something a little stronger than normal antibiotics.
Now this, is not even the worst part of my story.
When I left the doctors office I asked the woman at the front desk if my insurance had taken care of everything or if I needed to pay.
She told me that my insurance took care of it all and I didn't owe any money.
I asked her to double check.
I ALWAYS ask them to double check.
She assured me that my insurance had taken care of everything.
This all happened over a year ago, and this morning I was woken up by a collections agency saying my account was sent to them by Dr.
Pages office.
The NERVE of this office!
How dare you send me to a collections agency and tarnish my credit after you specifically told me I did not owe you money!
It's not even an issue of money, I paid in full this morning.
This "doctors office" will waste your time!!
They are either liars or incompetent, but either way they are CROOKS!!!!
and THIEVES!!!!
DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTORS OFFICE!!!!!

I've been coming here for 12 years.
The P.A.
's are fantastic.
I will often see Julie and she will order enough tests to get the job done.
Others may order every test imaginable.
Dr. Curtis Page (son) and Dr. Robert Page (father) are the two doctors in the office.
They are all competent and capable of diagnosing.
I personally have never seen Robert Page, but Curtis Page is quick and intuitive when treating his patients.
I have come to trust completely that they pick the best possible P.A.
's to treat their patients.
It may be difficult to pin down The Doctors, but the P.A.
's are there to fill the space for a huge amount of patients, and when extreme diagnoses are not required.
The other review on here seems to not trust P.A.s, but I ensure you they are competent and will refer you to the doctor if something is beyond their scope of treatment.
They are not pill pushers, and when they do provide a drug it has always been something perfect for my needs.
Sometimes they may take awhile, but they take their time with each patient.
I would rather wait a little longer to see them, than be pushed out the door with a drug in hand.
They used to guarantee fast service, but no longer do.
They simply guarantee great healthcare.

I don't really want to get into it because I don't like saying a ton of negative things, but I really had an awful experience with this office.
A lot of my information was lost, my treatment was delayed, and I had a hard time actually talking to someone when I called.
However, there are obviously patients that really like this office and have had great experiences.
Over the course of a year, my experiences were just really not very good and I would not go back here.

Very busy place and usually a delayed time to see the doctor even if you have an appointment set.

It's with a heavy heart I'm writing this review.
My husband I both have been patients here for several years.
We love two if the PA's in this office, Brandy and Julie.
And it's why I can't bring myself to give this place a one star rating.
Those two truly care about you as a patient!
But today was the second time we have been done wrong!
This review, in no way, would ever slam the care received by either one if those ladies!
But rather the front office scheduling and what has been deemed acceptable.
Several months ago my husband left after waiting more than an hour, STILL waiting to be called back!
We asked that they credit our already paid copay and the did.
We figured it was a one time deal.
But after today, we're done.
We both went to an appointment that required both of us to be there which in turn required us to retain a babysitter.
After 45 minutes of waiting we finally decided it was time to go.
We didn't get called back.
And we asked that our copay be returned because, well, let's be honest we had an appointment and we aren't returning.
They expect us to show up and us, as a patient expect to be seen.
We did after all have to make plans for a sitter and readjust our day, we expect the same respect in return.
Like I said, I'm NOT slamming the care given by the Dr's and PA's but rather greatly disappointed in the front staff...

Being a new patient and having only been in a few times, my first impression was they answer the phones when you call and they are able to fit you in last minute.
That was a big thing for me.
My first visit, they got me back right away and the office was noticeably clean.
Everyone was friendly.
The other 2 times I've been in there, I was taken back WAY late (45 minutes after appt time).
There was another patient waiting with me and he got up and walked out the door, but I really needed to see the doctor although I was on my lunch break.
The only reason I'm not giving a 5 star review is because of the wait time, but it being a busy office, I understand.
If you don't have patience to wait, this might be a problem for you.
But once you get back there the PA's are great.
I would say doctors, but I've never met them!

The doctors and PA's that I have seen have been great... but they're too hard to get to.
I was referred to this doctor by my son's father who has been a patient for years.
He speaks highly of them and especially working with him as a cash patient and seeing him same day for minor on-the-job injuries.
My main purpose in establishing a family doctor was for urgent care, same day, and wellness upkeep.
My first time visiting was about in 2012 for an annual wellness exam which is required for premium reduction through my insurance.
I had explained when setting up the appointment that this is for wellness only and that I have a Gynocologist for pap smears and what not.
I also wanted to take the opportunity to have my blood tested for everything.
Since I'm afraid of needles this needed to be done in one 'shot' so to speak.
She told me I could come do the bloodwork at anytime.
I came in on a convienent Saturday...
Advised them the same thing, and they told me I would have to see the doctor before they could draw my blood to do it in 'one shot.
' I was suprised that I could take care of this the same day.
I met with the PA who asked me if I had any concerns, at that time I had been experiencing some wrist and hand pain and I mentioned it... She suggested wearing a brace while at work.
And I advised her of my need for the appointment 'wellness exam.
' They came in and did the blood work.
Outcome:  The wellness exam is supposed to be 100% covered.
It was billed as diagnostic due to me mentioning my wrist pain, or so I was told.
All of my blood work was billed diagnostic as well.
I ended up with a ridiculous bill.
I had to make a personal trip to their office after I could not get this resolved via the telephone.
In the end, the billing lady told me that she would correct the codes on the blood work but I had not yet had a wellness physical.
I in turn, had to pay for the full cost of the exam since I have a high deductable insurance.
I then still had to make another appointment satisfy my insurance's premium reduction which seemed to go without issue, my third time in the office aside from the fact that they did try to give me a pap smear and I had to again clarify and my insurance was billed for a urinalysis and I never left a sample... By the way, Saturday appointment mirrored my exam that was covered under wellness which seemed a little worthless.
2013 I went again.
I really believed that it was just a billing issue the last time and if I was extremely diligent it would get done correctly.
This time I did see Dr Page.
I was reluctant to even talk at my appointment as I didn't want the appointment to turn diagnostic on me and not be covered.
Dr Page was very understanding and in the course of my exam he noticed I had a dry patch of skin caused by allergies and also symptoms of sinus allergies and wrote me a prescription.
Everything was billed as it should be including the blood work.
The only complaint I had was I thought the staff upfront seemed a little not together but chalked it up to the changes they were making with the computer system.
2014 I made an appointment for 05/29/14 (today) at 9:30am.
I am 27 weeks pregnant.
They told me I would have to fast before I came in so they could do the blood work before the appointment.
To be honest, I'm not even sure I need blood work done as I've been tested for everything that you can imagine since I became pregnant at my gynecologist but I just went with what she told me on the phone.
I made this appointment over a month in advance.
I arranged with my employer to take a departure mid-day for the appointment and returning I would make up the time today.
It took my 20 minutes to get there and a morning of not eating and being up since 4am.
I immediately handed the lady at the front desk my insurance card and approximately 7 minutes after sitting down she called me up.
I was suprised that they were moving so quick.
Only to be quickly dissapointed when she told me that they had my appointment down for yesterday.
"Seriously?
" I reply.
She said "yes.
" I specifically had written on my calendar THURSDAY, MAY 29 because it was the earliest I could see Dr Page and now I'm being told it was Wednesday the 28th.
I would like to take credit for the error but I actually had written down Thursday, not just placed a memo on the day.
Also I never received any phone calls, did they even keep my phone number on file from last year?
I silently wonder to myself...
The receptionist tells me that they can still see me at 10:30.
Thanks, but I'm gainfully employed and I do work the same hours as you.
Of my 3, on paper 4, and actual 5 two-feet in the door histories, only one was good.
It's sad when you have good providers but the office experience(s) leave a regrettable impression in your mind.
PLEASE LEARN FROM THIS...
Patient satification will earn you so much more loyalty.
I would invest in appointment reminders, post cards, and hire someone who can let you know the results of your bloodwork.

Today i had my first appointment at this practice and i met with Brandy the PA.   She is a fantastic PA, very knowledgeable and caring.
I was worried when I walked in the door at 8am that the wait would be long because the waiting room was packed; however, I was called back before I could even finish my paperwork.
I had my appointment scheduled for 8:15am, met with the nurse, the PA, had my blood drawn and was back at work by 9:30.

I simply cannot describe how bad my visit was.
I can't judge whether Dr.
Page is a great doctor, since wait time to see him is currently 2 months (!!!
) - is this the VA??
However, my visit with Dr. Meadows was a complete disaster, and her treatment plan (or lack thereof) was described as "absurd" by the next doctor to see me.
Save your health, sanity and money and go elsewhere.

