Ahhh, good old QT.
What is there not to love about QT?
They let you mix soft drinks and have sooo many good options for beverages.
Their food isn't awful (actually pretty good for convenience store food) and the people are typically fairly friendly.
Though it's a chain, I think this is a pretty good QT.

For a gas station, this place IS as good as it gets.
The gas isn't overly expensive because its next to a freeway or anything and the people inside are friendly and super efficient.
They have a huge selection of food and beverages.
They even include some fruit if you are super health conscious.
I'd like a few more healthy options for grabbing a quick breakfast but none of it is terrible.
Pro-tip, the cashiers work both sides of their registers, move through the line faster by going on either side.

Best gas station around!!!!

the best of in,  out  and gas!!!

When I am in Arizona visiting family, a highlight of my trip is going to QT.
Kind of strange, unless you have been in a QT.
Let's see, they are clean.
Like, sparkling clean and if there is a mess, there is someone already cleaning it up.
The selection of drinks is AMAZING!
The staff is always friendly, always.
ps.
they have the best ice ever.

QT is the best what else can I say?
They have the cleanest stores including restrooms.
Friendly staff.
However, prices are slowly but surely rising at QT's across the valley which makes me mad but they have options available such as refills of drinks for a discount.

Qt's are always clean and the staff friendly.
This location just reduced their fountain refills to 59 cents!

Everyone is always greeted as they walk in.
Once the line hits more then 3 another person comes up and they start helping two people at a time!
Love the little specials

Love this QT.
The same girls in the front that greet you have been working there for what seems to be forever.
Everyone is so nice!

How can you not love Quik Trip!?
Friendly people.
Clean bathrooms.
Quick service.
Great food options.
Clean bathrooms.
Good gas prices.
Clean stores.
Clean bathrooms.
Lots of gas pumps.
Fresh coffee.
And did I mention clean bathrooms!

Yet another above average QT.
Clean store, quick and friendly service, fresh ice tea, and my kind of dip ready to roll.
I still have not seen a Circle K or 7'11 that is up to QT standards.

