Dr. Hillebrandt and his staff are very professional and compassionate.
I have taken my three dogs to this location since they opened for business.
My dogs actually enjoy coming in the door as they are greated with friendly faces!
My neighbors and friends have been referred to this office and they also are loyal customers.

We were recently left in a bind when our animal hospital was forced to close due to the light rail.
We were forced to find someone new to care for our animals after going to the same office for over 30 years.
After much consideration, and interviewing the Dr., I decided on Dreaming Summit.
The office is very nice and clean, and the staff is very helpful.
There are three doctors available to see, so someone is usually available to see you if you need to get in.
And all three are fantastic.
I trust all of them to make the right decisions for our family members.
If you are looking for an office that really cares about the well being of your family members, I highly recommend Dreaming Summit.
They provide proffessional care without charging prices that will break the bank.

We have been going to Dreaming Summit Animal Hospital for the past year since it was highly recommended by other people in our neighborhood.
We could not be happier with the care they gave to our pomeranian, even on an emergency basis.
They even did follow up phone calls to check on her status!
We got a new Pomeranian and I just made her first puppy appointment right now as there is no other place we would consider going.
We are 100% happy with Dreaming Summit Animal Hospital and you should be, too!

I am trying to not let the fact that my Dog had to be ultimately put down a month after a major surgery that was performed here effect my opinion of this place.
The other doctors were great, but I agree Dr. B came across a little cold, but not rude.
The vet techs seemed way more into themselves and what was going on in their personal lives than providing good service.(i.e.
discussing the finer points of their tattoos while customers are waiting, etc.
)  The staff up front was very kind, specially when I had my dog put down, I am a grown man and I was so devastated/sad/emotional that I could hardly speak.
They sent out a beautiful card a week later and handled the cremation service perfectly, that was pretty nice of them.

My husband and I absolutely love this place.
From the front desk to the techs in the back, we have always had a positive experience.
Dr. Bower is the vet we usually see.
I recommend him to everyone we know with a new pet.
Our puppy is always treated so well.
Each time we come here, we feel like the only patients in the building.
They have no problem taking time to talk with us about anything we need to talk about.
We even ask them training questions!
Usually dogs are hesitant to go to the vet...but not ours!
I feel that the positive experiences we've had from the very beginning with Dreaming Summit Animal Hospital has taught our puppy that going to the vet is fun and adventerous.

Very clean in appearance and u feel safe for your pet.
Friendly staff, i used this place as a back up cause I couldn't get into my dogs regular vet at the time!
Thanks !
;-)  Prices are as expected for a vet.
Vet bills always run high ;)  They have military discounts 10%

Hands down the absolute best!!!
When they advertise that "pets are treated like family here" they mean it.
The front desk staff is compassionate and friendly.
Their new facility is state of the art.
Complete with really cool boarding facilities for dogs and cats.
Dr Hillenbrandt is amazing!
It only takes a second to see that he loves animals and they love him in return.
Dr. H is the greatest.
He always takes time to explain thoroughly every step of any diagnosis/prognosis.
I trust his opinion explicitly.
I'd never take my dogs any where else.

Went in for a routine appointment as a new customer to have my Dog's vaccs updated.
(2) of them.
I arrived 20 minutes early as I was new, and provided them the documentation for the dog I had with me, as well as my 3 other pets.
I note that I had additional pets for a reason - I came in early, and showed that I was a customer with a lot of potential business to offer them.
An hour later, 40 minutes after my appointment was scheduled, I finally saw the vet.
I use the word saw cautiously, because she was in the room a matter of two minutes.
She did a brief examination (which I did not ask for - all that I wanted was the updated vaccinations) and she then proceeded to peddle more additional (and costly!
) services that I did not require, desire, or need in any way.
$20 to trim my dog's nails.
Seriously?
~$100 in other 'precautionary' subscriptions for heart worm, etc.
after I specifically told them I had handled that separately with my previous vet.
(I'm new to the area)  After the doctor left the room, a tech.
came in and wanted me to sign a bill of services, including the heart worm medication I told the doctor - explicitly - that I was not interested in them.
After they provided me with the correct bill - the tech.
came back in and administered the shots.
The vet never came back in to thank me for my business, or apologize for keeping me waiting 40 minutes past my appointment time.
Just not the level of professionalism I'm used to - call me crazy.
But if I was them, seeing a new customer with four pets walking through my door, I'd do a lot more to make sure things went well.
And I definitely wouldn't try to hit him up for outrageously overpriced services.
$20 to clip my dogs nails is really just silly, I laughed when I saw that.
No thanks, I'll bring my business elsewhere.

Dreaming Summit Animal Hospital is the WORST!!!
1st time I went to Dreaming Summit Animal Hospital I arrived 15 mins early and waited 40 mins after my appointment time to go into a room and then waited 20 mins for someone to see my dog.
So my 2nd visit I was running a little late I called, and they said if I am more than 10 mins late I'd have to pay an extra $20 or reschedule.
I couldn't believe it, I said last time I had to wait an hour after my appointment time to see someone and you can't give me a break because I am 15-20 mins late?
I regrettably decided to go in anyway, and pay the extra $20.
Now it is 40 mins after I got here and still waiting.
This place is the worst.
Ok after an hour I got up and asked how much longer should it be?
They said we may have an opening at 11:40 it was 10:40.
I said to them, you said you were going to "work me in", not wait until cancels or  someone doesn't show up.
Why didn't they say that instead of we will work you in...
I gave them a second chance and they failed...Also be aware that they have a resident cat that just roams around the lobby waiting area, I was a little shocked because almost all of the dogs started barking and flipping out.
On a positive note the Vets were pretty nice my 1st visit, thats why I came back a 2nd time, but the staff up front made me decide I will never go back there again!!
How can they make you wait over an hour when you have an appointment and then if you are over 10 mins late they charge you an extra $20 and then don't tell you how the process works and you have to wait for someone not to show up??
If they would have told me up front that someone would have to cancel or no show for me to be seen, instead they said they'd "work me in", I would have opted to reschedule and come back another time.
There was NO COMMUNICATION that I could wait 2 hours+  to be seen.
Bottom line if you are retired and/or have nothing better to do with your time, then by all means check them out.
If you value your time even just a little then, STAY AWAY from Dreaming Summit Animal Hospital http://www.dreamingsummitah.com/ They are Bad News!!

I have to agree with some of the other posts about these people wasting your time.
So it's ok for them to make you wait 40 minutes after your appointment because the "Doctor" says "it happens".
But if you're a few minutes late,your time is worthless and you better fork over $20.
That philosophy says it all.

This update is aimed specifically at the comment posted by the business, in response to my initial review.
The comment is both deceitful and insulting.
Here is my response.
For someone with a PHD, you need to understand not only how to express your thoughts in written form, but to do so accurately and succinctly.
Also, you need to be honest.
Point by point:    1 - " I reviewed the record.
I cannot comment on his wait time, although I'm sure it was excessive"    You said you could not comment, then you commented.
Really?
2 - " Unfortunately, Mr. R had low expectations, not high ones.
"    Not quite, I had high expectations, not low ones.
If I had a low expectation, it's unlikely you would've received a scathing review from me on Yelp.
I wouldn't have cared.
3 - " He only wanted "the shots".
No exam.
"    You are correct.
However, I was VERY clear when I made this appointment.
I'll even go so far as to say explicit.
If an exam is policy, and thus a charge will be made to the customer (me) it should have been stated when I spoke to the receptionist and informed her of my desire to only have the shots administered during this appointment.
I have no problem paying for quality services.
I have a problem paying for services I made it clear I did not want, and was not informed were policy to perform regardless of the customer's direction.
4 - "Mr. R was not expecting to be educated about the importance of heart worm prevention, as he only wanted " the shots".
When Mr. R was presented with a written estimate (which he signed prior to services) he was taken a back at the cost of premium veterinary care.
Again only expecting bare minimums.
"  I don't mind being educated.
And yes, again, I explicitly set up my appointment for just the shots.
I'm the customer, you need to get a grasp on what that means.
Moving on.
You then INCORRECTLY state that I was presented with a written estimate prior to services.
Here is the order in which my visit went:  -Sat in waiting room.
-Brought to exam room.
-Seen by vet.
Pet was examined.
Heartworm was explained to me and services were DENIED at this time, as my initial review states.
It would help if you read it again to make this clear.
-THEN the vet left, and a tech brought in the estimate.
Which I denied.
A new one was brought in without the heartworm (etc) fluff added.
-After the correct estimate was signed, a tech provided the shots and sent me on my way.
I never saw the doctor again.
From this, you can gather that the doctor already performed services prior to the written estimate (the examination).
I also do not appreciate your last shot at me, assuming I value bulk pet healthcare, since I own four pets, over the overall health of each and every one of my animals.
You disgust me.
Not only have you lied about your practice's policies and procedures, but you have gone as far as insulting a former customer who you are 100% responsible for losing the business of.
I will be reporting you to the better business bureau first thing tomorrow.
I wasn't going to take it that far, but you decided to come here, lie, and insult me.

Such a nice a professional hospital!
I am always greeted as well as my pets and I have never had to wait longer than 5 minutes anytime I have been there (which has been a lot as of late).
Dr. Watson is awesome!
She treats my animals with compassion and I truly believe that she cares.
I would recommend them to anyone!!!

I started taking my pets to Dreaming Summit when we moved to the West Valley 3 years ago.
They are wonderful and very caring.
I have never had long wait times, and my animals have always had the best service.
I highly recommend  Dreaming Summit and would never consider taking my pets anywhere else.
We had to put our very old Great Dane down a few months ago and and could not have asked for a more compassionate and caring vet than Dr. Hillebrand.
They have always had our pets best interest in mind and have never tired to push anything on us as far as procedures, medicines, etc.
Do your pest a favor and take them here!

I've always had great service here.
Yes, I've had to wait a bit sometimes, but that has happened to me at every vet I've ever gone to, especially in the last 8-10 years.
The doctors here are caring and and when it is my turn, I never feel rushed.
I trust the doctors and staff there and will continue to use their services for all 4 of my dogs.

What a nice & friendly place to take your sick animal!
My dog was experiencing seizures for the 1st time and they were so nice to take my "walk in" and attend to my dog Randall.
I saw Dr. Watson who was very sweet and was very patient with my dog who doesn't quiet like people.
Don't listen to all these negative post about this place...it's a wonderful clean place and they have great employees working the front desk who have awesome customer service skills!!

It saddens me to read the harsh comments below.
I've been going to Dreaming Summit for 3 1/2 years now and have nothing but good to say about them.
The one thing I've always loved is how ALL the doctors love my dog and are very caring and gentle with him even though he can be a nipper.
Their rates are competitive with everyone's and they don't do unnecessary work.
I just went there yesterday after having to spend time in an ER Animal facility over the weekend and felt so much better after seeing Dr. Hillebrand.
He could have also ordered more tests, etc.
but felt like we should give him a couple more days since he looked so much better.
Sent me with some medication and told me to call if it got worse.
And I travel a lot internationally with my dog, and this facility has been extremely helpful in making sure I have the proper paperwork, etc.
(Kudos to Brittany and Dr.
Bower!
) Also, my daughter recently was staying in town and needed to board her boxer which she has done in several other places.
She was completely impressed with the facility and how they treated her dog!
Plus she thought the price was very reasonable.
I know not everyone likes everyone, but to make such personal comments is rude.
There's no problem with leaving a negative opinion if you had a bad experience, but there's no reason to attack him personally.
I have a hard time understanding how this has gone so far anyways as Dr. Hillebrand is one of the nicest vets I've met.
They could have easily taken down your comments, but understand everyone has different opinions.
Please.
Find another vet and move on.
Rambo and I love this facility and all of the staff!
And this is NOT a filtered review...

