I had C Read and Son Electric come out and put in a dedicated 20 amp line into my garage and also some coach/garage lights outside my garage.
Clarence's work was outstanding in every way.
His attitude and professionalism was refreshing.
I can go on in detail about the excellent quality of his work but instead, let me say this, if you need an electrician who cares about his customers and more importantly his work, then call C Read & Son Electric.
You will not be disappointed.

We had Clarence come out and do some work for us.
he was fast,  professional, did good work, cleaned up after himself, and was very reasonably priced.
In additionan, he took the time to understand enough the work we were asking for to recognize that one of the things two other electricians had told us was a $400 fix actually required actually no work on his part or cost to us to resolve, and was completely code-compliant.
So if you want an electrician that actually engages his brain when determining how resolve your issues in a cost-effective manner, Clarence is the guy for you.
I'd recommend him anytime and antiipcate using him again in the future for my electrical needs.

C Read and Son Electric exceeded my expectations.
I had a huge two day job done.
From start to finish it was excellent.
Clarence came to my home to review the work and Jacki sent me an estimate in a timely manner.
I changed several things and nothing was ever a problem with them.
The work was done effectively and efficiently.
All my questions.
We're answered from the beginning to the end.
Clarence covered anything  countertops, beds, anything that might get dirty in the process.
My attic access is in my closet and he even covered over my clothes.
He returned things to where they were if he needed to  move them to do the job, and he cleaned up after himself.
Even my dogs were not a problem for him.
He was respectful and knowledgable in every way.
I highly recommend C Read and  Son  Electric.
They do quality work  at a fair price,

I used them to clean up some of the electrical issues that were noted on my new house from the inspector.
I had met with two other electricians to get a bid.
One of them had no clue about not needing to bond the breaker to plastic pipes.
The other one tried to sell me on re-wiring my entire breaker box since my microwave does not have the proper voltage feeding into it.
C Read and Son did not try to sell me on work that I did not need.
He was also aware that plastic pipes do not need to be bonded to the breaker box.
In terms of the work I had him do, he exceeded my expectations and he was reasonably priced.
I plan on using him for all my future needs since I know that he does quality work at a reasonable price and he knows what he is doing.
But most importantly I know that he won't try to sell me on expensive work that does not need to get done.

