After living around the corner from this joint for almost a year, I decided to venture in.
I had previously avoided the place because I am from NY and am often disappointed by pizza.
I just wasn't up to it.
I would rather make the 23 mile drive to Ray's in Scottsdale.
Besides, this place kept sending me coupons and I figured any business that has to do so much direct mail advertising probably does not have a product that speaks for itself.
I was wrong.
It was a chilly Friday afternoon when I finally succumbed to the call of pizza.
I walked into the glorified shoebox of a place (a good sign) and was immediately disappointed that there were no slices on display.
I like to look at them before I order.
Then I can be prepared for way to much cheese or to thick a crust or some other pizza travesty.
I was actually only here to look, so I told myself and the guy behind the counter.
Well since my super hero power is supreme lack of self control around potentially delicious items, I ordered a slice.
Every day from 11am to 3pm they have a slice and a soda for $4.
I didn't think this was a huge deal because in my head a slice still should cost $1.50.
That makes the soda what, $2.50?
Well I was a little more than floored when my slice arrived at the table.
It was served on a pizza pan with a rolling cutter.
Why, you may inquire?
Because the damned thing was bigger than my head!
Apparently it's a slice of a 24 inch pie.
OK, so maybe the $4 was a good deal after all.
As I have been so trained to do by my years on that fish- shaped island, I pressed my right thumb into the middle of the crust to help create the perfect pizza fold.
A delicious crunch accompanied the saucy steam rising off my pie.
And the whole thing held itself up as I prepared to take my first bite.
Tangy sauce, not too much cheese, crunchy crust... nice.
I can't wait to try their specialty pies- the Popeye looks amazing.
And I don't even have to say "light on the cheese, extra sauce, and crispy crust- you know, NY style" and just hope something edible comes out.
I shall return.

Remeber the movie Mystic Pizza with Julia Roberts?
They has some secret ingredient in the pizza that made is so so so tasty.
I swear there is something in this pizza that makes it so good.
I love this place and dont think I will ever eat pizza anywhere else.
The lunch special is insane.
They give you a slice of pizza that is equal to about 4 slices anywhere else.
PS.
It is really small but they have a few tables outside.

After an hour and a half the pizza was excellent.
There was a charity event here last night where half the proceeds went to the family in need.
Their volume had tripled due to the event and they handled it very well.
I've never seen a pizza place on overdrive like that as I saw about 65 pizzas slung out in an hour.
My pizza was excellent.
Pepperoni and cheese with just the right amount of sauce.
Great crust and not too doughy made it perfect.
One dozen wings with Joe's Sauce had just the right flavoring.
Not too spicy but not plain either.
I was mainly a Barro's fan but I will come back here for the customer service and the great pizza.

My son and his friends go for the lunch special (huge slice, 6 wings and a soda) for $4 all the time.
I decided to go with him one day.
Wings with Joe's sauce were really good (as good as The Vine in my opinion).
The pizza was fantastic - it reminded me of my high school days in NJ when we would go to the local pizza joint for 'a slice'.
It was huge!
The crust was fantastic.
I love pizza this pizza was very, very good.
Just a few cafe tables inside and a few tables outside so don't go with a group.
If you have a group - order their 24" pie to go  - that's right they make a 24" pie and I'm looking for a reason to order one soon.
They call it "The Big Jimmy".
No beer, no wine, just really good pizza.
Just wish it was closer to home!

OK....I'm originally from New Jersey.
Growing up, my family used to get out take out pizza from a place where the owner (Nino) didn't speak any English....he was from Italy.
Nino tossed the pizza by hand (with no rubber gloves - GASP!
) and used to hide his money in one of the pizza boxes rather than use the cash register.
This was an era before Domino's, Pizza Hut or Papa Johns.
So this has become the yardstick by which all pizza is measured for me.
I'm happy to say that Jimmy & Joe's passes the litmus test ol' man Nino established for me years ago....a nice, family owned place with good value and an excellent quality pizza.
Sauce can make or break a pizza and J&J's does not disappoint; it's tangy and delicious and the pie (that's right...pie!
) has just the right balance of cheese and sauce.
While I can't comment on any of the specialty pizzas (hey I'm a purist...cheese or pepperoni for me!
) I can say that the pepperoni is spicy and flavorful and has a unique taste that I haven't found anywhere else.
Jimmy and Joe's is small...almost hidden away but it it well worth the hunt for this Chandler pizza gem.
Not really good for large parties (unless you are taking out - of course) but great to duck in for a slice.
They also have a drive in pick-up spot (complete with one of those pneumatic rubber hose bell ringers!
) that I make regular use of.
You will not be disappointed.

My wife and i were at Zipps watching a game and decided to have lunch at this little joint.
We were not expecting much because the place looked like a teeny bopper joint.
There were high school kids all over the place with skate boards.
The girl working the register was 16 and slow and didn't really know how to take an order.
Even the kid making the pizzas behind the counter seemed like he was 17.
They were all wearing these black t-shirts with their logo on it as if it were a high school senior year shirt.. Yeah, the place looked like a Jamba Juice populated with kids  However, we were hungry and it was too late to ask for our money back now.
We also spent 10 bucks for two salads, two slices and two drinks.
That's obviously not expensive but it's not exactly a deal either.
We were shocked.
The pizza was a 5/5.
It was better than Rays.
It was better than Gus.
It was better Venezia.
The crust was crispy but not burnt.
The sauce was tangy but not overpowering.
The mozzarella tasted like real mozzarella in that it was slightly rubbery and had that great salt water aftertaste.
In other words, it tasted like a genuine NY pie.
I know the New Yorkers are not going to give it's full due out of pride but if you put this place in NY and removed the Jamba Juiece ambience, any New Yorker would be fooled.
Anyway, that 1 slice was practically the size of an entire pizza.
The flavor was spot on.
We go to NYC a lot so we know what real "pie" tastes like and this place passed the litmus test.
If you have read my other reviews, you know I'm rather picky in regards to critiquing places and this pizza passed my standards.
It's also much better tasting than high profile places like Gus' pizza in Tempe.
In fact, there is no comparison, this place is significantly better..
The reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because it's tiny and doesn't really have any place to eat.
Rays and Gus' feel like a large 10,000 sq foot Chinese buffet by comparison.
Also, the teenager Jamba Juice atmosphere is a little annoying

I'm a pizza fan.
A HUGE pizza fan to be exact, and I wouldn't call myself picky.
I'll eat frozen pizza, I'll eat Papa John's or I'll eat Papa Murphy's.
It all depends on convenience.
Jimmy and Joe's might convince me to drive halfway across the Valley just for a slice.
Whether it's the $5ish lunch special that includes a drink and a HUGE slice of pie or a delicious small, this place has got the goods.
It's a little pricey if you don't have the special, but it sure is worth it.

The pizza here is pretty damn good.
I am a New Yorker and have very high standards.
This place passes the " ok for AZ" taste test.
I do have 2 major issues.
They are way too pricey and they do not deliver until after 3 on Sundays.
You guys ever here of football?
I actually had a pie from here tonight and was a bit upset that it was soggy.
Keep that crust crispy.

Ok we had a run in with this place today.
My buddy loves it and swears it is the best pizza around.
I'd had it once and thought it was ok at best, definitely not the best in town like new times says.
Tried to order today for football... they do not deliver until 3 on sundays?!
WTF!
They HAVE to be Mormons, with the limited Sunday hours.
We ended up getting Domino's yuck.

The pizza is just OK.
Pretty crowded at lunch time and seating is a nightmare.
Get the lunch special, you get a personal pizza slicer and a pan.
Would get it to go if I didn't live in the west valley.
Good idea to have a separate take out door but don't count on this place to be acceptable for those of us with disabilities to get around.

Jimmy & Joe's Pizza oh how I love thee and miss thee.
Terry Black (owner) is one of the friendliest people I have ever met and his daughter Amy that runs the store when he is not there is equally so.
On to the pizza.
Its good-got a little kick of spice in the sauce.
You can't beat the lunch special and if you are feeding a crowd make sure you order the Big Jimmy.
I would have given it 5 stars but I have had an occasion or two when the pizza was a little below average.

A really good pizza experience.
They give you your huge slice on a pizza tin and give you little pizza cutters to slice it up.
Mon-Tues you can get a second dozen wings for $1.00.
Great owners.
They are always crowded which is always a good sign.
Very good food and service.

I don't care what they put on it, the crust is SO GOOD!!!
I love a good crust, but it is so hard to find.
This place has it, I ate my crust and my kids crusts!
Thin crust pizza with a variety of toppings.
I had the White Pizza (mozzarella, garlic, tomato and basil) while my kids split a cheese slice.
Nary any grease on my pizza and all ingredients tasted fresh.
Good sauce, with flavor- but not overpowering.
As mentioned, I brought my kids with me and felt comfortable with them there.
The service was prompt and very friendly, the restaurant was clean, and the menu selection was pretty good!
$4.50 for a huge slice and a regular drink...seemed like a pretty good deal to me.
Already looking for an excuse to go back!
Also love the idea of supporting a local independent business!
After reading previous reviews about heavy lunch traffic I went a little after 1pm, and still snagged the last indoor table.
Next time around I think I'll do their curbside pick up and bring it home.
Too bad they can't expand their dining room.

Besides being a small place (which any small biz starts out in) this place is as close to the NJ and NYC pizza i love as it gets in az.
I was lucky enough to do one of the owners wifes hair and she gave me a coupon for a serious slice to try it out and i have been going there ever since.
It isnt easy to see from the street but its a great place and worth the money for sure.
the serious slice combo for lunch is a great deal.
Try the joe's sauce on your pizza you wont be sad if you like spicy stuff.
keep being amazing guys!

You are seeing a continuing trend here.
When it first opened it was a 5 star place but since then the pizza has been inconsistent and going down hill.
The last pizza I ordered, the crust was soggy and it had too much yeast.
The cheese was also too rubbery and tasteless.
I grew up watching 90210 like many of us "old folks.
" They had the Peach Pit.
Do you remember that place.
Well Jimmy and Joes is the pizza version of the Peach Pit.
Yes, me and my 30's felt age inappropriate when I arrived.
And I immediately felt like I was in high school again when I went to grab a tiny ketchup cup to grab some wing sauce and they said it was 60 cents.
Another person walked in and they gave him a hard time because he didn't have his coupon on him even though he read the coupon code over the phone.
It had that high school vibe..you know the one I'm talking about the..."I owe you 3 dollars and I'll pay you back tomorrow.
" vibe.
That vibe is felt when you park there.
There is limited parking as it is and whatever parking they have, there are signs that limit you to 20 minutes parking almost implying they don't want you to eat there.
I was too afraid to take napkins because I'm sure it had some price or limitation attached just like everything else there.
I've eaten here several times and I've reached this conclusion: eat at the place but don't pick up pizza here.
JJ specializes in the one slice and drink.
Their short slices are done well and if you don't eat it hot when it comes right out of the oven, it loses it's flavor fast.
I've picked up pizza and it's almost like two different pizzas.
When I picked it up, the cheese was exrtremely rubbery and the crust was so chewy like steak.
This is a great place for a short lunch or a business lunch but I wouldn't order several pies if I was hosting a Superbowl party or had people over.

The first time I had one of thier gigantic pizza's I was in heaven.
It was so so so good.
Since then I have ordered pizza from them twice and it just hasn't been that good.
The last time the sauce on the cheese pizza was spicy and my kids wouldn't eat it.
I will not order from them again.

J&J presents a real reviewing dilemma.
I've been getting pies from here since they opened.
I didn't like it.
I tried again a few months later, the pie was awesome!
I tried again a week later, back to bad.
Over the last couple of years J&J has maintained this hit and miss pattern.
The pies are more often really good than bad, and are rarely really bad.
That said, the last two pies I had were both bad.
With the last one so bad I didn't finish a single slice.
The cheese was clumped and uncooked in spots.
The sauce was over the top with crushed pepper, too spicy for a regular pizza.
The crust was soggy AND burnt in places.
Maybe the oven wasn't clean or the temp was off, but in any case a total failure of quality control!
So how do I rate them?
Based on their best pie?
Their worst?
Some imaginary average?
Well, I chose the latter.
I based my rating on the probability of a good product.
Honestly though, I'm not likely to get a pie here for quite a while.
There are simply too many other really good pizza places, why risk it here?
Caveat Emptor friend!

Edit 1/2010:    I'll leave my original review untouched, but feel that I need to add that this place, as other reviewers have noted, can't seem to turn out a consistent pizza from day to day to save their life.
We've switched over to Venezia's for our slice cravings, which not only has better prices, but a much friendlier staff.
Also, we don't have to navigate teenie-bopper hell to get to the register.
Farewell J&J's, you lost us with your ever increasing prices and inconsistent quality.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Old review:  Normally I like thick crust pizza, not New York style.
But this is probably the best thin crust pizza I've had in the valley, and I'm a pizza snob.
I have regularly stopped in for a Serious Slice since they opened, and it quickly became a favorite.
Even though I occasionally get an inconsistent piece, it's mostly 4 to 5 star quality.
However...  As great as the pizza is, they've gone ahead and raised the price for a slice for the second time in a little over a year.
It went from $3.99 to $4.50, and now to $5 for a slice and a drink.
At this point, I can no longer justify the price.
I wish the owner would allow a no drink option at a reduced price, so we'll see what happens.

So it's probably not very fair or objective, but hey, first impressions, right?
I went over for a slice for lunch around 1 pm.
I've always noticed that this place does not provide much space to sit or hang out and I thought the 'lunch crowd' might have died down by then.
Not so much!
There was 1 girl passing out orders and taking them.
She was super friendly and upbeat though.
I had to be the girl to point out there was no ice in the soda fountain but she was more than happy to hop up there and put more in.
So considering that there was only 1 person behind the register and a ton of patrons, say maybe 20?
It wasn't a bad experience.
I waited about 10 min.
from the time I walked in to when I walked out with my slice.
Pizza slices are ginormous which is always fun and better than every other place with just regular sized slices, right?
However; it was mediocre pizza.
I mean, I definitely prefer, Buonos, Pestos or Barros for this area.
Thin floppy, greasy slices are not what I like in a pizza, but I would like to go back when I can sit down and spend more time checking everything out.
It's always busy so maybe I need to give it another shot.
It's not like pizza can ever be that bad, right?
Like sex?
Even when it's not that good, it's stil pretty good!!
Jimmy and Joe's, you're all right, but unfortunately, "I've had better!

This place is fantastic.
Obviously when you are getting a 12" slice of pizza during lunch it's not going to be the greatest slice of pie ever, but for what you pay, the ridiculous size, and how good it is, the lunch special almost deserves five stars on its own.
Not to mention the Joe's sauce is amazing.
The staff is always friendly and helpful to the neophytes, and they have a huge assortment of toppings.
I do have to agree with some of the reviewers however, the pizza can be a little hit or miss.
When it's on the pie is fantastic, when it's off, it's just average.
If you are in Chandler, and haven't had the lunch special, you need to try it.
Otherwise, consider it a pizza place that's just better than your average takeout place.

Pizza by the slice...I thought I left that back in NY.
I was very happy to find a place that does slices.
Jimmy and Joe's just does not do slices they do SLICES.
However, do not get too excited this is not NY pizza.
Very far from it.
The crust is super doughy and the cheese and sauce are just OK.
This slice would never make it back home.
It would be sent to Pizza jail for perpetrating a REAL slice.
Hey but what do I expect this is AZ.
I have been here numerous times and we order regularly from them for delivery.
It is kind of hit and miss with the slices when you go in.
I am guessing because they are usually sitting there and you have to reheat them etc.
When we order delivery the pies are great, hot, cheesy with fresh toppings.
So I would say if you are in their range for delivery then by all means do so or pick up a pie.
They can keep the slices.
The salads are OK.
I think they should invest in better dressing.
They use the  cheap store brought stuff and you can definitely tell.
J and J upgrade to better dressing.
The place seems to be run my a bunch of teenagers.
I never see anyone in there older than 22 or so.
But I have to say they are always attentive, cheerful and get your food out to you ASAP.
However, if you are staying in to eat be prepared for teenage chatter as the staffers have friends coming and going.
Can get a bit annoying but that could just be me.

Looks:  Jimmy & Joe's is a pizza joint with a couple tables and a soda fountain.
There's outdoor seating, but half of the year in AZ is too hot for that (and the reflective metal tables don't help.
)  You're better off doing takeout.
Food:  They're known for their giant 24" Big Jimmy pizza that barely fits through a doorway.
At lunch, they have 1-slice combos w/ drinks + salads or wings.
Trust me, one slice is plenty of food.
The pizza is good, but not great.
It's a notch above  delivery chain pizza.
(For a quick lunch, I prefer the pizza at NYPD.
)  Value:  The lunch combos go from $5 to $7 and they're a good value.
I think the whole pizzas are a little expensive, especially the Big Jimmy.
But hey, I guess charging a premium for a pizza that massive is acceptable.
Miscellaneous:  The place has a stamp card that gives double stamps on Thursday.
People really seemed to like the Jimmy sauce, a tangy buffalo wing sauce.
Verdict:  I'd go back occasionally for lunch, especially on Thursday.

"Serious Slices" really means 1/4th of a pizza!!
My first time there was last Sunday.
I walked in and was immediately asked what I would like (I was impressed ..remember, I live in Yuma).
I explained it was my first visit there and was curious what type of pizza slices they had.
In a very clear and friendly manner the employee (maybe Jimmy or Joe?
) explained the slices were custom made to order and told me all of their current specials.
He then handed me a frequent buyer card (Buy 10 slices get 1 free) and gave me two stamps since it was my first visit.
Nice!
The slice was ready in ~ 5-10min...delivered to the nice outside table.
Excellent crust, plenty of toppings/sauce, and served hot/fresh!
I signed up for their VIP club after I ate.
A different employee (younger girl) helped me out and was very friendly.
Gas to get there from Yuma...$30  A pepperoni and mushroom slice with a drink.....$6.45  VIP club....$0  Great customer service giving you the "I cant wait to come back here" feeling... Priceless!
I am going back this weekend and am looking fwd to trying the other menu items...garlic bread, calzone, etc...

You really can't beat a place that gives you a personal pizza slicer with your single pizza slice.
For 5 bucks at lunch, you get a refillable fountain drink and this huge slice.
All the ingredients taste fresh and create a great slice.
I've been here once and I will definitely go back!
I ordered the lunch special that comes with 6 wings.
These wings were good, but after seeing how large the slice was, you have to be hungry to order them!
I think I'll be alright just ordering the slice and drink for now on!

Get the serious slice!
You won't regret it!
I've been to many pizzerias and nothing comes close to this one.
They have this delicious pizza sauce that you can't get anywhere else.

Place is awsome.
Been going there for a bout a year when I'm on that end of town and only been bummed out once.
The pizza is perfect 99% of the time and the workers are always cool.
If your looking for a huge slice fer lunch its a must.

You want a slice bigger than your face?
If you answered "Yes.
" then this is the place for you.
This is by my daughters' school, so sometimes we'll grab a bite there on our way home.
The slice is enough for them to split and share.
Save yourself some money and order the lunch special.

God this place is overrated like none other.
I think its because its the only place that does slices in the area?
It is like a revelation apparently.
Its pretty busy during the weekday lunch hours.
Its good pizza, don't get me wrong, but people talk about this like its SO AMAZING.
I think the hype comes from all of the high school students that go to Corona Del Sol who haven't had better.
There is stuff out there that is just as good if not better.
Also, it doesn't cost as much.
$30 for a 24" pizza.
hmm, lemme think about that.
NO.
venezia's is cheaper on wednesdays.
oh the lunch specials?
yeah, venezia's is cheaper and just as good.
in fact, they have combo deals available all day that are cheaper, just as good, and just as filling.
service is retarded.
just like someone else noted, its a bunch of teenagers.
i'm not sure what you would expect from them.
maybe hire someone who is hmm...not a teenager?
i'm really not sure what all the hype about this place is about.
it is good stuff, but doesn't live up to the hype.
the pricing leaves something to be desired, and if it was a bit cheaper it'd be a more viable option.
however, as it is, i think the pricing keeps this place from getting a 4-star.

Love this place!
Their slices are delicious (and HUGE) and a great deal.
Service is always fast and good.
Their loyalty programs (frequent visits and VIP card) are also great.
The fact that they're locally owned and support the local community doesn't hurt either.
:)  It's basically the only place I go to for pizza nowadays.
1 slice is more than enough, and I love that I can get it just the way that I want.
If you're a member of their VIP program (free to join) you can also get the slices for dinner too.

I like this a lot better than any of the other take out pizza in the area.
This is a quick and tasty Sunday night dinner.

Portions are large, pizza was average.
Place was moderately busy, so service was slow.
I will not be in a hurry to come back.

So back in Nov & Dec I tried a few more orders from here.
The consistency and quality control seems much improved.
Still not my favorite pizza or wings, but not bad either.
The sauce still has a bit of sting to it, so if spicy isn't your thing - avoid.

The pizza here is pretty good.
The wings were decent.
The pricing wasn't too bad, $5 for a huge slice and a beverage.
The service was adequate, friendly and quick enough.
The inside section is tiny and can get cramped pretty quickly.

As pizza by the slice goes, this one hit the medium to low category for me.
Sure the slices are fecking huge, but for even cheaper I can get two regular sized slices plus a drink at Bonos just down the street.
And the pizza is much better there too.
My pizza had almost no sauce, and was real bland.
Although the crust did have a decent chewy consistency.
The service by the teenagers on staff was also pretty poor.

Okay, if you can eat more than one of their big ol' slices, then I will crown you some sort of food-eating royalty.
Holy mashoogah, Batman, those things are huge.
Quality-wise, the pizza is solid.
Not great, not bad, but solid.
The slices are thin, the sauce is good, the cheese is also quite good.
Not a lot of toppings to each slice, but that's totally fine.
Why is that fine, you ask?
Well, you, it's because you go to Jimmy and Joe's to drown your pizza in the extra hot sauce and house sauce, which renders just about every slice, no matter the type, into a puddle of unmitigated pleasure.
An unrelenting assault on your tastebuds.
Really, this place is a gem that you wouldn't even know was there, except for the people sitting at the outside tables at all hours of the day.
It's a local joint, and the food is good, and the service is great, and it's affordable for even the most thrifty of us.

Best local pizza place ever!!!!!
KEEP IT LOCAL!!!!

The staff is here is always friendly and usually pretty fast (sometimes they have lines out the door so I cut 'em some slack).
We eat there a LOT and the pizza and wings are consistently good and very reasonably priced for the specials.
We always get the slice and wings special, which comes with a drink.
If you get the VIP card, this special is available any time of the day.
Yes, there are better pizzas out there, but my family and I still choose to eat here.
It's close, it's friendly, it's affordable and it hits the spot.

I only enjoy the finer pizza's in life and this place is amazing.
Its more of a grab a slice for lunch or order take out for the family place rather than a sit down dining experience.
The pizza is amazing, I am a vegetarian so I usually hit the regular cheese or the veggie pizza and they are both awesome.
Enjoy!
Go for the big Jimmy...
I dare ya!

3/2/11  I've wanted to try this place since a coworker suggested it to me back in December.
I trusted his judgment since he also mentioned liking Pomo, which I've bookmarked to try a LONG time ago, when Yelp was all a-buzz about how great the pies were THERE.
I could never locate Jimmy & Joe's though, when I was hungry for pizza.
I'd always see the sign from the road when I had just eaten, or was on my way to another restaurant, but today I actually wrote down the cross-streets so that I would finally get to try their Gourmet cheese.
Since I usually get a cheesy no-sauce pizza, I try to get my veggies in by either adding aritchokes or, even better, asparagus (extremely rare to find at pizza joints, but I have ordered pizzas w/ it before!
), but today I decided I'd have a Greek salad, which included mixed greens and romaine lettuce, chopped tomatoes, pitted whole kalamata olives, sliced red onion, and feta.
I was very hungry, which might have prejudiced me into really enjoying the salad.
It was so HUGE!
Even after I had more than my fill of it, there was still so much left-- it almost looked like I hadn't touched it!
I found the feta to be creamy enough not to use much of the delicious blue cheese salad dressing.
Warning: I thought that all of the saltiness I detected came from the olives.
I was wrong-- a lot of it came from the feta itself, which I detected later on, when I had more of the salad after arriving home.
Just thought I'd warn you, in case this was an important issue...
The pizza arrived about 15 minutes after I ordered it.
First thing that struck me is that it had tomato sauce on it!!
What??
I wondered what made me think it was going to be all-cheese?
Oh, well.
The chunks of ricotta looked promising, so I let the matter of the sauce go.
I initially thought the crust was going to be perfectly-crisped, but I very soon found out that this pizza is VERY doughy!
Whatever crunch I found didn't last very long.
The sauce was also VERY salty-- a fact that another coworker highlighted when I told him I didn't care for the pizza at Jimmy & Joe's.
We actually chimed "It's too salty" in stereo!
I found that funny :)  The different cheeses (mozz, ricotta, provolone, and parmesan) didn't really translate into great flavor, either.
There was too miuch stringy mozzarella, and I couldn't even taste the provolone.
This pie had "FAIL" all over it!
At least dessert was OK- I really wanted to try the chocolate cake, but since no one had the ingredient info, I had to pass on it, and instead, I went for the Grandma's Black Cookie, which was essentially a chocolate chip cookie w/ walnuts and oatmeal.
This cookie was so big, it spanned the whole length of my open hand!
I really enjoyed its flavors, as well as its textures- crunchy outside and moist and chewy interior.
A bit too salty in the end, though, but it tasted really great accompanied by a cup of "super-charged," yet burnt Circle K coffee just around the corner...
Customer service was friendly enough, if a little ill-prepared when it came to answering some of my questions: Are the veggies used fresh or canned?
"Don't know.
"  (Although the kitchen was able to answer, after I'd asked the girl at the counter to go and ask.
)  Are the salad dressings made in-house?
"No.
Everything's from a bottle, but we do make our own BBQ sauce.
"  O-K...
If you sign up for their emails, you can get coupons or SMS texts to use at J&J's.
However, good deals won't get me to stop at J&J's for a second time.
Sorry, but w/ so many other delicious options out there, I will have to pass J&J by!

We went to the one in Mesa (Dobson/Baseline) after seeing it was rated as one of the east valley's best pizza places.
No arguments there!!
Delicious!
We had the white pizza, some garlic bread, a dozen wings (Joe's sauce), and drinks...for about $25.
Plus, if you sign up for their VIP club, you get some awesome perks!
Read: free pizza on your birthday and anniversary, as well as points for every dollar you spend!

This review is for the Dobson location.
This place has the stumbling block of being located in a desperately unfortunate plaza that has all but died and been forgotten about and is a real pain in the ass to get into.
I am sure the place would be cleaning up if it had a better spot.
That being said, the value for food volume is sure to have the rabid fandom of all of the Dobson high school male athletes.
Eating one of these serious slices is too much food for anyone not doing wind sprints on a daily basis.
They are friendly and up front about their slice size giving a life sized outline of what you're getting on the ordering counter and the menu level...so you know what you are in for.
Massive pizza consumption.
Good pie, not the best, but definitely not the worst.
Mostly I was pleased with the girls working in the shop, being friendly and engaging, explaining to everyone ordering how it worked and not seeming to get tired of it.
I like that they offer wings regular or boneless, and the streamlined menu, curbside service and great staff will most likely put it on a regular rotation for me.
Plus it serves as two meals (for me) which is always a plus.

This place gets 4 stars because the pizza is good and it's really cheap, it's really that simple...
Some of the best pizza in AZ, the slices are huge.
I've been here for lunch a few times and I've never been disappointed.
The wings are pretty good too.
It's cheap ($5 for a huge slice and a drink @ lunch) so it's definitely worth checking it out.
There isn't a lot of seating so I wouldn't go with more than 4 people.
They have Pepsi products which I hate so I get Ice Tea.

The best slice special in town!

Love to come here for lunch.
For 5 bucks you can get a huge and I mean HUGE slice of pizza and a drink.
I love their special hot sauce for the pizza.
Its a mix of Italian dressing and wing sauce from my study of it.
I never used to put hot sauce on my pizza until I went to this place.
I only put it on when I eat pizza here, every once in a while I like to savior a few untainted bites though.
The full size pizzas are even better but never in the area to take home a full size pizza at night.

Good, solid slice pizza but a bit pricey.
This is my second time eating here, both times were good.
Crust is very good, however the sauce was a bit bland this time.
One other thing, I asked for tomatoes and they put raw, diced tomatoes on top (the kind you would expect on a taco) rolling off the edge of the pizza - bad idea.
Still, this is a step up from Ray's or Barro's if you're in the mood for a slice.
But I still think the best sliced pizza in the area is AJ's.

I'm going to try out writing this review with bullet points... Just so that you all get the just of it!
)  Fantastic Pizza.
Great Portions.
Tasty Toppings.
) Great for Lunch, as they have tons of specials.
) Easily accessable, located right next to the Chase Bank.
The negative?
) They have almost no room to eat in the store.
The chairs are tiny and uncomfortable.
It's dark and extremely close-knit.
Not a great eat-in experience.
My recommendation?
) Order ahead of time, take the food home, and enjoy yourself.
It's a fantastic slice of pizza, no doubt!

A good pizza.
Salads are a little weak.
A few tables, so you better get take out.
It's a good local pizza place, the kids enjoy, so I frequent for a quick pizza to go.

A few weeks ago, I saw a kid at lunch at my school with a "seriously" big slice of pizza.
I asked him where he got it and he showed me the soda cup that came with it.
Jimmy & Joe's eh?
Gotta try that place.
Okay.
Today I did.
I got their Special #1, which is a "serious slice" of pizza and a bottomless drink.
The pizza wasn't the best I've had, but it was a pretty damn big slice.
For $5, this was a good deal.
They apparently also offer a 25 inch pizza here for about a $1 per inch, and they also deliver, which is a plus.
Great, I found a place near my work where I can fill myself up for $5 and refill my drink one last time to go.
.sounds like lunch to me.

I ordered this place for delivery, so I can't speak to their by the slice pricing that everyone seems impressed with.
Their pizza is not bad by any means, but they are more expensive than comparable quality places IMO.
I have not try any of their specialties because after trying a simple pepperoni I just couldn't justify $20 for a large.
I have also tried their wings and calzones, which both of which I enjoyed.
"Joe's Sauce" for their wings is a mix of their medium and Italian dressing, and it is quite tasty, but their wings are very low on actual meat quantity.
The calzone I got was fantastic though, and was definitely huge!
Next time I order this place I am skipping the pizza, and just getting a Calzone :).

Great pizza and great prices!
Only problem is delivery gets backed up during peak times.
Wait time over 1 hour?
Plan ahead if you want to eat here but you won't be disappointed with the pizza.
The sauce they use is delicious!

Great pizza for a great price!
And the staff is super friendly.
I can't even count how many times I've been here.
One of my favs!

Serious slice of pizza.
It's HUGE!
Taste's great.
Try them, you'll love the pizza.

Great pizza!!!!
Has got to be the best pizza in town.
Just don't count on any real customer service.

Wow.
I can't believe a year went by before I found this place.
Ginormous slices from full pies that they make exactly when they're needed.
They don't have them chillin' in the front (or the back) like *some* other places.
That means you might have to wait a little bit but you'll get a cheesy slice with any toppings you want that has a great flavor, crispy and soft crust exactly how I think of "New York Style" that you can fold and down with your favorite soda.
They even give you a pizza slice to cut that massive slice down to size.
$6 flat for a huge slice + drink.
Slightly pricey but worth it in this case.
Great place for a slice.
Avoid smaller pies - too doughy.
Loses half a star for this.
Also, extremely limited seating and service is lacking - high school / college students don't make the greatest hosts, but the food is good.
That's what counts in my book.
Oh - Venezia's in Tempe has similar size slices for cheaper, but I get a stomach ache after eating there.
So, J&Js wins even though it is pricier.

Exceeded my expectations for sure!
Really good pizza we'll order again and again and tell all our friends :) The wings were also a hit!

It is good pizza.
The slice is huge for lunch.
Ordered the 24 Big Jimmy.
It gets soggy in the middle.
Stick with their regular size large.
More and more of these pizza companies are using the toaster conveyor to cook.
Im not a big fan of that.

Consistently good pizza, but definitely not the best pizza I've had, not by a long shot.
But the size of the slice, for the price, is a really good deal!
And when you eat in, they give it to you on a platter, with a little personal pizza cutter to eat it with.
The novelty of that never gets old.

Very good, very consistent quality pizza.
Huge pies.
Nice variety of toppings!
I can personally recommend the "Top 2" on the menu (The Company Combo and the Chicken Pesto; so different that we split our 24" between the 2), as well as the BBQ and The Popeye.
Have ate there and taken out 3-4 times now and NO COMPLAINTS.
We will definitely go back but unfortunately, we have a few other closer places (Oregano's and NYPD and Vincent's) that are my family's "go to" favorites...

The best pizza place in Phoenix.
The serious slice is the best deal around and the pizza taste amazing.
I have never tried Joe's sauce (forever whatever reason I don't know why), but I am told it only makes the pizza better.
I have been going to Jimmy and Joe's for 6 years.
Whenever I try a new pizza joint, I always compare it to Jimmy and Joe's and its never a competition.
JJP always wins!

I used to love this place, but no more.
I was just treated like absolute crap by the employees and will never go back.
The pizza is good, but there are plenty of other places that make good pizza and don't treat the customers like they are disposable.

I was upset the first time I went.
Now I can't stop going.
It's SO GOOD!
Ahhhhh!

Very good pizza!

This is another one of my favorite lunch spots in Chandler.
If I feel like pizza for lunch when I am working in our Chandler day spa, I always visit Jimmy and Joe's.
The slices are giant and come with an individual pizza cutter.
There is outside and inside seating and the staff has always been friendly.
Definitely worth a stop if you want a slice of pizza in Chandler, AZ.

Great lunch specials, giant slices, and don't forget to get your card stamped to earn a free slice!

The pizza here is really good, no denying that.
The service however, is not.
My fiance and I have been here two times.
Once on New Year's Eve and we ate in the restaurant which was a pretty good experience even with it being a holiday.
The pizza was delicious and the service was a little slow but not bad and I give them some leeway with it being a holiday.
The second time was horrible.
We decided to do a carry out order for one large pizza and some wings.
A pretty simple order.
We decided to wait in the restaurant and we were told it would be about fifteen minutes, no problem I didn't mind.
The girl at the register had to ask two times for us to repeat the order and seemed very distracted.
She did not remember to give my fiance his receipt and we had to ask her to do a reprint which she had no idea how to do.
We then sat down to wait and we were patient and in no hurry.
After twenty minutes had gone by my fiance went up to ask if our order would be up soon.
The same girl who had no idea what was going on told us that it would be a few more minutes.
A young man on a skateboard had come in and she was flirting with him and looking at his cellphone the entire twenty minutes we had been waiting.
I had noticed an ordered had been placed in the pick up window and was sitting there for about five minutes.
I figured it was for someone coming in to pick up because the girl had not approached the window and knew we were sitting there waiting, all while still giggling in the corner flirting with her boyfriend.
After thirty five minutes had gone by my fiance and I were very irritated especially after being told it would only be fifteen.
Come to find out the pizza and wings in that to go window, were ours.
My fiance asked once again where our order was and the girl looked puzzled and said, "oh what are waiting on again"?!?
Really??
We've only asked you about it two times already!
She finally goes to look in the pick up window which had now been sitting there for over ten minutes with no warming device.
The pizza and wings were of course cold once we finally got them home.
I called to speak with a manager that night and I was told there was not a manager on duty and that I would have to call the next afternoon.
I just figured forget it and that I will not be coming back here anytime soon.
The pizza is great when it is warm but if the service continues to be like this they will certainly lose business.
For me this is no go.
At least at this point in time.
Horrible customer service!

I love that this place boasts a New Times award for 2008 & 2010 on it's pizza box.
Well, it's 2013 and this place is not the best of anything.
I've recently had to change my diet because of gluten intolerance (I know, everybody has a gluten issue these days).
So I went online to search for a pizza joint that offered gluten free crust and delivered, as I had to stay at work late and was getting hungry.
I found this place on Yelp and the reviews seemed okay, so it was worth a shot.
They have an online ordering system, which was very nice.
I got the 12" gluten free thin crust, with 1 topping (sausage), and cut into squares.
They said it would take about 45 minutes.
No problem.
About 30 minutes after completing my order online the delivery boy was at my door.
I was impressed by the fast service.
I shouldn't have been.
It should have been telling.
Like when you go to McDonald's, order your food, and they have the tray with your food sitting on the counter before you're even done paying.
You know that stuff has been sitting there for days.
So I go and sit down with my pizza.
Mmm, smells good, and I'm super hungry.
So I open the lid and first thing I notice is there is literally 12 little sausages on the pizza.
Little, as in M&M size.
They charge $1.40 for one topping.
$1.40 for 12 little pieces of sausage?
My god, I can buy a Little Caesar's sausage pizza for $6.00 and that thing is covered in sausage.
I could pick off all the sausages from a Little Caesar's pizza, throw them in a bag, and sell them on the corner for at least 5 bucks.
Apparently Jimmy Joe's can't afford it.
"Okay", I think, "That's okay, I can forgive the sausage shortage".
So I grab my first piece.
Or I tried to grab my first piece.
The pizza isn't cut.
It has indentations in it.
It looks like someone tried to cut it, but the blade didn't go all the way through.
What?
How does a pizza place not have a blade that goes all the way through a pizza?
I'm frustrated and a little disappointed now.
Apparently Jimmy Joe's wants me to rip the 12" Frisbee apart with my teeth, like a cave woman.
All right Jimmy Joe's, challenge accepted.
So I rip a chunk off the edge of the pizza and take my first bite.
I immediately have to spit it out.
THE PIZZA IS NOT COOKED.
It's dough.
It's a pancake of raw dough with melted cheese and sauce on top.
It's inedible.
Gee, I wonder why they couldn't get a pizza cutter through the pizza.
Now I know.
The funny thing is, the complete crust of the pizza is burnt to a crisp.
It's a thin crust, 12" pizza.
Can someone explain to me how you can completely burn the crust of a thin crust pizza and yet have the rest of the pizza completely uncooked?
Especially when you are a pizzeria?
How?
How is that even possible?
I use to cook pizzas when I was in high school.
You make the pizza, stick it in one end of the oven and the thing comes out the other end fully cooked.
And if it's not cooked, well gee, I don't know, maybe you put it in the oven for 5 more minutes.
Isn't this their job?
Cooking pizzas?
And you can't even do that right.
How sad.
So, you can imagine, by this point I am seriously pissed off.
I can forgive the stinginess on the sausage.
I can forgive my pizza not being cut.
But how on earth am I suppose to even be able to say if I like someones food or not, if I can't even eat it?
It's unforgivable.
$16/pizza + $3/delivery + $2/tax + $3/tip.
Wow.
$24 later and I get a piece of raw dough with some little rat dropping sized sausage on top.
Lucky me.
Now I'm at work for another 2 hours, with no dinner.
Thanks Jimmy Joe's!
Now I have to waste my own time and gas to drive to this place, give them their disgusting pizza back, and get a refund.
I get there and I realize as soon as I walk in why this place can't cook a pizza.
It's pretty obvious there is no one in charge of anyone in this place.
No manager, no owner.
Just a bunch of people standing around doing nothing.
Guy at the front asks me what I need.
I told him I wanted a refund on this pizza I ordered.
He asks me if it's from today.
Really?
Do people hold on to food for longer than a day to return it later?
Gross.
I told him yes and he asks what was wrong with it.
I told him, "It's not cooked.
It's a piece of dough, it's inedible.
" Swear to god, he says, "Oh, ok. " Wow.
No, "Oh, I'm sorry about that" or any kind of shocked reaction that they would have sent out an uncooked pizza to someone.
It's apparently such a normal occurrence for this place, that the acceptable reaction to a customer returning something is "Oh, ok".
The guy goes to get my refund.
There is a kid in the back eating cookies over the prep area.
Nasty.
So I finally get my money back and a very delayed, "Sorry about that".
Oh Jimmy Joe's, it's okay.
You keep up the great work.
I know you'll be in business a long time with such great food.

You've got to try this place!
After living in Chandler for a year and half we finally got around to trying Jimmy & Joe's Pizzeria and we are so glad we did.
First off the place is small but they do have a few tables inside and a handful outside.
We were lucky because the sun was down and it was a breezy night, so we opted to stay but sit outside.
We both ordered the serious slice; pepperoni.
It's always good to test out a classic before getting into the complex pizzas.
The pizza slices are pretty serious!
One is the size of two large slices.
They're similar in size I'd say to Venezia's but just slightly wider.
They come on round metal pans and accompanied by a pizza cutter!
At first I was thrown off by the pizza cutter and just wanted a regular knife but I soon got used to it and thought it was fun.
The pizza itself was soooo- good!
It was mostly thin crust New York style; I say mostly because the outer edge, where you'd normally hold a slice of pizza, was thicker.
I wish it was as thin as the rest of the crust.
Anyhow, it had thick melty cheese and oregano sprinkled on top.
I always add more oregano and we both add the red pepper flakes.
We both were in heaven with these slices.
The serious slices are $5.50 and come with a drink, .50¢ extra for additional toppings.
Jimmy & Joes does offer pick up, of course, and delivery.
This place was so good we decided to go back two days later for lunch.
I'm pretty sure Jimmy & Joe's will be our pizzeria of choice for quite a while.

I just live around the corner and have MISSED this great pizza place I could walk to!
The owner frequents the starbucks I work at and was generous enough to offer us a coupon for a "serious slice" of pizza!
I took my 17 yr old son and what a great SLICE it was!
The place was crowded and a line of 8-10 ahead of us.
Tables outside were full which are always a good sign and the staff friendly!
The young lady behind the desk, Isabelle, adorable and friendly as can be!
(in cute pink polka dot tennis shoes too!
) I had cheese, he had pepperoni and both were hot and delicious!
I thought maybe the slices were pre-made before coming in.... but definately not!
Lots of teenagers but all were respectful and will be back soon!
Great deal for slices of pizza with soda (5.50) especially when an entire pizza is too much!
Not many places have this quality for slices.
They also offer wings, cazone and their salads in the case looked fresh....will be trying and yelping about them soon!
Serious Slice get a 4.5 stars!!

Love their pizza but service not so much.
Kids that work there don't seem to know how to smile and talk with mono-tone.
I always do take out so doesn't matter if they are unhappy but I would give it 5 if they were little bit more friendly.

Just OK.
I think the pizza is fair but the lack of space inside and the customer service is horrible.

Arrived here 5 mins before closing and was turned away by the teenage girl working, even though there was 5 other kids dining inside.
All we wanted was two slices.
Very disappointed by this, especially since we enjoy their pizza very much.
Perhaps the owners should give this teen proper training in customer service.
Maybe then, she wouldn't have all her teenage friends there hanging out after hours.
Make sure to go here during lunch hours, when actual adults are working.

This place is horrible!
The personnel are obnoxious and incompetent teenagers.
The service will make you think it can't be real and that it must be a practical joke.
The pizza is bad.
The so called dining room is tiny and filled with little tables and cruelly uncomfortable metal chairs that have no cushioning.
How does a place like this stay in business?

Plain and boring interior.
Pizza is poorly made.
I ordered the 16" vegetarian pizza.
Whoever made it is doing it by rite and not taste.
The red onions were WAY to hot and there were too many on the pizza.
It ruined the pizza.
If the person making it knew anything about food this would not happen.
No need to go again.
Salad is boring and basic.
Wings are also out of balance as all you taste is heat  Clearly the food is made by formula not on how it tastes

I had to write a review update because we had great experience here last Saturday.
To start off my fiancé had constantly been asking me to give them another shot since our last visit because the pizza and wings were so good.
I finally gave in on Saturday because I too was craving pizza and Jimmy and Joe's definitely has great pizza, it was just the service that was not so good in the past.
So we got there around 6:30pm and it was rainy and cold that evening so as you could imagine, the small restaurant was packed and a very busy place.
We went to the front to place our order and a really nice, younger gentleman took our order (I didn't catch his name unfortunately).
He was wearing a Disney pin lanyard which I immediately thought was awesome because I am a Disney fanatic and I too was wearing one of my pins on my jacket.
We instantly connected over it.
He took our order and we decided to eat in.
It was quite packed inside (very small interior) but a nice couple was leaving and kindly gave us their table.
As we were waiting I observed the very nice gentleman who took our order, really taking the lead and running the front service and giving pizza orders the back of the house.
Finally it looks like the owner got the message and maybe hired someone who actually has got it together.
This is the first time I have been in here where the restaurant actually looked like it was being managed and running smoothly especially on a busy night.
Our pizza came out, a 14 inch with green chilies, pepperoni and onion and it was absolutely delicious as usual.
One thing that Jimmy and Joe's does right is pizza and now that they have service back on track it makes me a happy customer.
I hope that they can hold on to the gentleman who took our order.
I will be back...

This is hands down my all time favorite pizza.
I it is priced so well and you get a lot of it.
The dough is cooked perfectly, not too soft and not too crunchy, just right.
You get a huge "serious slice" and a drink for $5.
The slice is huge and cooked to order.
The staff is always super friendly.
They are always doing fund raising for local schools.

Pretty legit and reasonably priced pizza.
Serious slice (1 gigantic slice + 2 toppings) comes with a drink (unlimited refills) goes for about 6 bucks.
Make sure you use their Joe Sauce, it is amazing!
Probably the best pizza I have had in AZ but then again I haven't had all that much.

Pizza is awesome, Joe's sauce is amazing, prices are good and you get a lot of food.
Wish they had more room to sit, and sometimes they seem to be short staffed, but it's solid.
Fast delivery too.

This is a great place for a large piece of great pizza.
It is great place to get filled with some great Italian- fast food Resturant.

I have eaten the wings here a few times, and they are big and meaty.
I have to take them home and add some extra heat for my taste.
This week I decided to try the Pizza.
It tasted good down, but about 2 hours after eating 2 slices of the carnivore pizza I got the chills, and body aches.
I didn't associate it with the pizza, until the 2nd day when I had 2 more pieces, and again 2 hours later I was sick.
My wife had the popeye and said she never wants it again after the first night due to the horrible gas she got from it.
The rest went to the trash.

Called at 8:17pm put me on hold for 4 minutes and then came back and said I couldn't order for delivery.
I would've appreciated to know that before getting placed on hold.
They didn't seem to want my business so I won't give it to them.

Delicious pizza, friendly teenagers working their tails off because it is always busy.
Love this place!

I would like to rate zero stars but there was no zero option.
We spent well over $50.00 dollars for a single pizza and order of wings that was easily the most horrible dining experience of my life.
The pizza was so grotesque that nobody even attempted to eat it.
The oil/lard had congealed to a solid state and smelled absolutely disgusting.
The wings were so raw they were rubbery to the touch and nobody attempted to eat those either.
We asked for the wings to be well done as this the only way we have ever eaten wings.
Suffice to say I will never ever eat this crap hole again and suggest you dont either if you value your health.
I spoke to someone who claimed to be the owner and was not offered my money back on completely uneaten and satisfactory food.
Needless to say I will be calling the department of health as soon as they open.

VALUE.
That's what this place is about.
Best pizza and wings I ever had?
Probably not.
No matter.
I usually get their special - wings, pizza, and a drink.
I can never finish that.
Their "serious slice" is pretty damn serious.
Giant slice off a giant pizza.
That should be a meal in itself but I still get the wings anyway.
I usually get that for lunch so it becomes lunch AND dinner basically.
Can't beat that with a stick or a 2 by 4.
That's all I ever had here.
I'm not someone who eats lot's of pizza and often but it's good to have a place like this when you need a quick meal in a pinch.
Service is usually decent.
Lotsa parking since it's in a mall with Chase Bank, Autozone, CVS PHarmacy, and Zipp's.

Amazing pizza from a amazing local family.
Support local chains and the best pizza in the valley!!
The slices are amazing , get pesto the crust.
Love their wings the Joe sauce is amazing.
My recommendation would be a pepperoni, sausage and meatball slice with pesto on the crust...
So amazing

