It's Sonic... it's a chain... so the food is rather predictable.
Love me some jalapeno poppers - the best are here!
The crew is always super-friendly, and among the dozen or so times we've hit this location, I've yet to get a wrong order.
That is a huge plus in my book, these days, sadly.
Thumbs up for a great job!

Sonic is.....well....Sonic.
Nothing particularly impressive.
Although it's the only fast food place that i'm aware of that offers tater tots.
I used to live in Texas and there is a Sonic on just about every corner, but this was my first time seeing one with a drive-thru.
Although idk why they have a drive-thru when they take your order and do exactly the same thing when you pull up to the regular car ports.
Weird.
Only item on the menu particularly satisfying would have to be their Slushies they are quite tasty and come in a assortment of flavors.

Sonic is one of the better fast food chains out there.
They offer a different selection like tater tots, grilled cheese sandwich, and you can make your own flavored soda or slushies!
I really never had a bad meal, and I like the nostalgic drive in!
Their crew seems to be very friendly, and haven't had a wrong order yet.
I'm not much into this place but since the wife gets her way all the time, and she is a grilled cheese person.
Well I really don't have to say anything else!
You get the picture!!

Considering its sonic and it's a fast food place it ok, the food isnt bad at all but what I go there for is the sonic blasts and the slushies.
I get the butterfinger sonic blast and it is amazing, I also get the strawberry slush and it is way different than any regular slushie, I'm not a fan of slushies but sonic does it right.
I also walk by there every day around 6:30 to check out the firefighters that get dinner there.
So all in all it a good place.

If there was a -negative star I would use it.
Unhappy servers who looked like androids from that movie zombies retuning from the dead!
Took a break from studying college math to get a root beer float.
Purchase drove back home to savor and watch favorite tv drama and dang no root beer seltzer.
Had to drive back for refund.
No offer of making for free considering high gas prices and 2 trips.
Went back a week ago with God daughter to get 2 milk shakes they were terrible.
Whip cream was nasty and no choc in chocolate shakes.
We had to remake and remove whip throw up cream and add Hershey to make it chocolate.
Two thumbs down no Sonic for me!

If you think of sonic think of fake.
This place has the worst milkshakes in the history of milk shakes.
Trust me it was horrible.
There was no chocolate in the thing.
Sonic has definetly lost my support.
Chocolate milk or just plain milk has earned the title of milkshake in the world of sonic.
If you want a shake from sonic, just get milk from your refrigerator.

It's not healthy, it's fast food.
Eat it if you want...just don't eat it everyday!
Sonic is awesome!
They have a huge selection of items, will customize anyway you want on nearly any item.
The best part, even with all that, it's really not too expensive.
This particular store was one of the fastest I have ever been to.
My usual thing is to order, bring out my laptop, and start some work.
My computer wasn't even done booting up when I saw the girl walking up towards my truck... WOW.
The food was awesome and tasted great - exactly like I like it, it all the glory that is unhealthiness, and ya...
I go LARGE SIZE!
(smile).
Cherry Lime-aide (don't get the diet), deep fried cheesecake nuggets (don't forget the caramel!
), double burgers with cheese and jalapeño's, watermelon slushee, jalapeño poppers, onion rings, and don't forget the SWEET POTATO FRIES!
-- the list goes on.... great tasting food that you should not eat everyday.

Love there food!
Double bacon cheeseburger and tots.
Have to get tots whenever you go here.
Always fresh and got it right away.
Always make sure I come to a Sonic whenever in AZ.
Hope they expand to WA so I can go more often.

Sonic is one of the worst fast food places around.
I don't really like anything on the menu, but damn if the branding always makes me want to stop when I drive by.
I love the idea of carhops and 50's hamburgers, however, as I mentioned above I always leave thinking, "Wow, that was really nasty and now I feel sick".

