In at least one point in every ones life you will have the need to eat or want to have dinner at a ridiculously late time.
I am in one of those phases.
After late shifts of cocktail waitressing  I need dinner.
Naturally I don't usually want to muster the energy to cook something delicious for myself.
That either leaves going out to the few places that are open or ...fast food.
Luckily I have found Zipp's which offers great cheap food until two am in a sports bar restaurant nice and close to where I live.
Now had my mother of all people never informed me that Zipp's has a nice dining area, I would never have thought of going here.
I thought it was a just a small dinky bar from the way it appears outside, but I was wrong!
Zipp's is pretty large inside offering dining areas, pool areas, bar, and patio.
They also magically beat my sports bar stereotype and have awesome food and a very extensive menu.
While there on Friday at around eleven after work it was very busy!
But  since most of those people were drunk we had no problem finding  a table in the dining section.
I had a hard time choosing between all the American menu options so I just went with a mixture of chicken and beef tacos while my boyfriend ordered a hamburger.
My Tacos were really good, but the thing that really surprised me was my boyfriends hamburger.
I don't eat a lot of beef, especially burgers, but it was delicious!
The meat was the most tender I have had at any  restaurant , and something about it just tasted so fresh!
We were both very shocked and impressed.
Nice atmosphere and staff, but definitely a bar before a restaurant.
On Friday, as to be expected, there were a lot of loud drunk people running around.

Hmmm... coming from the Bay Area, I perhaps expected more Bay Area-Bar-esque food.
I was pleasantly surprised that this was more than that.
They were able to quickly accommodate all 8 of us at 7pm before the monsoon hit, our waitress Jody was very nice and was able to get our food and drinks to us quickly, always a plus when you have a 3 year old near melt down.
Why only 3 stars?
The place was dimly lit and seemed a bit stinky (I need to have a good visual image of where I am eating).
Also, the food specials didn't start until 8.
That would have been fine if with a group of friends, but with the kids, not so much.
The foccacia sandwiches were awesome, the onion rings were superb and they had a wide variety of beer, domestic and imported and some local brews as well.

I'm not even going to waste my time with an in depth review of this place.
The menu is generic and the food mostly repulsive - guac dip, Monaco "focaccia" (nothing focaccia about it, it was flat bread plain and simple), even the onion rings and fries were gnarly (and I'm Irish and must eat potatoes with every meal).
The clientele was immature, obnoxious, and way too drunk for 4:30 on a Friday (I'm talking connecting several straws together and walking around to other tables to drink from their beers through the extendo-straw.
.oh, and taking pictures of each other's ass cracks).
The service was miserable (I must have said "no ranch dressing" about 10x and still somehow wound up with it, and our waitress seemed unable to deal with the four tables in her section nor had any clue what the marinated chicken was marinated in).
And for a sports bar, my husband and I were literally the ONLY ones in the place interested in any of the games they were showing (though people were cheering "suck, suck" for the aforementioned extendo-straw chick).
The only possibly redeeming thing about this place is that it is ridiculously cheap for happy hour and their nightly specials.
But you get what you pay for.

I really liked this place.
I enjoy being able to have a beer, and a great bar meal.
I think their focaccia sandwiches are REALLY good!
Too good, in fact.
Just fun to hang out have a beer, and eat food that is bad for you.

Manager is a complete jerk.
Customer service means nothing.
I came in for dinner and drinks while restaurant  area was almost empty.
I was told I could not sit at a booth because there were only two of us and we would need at least four.
His reasoning was "it might get busy".
Instead we were seated at a small table where the game we were there for was almost impossible to see.
Pretty much every request was answered with NO for the entire meal by the waitress.
I had multiple experiences like this and finally had enough.
I would go to the Tilted Kilt  or Arena just a few blocks away

Worst customer service I have ever had!
If you have any requests the answer will be no!
The guy manager could care less about people so don't waste your time.
This is not from one single event.
I used to be a regular but finally gave up on this place after being dissapointed time after time.

I like Zipps because they have daily food and drink specials, shuffleboard, flat screens tv's, and it's nice inside.
I think Zipps has the same frozen margarita machine as Z Tejas because the margaritas taste the same and they will only let you have three.
They're awesome make sure you try one next time you go.
The only downside to this place is they have the worst bloody mary drink I have every had.
The bloody mary mix smells like garbage and tastes like dirt.
Its gross.
I am obsessed with the nachos here and the rest of the food is pretty standard nothing amazing but good enough to satisfy your drunky munchies.

here's the thing with this zipps: it sucks.
service is mediocre at best.
i actually had a server say to me, "since you didn't go to the hostess stand before you sat outside i ignored you".
really?
because saying that to a customer might cause them to "ignore" your tip.
we were regulars because of the killer happy hour prices, but lately i can't stomach going in there.
food is mediocre and really greasy.
for this reason the burgers are great hangover medicine, but that's all they've got going for them.
i expect to pay extra for a side of ranch at wendy's, but not at a sports bar.
i'm just over this place.

Let me preface this by saying that I really like Zipps.
I love their foccacia, 1/2 and 1/2 side, and cheap happy hour drinks.
Usually we go to the location in Old Towne, but we met a friend up North and figured it's always a safe space to go.
Our food lived up to our expectations.
The 1-Star rating goes to the full credit of our server who was stuck-up and unhappy from the get-go.
My food came out wrong, she charged me extra for asking to have the dressing on the side, and she insulted my mathematical intelligence by writing and circling our total bill on my credit card receipt because my friend paid cash.
All of this with frequent eye-rolls.
She even managed to make me feel bad about my food coming out wrong - without so much as an apology.
As a summary, here are words that I would use to describe her attempt at serving: 1.
Rude 2.
Uninterested 3.
Arrogant 4.
Nickel-and-dimer 5.
Inconsiderate 6.
Disrespectful 7.
Insulting 8.
Impatient 9.
Neglectful 10.
Blatantly immature  Because of her poor service, I talked to the manager about our experience before we left (Take my word for it, it really was that bad).
He apologized for our experience, and was quite friendly.
She responded by saying rude things about our table to over 5 of her co-workers within earshot of our table.
This experience was a disgrace to all of the great times we've had at other Zipps locations, and my only hope is that this is an isolated incident.

a long time fan of the casual....no frills sports bar....the service is always a welcome relief from the fast paced 7-4 job....they are personable and easy to talk with....probably some of the busiest servers i have seen........they take a special interest in their customers and  go out of their way to acknowledge the regulars that stop by ......the many t.v.s are just enough to keep anyone tuned in to what is going on the world of sports....the music is just right.....  ..their wings are a favorite in our family and they are great about substituting their french fries for the carrots and celery combination  for those that are watching their fried food intake.....  the only complaint that has ever been spoken in our household is that the claw machine was too tight at times!!
!...and these are expert claw divers.....

we love this place...being long time regulars, we like to go in there at the end of a rough day or at the end of the week....it's a welcome relief from the fast paced work place 7-4...the service is personable and they go out of their way to let you know they are there to serve you....this is probably one of the busiest places on any afternoon and the servers are always polite, courteous and take a true interest in who you are....the management is always walking by to check things out and often times are the ones that bring out the food....  we love the wings...and often exchange the high calorie french fries, for carrot sticks and celery.....they are accomodating to whatever we ask......after carrot sticks and celery, you can try the skillet cookie and ice cream.....yum...........  the many t.v.
's are just enough to keep updates on major sporting events of the day....the music is great as background in case the sports doesn't interest you....  the only complaint that has been voiced in our family is that the claw machine is "too tight".....and this is from true claw experts!!!

I feel bad for all the others that have been here and not gotten good service as everytime I have come for happy hour the service has been really good.
I usually end up with the same waitress and the sad part is I still don't know her name.
The zipparitas with chambord as well as the one mixed with a strawberry daiquiri are really good, the beers are huge, the nachos are yummy  as well are the fries and they are very cheap for happy hour.
All in all not a bad place to visit.
I do hope that service gets betters for others though.

I frequent this location the most, but during softball/kickball season we are at Camelback location more often.
Both rate about the same in my book as far as service and food is concerned.
We always get the veggie burger which comes with fries or onion rings for only $5.95.
The veggie burger is always good, for a non veggie restaurant(sports bar at that) it's damn good.
They usually have decent beer specials and some games on as well.
Sometimes the crowd at this location is strange, I can't figure it out.
Mix of douche-bags, Scottsdale moms and kids - def too many kids.
Camelback location has a better crowd and patio by far.
This location is 3 stars for me but it gets four because it is a sports bar with a fine veggie burger for less then $6.

I can't really see any other reason to frequent this place other than the ridiculously cheap drink specials and to watch the game on a good amount of nice TVs.
Other than that, service is lacking, and the food leaves something to be had.
The chicken noodle soup that my friend had looked like it came out of a can, and his pizza did not look that appetizing either.
He loved them, but he was also severely hungover and a Scottsdale tool.
From previous reviews, I was warned not to get a salad, but I don't like the nasty bar food they serve, so a salad it was.
Horribly put together, with sad pieces of iceberg lettuce.
Again, only the cheap drinks and TVs save this place.

Go here for drinks but skip the food unless you are either starving or wasted.
The food is really just nothing worth writing home about.
During happy hour you can get a slice of pizza for $1.50, which is a good deal.
I personally opted for the fish tacos.
Damn near broke my tooth on the batter, while all along in search for the fish.
Never really found it to be honest.
We also ordered the BBQ ranch salad, which was yummy.
Then again, it is really difficult to mess up a salad that has both ranch and BBQ sauce...will not do a back flip for it.
The drink specials were great.
32oz domestic drafts for $3.50.
$3 for a pint.
So...order 3 32oz drafts and pound them.
You should then have a pretty good buzz going.
Then the food should taste divine.

The tacos were too greasy the pizza was on cardboard and the wings kicked my a**.
If you like really hot wings this is the place to go.
Honestly they taste good too.
I have had lots of hot wings and love hot food but the extra hot at Zipps is INTENSE.
That would be the only reason I would so to go.

g's birthday is this week, and my parents offered to take him out for birthday lunch this past sunday.
the venue was g's choice, and he picked zipps.
i swear he did this just because i hate zipps.
so there the 6 of us are, in a crazy-busy zipps on sunday afternoon watching olympic hockey and chatting away.
i was shocked at the quick and friendly service - such a change from the last few times i've been here.
our appetizers (2 orders of wings) were ready quick and the mild ones weren't too spicy for mom.
the medium ones were perfect for me.
and i hear that the hot ones are hotter than hell so we didn't even bother trying to order those.
my bro hated his focaccia sandwich-thing, deeming it dry and tasteless.
mom and i had the bbq bacon burgers, which were huge, bbq-y and super yummy.
my bro's gf had tacos and said they were good.
the birthday boy had a bacon burger and loved it.
dad had a burger too, but i don't remember what kind.
he said it was good.
as far as the menu goes i really think the burgers and wings are what they do best.
i suggest avoiding all other items.
one odd thing - mom got 1/2 fries 1/2 onion rings as her side, dad got all onion rings.
mom got waaaaay more onion rings than dad got.
g and i both got caesar salads as our sides and g's was waaaaay bigger than mine.
i get annoyed when portions aren't consistent - no one wants to be the guy that got the smaller side =(   our server was super sweet, and even though the place was packed we got our drink refills quickly and food was ready fast.
i'm being nice and upping the rating to 3, not because i love this place but because this particular experience was far better than the 20 or so i've had previously.
and our server did give us a free cookie/ice cream platter to celebrate g hitting the big 3-0. that was nice of her =)

I don't know why, but I love going here.
The service can be hit or miss, but it's just a place where you can go, be comfortable at, get consistently good food, and order a huge ass glass of beer.
I crave the jalapeno burger with veggie patties all of the time - it could possibly be the least healthy veggie burger of all time, with double paddies and oozing with cheese - but damn its good.

all i ever hear about this place is that the wings are awesome and that they have even awesomer beer specials.
Sorry folks, but I couldn't care less about wings and beer, regardless of how 'awesome' i keep hearing that they are.
The salad I ordered was pretty good.
Surpringly good, especially because I am at a sports bar.
The balsamic vinagrette was great and the salad was filled with giant chunks of goat cheese and nuts instead of the typical bed of lettuce/spinach with a few tiny toppings.
Granted, I would like this place more if the people in it didn't look so effing fake.
Oh, i forgot, its in Scottsdale... nothing you can do about that.
I will say that if you are a girl, make sure you pay attention to which door is the girls bathroom: each door is packed with pictures of men and women in mullets... so figuring out which door has pictures of WOMEN in mullets is kinda tough.
You can imagine these girl pictures aren't particularly.. ugh... girly.
:)  The picnic style tables and multiple TVs tell me to go with a big group of people.
Maybe that way I will pay less attention to the bimbos around me.

Great kicked back location.
We usually hit it at least once a week from our office for lunch.
Fantastic Fish & Chips.
Like fish not too deep fried with a heavy coating.
The sweet potato chips are quite good, only complaint, no cole slaw...not that you need it with this hearty helping...but it is a routine I have gotten used to as a fish & chips fan.
Burgers are disappointing as they are just average for the price.
Good beer selection & the hot wings are fantastic!
I haven't been on the weekend, but during the week it can become a busy place at lunch.
Lots of TV's that make it look like a great place to catch the game.

It's just flat out tough to beat their happy hour specials.
Draft Beer and Zipparitas are well priced and their wings are pretty tasty.
I'd give them a 5 but they aren't quite as great when happy hour is over and although I love their Monaco Focaccia I'm not the biggest fan of their fries/rings.
I started going with a side salad instead.

So this is the second time I have come to this location.
I didn't write a review of the poor service and the inedible food (they remade our meals twice).
Alas, I try it again today.
As I sit in the booth currently writting this review and guessing the waitress is going to pass by our table for a fifth time while making eye contact but taking no orders (food or drink).
18 minutes passes and we are able to finally just "yell" her over to our table for our order.
Food is delivered in under 5 min, however with no napkins or utensils.
As two managers and our own waitress stand in front of our booth literally ignoring the "excuse me's" to ask for extra napkins.
In this instance apparently 3rd time is the charm as that is when I was asked if they could get me anything.
Wondering for the split second when I would see the waitress again I ordered another drink "just in case" she is MIA again?!?
At this point needless to say she did not stop by again to ask "how's everything" or to bus the empty dishes.
At least I got my refill!
However, will not go for the "three strike rule".
I will zip on by Zipps to the two nearby sports bars for my future beer and burgers.

If the Monaco Focaccia was a woman I'd leave my girlfriend, marry the Monaco and produce baby Monacos.
Best sports bar food in town.

Surprisingly enough, I do like this Zipps better then the other one.
I think it might be because it's off the beaten path, but it's a sports bar for the times you want to watch a game without running into the world.
At least that's how it is for me.
Go for the games, the beers, the Monaco and the wings.

I really like bar food, almost too much, and it's something I probably need help with.
I can mostly thank some great spots in my home town, but locally, Zipps can be blamed for my progression.
Their burgers are consistently hot and flavorful, and the focaccias for the most part are good...even if they're just wraps.
But in my book, their wings are my favorite in town.
More specifically the golden medium wings have tremendous spicy/sweet balance.
And their happy hour specials are some of the best deals anywhere.
Anywhere!!

What a disappointment!!
We were looking forward to coming here with all the hype we heard about the food.
What a freaking bust!!!
Came here to watch the Bulls kick Heats ass.
We were planning to watch the whole game but left early because the food just sucked!
Had the nachos...blah!
Cheese wasn't even melted and nachos not warm.
Chicken fingers with fries & onion rings were just as bad!
Fries & onion rings were stale, flavorless & had no crunch whatsoever.
I didn't have the chicken but hubby said it was nothing to rave about.
The only good thing about this place is the really cold beer.
Fail!

Just like the other Zipps.
= Ok bar food.
Ok service.
Ok prices.
Love the fries.
Not really any good beers on tap or bottles.

Nothin' special- you can always find a seat.
Servers aren't particularly enthusiastic, but you get what you pay for.
Happy hour margaritas are amazing (and strong!

Great wings, good service, and a good place to watch a sporting event.
Kid friendly as well.
Menu could use an update though but this won't be an issue if you're a first time visitor.

This is by far the best sports bar food I've ever had.
Here's what I highly recommend:   -Cheeseburgers: however you want it, they are excellent.
-The Monaco: one of the most popular items on the menu (just know though, these can be inconsistent.
Sometimes you get an amazing one, sometimes it is poor).
-Golden Chicken Wings: They have the best wings in town I think and if you ask for them "golden" they are even better.
-Chicken Strips tossed in wing sauce -Cookie Skillet for dessert.
Not the best I've ever had (Oragano's has a better one), but it is good and huge!
It's about twice the size of Oregano's.
Great atmosphere and great place to get together with friends to watch the game.
The happy hour and reverse happy hour specials are very good for both food and drinks.
Here's another tip:  when they ask if you want fries or onion rings as a side, you can also do a 50/50 split.
Both the fries and onion rings are worth trying.

i'll divide this into 2 reviews.
watching a game and hanging out:  good place.
good atmosphere, lots of tv's and big beers.
from a food standpoint - and especially a vegetarian - awful.
now the reality is, i've not always been a vegetarian and the Monaco wrap thing is pretty good.
and i loved burgers, but even then, every time i got done, i always felt a bit sick to my stomach.
fries are really greasy.
so to summarize, if you are looking for good food, go elsewhere.
if you want to hang out and watch a game - go.
and to zipps - why not upgrade the menu a little?

Great place to watch a game if you want to watch with a group.
Nice atmosphere, but the food menu needs to be seriously redone.
Too many other places around with much better food.
If the menu and food quality improved this place could be great!
Goldies their other bar in Scottsdale has a much better menu.

Zipps is your place to go to drink beer, eat bar food, and/or watch a game with friends .
Zipps is NOT your place to go if you want to drink craft beer, eat classy food , and/or watch Oprah with a date.
It's a sports bar people.
Wings are awesome (love the golden style) and getting a bucket of 5 domestic beers for $12 is all I need to watch the Cardinals lose a game they should have one.

We love this place - it's our "go-to" sports bar.
Cozy atmosphere, tons of televisions to watch the game, and for a sports bar - the food is actually REALLY good!
Try any one of their focaccias - their my favorite.
Really good happy hour specials, too!
Love that we can get two huge beers and dinner for under $20.
My only wish: That they had 2 shuffle board tables.
We are here all of the time and it is always taken!

Ok, first I have to start out by saying that the Sweet Jalepeno burger might be the most amazing thing I have ever eaten in my entire life!!
The complex combination of flavors is unbelievable & I find myself slathering it with their special sauce & licking it off my fingers (& hands and wrists..lol!).
That being said it may not be the best first date spot but a great value for sure.
For those that can't choose between fries & onion rings..no worries, they offer half and half combination for the same price.
The only bad thing is the service is SO SLOW, seriously slow & it doesnt seem to matter what time of day or day of the week.
Everytime I've been there its been over 30 mins before I get my food, although the service is always good, it's very slow.

So I went to two Zipps locations this weekend for two separate football games.
This location definitely made a bigger impact on me, and not in a good way.
Food was alright...nothing too amazing...but it is a sports bar.
I wasn't expecting much.
Drinks...my friends loved their drinks...I didn't drink this night.
I knew I was going to be riled up for the Lions/Saints game (sadly not in a positive way since the Lions lost!
)  It was the service that killed the whole experience.
Our server...and I wished I remembered her name (I think we never got it actually) was simply AWFUL!
She had this fetish about clearing napkins up (I set my napkin down for a second and there she was whisking it away...and also she took a napkin on mine that had a phone number on it) but she didn't know how to clear the baskets away or wipe down the table that had wet spots everywhere.
And when we wanted more drinks in the second half of the game...she was non-existent.
We asked other servers for our server and they were clueless about who had our table.
My friend had to go to the bar to get another drink (which was finally during happy hour)  Minus the service...the bar is just a typical sports bar.
Nothing too special.

As usual, amazing food with good service.
I think they have some of the best wings in the valley.
They always come hot, and their golden hot is quite the unique flavor.
We only go when they have specials, particularly the burger special, which for $6.50 is a serious amount of food.
The only problem was the fact that we ordered wings, and we expected to get a dozen but got only 10.
So we thought that maybe we only ordered 10.
We looked at the menu and saw no mention of how many wings you got for $8.
That's the only reason I took off a star.
Other than that we got a ton of greesy, tasty food for $15.
Can you beat that?

We have been here a few times.
It's hit or miss.
One time we had great service, the next it was horrible.
The last time it was average to above average.
Burgers are ok, But the Philly Cheese Steak Egg Rolls are amazing.
Just make sure they get cooked.
Twice we have had ones still frozen in the middle.

This place was really a neat location.
My friend and I played pool and had a drink.
The server was great and the place was nice.
I really liked it and would recommend it to anyone.

The food and drink deals at Zipps are great!
They have Happy Hour from 3-7 and 8-?
M-F.
The golden wings and chicken skewers are my favorite.
This a great place to hang out with your bros to watch a game and enjoy a few beers and if your bros don't judge try a zipparita!
The reason this location is only getting four stars because the setup is a little funky, not enough seating and the tv's are weak for a sports bar.

Great Happy Hour prices.
Amazing Sweet Potato Chips.

Awesome location to just go hang out and grab dinner and drinks.
Love their late night happy hour and you really can't beat their chicken wings - golden and mild, please!
My husband and I tend to here about once every 2 weeks but one weekend our friends were in town and we found ourselves here 3 days in a row....they loved the wings just as much as we do.
Bottom line - always a great go to spot for casual dining and hanging out.
Put it in your rotation, like, now.

Went in here one afternoon.
Lets just say I didn't have a very good experience.
First I ordered a slice of pizza.
One bite and i spit it out.
Worst pizza that I have ever had in my life period.
Everything on it was horrible.
The cheese wasnt even melted.
Thankfully the waiter took it back at no cost.
I ordered the chicken sandwich and it was alright.
Anything could beat that pizza.
I wrote a nice letter in explaining what happened and never got anything back.
I was at least expecting a sorry please come back, but no.
Maybe in 40 years I'll come back.

Zipps Medium Wings!
Thats it!
The wings are hands down the best in town.
They are meaty and deep fried to a nice crisp and their sauce is just amazing.
Others dare but none compare!
Service is pretty bad some days though.
-1 star for lame service.

Let me start off by saying "I am a huge fan of Zipps".
However, I will say that each location is different.
I went here the other night with a big group, about 20-25 people.
The server was not what I would call attentive or personable.
It took forever for us to first get asked what we wanted to drink and then for her to bring them.
Then when more people showed up, it took at least 10 minutes for her to greet them.
I understand that we were a big group, but if you need help, ask for it.
So, I would not say that this place (this location) is good for large groups.

Good place to go after shopping to get a quick bite with the family, this place was surprisingly family friendly and inexpensive.
Our waitress was sweet and prompt.
She recommended the chicken quesadilla and it was really good.
I wish I would've tried the wings though after seeing other reviews.

We were excited to move into the neighborhood and find a bar and grill so close to our house!
That was short-lived.
They have an outdoor patio, but no service.
Let me rephrase with the longest run-on sentence ever:  They start out serving you and then disappear so you end up standing in the middle of the dining room with empty baskets of food and empty cocktails while 10 servers and 2 bartenders are running around you completely ignoring you until a patron at the bar offers to move over a bit so you can put stuff down and then you proceed to stand there waiting for more cocktails when the bartender comes over, looks at the empty baskets with a perplexed look on her face but still doesn't look up to take my order or even ask if I'd like anything and now it's been 20 minutes (not kidding) of standing in the bar being ignored.
Taking a breath...
The patio doesn't have misters or heaters either.
My hubby is a smoker so we always seek out comfortable smoking patios.
Boooooo on this one.
We have been to the Zipp's at 16th and Bethany and their patio is awesome, except for the picnic tables.
The drinks were short, not much booze unless you are a regular there apparently but the food is consistent and fairly good for bar food.
Love the chicken skewers.

Great bar food.
Focaccias, sweet jalapeño burgers, and golden wings are great.
Onion rings look amazing but are bland.

This place always seems to be busy so that is a good sign as far as I'm concerned.
It's a sports bar... = greasy snacks and beer + lots of tv's to watch games.
A good casual place to hang with some friends and gain a couple of pounds LOL.
Appreciate this place for what it is.

The only reason to go here is if your favorite team is playing a game.
Slow, loud and the food isn't worth the wait.

Great happy hour specials...especially the "Weekend Hangover" burgers every Saturday and Sunday from 11am-4pm.
Perfect place to cheer on my favorite Wisco teams with friends!

Beer order came right away, but for the life of me I don't understand why it takes so long to get an order of wings.
For whatever reason, crowded or not, it takes an inordinate amount of time to get food once it's ordered.

This location is pretty much the same as every other location.
Good bar food, decent service, and fair prices.
Like others have suggested, I would like to see a bigger beer selection.
It would also be nicer if a few more food items were on the happy hour menu.

Zipps is next door to me, so it's an easy choice sometimes.
Love the atmosphere, beer is always good, but the food depends on what you order.
Wings, yes.
Burgers, pretty good.
But most other appetizers are mediocre.
Chicken Rolls, Steak Rolls, and the Chips ans Salsa fall flat when it comes to flavor (very bland).
But I reiterate the wings, which is why you should go, because they are delish.

The only reason I'm scoring them a 3 is because they really do have a great happy hour.
For drinks that is.
The food was not good.
My husband and I got the chicken rolls.
They came with 2 rolls.
My husbands tasted nothing like mine and not in a good way.
Which was odd.
The Philly Cheese Steak Focaccia wasn't bad, but also wouldn't order it again.
I don't know maybe I ordered the wrong things.

Always good food and friendly service!
will return soon!

After waiting an hour, we left.
They seated several groups from the bar ahead of us.
When I asked why she said they had been waiting, but their names weren't on the list?
Won't try again.

BEST WINGS I'VE EVER HAD!!
Love love love the medium golden wings!!
One of my favorite foods ever.
Great place to go especially during football season!
Great drink specials too.
Their burgers are delicious as well.
Do yourself a favor & go here!!

Amazing wings.
Jalapeno burger was recommended by bartender, for good reason.
It was quite tasty.
Fun environment, great place to watch a game or just socialize.

Great spot to watch a game and eat some wings.
The buffalo sauce is amazing.
Anything with the buffalo sauce is delicious!
Burgers are decent but they have better options on the menu.

Zipparitas!!!
They limit you to 3 per person, enjoy.
Love their happy hour.

Love Zipps!
Zipparitas are delicious, especially the chambord one (limit 3).
Chicken skewers & chips & salsa are yummy.

Chicken skewers were good.
Even mild sauce was pretty hot.
I may not be back in Scottsdale but if I am, I would go back here

The service is so-so here, but the great appetizers, food and drinks help make up for it, not to mention the 15+ TVs for live games.
Try the Medium Golden Wings with a side of the Hot Sauce...  Best flippin' wings in PHX/Scottsdale and I'll be back for more this football season.
We'll, I was pleased with my experience until I found something in my onion rings...
Ruined the entire experience and I'll make sure to pull this from my Bookmarks.
Bummer!
They were off to a good start, then crashed and burned.
Giving them 3 stars because the manager comped a round of beers and the staff showed that they care.

First off, I am new to Arizona.
I had never been to a Zipps in my life.
My sister's fiance suggested it to me one night when we were looking to grab a quick beer.
I got there a few minutes prior to his arrival and was immediately greeted by two things.
Very attractive hostesses and sports on a multitude of televisions.
"Perfect" I thought to myself "two of my favorite things!
"   I was quickly seated at a table near a group of boisterous, middle-aged women who refused (or were unable to) move their seats in so that I was able to sit comfortable in my seat.
I was forced to sit so close to my table that one, if not both my lungs began to deflate.
The waitress approached and noticed my mounting distress as losing oxygen.
She smiled at me and motioned me towards her.
I slid out from behind my prison and she took me to another more comfortable table.
I ordered my frothy libation and enjoyed its frozen crispness while I waited for my sister's fiance to arrive.
The waitress engaged in the usual casual banter with me until my companion arrived, making me feel at ease and comfortable.
I requested that a game that wasn't playing on any of the TVs be put on a screen by me, and she quickly made sure that it happened.
Zipps is amazing.
It is great for beer lovers, as they have all sorts of different beers (I was pleased to see that they had Magic Hat #9.
) And while their "Golden Wings" sound like something that R-Kelly would enjoy, they are incredible and if it were at all healthy I would survive off of them for the rest of my life.
All of the waitstaff is friendly and obliging and understanding of a person's ability to need to breath and not be crushed to death by a table.
I would highly recommend Zipps to anyone for any occasion.
I am currently trying to convince my sister that her wedding should take place at Zipps.
She keeps going on about some placed called "Hawaii.
" Zipps would be better.

Great sports bar with great bar food.
The wings are second to none, I have tried all the varieties all are great.
Mozzarella sticks are terrific they have a egg roll feel to them.
Even the pizza is decent for a bar.
Service for me as always been good, though it can get busy during happy hour.

I was absolutely DISGUSTED with the manager's behavior/attitude.
The waitress was mediocre.
The food was DISAPPOINTING!
The TVs were blaring so loudly that people were yelling to hear each other at tables.
HATED IT!

I generally like zipps, but I had this one terrible experience with a waitress at this location, which pretty much defines my experience.
I hope she reads this.
I was here after work getting drinks with three friends.
(four of us total).
I was going to cover the bill for myself and one of my friends, and the two other friends were going to pay their own.
When it was time to go, the waitress came to bring our check.
I gave her three cards and said, "I'm paying his and my bill.
Can you put 50% on this card, 25% on this card, and 25% on this card?
"  She gives me a puzzled look, looks at the cards for a moment, nods like she has it figured out and says, "okay".
Then runs off somewhere.
After a couple minutes she comes back to me totally steaming.
I can't remember her exact words but they were something like "You can't give me such a complicated order.
You need to write down the total for each of you, I can't do this.
" In her shaky, trying-to-keep-it-under-control voice.
"Sure, no problem," I say.
I was annoyed that she didn't just say so up front, but I really wasn't angry at this point.
I did get angry, however, when she came over a second time to give me another lecture about how you're supposed to split the bill.
This time, more angry, she says "It's not funny to try and confuse us, we're not rocket scientists like you guys (we were dressed in button up shirts and ties), we sling burgers and fries, its not part of our job to do these kinds of math problems.
Next time you ask someone to split a check, you need to write down the amounts, because no waitress is going to do this for you.
"   My response again, "alright, I understand.
It's no big deal, I wrote the amounts for you.
" She leaves.
COMES BACK A 3RD TIME.
"Listen, I'm sorry if I got angry, but you really need to know this is not okay.
You can't give a waitress this kind of complicated problem.
We sling burgers and fries all day, we're not good at math (she thought the burger and fry thing was clever enough to repeat.
)"  I'm not one for conflict, but I finally had to interrupt her with something like  "ALRIGHT.
I GET IT.
YOU DON'T LIKE MATH.
PLEASE STOP TELLING ME ABOUT THIS AND MOVE ON"  TL:DR; Dumb waitress can't do math and got really angry at me when I asked her to split the check in a way I thought was clear and simple.
My friends who are smarter than me suggested I left an equation on the tip line..
I really wish I would have.

When I lived in AZ, this was my favorite watering hole.
I would go after kickball or softball games and it's rare in this part of Scottsdale to have such a bar.
Kayla is the best waitress EVER.
Always made sure my group was taken care of and never failed to remember my order (so yeah, i was a regular).
I have never had bad service from her.
The food at this location is really so-so.
I have also been many times to the one on Camelback which amazingly has better food.
My faves are the pepperjack focaccia and their burgers are good.
Their fries are really hit or miss though.
Sometimes they are decent but other times they are just soaked in grease.
Go for the big beers and go early if you want to catch a sporting event.

Zipps is easily one of my go-to spots for beer and food.
If me and my friends are looking to go out, especially for happy hour and can't decide where to go, Zipps is the default.
My favorite thing about this place is their nightly specials for late night happy hour which is almost exclusive what we do.
They also have a lot of great food; tho something to keep in mind; I don't think they are trying to be a fancy restaurant, but rather focuses on more "bar food.
" With that in mind, their signature is the focassias, but I love the chicken strips and even their fish tacos!
They don't have the biggest beer selection, but that's ok because what they do have is good, or just order a zipp-erita.

I like this place as it reminded me of back home in the mid-west...all hillbilly & red neck.
Oops JK ;)

Zipps is one of my favorite places to grab a beer and watch a game!
Let's appreciate Zipps for what it is:  a sports bar with decent grub (not a foodie dinner destination).
I'm a complete sucker for the specials that Zipps runs.
Here are my personal favorite highlights from their deals menu:  Happy hour weekdays from 3-7pm: $6 Wings (my favorite are the "golden medium") $2.75 well drinks $3.75 excessively large domestic drafts  Also, there are daily specials from 8-close.
(So let's think about this:  during the week there is a special going on from 3pm-close except for 60 minutes between 7-8pm, awesome, right?!?!
)    My personal favorite day for the evening specials is Tuesday for the Zipps burgers.
On Tuesday from 8-close the burgers are $5 and $6.50 for specialty burgers.
These things are friggin' huge.
Every single one comes with two patties.
Monday, Wednesday, and Sunday highlight $1.50 pizza slices.
I think they are "meh" as they are just slices with whatever toppings you add that are popped into an oven and reheated for a bit.
My favorite specialty burgers are:  GREEN CHILI BURGER:  A double stack with pepper jack cheese, New Mexico green chilies & green bay chili on the side.
CHICADO:   Two ground chicken or turkey burger patties, pepper jack cheese, fresh guacamole & fried onion straws.
HOT & SWEET:  Pickled jalapenos & our hot but sweet southwestern BBQ sauce, creating the hot but sweet contradiction.
I often find myself in recovery mode at Zipps for the "Weekend Hangover Special".
From 11am-4pm specialty burgers are on special for $6.50 and bloody Marys are $4.
The Bloody Marys are nothing special at Zipps--this is one part of Zipps that has room for improvement.
Give me some more pickles, cheese, peppers, other accessories, pretty please!
Buckets of beer (5 long-necks) retail for $12 during this time too--they are also essential to the weekend hangover recovery, so go for it!

Terrible management.
Inconsistent carding policies.
Crabby servers.
Too dark, extremely loud, and below average food.
Don't waste your time.

Zipps is my favorite of the local sports bars in Arizona.
I can walk here so that is nice.
The prices are perfect.
They have daily deals and multiple happy hours.
Burgers are fantastic, and the wings are great!
I will say hot is VERY hot!!
So if you like it hot but not crazy fire get medium :)

Best wings in town and love coming here for sporting events.
The workers are always super friendly and of course.......
The food is awesome.
Medium golden style wings are highly recommended

Best wings in AZ!!
Golden medium is where its at.
Customer service is up and down, but have definitely experienced great service recovery too!

I have been to this Zipps many times in addition to 3 other locations.
I know how the food is supposed to be.
I do not know what happened tonight, but the food was terrible.
I got take out this evening.
I live about 7 miles away so I called on my way there.
They told me that it would be ready in 25 minutes.
It did not take me 25 minutes to get there.
My food was ready when I got there.
I ordered two Monaco Focaccias, a cheeseburger and some mozzarella sticks.
I always order the Monaco Focaccia so I know how good it can be.
Tonight it was not completely filled with chicken and it didn't have any cheese in it.
There were several slices of it that were completely empty.
The fries were overcooked, cold and hard.
There was a black curly hair cooked into one of the mozzarella sticks.
Disgusting!

Friendly staff but I think the manager needs to firm up organization.
A couple waitstaff seemed to be just not really engaged in what they were doing.
40 min wait for food Kids grilled cheese was cold Other kids meal was just ok.
Fish tacos decent  I'll give them another shot but maybe just for a beer.
Too bad cuz location is great and lots of TVs.

Zipps, always fun and good food.
Had the Saturday burger special for $6.50.
Quite tasty and good company.
Great lunch for under $20.
Can't beat it.
Free rides to events and all the tv's to watch any game.
Great for the kids and the lovers of Golden Tee too.
Zipparitas are hard to beat.

Worst food and worst service ever :( I will never come here again.
Wings were saucy and cold fries and onion rings were greasy and gross the service and management was terrible!
They were not willing to accommodate in any way:( NEVER EAT IN THIS PLACE!!!!!!

Came in to watch the UConn and Kentucky game.
Never been here before.
Wings are amazing!
TVs everywhere!
I saw the waitresses and managers walking around talking to different customers by name and joking around with people.
Seemed like all the customers and staff knew eachother.
Reminds me of Cheers!

Went here with a group of friends from Chicago for the Blackhawks/Kings Game 4.
This place has one of the best happy hour/nightly specials of any sports bar in the Valley.
Between the four of us, we must have consumed at least five basket of wings, one giant plate of nachos, sandwiches/burgers for each of us and at least 3 drinks a piece, and the final split only came to $23 per person.
The medium wings were absolutely delicious and the nachos were more than filling.
Lots of flat screen TVs that showed multiple games so I was able to watch both the Kings game as well as the cHeat/Pacers game.
What really impressed me  about this place was our server, Connor.
The entire place was packed, and Connor had multiple tables (including a table that had your typical stuck-up and entitled native Scottsdale folks), and he was completely attentive to our table despite how busy it got.
The guy took his time taking our orders in detail, came back frequently to see how we were doing and to see if we wanted anything else, and never missed a order from us.
Even when the aforementioned table of the typical entitled Scottsdale family (who also apparently thought bringing their entire extended family to a rowdy sports bar was a good idea) were completely mistreating the poor dude by getting in his face when he didn't move fast enough for them, our server did not allow dealing with these idiots to deter his level of service to the rest of his tables.
We were all very impressed with the level of service and made sure we left some nice tips to take care of him.
Reviews on here that say service was terrible, make sure you ask to get served by this guy next time.

On the spur of the moment, I decided to watch the Blackhawks game at this location.
I had fairly standard bar food starter of the sweet BBQ chicken wings.
Decent.
I also had the house salad.
Decent.
Nothing outstanding, just bar food with great service.
I have been here a few times.

Tonight was rough.
Deciding to visit on a whim, my brother and I sat down to watch the hockey game.
The waitress was friendly and attentive and quickly took our order.
After receiving our drinks, we waited roughly 30 minutes before getting our food - which was after two tables that were seated after us got their food.
We ordered two of the Zips wings and we're happy until we looked closer  the chicken wings were very under-cooked.
They were sent back and the staff handled it professionally.
The only saving grace for this restaurant is its quality staff.
(Even though we did not see a manager after the whole ordeal)

This is my Sunday staple.
All the Zipps in the valley have excellent burgers,  wings and fantastic drink specials.
The TV situation is set prior so you can't switch them based on seating.
They almost always have the Chicago Bears sound on,  which is prefect for me.

Well I gave them another shot.
If the manager is reading this.
Get out on the floor and talk to your customers and make sure things are getting done.
Service started out good then waited 15 min for the check.
OnionI rings were cold.
Burger good.
Kids tacos were ground beef with no seasoning.
They just seem to not want to try at this place.

