I went here for cosmetic reasons, and I had a terrible experience.
Dr. Jazzayeri told me to use this special face wash and lotion, which I assumed was a prescription.
Then at checkout, I come to find the sell it there for somewhere around $60.
I googled it when I got home and found out that Dr. Jazzayeri's partner developed this line, and they sell it exclusively there (and online).
They also gave me a "chemical peel" which was just some liquid they applied with a giant Q-tip, and several weeks later I got a statement from my insurance saying that they tried to bill Humana $150 for the "chemical peel.
" They hadn't told me there would be any charge.
Dr. Jazzayeri didn't even look at my skin close up, and he spent as much time trying to sell me a package of laser hair removal from his laser clinic as he did talking about my skin condition.
Oh, and he prescribed me an antibiotic that comes out to about $550 per month.
My insurance wouldn't cover it, but he gave me some card from the drug manufacturer that allows me to get the prescription filled three times at a reduced cost (no more than $25 max each time, depending on the pharmacy).
Now that those three refills are up, I guess I'm going off the antibiotic.
I'm definitely not going back to this doctor.

I recently saw Dr. Richard Bottiglione here at Alliance Dermatology for a routine checkup and felt his "bedside manner" was a little lacking.
It seemed he only looked at my skin for like 30 seconds and before I knew it he was shooting me up and slicing a mole off my back.
That's great, I guess, but a little heads-up would be nice.
A few moments later he was making a break for the door so I let it be known I had a few questions for him, which is partly why I came after all.
He stopped in the doorway and let me ask one, but about halfway through my second question he basically said "you should make another appointment" Really?
Well I'm here now, and this is why I came, to ask you these questions...  Also, the antibacterial facial wipes he "prescribed", which are conveniently sold at the front counter for the seemingly-steep price of $35, are made by his company.
Hey, what a coincidence.
The only good news here was my mole biopsy confirmed it was just a mole, but I've since made another appointment - with a different dermatologist...

I went to see Dr Bottegione and will not be returning.
First I waited for over an hour and no one acknowledged that I had to wait.
Then when I met with him, I asked if he could do a routine skin check he said that he didnt see any moles on me (from glancing at me) so what is there to check..   my original reason for the visit was for acne treatment and he was trying to push his products on me.
I asked what ingredients were in it and he looked annoyed that I asked and didn't answer my question.
He said in a month he wanted to put me on accutane..I told him I was trying to conceive.. would have thought that question would have been asked first.
when he left his is staff member started putting something on my face and while she is doing it tells me It Is a chemical peel.
I would have thought that would something they discussed with you first and gave you the option.
Ends up I got a bad reaction I think(or is that a normal side effect,i dont know)because I felt really tired and not well for several days afterwards, and my face was peeling just in time for a big meeting I had for work.
I get a bill for the full visit and called  my insurance.
They said the dr had given the wrong provider number..
I called the office and they claimed it was my insurance company that billed them wrong so ignore the bill for now.
I get a bill in the mail for the full amount again and called the office and they said to ignore it again .. then I just got a bill in the mail that is reduced but atill has charges outside my copay.
I bet it was that chemical peel that I didnt even have the option of declining.

