I almost didn't write this.
I almost don't want anyone else to know about my favorite place to grab some authentic tacos when I'm in Peoria.
I fear one of these days I'll stop in for a quick bite, and the line will be out the door.
Because that's how good the food here is.
One of the best things about life in Phoenix is that if you do have to resort to "fast food," you're not limited to the enormous over-advertised chains.
Taqueria Los Angeles is quick and inexpensive, so technically it probably is fast food, but the quality is so much better than anything you'll find at a traditional fast food burger place.
The salsas are fresh and flavorful.
The tacos come in different varieties of beef, pork, chicken, or fish.
(Looking for ground beef?
Go to Taco Bell.
)  The burritos are enormous.
And it's all made to order.
There are a few clean tables inside and a TV tuned to a Spanish channel, but not much else in the way of décor.
If you go, don't forget to scan the walls for mention of specials and additional items; the menu behind the counter is not all-inclusive!

I am not only new to the area, but to the southwest.
I'm so excited to try food from as many taquerias as possible to find my favorite.
Taqueria Los Angeles is yummy and super inexpensive.
$5 for "your choice of two" with rice and beans.
I will certainly return.

Unpretentious, ... nothing fancy at all,  Taco and Burritos , this place is just a neighborhood restaurant with great food.
I have been waited on by the 12 year old kid behind the counter,  ... the decor' is nothing to write home about, but all of this is what adds to the charm of the hole in the wall treasure!

moved from cali and could not find good mexican food....now i found it.

Nothing fancy... just a hole-in-the-wall place where one would expect some pretty good food.
There was just one guy working there, taking orders, cooking, and waiting tables.
There isn't much room to sit, just a few 'fast food' type booths.
I was ordering takeout so that didn't matter.
I ordered some tacos al carbon to go.
While I was waiting, a few others were served their food and it really looked yummy!
One of the customers got up, went behind the counter and got a soda refill... apparently accepted practice here and a hint of how low-key the place is.
My tacos were excellent!
My "good food at hole-in-the-walls" notion was preserved, and I'll be going back.
If you're looking for a chain restaurant, keep driving.
But the laid-back low-key atmosphere was just what I was looking for.

Because of the good yelp reviews, my wife and I decided to try this joint out.
It is just a whole in the wall.
There was no one else inside when we showed up around 7 15 on Saturday night.
I ordered three tacos--chicken, fish, and steak.
My wife ordered chicken enchiladas.
We got it to go and it was ready in about ten minutes.
We got home and were excited to try our food.
Unfortunately everything was under par except the chips and salsa.
The chicken and steak were a little over cooked.
Flavors ok, but nothing amazing.
Enchiladas were just ok.
The beans tasted like they were from a can.
My tacos were a little bland.
Really, nothing was great.
I really wanted this place to be great.
I'm always rooting for little places like this...but I cant tell people to go here over Carolina's.
Cheap food and cheap taste.
Maybe other items on the menu are good...but I don't think I'll be going back to see.
Good luck taqueria Los Angeles.

Fish tacos!
ASU MADRE!!!
TOO BOMB!!

I stopped in here today and tried the 5 tacos for $5 special.
I had the adobada tacos and I thought they were very good.
The chips they gave me for free looked like standard out of the bag but the salsa was home made and I liked it.
Gave me a little nostalgia of eating at a taco stand in downtown LA when I was a kid so I had a good time.
I'll definitely eat here again if I'm in the area.

It looks like a hole in the wall.
The only reason we stopped by was cause we really wanted some Mexican food and this was the closest thing.
But the food was SO good!
My wife had flautas and wouldn't stop talking about how amazing they were.
I had a carne asada burrito.
The food was great.
The a/c must have been broken or something cause it was hot in there.
But the food, totally worth it!

All I have ever ordered here is the 2 Gorditas dinner (carne Asada ) .
It's perfectly cooked and seasoned and mouth watering .
The Gorditas themselves are crisp on the outside and fluffy in the Inside

I'm literally waiting for my meal right now, I hope it's good!
--------------------------- MMMMmmmmmmmmm Mmmmmmmmmmmmm B*****!!!!
Wow this is pretty damn good!
I can't believe Ive literally worked across the street for almost two years and never checked this place out... Well, maybe I can... Carolina's is like 75 feet away lol   I'm not sure what that other reviewer was looking for/talking about but this place is definitely not as he described it.
It's a little family owned place and it's a little warm inside but other than that, it's fantastic.
I ordered the 2 floutas dinner plate and was surprised by the portion size.
These floutas are jumbo sized and taste great!
Warm and crispy with some nice shredded beef.
Beans are great!
Rice is good, soft and moist.
Salsa is chunkier than any other mexican place I've been to so I have no idea why the other reviewer said it's "watery"   Overall, if you're looking for a 5-Star Iron Chef Mexican Food Restaurant then you've came to the wrong place but if you want some quality Mexican food that doesnt end in "'tos" and has a "homey"

I tried to give Taqueria Los Angeles a chance.
And I definitely do not regret it at all.
Everything there is pure quality and the food is full of flavor.
The employees were super nice to me.
Especially this 14-year old girl who works there she was the sweetest girl I've ever talked to.
The one part I really liked about that restaurant was that when you walk in it smells like Home cooked meals.
So if you are ever around Peoria and hungry come give this place a try.
I know I will be coming back to Taqueria Los Angeles!

Always closing early and never got to try them yet.
Today arrived at 7:41 and female employee turned the sign to close and locked front door.
I had just turned my car off and was annoyed.
Owner needs to know his staff are closing earlier than 8pm posted closing time-cardinal sin in food business

