I have been getting my eyes checked here the last few years and have no complaints whatsoever.
Eye exams are great, Dr. G knows what he's doing.
Last week Lynda helped me take advantage of my medical insurance and get some new glasses.
Very consultative, didn't try to up-sell me on what I didn't feel like spending.
The selection of eyewear is great, too.
I highly recommend them.

A total joke, nothing but up-selling.
My first appointment - the "eye dr."  actually told me that I might want to spend this years insurance coverage on new more updated frames.
Totally insulting.
Never addressed my issue- and when conducting the pressure test part of the exam- actually touched my eyeball with the machine!
After my 2nd appointment - it was all about selling me hundreds of dollars in contact lenses- and getting me to try a different brand.
I declined on the contacts, and although- a follow up appointment was necessary and I was told I'd receive a call from the office to discuss next appointment date- ( their system was down while I was there )  ......
I never received a call regarding the follow up.
UNBELIEVABLE!
After a few days of not hearing back - I realized that it was never about treatment-  if I had purchased the contacts that I DID NOT need,  my guess is I would have been called about a follow up appointment.
This Dr. is a schmuck.
Very unfriendly to me and my wife on both occasions-  not even introducing himself to my wife as she accompanied me in the exam room during the first visit.
WOW.

Just wanted to update that I NEVER received a phone call from this office for the follow up appointment.
Amazing- especially since I was diagnosed with an eye infection by a much better Dr.
This place SUCKS

My husband and I have been coming here for a few years and Dr Gramlich is awesome.
He takes needed time with each patient and never rushes us through.
I have also on occasion needed to see him for eye infection and the staff is always very accommodating in getting me in as soon as possible.
They have a great selection of frames and we have always received quality glasses no problems when ordering.

