My 5 year old twins' very first dentist's visit today.
It was awesome!
They were still finishing up the new office decorations etc.
(they just relocated) so kids didn't get to enjoy the fun "spaceship" experience in the waiting area today but it's going to be a cool place for the little ones.
The office staff, hygienist, and Dr. Bienstock were all super nice.
They gave us some great tips and suggestions for their dental care, possible future treatments and etc.
etc.
My kids had their exams, x-rays and cleaning done so smoothly & easily.
Each of them got their "goodies" in a bag, a balloon, and a token for the toy machine inside the office.
Great dentist's office for any kids.
Highly recommended.

Amazing office!
Everyone there is friendly and great with the kids.
I take all three of my kids there and they are happy to go visit Dr. Libby!
I was blown away after our first visit, they are soooo much better than our previous dentist.
I'm so happy to have found Dr. Libby!

First let me say that, in general, I do not like going to the dentist!
However, I do understand the importance of taking good care of my teeth and visiting the dentist on a regular basis.
I found a Groupon for a dentist in my area and decided to actually use it.
I felt very welcomed from the first moment I stepped foot into their office.
The reception gals greeted me with a smile and a bottle of water.
My wonderful experience only got better from there.
The dental technicians were knowledgable and experienced.
Above all they were down to earth and had a fun sense of humor making me feel very comfortable and at ease.
Dr. Rowe was amazing!
He too had a relaxed, caring and easy going demeanor.
He took the time to get to know me and made me laugh and feel relaxed under his care.
I have recommended them to several friends and I hope they give Dr. Rowe and his group a chance to see for themselves how truly wonderful a dental visit can be.
If you are looking for a small family dentist, look no further!

Wow...
I am literally blown away by the thought that went into building this practice.
My son had his very first dentist appointment last week and he loved it.
Imagine that?!
On the DRPD website, it says that their goal is "to ensure that your child's visit to our office is positive and memorable.
"  Well, I can say with confidence that they achieved their goal...  During our visit, Mav had his teeth brushed and shined.
They counted his teeth (18 to date), and Dr. Bienstock looked at them to make sure all was well.
The staff members that we interacted with (Perla and Kelly), as well as those at the front desk, were friendly, patient and encouraging throughout our visit.
They were amazing with kids and knew exactly how to put my son at ease as they introduced their tools and did his dental exam / cleaning.
They were also extremely thorough in making sure I knew exactly how to have him brush his teeth, etc...
In addition to the actual "in room" visit, Mav played in the rocket ship, played games on the many ipads, went down a slide, and explored!
He was also given lots of presents including a new toothbrush, toothpaste, floss, a huge cup for water, a big red balloon, and a handful of other toys too.
DRPD exceed our expectations during our visit and I know that Mav's teeth are in good hands with Dr Bienstock and her staff.
I highly recommend this practice if you're looking for a pediatric dentist for your little one(s).

We have been going to Desert Ridge since they were in their old building on Tatum.
Their last office was definitely kid-friendly, with a space-themed play area and computer games on the walls.
The rooms in the back looked like a regular dentist's office, though, but they were still fun for the kids.
The new office, however, is amazing!
They have a huge space-themed play area, with climbing structures and numerous iPads for the kids to play with.
The best part, though, is when they take you back for your appointment.
The entry to the back rooms is through a "spaceport" and the cool theme continues throughout.
The hallways are decorated to appear like a space station, with astronauts floating around, etc.
The rooms are decorated really cool, and they all have TVs on the ceiling so the kids can be distracted while the technicians and dentists are working on their teeth.
Speaking of the dentists, my kids have seen both Dr. Libby and Dr. Bienstock, and they are both great.
They are young, competent and both relate to the kids really well.
My kids have never been afraid of having their teeth examined by these two dentists, as they have always been able to put the kids at ease.
The technicians are all great, too.
There are a few that have been there for a long time, and my kids are comforted by their continued presence when they show up.
The kids favorite part of the visit, of course, is when they finish and get a little goody bag and a toy.
The goody bag consists of a cool, new toothbrush that they get to choose, floss, a flosspick and a sticker.
They get tokens that they can use in a vending machine to get the little toy.
They're always excited about this part!
My family definitely recommends Desert Ridge!
It's a great experience for the kids and makes going to the dentist very enjoyable!

