My wife and I have used Dysart Dental 3 times each, all resulting in estimates that were not accurate, thus leading to 3-600 dollar bills in the mail several months later.
There is no accountability on their end.
I went in for a cleaning and walked out with only a consultation after 3 hrs.
All visits have been a minimum of 3 hrs.
I feel as if I should send them a bill for time lost at my job.
While there, several other patients were complaining about how long everything was taking.
They get you in, but you end up sitting in a chair for hours.
The "High Tech" features cost $$, therefore, you are going to get hit with every option available so they can bill.
It is now a few months later and I had disputed the charges.
After speaking to the Dr at great length a few months ago, he had agreed to remove the charge.
However, after seeing a negative review, he had decided not to honor the agreement.
Now you have to really question the integrity of a person.
Here is my understanding: -All quotes from Insurance are done over the phone -There is no documentation with timestamp received from Insurance to validate quote -Phone quote is then provided to customer -Customer agrees with amount quoted over phone -Dr Office billing states quote is different than what Insurance will agree to pay -Dr Office blames Insurance company -Customer is forced to pay the difference So apparently, as a customer you need to call and get the quote as well BEFORE any procedures take place

In 2010, I was moving out of town and thought I'd use my companies dental to replace my 20 year old silver filling that were cracked.
I was quoted prices for the work and agreed to come back over a period of three weeks.
During one of my visits I was told after the fact that I would need to pay extra for that visit because there was extra work that they hadn't anticipated.
Well at that point what choice did I have but to pay.
I then moved away and two month later I was sent a bill.
When I called to find out why I was getting a bill since I'd already paid the agreed amount I was told it was for a miscalculation of what the insurance company would cover.
So tell me do you think this is right??
Should I pay for a miscalcuation on the dental offices part.
I paid THOUSANDS of dollars already!!!
But I paid the bill, even though it rankled me that after receiving thousands of dollars from me and thousands of dollars from my insurance company I had to pay additional amounts in the office for "extra work" and now they had sent me a bill in another state for over a hundred dollars.
At this point I was just glad that I wouldn't have to deal with some one that had done something so unclassy.
But....the worst is yet to come.
As I sat eating ice cream one night, I bit down on something chunky, my first thought was....a stray nut peice fell into this ice cream at the Ice cream factory!!
But no, it was my filling.
So less than 8 months after getting the filling it fell out of my mouth and I was able to spit out the gritty substance, this was July 13th.
I called Dysart Dental the next day and I was pretty much accused of doing something to cause this filling to fall out, the office manager was condescending and obnoxious and Dr. Tracey Thomas (who did the majority of the work) never bothered to call me herself.
I was lucky enough to be able to see a Practising Faculty Dentist at the University of Washington and get my filling fixed, after spending a couple of hundred dollars and was told that there was no adherence of the material to my tooth, he called it "bulk material failure", in other words I didn't do anything that made this filling fall out.
The next day I flew out to my friends wedding.
I let the office manager know what my cost was, send her the xray and bill via email, but I got an email back saying to have the dentist call them......I wrote back that they were welcome to call the dentist themselves but I know they never did and I never got a response or reimbursement.
So bottom line, don't go there unless you want to have a dentist that isn't going to hold herself up to good standards, be accountable for her work or do the right thing for her customers.
I also find it amusing that when I realized that I wasn't getting any satisfaction from dysart dental regarding the filling that fell out and realized they weren't going to attempt to rectify the situation I told them that I would just write a review about the experience, at the time there were no review posted, but I log on today and see reviews, all postive, interesting coincedence...makes you wonder.
I plan to call my insurance company next to let them know about my experience and how the work was not only guranteed but how it to "be fixed" less than a year later.
Liked: Disliked:

We come here for our dental needs and love it!!
It's pretty modern, TV in every room and the service is great.
Dr. Sam is awesome and so are the assistants and hygienists!
I'm being vague here because I've had very little sleep and it's late.
Forgive me!!
My recent experience I had to get a crown and it was cool that it gets done in the office.
I could even watch the machine that was sawing away to make it fit in my mouth!
Sawing is inaccurate.
The machine used pressurized water.
How cool is that?

Watch out!
If I could give this place negative stars, I would not even hesitate to do so.
Dr. Sam was very helpful and nice, but the office staff is what ruined it for me!
I had to get a deep cleaning and upon receiving a explaination of benefits from my insurance company which showed a different out of pocket cost than what I paid, I called the dentist office.
They new exactly what the "problem" was the second I said I had a deep cleaning.
Apparently, the laser procedure that is standard for them during deep cleanings is not covered by any insurance carrier.
And not once did the office or dentist bring this to my attention, much less give me an option to decline.
Is this how dentists do business these days?!
Needless to say, I will not be visiting Dysart Dental again.

Great family dental care, wonderful doctors & staff, clean, inviting atmosphere.
I love how everything is explained to me in detail, in a way that I understand.
I definitely recommend Dysart Dental for quality dental care.

It's so funny that after I wrote my review that someone within a few days posted a review that stated the opposite of what I had experiences.
And that someone has the exact same name as a person employed at Dysart Dental.
You make your own assumption...

This isnt just a Dental Office, this place is a getaway!
The receptionists are impeccable and always kind and considerate.
The staff behind closed doors are great and this place is clean and organized.
Do plan though to make an appt for wks out in advanced, cuz this place is busy but I cant complain, its good that their busy.

Everyone who works here is always pleasant and helpful.
The office is state of the art.
If you need a crown/cap, you don't need to wait with a temporary.
It is made on-site and adjustments made that are needed.
It is nice to have the distraction of TV and picking your own channel.
The office is spotlessly clean.
Dr. Sam explains everything in detail.
Thank you, Dysart Dental!

I had a dental issue that popped up late on a Sunday night.
Called Dysart Dental first thing Monday morning and they were able to see me that same day.
The staff at Dysart Dental is very professional and my wait time was under 5 minutes.
I'd definitely recommend them.

The office is clean and the staff is friendly and pleasant.
I had a cleaning by Erika and she did an amazing job!
After having a not so good experience at another dental office here in the west valley, this office has definitely won we over as a patient!

Horrible service.
Was over charged and lied to.
Do yourself a favor and find a different dentist.

