I go to Tuyet Royal Nails once a month for a pedicure.
My friends I have a standing girls' night out and we start here at 4:30 for a great pedicure.
The staff is really great.
I really like the cute designs they can put on my big toes!
They are always welcoming and the chairs are amazing.
Most everyone is great...there are few technicians who don't listen as well as I'd like, but in general I would definitely recommend you try out this great little place.
Plus, their prices are great!

If I want to get my nails done or a pedicure this is THE place.
I have been here about.....15-20 times.
Never have I had a bad experience.
Everyone always greets you, is friendly, and gives you exactly what you want.
They're prices are pretty average nail salon prices, $20 for a spa pedicure (you sit in a big massage chair with jet spa foot tub, get heels scrubbed, nails & cuticals trimmed, full foot and calf massage, and nails painted).
I think it's $20-25 for regular white tip acrylic nails.
They do a fantastic job on that too.
Go here, I know you won't be disappointed.

Nice friendly salon.
They were very busy but we were able to get in for 2 pedicures within 5 minutes.

I recently moved to the area and wanted to check a few places out for my manis and pedis.
This was my first spot, and I am not looking any further.
Their customer service is great.
The prices are very affordable.
Chairs are comfortable.
I am definitely going back soon!

Good service, friendly staff.

My mother, daughter and myself have been going to Royal Nails for years for mani, pedi, and waxing services.
Lisa, Lee and Donna are all fantastic technicians (Lee is the owner and is very conscientious with keeping the appointments moving in a timely manner).
Their prices are terrific and everyone in the shop is very friendly.
The pedicure chairs are also incredibly comfortable!
After 6+ years of service, I've never had a negative experience at Tuyet.

Love this place!!
Today was my first time there and ill definitely be back to see Judy!!
I love the fact they do pink and white powder French tips(which a lot of places don't do) so that's what made me go there and I couldn't be happier.
I just moved here from Cali and was afraid I wouldn't be able to find a nail place that does pink and white powder and I'm glad I did this is the first and only place ill be going to :)

Worst experience ever worst experience ever had to walk out after five minutes and go across the street wanted to charge me triple what any place normally charges.
Very frustrated was really looking forward to it based on reviews on this site but I had the worst mail experience I've had in 20 years of getting my nails done

Been a regular here for years.
Love coming here for my pedicures.
Lisa is my go to pedicure lady because she does such a wonderful job and gives amazing foot and calf massages.
Place is always clean and accommodating.
They do tend to get busy on the weekends, so you might wait a bit to get in.
I recommend calling a day or two ahead to just make an appointment, much shorter wait time.
I used to get acrylics and they'd last forever just like the pedicures do.
I moved downtown and ill still drive across town to this place because no place compares.

They do a good job with pedicures but it's very basic unless you pay a lot more for the extras.
The staff is not very friendly.
They will try and hard sell you everything over and over.

I liked this nail salon a lot.
I was looking for something where I could get a pedicure and manicure for a reasonable price (below $50) and I found that here.
They have nice chairs that work, and a couple of televisions on the wall.
I didn't feel like I was rushed at all and I got the relaxation I needed.
If you are looking for a pure luxury spa, you might need to go somewhere more high end, but this was exactly what I was looking for.

Excellent pedicure.
One of the best I've ever gotten.
The guy who did my pedicure is named Eric.
However, my fill was not good.
It is thick and not shaped well, and very rushed.
My polish job was atrocious.
The nail polish needed thinner, which the tech (I think her name is Judy) neglected.
The nail design I asked for is very simple, but the tech did not even give it a fair shot.
Overall my nails look sloppy, like a teenager did them.

