I have to eat where I can when it comes to lunch time as I am always in different places because of work.
This has led me to a lot of restaurant dabbling.
This review is for those who think all chain restaurants are created equal.
I have eaten at probably at least 10-12 different Filibertos throughout the valley and the only one that comes close to this one is the one off of Stapley and Main but even they can't match up to this location.
Who love's to eat their long craved Carni Asada Burrito only to bite into the rubbery grissle of the poorly cut steak?
Definitely not me.
I've experienced this at various Fili B's but have to say not as frequent as other competing burrito places so have to hand it to em.
This location is one of only two I have been to that I have never had this experience and the other one is the one mentioned above.
ONE of only TWO.
I have frequently ate at some of these locations a many as 15-20+ times.
When I find myself standing in the sun waiting for a long time for 1 burrito only for them to cheap on the amount of hot sauce they give me.
I end up mumbling to myself wishing this location was closer.
You can go this location and dine in the A/C 24 hrs.
a day.
Serve yourself up as much hot sauce as you want.
The green sauce is made like no other so don't expect it to taste like the others it's wayyy better.
I would have to say the wait time for the food is darn close to twice as fast as the other locations.
Already a Fili B's fan?
This place will make wish the others will get there act together because this one puts the rest to shame.

Horribly slow drive thru, takes 15-20 minutes on average.
Food is good, but not that good.

Great place for drunk munchies or whenever you are craving late night Mexican food.
But it's not really the go to place for Mexican food in general.
I came here once for breakfast burrito and the whole burrito smelled like oil.
And it's really not quality food.
I'm not hating though because when it's 3am on a weekend night and you want some fried Mexican food, this place delivers (not literally)

What can I say...
I like these joints!
Everyone acts like they are disgusting places where cockroaches crawl from your burrito.
I work nearby and have enjoyed lunch here several times now... Don't expect gourmet Mexican food, but everything here seems fresh and tasty.
'Nuff said.

Filiberto's is amazing, but skip this location.
The food here is the worst

I am not proud to admit this, but I always feel nasty after eating here.
Don't get me wrong the place is kept clean, the staff looks presentable,  but my food is always so greasy!
It's fast 'Amerexican' (American + Mexican) food at its best.
Order the carne asada burrito with guac and sour cream and you'll be set for awhile on your 'Amerexican' fix.
Stop by their salsa bar too and pick up some red sauce - it's probably the only reason I come here once in a blue moon.

What happened?
I used to love this place, but I had to throw my carne asada burro out!
It tasted like the meat was undercooked.
Blecch.

Great late night choice

Yuck.
How can any Mexican joint have absolutely no flavor in their meat?
I really wanted to like this since it's close by and I'm all about 24 hour fast food!
Bummer.

Good qucik cheap mexican food.

Love the taquitos here... rice and beans were good, too.
Great prices, quick service, awesome staff.

Food is good.
I usually get the Arizona burrito.
Live it.
Service is pretty slow tho.
It took about 3 min to take my payment.
Lady was nice but didn't apologized for slow service.
I got free water tho lol.
I'm happy I got my burrito fix

Seriously took 20 minutes just to get one burrito from the drive through!!!
Haven't even taken a bite yet so can't comment on the food yet.
Just super bugged that it's taking so long.

Carne asada fries are so good !
Most places the fries are starchy and mush.. but they had crunchy fries and plenty of toppings!

Ahhh FIlibertos... the undisputed heavyweight champion of late night fast food will never lead you astray.
This location is around the corner from my house, so I happen to find myself here quite a bit, but having said that, it stands out among all the others for being super friendly and fast.
If you're looking for a good place to grab some fili-b's, then this is as great as any.
But if you're already looking for that, you knew that already.
I'm partial to the rolled tacos, but I think everything tastes good here.
So there it is.
Another awesome Filibertos.

This is the only Filibertos I go to.
It is CLEAN, and the staff are super friendly.
I go there for their chile relleno plate.
OMG it's good!

Ok Filibertos is Filibertos but today they really mad me mad and ripped me off.
I ordered a a Ham Breakfast Burrito with Potato's I know (Guilty pleasure) and xtra cheese and it came to $7.00 and I said how does a BB start at $4.59.
I got my receipt and they charged me $1.19 for cheese OMG.
The guys came back and I asked dont you think that is exseccive for cheese and said that is just what we charge for 3OZ of cheese that $19.04 per LB.
OMG go to Costco and stop ripping people off never going to this Filies again!!!!

This is the best filibertos in Gilbert.
Great service the food is always hot always quick.
I actually drive past two other filibertos to hit up this one.
The rolled tacos are amazing in California burrito is to die for.
If you're driving past stop in and get a California burrito you won't be disappointed

