A friend of mine absolutely loves this place and convinced me to go with her.
She said her favorite item is the Macedonia.
She said everything is good and recommended what we will have on our next visit.
The Macedonia was very good - sweet and fruity.
When I was little my great grandmother used to make me what she called a barnyard soda - which is a Pepsi float with vanilla ice cream.
This reminded me of that, but all fruit instead of soda.
I had the strawberry ice cream scoop, she had vanilla.
The drink was a mixture of mango, strawberry, pineapple and came with a spoon and a straw.
When we arrived there were three ladies at a table, but after we arrived the place was busy.
Several people stayed, but others picked up and took out.
It was constantly busy during our stay.
Each Macedonia was $4.95 and well worth it.
It was large and I wasn't sure I could = but I carried on and we each finished ours.
I felt very comfortable there and we stayed talking and enjoying our drink for over 2 hours.
I will definitely come back and try more of the drinks since this is just two streets down from my apartment.

Try the Diablito!
Great menu selection.
They have all the best mexican treats like duritos con chile y limon, shrimp cocktails, strawberries and cream, etc.
The prices are reasonable and service is timely.

This place definitely hit the spot!
I felt like I was in mexico :) I would recommend the macedonia raspado with strawberry ice cream.

I love this place!
Very fresh, interesting and unique drinks can be found at Frutilandia.
Best of all, there all very tasty!
I had the cantaloupe and I highly recommended it.
While I go for the fruit drinks, they have a virtual smorgasbord of things to snack on and eat including shrimp cocktails, ceviche, ice cream, chips and more.
Very unique and worth the stop!

The family stopped here and was really excited to try the offerings.
I jumped right in with the Diablito but it was a bit much for me.
As described on the menu, it was loaded with tamarind.
If you are a novice in their drink specialties and/or don't enjoy a tangy salty profile this might not be the drink to start you off.
Other notes from a novice, the raspado shave ice is not Hawaiian style, it is more a course grind.
The Macedonia has mango in the grind and is topped with ice cream while the Obisbo had no mango.
Those were very accessible and enjoyable.
The shop was clean pleasant and interesting and the service was friendly.
We would definitely visit again.

I finally stopped at this spot.
I had been wanting a Raspado and decided to search for "raspados"on  Yelp of course.
I was ordered a Masedonia, something similar to a raspado with mango, and strawberries, topped with a scoop of delicious strawberry Icecream  & lechera treat!
Oh my... this place is sooo good!
Definitely coming back :)

Where on Earth can you get a double scoop waffle cone for only $3.50?
You guessed it... Frutilandia.
Other favorite included a delicious ceviche tostada for $3.75 and their various aquas naturales for $2.75 or $3.50.
This is a fun place to stop.
It's a Mexican dessert shop with a lot of interesting options that you may not ever find if you only go to one style of dessert shop.
My 2-year old, my parents, all my friends and I love it.
Because the prices are good and the quality is nice, we stop there frequently instead of only occasionally.
Frutilandia has brightly painted walls, some games and music going.
It's good for the whole family or maybe even a date that you've been out with a few times already.
See ya there!

I don't want this to be another 5-star to add to the hype, but this place really is pretty darn good.
And cheap!
What we have here is a Mexican ice cream shop with some savory food items.
Scoops of ice cream, shaved ice, combos of the two, fruit cups, and of course the lechera (sweetened condensed milk) on top of everything.
I had the obispo, which is a pick your own shaved ice and top it with your choice of ice cream.
It's got some fruit in it, and a little lechera.
It may not look big, but it's about $5 and probably enough to share.
I also tried a little bit of the Macedonia, and it was also pretty darn good.
Much prettier, with the sliced strawberries too.
I didn't try the warm food, and it would be tough with the place next door with a bigger menu.
Perhaps they're the same, but you can order some basic Mexican quick dishes go go with your ice cream.
It's a nice atmosphere, very clean, and everything has dual English/Spanish translation.
Lots of TVs, and plenty of small tables.

Never disappointed!
Everything here is so yummy!
The staff is friendly, its always busy but they move really fast usually Pros: all of their yummy food & snacks  Cons: the place is to small now for all the people that come in  Always a good time!

The Fresca con Crema was delicious!
Wasn't a big fan of the Diablito, though.
It kind of tasted like a mouth full of tapatio and lime.
The Macedonia was pretty good.
Price was a bit high, though.
5.25 each!

Yummy, Yummy, Yummy!
This place is great for a tasty treat!
If you don't speak spanish, good luck, I do a lot of pointing!
It still works though!
I have noticed that it is sometimes a little inconsistent as far as how well it is made, but still delicious non the less.
My favorites so far are the Champango, and Escamocha when the fruit are actually ripe and not rock hard!

Speak Spanish food was great only thing is they don't have AC

The vampiros are really great and they are done fresh.
The Aguachile (Drowned shrimp) and ceviche are really good.
Be careful if trying to get a vampiro after 9 pm; they say they clean the machine at 9 pm even though they close later than that.
I do not recommend the Vaso de Elote because it tastes like it came out of a can.
The shrimp cocktail is also a bad choice.

