This location is by far the BEST Home Depot in the Phoenix area.
It's located a ways out of the central city, and is fairly newly built, therefore it's never busy.
Finding a peaceful hardware store is serenity in today's world.
Especially if you are a woman and often find yourself chasing down employees to help you with the complexity that is home improvement.
Their nursery is my favorite department at this location.
The staff  is so sweet and helpful, I always get asked for help at least three times every time I go.
I love Home Depot, it gives any home and any budget a chance to flourish and differ from everyone else's home.
The prices are always affordable, the staff knowledgable and there is always plenty of everything in stock.
Go Camelback Home Depot!!

I love this Home Depot.
As a supervisor here transferring in from another store all the associates are friendly and very welcoming.
This team is great.
I'm glad to be part of the team... As for any of you shoppers..
Please feel free to seek me out here if you need any assistance!!

Dave is awesome.
He works in electric and helped us out with absolutely everything, even out of his section.
We had several home projects we have been working on and he made sure we had the right tools for everything AND was concerned about us saving money, even when I just shrugged it off and didn't really care about the price, he explained the specifics of exactly what I needed and why.
Always greeted with a friendly hello by every single employee!
The customer service in this store is a shining example of how it should be!
They now also accept paypal.

The staff is very friendly and very helpful when you have a question.
They are trying to do better about there customer service and it is showing.
Rather go to them now then Lowells.

Very helpful staff and well stocked shelves!
The garden area is full of healthy starter veggies as well so I was able to get all of my springtime shopping done in one trip.
Very Pleased!

Helpful staff and clean store.
I bought flowers and they died within 90 days and they refunded me.
Fast checkout.

This review is in regard to my experience with the Penske truck rental department at Home Depot.
I returned my truck 12 hours late on the due date and the friendly person at the counter did not charge me the $100 late fee I was warned I would have to pay.
I tried to clean the cab and box as well as I could but did not have time to clean off all the bugs from the grill and windshield, again, he said not to worry about it.
My trip took a full day longer than I had planned and I had to rush everything just to get the truck back 12 hours late.
If you have ever done a military move you know what a hassle getting weight tickets can be.
With all the other headaches I had with this move, the fact that this counter person treated me with respect and helped me out was a welcome change of pace for me.
My experience with Home Depot made all the madness from the previous few days almost disappear.
I am truest thankful when I run into someone who still believes in good customer service and I will sung heir praises and send my friends their way.
Treat your customers right and your customers will be plentiful.
I only wish my experience was this good back in texas where I originally rented the moving truck.
It was a mom and pop (and son) shop and they weren't the friendliest or most helpful people in the world.
(I have their review on here somewhere).
Thanks HD, Penske and that counter person who was awesome (might have been Mike).

