We could not have been happier with the pods storage system and their customer service.
They were right on time for both pickup and delivery of our unit, we were given a 3 hour window the night before.
They bring the pod right up to your garage door and you wheel your belongings right into the unit.
So much easier than renting a truck and unloading into a storage unit.
The cost was no more than going the truck rental route but so very much easier and better.
With 48 years of moving experience, we felt this was the easiest move we have ever done.
We highly recommend the pod service!

We ordered a Pod to be delivered to our home to be used as temporary storage.
It arrived on time as promised and provided much needed space to put our furniture in while we refinnished our floors!
Of course a Pod would be great to use if you were moving, but for other temporary storage needs it is a terrific alternative to keep in mind.

I've read comments about pods that talk about other locations.
They don't sound at all like the same company that I'm dealing with which is the Tempe location.
In fact, the comment from Angel H. is outright false if he's referring to pods mesa storage location - pods lists two storage locations for the valley: Mesa and far west side.
I inspected the Mesa facility after reading negative commentary about their competitor's facility.
It was modern, spotless, well organized and secure.
It bears absolutely no resemblance to what Angel described.
I've been dealing directly with Katelyn, who is a salespeople I met when I went to look at the Mesa storage facility.
I've been able to reach her without going through their 1800 number and without any hassle.
She's been right on top of my order - it's not like I've had to chase her for info or followup.
I'll update this review after my move is done but, overall, at this point, they seem like they know what they're doing.
Based on one of the comments on this board about a different pods operator, I will check my furniture after they get it to the warehouse to make sure it wasn't dropped.
If the people driving their trucks are properly supervised, this kind of complaint shouldn't occur.
As far as the size of the pod, they're listed on the pods website.
If that's not enough to visualize its holding capacity, you can see one at their warehouse.

