There is nothing worse than coming back to your house after being away for 6+ weeks, flushing your toilet and watching the water rise.
Not only is the water rising in your toilet, but it's doing the same in your tub and shower.
Gross.
Seriously, it's gross.
For some reason, I had anticipated something like this happening before I left because I am my mother's daughter - I am *so* paranoid about things like this happening and worrying it's going to cost a minor fortune.
Anyway, i had printed out some coupons that they had on their website - 10% all services over $100.
SCORE!
While it's not much, in these economic times, it does count for something because I can use that saved money and go somewhere to yelp about later.
;)  I felt bad for the guy who came out because it seems we have a bad root problem - and the only way to get to the pipes in the house was to climb on our roof.
Setting sun, temperature dropping and having to climb on the roof?
Not exactly what someone wants to do at close to 5pm at night.
However, the guy was a trooper!
He did it and our toilet now flushes nicely...until the next set of roots grow in.
He recommended throwing stuff down the toilet to kill the roots (I don't remember the name, but I know it's dangerous!
haha) to prevent that from happening again.
This is the 2nd time I've used Sun Devil Plumbing and I'd recommend them again.
They're fast, friendly and courteous.
The guys know what they're doing and for hapless homeowners like my husband and myself, that's a good thing.

Short and sweet...this company is awesome!
I've used them several times and everytime they are abled to get you scheduled quickly and show up on time.
They are professional and knowledgeable!
I work with a lot of contractors and this one stands out as one of the best.
Two techs in particular are fabulous, Brian and Travis!

Great service.
Professional and prompt technician.
They arrived as scheduled and charged LESS than quoted.
I will highly recommend them to my friends & family.

This company charged me $100 to fix a slow leak on a bathroom faucet.
It took then less than 5 minutes of work then started leaking again a couple of months later.
I called to see if they would fix it again and, of course, it was going to be another $100 for the same problem they failed to fix.
They transferred me 4 times to a line that constantly rang and I had to all back.
Staff was really rude and when I explained I didn't think it was fair to charge me full price again they could have cared less.

I'm certainly not dazzled by the service.
They give you 4 hour windows to show up at your house.
My issue is still not resolved after 3 scheduled appointments in one week.
Each time they show up at the back end of the 4 hours or later than the 4 hours, and in 3 consecutive visits they have forgotten/not had the right part so they have been unable to fix it.
Each time I waste at least 4 hours of my life, not to mention I took half a day off of work to be here for one of the occasions.
I have no idea how their handiwork is because they have yet to DO anything but so far the experience has not been great.

I would rate 0 stars if I could.
We called Sun Devil Plumbing to help find where the milew/musty smell is coming from our kitchen sink area.
The guy arrived (within a 4 hour window....how ridiculous is that), we told him what we did and he said 'that's what I would do'.
We asked him to check things out.
He took a 2 second look and said it all looks fine.
We also asked him to look at our faucet, which he didn't do.
He charged me $99 for the visit and $8 for gas.
Heck, our house is just a few minutes from their office.
So now, after $107, I am no better off than I was before they arrived.
Now I have to call a 'real plumber' to help find and fix this problem.

One morning neither shower in my house would drain in less than about 10 minutes and each toilet was clogged.
We called the normal plumber that our landlord uses but for some reason they directed us to Sun Devil Plumbing.
We were quoted $133 for the job.
I had never used a plumber before because I had always been in apartments, so I had no idea if this was a normal price or not.
My roommate's boyfriend was at the house when the guy came, said he was in and out pretty fast, said something about how the guy told him it might be a good idea to get on the roof, but then said he was too lazy, or something along those lines.
The boyfriend told us everything was fixed though, we got the bill for $133, thought we were good.
We told the landlord about it and he said that we completely got ripped off and that was way too much to pay for that issue, but hopefully it would at least last.
Here we are probably about a week later and we already have the same exact issue.
So not only has every single person we have talked to, including the owner of the house, told us we were overcharged, but the job didn't even last two weeks.
I've thought about calling, but it seems like if you call they are just going to defend their plumber and charge you again to come fix it.
I don't really care what the reason or excuse is, as a customer there is no reason in my mind that we should have the same problem this soon after.
A few months maybe, but not this soon.
Needless to say I'll be calling a different plumber to fix the problem we already paid $133 for.

generally like this company, but today i felt i was overcharged.
Had a slow drain on a bathroom sink.
He had it fixed in under 15 minutes, it didn't require any parts (just labor), and after my 10% discount I still ended up paying over $100 for 15 minutes of labor.
It seemed excessive.

Overall the work is done but a tad high in price.
My water heater was repaired for a part still under warranty for $170.
This is the high end price for this type of repair and higher than quoted.
Understandably, the service tech had to make 2 trips: one to assess the problem, the second to fix it.
A few issues with their business practices though ... 1) The tech wrote his arrival time for his second visit at 2:30, he didn't arrive until 2:50.
2) There were charges on my ticket listed as "miscellaneous" and "additional" with no explanation.
3) He wrote in the summary that his first visit included a 1/2 hour test, however his entire visit from arrival to departure was only a 1/2 hour.
Individually these are small things but together they give an impression of price padding.
Hence, 3 stars instead of 4.

Great company.
Quick to get to the job and always great work!
Highly recommend these guys!

Somewhere along the line, Sun Devil Plumbing changed their name to Collins Commercial Services.
I don't know if that indicates new management but the service is now 5 star excellent.
This past winter, during the coldest days, our water heater went out again (which meant no heat and no hot water).
They rushed to repair it, which included ordering parts and an after hours visit.
The service techs were so professional and seemed genuinely concerned.
Wow!
This week my air conditioner had issues and Collins was at my house first thing this morning!
Again, the techs were extremely professional and courteous.
On both occasions, I was completely satisfied with the job done and felt they were reasonably priced.
They are my go to repair company.
Highly recommended!

