Dr. Frakes, she's been a great Dr for my daughter.
This is a small practice surrounded by different specialists, located right across the street from Kohls.
The examination rooms are clean, small, and furbished with the necessary equipment, some of the nurses or assistants might sound a bit tough, but they are actually really efficient.
The Doctor's are very nice, and knowledgeable, and approachable.
I was told that Dr. Frakes is leaving this practice, but the other Drs are very  good as well.
Will definitely keep coming here.

I've been going here for 8 years since my first son was born and I love it!!
I tried going somewhere else closer to my house but I changed back to this place.
The other place didn't compare to how I felt with maryvale pediatrics.
I have no complaints about it only their office may need to be renovated pretty soon.
It just looks a little "tired".
I love the staff and the nurses.
My 3 kids see dr. Shulski usually.. Their triage nurses are great too.
In the middle of the night if u need them you just call their office and they hAve an answering service where u leave a message for them and a nurse will call you back within an hour and give you over the phone advice on what to do.
Their front desk girls can also use some personality changes though.
Sometimes they can Be rude, but the nurses and doctors are great.
They can usually get me in the same day if not the very next if I really need to get in there!

I recently have changed my mind about vaccines and when I went for my daughter's 4 month well check up I was asked to find a new pediatrician because that office is 100% pro vax and those are the exact words that Dr. Patton told me.
My actual doctor was Dr. Wells but Patton made it clear that no one would want to see my child.
All I wanted was for my decision AS A MOTHER to be respected but they or he could care less.
I would not reccommend this clinic.
I believe a parent's choice should always be respected but I guess this clinic is just interested in the $$$$ they are going to lose!

