Good as any chipotle I've been to.
I always get the burrito bowl, black beans, chicken, corn salsa, hot red salsa, guacamole (only sometimes) and lots of lettuce.
Mmm Mmm good!
I love it.

It's a nice place when you just don't feel like Dell Taco or Taco Bell.
The ingredients are much fresher, creating your combo (from behind the sneeze guard) and watching them meld together is much better than sitting in a drive through.
Service is usually very prompt and nice, looks clean throughout the store.
Seats are kind of hard and uncomfortable to sit on, but I really like the closeness of this location to my house.
Kinda crazy to spend $9 for a Izzy drink and burrito, but nice change-up from the regular mexican fastfood joint.

This is my local Chipotle, but they've always proven to be pretty consistent whenever I've ventured elsewhere.
The ingredients are fresh, the service is usually good, and the prices are pretty fair for what you get.
I usually go with three soft tacos so I can switch it up and get one chicken, one steak, and one barbacoa.
Variety is good.
I also can't resist their chips and medium salsa, something about that hint of lime and the salt they use just makes it too hard for me to say no.
Admittedly, sometimes their food really does a number on my stomach, but it tastes so good that I usually just deal with the consequences later.
It doesn't hurt that their is this absolutely gorgeous girl that works there too, which ensures that I make a trip at least once a week.

I know it seems ridiculous to not only take the time to review a chain corporately-owned restaurant as popular as Chipotle, but also to award it five entire stars, but I felt pretty strongly that I needed to.
Chipotle has been a long-time staple of my diet, and I have ventured to it, nationwide.
However, this location is by leagues the most consistent that I visit, and I go at least once a week, since it is local to both my office and my home.
Service is always quick, even during the weekday lunch rush, and I never have to call ahead.
Also, there is one fantastically sweet and positive employee who works the cash register, and considering that we have a conversation every time I'm in, I can't believe I don't know her name.
Whatever.
The point is that I am always a Chipotle fan, but I know I'm going to have a hard time adjusting to a new neighborhood Chiptole when I leave this neighborhood... and when you find yourself saying that about a fast food restaurant, you know they've made a real impression.

Why does it seem like the people working at the counter act like you're bothering them when all you want is a little eye contact to order?
Did the service go downhill or what?
They ran out of rice, so it took a minute for them to make some more so then I make my way to pay first so I'm not holding up the line.
But I make sure I tell the girl that I wanted cheese, sour cream AND lettuce before I went to pay.
Of course she forgets to put lettuce in there, and when I asked her if she had put lettuce in it, she slowly sighed, and slowly unrolled the burrito and put it in there.
Dude if you don't like your job, go work somewhere else.
Sorry.. your life sucks?
Either way I don't have time for your dumb attitude.
What the suck.

They're always super nice at this Chipotle.
Today they messed up on an order but quickly fixed it and threw in free chips... as it was part of the mistake.
I come here at least 5 times a month.

Top notch Chipotle.

I LOVE Chipotle!
Everything here is so good.
This location has a knowledgeable staff who are happy and pleasant.

Oh Chipotle how I love you...
Excellent fresh food, quick made to order, friendly people.
What's not to like?
Oh and their motto is Food with Integrity, meaning hormone free meats and locally grown veggies whenever possible.
Fast food you can feel good about.

I always have an excellent experience at this Chipotle.
They are consistently generous with their portions.
The only downside is the ridiculously long lines.
I realize Chipotle is extremely popular but at times the lines are insane.
But its always worth the wait.
It is too bad that they had to increase the prices recently but hey, who hasn't with this economy.
One area of improvement would be to keep the ice tea full.
Lately I've had to ask them to refill it because its always bone dry.
But they always have a back-up ready immediately.

I don't know what it is about Chipotle I've just never liked it.
The food is good, average to me.
The staff is always friendly which is always a plus.
I don't know if its the decor and/or food.
Who picked the most uncomfortable seating?
And it's in every location.
I really have nothing further to add.

This particular visit was the 3rd visit I've made to Chipotle in the last few weeks that has been disappointing - subsequently, this will be my last visit.
This time, I asked for a carnitas burrito...oh boy!
The meat was atrocious - dry, tasted like mold/dirt, and then I got a big chunk or slimy fat & all was done.
I couldn't possibly take another bite, nor will I ever again.
The only thing they have going for them is the chips & guacamole.

Chipotle - You never fail me!
thank you for being so close to home :)

The right location.
This Chipotle Mexican Grill is consistently excellent.
The rice and beans cooked perfectly.
This location is never a hit or miss, always great food and great service.

Food was okay.
Service, however, did not impress me.
I stood waiting to order as several employees passed me by and didn't even make eye contact with me, as if they were pretending not to notice me.
Like what the hell?
Can't they even mutter a simple "hello"?
Or "someone will be with you shortly"?
Food wasn't too great, I won't be going back.
I don't know why Chipotle has such good reviews, it's pretty mediocre.
I'd rather go to Taco Bell.

I have celiac disease and usually don't have an issue with Chipotle.
However, today at this location the girl was a complete mess.
She didn't understand what celiac disease was, my specific instructions or the need to change her gloves.
It wasn't even busy, I won't ever be back.
I'm extremely annoyed that I can't eat a simple corn taco without getting sick.
Step up your game, Chipotle.

Very clean and great servicing location.
The food, like other locations, is one of my favorites.
If your in the area this is defiantly the place to stop by and grab a quick bite

Chipotle lives up to its reputation for fantastic fresh food here, but what really sets this location apart is the great staff and great music!
Thanks a bunch!

I always get the chicken burrito with veggies, black beans, and everything else on it.
Service has always been great when I go in.
One of my favorite eating spots

This is the only chipotle I will go to!
They are never shy with their portioning like other chipotles.
It's always clean and even if it's busy they are still fast paced with their service!
Best chipotle in AZ I've been too!

Their burrito's are huge and a great value.
what more can you ask for!

The food at Chipotle is always great, but the service at this particular location is awful.
The wait is only so long (even if there's no line) because the people behind the counter are slow to put your meal together, and they're always talking and joking to each other.
Even when you're right in front of them ready to order!
I've been here many times because I love Chipotle and it was close to where I used to work.
Terrible service won't make me go out of my way to this particular location again.

