This is the DQ the hubs and I roll through.
There is one much closer to our house, but it doesn't have a drive through, and generally when i want DQ I am already in my PJ's and not looking so presentable.
So we drive a tiny bit further for the luxury of staying in the car.
So, we roll through last week.
They were busy, but the line moved fast.
We get to the window and the girl is all out of sorts and mumbling stuff we don't know what she is saying.
She goes to get our ice cream and almost gets into a fight with one of her fellow coworkers.
She comes back to the window and looks all sorts of stabby.
We get our blizzards and split!
The ice cream is always good.
They have messed up our order a few times, and the people that work there generally scare me.
But I love ice cream and will get my fix any way I can

Drove through this one today determined to try one of the thick yellow Lemonade's I always see advertised.
I ordered a large and drove up to the window.
What I got was a solid white concoction and very watery.
I took a sip and not only was it barely cool in temperature, but tasted like a solid block of sugar.
No lemon to be found anywhere, and certainly not the thick cold looking drink advertised.
I knocked on the drive thru window repeatedly as the girl who waited on me had closed it, for what seemed like an eternity.
When she finally came to the window with a disdainful look on her face asking what I wanted.
I explained the issue and not only did she not offer to remake it, she seemed pissed that I had a beef.
When I suggested an Orange Julius instead or something comparable, she only pointed out the higher price difference.
I then asked for a large diet soda, which she obliged but didn't bother to refund the difference in price.
(I should have got back at least .40 cents) Clearly the advertised product and what you will find waiting for you at the window are two different things.
I guess what made me the most dissatisfied is her complete lack of interest in giving me what I paid for, and essentially a "what do you want me to do about it" attitude.
Does this place even have a manager?
I wonder.
Clearly customer service is not something they strive for here.
And management if you're reading this, here's a tip; If you're going to advertise a THICK, COLD, LEMON drink, you need to deliver.
What was handed to me today was pathetic, not to mention the crappy customer service.
I won't be back.

I have been to this location twice in the past month and each time they mess up our order.
Either they put two pieces of nuts I.
A whole large ice cream or completely don't put in any item at all!
I won't be coming to this location anymore.

Cashier didn't give me what I order really dumb pay a waffle cone that real cost is $3.29 for a stupid over full ice cream that broke my cone and the ice cream spilling on the floor just for $4.54

