I have been here a few times now, and just not been impressed.
The stylists are OK, nothing great.
There prices are decent, but I think a little on the high side for the quality you get.
My biggest complaint comes from the customer service.
I have called after hours or on Sundays when they are closed several times and left a message.
They will NOT call you back.
If you are going to have an answering machine then use it and call people back.
I guess business is good if they can afford to not return calls and go else where.
I will not be returning here.

I was a regular customer for several months - my cut and color; my husband's cut; my nails and both of us getting pedicures.
The nail service is horrible - each time I was disappointed; I asked for acrylic nails and was talked into gel nails which for me do not hold up and they lift.
Yet, the almighty nail techs knew better than me, the lowly customer and assured me that gel nails had changed since I tried them years ago and I would love them...wrong it was the same all over again.
When I went in and said that I wanted them off and to go back to acrylic that I originally asked for the tech was outwardly upset that I challenged her and though she took the gel off she hurt me in the process of filing and nipping and clipping and I ended up leaving with 6 out of 10 fingers bleeding!
That is correct...6 out of 10!
The owner of the salon got nasty to me when I complained and told me she "didn't want my kind" as a customer.
I would warn anybody thinking of going here that there are other salons in town that offer what this salon offers...minus the nasty.

The nail techs (Pattie and Leslie) are professional, friendly and do an excellent job!
I have never been anything but thrilled with services I have received!
The prices are reasonable and it's a fun and social atmosphere!
Also their stylist named Lindsey does amazing work!
Go see them.... you won't be disappointed!
I wouldn't go anywhere else!

Extremely disappointed.
I went in for a haircut, but when it became how inept the lady assigned to me was, I just let her finish washing my hair & drying it w/no styling and left.
Of course I was charged the full price.
There were only 2 other customers in there, so maybe that tells you something.

