Casey keeps things going here!
Friendly smile, happy tacos and burritos, and conveniently located across from Adobe golf center.
Cheap eats!

Typical KFC.
Clean lobby and friendly service.
It is nice that you can order Taco Bell and/or KFC.
Sometimes they do not have some menu items when I go during non-rush hours.

Convenient location.
Never too busy here.
It's a KFC,  Taco Bell combo.
I like the 10 or 14 piece special on dark meat there.
I get extra crispy and the healthier grilled.
The wait isn't too bad but I always ask if they have enough of the type of chicken I want so I don't have to wait for them to cook some fresh.
I like the wing hot sauce for my chicken.
Very tasty.
Sometimes I get a taco or two with my chicken order.
It's a weird combination, but sometimes i have an appetite for both.
Clean restaurant.
Always room to sit, not overly busy at dinner time.

Not unfriendly.
Fairly clean.
Slow.
Oh my God, slow.
I stop here often because it's Taco Bell.
5 minutes per car.
Every.
single.
time.

Tonight I got my lazy self of the couch to get some Taco Bell before the drive through closed at 10pm.
I made it at exactly 9:50.
There was still a car at the window,  but they weren't taking new orders.
They had gone ahead and closed up early.

Since it's close, I'll admit the potential sin of a Taco Bell/KFC run or two.
We all have our fast food indulgences.
My review is not so much about the food as it is the staff, service and overall management.
This store is consistently SLOWWWW (ok, maybe I come here more than I should...).
By slow, I mean that the in-store cashier has a line of 6-12 receipts lined up on the counter as they work to deliver food.
I ordered a fresco bean burrito and fresco soft taco and waited 20+ minutes (yes, really) for my order.
I most certainly was not the only disgruntled one.
By now, I should have learned my lesson and known to avoid this place like the plague if you have any desire to enjoy the next 30 minutes of your life.
I don't know about you, but sitting for that long inside or in the drive-thru for a simple order is just beyond ridiculous.
If it happened just once, I'd let it slide.
But this seems to always be the case.
Hearing the other upset customers while I'm waiting just makes the experience that much worse.
At least I'm not the only one...
I'm speculating, but I think it's a cheap management issue where they don't want to hire enough employees for cost, therefore they have poor service.
(The signs in the windows about how they will charge extra for sauces and not honor certain standard coupons only reinforces my opinion.
But again, just my opinion.
) Go to another location.

This place is a KFC and Taco Bell and it is terrible.
The food tastes great but the service is not so great.
Every time I've been here it takes 30 mins minimum to go through the drive thru to get my food whether there are two cars in front of you or 4.
I don't know why it takes so long and I refuse to go back because it's so frustrating!
And they don't always get the order right yet still take forever getting me the wrong order.
Frustrating!

This is by far the worst taco bell/kfc I've been to.
More expensive then the rest and the long wait times are crazy.

Got to love a Taco Bell KFC under the same roof.
I'd eat here again.
Burrito supreme is the best

Service is terrible.
Stood at a register in a empty restaurant for 10 minutes & the workers looked at me but never acknowledged my presence.
Finally ordered & waited for another 15 minutes for a couple tacos.
I'll NEVER return.

First 1 star review.
Came in at 6:20 on a Tuesday.
Completely out of chicken breasts in both original and crispy.
None in the cooker.
20 minute wait if I wanted them to cook me one.

