I was desperate for a pedicure today and did a walk-in at Nikky's Nails.
Since it was 4 p.m. on a Sunday I was surprised they were even open.
My technician did a good job with cutting my nails and polishing the toes.
I requested a callus remover on my heels, like I always do, but it was really bad and kinda gross.
She used a very dirty and worn pumice which did an awful job of removing the calluses even with the chemical treatment.
My heels are still rough and dry which has never been the case with a decent pedicure at other salons.
A huge turn off is that the salon itself was very dirty.
It made me concerned about getting a fungus since I was unsure if the basin and tools were sanitized properly.
I had also requested a manicure but then changed my mind when they wanted to charge me $3 extra to buff my nails instead of polish them.
I never get nail polish on my fingernails since it peels off within a day so I always request a buffing instead of a polish.
This was the first place that has ever wanted to charge more.
It was surprising since they actually have to do less work to buff than polish.
So based upon that I decided not to even get a manicure.
The pedicure with the callus remover was $28 and they wanted $20 for the manicure.
This runs a little more (about  $3-5 each) than other places I've gone for the same service.
Not worth it, in my opinion.
Overall, they were less than good but not horrible.
My pedi's usually last about 4 weeks if they are done right but start chipping in less than a week if the product is poor quality or the tech does a bad job.
My main concern with them is cleanliness.
Go if you're desperate like I was, but if you're not you should forget it and find someplace better.

even though this place is conveniently close for me, it waws a huge disspointment..
I was getting a full set put on for the my girlfriends bar hopping birthday extravaganza and i never really have had somebody make my fingers bleed until I went there... the lady was so rough on the edges of my nails the skin was bleeding!
omg.. the lady was nice, the full set was a little pricey compared to other places.. definately not worth $35 to have bloody fingers.
take your money elsewhere.

They do wonders with broken toe nails!
The waxing services are quick and about as pain-free as these things can be without sedation or booze.

I've been to many nail salons and this one was definitely on the not-so-good list.
To start the atmosphere was a little sparse and somewhat dirty looking.
I got a mani pedi both done by the same woman (I believe her name was Tina.
)  She started my pedicure and asked if I would like the pumice which I thought was included as it is in many pedicures at other salons.
After she put the gel all over my foot she then proceded to tell me it was five dollars extra.
The pumice rock was one that was sitting at the bottom a shower caddy that looked like it had not been disinfected in quite a few uses.
She was going through the motions so half hartedly that she was scrubbing my foot so hard and ended up leaving little paper cut like scratches on the arches of both my feet.
She didn't say anything else to me the entire time.
She also answered her cell phone seven times throught my visit and proceeded to hold the phone on her shoulder and talk while doing both my pedicure and manicure.
When she was finished she just got up and walked over and started with a new costumer without saying anything.
The paint job was actually pretty decent but if your looking to for a salon with good costumer service this is not the place for you!

Have been a customer for a long time.
They take good care of me.

