When I called, they went above and beyond to make sure I got a true quote, including coming out and checking my unit for serial numbers to check on warranty.
They were honest with the price, and they were my third quote and though a bit higher they guaranteed their work with a a year warranty.
Cooled my house down in one day in the middle of summer and called me twice to make sure it was all working!
very good honest service!

I had a very good experience with this company.
Mature and highly knowledgable, showed up on time, fixed right first time.
What else could I want.
I tried lower cost HVAC companies and got what I paid for.
I highly recommend Day & Night

Had 4 different TOP RATED AC companies come out to quote my new home (14 year old AC unit) for a new AC unit.
Marc from Day and Night was not only 1 of the most thought, they were also the best value for my money.
All of my duct work was thrashed, and needed to be replaced, also need additional vents added.
They are 1 of the very few companies that will not take any money until the job is completed.
NO DOWN PAYMENT, that's simply unheard of today.
The team came out on time and got on started quickly.
They had the whole job done within a day.
Which was great!
HOWEVER, we did run into some issues.
The team did not have all the vent covers with them, also did not know how to install my "special" thermostat.
The next day they sent out a rep to install my covers, as well as help with with some concerns I had.
My living room was HOT, and I was willing to give it some time to work out the kinks.
He made a couple of adjustment and was on his way.
The following week another tech came out in install my ecobee thermostat, which turns out to not be installed that day.
Another slip through the crack issue.
The first crew did not run a new thermostat wire from the unit.
Not an issue because the old thermostat was working and the house was being cooled.
HOWEVER..again, I had concerns about my hot spots.
Turns out the unit was only wired on the low setting (2 stage unit) so it simply could not keep up with the heat.
The new tech wired on high, per my request, so I can get a feel for it working fully.
Another week and they send a tech out again to set up the thermostat.
Gets the new wire ran, and thermostat done within a couple of hours, and all was good.
A couple of weeks later everything is done and Marc comes out to give me all my warranty info, rebates and payment.
Went ahead and added the extended warranty to the unit (simplicity of having 1 company handle all my issues if U have any).
Great news (I did have to tell them about my rebate i did qualify for, they thought I was not SRP), I get a $300 rebate on my new system as well.
After 2 months, no rebate, so I called to get the scoop.
Turns out the appropriate paperwork was not processed!!!!
Great companies will fix this problem, since part of the deal with Day and Night is they handle all of this paperwork.
The simply said they will cut me a check for the $300.
I follow up a few days later and they were able to push the rebate through SRP.
Either way is good, just now I'm 2 1/2 months farther out.
I still have not received my rebate yet (as of today) and the last conversation I had with Day and Night was July 31st......
Very long review, but wanted to point out everything.
Great value for my money, yes had issues, but they took every step needed to make sure I was satisfied.
Now as soon as I get my $300......
Thanks again Day and Night AC Team!

Called these folks in a bit of a pinch today...temperature in the house was rising quickly and we had no idea what to do.
Called Day and Night and they happened to have a tech in the area.
He showed up in less than half an hour and was beyond professional.
No sales pitch, no pushing unneeded repairs, just got the air back on and was on his way.
I was amazed at the service and professionalism.
Day and Night is our new ac technician going forward!

My AC went out - I called Day & Night at 8:30pm and had a technician at my place an hour later.
Kasey, the technician, was very nice, professional, and arrived in a Day & Night van (not subcontracted).
Would recommend to anyone needing after business hour service calls!

Just had an excellent experience with Jerry!
On time AND solved our problem in one shot when it took 4 previous companies to fix our Trane AC.
Would def recommend to anyone with confidence!

I've had nothing but great service from Day and Night.
Their technicians are extremely knowledgeable and personable.
Jeff came out today for a whole home plumbing inspection.
He took the time to explain everything he was doing and even gave us a few tips and suggestions in between.
He checked our water heater which is now 7 years old and past its warranty.
He examined the tubing that's attached only to find part of it was melting.
Good thing he checked....he said that it could be giving off carbon monoxide (eek!
)  Needless to say, they'll be coming out early next week to replace our water heater.
Thanks to Jeff for finding all these little problems (which could very easily turn in to bigger problems).
Did I also mention he found some issues with our irrigation system?
Problems (aka violations) that our home inspector missed?
Honest company and employees (many of whom are veterans).
FYI, if you are a member of Angie's List, you get some MAJOR discounts.
I got over $200 off my new water heater.

Called them to take over a job that another company had dropped the ball in terms of scheduling;  D and N said they were glad to help and were going to come within a few hours and not charge extra for this last minute call/emergency.
However,  I gave my first company another chance after the owner offered to come to fix my A/C unit himself right away;  I really appreciate this company offering to step up in such a quick manner, and I will def.
use them for future plumbing issues.

They sold me a discontinued toilet, installed in an hour, and charged me $380.00.
The toilet, which I looked up the brand and model number later that day, costs $89.00.
So, not only did they sell me a discontinued toilet and didn't tell me which is pretty lame, but they charged me almost $300.00 for one hour of labor as well.
Pretty sketchy business practices.

So there I was, enjoying a nice, hot shower when I heard an ominous gurgling noise coming from the toilet.
Hoping against hope that the dog had suddenly decided to start using the indoor facilities (it could happen, right?
), I hopped out to investigate and discovered about 15 gallons of pure, unadulterated evil had backed up out of the sewer and onto the floor.
Given that plumbing is way, way out of my comfort zone and it was late Saturday afternoon, I figured I was probably SOL until at least Monday, but I thought I would at least see if I could line something up for then.
Fortunately, I found Day & Night right here on Yelp - not only are they right around the corner from my house, but they were open and accepting service calls!
The receptionist was very helpful and efficient, and assured me that she would send someone over between 6 and 8 PM.
Jeff actually arrived a bit before 6, quickly diagnosed the problem, and had everything fixed and back to full working order in a little over an hour.
Highlights of my experience: - They provided service exactly when I needed it, even though it was outside what many people would consider "normal" hours - Jeff was extremely knowledgeable, personable, and professional - The receptionist was informative and let me know about the base fee (e.g.
service call fee) up front - The service call fee was extremely reasonable, I've heard tell of other contractors charging several hundred dollars for an after-hours callout, that was not the case here.
All I can say is that everything about this experience (barring the occurrence that caused me to call them) was outstanding!
Thanks to Jeff and Day & Night for saving me from the fountain of filth!

Great experience.
They were able to come out within a day of my phone call, right on time, and the problem was fixed on the spot for a very reasonable price.
$140 to change out both leaky shower valves in the bathroom.
Sure, I could have done it myself, but I know it would have taken me forever to get around to it and it would have been a big pain for me.
So I was happy to pay someone else who could do it in 30 minutes while I baked a birthday cake for my kid.

We had Day and Night install 2 new units on our house in May 2013.
We had problems with one of the units from day one and they told us they would take care of the problem.
This went on for a couple of months, they even had the Amana Rep out.
After replacing a couple of parts, they decided to replace the unit.
Day and Night made the decision to replace it with a bigger unit at NO COST to us.
They went above and beyond to help us and to make sure we were happy.
Everyone they sent out was very professional and cleaned everything up when they were finished.
Great company to work with and would highly recommend them.

Rang up this lovely company while troubleshooting a vile issue with my bathroom air vent.
Although they do not address bugs (Yes.
I said bugs.
) in air ducts they cheerfully provided a reference for a company that does.
I very much appreciated how carefully they listened to my concerns.
(I have many.
The horror.
You have no idea.
) In addition to the reference the wonderful woman provided some interim tips.
Given how polite, thoughtful and helpful they were for something outside their domain I would 100% ring again.
Hopefully my a/c won't crap out in the heat.
BUT if it does I know who to call!

