Good, gluten free pizza (for $10!!).
Enough said.

Consistency with all Barro's great pizza and wings.
Fun for the kids.
Sports on TV - area for kids to play..whats not to like?

Gluten Free Pizza.... delivered.
[End Review]  Seriously though, how amazing is this for the gluten-free diners!
Fortunately, for peeps like myself, more and more people are waking up to the fact that A LOT of people are gluten-intolerant, which means more availability of good products, like Barro's Gluten-Free Pizza!
They use the pizza crust from Gluten Free Creations in Phoenix, just like PieZano's and Piccazzo's does.
They only come in one size, small.
I ordered a 2-topping pie which set me back $13.50 after the $2.50 delivery fee (does this mean I don't have to tip?
), plus a $3 tip..... total cost, $16.50.
Steep?
Perhaps, but how do you put a price on happieness?
Too bad we're not in Italy where at birth, every child is tested for Celiac disease and if they have it, are given a monthly stipend from the government to help pay for the elevated cost of gluten-free foods.

came here on a tuesday i believe for lunch.
when we walked in we were the only people in the place, and it was like noon or 1. ordered a pitcher of beer[blue moon] and a small pizza[chicken supreme] and it was only like 15 bux i believe, it was perfect for the both of us, and got us pretty tipsy ; ) hehe.
pizza was really good and so was the crust and i am picky about crust.
lol

beer and wings, what could be better?
Barro's does it the right way....well almost the right way.
A waitress would be nice instead of having to go up to the counter for a beer.

Years ago I'd order out barros and love it.
Now that I've got a family its still a pretty good pizza joint to actually visit.
An arizona staple

I'm kind of a pizza snob and I thought this place was really good.
We were hanging out with our friends and they ordered for delivery.
She said it was "decent" but I'd be inclined to give it significantly more credit than that.
We had a special and a pepperoni and some hot wings.
The "hot" wings (they come in medium and mild too) were actually hot, not for the faint of heart.

My parents eat here a lot.
Love the pizza!
Gluten free pizza for the wife is nice.
(Expensive)

Nice location, I always come here during my lunch hour at work, typical barros pizza.
Friendly staff and good pizza.
Slices are available until 3pm and it's pretty quiet and mellow  after 1 Which I enjoy

What can't be said about this place?!?
The food is remarkable!

Great lunch specials!
Good wings and pizza!

We ordered an extra large pepperoni and a gluten free pizza to go.
The pepperoni pizza tasted good although the crust was a bit doughy.
I guess that's what makes it Chicago style.
My wife likes the gluten free but is is a bit pricey when compared to a similar non-gluten free pizza of the same size.
My biggest complaint with this Barro's is that they can't seem to cut the pizza very well.
When we got it home we had to re-cut it with our own pizza cutter.
I will go there again when I am in the mood for a really thick doughy pizza.

Always consistently good pizza.
Nice thick crust with plenty of toppings.
Ask for extra sauce.

Always great food and service.
Their pizza is the best, great wings too, very fast delivery.
Highly recommended.

This is a great pizza place.
Whether we are dinning in or getting the pizza to go, I have never been disappointed.
They have nice thick crusted pizza; the toppings are always spilling off the sides (which is delicious, a ton of pizza places skim you on toppings) and the prices are not too bad!
Their salads and wings are also mmm mmmm good.
Staff is always polite and professional!
Oh and one last surprise, they have Gluten Free pizza for any of you that unfortunately suffer from Celiac!
Yay!
Im a fan indeed!

Consistently amazing pizza.
Also we love to frequent this place because it is family friendly.
The small area with toys for the kids gets us every time when we don't have a sitter and want to go out for some great food.

I love their lunch specials!!
And their pizza is delicious!!
Reasonably priced and good service.

Great pizza.
Great atmosphere.
Great prices.
Great service.
It is pretty much the whole package.
Love this pizza!
Eat there 1 to 2 times a week.

I love everything about this place!!
The found is great!
The prices are great!
The kids area is great!

Was so irritated with what just happened at Barros I had to yelp this right away.
Waited 45 minutes for our dine in order only to find that it hadn't been made (we had to ask the staff).
Asked for a refund.
Manager came over and refunded only the pizza and breadsticks that were never made but did not refund our drinks?
Whatever happened to making things right?
I would have expected a full refund and then a "next time you come back (if you do) it's on us type of a thing.
So I'm the end my family didn't eat but had to pay $6 for our drinks.
Classy.

What is not to love about Barro's?
This is one of my favorite pizza joints... good local craft beer selection and delicious pizza at a good price.
Plus, they have TVs and a separate room for families with kiddos that features toys to keep the little ones occupied while they wait for the pizza.
My only wish is that they delivered to our house, but that is a small point.

Fav pizza joint in the Valley but they offer much more than pizza.
Wings, salads and breadsticks great as well.
Go to pizza when fam and friends in town and it never disappoints!

Best wings in az.
Fresh quality ingredients.
No short cuts on quality.
Great value and portions.

Service was good, nice choice of beers, pizza was very good.
Only one complaint.
The pizza came out of the oven & delivered to our table promtly but it was not HOT, just barely warm.
The temperature & timing need to be adjusted so the pizza comes out HOT.

Staff needs to understand there boundary for delivery.
One person will deliver and next person say they can't deliver.
Very frustrating.

This is the first time I have ordered from them and I must admit I want too happy.
They delivered in a timely manner, but the pizza wasn't very good.
Hardly any cheese and my pizza was burnt :(.
I also ordered wings and the sauce wasn't too flavorful.
I will stick to my Rosatis.
Sorry Barros you were not very good, at all.

Food is great but the restaurant is always full of screaming kids (it's a pizza place so that's to be expected) and the service is hit and miss.
Lots of young kids working here.
We LOVE the pizza and wings but we always get it to go because we don't like the atmosphere.

By far the best pizza in AZ!
Great wings but if you are looking for 5 star dinning this is not your place but it is great for the family and best of all the pizza is delicious.

Always good pizza for the price.
Been here lots of times, never been dissatisfied.
Wish the wings were cheaper though.
The sweet chili ones are the best.

Meh.
Ordered a combo type of pizza and it wasn't anything to write home about.
Did take-out so I can't speak to the eat-on experience.
Was the pizza edible?
Yes.
Was it memorable?
Nope.
Pros: Ready on time Good selection on the menu Price is decent  Cons: A so-so pizza  Will I go back again?
Probably not.
For the price and taste I'd rather pick up a pizza from Costco's food court.

