I have used, and currently use Convenient Termite Pest Control on my home, and I refer my friends & clients to them as well.
When I hear people in my area talking about scorpions & spiders (it's a lot of them) I think that I am the luckiest person on the block, but the reality is that Convenient Termite Pest Control makes it that way.
Our service guy Patrick is always professional & I don't ever feel like I am being "sold" on anything.
Thank you Convenient Termite for keeping my family and pets safe.

Convenient Termite came out to my place and did a FANTASTIC job!
Since then they have been treating my home monthly and my family couldn't be happeir with the AMAZING results.
I'm glad we are insect and critter free!
If you are in need of these services I HIGHLY reccommend these guys!
You won't be disapointed!
Thank You Convenient Termite & Pest Control!

I called Convenient Termite & Pest control because we had a flood and my pesticides wouldn't kill the bugs.
They came right out did the service and my bugs are gone.
They even advised me that the Termite treatment would need to be done because of the flood.
I am so thank full for their help.

These guys are the best.
I have used them for a long time and I recommend them to all my clients.
(I'm a real estate agent.
) They are dependable and honest.
They also are experts at what they do.
I only use them and highly recommend them to everyone.

Convenient Termite & Pest Control provides monthly pest control services.
My home is pest free.
Pat provides professional service at a great price..

I bought a new house and used Convenient for the termite inspection.
I was so happy with their service.
They got me in right away.
I was so impressed with the detail in the report that they sent me after the inspection.
I trust their service and I highly recommend them!

I had Pat come out from Convenient Termite and he did an excellent job of elimating my pests and being extra thorough in my home.
I like his follow through and dedication to doing the job right.

Pat and his crew at Convenient Pest Control do a great job and really know their bugs.
I was amazed at how much they knew about how bugs live, where they go and what is the best way to eliminate them all.
Great job guys!

Pat and his crew are top notch.
Weather its routine treatments, bedbugs, scorpions, or termites they can handle it.
They use great products that keep whats bugging you away.
Its a bit freaky how much they know about these little pests.
You will definitely learn more than you may like.
: )  thanks Pat!!

This is a quality service provider!
I had heard all positive things about the business, then I unfortunately had to require a termite treatment myself.
They made the process as smooth and painless as possible from initial inspection through the necessary treatment.
Everyone involved was top notch.

Pat and his team are the best in the valley.
Not only do they keep all the bugs away from my house, they are super knowledgeable about the products they use and the things they are killing.
I swear they are in the bugs head, once step ahead of the little rodents.
Keep on doing a great job.
My wife is definitaley happy that there is no creatures at our house and you know how they saying goes, "Happy Wife, Happy Life.
" Thanks

I called Convenient Termite & Pest Control this morning when they opened at 8AM.
Our house had been over-taken by ants over the past couple of weeks and something needed to be done - TODAY.
They promised to squeeze me in (I must have sounded as desperate as i felt) and would have someone over to the house between 2 and 5 - they showed up at 3.
The person that arrived was extremely professional, - he took a look around, explained what was going on and walked me through the process.
These are super-nice people - I'd recommend them to anyone.

