The best dentists around.
When choosing a dentist, make sure you pick one who is more concerned with YOUR best interests instead of their bottom line.
I've never been pressured into excessive work, the staff is very friendly and the doctors are good people.
Here's a post-script example.
My son was diagnosed with like a dozen cavities and they said we should do it on 4 separate visits-per quadrant- so it's not so stressful for him.
After the first one, he was convinced to change his hygeine habits.
We did the second and third, but then the doc said that he has clearly improved his care and that we could skip the fourth quadrant (they're primary teeth).
they could have easily let us do that fourth visit and made more money, but they didn't.
that's pretty cool

The dentist was pleasant, staff was pleasant too.
My problem is that the dental hygienist put unclean (salty) gloves in my mouth while examining my mouth with tools.
The dentist apologized and claimed that she was sure that the gloves were not dirty.
Well, if they were clean, why would they taste salty???
Now, not only do I fear going to a dentist again, I am having to go through the ordeal of getting blood work done with my primary care doctor to rule out any infections that I may have caught from the dirty gloves.
Based on my experience, I would not recommend this dentistry to anyone.

I am so happy to have found such a wonderful dentist.
To find a dentist that cares more about what's best for the patient and the art of dentistry over $$$ is very rare.
My former dentists did shoddy work and talked me into procedures I did not need only to have my insurance deny payment after the work was done.
My last dentist told me I needed root canal and a crown.
I had both done and in less than 2 years the crown broke off at the root.
Saw the dentist that did the job same day.
While he was working on me he said " I am surprised this tooth lasted this long ".
If I had known this I would never had spent big bucks on a tooth that would need to be pulled in the end.
Seville Dentistry is honest with a super helpful, friendly staff.
I have never felt pain while in the chair and have been so relaxed I could have dozed off.

