worst Petco I've ever been to.
I went to buy a gold fish and they had more then half the tanks shut down and there was a dead fish being eaten by another fish.
not very appealing.
no one asked us if we needed help.
we went to pet smart on Hampton after this Petco and we got the help we needed and they had a great selection of fish.
don't go to the Petco on power and baseline!

I love Petco - and this particular one is better than some others I have been to.
Clean store - awesome staff who seem sincere when they help you.
I never have to look far if I have a question.
I do wish the Salt Water area was larger, love to see the cats up for adoption.
Overall I think this is a nice Petco compared to others.

The manager here is so nice and always friendly.
I was visiting my family here and came in asking if they had anything for sensitive bladders and she was quick to suggest some treats that would help.

The staff is really friendly and nice to my dog.
They are knowledge and kind.
I love this pet co and don't mind passing a few of the crappy pet cos to come to this one.

As far as a pet co, I gave it a 4 star due it has good cricketts, other then that, I can give it a 1 star.
Some what rude employees, the dude with the beard, as about as much of a personality as a raw hide bone.
The tanks are horrible, most of the fish I looked at had ick, a parasite, not good.
Common reptiles, and rodents, place has a funky odor, for not having many animals?
If you need good cricketts, this is your store, any fish should be avoided.
They need to maintain them better.

Manager is useless and service is terrible store is clean and a nice layout but without good service their company lost another customer that spends a lot on a weekly basis for saltwater items which is a shame being their store by far has cleaner tanks than their Queen creek location but staff at queen creek at least knows their stuff about saltwater products and doesn't argue with the customer and overcharge you or make you wait for the aquatics guy to come in days later.
Few employees special order fish and inverts for themselves put them in the display tanks then say NFS manger and staff really incompetent

It's a fairly nice Petco.
I think it needs a little updating but other then that I do like this location.
All the employees are very friendly and helpful.
I went in there today to look around since I'm apart of the Pet Perks card and I had a $5 off coupon.
The lady in the fish section was really helpful.
I needed some MTS for my assassin snails.
They are not the type of snail you'd want in a tank but I need to feed my guys.
She ended up giving me a lot of them since they don't want them.
And no charge!
Now I should be able to keep everyone fed and hopefully they will continue to reproduce!
The bettas did need some attention.
Their water was very gross and dis colored.
That's the reason I didn't give 5 stars.

Overall very satisfied with this Petco.
They stay well stocked and always have clearance bins going with good stuff at deep discounts.
Staff is friendly and knowledgeable about dog/cat items and take the time to engage in conversation with the customers if nothing much else is going on in the store at the time.
There seems to be good turnover with cat and rodent adoptions here, can't speak for the fish or grooming areas.
Always an enjoyable visit and a nice outing for the dog, too!

