We always go to this Discount location because they're so great to work with!
Recently replaced 1 tire for free under my Road Hazard protection because I had a nail that they could have fixed but because of where it was at they just went ahead & replaced it.

I love this place.
I have had at least 8 screws in my tires over the past 6 months and they have patched them all for me for free!
I did have one instance where my tire was beyond repair and not only did they offer me a credit for the old tire, they match a competitors price for a new tire that was similar and I ended up with a new tire for only 20 dollars!
They are fast, understanding of my time, and reliable.
I will never go anywhere else because of how great they have always been!

I came in to replace my back 2 tires and my spare.
Bad news and good news.
My front tires could not be balanced because they had bubbles on them.
I agreed that they were old and needed replacing.
They would not do the work for me without replacing all 4 tires (safety/liability concerns.
) The good news was: they worked out an arrangement to lay-away my front two tires, replace all 5 (with the spare) and allow me to drive off on the unpaid front tires.
They trusted me to pay them at my convenience without collateral (or financing.
) I really appreciated their trust and all parties benefited.
I have my new tires and as of this posting, I have returned to pay a hundred dollars toward my balance.

Solid guys, have purchased from Discount for years now.

This is a great tire shop.
Go here for tires and rotation services.
I continue to be impressed by the level of service the staff here provides and their prices are great.
If you live in the area I would recommend DT on Greenfield.
They're friendly and informative and super fast.
Glad to do business with this Discount Tire location.

45,000 mile warranty on a set of $150 tires and after 20,000 miles tire blows.
No new tires with "warranty" just a whopping $36 discount!
I have since returned my business to Big-O

Convenient.
Efficient.
Good customer service.
Polite.
This is where I go to buy my tires.
I would rather not go anywhere else.
They've proven to really know what they are doing.
They are upfront about pricing and options.
They will tell you about how long your wait will be and stick to it.

Great Service!
Very fast and knowledgeable staff.
Brought wife's car in that had a flat tire.
Turns out had 2 nails/screws.
Not only did they fix both holes, they did it for nothing.
Dropped tire off, 2 hours later all done.
Even offered to put back on the car.
Was presses for time elected to put on myself.
Will be back!

Brought a great working truck in, took a horribly driving truck out.

Very professional and nice group of workers.
Highly recommend this Discount Tire location.

Reviewed tires on line which also showed 14 of the tires I wanted was currently In-Stock, and made an appointment for 8 a.m. the next day.
Stored opened on time, reviewed with rep of my selection, agreed on tire, balanced and installed set of four in 15 minutes.
Excellent, fast and friendly service.
I will be back.

