On the urgent pressing of a sister, I grabbed some take out from Rubio's for a quick delicious bite.
While I did get a bite in, my burrito was small enough to finish in two bites.
Considering I am more man than just two bites, this place needs to step it up.
They do give you chips to enjoy along with your burrito.
However, I would rather have had a second burrito without the extra cost.
At least with places like Chipotle, I feel as if I am partially full and not just running on empty.
Overall, the burrito was small, the taste was fine.
If you want to get a great burrito sometime, head over to one of the many hundreds of other good Mexican restaurants and leave this one to rot away.

Really good fresh Baja style Mexican food that is much better than many restaurants in the valley.
One of my newest faves is the blackened tillapia taco.
Low in calories and big on taste.
Just 1 or 2 will fill you up.

Always a bit pricey for fast food, but always great in taste and quality

I was in the mall today running some errands and decided to give Rubio's a try.
It was just okay.
I had the grilled chicken soft taco with chipolte cream sauce and avocado and it was pretty good.
The flavor of the chicken was just so so but the chipolte cream added to the flavor quite a bit.
They do have a salsa bar at this location in the mall but it is not the greatest.
The mild is a bit watery and has way to much cilantro and the picante is way to peppery.
The only salsa I really enjoyed was the chipolte salsa which really complemented the grilled chicken taco.
I might try Rubio's again if the mood struck me but it is not somewhere that I would seek out specifically.
Not that there are many other great options in the Chandler Mall food court.
It's just okay.

Very disappointed with the chicken chop salad.
97% lettuce and slaw, 3% chicken cubed into tiny bits.

Food was fresh and good.
I was very please that the store honored my belated bday meal coupon too.
However the food that was on my plate did not look that appetizing when it arrived.
The tacos looked nothing like the display picture and the chips were all crushed.
I know that Rubio's can do better than this.

After heavy shopping I tried to get out of my comfort zone and try Rubios.
I got the original taco.
Boy was that sucker dry!!.
Even after downing it in hot sauce it still tasted like a microwavable fish fillet and the portion of the fish unlike the huge picture displayed was like the size of an anchovy.
Also, I was displeased when the lady at the counter, when I asked for a small drink cup, gave me a  regular cup, I saw another customer had a small cup... What a waste of money.
$6 for a crappy meal, honestly this place makes Chipotle fine dining.

Food is so fresh and delicious.
Had a salmon taco, an original fish taco and a steak street taco.

Just left this Rubio's and SO happy with service and food!
The young gal, Christina, behind the counter was super friendly from the minute I walked up, very attentive and easy to talk to.
I usually go to a different rubios but I am super impressed with the help.
The cook made my food fresh and seemed very accomodating also.
The food - OMG!
was SO good, I hate to admit but i ate the whole beer batter burrito in the car on the way home, it was so good I just couldn't stop.
I used to work in restaurant management & I know how hard it is to get good, reliable help.
Well I hope the owners hang onto these two young people cuz they are shining starts!
Thanks!!
I'll be back for sure :)

