Love Sanderson Lincoln service :)  Since my Navigator is on the extended service plan......Anything major went wrong and they gave me a loaner car, usually a new towncar for the day or two.
They also have a quick lube area for the simple service: oil changes, brakes, tires....They took care of my tires here since they wore out way before the mileage warranty.
I always get taken care of here and even though the Lincoln needs more service then my other cars it gets fixed right and on time here.
I never had to go back and get the same thing fixed a second time.
The techs here know what they are doing and even caught problems with my Navigator before it became a major issue.

We had a great experience when buying a car from the dealership, until the end.
They added service contract, and paint shield plan without my request or permission.
We were advised during the test drive there were 2 keys for the car, but when we took delivery the second key could not be found, and they refused to honor what we were told during the sales pitch, because we didn't have it in written into the contract.
We were told that the 2nd key was there with the cars documents so how would we have known to have them write a replacement key into the contract?
That changed my opinion of the Sanderson name.

I think the repairs are done with quality.
If they recommend a repair I would get a second opinion to verify it needs done.
Also shop their repair rates to make sure they are in the ball park.
Example they charged near 400 for a bad air pressure sensor...
I called a different shop which quoted less than 100.
They charge for a check engine diagnostic fee.
Where almost every other shop this is free or waived if the repair is done.

I was looking to buy a car and just stumbled upon these guys and got a much nicer car than I was looking for.
They spent the time showing  the whole process so we understood.
The technology in the Lincoln MKS is great and they showed us how it works and how to use it, very happy with this purchase.

I have been getting my Lincoln MKX serviced at Sanderson Lincoln since I moved to the Phoenix area almost two years ago.
At my last oil change three months ago, it was recommended that I purchase at least two new tires.
I was given a rating for each of the existing tires and I decided to purchase two rear tires.
When I returned today for my next oil change, I was given the exact same speech concerning my tires.
The ratings and all were an exact replica of my last visit.
I stared the service manager in the eyes and told him that I had just heard this scenario three months ago and that the new tires were currently on my Lincoln.
I thought he was going to drop over.
He tried to back pedal so fast and furiously that he looked like a total imbecile and crook might I add.
Unfortunately that will be the last time that I use this dishonest establishment.
My grandfather, my father, my brother, and now my nephew have owned a family run Ford / Lincoln dealership in the midwest for the past 60 years.
I know how important it is to be honest and straightforward with your customers.
Sanderson Lincoln should be banned from business.

Sanderson Lincoln is known for their honest way they conduct business and we experienced it first hand.
From the Sales team, namely Eddie K (Kosakowski) and the Service Department, namely Charles, everyone treated us with the best customer service and made us feel confident in our choice.
We want to personally thank Eddie K for the great experience that we had buying our 2008 MKX Lincoln.
We were impressed with your professionalism from the time that we made the phone call to inquire about our Lincoln MKX and then ultimately the purchase of the vehicle.
Every question was answered and no detail left out.
This is the first Lincoln that we have owned and we have always heard good things about the car themselves.
We are looking forward to many good years in our Lincoln MKX.
Eddie K has been persistent in following up, making sure that we are happy and if we needed any further assistance.
This has been proof of the Sanderson customer service they are known for.
We have already started telling all our family and friends about our experience with you Eddie K and the Sanderson Lincoln Dealership.
Thank You, Al and Louise F

