Had a clogged drain in guest bathroom which was causing water to backup in the sink when i turned the water on in my bathroom.
I tried fixing it myself for a few hours even went out and got a drain snake.
To no extent and a huge mess i could not fix it myself.
Decided to give up and call a plumber.
i google "plumber 85028" and came up with Belsito plumbing along with plenty of great reviews.
Contacted main number and scheduled a guy out next day.
The plumber took a look at the issue and said he'd fix it no problem.
I was quoted 110 and one hour later the job was completed with very little mess left behind after his cleanup and I was a happy customer.
Would definitely recommend to anyone especially since im a big fan of family owned businesses.

Tried to schedule an appointment for them to come out the next day, since today is a Sunday and would be double the cost for them to come out.
First, the lady tells me their normal hours are 7am-4pm, so I ask if we can have someone come out at 7am.
She says that while they answer the phone 24 hours a day, they don't send out plumbers 24 hours a day, and that they schedule their first appointment for 8-10am.
Then she tells me that she doesn't have her scheduling computer in front of her and that it's not on.
So I ask her if she can turn it on and she mumbles something about it being the weekend and the computers being off.
So I tell her I'll call her back.
I try calling back 10 minutes later to schedule an appointment (presumably her computer is on by now), and there's no answer.
For the next hour, I try calling back several times from 3 different phones and nobody is picking up.
So for a service that supposedly answers the phone 24 hours a day, not picking up the phone so that people can schedule an appointment to give you money is probably not the best way to run a business.

After working a long day, I came home on a Friday evening to find my showers, bathtubs, and toilets backing up into my house.
I called Belsito Plumbing and within the hour, I had a technician show up, cable the line, and resolve the problem within 30 minutes.
The technician was professional, smart, and knowledgable about plumbing and as a single mom, I felt that I was not being overcharged.
I will recommend this company to everybody I know!

Had a great visit with Eric today!
He fixed all the issues with my shower, was very professional and offered great advice on new shower heads!
Highly recommend this guy to fix all your plumbing needs!!
Thank you Eric!

Had several plumbing issues ranging from a toilet replacement to hose bib leaking and sink repairs the technician who came out was polite clean knowledgable and prompt at making all repairs he left my home clean and was friendly to my mischievous children.

