Been going here for over two years for eyebrow waxes.
Have good aestheticians that know great shapes for brows.
Zarrin is the best...good conversation, skilled at what she does.

I started going to Canyon Falls after relocating to Scottsdale from Connecticut.
Now, we all know how difficult it is to leave GOOD people behind.
Heaven knows I have had to do that over the years due to many moves but I am so thrilled to say that I did not have to try a ton of people and live through as many mishaps to find the right ones for me.
I have been coming here for facial waxing and hair styling since December of 2009.
If anybody is looking for an excellent esthetician for waxing, Melissa is your girl.
She is a keeper because she is the only one at the spa (according to her) to use a special hard wax that - I am not joking - feels like she is peeling stickers off my face instead of that horrid sting and irritation that comes from using the traditional soft waxes I have had in the past.
I will continue to go to her for waxing even after I move an hour away in a couple months.
She also does an awesome job on my brows (shaping) and is very personable and knows her business.
I also see Leslie for hair who is not only very talented in what she does but very sweet as well who can engage you in a nice conversation without chatting your ears off (ya know what I mean?).
I've only had her cut my hair twice so far but each time she has, I have always gotten compliments on my style from other people.
But, do you want to know a little secret?
Leslie gives THE BEST scalp massages ever!
I would pay her just to wash my hair!
Five minutes (not joking) of gentle scratching and massage transported me to a whole other dimension - pure bliss!
Check her out; you won't be disappointed.
This place is very pricey - why I don't give five stars (and don't go as often as I "should").
Yes, there are PLENTY of places you could go to for less money, but I know that I when I do go to Canyon Falls, I will leave with what I expect to and that kind of peace of mind is priceless.
I am a firm believer in that you get what you pay for so if you're looking for that $20 haircut, there are a plethora of places out there to oblige you but this isn't one of them.

Mischa cuts my hair and always does a fabulous job!
This place is clean, friendly, and  very accommodating.
I would recommend it to anyone!

First let me say after many bad haircuts I am a nervous wreck when it comes to getting my haircut.
I have long blonde fine and thin hair.
I brought some clients here for a spa day and after a massage, facial and a few glasses of wine I agreed to let Maryam cut my hair.
She did a great job.
I continued to see her and then moved to California.
I don't need to get my hair cut very often because I generally don't dry/curl it often.
After 8 months my hair grew out great.
It almost looked better then the day she did it.
I tried a few places here in LA and each time did not get great results so when I was visiting friends in AZ I went back to Maryam with again great results.
I have now been seeing her for 6 years from LA and wont' go anywhere else.
We have tried some new styles (which was nerve racking for me) and they have always turned out great.
She has a great way of incorporating my ideas with what really will work well with my hair.
Now I don't even need the wine to get my hair cut and I trust her completely.

I have been coming here as a client on and off for the past 4 years, and absolutely love it here.
Canyon Falls offers a full line of services, not only for hair, but spa treatments as well.
I have used them for both over the years, and have been satisfied all the way around with everything.
This is more of an upscale salon....extremely well decorated, easy on the eyes and relaxing to be here for whatever services you may be here for.
I mostly come here to get my hair done, and thats what brought me in for my most recent visit.
I always see Maria when I am here.
Shes a really nice older italian woman who knows her stuff.
She listens, and does excellent hair.
The reason I started seeing her in the first place was because I was told that she deals a lot with curly hair, which is what I have.
Thats another reason I love this salon....if your a new client, and your not sure who to see, (like I did, intially 4 years ago) let them know what kind of hair you have, and they will place you with a stylist who has a strong background in that area.
Maria is awesome..she washed, cut and styled my hair in no time.
It only cost me $55 plus tip, and I looked and felt amazing!
This is not what I consider a "typical" Scottsdale hair salon....the people here are nice, welcoming, and professional...NOT your pretentious crowd that you might expect at other high end salons in Scottsdale.
If your looking for a great staff, with out the scottsdale attitude, come here!
Love love love the salon....will always return in the future, weather its for my hair, waxing, massages, or pedicures, you can't go wrong!

My wife just took our kids here for a haircut, and we found out the gal who had been doing the kids haircuts previously just left.
We thought no biggie and just went with it, but it was brutal!
Her replacement couldn't stand to cut my kid's hair because he moved a lot and was crying.
(He's 2 years old...that's what they do!
) So let me get this straight...you want to cut kids hair, but won't do it if they're crying or moving around?
Good luck with that!
After her dirtly looks and complaints, they just left and went to Cool Cuts where they pulled it off like pros.
We won't be back, which is too bad because we've been going there for a while.

I recently went here to get a hair cut after having an hour free in the area.
I walked in to a very clean, friendly salon and was immediately seen by a very energetic young stylist named Alex.
As a guy I typically have a difficult time explaining things in hair terms, but she was incredibly understanding and insightful in what I was looking for.
She did a fantastic job and she definitely gained my future business.

I have been going to Canyon Falls for about 2 years.
I started with Heather, who does an absolutely AMAZING job on my nails.
She is fun, easy to converse with, and her manicures last longer than any I have received at other salons.
I do the shellac, which I have had great results with, but I also did the silk overlays for about a year.
For my eyebrows, I only trust Irina.
She is the first person I ever let professionally touch my eyebrows, and now I am addicted!
She truly is an artist and provided me with a great shape that I never knew I could garner from my bushy eyebrows that I came to the salon with.
I have never gotten a rash from her waxing treatments and I trust that I never will.
She is fantastic, efficient, and can do magical things!
As far as hair goes, I love Tiffany.
I went to the salon with long hair and left with an adorable bob -- a cut that complimented my face shape and made me feel like a new woman.
She is bubbly and just all-around lovely!
I proudly call this salon MY salon and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a luxurious full-service salon experience for a very reasonable price.

Zarrin is amazing!
She is the only person I have received a facial or peel from there, but she is exceptional.
My skin looks amazing when she is done.
She does extractions (which people seem to avoid now), her peels have almost completely gotten rid of my hyperpigmentation from adult acne, and I always feel relaxed when I leave.
I have had my hair cut there as well.
It looked great after, although my hair is much more straight forward than my skin.
Their prices are very reasonable ($60 or so for an hour facial, $55 for a haircut, $25 for dermaplaning, $30 to $60 for a peel depending on the strength and layers).
I strongly recommend this spa.

My friend and I went here to get our nails done, as they have paraffin wax for your hands, which we both love.
The two ladies who did our nails were nice and funny, and it was fun to sit and chat while we were each waiting for each other.
However, the paraffin wax burned my friend's hand when she dipped the first one in.
Thankfully they didn't charge us for the paraffin, and I didn't dip mine.
My friend's hand was red and irritated for most of the day.
Additionally, after we sat to let our nails dry for a bit, we were ready to go.
But we noticed that our nails were bubbling, and that the nail polish wasn't very even, nor were the nail edges smooth.
The polish didn't reach the edges of the nails or the back edge, near the cuticle.
From the reviews, it looks like this place is great for hair and other spa treatments, but I would go somewhere else for nails.

Went here for the first time today.
Loved it.
Becca was fun/professional and did a great job.
I have been looking for a place to get a "big boy haircut" since I moved in the area a few months ago, so far Canyon Falls has impressed me.
Normally I just settle for whats cheap and quick from an $11 haircut place.
Yes, I paid more for my cut at Canyon Falls... but it was worth it.
The place is clean, the employees are clean, I was greeted right away when I came in and I left FEELING like I got a good cut.
I was only in for a cut/shampoo so I cant comment on any of the other services they offer but,  I think I might have found a my new place to get my hair cut...at last.
Thanks Becca.

I have gotten my hair cut and colored here, as well as waxing, and a mani pedi.
I love Patricia for my eyebrows, she's nice and does good work, I would recommend her.
I have had my hair done by a couple different people, both haircuts and colors were fine, but nothing extra special.
The mani pedi I received was fine, but I felt it was a little overpriced for what I received.
I can get a cheaper mani pedi other places that is the same level.

Great place to get your hair did!!
I have been going to David Wallace for over a year now and have been quite impressed w/his magical hands.
I think his prices are very fair and he is pretty precise and "Type A" when it comes to looking like a rockstar!
Plus, he's very witty and we have great conversations.
Loved the fact that he also uses sulphite-free shampoo/conditioner for post-color treated hair.
It's also a good/reassuring sign when I strike up convo's w/his other clients and they have long-standing tenure w/David - that speaks volumes, IMO.
** Text/call him w/plenty of notice - he fills quickly!

Great waxing and massages.
IF you want even better service, ask for Zarin.

I visit this salon monthly.
I always see Maria on a Monday and it is truly a pleasure.
She understands what I want and makes the magic happen.
There was one occasion when the color did not turn out as I had envisioned ( i picked it...bad move me!).
I scheduled another appt and Maria corrected the isue and only charged for the supplies she used.
I found this to be more than fair and my hair turned out beautifully!
I will continue to return as the salon is clean, staff is friendly and Maria is fabulous with my hair.

I have now attempted to remove myself from your emailing list at LEAST 4 times and you keep spamming my inbox.
DO NOT SIGN UP FOR THEIR EMAIL!
Ugh.

This was my first time here and I needed my eyebrows waxed on the fly.
One of the places I normally go didn't have time for walk ins so I Yelped another place and came across these guys.
I knew they were a spa and would probably be more expensive but I literally had caterpillars for brows so I knew I needed some TLC.
I walked in and the place is huge.
The girls at the desk were nice and made sure to get me in with someone.
Pretty much even if they were booked they would have made the time which is awesome.
Lucky for me, Patricia was available.
She was great and knowledgeable.
She was just cute and genuinely interested in me and what I wanted.
I liked it because she admitted that she took a bit longer than most but everyone is always happy with the outcome.
I have no problem laying for 15 minutes with my eyes closed on a comfy chair!
She explained the products and why she used them and explained what she was doing the whole time.
Personally, I am the type of girl who could have her whole eyebrow ripped off and not care (not really but I'm pretty laid back about what people do to my eyebrows).
When all was said and done she did a fantastic job.
She groomed them the way I like with out me even having to tell her to do it.
The shape is fantastic and they even look thicker than normal because of how she shaped them.
Well done!
Listen, its worth the money - I spent $25 including tip but if you get great service then there are no regrets.

Bought a $99 Groupon here for a massage, facial, and mani-pedi  Had a great experience with all three.
Minus one star for the massage because they didn't give me the full hour.
The facial was the best, microdermabrasion was included which was surprising And the mani-pedi was great.
Salon is very clean and they have little lounges for you to sip wine and relax in between services.
I will definitely return!

Very nice ambiance.
We came as a group, and some of us got 1-hr massages, and some of us got mani-pedis.
The space for the massages is very nice - relaxing, calm, great service.
I was surprised the mani-pedis took longer than our massages.
We arranged ahead of time to arrive at 11 and told them we need to be all done by 1pm, but some of the mani-pedis took longer than expected, and I think they didn't have an extra manicurist to cover, so we didn't finish until 2.
My mother in law's manicure started to chip the next day.
We got a great groupon deal so it was definitely worth our money, not sure about their regular prices.
Overall nice place and friendly service, but not sure I'd pay full price.

We have been going to their minnow salon  for 2 years now.
It can be a fantastic deal.
Sun,m and tues - $5 haircuts.
The low review is for 2 reasons - 1.
They do not take reservations so we have left several times because of a long wait.
No big deal- this is what they advertise and can be worth it for a good deal.
However, my second reason became a deal breaker today.
We showed up in the middle of the advertised hours to be told the minnow salon was closed because they had too many other customers in the other part of the salon.
They stated this happens sometimes when they are busy.
This is a deal breaker for me- if you advertise hours you need to be open during those hours.
We will be finding another salon for kids cuts.

Gennell is the best nail Gal in the west!!
She is so talented and gives a great manicure and pedicure!
awesome nail designs as well!
love her and everyone should go see her!!!

My daughter found a deal on Groupon, so we decided to give it a try.
We went for a spa day and had a massage and facial.
The massage was THE best massage I have EVER had and my daughter, who is an Orthopaedic Surgeon said the same thing!
We had DONNA for our masseuse.
Seriously, the best massage ever!

The pedicure was fantastic, their nail space was clean and the staff friendly.
A bit of a 'tude at the front desk, we called to say wed be less than 10 minutes late and they cut our experiences short.
Imparticularly, I waited an extra 10 minutes upon arriving to see my facial attendant gabbing in the hall with another client then having the Gaul to cut my appointment short after making me wait...didn't seem right, and the facial was so-so.
I liked my nail ladies.
I did wonder if using a groupon made them offer less customer service.

Facial Review:  I had a very lovely hour-long facial today with Donna.
She took the time to inspect my skin and determine what kind of treatment to give my skin-- I sincerely appreciate that as I've had a few "harsh" facials.
I spent an hour relaxing and enjoying treatments including a cleanser, extractions, a mask, several terrific massages to my face & neck, and a final moisturizer.
It has been 8 hour since my facial (with a hard cardio workout in between!
) and my skin still feels like butter.
I would like to try a spa package next time-- check out the package options here:  http://www.canyonfalls.com/packages/  I will definitely be back!

I had a Groupon and picked the massage option.
Nancy the massage therapist  had very good technique.
I chose deep tissue massage, and it was not an all over deep massage but she touched on points in my scapular region which needed a lot of work.
I felt great for the much needed treatment.

Canyon Falls is a superb full service salon in Scottsdale offering highly skilled and experienced artists in all areas.
I have being going to Alexandra for years for my hair and every time it turns out simply perfect, with people asking afterward where I got it done.
Rema is amazing for pedicures with the best foot rub I've had in awhile.
All of the people there are great and I will continue to get my hair, nails, waxing, massages, facials and spray tans there.

Classical Facial - I had a facial from Donna and it was divine!
I've never had a massage with a facial the way she gave one.
She wasn't afraid to use pressure.
It was a wonderful facial as well and I feel throughly better.
Will be back for sure!

I have been coming here for a few years now to get my hair cut by Samantha.
Its so nice to have someone that remembers you and what you like done, even though I sometimes go a few months between appointments.
I have had a manicure done there and was extremely happy with it and the woman who took care of me that day.
If I had a more expendable income I would definitely become a regular.
Every time I have come in I am immediately greeted by whomever is up front, even if they are assisting someone they make sure that you have been noticed.
I have never had to wait past my scheduled time to be taken back.
They always offer me something to drink, getting a cold class of water while waiting is extremely nice now that it is getting warm outside.
The salon is always clean and well taken care of.
Overall I am always happy with my experience there and their great customer service.

Had an 11:45 appointment.
I waited till 12:00 to be called to start the mani/ pedi.
We started the pedicure first and I did not think the lady was very used of doing nails.
I got a decent scrub and massage but I cannot see my feet really from that distance.
She started working on my hands while I was sitting in the pedi chair.
I do not like that.
It is uncomfortable.
There are tables for that.
Why not use them.
(Later we moved to another part of the spa where I sat at a regular manicure table.
) The result of the pedicure: the paint on my feet was all over my toes.
She never cleaned it up.
The edges of my nails were rough, not smooth.
The paint blistered and the lady noticed it when looking at them.
She said: "this looks weird".
I had been there nearly 2 hours and did not want her to redo them.
And her next client had arrived so she had to go.
I had opted for gel on my fingernails and the left hand was done badly.
The paint did not reach the cuticles.
I definitely will not be going back.
This is the worst mani pedi I got.
Ever.
She was friendly.
That's why I gave two stars.
Came home and took the color off my toes and redid them.

I bought a Groupon for a facial at Canyon Falls.
Nice place....however, when I added Dermaplaning to my facial, I was charged $50.
I thought it sounded a little high, but went ahead because I was there and don't have a lot of extra time.
Come to find out the menu said that as an add-on it was $25.
I guess Groupons don't count as a real service?
When I brought up the overcharge on my review that they requested via email, I never even received a phone call.
So I will vote with my wallet; I will go back to my regular Med Spa Dermahealth.
Much less $ and when they do the Dermaplaning as part of a normal facial, I don't end up with scrape marks on my cheekbones!

I hate when you buy a groupon and then to actually get what you want they up charge you for everything once you get there.
Total turn off and Such was the case at canyon falls.
I had a groupon for a massage and it completely fell short.
The building itself is nice and the massage area was bigger than I expected.
But a soon as the massage therapist came to get  me and said oh you have the groupon massage, I knew it was going to be bad and it was.
It wasn't even the full 60 min it was supposed to be and she barely used any pressure.
I basically left an oily mess still wanting an actual massage.
Very disappointing and I definitely will not be returning.

The worst mani/pedi I have ever had with Kellie.
I had gel nails to remove and she soaked my hands in a bowl of acetate and then stood there scraping it off, which was very uncomfortable.
When I suggested what my other salon does to remove gels, she said I guess that's a good idea for the customers convenience.
You think?
I'll never go back.

