These guys were fantastic!
I got a crack in my windshield and then an offer in the Val-Pak for Integrity.
I called them -- super helpful, walked me thru the entire process, called my insurance company with me, came out when they said they would, fast efficient and friendly service and very clear, easy instructions on next steps (letting the window cure...etc.).
Less than a week later I received a very nice handwritten Thank You card in the mail from Christine Meakin, (I suppose she's the manager, but not the friendly woman I spoke with who did the insurance claim with me & State Farm) with her business card, stating that appreciated my business.
Enclosed was a $50 gift card for Maggiano's Little Italy, Chili's, Macaroni Grille..etc.
that I can use at any of 4 restaurants.
Just like they promised!
These guys know how to do business, are completely ethical and on-board and if I ever need to replace my windshield again I would not hesitate to cal them.
I honestly wish everyone did business like this!

Thanks Glaucus A.  I tried them out based on your review and was very pleased.
They did a great job and we did get the $50 dinner gift card.

Great service.
They replaced my winshield quickly and at a very reasonable price.
Will use them again.

I've used integrity auto glass for three years they have replaced my windshield and fixed cracks.
I recently had them fix my windshield again and was asked which gift card I would like.
I made an appointment for between 12-3 I got a call at 7:45 am which I didn't answer well they kept calling until I did answer which I FOUND TO BE VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.
I never recieved my gift card so I called them spoke to someone who said I was wrong and transfered me over to the manager who argued with me!
I was polite and pointed that out to him I was not trying to aruge but wanted them to stick by the word of the customer serive rep who offered the gift card.
His response was yeah I know what you want you want free money and no his people didn't say I was getting a gift card and IF they did it was under the assumption that I was getting my windshield replaced.
So again i asked if it was offered and I know longer qualify shouldn't I be told I will not get the gift card.
His response was I don't know i'm not going to argue about 50 you aren't going to get it.
Needless to say my husband and my nieghbor wont beusing them anymore

Terrific service.
The glass man arrived exactly as scheduled and was very friendly and knowledgeable about the glass.
I was concerned that i would get a subpar product, but he took the time to  explain where it was made and pointed out that it was the same manufacturer who produced my other GM windows.
He was quick and did a great job.
I received my $50 gift card in the mail less than a week later.
I'd use Integrity glass again.

Fantastic!!
I dealt with the owner , Doug, who navigated a delicate situation with an outside company that was unwilling to pay for my windshield that they damaged.
Even though he didn't have a 'dog in the fight', he worked quickly and efficiently to resolve the situation.
Fred, the installer, was equally caring and professional.
I am a customer for life!

Great Job Guys!
Going to use you again for my wife's car.
You make it so easy one call and its done!
I especially like the timeliness of the repair and communication that your staff had with us

Great service and high quality glass installed in my driveway at home the day after I called.
They worked everything out with my insurance company so I paid nothing out of pocket.
I would definitely use them again and feel comfortable recommending them to anyone.

Had appt set up for 430pm.
The wife called me at night to see about coming sooner...I explained why 430pm worked but it was more important to work around their schedule.
...then the windshield sounds like there is an air leak.
Daniel said next week to see if there is an issue.
All I get is the run around.
Don't use this company.
Bad service Nd bad work ethics

Used through insurance company.
They damaged my vehicle and gave me the run around.
Spoke to Doug and he is the manager.
Very rude.
Bad customer service and he plays games.
HOWEVER they did fix the problem.
I wonder if this would have happened without my insurance company riding on them though.
The lead technicians name is Eddie and he maintained a good relationship with me throughout the process.
I recommend this technician.
If I didn't have to deal with this Doug character I would feel much better.
I recognize there may be unseen problems with service, however this Doug guy acted like I was trying to steal something and was totally rude to my sweet  wife and got her angry.
Doug, thank Eddie and his helper for the 3 star.

