I'm really picky about where I get my car washed.
I've been to this place a handful of times because I used to live near it.
I go here only when I'm on this side of town.
When it first opened a little over a year ago, it was wonderful.
On days when it's busy, the level and dedication of cleaning the car falls.
On others when it's somewhat slow the job that is done is wonderful.
It's hit and miss.
What is always going on are the guys who want to do the windshield repair?
I hate it.
They just won't let up.
They're really aggressive.
I tried to ignore one of them (and this made it my last visit ever) and he literally yelled, "HEY YOU - I AM TALKING TO YOU.
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?!
" It's the same pushy guy that I always see.
You'd think he'd remember me by now because each time he's asked me, I've told him that I'm getting the windshield replaced next week.
I looked at mister yelling at me and said, "I will answer you when I'm done with this man.
No need to yell.
"  The extremely nice man who was helping me decide on what I should get done on my car had the decency and grace to look embarrassed at the antics of the windshield repair man.
I also told the man that I will not be returning because of the windshield guy.
Overall, I just felt so uncomfortable at the approach of the windshield repair person that I can't even bring myself to recommend this place to anyone.
The car wash is good, but the windshield repairman just spoiled a good business.
Too bad the Classic Car Spa people don't really care.

as the other reviewer says they are high pressure sales there, I went in for a wash 2 weeks ago with a buddy the guy asked me if I would be intrested in a full detail i told him i had one at the lexus dealer ship not to long ago which for some reason they did not charge me for .
he then gave me his schpeal about the guy he has doing his detail work also worked w/barrett jackson detailing cars which caught my attention and  told me he could get all the little scratches out and also had a system that took all things like overspray from freeway painting projects off and gave me a demo and i could feel a diff on the hood where he did it and did not so at of  moment of weakness i bought a 225$ or so package .
I will say the car looked good although the scratches were not  removed as i was told  they also steam cleaned the engine  and armaraled the plastic covers on in the engine compartment ....the only wierd thing is two of the employs were ingageing in a very heated  hands on...well around the neck of the other employ argument ..........not great for customer service next time i will return to the lexus dealership for my detailing at least it was free

Do not go here.
I received five, that's right, FIVE upsells.
"replace your windshield!
" There are no cracks nor chips in my windshield, even since the last time I wrote one of these reviews.
"I need an oil change.
" "Let's FLUSH your ENGINE.
" "No.
" 3.
"What's the package with the car wash?
" "Here's one for an additional $50.
" Some package!
"Your bulbs are out; we can replace them.
" No... actually they aren't.
"Transmission fluid leaking.
" I happen to park in a brand-new garage and there are no drips on my floor.
If I start seeing drip stains today I'm filing a lawsuit, I'm not kidding.
The car had a weird chemical smell on the inside when I drove away which I found mildly amusing as dog-drool and coffee-drip stains still decorate my dashboard and center console.
They clearly didn't wipe down the inside of the car so what's with the smell?
Also...
I find it strange that I didn't get the air filter upsell.
I happen to KNOW for a FACT that my air filter is filthy as hell, as I looked at it four days ago.
Yet my receipt says "Checked-OK" next to both that one and the Cabin Air Filter.
Now I'm wondering if they even changed the oil??
Oh AAAND... there are signs everywhere that read "100% HAND WASH." I sat in the lobby and watched each car go through a machine to wash it.
Interesting.

I disagree with all of the other reviewers who said the sales people were pushy.
I went there yesterday for the first time.
I literally went to 3 other car washes beforehand and they all seemed to be the kind of "do it yourself" vacuum places, which is not what I am looking for.
I want to pay some people to clean my car - simple enough - no effort should be required from my side besides the reach for my wallet.
When I arrived, the sales girl was very nice, I told her it was my first time here and I wanted them to do a really great job on the inside.
She recommended the wash and inside detail for $70.
Since it was my first visit they even gave me a discount off that...
They quoted an hour and it ended up being two, but it was well worth it.
Am I really going to go out there and complain because the two guys working their asses off cleaning the inside of my car are taking too long?
No way!
I want to get my moneys worth out of this...
I guess pushy sales people are afraid of me...  :P  I will definitely be going back.

After my car was washed, I noticed some sticky stuff on the window so I asked if it could be cleaned off.
The nice attendant reached for a spray bottle and worked it off the window and took a few final swipes at the whole window, including the weather stripping.
A few days later, the weather stripping was dissolving and left a wide black smear of goo on the window when it was being closed.
So, I go back to Classic Car Spa to sort this out and I'm told that the melting weather stripping was from sun damage, mind you this is only on the one window where the solvent had been used.
The car lives in the garage here in AZ and in Northern CA where it's foggy and wet most of the time.
Then I was asked how old the car was (it's new) and did the attendant apply the solvent as part of a package cleaning or did he remove the original sticky stuff to be accommodating.
Soon, I realize that there are five largish guys surrounding me and my car and I'm beginning to feel like the only woman in an NFL locker room.
They pick away at the weather stripping on the other windows and announce that it's going too.
The long and short of it is that I brought the car back to the dealer who says he's seen this before; it's solvent damage and couldn't be from the sun as it's only on the one window and all the other stripping was in good shape.
So $80 later, there's new weather stripping to replace the gooey mess Classic Car Spa left me with for which they won't take responsibility.
I'm not done with them yet, as there are other avenues to travel with this issue, but this all had a similar feeling to their pressure to get costumers to sign on to all sorts of other "services.
"  It would have taken so little on their part to let me leave feeling that they found it important to keep good business practices and that customers are what insures that they stay in business.
So, I'll never trust them with my car again and hope to convince anyone else to find another place to get a clean car.
If one is after a great detail job, there are plenty of thorough and careful independent businesses who will even come to you to get the job done and for less money.
Car Spa never does a good job anyway.
Most of the time, I have to go over the dash and touch up the upholstery.
But mostly, I dislike having  to get a jump on deflecting their hard sell by leaping out of the car while announcing that I only want the basic wash.
So, don't go here.

Quality car wash that impressed me.
Yeah they want to sell you more than what you ask for but, don't all businesses?
How can you blame them for that.
If you don't want it, say no.
Life isn't about being a order taker.
Write that down.
I share the sentiment of another reviewer regarding time.
They do take a while to get the car washed but it's quality.
I just moved to the area so I'm not loyal yet but for now I'll keep giving them my business.

I have gone to this location quite a few times since it is convenient to where I work and live and the wait time has never been out of control.
However on my last visit a year ago, I vowed to never go back.
This place has the pushiest, rudest people working the service area I have ever encountered.
The last man I came in contact with on my final visit was so rude that he and I literally got into an argument as I was checking my car in.
In a nutshell, I wanted a basic quick wash as I had my 3 and 5 year old with me and waiting at the car wash for a long period of time would be a disaster for me and the kids.
When I told him "I really just want my car quickly washed off today"  he turned to the side and said and I quote  "Why don't I just give you this spray bottle and you can do it yourself"  I lost my cool and proceeded to put my kids back in the car and skip the wash where we yelled... literally yelled at each other.
Not cool in front of my kids I know, but I was mad and could not believe it.
I had been hassled by this person before, but this was by far the worst.
Since i shop at other stores in the area, I happen to know he still works there in the customer area and I will NEVER be back.
Worst customer service in town.
Even with my "earned" free wash, after getting 10 there I will not go back and give them any business at all

I gave them a chance...and they failed.
I came in and mentioned I was in a bit of a hurry (my mistake).
Was up sold to a wash and wax, with $15 off.
($49 normally, got for $34).
I was OK with that.
The guy asked if I had a coupon,  they don't have a website, so no...BUT, I will love to review you guys, cause based on what I see you need some help.
They guy laughed and said, we will take care of ya.... Yeah, thanks.
So 1+hour later wash and wax done.
Outside of the car looked good (8.5 out of 10) and inside was OK (7-10).
Hurried home (cause I was already late).
Went to open the back of my car (I have a Dodge Nitro and the back is where I let my dogs ride)....NOOOOO!!!!!!!
Not only was the back not cleaned, THEY DIDN'T EVEN TOUCH IT!
My mistake #2, make sure to tell the car wash people you want the WHOLE car washed.
So, I had to do the  "car wash after the car wash" at home routine.
If I had more time I would have brought it back, but of course MY MISTAKE.
I tried, I went against the reviews and wanted it to work.
They are close to my home, but guess what....NEVER AGAIN.

I got a groupon for $25 to the Classic Car Spa, even though its out of my way to go, I was glad I did.
My car is sparkling clean, smells good, and I will definitely be going back.

I had a good experience with them.
My car is super clean.
The outside definitely sparkles!
They didn't use alot of slimy stuff on the dashboard, but there's a bit on the side doors and everything where I put my feet.
I was sliding all over the place, but it's ok.
Either way, they got all the much needed dirt out and I'm happy with the price... one of the first Groupons I bought that was actually worth it and not a rip off.
I wish they had better air fresheners (the ones in the cans that you put under the seat are great), they just have really weak ones.
I'll be back to finish up my groupons :)

I usually really like this place.
They didn't clean the inside of more car very well.
The outside and wheels were done really well.

Update to my oringal review below in which I gave this establishment only one star: after about 1hr, the manager came back to me and said "he was thinking about it and it wasnt fair to me because I had been told wrong.
So [he] will meet me in the middle and give me a free #2 wash for next time".
While I wanted them to honor the original agreement, this is better than nothing so, I'll take it.
Or perhaps he happened to see my review on here and hence his hange of heart :)   I'm changing my review to 3 stars because the other factors are still present.
See the original review for them    I'm not one to give reviews unless I get really bad  service.
I've used these guys several times and every time, I always find spots on the "all hand" wash that were very obvious and should have been cleaned.
Also, they are very pushy on their up sell and wish I could come here just once, ask for what I need without someone pushing me to add a wax or interior or something else I don't want or need for a discount.
Regardless, I got their Groupon because it was still a very good deal.
When I got the Groupon, I was explicitly told by the lady, because I explicitly asked, that I could apply one of the $24 wash towards an interior detail clean.
So here I am, sitting at the wash, waiting for them to finish the detail, only to be told that they refuse to do it.
I spoke with the manager and his excuse was that the guy had already given me a discount on the interior.
I told him it wasn't fair because an employee had given me that information previously and that was the reason I decided to get an interior wash to begin with!
Technically if I have already Pre-paid the wash because I had the Pre-paid cards, what does it matter to give me the $24 off the interior?
They owe me $24 of work.
Wether its interior or exterior.
Good business sense says to do the work now because prices go up and tomorrow when I come in, you can charge me more for it.
Either way, my bad rating is for the bad customer service and unwillingness to work with me and their less than stellar car wash results.
I would also like to note that I can see my at through the window as they finish it up and I see spots on it!
I forgot to mention that when I was told I could apply the dollars to another service, I had a friend with me.
I just texted her to validate that she understood the lady in the same way I did.
She confirmed what I was told.
I just hate when customer service is thrown out the door!

Got an excellent wash and wax.
Truck is sparkling inside and out.
I opted for the better package but the six month wax was worth it.
All in all ran $100

I went there and they lost my remote control off my keychain.
I understand sometimes stuff happens but the thing is nobody did anything to make things right.
I own 4 cars and none of them are going back there.

they always do a good job, but the wait in line at the entrance is poorly set up.
Too long of a wait.
I understand from a business set up, you have to upsell, but they should have more than 2 people checking in when it's busy.

They give you a  great wash here.
You have to endure the upselling (which I hate) and you have to make sure you get everything you paid for.
They tend to skip the trunk if you don't speak up.
Other than that I am typically happy with the job they do.

Excellent.
Have been going there 4 years.
An employee signed us up for a "deal" that we paid for in advance.
When we got there it was different then we were told.
Brian stepped up to the plate and honored our verbal agreement.
Excellent job.
We will keep coming back and keep referring

Absolutely the worst car wash I've ever had.
Waited 50 minutes to get my car only to get home and find the back seats still dirty and barely vacuumed.
Dash wasn't wiped down and dirt still on the passenger kick plate.
Just go down to the $3 car wash around the corner...you'll get about the same thing.

I paid for the $50 cleaning.
When they were done and called me over I found the wheels were still very greasy;; they did not wipe down the lower part of the car; did not vacuum my trunk until I asked; broke the netting in the trunk; left streaks on the wind shield; the floor mats were to have been "detailed" and yet they are still dirty....just got them wet; the stuff they used on the interior leather did not clean anything and left it hard and has strange smell.
The interior was briskly vacuumed but they didn't bother to do along the edges of the entrances to the doors.
I will never go back.
The next day I removed the mats to clean them and discovered they had not vacuumed the floor beneath the mats!
I also realize that when they "clean" the leather seats, the do not remove any dirt.
They simply wipe a slick, shiny product over the dirt.

I used to come here 5 yrs ago all the time and they did great jobs.
So I bought these groupon deals and I come here.
The front ticket guy tries to uprade me to leather wipes.
I decline.
And with a smart ass tone said "only guy today that doesnt want it.
Guess you'll be sliding around".
I do sales for a living and being a ass is no way to upsell a customer.
Then I asked him for new car smell.
He then told me "wow, you come in with a groupon ticket and you expect car scent too"?
I gotta say this place has gone down the drain.
This is no way to talk to a customer.
Gotta say ill be heading back to full circle after my groupons are used.

Just had all the kid dirt scraped scrubbed buffed and polished out of my 2006 ford.
Looks like new inside and out.
We are talking melted crayon.
Dried old stains.
They are amazing.
Great prices too!

Outrageous!
For upgrading to the $99 I took my Xterra home to finish the $25 job they started.
I could go to great length about the bugs and road tar that were supposedly waxed over.
There was oily product running down every rubber and plastic part inside and out; where and if anything was done at all.
The back third of the interior was completely ignored.
The colourful foam from the wash left rainbow stripes next to the remaining crud in most of the door jams.
I get better result in minutes with a vacuum and cheap drive through wash.  After asking if they really were finished, I was basically lied to about all the fore-mentioned.
At that point I just held out my hand disappointed and waited for my keys.
I should have demanded a refund since I obviously wasn't going to see results.

Waste of money.
Waste of time.
After 2 hours and $40 had to tell the guy how to clean my vehicle.
Didn't even vacuum interior completely.
2 of 4 tires not even cleaned.
What a joke.
Cust svc is trash.

Wish I could give zero stars.
Went here because of a Groupon deal.
I have only had my car for 2 weeks and this was the first wash since getting it from the dealer.
Now my paint has swirls in it and my rims have scratches from someone standing on them to reach over my car.
When I went back to complain about workmanship, Robert Sosa told me that none of it was their fault.
He also told me that he was the highest manager on site and there was nothing he could do.
After 10 minutes of arguing, I finally got him to fill out an incident information form and will supposedly be hearing from a general manager in the next couple days.
The only thing worse than the actual car wash is the customer service.
Now I need to find someone I don't like to give my other Groupon tickets to, as you couldn't pay me to come back to this place.

Don't waste your money.
Don't think they really waxed it.
No way was it buffed our.
$100 .
Ripped off on service and manager just wiped off spots with his hands.

Good place, I think that of the car washes in the area probably the best.
Hand wash is why I come here.

Zero stars if I could.
Been going to this location since it opened and the quality and service has done nothing but go down hill.
Bought the groupon last month.
The wash was not even busy and it took them 48 minutes to wash my truck.
My truck sat in the sun and dried while other vehicles moved through the line.
When my truck came out of the wash tunnel it happened to get out in the line that was held up because another truck was getting extra detail work because it was going into the garage for a wax.
So my truck and another car sat in the sun and dried!
Managers excuse "we are training new people".
Won't be back even

I take my dually truck there because of the wide belt they use.
Unfortunately they're always closing and opening my electric mirrors, which eventually strips the housing unit.
Overall, a decent place to go IF your not in any hurry and don't mind the up selling and windshield repair people.
I bring my RV in there and for a decent rate they actually do a good job on it.

After reading the reviews I realized I'm not the only one who was disappointed by this place.
After spending $40 and waiting an hour, my truck came back still dirty.
Dog hair on the seats, dirt and dust everywhere, windows had gunk and watermarks all over them, and the bed still had dirt in it.
When I confronted the manager about my disappointment and pointed out the mess left behind he said "Well, with things like this, that's why we have detailing.
" And then he told me "I guess I can send it back through for you but that will take 30 minutes.
" I told him no I don't have time for that and it should have been done right the first time.
He then offered me a re-wash.
I don't even know if I'll be going back for the re-wash.
This place is horrible, don't waste your time or money.

I give two stars for a decent wash.
I got the basic wash it was 14.99.
As soon as you pull up they are trying to upsell you and get you to replace your windshield.
Even when they were giving me my car back they tried to get me to have my leather seats detailed.
I find this very annoying and if I shouldn't have to say no thank you more than once.
I had to ask to have the marker they write on your window washed off.
They also missed bird poo that was on my door.
My door handle was broken prior to going in but they hid the handle under my seat and when I asked where it was they tried to say it wasn't there when I arrived.
I don't like being called a liar.
Will not return.

The people here are always friendly an the do a good job on my car  I have found a new place to bring my car

No one there was friendly.
The guy that helped when I drove up up sold me to the 50$ package... an hour later and a $10 tip later there is still grime patches all over my rims, the rear view side mirrors still have water spots on the upper half and the interior is all streaky... won't be back

Had my car washed here on July 1, 2014.
Paid for ultimate car wash, very poor job.
Broke outside driver's mirror.
They refuse to take resonsibility for damage.
Poor customer service on management's part.
Will never go there again.
Hope this review helps other consumers.
If I could rate this business in a negative number, I would do so.

