Michael and I have been coming here for a few years now to get our teeth cleaned and 'my' cavities filled.
They always remind me what perfect teeth Michael has:).
I have also had a crown put on one of my teeth and they did a great job.
They are very professional and warm caring dentists who made me feel comfortable.
I would definitely recommend them if you are in the area and in the market for a new dentist.

After getting hit in the mouth by a crackhead downtown, I went to the web trying to find a dentist to perform emergency repair and reseat my 2 front teeth.
I thought I was going to lose them.
I found DaVinci  Dental, and was lucky enough to reach them by the emergency cell phone number - and both came into the clinic late on a Saturday afternoon.
I still have the teeth.
Great service, competent and  friendly dentists

Terrible experience here.
First, I was stabbed in the gum with the sonic cleaner device when the dentist wedged it between my tooth and gum.
I literally yelped in pain.
Then the dentist spent the rest of the appointment telling me how much additional work I need (as if I am letting her anywhere near my mouth again) and surprise they already checked to see that my insurance will pay for it...I'm going back to my old Dentist.

Both Bryan and Rachel are very welcoming and hands on with all their clientele.
You're greeted by Nancy at the front desk who is on top of everything.
I have never been happier with my dentist(s) and have referred many people to them and they too report being very happy.
You can't go wrong with Davinci Dental...
I guarantee it!

I always get excellent care here.
Its never hard to get an appointment and the staff is always friendly and professional.
I have been to both Rachel and Bryan and they have both been very caring.
I used to hate going to the dentist now I don't mind at all.

The most honest dentists in Arizona;  I've been going to them for years.
They will tell you if you do not need work (unlike other dentists) or give you options.
They don't believe in the price gouging of many other offices, so they keep their prices as low as possible.
When I was in college years ago, I  made an appointment with a new dentist for a cleaning - who told me I needed $4,000 in work (might as well have been $1,000,000 at that time).
The finance person sat by my reclined chair and asked questions while my mouth drooled into a blue paper cloth.
I didn't buy their sales pitch.
Over the next few years, I experienced several other dentists with the same used car sales attitude toward my oral health.
Do dentists have to take a class on up-selling to get DDS or DMD?
Davinci Dental was finally a breath of fresh air.
They told me the truth (e.g.
gums slightly receded, but no periodontal surgery necessary; just floss and rinse regularly).
Rachel and Brian are a married dental couple and Nancy has been with them for years.
They truly care about their patients who become part of their family.
Now damn it, they aren't part of my insurance, but I'm considering paying cash just to use them..

I found this dentist last year and fell in love with them right away.
Twice now I've broken a tooth, they were able to get me in right away to fix it.
The first tooth was over a holiday weekend, but Rachael saw me anyway.
Today's visit I was in and out in 30 minutes.
All this without an appointment.
They are my dentists no matter I live in the valley.

Never was able to find out if they were any good.
I called to make a Saturday appointment- They don't take New patients on Sat.
I only wanted Sat so I don't have to take off work.
So I'll set up with a different Dentist.
Arrivederci Davinci!
I could not come into the business without taking a day off work, but I can pass on my  experience (phone and scheduling) on yelp.
Even if you no longer do any Saturday appointments.

Drs.
Rachael and Bryan are friendly and professional.
We've been going to them for several years.
They never try to push you into things you don't need like many other profit driven dentists.
No dental hygenists or assistants needed.
They do it all.
Their offices are clean and modern and centrally located.
Nancy the receptionist is a delight.
Don't have to wait long for appts.
No Saturday hours, though.

Da Vinci Dental is the greatist.
I used to hate going to the dentist, but now, it's no big deal.
Dr. Rachel is the best dentist, ever!
She is very skilled and .
She once did a cleaning and a filling for me in 17 minutes with no Novacain, no pain!
Now that's a great dentist.
I found them by accident on what must have been my luck day.
Nancy at the front desk is the nicest person you will ever meet.

Last Friday I took my Dad to see Dr. Bryan for a check up and a cleaning.
Nancy the receptionist was so sweet and was able to coordinate with our schedule.
I was glad to be referred to Dr. Bryan he was very nice and was thorough when he explained my Dad's treatment to me.
They truly are a great dental office!

Phenomenal dentists!
I went too Da Vinci Dental Group because I needed a second opinion after a different dental office wanted to do massive work and give me massive bills, because I had massive insurance coverage.
DR Bryan, told me what I didn't need told me I did not have the problems I thought I did, that I Didn't  need the work I was told and sent me on my way.
I've used them from that point on and refereed as many people as I can too them.

I needed a bridge and Da Vinci was one of the dentist on my insurance plan.
The bridge sits too far up and is so thick it doesn't look natural.

I used them for a bridge.
The bridge doesn't fit right and is too thick.
Other dentist have commented about the bridge and said it was a poor job, but they really didn't want to get into bashing another dentist.
It has changed the way I speak, my smile and has made me very self conscious about it.

I don't know many people who love to go to the dentist, but I have found an office that feels right.
The Phoenix market is saturated with dental offices and years ago I was the victim of one who actually cracked my tooth during a routine filling.
The primary dentist in that office actually gave me a crown on the house as the 'dentist' had recently been fired from his practice!
Needless to say, I was leery of dentists ever since.
Anyway, the Da Vinci husband & wife team are honest and caring.
I am so relieved to finally find an office that is both reasonably priced and trustworthy!
The receptionist is wonderful as well.

