I'm a fan of Chick-fl-a.
They're good (better than McDonalds), cheap, and friendly.
Be sure to tell them 'thank you' at the end of an order.
I'm willing to bet they'll answer with a friendly, "My pleasure".
(Try to see what happens at the McDonalds up the street if you try this!
)  If you dine inside at this location, they have an enclosed play area for the kids.
If you come for lunch at this location come before 11:00am or after 1:00pm -- ESPECIALLY if you plan on using the drive through.
They have quite a congestion problem in the drive-through at lunch.

Heard people talking about this place, we saw it on our way driving back to the hotel, made a hard right and into the drive thru.
We were looking for a quick bite and came away surprised and impressed.
Chicken was very flavorful and tender, the waffle fries were excellent, and reasonably priced.

The Best Chicken sandwiches I have ever had!

Coming from Atlanta where Chick-Fil-A is almost as popular as Waffle House, I have to admit, I'm a fan... but the main reason I like Chick-Fil-A?
Their diet lemonade!
I'm not kidding - I go to this location quite often, utilize their drive thru window, and order my large diet lemonade with light ice... the tart flavor on a hot afternoon is so refreshing!
I like that they offer fresh fruit as well, and I admit that I've had their ice cream cones on several occasions too...

I only have a funny story to tell about this place.
Actually about the name.
I'm from MI and we don't have Chic-Fil-A.
So, I'm driving along one day shortly after moving to AZ, and I pass my first ever Chic-Fil-A.
As as I glanced at this hyphenated,  almost-cursive written brand name, I said out loud "Chica Flicka!?
What  kinda place is that?
" I even went so far as to call a friend from here and asked...."Tracy, what the hell is Chicka-Flicka"?
" After being dumbfounded for a minute, she figured it out and said "NO silly, its Chic-Fil-A"!!
To date, I still call it Chica-Flicka cuz its sooooo much more funny to say!!!
Oh, and as fast food goes, its pretty good!
I never eat fast food, so I don't really know how to rate!
:-)

consistant,delicious, addicting, and cheap.
How can you not go to the place where the chicken sandwich was invented.
(atleast that's what they claim) No matter what chick-fil-A you go to in any state it is always delicous.
Try not to go on a Saturday afternoon it will be swamped with kids.unless you like kids running all around you when you are trying to eat.

It is seriously all about the diet lemonade.
I have purchased gallons for my house, it is that addicting and delicious!
At first the cashiers would give me strange looks, but now they accept and embrace me!

This was on my boyfriend's top 3 fast food places.
I saw they had 1 in AZ and I knew we had to come.
I was impressed because it's different from your typical burger & fries type of joint.
They have a variety of about 5 milkshakes which were thick & creamy.
I opted for the classic chicken sandwich which was really good - bun, fried chx fillet, and pickles.
They also serve breakfast burritos, and chx biscuits.
The place was really clean and not grungy or run down.
I wish they had locations in the bay area.

Yay!
I'm a fan.
Four stars.
I don't think the location listed is actually the spot, it seems more to the north.
I fell in love with Chick-Fil-A while going to ASU and living in the MU.
My Maroon and Gold card got burnt up at the CFA there, and ever since I'll get in the mood for a run.
This spot is off the 101 Loop, and when headed that way it makes it tough to pass by without swinging in the drive-thru.
I just get the basic chicken sandwich.
I don't care much for the extra stuff on the menu.
This is kind of like the In-N-Out of chicken, for me....No Animal style, etc, that I am aware of though.

This place has good fast food, it's always clean, and the staff is super nice.
SUPER nice.
My kids love the play area and it's a lot cleaner than any other fast food play area for sure.
We love this place.

This chick fil a is awesome!!!
The food is always cooked how it should, everyone is nice to you, and the restaurant is always super clean.

Had to find that "fast food" meal and this was a perfect choice for this Cali fam to try.
My kids said this is "real" chicken sandwiches.
Of course they eat at Mc D's alot.
Not only that, the manager came by and checked on us and re ~filled or drinks personally.
Now thats service for a fast food place.
We were out in 30 minutes and happy to leave Arizona satisfied in or tummies.
Can't wait til Chick Fil a comes to Norcal!

This is a nice location for "Chick-fil-a" because of the lack of other fast food selections in the area.
You do have Jimmy Johns, Luke's of Chicago and Paradise nearby, but this is the only dedicated chicken option available and the others are more sitdown and  not necessarily fast.
The folks behind the counter are always very nice and helpful; but the real reason to come here is the chicken which is outstanding!
The variety of their sandwiches are good and tasty.
In other areas where we have lived in the past, there was no Chick-fil-a, just KFC.
So, we were very pleased and pleasantly surprise to find them.
The food is great!
So in summary, we really enjoy coming here for a different lunch & dinner option when we feel like anything BUT hamburgers and we want really good chicken!
Enjoy!

I love Chick-Fil-A and was so happy to find one so close to where I live in north Scottsdale!!!
I go to this Chick-Fil-A often and have never been disappointed!
I always get an 8 count and a large fry, sometimes a chocolate shake if I'm not counting calories that day :)  Their nuggets are delicious and they offer every kind of dipping sauce you could think of.
They serve waffle fries, which if you ask me there are no better fast food fries out there!!!
And their shakes are amazing!
So rich and creamy just wish they were guilt free!!
I like keeping my hands cleans and appreciate the abundance of sanitizers throughout the shop!
The staff is always so friendly and courteous and are willing to go the extra mile to make their customers happy.
If you are in the north Scottsdale area and looking for quality quick chicken definitely check this place out, you will not be disappointed!!

Every time I think about going to Chick-fil-a it's on Sunday, when they're closed.
Luckily, I remembered during a weekday and stopped by this location to grab a quick bite.
I ordered a Spicy Chicken Sandwich.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ixu0ou1_5mpEZbBtYXW_LA?select=XvtKTpwpPdn7b-mO4FxdEQ Chicken Nuggets http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ixu0ou1_5mpEZbBtYXW_LA?select=CJUe-tVSDhnjcuoYC85QuA Criss-Cut Fries http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ixu0ou1_5mpEZbBtYXW_LA?select=Bx-adopXm9SlJ86WdXvNaA  The Spicy Chicken Sandwich was just OK....nothing special.
The Chicken Nuggets were just OK too....but the Criss-Cut Fries were pretty good, above average.
I left full, but not satisfied....hence the 3 Stars.
Return Factor - 60%

What's not to love about Chick-Fil-A?
The original chicken sandwich and waffle fries is the best combo and compared to other fast food options, its not terribly horrible for you.
But,if you are really trying to be good, the grilled chicken sandwich is good.
You can ask for no butter on the bun and order a side salad.
If you really want to be bad, they have yummy brownies and ice cream.
Also, the people who work at Chick Fil A are so nice and friendly!
They always say, "my pleasure" instead of "your welcome.
" See for yourself!
They will refill your drink and clear your table and ask you you're doing.
Its like fast food with sit down style courtesy.
We all complain that Chick Fil A is closed on Sundays, but I like it because it makes the other 6 days  that you can go to Chick Fil A even more special!
Haha!

For fast food chain this is as good as it gets.
Of course, I always crave it on Sunday when they are closed...
Stick with the basic chicken sandwich and cross cut fries.

The Good - Feed a family of 4 for $20 (sans sodas).
The Bad - Sodas are behind the counter so asking for a refill is a drag and not worth purchasing a soda.
The Ugly - Closed Sunday.

I'm not interested in writing a review on the food.
If you don't know what a Chick-Fil-A has, or if you don't know about the quality of this fine chain, then go read my other reviews under the list "Chick Fil A".
This one stands out from all the others.
I've dined in once and it was a great experience, but the team that works at the Drive Thru window gets a five star review from me.
Sometimes, I get to the window and my food isn't ready, but the attendant is always so cheery, friendly and kind.
They politely ask me to park my car in the lot, and then when my food is ready, they bring it out to me.
Once, I waited a few minutes, and to thank me for my patience, they brought out a small Coke for me.
Even though, I typically drink diet, I am very appreciative of the kind gesture.
This location really cares about their customers having a great experience.
Kudos Chick Fil A on 87th street!

Love this place!
The staff always seems to be polite and considerate.
Food is awesome!
I saw that someone posted "The Ugly - Closed Sunday.
"  I always respected CFA for not being opened on Sundays.
It's a well sought-after day off in hospitality and gives their employees a chance to relax on a special day of the week with their friends and family.
Maybe that's why the customer service is so good?
Just saying...

Quick

Chick-Fil-A has my most favorist (it's a word) fries!
I love the waffle fries they serve...yum!
Chick-Fil-A has bar none the best service of any fast food chain that I know of!
They serve the food to your table, they will come clean up your sloppy mess after your meal, and even offer to get you a drink refill!
I love the chicken sandwiches.
Another hidden gem is the "handspun" milkshakes...
SO GOOD!
I wish they were open on Sundays.

My doctor says I need more fiber in my diet, she says it's nature's broom.
I say my diet is just fine, relying on the more traditional staples, such as pink snowballs, fritos, and beer.
I tell her it's not not exactly nature's broom, but it is janitorial in a sense, almost like a mop and bucket.
But the 'roids need to go or else there'll be an operation she says...one nvolving hot pokers and way too much probing for my liking.
This is where CFA comes in handy.
They have a cole-slaw that's to die for, one guaranteed to promote a healthy colon, or at best, keep my proctologist's hands (and hot intruments) away from my precious bum, which has yet to break it's maiden with a hot poker or inquisitive finger.
So if you like cole slaw, and your doctor orders you to eat fiber, this is the answer to your... prayers?
You'll be crapping like a sick barnyard animal in no time.
Go CFA cole slaw!!!
Woo Woo, [fist pump]

Excellent and energetic customer service.
Food is great.
At first I thought having a pickle on my chicken sandwich was disgusting.
Then I tried it and it tastes great.

Fantastic service.
The employees are always very attentive.
All sandwiches and nuggets are perfect.
Hard to find better fried chicken.

Horrendous!
Having been in Arizona for 7-months I thought it was time to try Chick fil A. I ordered the Charbroiled Chicken sandwich and Chick fil A Waffle Fries.
The order took about 2-minutes to arrive - which concerned me immediately because I ordered my sandwich without lettuce.
I got to my table, opened the sandwich box and as soon as I touched the bun I could feel the moisture of it being in a microwave.
I lifted the bun to expose 2 hideous looking slices of tomato, and a sickly looking piece of chicken.
Okay, I'm at a fast food restaurant, and I'm not expecting a gourmet meal.
I bite into the sandwich and it has all the taste of a piece of chicken that was made last night and then tossed into the microwave the next day.
I took 3 bites and I was done.
Moving to those things they call waffle fries... no taste whatsoever.
Ate about 7 of them.
My entire dining experience took less than 9-minutes inside Chick fil A and I will NEVER EVER try it again.
I should have throw $7 in the trash.

Yes, I went to support this business.
Had never tried one before.
We were pleasantly surprised.
Probably the best fast food I've had.
Clean facility, English speaking employees, and a very decent meal for the price.
We will go back.

Great service, consistent, and never disappointing.
You can't get that from any other "fast food" restaurant.

The best chicken and pretty healthy I've ever had!
Service is the bomb!
I respect a Christian company that stands up for God!

This has become our go to place for fast food.
Beats the heck out of any burger place and the employees are great.

Great service!

Las Vegas is Chick-Fil-A deficient.
It was guaranteed that when we visited Phoenix that we were going to catch Chick-Fil-A's act.
When we had to park in the adjacent shopping center because the parking lot was full, it was an omen that we were going to eat in a four star fast food restaurant.
Chick-Fil-A is a four star restaurant specializing in everything chicken.
Their chicken nuggets and chicken sandwiches are at the top of the fast food chicken totem pole.
Unlike many McDonald's you can serve yourself to the chicken sauces.
There is none of that "25 cents for a third sauce" stuff.
It is not just the chicken.
Chick-Fil-A also serves delicious waffle fries.
Leaving Chick-Fil-A, the same thought hit me when I left their Chicago location, "Why don't they open a restaurant in Las Vegas?

We love this place!
The spicy chicken sandwich is the best!

Let me start by saying that I don't go to fast food restaurants.
Like, at all.
This is purely the effect of my current San Francisco metropolitan lifestyle, as cliche as that may be.
However, a few coworkers insisted that I at least try this fine establishment.
So to cross an item off my fast-food bucket list, I caved.
(Still haven't been to Wendy's and Jack-in-the-Box, fingers crossed...).
The food was exactly as you'd expect, a giant menu of chicken--fried and grilled and every way you can imagine.
That is a positive thing though, because I'm usually underwhelmed by the quality of fast food when compared to their own pictures on the menu.
Brownie points for the great service (I'm told they have to say "my pleasure" when thanked for their service) and the fact that they use all-breast meat and peanut oil to make their nuggety deliciousness.
Chick-Fil-A might just be one of the few fast food restaurants that deserve a 4+ rating.
-----  Distinguishing factor: A genuine fast food joint that is truer to their image than their counterparts.

Clean, great food, and a great family restaurant.
I like to go as an adult, but I can take my niece and nephew for a day as well.

Not quite as good as the other one on Mayo, but still very deserving of the 4 stars - I'd rate it 4.5 if I could.
The only difference here was no one cleared our table and no offers for refills.
However, they did give me an extra Diet Dr. Pepper!
Place was clean throughout, staff was friendly and welcomed us to the place!
I haven't ever had bad Chick-Fil-A no matter where I go!

Love the chicken sandwich.
Always hot and tasty!

CHICK-FIL-A IS AWESOME.
I absolutely love this place.
The food is awesome and my quote for you is "eat mor chicken"

Love Chic Fil A & love this location.
Food is always great, the staff are super friendly & my daughter loves meeting her friends here to eat & play.
The waffle fries are a huge hit with everyone & I think it is awesome they give out balloons to the children .... the only possible way to entice them away from the play area & home!
My favorite menu item is the chicken wrap dipped in their delicious spicy sauce : )

I like chick fil a.
It's always tasty!
But the reason I'm giving this chick fil 5 starts, it's because of the people that work here!
Not ONCE have I walked into this one and come across a person unhappy!!!
Last night when I went through the drive thru everybody was sooooooooooooooo happy and made my night!
Thank you all for being amazing & awesome!
The people that work here are why I will keep coming back to this location!

Chick fil a is a great spot for a freshly made, quickly served chicken lunch or dinner.
Although not a fan of the standard chicken, the spicy chicken items are the best around.
Waffle fries are always great, and the buffalo sauce would suit me in a cup with a straw.
Amazing sauce!

I don't really get all the hype over this place.I do like that their chicken is real.
I only go here because my little toddler buddy pretty much only eats ketchup with a side of french fries and chicken nuggets.
Other then that, I think their items are very salty.
The staff here is great and efficient.
I was here during the lunch rush and the place was very clean and well stocked in the condiments zone.

I love me some chick-fil-a.
Their waffle fries are the bomb and their chicken sandwiches are so delicious and juicy.
I love their Polynesian sauce on top of everything!
I also love their great customer service.
They seem genuinely happy to work there.

One of the best fast foods out there.

Best place to eat in Raintree shopping center!
Excellent service-- smiling and happy people.
When you eat in, they take your trays and ask you if you need a refill.
Fast drive thru-- awesome market salad!

Love their waffle fries, it's the only reason I go there often.
Yummy food and great service.
Can't go wrong.

I love this place.
I have been going here since I was a kid back in Ohio.
Everything is good on the menu.
I wish they could come up with a way to keep the waffle fries warm longer.
:-) People are always nice there who serve you.
ALWAYS.
It's most weird.
But nonetheless appreciated.
Which it was open on Sundays, but that's the Southern Baptist culture, and again, respected.
Glad they are popping up everywhere.

Food is always excellent and they have the best honey mustard!
I really loved the waffle potato fries, so basically they are not as cheap as most of the fast food around here, but the price worth it.
the employees are always so friendly.
clean and yummy!
love the lemonade too!

Had the cool wrap.
Tasted good for fast food.
While I was eating, I looked up the ingredients and nutrition.
Whatever happened to just plain food?
There are so many additives in the wrap.
Because of this, I would come back very seldom.
Unfortunately, this chain purports to be healthy food.
I encourage anyone who eats here to check the ingredients in their choices before ordering.

The worst customer service.
Very unorganized at the cash register.
Waited over 15 minutes for food.
The employees socialize with customers rather than provide service.
Never coming here again when I can drive up the road and be served the correct way.

Best chicken around!
So fresh and flavorful!
and the customer service is OUTSTANDING!

This location has fantastic customer service!
I just stopped by to pick up a large office order and they had my order ready to go in about 10 minutes!
Over the phone, the gentleman took my order and labeled all the peoples name and bagged them separately which made it very convenient.
When I got to the restaurant I was greeted kindly and talked to an employee who was extremely nice.
Thank you for the outstanding service Chick-Fil-A!

Standard food as with all locations.
It was the service that ruined it when the order taker became so frustrated by me not wanting the drink that came with the kids meal.
He was flustered and rude like I was inconveniencing him because we had our own water.
It's 110 degrees out.
Anyway, at least it was clean and the food filled us up.

