Great service last Thursday when I was holiday shopping.
The shoes I wanted were not in stock but they offered to mail them to me free of charge.
They said they couldn't guarantee they would arrive by Christmas but Friday evening at 6pm there was a knock at my door and they were delivered!
Amazing!

Earlier this week my two year old daughter and I had visited Aldo in Paradise Valley Mall in Phoenix AZ.
At two she is already has a love for shoes...as we pop into Aldo the Sales Clerk Jenelle I believe, did not acknowledge that we had enter and/or acknowledge us browsing, she just remain at the cash register immobile.
After a once over and to due to the lack of customer service I motion my daughter to the door, which took a bit of time since she was doing a little jig to the music that was playing overhead.
I turned to show her that it was time to leave as I was about to exit I paused just to see if she was following and she was.
Yet she had slipped causing her to lose her footing while she was still in Aldo...I saw her fall (proverbial slow motion).
The left side of her head hit with such considerable force against the truly sharp edges of Aldo's display shelf had split the outer part of my daughter's left ear, which would require her to receive four or more stitches as well as lacerating her neck.
Seeing all that the blood as well the pain my two year daughter was intensely vocalizing.
I immediately scoop her up as I quickly...well ran out of Aldo's.
STILL Jenelle was at the cash register unmoved and unmindful of what had just happen.
I paused  and I headed into back into Aldo's to talk to Jenelle of Aldo's incident policy.
She was all deer in headlights, finally the slow clap of recognition register in eyes.
Once she had realized she began to verbally fumble and she clearly she did not know of the incident policy so I left my number for management to call.
After twenty four hours not contact from Aldo's management.
I revisited Aldo to follow-up and I was surprise to see their store unman.
I wait for five or more minutes until Mitch the store manager had appear from the back-room.
I introduce myself and rehash the incident that had occurred the night prior.
At first Mitch eyes reflected that he had no prior knowing of the incident until he had seen Jennelle's report.
Mitch had advised Jenelle's Incident Report was forwarded to corporate and they will be the ones to get in contact with me.
Due to Aldo being base in Canada is the reason on why I have yet to receive a call yet.
Mitch also had let me know that Jenelle was a month old employee.
In all of Mitch's advisement I left shaking my head and thought "Really, no apology?
" hmmm?
So here I am are now almost forty eight hours later and no contact from Aldo...I am DUMBFOUNDED by their  Slipshod behavior Lack of compassion dare I say humanity to a toddler The deficient Management Lack of acknowledgments  WOW!

After a week of unresponsiveness from Aldo's management team, I had finally received a callback (this was more than likely due to a uumm nudge via social media) from Tricia the Regional Manager and Kyle the Sales Regional Manager.
They wanted to hear of the incident, which I had recalled to both of them in detail.
Once they were both up to speed both were sincerely empathic to the incident and honestly apologetic, which I truly appreciated.
They had express that their employees at Aldos will receive a refresher in handling emergencies with the procedures and contact information ready available...If memory serves correctly also empathy will be address.
My one wee bit of disappointment is Tricia did drop the ball and had not follow-up with me after saying she would...even after an e-mail that I had sent requesting an update.
I understand that it may due to be a plethora reasons, mainly legal or?
SO despite that infinitesimal hiccup...it was clearly evident that they both had done their due diligences since I received a callback from their insurance carrier who had advise me of what can and can not be done.
As well as what in addition too was I looking from Aldos to do...my only request is that all Aldo Stores to add....  Bumper guards on the edges of their display shelves at peanut height and below to protect kiddos and hopefully prevent similar incidents from happening as it happen to G.  All in all at this time I please with the resolution suggested by Aldos and it is my hope that this all was not just "all talk" and earnestly take action by taking my suggestion to heart add those bumper guards.

Always get great customer service here!
If you ever go here just ask for Janelle or Mitch.
They both are amazing.
So nice and helpful!
As long as they work there I will be shopping there.

