This has been my go to T-Mobile location since moving to Arizona.
It is a "real" T-Mobile store unlike all the "T-Mobile Light" stores that have popped up over the last year.
They aren't worth bothering with because they can't do many of the things that a "real" store can, they are pretty much just authorized resellers operating under the T-Mobile marquee.
I always seem to get waited on fairly promptly even when they are slammed and the staff is pretty good at multitasking.
They have provided in-store tech support on several occasions and got my phone warranty replacement underway in short order.

The customer service here could be 100% better but then again not much around here is anywhere near the greatness of texas customer service!!
Was not greeted when walking in and waiting for about 25 minutes!

A couple days ago my sister's phone died.
We were out and about and headed straight for a TMoble store that she knew of.
Since I have TMobile too, I took advantage of the stop and addressed an issue with my phone that had been annoying me for months (but it wasn't keeping me from using it so I kept putting off the trip).
A technician named Vince looked at my phone and within about two minutes had the problem fixed.
In the next couple minutes we addressed another question I had and ended up learning some very valuable things about my phone.
He was great and I was very happy.
My sister and her husband were also very satisfied with the service in the store.
It's too bad they ended up highly frustrated by the so-called customer service that they were forced to deal with TMobile's over seas telephone technicians.
The result was them nearly dropping TMobile all together.
The moral of this story is if you can get anything done at the store, do it at the store.

Always great service with any of my tmobile issues.

I went into this particular store because of the location, and because it is a corporate store versus an authorized reseller.
I had some technical issues with my phone that needed to be addressed as I use it for business.
I walked in the door, and I didn't mind waiting a little bit but 45 MINUTES was over my limit and  I was really having a hard time not losing my patience and walking out of the store.
However, I went there with a problem that needed to be addressed NOW so I didn't have much of a choice.
Once it was my turn, the young lady who assisted me was very apologetic about the wait time and did NOT rush me in answering questions or ordering me a new phone.
As a matter of fact,  I was told that because it was after a certain time, I would get my new phone on Thursday, so I was pleasantly surprised when it came in the mail today (a day earlier then anticipated).
If there happens to be someone in management viewing these reviews, please schedule more staff in the evenings, These two girls working were SLAMMED and STRESSED because of the volume of customers and you lost customers because they walked out because of the time, not because the staff wasn't doing their job.

Well, I broke my Galaxy SIII which I purchased from Costco along with the SquareTrade warrenty.
SquareTrade didnt have any SIII's in stock so they sent me a check to purchase the phone outright in which I had to go into a corporate store.
So I go in to buy it... mind you I have 5 lines.
The guy tells me that if I migrate two of the lines I had that were still on contract ($400 total), that my bill would drop $100/mo.
Also, I would have to pay in full for my new phone.
That was fine.
I had to pay $180 that day and the bill would be $20/mo more.
I would still be saving $80/mo.
I paid $550 that day.... well I got my bill and its $690.
I took it into the store and the sales guy said it would be adjusted.... another bill came.
NOT ADJUSTED.
So I called and apparently what he wrote on the paper to demonstrate my payments was WRONG!
DONT LET THEM SWINDLE YOU!!!!!!
I now have to pay that in full by tomorrow or my 5 lies will be shut off.
I am no longer under contract... been a loyal T-Moile customer for 10 years...
I think its about time I switch.

Tmobiles billing is a joke.
Monthly bill is never correct.
You need to record everything you are promised and told because it will never reflect in your bill

HUGO is a complete idiot.
They have a $35 plan which he knew nothing about, had to call his manager then instead of listening to what I wanted proceeded to talk his way right out of a customer.
Prior to that he told me my phone was broken because the battery was dead, I charged it and he was astonished that it worked.
He then told me it wasn't comparable With TMobiles system.
It's a Tmobile phone but sure you idiot, you don't even know how to charge it let alone what's comparable with what!
Idiot.
My advice?
Use another store or carrier all together.
As for you Tim the manager??
FIRE HUGO, as I said...
He's an idiot.

