This "college" is a scam!
Answer this, what school in the history of education, especially a small non national acredited community college makes their students pay for school while pursuing their degree?
Everest!
That's who!
Don't ever enroll in to this school or you'll be caught up in the same web of scams as I am currently dealing with right now.
All the financial advisors who are "there to help you" makes commission on all the students they enroll into this school.
So the little "we care about your dreams and goals" speech they give you during you're orientation is BS!!!
I was told I wasn't going to pay on my student loans until 6 months after I graduate.
Which would be awesome because I'm studying Paralegal and figured once I obtain my degree I wouldn't have a problem paying off my student loans.
A year and a half later I get the news that I have to start paying towards my student loan or incur interest starting in December 2011.
Remind you, I don't graduate until September 2012 so I haven't received my degree yet but I'm suppose to pay on something I don't even own?
GTFOH!!!!
THIS SCHOOL IS A SCAM AND IF YOU FEEL YOU'RE BEING JOOPED, CALL A LAWYER NOW!!!!
I know I have already

Lack of communications between students and admin staff, not teachers, but the downstairs reception people.
They give out wrong information about what your potential salaries are.
And from one student from the nursing area, they can't place any students a job after they are finish with the program.
Also shows lack of respect to students from administration, other students in other programs, and corporate staff.

I think this school is pretty awesome actually.
I haven't had any problems yet and the instructors are extremely knowledgeable and very good in their fields (I can't say much about the Gen Ed courses though)  I also can't say anything about the financial part because I'm using my GI Bill but the books are slightly expensive (again, not the schools fault)  The only reason I didn't give it 5 is because all the students that smoke right outside the doors and that's really annoying so I think the school could do something about that  Overall, great experience with a lot of challenging courses

