You will be sorry if you choose to do business with them, THEY ARE THE WORST SCUMS IN THE WORLD!!!
I do really mean it.
They withheld my $12,000.00 deposit after my offer on a shortsale deal was rejected.
Office manager Shannett Rivas lied to me, emailed me said my money was sent out but never did!
the owner Dale Snyder told me that its up to the seller to refund my money while Shannett said it was sent out.
They are bunch of liars!
I now have to hire an attorney to take them to court.

I have been renting a home from Remax Central for years.
I deal with Janice and Rick CoField.
They have always been great property managers.
Always friendly and always understanding.
Ever year that I have resigned my lease they make it easy.
And finding me the perfect place for us, well they made it even easier.
I'm so pleased with their services.
Everyone is always so nice there.

This company Remax Central on 8400 W Sahara Ave. are thieves we had money orders stolen from inside their office.
We received no help in recouping our money.
They took 90% of the security deposit without giving us a list of dollar amounts of charges that were deducted.
The description of items that was listed to be repair were erroneous.
They are unethically treating there tenant unfairly.
Do not rent from them or do business with them.

Rick & Janice are terrible representatives and I couldn't be happier that my property was sold to another company.
I was moved into a unit for a decent price in a terrible neighborhood while watching them refinish and upgrade the units around me.
In the first month that I had lived there, I had Janice and a plumber come into my unit, without my approval and get my floor covered in sh*t water.
Literally.
They used MY towel to clean up the mess when trying to fix my toilet...
They had a plumber go into my "backyard", which was just a run behind the unit, and snake the drain.
It was covered in baby wipes from at least 6 months ago, according to the plumber.
So, there were/are shty baby wipes right behind my unit that they don't care to clean up.
I have a light in my unit that won't light up and I had told them about it, but they still haven't fixed it.
I had a construction worker on my roof at 8 am without letting my know, whatsoever.
I live next to a drug dealer, told them about it, and they took a blind eye because they just wanted their money and couldn't find any other tenants because they let the place go to hell.
I saw pictures of how it looked before they bought it, and the units were actually nice and there were no weeds.
Now there is a drug dealer with an annoying chihuahua running the place with their "clients" coming in and out all of the  They were bullies and I am so glad that the new company has recently taken over my property.
I will definitely hold resentment towards Remax and Rick and Janice Cofield.
They act like children, hang up on their tenants, and allow people into your unit without your approval.
If you want to be bullied around in a place that YOU pay for, definitely use these guys.
They rocked my socks -_-

Derek Delp is the man to see when you visit this office.
When I moved to Las Vegas, I was leasing a condo.
But when my mom move here, she wanted to lease a place instead of purchase a home.
I called Derek after a great recommendation from someone who had dealings with him before.
I asked him to help me find a lease property for my mom, not realizing it paid him almost nothing to do that for me.
Even so, he did an exhaustive search for her and he took me to see every property I asked about.
He found her a perfect place and she loves it, all thanks to Derek.
When my condo lease was coming to an end, I wanted to purchase a home.
I called Derek to help.
It just so happens when I was beginning my search for a home, the real estate market was booming.
Houses were being purchased and sold after one day on the market.
Derek worked tirelessly to find a home for me in a very difficult market.
He helped me in so many ways.
He must have shown me over 20 homes, wrote offers on many of them, but cash buyers kept getting the homes.
Derek was not discouraged and he kept my sprits up.
He thought outside the box and found me a model home to buy.
He was there thru it all.
He kept encouraging me when I was discouraged.
And he finally got the perfect house for us.
Derek is the best and I give him my highest recommendation!

