This spot was cool...Its like a lil 1 bedroom apt...It has 2 TV's (1 n the sitting/living area & 1 n the bedroom) wit HELLA channels...Lil table 2 eat on & a desk, wit free internet access...Say wut?
U heard me!
FREE internet!!!
Yup, yup...That's a bonus already...Full kitchen, with the stove/oven & a full fridge, not a lil 1...It had flatware/dishware setting for 2...Spot was cool...Its a 3 star, cuz if U don't answer housekeeping, like real, real FAST, they bust thru UR shit...Uh-huh!
Exactly wut I said...MAN!!!
Besides that, this is a lil hideway spot...

I don't recommend this place to anyone, with kids at the least.
It was very hard for me to find a 2 bedroom suite last minute, which brought me to this place.
This is an extended-stay type of hotel, equipped with a kitchen and utensils.
But I warn you, don't let the exterior fool you!
We stayed in a "re-modeled" room- whatever that means to them.
The furniture smell, the rug was not vacuumed before we checked-in AND the place was full of ants.
GROSS.
One star because they let me check in early  and they gave me a room across the pool.
Can't argue though.
You get what you paid for.

I stayed here twice when I traveled to Clark County to volunteer for get out the vote efforts for Obama this fall.
I roomed with a group of volunteers, and this place was great.
The suites were large, clean, and comfortable, and very affordable.
It's way off the strip, but close enough if you're going for that purpose.
I have to say that we had one issue with some shady fellows asking for money who were driving around the parking lot, but that was at 3 in the morning, nothing happened, and we felt safe inside the room.

Okay, I haven't lost my mind... this is not a 4 star hotel...
But I rate it 5 stars considering the bargain price I paid which was $67 for 2 premium nights, Friday and Saturday nights for a 2br/2ba suite.
It was this cheap because I used a $50 discount coupon I got from Expedia.com my online booking agent.
Also there was a special stay one night, get one night free.
With a roomie, this worked out to about $18/day for a room with free internet and kitchen.
It's unlikely I would stay here if it was just myself as it's not worth the time/effort to just cook for one person.
But the free internet is worth $12-18 per day which is about what I paid for the room!
There's barebones cookware but adequate.
Full size fridge, 4 burner gas stove and oven.
There's a coffee maker but no coffee is supplied.
It used the small Mr. Coffee round filters which I got lucky and brought some along that fit perfectly and I brought my own coffee/fixins.
Units are advertised to have dishwashers, but my unit didn't have one so I had to buy dw soap and scrubber at the 99 cent store down the street.
No biggie as I can use them at home.
Microwave in place.
There is NO food stuffs... No oil/salt/pepper/ketchup/etc but of course I brought everything I needed from home as I had planned to cook omelettes and home fry potatoes with bacon so no problem.
But, I've stayed at time share condos before and sometimes the bare essentials are in the unit, but I cannot deduct for none with today's lawsuit freaks out there these days.
Place settings for 4, actually about a 20 piece cook set.
No sharp chef's knife or veggie peeler but I of course figured that and brought from home... Yeah, I was a friggin Boy Scout... LOL  I deducted one star because it didn't have a dishwasher as advertised and the ft desk said the maid would wash our dirty dishes but that didn't happen.
Also, I requested more chairs for our poker game, but they didn't have any housekeeping staff to get us chairs.
The room was decent sized, 3 flat screens, the bedrooms were quite large but I wish the br's were a bit smaller so that the living space could have been bigger as I brought in a poker table so we could play a friendly game of poker.
I requested a non-smoking ground floor 2br suite close to parking and that's exactly what they gave me.
My car was 5 ft from my front door.
Ha!
Stay at one of the mega hotels and if you self park, you will spend 5-15 minutes walking to your car if you can find it.
Free coffee in the office, FREE hi-speed internet but bring a RJ45/Cat 5 cable.
However, my roommate was able to access free wifi as well, but we were about 30 ft from the registration office, so maybe we were lucky or there's free wifi in the office that is not advertised.I did bring my own wifi router and was able to successfully configure it so that I could use it in the suite.
I preferred it so that I could have better wifi security, but I did test out the existing wifi and it seemed to work fine on my laptop.
Location: I prefer staying off the strip so I actually consider it a plus.
Usually I stay Downtown on Fremont St. so I guess I'm a freak that I don't like staying on the Strip.
So be it.
I like saving the money, avoiding the horrific traffic and drunk drivers.
But I usually go to Vegas to play poker and will go to the various different casinos where I hear of a good cash game or well structured tournament.

For a suite, I thought it's kinda small, especially the bathroom and sink area.
Then again, the price was way cheap for the suite.
So can't complain.
Enough parking available and easy access from freeway.
Free internet access, but not WiFii.
They give you a cable wire to connect to your laptop so basically only one person can use the internet.
I guess you can bring your own router and wiifii their internet.
Kitchen come with cooking stuff and utensils.
But no dishwashing soap.
So you have to go grab your own.

i don't want to rate this place any lower than three stars because I just feel nice tonight.
So my visit was scheduled for the Electric Daisy Carnival weekend which made it a fight and competition for hotels around vegas so I got this place for cheaper costs.
It was 118 for two nights and i got a "suite" with two double beds(really small ones).
I was actually satisfied in terms of fulfilling my needs but there was one thing that wasn't there in my room.... a trash can.
Yes how random but I only noticed after I realized that I have a bunch of trash and had no place to throw it away.
Rooms were mediocre if not less in terms of quality.
I would only return if I'm looking to pay dirt cheap prices at a last minute event.

I was here from 8/17 to 8/22, for a business trip.
For a true suite, this was a good value.
The bathroom area was poorly designed, in that the bathroom door blocked the sink area when it was open.
A pocket door design would have been wiser.
There was a strong smell like a used cat litter box in the vicinity of my bathroom sink, the whole 5 days I was there,  On Friday, I had a "do not disturb" sign on my door until noon, because I work 3rd shift, and then called the front desk at noon, to ask for them to send housekeeping over.
They said they would do that.
When I returned to the room at 5 PM, housekeeping never visited.
I called the front desk, they said that housekeeping was gone for the day, and they would get it Saturday.
Saturday, I went hiking, and a considerable amount of sand fell out of my shoes onto the carpet, when I got back.
they failed to vacuum it up on Sunday's housekeeping visit.
On Thursday morning, I used one of the plates, and left it in the sink.
The front desk said that housekeeping would take care of dishes.
It was still there when I checked out on Monday.
I hear some suites had dishwashers, mine did not.
There was no dishwashing soap available, or scrubbies for cleaning used dishes.
Something was wrong with the bed.
If you sat at the end, so to put your shoes on, the bed would begin to teeter-totter.
Internet was available in the room, for free, but it was wired only, and you had to provide your own cable from your laptop to the connector in the wall.

Some friends decided to stay here because they were on a very tight budget and we could not afford to stay in the Las Vegas strip.
Upon arrival, the room that we were originally given was disgusting and looked as if someone was still living there.
After contacting the office, they apologized and corrected the situation.
The design of the suite is flawed in that the bathroom door blocks the sink when the door is open.
Additionally, the sheets seemed low and kinda cheap.
After realizing, that we were here to have fun in Vegas and this was just a place to sleep, things were kept into perspective.

I debated giving this place a 2 star because their prices are very cheap but the truth is, I would never want to lodge at this hotel again no matter what the price.
First of all, this is the first time I've ever stayed in Vegas but I really wasn't in Vegas...I was in Henderson =/ I've never driven pass the strip and so quickly see it fade away, I was sad.
Apparently my friend had stayed there before and liked the cost and the room but it was her first time in Vegas so obviously she had not been exposed to better hotels that have decent prices and are within a 2-3 mile radius of the excitement.
We checked in and within 2 minutes did a meet and greet with about 10 cockroaches...it was disgusting.
One even managed to crawl on my friends leg...which only indicated they have no fear and were probably going to cuddle up next to us in bed...NO THANK YOU!
None of the phones in the room worked so we had to walk to front desk and request another room.
They set us up in another tower on the third floor (no elevator) and that room had twice as less lighting as the previous room, a smaller dining table, and it smelled like piss...BUT not a roach in sight.
Just looking at the dingy furniture and bed spread made me want to wrap myself in a full body condom.
I guess the nice thing about these "suites" is that they come with a full kitchen and living room area but by no means is this place luxury so don't let the word 'Suite' fool you.
I guess if you are super cheap and don't mind the creepy crawly house guests then go ahead and try this place out but if you plan on taking a taxi to the strip then it's going to cost you which means that a closer hotel would probably be more economical in the long run...think about it.

It's been enjoyable one of the nicest hotels on Boulder Hwy not worth the price though!

My husband and I stayed here while traveling to Phoenix.
Buildings are nice, and parking is plentiful.
It is an extended stay hotel so there are some rooms that look like apartments overflowing with personal decorations.
It is very pet friendly as I saw nearly 10 people with dogs in the lawn.
My bigger concern was security.
The walls are paper thin, and I heard a domestic dispute in the room above me.
I called the front desk at 1 am to report loud commotion and screaming.
The man said he would send security, and I think he did because it stopped.
I had I call again at 7 am because it started for the second time.
The girl at the front desk seemed apathetic toward my call, an didn't offer security or anything.
I wouldn't recommend this place for a family with young children.
My husband and I are in our twenties, but I wouldn't feel safe with kids.

Decent extended stay hotel but no silverware or cookware which should be provided.
Cockroach was in the sink which freaked us out.
Not the greatest ventilation and really warm inside.
Took a while for the room to cool down.
Otherwise, spacious and liveable.
Just remember to bring your pots, pans, etc if you are living for a while here and want to use the stove and oven.

We got on priceline, entered $32.00 per night and got this hotel which also offers extended stays.
It was a little farther than we wanted and we were a little apprehensive having stayed at other extended stay locations but we gave it a try.
For the price, this place was  awesome.
We had a two bedroom suite, televisions in each room, kitchen with full size fridge, microwave, and all appliances.
Yes there were some issues with plumbing but they were minor.
We were a bit disappointed the maid never came to the room even though we were gone all day and the maid service sign was up.
Still, overall this place rocks for the price.
Might even try a lower price next time.

In the last year we've had 3 extended stays here in our 2 X 2 month holiday trips from 'downunder'.
Putting aside the incredibly good price, the sales and office staff are sensational, and so too are the facilities ......... We had a two bedroom suite, televisions in each room, kitchen with full size fridge and microwave.
We were a bit disappointed with the room cleaning attention, but the office staff 'picked up' the slack.
It is our view, you won't do better across America.

Sudo clean.
Kitchen they provide comes with no pots, pans or silverware which kinda defeats the purpose of having a kitchen in a hotel room.
So if u come bring ur own.
The bed is most uncomfortable thing ever....like sleeping on floor.
Was here for two weeks so went and purchased a 4 inch foam pad just to deal wit it.
Is stay else where...

don't waste your time in this terrible dump!
I stayed here for a few months for a local job and the company I work for found this place............I have 3 dogs and finding a short term rental with 3 dogs is ridiculously hard to do...........so I tolerated staying here.
It is not a safe place, weirdo's are out roaming at all times, if I didn't have my dogs with me I would not be safe (I have big dogs).
It is noisy with road traffic and loud obnoxious people that stay here.
The staff here are rude and useless.
I cleaned the suite myself and bought a vacuum as I couldn't get them to come and clean the room at a time that was convenient for me, after several tries, I gave up.
They refused to even lend me a vacuum- telling me something about cross contamination???
Just asking for clean linens is a hassle, and one snotty staff member was outright rude to me over providing clean linens so I was left one night with no bedspread or blanket.
Yes, there is a kitchen with an oven, etc.......The beds are horrible, I stayed in 2 different rooms and both mattresses are hard as rocks and the springs are sticking up through the mattress and poke into you.
The rugs are gross, filthy and dirty, and have never been cleaned.
The tubs have no stoppers here so if you want to take a bath, you have to go out and buy one yourself, which I did.
What else can I tell you?
This place is disgusting, don't give them any of your hard earned money- stay someplace else!!!
Oh- yes, the grounds and surrounding areas are filthy with trash littering everything and broken glass everywhere-------I mean everywhere- there is an empty lot across the street and it is like a dump with all the trash and broken glass.
Shameful.

Staff was very friendly.
Wi-Fi was offered at the lobby/office, and ethernet cable is available upon request if you have a laptop you wish to use in your room.
On the two days (President Day weekend) we checked in, the ethernet cables were all loaned out, but luckily our room was close enough to the office that I was able to connect through Wi-Fi.
Granted Wi-Fi signal wasn't strong, but hey, it beat Las Vegas strip's charged internet service.
Room was spacious, after all it's a suite.
We got the two king bed suite, so I couldn't be happier to have a king bed all to myself.
However, the mattress was longer than the bed frame, so please be careful when you try to sit by the edge.
Unsuspecting people like me almost had my sore ass slammed hard to the carpeted floor because of that!
There were three old TVs in the suite, one in the living room, one each in the bedroom.
i couldn't find the remote for my TV at first, but I had my trusty smartphone with me, so I didn't really want to watch anything anyway.
Right before we checked out and I was doing my last rounds around the suite to see if I've forgotten to pack anything, I found the TV remote lying under the bed.
The kitchen floor at a glance was clean, but as soon as I walked around the room abit on my barefoot, I noticed they had quickly gotten dirty, not to mention the dusty feeling my feet sensor was transmitting as I walked about the kitchen.
My suggestion: bring a pair of slippers, 'cuz you don't want to trudge around the place with showered feet but dirty smelly sweaty sneakers.
The suite offers a full kitchen, so yeah, there was a microwave, a fridge, an electric stove in the suite.
But guess what, no appliances!
No pots, no spoons, no nothing.
What's the point of providing a kitchen if there was no utensils to use the kitchen with?
From other reviews I read, I guess you can pay extra for the utensils or bring your own.
Luckily we ate out most of the time and only need the fridge and microwave to store drinks and reheat leftovers.
Our room was right across the pool, with all the kids it can get loud in the day.
But it was very quiet at night, so we were able to get good rest, which was all we cared about.
Overall a 3star experience because of the friendly staff.
If for the rooms along I'd give it a 2, maybe 2.5.
It wasn't as bad as I expected it to be after all the horrible yelp reviews, but I wouldn't be back to try my luck.

I'm giving this place 4 stars because it delivers what it supposed to...and nothing more.
First off, this place is in Henderson.
Not Vegas.
The Vegas strip is like 30 minutes away.
If you want to be in Vegas, stay in Vegas.
Not here.
Not Henderson.
What makes this place cool is that the staff is nice, it's cheap, clean, quiet, and basically an apartment.
You have a stove, full size refrigerator, living room, small kitchen table.
Nothing fancy but different than a typical hotel.
Another thing that I liked is that it's a easy task to check in compared to most large Vegas hotels where you might have to park a mile away from the front door and then walk another mile to the front desk and then another mile to your room.
None of that here.
I parked my car 50 feet away from my room door.
Nice.
Like I said, this place is in Henderson, and thats is cool if you know how to appreciate it.
My wife and I explored a few different Casinos that were within about 1.5 mile if this place and had a great time without breaking the bank.
We hung out at Jokers Wild up the street and learned to play craps on their $1 table.
Ate good BBQ and Steak and Lobster at Longhorn Casino for $10 and played $1 Roulette at Sam's Town.
Good times.
But yes, bring cookware if you want to cook.
Minus 1 star.

If you stay here... expect problems.
Management may tell you they will take care of something, and then do nothing about it.
Everything is always broken, and as one post mentioned more than a year ago, the fitness center has broken equipment which is dangerous, yet nothing has been done after notifying management.
The pool is nasty, if there are towels available they smell like an old wet dog, the workers are rude especially when you ask them to fix something thats broken like the phone, internet, door, whatever.
My bath and sink each took 30 minutes to drain.
There are insects crawling in the rooms.
There were murders here, cars stolen, room thefts, drug dealing, loud music.
If they only have a few rooms left, those have yellow walls from the smoke and the smell is horrendous, and dozens of their rooms are empty because the employees can't fix a dang thing being the slowest, dumbest and most inconsiderate people on earth.
Management needs to fire those employees, or maybe management needs to be replaced as well.

For being cheap what can I expect?
But being in a hotel establishment I would think they would consider any form of friendly customer service but thats clearly not their goal.
The price is $69.00 w/tax per night and if you didnt rent a car or didnt drive to Vegas with your own car its a $40 cab ride with tip one way, so to the strip and back to the Siena Suites thats $80.
Totaling $139.00/day.
You can find hotels on the strip around that price or a little more which I wouldnt mind considering there are no elevators for you travelers and tourists.
Also the room accommodations.
What a joke I feel like im back in the 90's in these rooms.

This is the WORST place you can stay at.
First of all the rooms reeked of cigarettes I couldn't even stomach it.
It's embedded in the carpet & sheets.
The people who stay here are rude and creepy.
You have to watch your back at all times.
The staff seems shady & there are no locks on the doors!!!
This is absolutely the worst place.
I would never stay here again, I'd rather sleep in my car!!

Of course its a extended stay hotel so if you are looking for luxury this is totally not it.
However I knew what I was getting myself into so I was fine with it.
For $200 bucks a week I had money to spare on my real vacation.
It is way off the strip so consider a rental car service.

For the price, under $70, this exceeded our expectations.
2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, one king bed and two doubles with a kitchen area.
Clean and odorless!
Cold a/c.
Beautiful pool area.
Friendly staff.
15 minute drive to the Strip.
One CON: no pans in the kitchen and no cutlery.

From the website photos it looks great.
What they NEGLECT to inform you is that it doubles as Section 8 housing for the homeless through michelle obama's plan.
There are, literally, needles on the ground, shootings, stabbings (all within a week of my stay 9/13/13.
The amenities are expected for the $305/week booking so i wasnt expecting TajMahal but i also did not expect my neighbor to say, "don't go to pool #2 because that section we call New Jack City".
I was so worried my things would be stolen and felt hostage in my room at night because i didnt want to open the windows being on ground level.
If you think i'm joking, SEE FOR YOURSELF!

i stayed here for a long time when i was moving from the east coast to Las Vegas a while back.
it was a fun little area.
The restaurant next door is the best for Dr. Pepper.
and for Chicken fingers and Hamburgers.
I was the king of Dr. Pepper.
The girl at the bar gave me 1-2 pitchers every night and i drank them for everyone.
I love the food here and the Sienna Suites was nice.
the pools were mainly super heated.
The cons: babies go into the pools.
people that are dirty and bums come over now and then.
Overall, inside it was satisfactory.
Across the street from Walgreen's.
At night make sure to lock your door.

It's good for the price.
Who goes to Vegas to stay in the room during the day anyway.

So, a few friends and myself have been staying at the Siena Suites for the past 3-4 days.
Last night around 3:30 an employee came knocking on our windows for 10-20 minutes..  Called up to the front desk this morning and explained what had happend and they said that it's impossible that employee's wouldn't do that.
3 people seen it happen and can confirm it was an Employee.
But whom ever I talked to didn't want to discuss it.
I don't think I'll be staying here again when employee knock on peoples windows, and then argue it wasn't them.

NEVER STAY HERE!
i have to- company pays for it but you dont!
NEVER STAY HERE.
front desk is rude and argumentative and when my toilet flooded it took them forever to send someone and then he showed up without tools and smoking a cigarette.
he actually tried to come into my room while smoking and my car got broken into in the parking lot once and got my gas siphoned another time.
oh, and the guy across the way is dealing drugs and when there was a domestic fight and the girl refused to stop screaming management came out to check if everything was ok and even shook the guys hand when he promised to get everything under control.
they never called the cops and they were really fighting  and everybody throws their trash outside their rooms like it's a third world country  fire everybody except the chief maintenance guy- he's the only one who wants the job  NEVER STAY HERE!

The reason that the suites are so inexpensive is because the they saved money on the beds.
They are absolutely the hardest that i have ever slept on.
The front desk was polite and met my needs.
Housekeeping has a lot to be desired.
No towels in one bathroom and the bed was made with the sheet on top of the blanket.
Kinda weird.
There are people who live at this place along with their cigarette butts all over and pets.
I saw a kid allow his dog to crap on the sidewalk and just walked away.
Workout room and pool were nice.
Obviously the regulars don't use these amenities.

We stayed here last saturday after spending two nights beforehand at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino after our drive up from San Diego.
This was my second time staying at the Siena Suites and it was just how I remembered: clean room with double beds, a kitchen with full-sized refrigerator, microwave, sink, four-burner stove, a living room with a couch and coffee table, and two analog television sets.
You definitely get your money's worth when you do decide to stay here and save money for other things.
The room telephones are old but they still work if you call the front desk and cover  your mouth with one hand to amplify your voice.
LOL!
We ran into a problem with the refrigerator; our food and drink items were not cooling down.
We called front desk and they sent a maintenance crew member up to check it out within 20 minutes.
He inspected it and repaired the problem, getting it to run to optimum efficiency!
And as you all know, TIPS ARE GREATLY APPRECIATED IN VEGAS!
People who work in the hospitality and tourism industry are PEOPLE too!
My experiences in Nevada alone have always been great; the locals are really nice and helpful people.
Reading negative reviews on this establishment leads me to believe that the staff are under appreciated.
Sometimes I think it's the tourists causing problems.
I gave him a tip for handling the repair because I myself bust my butt to earn tips just to keep a roof over my head.
Word to the wise: Try not to venture out late in the evening for your personal safety.
On the other hand, it's only 15 minutes from the strip, the rate is GREAT, and you have all your necessities.
If you plan on prepping and cooking your own food, pack your own kitchenware.
There are grocery stores nearby to cater to your needs.
The Siena Suites are perfect for all age groups considering your travel budget.

