Usually don't review fast food but just had to after a not so great Taco Bell experience.
Usually I love Taco Bell and rarely have any problems.
This one however, was a problem.
My food was kind of cold.
Very unusual from Taco Bell (for me at least) because usually its piping hot.
I got the new Mini Quesadilla and the cheese was not fully melted and both my chicken burritos were warm at best.
They get a sympathy star added because the girl working the drive thru was very friendly.

the fastest and friendliest service ever

yummy !!
Great customer service (especially from the guy that took my order in the drive thru)  And vegetarian options !!!!
yay !!!
fast, good, hot food !!!
will go back

This is a nice location to eat in at.
It's clean, it's shockingly delicious for fast mexican food.
During the afternoon it gets busy because school gets out.
Anything after 4pm it's quiet & clean!
I always get the Beefy 5 layer no sour cream (1.79) with a small beverage (1.49).
Not a bad price for cheap eats, I think it's filling.
This location does offer a senior discount when purchasing a senior drink.

I went thru the drive thru.
The voice on the speaker was a male, he had a very clear, understandable voice.
He made sure my order was correct on the board (screen) before I pulled off.
Came to the window to pay and saw Christopher, who took my order.
He was very polite, asked if I needed hot sauce, I asked for "mild", he asked, medium mild or medium hot, I said medium hot.
Like finally someone cares about "my needs" at a fast food drive thru...I'm happy!!!
Thank you Christopher for a great experience at a fast food place, I had no complaints.

It's hard to judge fast food because it's just that -- FAST food.
There are always gonna be those bad experiences due to whatever it may be ; the car in front of you in drive thru, random employee having an off day, food actually wasn't completely up to par, but more often than not, we get what we pay for, right?
I have yet to experience a bad experience at this drive thru.
They've always been friendly and food has filled my Taco Bell craving.
Love the grillers, love the fiesta potatoes, love the Mexican pizzas (when in the mood).

The food is amazing here and they never mess my order up.
I always get extra cheese and little odd things like that.
After about 6pm and later the drive thru line is so long.
It takes anywhere from 10-30 minutes to get your food.
For that reason I am giving them three stars.
They need to pick it up in the drive thru.
The staff is very friendly although they stand at the window leaning on the counter waiting for the food to hand us.
Speed it up and it's 4 maybe 5 stars!

