Give me cake.
Well my dads birthday was coming up and I needed to find a really good cake for him, because he is diabetic.
I have to make sure I care of my pops.
I came here as a referral from another friend that has been here before.
They can make any cake you like, the best part is that they actually freshly bake your cake to you liking sugar free.. (can you say awesome) The only thing required is a deposit, a % of the cakes value, and a 1 weeks notice for sugar free because they order the ingredients.
The cake itself was really good I couldn't tell to much that it was in fact sugar free, it was moist and full of flavor.
Not only that my pops really enjoyed it.
I am so glad that there are bakeries that bake sugar free.
This would be one of them.
The location of this place is a little weird.
On Las Vegas Blvd you will make a left on Daley st and enter the first parking lot to your right.
The best part about this place is they sell fresh sweet (Mexican) bread, and they have some of the best stuffed bolios with cheese and jalapeños.
Omg sooooo good.

Little unassuming, in fact hard to find and a bit sketchy, location behind another restaurant in North Las Vegas - but the torta I had was really good.
We were actually headed to another torta place a couple doors down that I hear is wonderful but the other place was remodeling and we were told that this place was good, and it was.
I had the Torta Pierna - some sort of shredded pork (I think)with lettuce and tomato and a red sauce, I am sure I am not doing the explanation justice.
The only complaint was service was really, really slow and there was only one other group in the place.
But two sandwiches and a drink for $12 - not bad.
Also, tried the carne asada torta and it was okay but nothing memorable.
I would go for the pierna over the carne asada.
This place was a bakery too, I didn't try anything but they had a decent selection of Mexican pastries and there were quite a few customers for the bakery why we were waiting.
So in closing, I would go hear again if I felt like a torta but I still must try the place a couple doors down to the east of this location.

