I like this auto body shop.
Dave, the manager is great to work with.
They do clean work.
A++

Excellent service.
Clean, professional and extremely reasonable.
I won't take my vehicles anywhere else.

I was rear-ended in my Cadillac CTS and the other guy's insurance company sent me to Updated Auto for the repairs.
Man, oh man, am I glad they did.
These guys are truly awesome!
My car was smashed up pretty badly.
I wasn't sure if it was going to be able to be repaired but I dropped it off for an estimate and crossed my fingers.
I got amazing personalized service from Elie (the owner), Dave and Robert (who actually worked on my car).
They took care of dealing with the other guy's insurance and got my rental car arranged.
I just had to show up with my poor banged up car.
Robert was great with communicating the estimate, insurance claim status and providing status updates.
He went above and beyond by offering to clean up some road rash that was unrelated to the accident with some fresh paint for a small extra fee.
I happily said yes to his offer.
I'm glad I did -- his color matching and paint job is flawless!
I couldn't be happier with the result.
I waited a week to write this review to make sure no issues popped up as I was driving it.
Now, a week later, the car is better than before the accident.
I am really, really pleased with how these guys handled my car and me.

I was really surprised about the outstanding service I received at UPDATED AUTO.
I had a bumper damage on my 2010 Nissan Pathfinder I had not noticed when I bought the car a few month before.
I was referred to UPDATED AUTO by my insurance USAA and I must say that the experience I made could not have been better.
Not only was the damage taken care of in an excellent, but also in the shortest possible time.
Small additional scratches were also done at not extra cost.
( Something I had never experienced before anywhere ).
The courtesy and knowledge was second to none.
There is no doubt that I will recommend UPDATED AUTO to any one looking for an outstanding service.
Charles H.

I recently brought my boss's  2012 Range Rover to fix knocked off right side mirror.
I was referred to Updated Auto from Land Rover.
The BEST!!!
They're very professional and outstanding service, very friendly.
I really wanted to a big thank to Elie,Craig, James, Robert and all team member.Especially I'd like to thank to Elie , He was helpful honest and thoughtfulness guy.
I highly recommend this place and hopefully  they will be 5 Star long time!!!!

Front passenger side damage to my 2011 E63.
I am normally not a fan of body shops, so I took my Merz first to the Fletcher Body shop.
The owner at Fletchers told me he could 'bend the fender back and paint it'.
I walked away, partly because of the comment, partly as I dislike dealerships more than anyone.
I looked at Yelp, found 'Updated Auto' with all 5 stars.
Asked around and it turns out that 'Updated Auto' truly is a 5 star facility.
'Updated Auto' took care of the insurance guys (State Farm) who wanted to skip the frame inspection/alignment and other critical inspections.
They fixed the car in a week, it looks perfect and they detailed it inside/out.
The car looks and feels like new.
'Updated Auto'  is a serious 5 star business; I highly recommend them.
I know I'm going back to them with anything else for my cars.

Absolutely the best auto repair I've ever experienced.
I would never chose a dealership or other shop over these professionals.
The owner personally helps with greeting customers, and ensuring that everyone is thrilled with the work.
The mechanics take pride in their efforts and they will ensure that you're given every price advantage they can find to help out the customer.
I was intimidated by all the high end vehicles in the shop, but they treat every customer, from the Ferrari to the Hyundai owner, with the same level of respect and attention.
It became apparent why the range of vehicles come here, quality service.
I've never trusted a repair shop more, and had such an enjoyable experience working with the team.
Don't make a mistake, trust Updated Auto.

These guys are wonderful!
I know nothing about cars and my Volkswagen was having some serious problems.
James was very nice and explained everything to me.
They made me feel like an important customer even though there were very much more expensive cars in there than mine!
I highly recommend this shop for EVERYONE!

