The service in these stores depends on the local management and individual sales persons.
You can get a very personable geek who'll talk your ear off, or you can get someone like the guy at this store who clearly didn't want me to have my phone worked on 1/2 hour before the store was due to close.
I had bought the phone from them and called to tell them it was faulty.
I needed a software update and was told it would only take 15 minutes.
When I arrived, this guy tried to say it would take over a half hour and I should come another day!
Puh-leeze!
The place wasn't crowded or anything!
I informed him that I already knew it would take only 15 minutes and he suddenly found someone to update the phone.
These stores always seem clean and organized.
This one had a lot of products on display so i was able to look around while the phone was being updated.
The guy who worked on the phone was very nice and informative about  what he knew of the phone.
You know, it's really the staff who determine whether you want to go back to a particular Verizon store.
Other than the one guy who tried to avoid helping me, my experience was decent.

Absolutely the worst customer service you can imagine.
The only thing keeping Verizon in business is the good coverage and over-priced calling plans.

Super helpful friendly and efficient.

This location was terrific!
I walked right in, no wait & Crystal helped me (who I believe was the Manager), she's awesome!!
When I need my technology snazzied up I'll go back & ask for her :)

This place was so busy when we walked in that we ended up waiting an hour and a half before we got helped.
Besides the waiting, though....the staff was very friendly and helped with any questions we had.
They might want to staff a little better, but in all, my Verizon experience was ok.

Terrible queues.
Service is minimal.
The associates treat account holders like nuisances instead of paying customers.
Surprisingly, the manager was the rudest person there.
Asking how many people were ahead of us seems to warrant an irritated attitude.
A number of employees walking around instead of assisting customers.
Avoid this branch.

I've had Verizon Wireless for years and have been to stores around the country.
I was really disappointed with my experience at this location.
I walked in and three workers, including the store manager stared at me.
After I asked to be put on the list, I asked approximately how long and I got a rude "when your name is up on the list.
" After waiting for over 30 minutes to buy a phone I finally was able to talk to Gabe.
He was the first friendly face in the store, besides other customers, he was helpful and although I left not purchasing a phone I was grateful for one positive experience.
However, I am very reluctant to return to the store.

I went down to this store in hopes of upgrading mine and my wife's phone last weekend.
After talking to the representative we were told that we were not eligible to use the edge program due to not having six months of good payments.
We had five months of good payments, the only break within our multi year contract of good payments, where we had auto payments, was one month where we had fraud on our account and the Verizon wireless back office told us not to make our payment so they could fix the fraud on our account that they had allowed to happen.
A week later I decided to call the back office in hopes that they could put a remark on my account "saying that it was okay for myself and my wife to use the edge program because the problem with our billing was due to fraud.
" Verizon wireless's back-office put me on hold well they called my local store.
After about 20 minutes of being on hold the back office person told me that the store cannot do anything and back office cannot do anything and the only choice that I have is to call a third person and go through a long process with them and "maybe" they can help me.
I can except the fact that even though after being a Verizon wireless customer for over 10 years, they are over charging me for every thing and I'm losing my unlimited data plan, the one thing that I cannot except and will not forget is they are denying me privileges and services they give to every one else because I had a lapse in payment due to an error they made.
I am being punished because they could not keep their website secure and when I called to try and fix it they pretty much told me "sucks to be you, nothing I can do about it.
" It took me over two months to fix this fraud on my account where Verizon Wireless allowed someone to run up almost $2000 in charges on a phone line, they talked me into, that does not even work.
Now I am being denied services that are given to everyone else due to one month of bad payments, that they told me not to pay because it was their fault.
All I wanted to do was upgrade my wife and my phone and continue on with verizon, regardless of the issues we have had.
Now I am looking into a completely new carrier because I'm tired of Verizon wireless treating my family like we don't matter.
I tried to accept that stuff happens and did not get mad about the fraud, even though it took over 6 phone calls to fix, but the way I am being treated now by individual stores and corporate as a whole is unforgivable.
I used to love verizon and I told all my friends to join.
Now I'm thinking of changing and hoping my friends do to.

I have always had good luck here.
BUT other day Trish was an outstanding customer representative to me.
I also overheard her handling some grumpy nasty customers.
AND she did that nicely.

I usuually don't like heading off to the Verizon store for upgrades to my phone.
I've been in several stores across the valley, and this by far was the most pleasant experience I've had in my 8 or 9 years with them.
We were greeted by Tom, who immediately recognized his alma mater (Go Green, Go White) on my husbands phone.
It can be a tedious (and boring) wait while they do all the techno stuff to get your new phone up and running, but Tom made the time pleasant and did a great job upselling the Bose mini with our trade in credit, which we are now the proud owners of.
My husbands phone had trouble activating and he just kept at it, even though it was quickly approaching closing time.
He never made us feel rushed, or that he was in a hurry to get going.
Good job Verizon, Tom is a keeper!

I needed a new cell phone, and I was tired of dealing with all the headaches buying phones and plans from websites.
So I knew that even though it might cost a bit more, it was time to visit a local storefront and, when I had questions, there would be a live person available to answer them.
My mistake!
The live people who staff this place seem to be dead from the neck up.
I told a clerk named Stacy I needed a phone.
She was happy to push a "smart phone" with an expensive contract plan.
When I said I wanted a "dumb phone" with no contract, her face literally dropped.
Then she disappeared for 20 minutes under guise of finding me a phone in the back that could use their prepaid plan.
When she finally came back, I began asking my annoying questions, the kind that customers insist upon asking because they don't work with the product full-time.
No problem for Stacy, though.
She ignored every one of my questions and did whatever she could to finish with me ASAP.
I asked a total of four times how to operate the voice mail, and all four times they decided I said something else and informed me, "This phone doesn't get e-mail.
"  I still wound up buying the phone and a prepaid plan since I had no phone at the time.
I came back later in the week to ask my questions to someone else (forget his name).
But all he could do was get irritated with me because I kept asking questions about the flip phone I'd bought, and he told me, repeatedly, "I don't use the flip phone!
"  I'm not condemning Verizon Wireless--my service, as well as the online customer service, has been acceptable thus far.
But the clerks and management at this particular store exhibit no interest in their customers (at least not the ones who aren't there to pay top dollar for everything) and no knowledge of any phones other than the ones they themselves use.
To me, this attitude indicates that they simply have no interest in remaining employed.
And this was the opinion I expressed to the corporate customer service manager when I spoke to her.

I dealt with a manager by the name of Chris and she was beyond fabulous!
She able to do in 30 minutes what 10 Verizon Wireless telephone support agents were unable to do in literally 15 hours over a period of 2 weeks.
Chris is very professional and extremely competent at her job.
Her customer service is EXCELLENT!!!
Chris has truly earned her position as a manager at Verizon.
She needs to teach a class to Verizon's telephone support agents, they can learn a whole lot from her.

If I could give less than a star I would.
They are useless and all they do is say sorry when they make a hUGE mistake.
They shipped my replacement phone to another state AFTER I told them I will be out of town.
They offered to send it wherever I would be and over night it.
After numerous phone calls and speaking to everyone and their grandmother, no one was able to help me.
Now I will be without a phone, because of their stupidity!
Spoke to manager named Trish..... She was useless!!
Asked to speak to her manager and she wouldn't give me his phone number but that she would have him call me..... Yeah right!!!
Worse service ever!!

