i love buffalo wild wings!
they have a variety of different sauces to smother your chicken in from flavors like bbq, teriyaki, hot and carribean jerk!
there is something to please all palettes!
they also serve burgers, ribs and sandwiches here.
the full bar is also nice if you want to get a beer to go with your wings.
my favorite thing is the chicken tenders in the spicy garlic sauce.
yum!
i wish there was one in california that wasn't in the boondocks!
i would be here once a week..

2 years or so ago I used to frequent this BWW.
It was close by and the bartenders rocked.
When my favorite bartender left I didn't come in as much.
With that being said out of the 6 or so BWW I have eaten at in Vegas this is still my favorite.
The wings usually come out hot and I have not really had any problems with my simple order.
I order the same thing every time 12 wings 6 hot and 6 spicy garlic with potato buffalo chips cajun style.
The most frequent complaint I have is they forget to put the cajun spices on the buffalo chips, but this happens far more often at other BBW...
It isn't as busy as some of the other BWW, but the food is better.
So if you are going for the party I would not recommend it but if you want the best BBW wings in Vegas check it out.

I was worried because I was in North Las Vegas and thought I would have trouble finding a decent place to eat.
Luckily for me I found Buffalo Wild Wings.
I am thankful that they have expanded out west so much recently.
Like everytime I got 8 boneless wings and buffalo chips with cheese and cajun spice.
Lately I have been getting the desert heat dry rub.
It is a promotional optionn and a nice change from the normal.
As usual the food was good and the atomosphere it nice.
The free wifi allowed me the chance to get a little work done while I was there.

I don't know what happened since the 2009 reviews but this place is Ghetto.
Worst Service in the world.
I know numerous people who will never go there again.
They drive further away to other BWW to eat.
Agai, it's not the food, it's the lack of service.
So sad.

I'm not sure what I expected for Buffalo Wild Wings, but it was not what we got; from this location any-how.
I expected a modern looking dining establishment all about the Buffalo Wings.
I did not expect a totally nondescript pub scene.
I guess I expected celery crudité with bleu cheese dressing on the table.
I did not expect an electronic trivia game with a console at the table (sort of what TGI Fridays does; in fact it may be the same network).
I was thinking this would be the place for a young crowd; and while there were young people there it was also an older crowd.
So many things I expected, very few  expectations met.
What does it mean when I cannot determine what type of décor the restaurant designers were shooting for?
Were they trying to make a unique statement?
If so I have no idea what they wanted.
If they wanted to be a sports bar they sorta succeeded at that, the monitors were ubiquitous.
If they wanted to be a pub, I think they kinda covered the walls with pub'ish sort of stuff.
If they wanted to make their customers comfortable they failed utterly with raw wood benches for the booths and chairs around the four-tops; however if the strategy was to get people in and out of the place they accomplished that.
The course seating arrangements meant that I could not sit for long; but on the upside for Buffalo Wild Wings it means that they can clean up all the spilt sauce with no problem.
The food, yeah what about the food...
There was nothing wrong about the food (although interestingly enough we were not attracted to the Buffalo Wings at all) but there was also nothing so unique about the food that made me go "I got to have it".
What my wife and I both ended up with was the "Burger Beef Stack" which fell into the category of "what's not to like" (it was like brisket with an onion ring between two burgers on a bun, so what's not to like); however we both would have like to see the burger a bit more on the medium (or god forbid the medium rare) side, it would have made the whole thing taste better.
For the potatoes we both chose the "chips" which were rather good.
The food was all about "what can we do with prepackaged food", from the burgers to the desserts.
With this attitude it is no wonder there is nothing spectacular here, but also nothing so wrong that it is offensive.
I will however be eating wings and some of their like 20 sauces on the next go round (which should give you a clue where this review is going.
)  The staff was well train if a bit on the over anxious side.
I do not know what it is lately, that servers have to be so annoying and look for the tip so hard, but it seems to be the case in more and more establishments.
Here is a clue for all you servers out there; like children, servers should be seen and not heard.
It should go something like this: We see you when we are seated for drinks and specials, then we see you for our order (and give us about 5 minutes at least).
Our next interaction should be when YOU serve us.
Personally I do not like this idea of team service, others bringing out the food and then having to ask "who gets the Limburger and Goat Cheese salad".
Other interaction should require little to no interaction.
I expect you to refill my beverage when it gets low; I expect you to clear plates when I have signaled I am done by putting my silverware and napkin on the plate, or moved it to the side.
When refilling water or iced tea, I expect you to lift my glass off the table and fill it over the floor where if it spills it will NOT get all over the table or customers.
Optionally you can set a "Drink Back" on beverages that call for free refills (be remember to clear the empties when you have the chance).
Otherwise I do expect a "check up" about half way through the meal and then after the main service with a dessert inquiry.
Finally, serve out dessert and/or check promptly so we may leave when we desire.
In the case of Buffalo Wild Wings, where the seats are so uncomfortable, the sooner we can leave, we will, and leave the booth open for no one to fill.
The fact is the more attention you give us beyond a reasonable measure is just annoying.
As customers we want to talk amongst ourselves, have a conversation.
But I must say someone is one the ball with this place, it is the first place that has enticed us into dessert in a long time; and I know why.
Serving size.
All the places around now seem to think the more the better when in truth the right amount the better.
If you serve me a two pound burger, what are the odds I am going to be peck'ish enough to order dessert and up my bill by another $10?
The amount of food served here was just right and I wanted a dessert to "Fill in the Corners" as JRR Tolkien once put it.
What it all comes down to is quirky but acceptable experience that I will visit again, probably soon.
I will be back which should say more for the place than the whole review.

One of the best spots in Vegas to get some wings.
They have a variety of flavors, garlic parmesan and mango habanero being my favorite.
Buffalo Wild Wings or BWW as I like to call also has a bar for those who like to drink, a great place to eat with the family.
Here in Vegas it's open 24 hours for those with late night appetites.
They also show free PPV's like UFC fights.

After the location on Craig's got too popular, this was the one that we went to for MNF.
The service is just as good, but less people in the way.
It's a little bit smaller, but if you can get to the back corner of the bar, and have that big screen for your group, you're set.

What can I say... 45 cents chicken wings tuesdays!
gotta love it!
20 naked wings with a side of honey bbq sauce.. yummmm...
I go to bdubs are least twice a month, if not more.
Never get fed up or tired of it.
I love wings :)

So... where do I start?
Came here 2 nights ago... with a bunch of guys of course.
They all had beers... me on the other hand... well I don't drink... which leads to me to review on the food and service.
I ordered one of their wraps... it took over 30 mins to arrive after placing my order.
Why did it take that long to get to me?
My friends said they messed up on my order... oh and the worst part after the long wait...
It didn't have any flavor and the taste was horrible!
I had wedges with my wrap... and that was decent.
I suggest only coming here if you're a guy looking for a casual sports bar to have drinks with friends... and don't order any of the food items.
My other friend ordered a chicken sandwich and it looked really scary... he didn't want to eat it but he was really hungry.
My other friend ordered the nachos... from my view... it looked really cheap and horrible.
No good quality here when it comes to food.
Parking wasn't a problem.
Seating wasn't a problem.
Very casual.
I would never be caught in a BWW again... first and last visit for me.
Can't believe I spent 2 hours in here.
yuck.
NEXT.

The 3 stars are for the food ONLY!
Get it to-go or suffer through the wait lines on any sporting event day because they don't take reservations ahead of time, and the shoddy excuse for service.
Oh did I mention you REALLY shouldn't order water because it takes like dirt and smells like chemicals.

I used to love this place but now I cant even bear to eat their wings.
I guess if i go here again, I'll order something else besides wings.
I'm not sure what they did, but their wings have been stale, overcooked, and old lately.
I'll pass.
I dont know if its a new cook there, or they changed something up or what...
I think I'll give other wing-places a shot.

I use to stop in every once in a while for a grilled chicken wrap and a game of Golden Tee after I would get off work.
I would even call in an order for take out here and there.
The bar is always empty on grave yard when I would go in.
Old bartender was nice, but the new one looks like he is always busy, even when no one is there.
I called in my order last time and it couldn't have been more wrong.
Once I get home, I refuse to go back to fix the problem.
I just won't order food anymore.
Not to mention they did away with the grave yard wing special.
I will stop in for a beer and game of Golden Tee, but that is about it.

I love this bar.
They know me here and they know what I want when I walk in.

Theres always great food and drink specials.
Great atmosphere for girls night out or for friends to come together for the big game or big fight.
Wings are awesome of course, and I love how they will bring you any kind of sauce you want to try!
Service has been good to me so far, except for one occasion where the waitress literally had us get our drinks from the bar instead of bringing them to us :/ kinda rude!

I used to LOVE this locaton since it was right up the street from my house but they either have changed the mgr or the cooks something!
it just doesnt taste the same at all and they dont seem to coat the wings well bonless wings like wing stop.
I hate to say it but will not order wings from here for awhile til i actually hear good things and see a change.

Just like any other B Dubbs location this one is fun for friendly get together to have some beers or any other drinks and some amazing wings.
Happy hour specials from 3p-7p and 10p-6a from Absolut specials to Jack Daniels.
Of course we all know about the Tuesday and Thursday wing specials I'm sure we all take advantage.
The staff is very friendly and if you go there often they'll definitely remember your order down to the T on every visit lol.
The only problem is that everybody and their mama go to this location so you're bound to run into anybody you may be avoiding lol.

I love the buffalo chips and cheese.
Make sure you get them extra crispy.
Its always fun and the service is good if you get the right person.
The bar isn't to packed during the week.
Also, they have a new flat bread pizza Spinach and Chicken SOOOO good.

Bad food... Wings are oily and cold!

The food is super good, the wait is super bad!

OMG.
Don't bother frequenting the Buffalo Wild Wings on Centennial.
We sat in the lobby area between the doors for our 10-15 min wait.
No big deal, but the hostess "forgot we were out there".
Nice.
She takes us to a table, points & walks away.
hmmm...ok. (We saw her do that pretty much every time she seated somebody).
We sit for another 10-15 min before anyone comes over.
Another 30 min later (& after the appetizer gets there), then my drink comes.
No napkins.
Finally the waiter takes our order.
Other people come in after us, get seated first, get thier food, eat & leave & our food STILL hasn't come.
Waiter disappeared.
About an hour & 1/2 into it, we ask for the manager (who hasn't been seen at all up to this point).
She checks on the food & disappears, too.
We get up to go pay for what we DID get & are told that she can't do anything and has to get the manager.
Really?
She's not able to ring up drinks and one appetizer?
I told her she better get on it because I would like to pay our bill & go to a place where we can get DINNER.
Our waiter comes up front & says the manager is boxing up our food.
FINALLY, the manager comes back out (without any food) & says our tab is good, she won't charge us.
Gee, thanks.
Never again.
We started going to this location after the service & food went downhill at the Montecito location on N Durango.
Thier portions suddenly got a LOT smaller & food was way overcooked.
The female bartender there was too busy flirting to serve us when we sat at the bar.
When she finally did come over, she was obviously annoyed by our mere presence.
I don't know what is going on with this chain, but they won't be getting any more money out of us.

Crazy place with big screen TVs covering every game.
Loud crowds, a buzz in the air, its a fun place to hang out, have a few beers and eat some wings.
There are many different wet sauces and several dry rub choices to pick from.
The "hotness" ranges from mild, just barely a burn to the hottest habanaro sauce.
Wings are cooked as ordered, takes a while to get them but service is quick, the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is fun.

If I could give this place zero stars I would.
We have eaten here twice recently, but only because my wife is pregnant and has fried pickle cravings.
The food is atrocious, from the wings, to the sandwiches, to the burgers, even the mac & cheese in the kid's meals.
The wings are supposed to be the main attraction, yet they were a strange color and cold as if they had been sitting out for a while, not to mention the taste was bland.
Even frozen TGIF wings that you can buy at the grocery store are better than these.
My sister had a burger which was black, thin, rubbery, and just plain disgusting.
I had pork sliders which were as dry as a bone, even with BBQ sauce on them.
My son had the mac & cheese kid's meal.
The mac was cold and hard and stuck together, the cheese tasted horrible on it.
He loves mac & cheese and would barely touch this stuff.
The waitress (same woman both times) was a snaggletooth with a mouth full of decaying, yellowed teeth and she reeked of cigarette smoke...kinda makes you lose your appetite.
She brought us the wrong thing a couple times or forgot to bring certain meal items.
Overall, I would highly recommend staying away from BWW.
Awful food, crappy service.

This is the place to be on UFC fight nights because they put out extra tables so you can watch the fight for free!
The service can get tricky since it does get really packed and busy.
If you are planning to watch the fight there I suggest going early and just hanging out.
Other than that the wings are great just like any other night!

I had AYCE bone-in wings for 14 on a friday afternoon during a lunch break.
- difficult parking.
bunch of uhauls take up space.
- lots of TVs!
you watch olympics, basketball, mma, baseball, practically anything!
- slow service.
very important bc i only have a 1 hour lunch break.
1st wings (10) comes out in 15-20m.
it was fairly empty too when we were there.
- comes with french fries and 2 sides of ranch - every other order comes with only 5 wings.
took 10m to receive.
- compared to chicken bonz, lemon pepper is not as salty, which is a good thing - spicy garlic is pretty salty.
expect an extra water refill.
- in 30m, i was able to take in 25 wings.
not bad.
- that comes to about 50cents a wing.
ehh, alright..

This place is alright.
Great place to watch football with the kids though =)

I don't live too far from here and actually tried to avoid eating here for a couple of reasons;  1.
Poor customer service at the Bullhead AZ Location 2.
Rude employees at the Encinitas CA location  Not this locations fault for me to not come by.
A few people out here swear by this place.
I reviewed a couple of Yelp reviews and you get mixed reviews.
I might as well test them for myself.
Besides, it was 4 hours since my last meal, I was starving like a mad man, and driving on Centennial Parkway.
Didn't want Roberto's, McDonalds, and was in the mood for IN-N-Out (surprisingly).
I gave them a shot and here we go.
-Not busy considering it was Saturday night and a couple of games were going.
I am assuming that like most BWW, gets pretty busy during UFC and NFL Games.
-Ambiance:  Actual a chill type bar and restaurant.
-Customer Service and Staff:  So far, the best I've seen at a BWW's.
Tons of staff everywhere.
All were friendly.
Greeting on the way in and way out.
Food ordered and received quick.
Waitress and bartenders always checking up on me.
-Food:  Had their Boneless Garlic Chicken and Buffalo Ranch Chicken.
I was never a fan of BWW's wings or even boneless chicken, but their Buffalo Ranch Chicken was pretty good.
Next time I will probably ask that the ranch and sauce is on the side.
-Price:  Cheap, in my opinion.
Bill was less than $10.
-Drinks:  Didn't have any, but who is messing this up.
Only poor customer service and outrageous prices can give drinks a poor review.
Based on what I noticed, BWW Centennial delivers.
Will I come back?
Probably will during NFL games and hang out with the homies.
Regarding food, there's enough of a selection to find your needs.
It's basically a sports grill, so expect tailgate type fried food.
The staff at this location has brought me back.
PS:  Honey, school tomorrow.
Get your homework done and go to sleep early.
Love you.

absolutely horrible.
i live very close and used to go here quite a bit but i finally had enough and will not be back.
the service is completely terrible.
we have literally waited over half an hour for service on multiple occasions.
i can't count the number of times i've sat way too long with an empty drink, both at tables and at the bar.
it doesn't matter if they're busy or not, the service is always horrendous.
once we specifically asked to be seated in the one good server's section and they wouldn't accommodate us even though there was plenty of room.
every person i know who has been here (which is a lot of people) have had the same experience.
it's a shame because it's one of the only places around that isn't full of smoke and they show all the games, but i'll just be staying at home from now on.
absolutely do not recommend.

Food is always way over cooked or makes you sick.
Health Inspector needs to do a field day here.

Amazing honey BBQ sauce.
Wings wet and crispy.
Great atmosphere.
I can't imagine going anywhere else for wings.

Nice.love bdubs.
Forever

I recall when the first location opened on Craig rd., it was great and this became home for dinner, lunch and sometimes in the morning after a graveyard shift.
Now the staff on Craig Rd acts like they do not want to be there and can be rude at times.
It's not just me but I hear this around the area from others.
I have since moved near the Centennial location and had the same experience.
During my first visits I loved the place, staff and people were great.
Now that management has changed a couple of times the place has gone downhill.
I can really tell the difference since Bobbi was the manager here and now.
Staff is slow and appears to be there just to collect a pay check; no one has a welcoming attitude.
Yes they greet you when come in but it feels like they are greeting because that is the rule.
My first sign of the decline was when I waited 40 minutes for an order of wings from the bar.
I showed a manager the time stamp on my order receipt and all I got was a, "oh okay,  I'm sorry" and he walked away.
As of this past Thursday (July 9, 20130) I have decided to stop coming here.
I ordered six wings, spinach dip, two beers and two scotches.
I noticed on the other side of the bar a customer complaining to the manager and the bar tender making a drink near me with an attitude saying, "whatever" and other employees coming in the bar area trying to see what was going on.
That was really nothing compared to a couple of hours after I got home.
My stomach was cramping all night and the next morning and I was running to take a crap every hour or two through the night.
That was the last straw; a place I once loved has gone completely downhill.
Now I understand why PT's down the street has all of the business.

Although this is my favorite wing place, this location has got to be the worst.
The parking lot is jammed packed and has tight spaces.
This location is small and very dark inside.
No music no friendly people kinda freaky.
I recommend going to the one on Craig Road.

We sat for 10 mins in the bar booths... No one came...
So we moved to the dining room .
There we sat for almost 20 mins and still no one approached us.
We watched 3 tables sat after us get greeted.
Servers were standing around chit-chatting.
The manager was busing tables instead of greeting.
When there was plenty open tables.
We visit often sometimes just 1 but up to 12 of us.
I even asked to be helped.
Still no one.
We left and more than likely not return.
This caused the loss of loyal customers.

We just left and did not get fed.
The wait staff is just that they make you wait.
We sat there for over 7 minutes without one of the 5 servers that walked by us.
They did not say a word.
I asked for the manager and she came by and took our drink & appetizer order.
We got the appetizer (without napkins or silverware) before we got our drinks (sodas and water).
When they came and delivered the food we were missing 1/3 of the order and what we did get was reheated and inedible.
We still did not have silverware.
After we waited 5 minutes the server stopped by to say she was sorry for the mix up.
It was too late, I asked to see the manager one more time as we were leaving.
The manager did stop by to apologize for the night.
We selected the wrong place to celebration our daughter getting her driver's license.
We may try another BWW but we will not go back to this one.

Horrible service at the bar.
Bartenders are oblivious to customers  needing drinks.
I sat here for 30 minutes with a menu in front of me and not once did I get asked If I wanted to order food.

Love this place.
Awesome food and good people

The food was fine but the kitchen was way to slow.
It took 40 min to get the food after we placed our order.
The Togo meal took just as long so I know it wasn't a fluke.

Nice happy hour deals, but I like to sit at the bar and watch a game and to get served there is nearly impossible!
Every time I've been here the same female bartender fails to acknowledge me for 10 minutes and then fails to acknowledge me for another 30 minutes after I received my first beer.
Good food but horrible service.

Rachel makes it 5 stars, even on a super crowded n crazy UFC night like tonight!
Great food, even better service.
Not too much room to move around ounce it gets crowded though.

I was debating between 1 and 2 stars; I'm trying to find some reason not to down-grade it.
Service was terrible!
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
It seemed like that's what we did for the entire 1 and 1/2 hours we were there.
Waited to get our orders in, waited to get drinks, waited (1/2 hour) for food to arrive, waited to complain about the order not being right, waited (12 minutes) for a missing order of french fries, waited another 15 minutes for our check.
I couldn't wait to get out of there.
It's not like it's gourmet food served with fine linens.
It's fried chicken served in small cardboard trays, for crying out loud!
The food was good (when it arrived) but it was way overpriced for what you get.
It was like fancy Chicken McNuggets with "Special" BBQ sauce... Won't go back.

Great burger and wings as always!
But customer service could have been better..
I had to wait a while for the food and my beer but otherwise than that good

Literally walked out after waiting 15 mins for a waiter/ess and we got nada!
The bartenders kept looking over at my bf and I, yet no one came to our table.
Thumbs down BWW... 3 bartenders and the manager and still no service.

I don't know why we bother with this location, you'll wait at least 10-15 minutes before they approach you for a simple hello and drink order.
Go to Craig location instead.

The food at buffalo wild wings is awesome.
The only problem with this particular one, is the service.
The only times we have been there, which are a handful of times, it either took forever to get our food...or they forgot us.
We don't order anything special, it's famous for wings, so we order wings.
The two times that were the worst go like this.
First, it took 1 1/2 his to get our food.
People that came in after us had come and gone.
Second, the waitress didn't even put in our order.
We sat there waiting for an hour, seeing others get their food, and finally asking what is taking so long.
The waitress told us that she hadn't even put in our order.
She apologized, which is fine, it happens...but to have such bad customer service multiple times at the same facility is very bad for any company.

Great Service, I Came To Watch The Game And Have A few Drinks, it Wasn't Crowded It Was Just Enough People, Great TV Views At The Bar Area, Will Come Back

I have to give it 4 on beer selection and screens for football.
But every time I go there me and my wife fight.
It has a weird vibe for a date.
It's to dude I think and chicks somehow get squirrelly in there.
I know I do ok. Lace is great for bee and wings with dudes though.
Kinda like clear frat party ish

Food is good and this place is pretty convenient for us.
We're here every couple weeks.
Service is usually pretty good.
Can get a little busy at times but what else would you expect.
We won't be coming here nearly as often though.
Just found out they switched from Coke to Pepsi.
Doesn't work for us.
Would still recommend for the food.

Blah.....its been 5 years since my last visit to a BWW .....I remember why.
The chicken was ok at best and service a step below the chicken.
The dry "rub" was not rubbed on.....more like poured on.
The beer was cold and a good selection.
I resisted coming here due to BWW's stance on guns and probably won't be coming back anytime soon.

Yes, I'm giving Buffalo Wild Wings 4 stars.
This is a rarity, but this location is nostalgic for me and has never let me down.
I lived not far from here during the 5+ years I lived in Las Vegas, and when this spot opened my friends and I didn't go anywhere else.
The bar staff  and their service was always terrific (even at 4am), and the happy hour specials cannot be beat.
It's open 24 hours and the food is bar quality consistent!
I rarely eat at Buffalo Wild Wings since I moved away, but this location holds a special place in my heart.

Terrible service from here last night.
My husband and I walked in around 12:15 am and there was only one bartender by the bar.
We sat down at the bar and did not receive a greeting.
After waiting about 10 minutes we still received no menus or any acknowledgement.
The bartender then proceeded to walk back to the kitchen.
He did see us then and said he would be right back to help us.
After waiting maybe another 5-10 minutes the bartender still had not returned so we left.
Worse service ever!

Usually is a 4 star place for us.
My daughter ordered a salad for dinner and turns out they didn't have salad mix so no salad for the girl tonight.
Good thing she likes chicken fingers too.
Asian Zing is always good.
I'm sure it'll be back to 4 stars next time.
Editing....just noticed no silverware and ordered spun tenders.
Didn't happen.
Slacking a little tonight BWW.

Great place to eat and watch the games.
And this is at a great location.
Great service.

I ordered a black cherry mojito and a Caesar salad with no chicken.
The bartender brought me a strawberry drink, I forming me that they were out of cherry a so that "will just have to do.
" After 60mns I was brought a spring salad with chicken that I sent back.
After 90minutes they brought me a chicken Caesar salad, at that point I just said forget it.
The 6 other people we dined with waited just as long with various problems with their order.
We didn't receive our check until 2.5hrs after our order.
To top it off a cockroach ran under our table while we were waiting.
The management showed no interest in his staffs inability to serve.
Terrible experience, definitely never going back.

No stars for this place!
I went there on Wednesday kids eat for$1 .. We got there and the assistant manager asked how many we where and I said 8, she mouthed"wow" they  sat  us down and the waiter took a while to come over.
When she does, she tells me I need 4 adults ( w/ ID) for the 4 kids meals I'm getting, I told her why do I need iDs if I'm paying for 4 regular meals n  4 kids meals isn't that the same...
I just got "that's what the manager told me "not really keeping their word on that deal are they!
I left to a different location (Craig ) and had a total different experience!

Talk about a great way to watch the game.
Went to BWW to watch the World Cup and couldn't have asked for a better experience.
TV's everywhere airing the World Cup in addition to key baseball games!
Great service, wings and Beer!
The waitress was extremely personable and fast, even with all the tables she had to wait on.
The wings (boneless) were tasty, and the blue moon beer I had made t the perfect combo.
I recommend trying the fried pickles as an appetizer....on point!
-Joe

