Most cabs on the LV Strip do not accept credit cards.
Possibly because of the number of people who over extend in the casinos?
Who knows!
It was a surprise to me when I first arrive at McCarren but proved to be true for the rest of my trip as well.
So always bring cash OR request a credit card cab (which any hotel or airport attendee will do for you if requested).
My beef is that some of the drivers, knowing that you're a tourist, will purposefully take you on the highway to avoid the "traffic" on the Strip.
I am a tourist, so what the heck do I know?
Result: paying $28 to get from one end to the other for dinner, and only $13 on the way back.

Horrible, Horrible service!!!!!
This shitty cab company threatened to call the cops on me when I told them I didnt have cash, I told this asshole from the start, that I only had my ATM card.
Really!!!!
And the asshole driver took the long route to the airport.
Avoid the cab drivers who are from East Africa!!!!

We needed a ride to the airport and I didn't know which taxicab company to call.
I opened up the phone book and decided to try Yellow-Checker-Star, since they advertised that they had "the best trained drivers & safety record.
"   When we lived in California, I would always call at least a day before to make a taxi reservation.
But I guess they don't really do that here in Vegas.
The woman I spoke with on the phone was friendly and explained to me that I could just give them a call about 30 minutes before we wanted to be picked up and they would send a driver out then.
So that is what I did the next morning.
Our driver called my cell phone to let me know that he was about 5 minutes away from our house and would be arriving soon.
He arrived on time and was pretty friendly.
He also asked us if we had a preferred route to the airport.
We just told him that he could drive whatever route was the easiest, but that was nice of him to ask.
I'm just glad that he didn't take a really long route just so he could get more money out of us!
The car that this taxicab company used seemed kind of old.
But it was clean and we did arrive at the airport safely!
It was a good experience.
I would definitely use this taxicab company again in the future.

The guy was freindly and told us about Ethopia.
Itwas entertaining.
We tipped well.

I think Yelp should have negative stars, because this company certainly deserves it!
I was flying for the first time by myself on Tuesday Oct, 25th, and I don't fly well to begin with, so I was a nervous wreck.
My cell phone must have fallen out of my back pocket and after the past 2 days of talking with these people it's incredibly apparent they lack customer service skills.
I spoke with lost and found and she stated that Yellow-Checker-Star is actually 3 cab companies and that the cabbies often give their receipts to other cabbies if the cabbie doesn't have enough receipts, but rest assured that the cabbies are very honest and turn in lost items.
Ok, seriously, you said that all in the same sentence and want me to trust a cabbie that is obviously cheating his company, but wouldn't dare think about cheating me?
At this point I couldn't care less about the phone, I just want my chip that had all my pictures on it.
I then talked with Human Resources and was told "I don't have time to look for that receipt, we have 10,000 receipts come through here a day, and I just don't have the time for that.
"  If I were the damn police I bet your little ass would get a move on it and find it then!
My husband knew within 20 minutes of me losing my phone, thanks to a very nice lady in the airport security who let me use her phone, and called my phone at least a 100 times in a 4 hour period before having my phone canceled, and I find it very hard to believe that the cabbie didn't hear it!

These drivers are a big rip off.
Our driver lied about knowing where the destination was and drove us around forever trying to run up the fare.
Later we were told the fare should have been half.

We asked the cabbie on the way back to the airport to not take the freeway to save us time and money and he did the exact opposite.
Charge was over $30.
Used a competitive cab company when we arrived who could follow directions and our fare was only $18.
Shady.
Be very careful when you hail your taxi to avoid this company!

2 stars for the cab showing up within 25 minutes.
Minus stars for the cab driver.
When I called, the dispatcher took the pick up and drop off address.
The cab driver (#3813) did not have the drop off address and before I gave it to him, he said is that short distance and seemed irritated when I said it was.
Its not my fault that the dispatcher failed to tell him how far and where we needed to go.
We thought all cabs use GPS systems but he asked me in an irritated tone for directions.
Closer to home, I told him to stay in the left lane and he then said he was using the GPS and knew where to go.
We had to take a final turn at the end of the road near the apartment and when I told him to take a left, he said there are several buildings here, where should I turn, when clearly all the said buildings were one apartment complex.
His tone seemed condescending and I was so bugged by the end of the ride, I almost did not tip him, but gave him a basic tip.
When we requested him to buzz the code to enter the code, he mocked us saying the phone is ringing in the house and made some stupid remark when I said 'no, it actually rings on the cellphone'.
I think the dispatcher should tell their drivers re distance so they do not end up being so rude to customers.

The dispatcher told us to find another cab company because we had 5 people.
They are lame

Horrible Service!!!!!!!!
It's been two years, and I still want to inform others to avoid this taxi service!!!

Ran into a flock of about 90 of these idiot drivers on DI and Paradise, obstructing traffic and driving unsafely in the name of "protesting".
(They were using their own cars, rather than cabs, and had a bunch of signs and sandwich boards, and were driving with hazard lights on, refusing to let people merge, refusing to signal etc...)  Guess what?
If you don't like your job?
QUIT.
The majority of people living in Las Vegas couldn't care less if there were less obnoxious, rude, uneducated, unsafe cab drivers on the roads.
Without the Taxicab Drivers Gestapo, Las Vegas would likely have a decent transit system that a city of this size SHOULD have.
I, for one, would never ride with a company that employs people who so blatantly disregard the rules of the road like these drivers were today.

I hadn't been to Las Vegas for 4 years so I took the first taxi from the airport.
Yello-Checker-Star.
Big mistake!!!
He asked me which way I wanted to go to the Rio.
I said shortest, cheapest route.
He took the freeway.
The fare was $29.10 and when I gave him 2 $20's he asked if I wanted change!!
When I took a taxi from the Rio to the airport the next morning the fare was $16.20...
I will NEVER get in one of their cabs again and I am telling all of my friends (who fly a LOT) about my experience.
You may make more on the fare one time but it costs you in the end.
Bad way to do business.

just got long hauled by driver- George Genaro - Cab #3644.
What was supposed to be quick trip from LV Convention Center to my hotel- he took the long route claiming there was a strike in the north entrance of the hotel and gave me attitude when i told him to take the staight route.
when i arrived at the hotel i went to the north entrance and - surprise- NO strike.
would avoid this cab company in future

I left my brand new Galaxy S4 in the back seat of a cab and after the 5th time calling it, the driver picked up and asked if I was the owner of the phone.
I answered in the affirmative and he said he'd leave it with lost and found at the dispatch.
The next day I pulled up to Yellow Checker Star fully expecting to find out that there is no lost and found and that my new phone was lost forever but I was pleasantly surprised to get my phone back.
Couldn't be happier, really.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, Yellow Checker Star for restoring a little faith in humanity and making me a happy customer.
I'm really impressed, honestly and I'll definitely go out of my way to give this company business every chance I get.
This meant a lot to me.

My daughter, the first time traveling alone without the mom, leaves her iPhone in the cab.
Steve called me on her phone and said he would take it to lost and found, I called lost and found and they were going to be closed the next 2 days.
Steve delivered it personally to my daughter on his own time.
By reading some of these reviews, I guess it all depends on the person and thank goodness the someone that was driving my daughter around had a conscience.

Picked up early morning to go to the airport from a hotel.
Paid $15.
Ordinary taxi service.

Worst employer ever.
They count on the constant influx of new residents who need jobs and don't know what a terrible business this is.
They roll over 80% of their drivers every year.that's their business model cause new drivers keep less of the meter.
Rude supervisors that pressure you to rip off customers.
Any job is better.

Once in a blue moon, I  look forward with eager anticipation to writing a Yelp review with as much venom as I can conceivably muster.
This is one such review.
I live in Manhattan three months a year and while I strive to take the subway or bus 90% of the time, I usually fall short of that, though I've now mastered the letter lines (N, Q, R mostly) and get around even to Brooklyn better than I used to.
So I take cabs a lot and never in my life have I experienced treatment or service this abominable.
The first thing to know about taking cabs in Vegas: DON'T.
Everyone except me seems to know this.
Car rental is dirt cheap and if you intend to venture off the Strip you MUST HAVE a car.
I didn't do due diligence on Suncoast Casino, where Robert Klein performed.
This was the (sole) reason I came to Vegas.
As a Vegas Virgin, I figured a casino had to be on the strip and didn't realize it's in the suburbs (Summerlin).
It's 50 bucks in a cab and that's after 45 minutes of frantic calling and waiting.
The Rodeway Inn employee didn't know how far it was and estimated a 20 dollar fare.
Uh, no.
A generous, kind employee at Suncoast drove me back, well, to downtown and it was another 28 dollars to the Strip.
I spent 80 dollars in cabs and the first driver was quite possibly the worst cab driver I've ever had in my life.
She had the gall to be angry with me and at the end of the ride told me I was "offensive and obnoxious.
" I thought she was going to hit me.
Now, once this all went South, I WAS as obnoxious as I possibly could be: she deserved it.
So I call the Rodeway and rant for 10 minutes about my cab driver from the back seat, saying no one should ever take cabs in this city, that the service is the worst in America and highway robbery blah blah blah.
Halfway through my deliberate passive-aggressive rant, in which I said "God knows what other add-ons she'll charge," the woman hissed: "WHAT add-ons.
There's just a tip which I assume you won't be giving me, even though I got you to your destination.
" Excuse me, isn't the purpose of a cab to transport you to your destination?
I'm supposed to grovel in gratitude because after 45 minutes of calling the cab only to hear the dispatcher say, "It should have been there" as if this was supposed to console me for missing the first 25 minutes of Robert Klein's show, she managed to find the casino?
The Rodeway employee assured me that the women knew where I was going.
I knew this was not going to end well, when I jaywalked from Royal Resort screaming like a madwoman when finally the cab showed up, for it not to leave.
There were no cabs at the Royal Resort either, which I'm told is common on Saturday nights with big shows or fights.
) "I have no idea where you're going: we don't know these things.
" "But  the woman said she told the dispatcher: I've never been to Vegas and don't know my way around.
" She lives in Summerlin, it turns out, and did know the Suncoast but this was not an auspicious beginning.
It was a very unpleasant experience and the Escalade (the equivalent of livery cab in the city) quoted me 60 and I said, "No way.
" Turns out I would have done better to take that gorgeous vehicle (I've never been in one), though probably they don't take cards.
Oh, and here's the kicker: 3 dollars to use a credit card in a cab in Vegas.
I did leave that miserable woman a 10% tip just to spite her.
I felt like Kevin Spacey in the Ref: "Lloyd's no hero, I can vouch for that.
"   NEVER AGAIN will I come to Vegas without renting a car.

SO happy with them!
Caught a cab from the airport to our hotel.
My husband left his bag in the back with an iPad, iPod, charger and more.
We were just sick when we realized it and called every cab company in town (paid cash and didn't pay attention to which cab we caught.).
They called us the next day and brought EVERYTHING to our hotel!
They are the best!!!

Can't give less than one star.
I'm a liar.
According to this wonderful company.
Car died and had to get a cab to pick it up.
Called and was told it would be 20 minutes before driver arrived at my house to take me to auto shop.
An hour later, called back.
Another 15 minutes, ma'am.
Another 1/2 hour, at this point, totally late for work.
Asked to speak to a supervisor.
"We don't have a supervisor.
She's on vacation.".
I screamed bullshit.
I was then called a liar by whoever got on the phone.
"We would have never told you 20 minutes".
Okay.
I will scream far and wide about your shady service and will be calling Monday morning to hopefully get someone fired.
I could have walked to the auto shop by now.
Ended up walking to Arizona Charlie's and tried to get a cab from here.
Waiting for another hour.

Called for a cab to airport.
Confirmed cab would be at destination in timely manner, paid money to airline to change flight... Dispatcher took my number.
Pick up time came/ went -- no cab, no call.
I called back.told "he'll be there in 5 minutes I promise".
5 minutes came/went --no cab, no call no nothing.
I Call again-- wait on phone for 10 minutes-- no answer.
Out the airline change fee and STUCK in Vegas.
DON"T DO IT call another cab co

