The best pizza I have found here in Las Vegas!!
How could you not love a place that is open til 3/4 am and not love it!!
But seriously...the best pizza by the slice in Vegas and at good prices!!
My favorites are The Meat Lovers and The Buffalo Chicken Pizza!!
There salads are awesome and the chicken wings can be made many different ways...Cajun being the best!!
If you are there on a Sunday afternoon you are bound to run into the hilarious and inebriated crowd left over from Rehab at Hard Rock that is across the street!!
What is better than dinner and a show for one low price!!
:-)

This place does a nice meaty slice of pie, the chunky Lasagna pizza is disturbingly good.
Open late and convenient to the Strip, like the other reviewer says.
Make sure you let them heat up your slice first - not only does a hot warm slice of pie go down easier, but it kills the bacteria that are inevitable when food sits out under a heat lamp.

Just ate here this past weekend and the pizza was great, especially the pizza that had layers of bacon, pepperoni, and some other type of meat.

New York pizza, Las Vegas pizza.. east coast, west coast... Biggie, Tupac ... whatever.
This is good pizza.
Not extremely cheap.. not extremely pricey.. you get what you pay for.. and this is tasty stuff.
Across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel on paradise Road.
I like the chicken pesto pizza... and the BBQ chicken pizza.
I get a big mix greens salad every time as well and it's also nice and fresh.
Good food is what I like.
This is good food.
Go, enjoy.. be happy.

Expensive.
Not that great.
I am quite not sure what they have is NY style.

Really good 'za with toppings that actually taste FRESH - A rarity in the pizza biz...  at least in Las Vegas!
I had their classic combo pie and it was very good and a close second to Metro, which is still my favorite in the city.
Also tried their chicken wings and must admit they are some of the best wings I've ever had.
Juicy, tastey and fresh!
Friendly service too!
Highly recommended for pizza and wing fans!

Three stars just because my arteries wouldn't allow me any more than this.
It was decent pizza, but let me tell you, I added a good two pounds from just a couple slices.
Catered lunches when I'm on the road are a double edged sword.
Tasty, perhaps.
Convenient, definitely.
Healthy, not a chance.
I always have to watch what I eat otherwise I'd be a lot heavier.
And Joe's is the type of place that I have to watch out for.
The office manager either didn't count too well or figured that all of us looked skinny and needed to add a few pounds.
Because she ordered an entire large pizza for every 1.5 people.
I ate along with about a dozen others, and we finished off maybe 3 pizzas total.
And a lot of these guys were on the larger side, too!
But the stuffed pizza with sausage and ham and pepperoni and whatever else was just too massive.
Delicious and glistening with grease, but oh so divine.
Too bad there was still half a day left and I had to stave off a nap for another four hours.

As a college student who spent a year living on campus, this was a great place to walk over to after a class and grab a slice of pizza or some wings.
both are good, not the greatest you will ever eat, but surely good and worth what you pay for.
The staff is friendly, there is an HDTV always showing sports when you walk in and its not that loud.
This is a great place to grab a cheap bite if you are over at unlv, or over at the hard rock.

Does not taste exactly like NY pizza.
Good try though.
We ordered a slice.
They gave us a square pepperoni.
They're definitely not from New York or New Jersey.
The price for a slice is about the same as it is on the East Coast - $2.50.
Hmmm...
I rated this the same stars as the one I rated at Joe's in New York.
(If this is not the pizza joint in the same food court as Chipotle and Panda Express and under McDonald's, I'll gladly transfer this review to the correct listing.
3/19)

ok, first of all the reason i`ve taken the time to write this...they charged my credit card 3x for one transaction!!
good thing i checked online once i returned home.
the pizza was dry, old and salty...i asked them to warm it up and not only did they get my order confused but was told that most of slices there under glass were already warm...WRONG, not warm...they warmed a couple pieces up and it was better than cold but very disappointing all around...was hoping the hotwings would save the day, but NO...not only did they come late (at least they were fresh?
), but they weren`t crispy and were pretty fatty....to top it off, a junkie (drug addict) entered the bathroom and appeared to come out jacked up on whatever he brought in there....years ago this wouldn`t have phased me, but after long road trip and my family with me, it was the icing on the cake.....AVOID this place!!
your money is best dropped elsewhere...if you must go, use cash as they apparently think the credit card machine is their own slot machine and they can play it like their own players club

Maybe more like 3.5 stars.
I think it would've been better if I ordered a fresh pie, but I opted to order the pre-cooked slices that just needed to be re-heated since it was late, and I just wanted to get my food and leave.
There was a huge selection of slices to choose from.
I think at least 8 different types of pizzas.
They were okay, but probably would've been better if they were made fresh.
I thought the prices were okay too...  a little over $10 for 2 specialty slices (buffalo chicken and tomato basil) and a bottle of water.
The chicken on the buffalo chicken was dry since it was sitting all day...  the tomato basil tasted much better.
The plus is that the slices were a good size.

Located in a little strip mall by the Hard Rock, Joe's serves up some big thin slices of greasy meaty flavor!
There's a big selection out if you're ordering by the slice.
Get them heated up, though, if you order by the slice!
Now, they offer lots of the NY-style thin crust flat and wide slices, but I cannot get enough of their stuffed slices, weighing in at about a pound a slice, stuffed with sausage and pepperoni and goodness between two thin crusts, topped with more and sauce and cheese.
These are a handful and def a bellyful!
About the fattiest slice around and tasty as anything, these make a great takeaway to bring on the flight, too!
Yum-o.

Gag Worthy food and facilities; Sketchy business practices!
This place deserves 0 stars.
I was in Las Vegas on a business trip and ordered a slice of cheese pizza.
It was dripping with so much grease that even 5 napkins would not sop it up.
I returned the entire slice uneaten and requested my money back.
The guy at the register refused and told me to come back at night and ask for Pete.
I returned later and the female "Manager" told me Pete wasn't there and they don't give refunds.
After ignoring me for 10 minutes she realized I wasn't going away so she called Pete on the phone.
He said he would have to mail me a check  for the purchase price of the slice.
Uh, the slice was $3 and, as you probably guessed, I never received the check.
In addition to the gross food, I made the mistake of entering the restroom and the stench of urine and fllth almost knocked me unconscious!
Avoid this place under all circumstances!

I just happened to be in the area walking back from the double down.
I live in the Bay area and am from the East Coast.
This was hands down the best pizza i have had and for the price it was even better.
I will never tell anyone.
I will get pizza every time i am in Vegas from now on even if it is down by the Hard Rock.
I was tempted to get more while watching the games at the Hard Rock on Sunday.
The Bar Tender agreed with me that it is the best pizza he has had so i guess it was not just me.
Everyone else who disagrees just doesn't know good pizza.

I'm not much of a sandwich fan but the hot sandwiches here are not only hearty but they're delicious.
5 stars because it was a pleasant surprise to find such a good value off the strip serendipitously.

I like this pizza, its greasy, unhealthy and big portions.
Definitely not a Settebello pizza but good in its own right.

Really great pizza right across the street from the Hard Rock, which is great for a quick bite after a concert (or to line the stomach for a night of drinking) By the slice or pie with crazy combos and names.
Totally cheap, great for the baller on a budget!

Love it.
They have the traditional and completely unique pizzas as well.
Check out the Hungarian Goulash Pizza.
Their apps are great too and they actually make the ranch dressing so it's the bomb.
Clean and nice atmosphere.
It never disappoints and it's open late.

This is just a note, not a review:  I think the reviewer confused this with Joe's and inverted the address 4480 vs 4880.
4480 looks like a parking lot and the Hard Rock is closer to 4880.
The phone number is the same for both.
Joe's Pizza 4480 Paradise Road Ste 1100 Las Vegas, NV 89169 (702) 792-9001

Great food and friendly service!
All the sandwiches are great and service is great.
You can really tell the appreciate your business!

Staying with my guy on a Sunday night in Vegas and we were starving.
We didn't want to move and found that Joe's DELIVERS!!!
SCORE!!
We ordered the veggie pizza and the greek salad.
They delivered our food and realized they gave us a manhattan pizza (all meat).
This is fine and dandy, but i don't eat meat.
So we called them, and they pleasantly delivered my veggie pizza free of charge.
(a) they deliver (b) they are accomodating (c) they deliver  I'm down for them!

Our last night in Vegas we decided to keep it low key as we all had early flights in the Am.
So we decided to order pizza and watch the NBA play offs in the room.
While we were at CVS we saw Joe's NY Pizza and went in and ordered two large pies.
One was the all meat pie and the other was a combo.
Seriously, the whole meat pie weighed in at about 5 maybe 6lbs.
There was AMPLE cheese and shit load of meat.
The crust was delicious and had a doughy garlicy flavor.
Needless to say we all just sat around the TV watching the game and enjoying our pizza.
I would definitely come back when In Vegas!

This was my first favorite pizza place in Las Vegas.
I was staying across from this shopping center when I interviewed for my job here, and I went to grab some pizza and a beer after my interviews.
Obviously this is NY style pizza, and it was pretty greasy.
However, the ingredients taste fresh, and the price is pretty nice, especially noting that there isn't much else as far as "fast food" in the area.
This is a usual stop of mine after any happy hour at Paradise Cantina, as the food here is good, cheap and filling.
The staff here has always been friendly, and they have to have a good sense of humor as anytime I've been here there has never been a shortage of drunk patrons.

Ugh, just tastes like a pizza made from really cheap sysco products.
Bland everything.
We ordered late; mushrooms and sausage.
I understand food doesn't travel well... but this was worse than expected.
Got the delivery ahead of schedule which was nice.
But this was one soggy, sorry, sad pizza.
Could have been a one time thing-point is it sucked.
Portion was decent but not huge.
At it's best Joe's could have been forgettable; but it's so boring that it actually sucks.

Thank god for this place!
I stayed at the Hard Rock located across the street and just wanted some good food for not big bucks!
Both times i came to Las Vegas i came here!
They have more then you typical cheese and pepperoni.
Also there portions are big and it only cost 3-4 bucks a slice.
I had pepperoni and jalapeno slice...yummm.
Also had BBQ chicken.
Cant go wrong here.

After a hefty night of drinking and partying Vegas style, my husband and I needed food to feed a terrible hangover.
Luckily as we ventured down Koval and hit Paradise Road, we stopped at CVS to get supplies and then saw Joe's - wow, we saw heaven.
Inside we were greeted with smiles from the staff and because this being our first time there, they were friendly and informative on the menu and offered suggestions on what Pizza would be best.
My husband went with a slice of the Super Meaty and I went with a staff favorite of the Hungarian Chicken.
Once bitten..  we devoured.
MMmm...
So tasty, delicious and had enough grease to soak up all the alcohol from the night previous.
It was amazingly good.
Followed with some Ice Cold Soda, we were back in business to start up again.
Overall:  Great Place away from the hustle of the strip, good pizza for the cash, and nice to meet with the locals.
We will definitely be back next time we visit - and thats frequently :)

The stuffed pizza was off the hook!

A little expensive for just some pizza, but the pizza is definitely good.
We had lunch here before our drive home, we got half super meaty and half 2x pepperoni (yes, we like meat).
Both of which were delicious and really hit the spot.
When we arrived it was empty, when we were leaving, every seat was taken, so this appears to be a pretty popular place.
One of us also got a sandwich here, and the thing is gigantic, over a foot long and probably half a foot in diameter, it was like the size of a football.
The staff here was also very helpful and friendly, so I would definitely return if you're off the strip craving some pizza!

I can't vouch for all of their Pizzas, which are quite numerous, or any of their appetizers, which are also numerous.
But I can say that last night, the greek pizza with added sausage was absolute perfection.
It was one of those pizza's that will break your willpower to stop eating until you are absolutely, undeniably and thoroughly stuffed.
Everything was perfect, the crust, the cheese, the saltiness, the parmesan.
My tongue is getting a boner right now just thinking of it.
TL;DR = Get the Greek with sausage.
You won't regret it

I go here about once a month because i live right around the corner and it's open super late.
The food is over priced and bland but gets the job done.
Convenient for late night parties walking over from the Hard Rock.
My last trip here sealed the deal that I'd rather pop in a microwave meal and call it a night than eat at Joe's NY Pizza.

Stayed at the Hyatt Place across the street and went here a few times for my pizza fix.
All in all, it wasn't bad but not great.
I definitely enjoy the Pizza in Chicago more but what can ya do?
The slices are huge but mine had a little more sauce than what i cared for.
No big deal though.
The real standout was the calzone.
This thing is a monster.
I had it stuffed with feta cheese and again, a little more sauce than I like but thats just me being picky.
I had their chicked sandwhich and I was really not impressed with it.
It was advertised as being chicken tenders but it was actually grilled strips.
My friend and I both got one and mine tasted awful while he said his was fine.
I'd definitely try the pizza again but avoid the chicken.

Good pizza that delivers, I'm happy!
My friend purchased a Groupon deal ($15 for $30 worth of food) for this place while we stayed at Paris.
However, they cannot deliver to certain hotels (in order for hotels to promote their temporary residents to eat at their central eateries-- Paris was one of them), so we had to be creative and have Joe's NY Pizza deliver to Planet Hollywood, which was right next door.
Mary (I believe that was her name) was way helpful with our ordering and suggesting foods for us to order so that we can make the most of our deal.
We had a large pepperoni pizza, a large salad, soda, water, and chilled Starbucks frappuccino for the next day.
Delivery was $1.50 and we gave a big tip because we had the delivery guy wait 15 minutes for us as we tore through Las Vegas Blvd to meet him.
My friend and I had a deliciously filling meal at our hotel before we prepped for a night out in town.
I'm giving this place 4 stars for their wonderful service, help, and patience with us.

Not a bad 12 am in room pizza experience.
Not the greatest pizza ive ever had, but did the trick.

The staff here are unbelievably bad , they have no business working here, it makes me angry to think of all the unemployed people and then they hire these snot nosed kids to work here..they are polite to who they want to be and rude to others.
Right in the middle of my order at the counter the girl walks away and starts working on other tasks for over five minutes!!
Unreal!!
I had to yell back at her to get her to come back over, the food wasn't anything special and tasted like I warmed it up in the microwave at home, not to mention it took over 20 minutes to get a sub sandwich and a slice of pizza.
I was ashamed to be spending any of my time or money in this "business".
They need to learn the meaning of treating ALL customers with respect.

My family and I ordered food from this place when they came to visit.
While the food itself was actually not bad, my family and I were stunned with their idea of an italian sub.
We are an Italian family, from New Jersey, and have eaten lots of amazing, delicious italian food and subs.
Well... Joe's had NO IDEA how to make one.
First, they asked if we wanted mustard on the sub....(ummm what?
is this a joke?).
After saying no, they seemed dumbfounded as to why we wouldn't.
When the food finally arrived, we noticed that there was no oil or vinegar on the sub at all.
They also used lots of pepperoni(which is also not in a real italian sub) to fill the roll.
To be honest, we weren't even mad because it was funny that a place called "Joe's New York Pizza" couldn't even make a simple italian sub.
Not sure if this was maybe a joke or a one-time mishap, but it was pretty ridiculous.
I gave three stars, because like I said, the food is okay, just not authentic.

My man had to work much later than expected so our super fun night out became super fun order Joe's pizza and watch movies (which is A-OK with me).
We were both exhausted and famished.
Joe's was just the ticket.
Pepperoni pizza with a large side of ranch (my guilty pleasure).
Gotta love Joe's.

Another stop on the Pizza Bender Tour 2011 Edition, I've had this place bookmarked since last year's Pizza Bender Tour.
I was eager to finally get to try it out.
I asked for 2 Slices of Sausage Pizza, but the girl behind the counter told me that all they had was what was in front of me.....wow, this was the first time I've been told that I couldn't customize my Slice order from a Pizza joint.
OK, so I browsed the available Pizza Pies and decided to order three Slices:  Pepperoni & Jalapeno http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z3ZSar8IVAR2qIupqxMynA?select=kfLqk6iyi4eYWlLz45uuPw Meat Pie (Bacon, Sausage, Pepperoni, Ham, Meatball, on a Double Crust) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z3ZSar8IVAR2qIupqxMynA?select=69kV9XIlg2VoR8DTHSuqng Super Meaty (Bacon, Sausage, Pepperoni, Canadian Bacon) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z3ZSar8IVAR2qIupqxMynA?select=9-R9RYbmNcXlysJbumdR9g  The total damage was 14.38 for 3 slices.....which seems like a lot to me, but  I couldn't see the per Slice price anywhere on the hand written menu.....so I just paid the bill and moved on.
It was lunch time (around 12 pm) and it was beginning to get really busy, so I quickly jumped on an open table near the door.
I asked for my Slices to be "well done", so it took a few extra minutes to heat them up.
It didn't take too long before I was called.
Once I brought the Pizza back to my table, I quickly realized that I ordered too much Pizza.
I could easily eat all 3 Slices, but then I'd feel too full.
The Slices are pretty big, so consider yourself warned!
The first Slice I went for was the Meat Pie.
The Crust is much thicker than the other Slices of Pizza and the Meats are buried within a ton of Cheese.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z3ZSar8IVAR2qIupqxMynA?select=q1Ts-19RUkbAy2GEi11Ciw I liked the flavor of it although I couldn't taste the Meatballs.
The Bacon, Ham, Pepperoni, and Sausage flavors were easily identifiable and delicious.
The Double Crust was more on the edge of the Slice than throughout the Pie.
Despite wanting to eat this with my hands, I had to commit the Mortal Sin of eating Pizza and ate it with a fork because the weight of the Slice was too much for the thin Crust to bear.
Next time I'll probably just go with the Super Meaty, which is the same ingredients on their normal Thin Crust.
Next up I went for the Jalapeno & Pepperoni Slice.
Since it's NY Style Thin Crust, you have to fold this bad boy.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z3ZSar8IVAR2qIupqxMynA?select=ZiF9E3htkJ-ux6JLyyZtkg The Pepperoni was full of flavor and the Jalapenos packed a nice kick.
The Crust was nice and crispy since I asked for it to be "well done".
Last but not least was the Super Meaty.
I wasn't sure if the crust would hold up with all of that Meat on it, but it did.
The Slice was full of flavor and as I mentioned above, like the Meat Pie, I could identify every Meat on the Slice except the Meatball.
This Slice is the Thin Crust version of the Meat Pie.....very delicious.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Z3ZSar8IVAR2qIupqxMynA?select=Gx_4cQ3K4pBUBY6L9974aQ  Overall, I really enjoyed the Pizza here at Joe's.
However, I thought the prices were a bit high compared to other Pizza joints in Vegas.
I guess being so close to the Strip is a big factor.
Return Factor - 60%

I was having one of those really fat days.
I downed 2 sliders from the slider truck and was still hungry and a slice of cheese pizza sounded good.
They heated up my pizza and all, but it definitely tasted reheated.
It wasn't *bad*, but not particularly good either.
I'd rank it above Sbarro but well below Metro as far as greasy NY-style type pizzas go.

Joe's NY Pizza is a lunch spot my work team frequents.
We order for delivery or pick it up most of the time.
The food is great quality and most importantly tastes good.
I've had pizza, calzones, and panini's and they are all outstanding.
The calzone is large enough to feed a small family.
As Donald Trump says, it's uuuuge.
The only complaint I would have is that their pizza by the slice is a little pricey.
Their lunch special that has two slices of cheese pizza and a small coke is $6.74.
It's not great value in my opinion but it's also not through the roof.
For the quality of food it's worth the extra buck or two.
Two uuuge thumbs up for this place.

I've had their pizza about 5 times through a 3+ year span..
I also tried the other locatoin on Las Vegas blvd.
twice, a couple slices each visit.
For some reason, this location tasted better?!
Cumulatively, Their Pizza was Always on the Greasy side.. Thats a Major Negative for me.
Thin NY Style pizzas, Great cheese, Another spot that loads toppings, dough just the right chewiness and crust plump with a nice hint of saltiness and sweetness.
I've also tried pizzas that have this fat twisty crust, I mean Huge (Exaggerated) and it was delicous!
Either eat it on its own or dip it in some marinara, pizza sauce or ranch..   My Experience: All PIzzas   - cheese, pepperoni, mushroom, sausage and a mix of each mentioned.
Their prices are quite expensive and pizza Greasy as mentioned.
On a positive note,  they do bundle up the toppings and I believe they use "Grande" (high quality) mozarella cheese.
Delivery was always quick and if your a pizza a fanatic, this place is worth a try..

This was a rare night that I got to actually meet up with my man and have a bite to eat (its convention season, spring break and March Madness...so we are a bit busy at work).
I was CRAVING Joe's pepperoni pizza, large ranch and a rootbeer...so he graciously obliged (he saw the hunger in my eyes and who doesn't love late night pizza?).
It was just what I needed to unwind from a crazy night .
It was perfectly soft and crispy at the same time and their ranch is unparalleled.
I was a supremely happy camper plus it was nice to get to be with the ones you adore.
Thank you Joe's for making my night much better.

I was pretty satisfied with our pizza.
We ordered a pizza to go after a long day at a conference and it was pretty good.
We got half hawaiian w/jalepeno and half vegetarian and a green salad.
The slices were huge!
and really tastey.
The salad toppings were genric but the ranch dressing was awesome!
Pretty good prices, especially in Vegas, food is so expensive here!
You gotta try Joe's NY Pizza!

Honestly the pizza is a little bit underwhelming.
I used to come here frequently just for the convenience factor and the fact you can buy pizza by the slice.
I always seemed to get the same girl helping me, and she had pretty much zero personality.
Now with a Capriotti's next door, I won't be coming back here.
If you are around the strip and in the mood for some pizza, go to the Pizzeria at The Cosmopolitan.

This place has something called the meat pie.
Seriously?
Are you hungover at the Hard Rock and need some fuel before you hit up Rehab and show off all the veins on your abs, and how perfectly those Ed Hardy shades compliment your chiseled jaw line?
Then head over here for a slice of meat pie.
Or just a slice of anything.
Delicious pizza and a wide variety.
Only dropped a star because the service time seems a little slow even when there's not many people inside.

This is the perfect place to grab a quick slice of pizza.
Whether you're hung over or have a craving for pizza this is a good place to go.
I really like that they have 2 locations (one off of Warm Springs and LV Blvd and the Paradise location).
We've gone in for pizza by the slice and have ordered ahead for the full meal.
They have chicken wings, salads, and calzones.
I really like their Chicken and Pesto Pizza.
Another favorite is the Barbeque Chicken Pizza!
As always, you can't go wrong with cheese or pepperoni!
PS:  Get a side of their ranch...dip your pizza in it!
It's the best ranch ever!
Love it!

Best pizza in the world?
No.
Good enough (and I'm picky about my pizza)?
Yes.
I'm not saying you should walk here from the Strip, but if you're staying at the Hard Rock or nearby, and want to grab a slice, just walk across the street.
Reasonably priced, quick service, nice guy at the counter.
There is pizza next door at some new place that opened but that's a more upscale restaurant-type place.
Tons of taxi drivers, locals, tourists, even a few families were packing the place.
Open late.
Note - they used to deliver to the Hard Rock but are no longer allowed to (a note at the counter for staff says they will be arrested if they come on site.
Seriously?

BEST PIZZA IN LAS VEGAS HANDS DOWN.
How do you NOT crown Joe's top pizza in LV?
Have you seen the SUPER MEATY?
It's freakin' 2 layers of delicious mouth watering meat and cheese for $25!
They delivered to my hotel, which was awesome!
My gf and I only ate 3 slices of the super meaty and we tapped out.
It was so good I literally wrapped it in plastic and drove 4 hours back home to Los Angeles to share it with my friends (well, after the weekend was over).
If you put 4 or 5 stars for a commercial pizza like the Pizzeria @ the Cosmopolitan then you don't know what pizza really is.
I still have 4 slices left in the fridge.
Food for the week!
Cheers!

While staying at the Hard Rock Hotel, I had to go to CVS and get some supplies for our hotel room.
After shopping there, I stopped by there as I was craving a pizza slice.
The lady who took care of me the first time was awesome.
I ordered a cheese slice and while there were some in the display, she offered me instead one that just came out of the oven about to be cut.
I don't remember her name but her service gets 5 stars as she hooked me up!
The second visit wasn't as good.
I got a cheese slice again and this time it was a different person at the counter and well I can taste the difference.
Their pizza overall was decent but not anything memorable.
Despite that, if we ended up at HRH again I'd still eat there if I'm craving a slice.

Another solid lunch from Joe's today.
Went with the 2 slices of pepperoni and soda lunch special.
Pizza was cooked perfect, perfect amount of pepperoni, and excellent service.
Still a very solid 4 stars while being right on the cusp of 5.
I wish they had a few more options for pizza by the slice.
Today they only had 3 pizzas made and it was 12:30.
A little more variety and I'd be inclined to up the rating.
Also, excellent job carrying Mr Pibb.
As a Dr Pepper/Pibb connoisseur I find this a necessary part of my lunch.
When an establishment doesn't offer either it just brings the whole meal down.

This place saved my wallet in Vegas!
Glad that it was right across the street from the Hard Rock because its fast, easy and cheap!

My Fav spot when I go to vegas for a Pizza crving :)...Pizzas here are big,yummy,full flavored and veryyy tasty..and the people here are cool and very friendly..I recommend this place highly ..never dissapointed here....

What a great find in Vegas right across the way from the Hard Rock, the price is right, and the food is on point, I suggest the greek salad to all you salad love rs with the feta dressing, pasta rocks, pizza bomb.

Listen, I'm not an expert at "true" New York pizza.
I've only been to Buffalo and I was 4 at the time.
If pizza is supposed to be like Buffalo, then it should be boring and cold... and have some produce on it.
Actually, my last trip to Joe's, I had a slice of greek-inspired heaven.
Feta cheese, spinach, olives, and other goodness.
But it wasn't hot.
Or warm.
It was cold.
No bueno.
So, in essence, it was still like Buffalo.
This didn't distract me, though.
I still ate the damn thing and was happy as a mosquito at United Blood Services.
I even ate half of my girlfriend's slice.
She got some massively meaty slice.
God bless carne.
All in all, this is a great option if you're getting out of the Hard Rock after heavy drinking/head banging at the Joint.
Stumble across the street and get some grub!

Don't say you are open and that you deliver until 2am if you don't.
Totally annoying.

A variety of pizza options.
They have topping combinations i would have never even imagined were possible.
Amazing customer service, very friendly and willing to work with your custom order :]

We were suppose to eat at the Sandwich place but they had no electricity I guess???
so we ended up here, it was okay, I am from Chicago so I am picky about my pizza, it was not bad but def not my favorite, I am not a fan of reheated pizza so I also am not a fan of Sbarro's either...it was across from hard rock and convenient to go to...
I had the salad too, it was a basic salad...

Joe's is a great spot for late night pizza.
It is about the closest to NY style you can find in Vegas.
I would not recommend the fried brownies.

Fantastic New York style pizza!
That's pretty much says it all.
We went back a second time and my wife went a third.
That's how good it is.
Try it yourself when in Vegas and see if it doesn't make you feel like you are in New York eating the real thing!

This place was excellent!
The pizza was a tiny bit oily, but full of flavor.
The side salad was great and we were able to enjoy a large pizza and side salad for three meals.
This place delivered promptly to our hotel as well.
Definitely worth ordering if you're tired and want a nice easy meal delivered to your doorstep.

3rd time in for a slice and disappointed each time.
Single stale lukewarm pizza slice for nearly $6.00.
Pizza looks promising if you get a whole fresh pie.
No idea what anything costs because prices aren't posted.
Unlikely to return unless drunk.

i am giving this place 3 stars because they are opened late and delivered to my house even though i was out of their perimeter.
they estimated an hour delivery time, and was there before an hour so that was good.
the "yummi-ness" of the pizza was Okay.
the pizza was really flabby, like it had to have something underneath it to stay straight and all the toppings from sliding off.
super greasy aswell.
the crust was good.
now for the bad, i ordered buffalo wings.
when i opened the box, there was no hot sauce on my chicken.
-_- super annoying.
buffalo wings are like the best part of having pizza.
and im out of hot sauce or it would have been no big deal, i could have tossed them myself, but im out.
that was a huge disappointment.
i probably wont order from them again, we usually get napolis for late night delivery, but i wanted to try other places, although i wish i would have sticken to what i know.
oh well, i guess now i know!

Love this pizza.
Always a plethora  to choose from.

After a long day on the Strip, we were hungry and tired and just wanted to eat somewhere that was still open and (hopefully) delivered.
We searched and searched all over Yelp!
to find this, which had the highest rating and was a close walk from the hotel.
Thus, we ended up here at Joe's New York Pizza.
We called in our order of a large (6 slices) with pepperoni, sausage, and onions on one half.
The person on the other end said it'd be ready in 10-15 minutes so we just watched tv some more.
We asked if they could deliver to the hotel, but they said we'd have to meet them at the entrance and not at our room.
That sucked so we opted out of delivery and just went for pick up.
Might as well.
10-15 minutes go by and we make our way towards the vicinity.
When we entered and asked for our order, the woman in the front said it'd be about 5 more minutes.
Poops.
Anyway, the pizza finally finished and I paid about $22 for pizza that was just OKAY.
I even had to pay an extra 50 cents for a thing of ranch.
The sausage and pepperoni were salty as they should be but the onions were pretty much yellow onions sliced and just thrown onto half of the pizza.
I was hoping that they'd use red onions but the yellow ones were still alright.
Oh yeah and you can tell the pizza was over oily because the oil soaked through the cardboard box and stained the bed cover at the hotel.
Hmmm....

cost about $3.78 with tax for a slice of pepperoni.
Not bad for a NY style pizza, but it's definitely NOT on that Lombardi's, Grimaldi's, or Nick's (Queens) pizza level.
It's gotta be that NY water that makes that REAL NY PIZZA.

LOVE this place!
The service is always great and so is the food.
I've had pizza in NYC and I think this is the closest in Vegas that you're gonna get!
So far, anyway.
Definitely check it out!

When you feel hungry but don't feel having a huge meal very late at night, why not have a slice (or two) of pizza?
I get my fix of NY Style pizza from this place even at very late night they close between 3-4am depending on the day.
We always come here around 1am for a little bite before we head back to our hotel.
It doesn't matter which hotel we stay...we drive to this place just for the pizza!

Been here twice in one week, and both times I had a consistently good piece of pizza.
It is no secret that pizza is one of my favorite foods, but what I have recently discovered is, I may have converted from a Chicago style lover to NYC style lover, could it be old age?
Who knows....I didn't come in with any expectations, but I was hungry, so I ordered 2 slices, one Hawaiian (my favorite) and one lasagna (yes, lasagna pizza) there were about 8 different types of pizza to choose from, which were all pre-made, and then ran through oven to warm them up.
I was surprised how good they tasted for being pre made, they weren't greasy either.
Props for having ranch dressing too.
They also have sandwiches and salads.
I gave a solid 3 stars, I can't give pre made pizza 4 or 5 stars, because it can't go up against the likes of Metro pizza or Dom's, but I can see this place being busy on late nights after all the drunks stumble out of the Hard Rock looking for food.

It was a Friday night and we chose Joe's because it was one of the few pizza places that was open late and we wanted to avoid the post-Marquee long lines at Secret Pizza Place at the Cosmo.
Unfortunately, I wish we would have stuck to Secret Pizza.
Yes, we only had to wait 15 mins for our whole pizza order but our Manhattan Loaded pizza was..eh.
The pizza was saturated in fat and soaked thru our paper plates and the dough in the middle of the pizza didn't seem cooked enough because it stuck to the pizza box and our slices collapsed whenever we grabbed one to eat.
In addition, one whole pizza at Secret was cheaper than a whole large pizza at Joe's.
Overall, I don't think I will be coming back.

Finally tried this place tonight when I found out Mr. Lucky's got rid of their AYCE prime rib special.
I had a slice of the lasagna pizza for just under $5.
Pretty tasty, and the guy Robert behind the counter was super friendly and was enjoying his night.
Hit the spot.

I used to really love this place but now I am just disappointed.
I came in a few days ago after a meeting with some friends from UNLV.. Coming in I noticed that the prices had gone up.
You can easily spend over 10bux on 2 slices and a drink, but thats ok cause they have pizza here they don't have anywhere else.
I ordered a lasagna and pepperoni sausage, while my friends ordered Hawaiian (yuck imo) and a few other kinds.
I also got a side of ranch which costs 50 cents.
I do not understand why some places charge for ranch, I mean their pizza is already so expensive that you think they could afford to give away a tiny container of ranch for 50 cents.
Maybe its because everybody asks for it and it gets expensive but really?
I am already spending 10bucks, why not throw in a ranch?
/endrant  Anyways we get the pizza and it is just mush.
The pizza is soggy and soft.
I asked them if they could make it crispier but I really think they put it in the microwave to spite me.
This place used to be awesome, but now its just a quick 24hr stop by if your hungry.
I'd recommend the Pizzaeria at Cosmo any day over this place.

Its just a little pricey 4.00 plus a slice, buy the big pie..........its more reasonable.
They have a slice punch card if you buy by the slice.
Inside is very casual almost truck stop so I get mine to go.
EASY parking.
which is great.
Pizza is my kids favorite I have to order extra for breakfast.

I'll admit the pizza is decently good.
Not the best but not bad.
Good enough to eat when you are drunk from the Rebels winning a basketball game at the T&M.
Of course I had to try it sober so I hopped in yesterday and ordered a slice and a small soda.
$7 later I'm sorry to say it was not what I expected.
The pizza was still decently good but the slice I got for $3.15 was tiny to say the least.
I think it took all of three bites to finish (crust and all).
I'll be back when I'm drunk from a Rebel game, but sober no way not at that price.

I called to make a pick up order.
The person on the other end was great on taking the order.
I ordered 3 large specialty pizzas and two salads.
I arrived and the order was just about ready and the staff was very helpful to ensure I had salad dressings (4) that I ordered, asked if I needed plates, cheese, peppers.
I got back to the office and every one was impressed with the size, quality but mostly the delicious taste!
My favorite is the white pizza topped with freshly thin slice tomatoes!
Now I know when I want a slice I can whip in on my way home to take-out.
Yumm

I love their Pizza but the web site will make you wish for Papa Johns,  It is a mess, after having to download an app that I don't want.
and jumping through a bunch of hoops the web page crashed, so you do it again right, Same results.
Haven't been back for 3 months.
No interest

Ordered Caprese Panini as the Hawaiian pizza wasn't available.
I like it!...I always have the pizza here, my first time to order the panini.

Decent slice of pizza.
I went there on lunch one day since I work at UNLV.
I had their buffalo chicken pizza and a side salad.
The salad was pretty tasty and although I wish that they made their own salad dressing opposed to just giving me a packet of Newman's (although Newman's is very tasty).
The buffalo chicken was just standard.
It needed a little bit more buffalo sauce to be able to taste the buffalo chicken flavor.

its OK. the last time i was in there i got chicken wings and fries.
the Fry's were burned and the wings were OK. not impressed the food... time to get some tums...

Mehhhh.
Maybe it's my fault (ok, it's completely my fault) for ordering the heat-attack slice from hell.
Pepperoni, ham, sausage and bacon layered between bread and a hearty helping of cheese topped with more bacon, but it was a bit too much.
Difficult to eat and just tasted like salty grease.
I've eaten a meatlovers before but this slice....I don't know....it just didn't taste good.
Which is saying alot because bad pizza is still pizza.
I'll have to go back and try one of their less meatier slices.

I've been to many pizza places, but Joe's, by far, is my favorite.
There are so many varieties of slices, it seems like they always have a new one, I haven't tried before.
The staff is very friendly, the place has a simple yet inviting ambiance.
Every time I go to Hard Rock Hotel on Paradise, I'm sure to stop by for a quick bite.

This place is located across the street from Hard Rock Hotel.
We weren't all that hungry since we had an enormous breakfast earlier in the day, but I new that I would be out late (early AM) for a GNR show, so we decided to get a slice here.
The ambiance is very modest.
There are maybe 5-6 tables, plastic forks and knives, serve yourself drinks, you get the picture.
The pizza was just ok, not terrible, but certainly nothing to rave about.
$15 for 3 slices, one cheese, one pepperoni, and one meat combo.
The best thing was the thin crust.
Other than that the toppings and pizza in general were just average.
There are, however, entertaining posters on the walls that are worth a look.

It is a bit scary when you walk in and see the old pizza sitting there.
It feels like it has been there for more than a day.
But when you order it up and they heat it up in their oven, the magic comes alive.
By the time it is thrown on a plate heading for my belly you completely forget its almost wax like pre-oven state!
Great ingredients, funny attitudes of the people who work there and some funky signs to keep your attention during the wait.
Goods.

Best pizza in Vegas!!
I recommend the thin crust meat lovers...

I can't believe they have the balls to call this "New York pizza.
" Tastes like frozen crust and for the price you're better off buying a DiGiorno.

MUST stop by here every time I am in Vegas.
Great big slices and the prices are pretty good as well.
Not in the best neighborhood, across from Hard rock Hotel but damn good pizza maybe the best in Veags

I got into my hotel after a whole day of traveling and having nothing to eat, so I was starving.
I basically went onto yelp and chose the pizza place that had the best deal/reviews/veggie options that delivered.
Joes came up (out of a good 10+ other pizza joints in the area!
), so I went with them.
I called them, made my order, and it was done.
I was kind of suspicious that they didnt mention what the price was going to be, but I figured that a two topping veggie pizza couldnt be that expensive.
The delivery boy showed up to my hotel room pretty promptly, but the bill was for over $25!
I couldn't believe it, thats more than twice what I regularly pay back home (in Los Angeles mind you, where nothing is cheap!
), so I was very disappointed there.
The pizza was pretty good though, but I dont think I would ever pay that much for a pizza again if I can avoid it!
Next time I'll just walk around the corner to the other pizza place and give them a try.

this place is amazing.
stoped here and got the 19 inch buffalo chicken pizza.
the whole pie cost me around 25 bucks.
the chicken was amazing.
huge chunks of real chicken.
just the right blend of cheese and sauce too.
seeing how its only a 5 minute walk from my place.
i will be back

Just across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel.
Open 24 hours.
Loved the Hungarian Pizza - comes with chicken, sour cream, onions (must try if you love sour cream!).
However, this large slice cost me $4.60.
If you're drunk and hungry, cost doesn't matter!
Feed your drunk taste buds!

It's not bad.
Not the best pizza in town.
It is good in a pinch and I would recommend if you are in the area.
I would not really go out of my way for it though, to be honest.
The staff was friendly enough.

Las Vegas, zwei Uhr Nachmittags, ich bin komplett verkatert und auf der Suche nach Nahrung.
Joes Pizzeria liegt gleich neben meinem Hotel und da wird nicht lang gefackelt sondern gleich mal eine ganze Pizza bestellt.
Nach 15 Minuten Wartezeit kommt das Ding auf den Tisch und es ist gleich mal klar, dass es kein besseres Kateressen geben könnte, denn die Pizza sieht aus als wäre sie in Öl getränkt worden.
Das Fett spritzt beim Reinbeisen richtig weg, aber es schmeckt wirklich einmalig.
Ich mag amerikanische Pizza nicht wirklich, aber das muss eine der besten (und DIE ungesündeste) sein, die ich je hatte.

A great "cheap" meal while in Vegas.
Tired of paying the exorbitant prices on the strip and in the hotel?
Drive a couple blocks to Joes and have a great slice of pizza!
We've been coming here over the last couple years as one of our meals while in Vegas (usually the first night when we fly in) as there is a CVS right next door and we pick up water, snacks and other essentials before we head to the hotel.
On this most recent trip, I got the meat pie and my wife had the Hawaiian slice.
Both were really good and served up hot.
We also split a garlic cheesy bread which was pretty much a big ass pizza with only garlic and cheese.
Overall great pizza and a decent price.

Very good pizza by the slice.
It's located conveniently across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino and is a perfect spot for a late night snack because it stays open well past midnight which makes this place a key spot when you've been to a concert at the Hard Rock.
The night I stopped by, the line moved quickly and the service was friendly.
There is plenty of seating, both inside and outside along the sidewalk, where they have additional tables.

I LOVE these people.
I'm from NYC on a business trip, and in NYC ordering take out is an art form.
I've had some difficulty finding restaurants to deliver to my hotel room during my stay in Vegas.
But not Joe's!
I've ordered from them two nights in a row (with probably a few more to come) and each time it's been no muss no fuss and the food is GREAT.

HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!
I had a loyalty card that I had been saving for over a year and the manager would not accept it because he claimed the stamps were from a stamp he didn't use.
I had never seen him there before but he claimed that "in all the time I have worked here, we have never used this stamp.
" I will never go back again, have already posted about this to my over 500 Facebook friends, and will contact their corporate office with my complaint.
How dare they imply that I had been lying with my stamp card.
What losers.
The pizza's not even that great.
Greasy and dry.

Pretty good pizza, New York style, the people behind the counter are not the friendliest.

The caprese panini is delicious and I would order that again.
The pizza though, which is the main thing here - meh.
Overpriced, stingy with the toppings and a crust that is nothing special (actually, too thin).

Food was great!
We went there two days in a row during our visit in Vegas!
I got the Garlic Knots without Parmesan cheese and it was so good!
Definitely going here again.

These guys are probably the best pizza you will get in vegas that delivers.
I usually just stop by and grab a slide to go.
Its rather cheap for Vegas and its a good pizza.
They deliver fast also.

Best Damn pizza in Vegas I've ever had!
Not even a mile from the flamingo and right across the street from the hard rock.
I had to wait to check into the westin and was craving a slice of real authentic pizza and by chance I found this little place.
I got a mushroom and pep slice and a pepsi and it turned my whole day around.
I had another whole pizza delivered later that night to our room however I wasnt as impressed with the lasagna pizza.
But because of the earlier order this place still gets a 4

Great pizza.
As others have said its off strip, yet close to the hard rock.
I'm a local and always bring my NY clients here to show them just how great Vegas pizza is.
Havn't had a single one not be impressed.
There is limited seating inside and some seating outside.

Awesome lil pizza place right across the street from Hard Rock hotel.
Solid pizza.
Had the meat lovers which the cheese is melted on top of the toppings.
$13 bucks for 2 slices & a bottled soda.
Slices are larger than normal places so you get your monies worth.
Open pretty late for it being off the strip, til 4am on most days.
Seating is limited.
Def worth checking out!

We ordered half Hawaiian half Chix bacon ranch.
The guy taking the order over the phone had some trouble.
We asked for no BBQ sauce but it came with.
The pizza was large, bursting with flavor and tasted fresh.
I wouldn't call this true NY pizza however..
The crust was pretty doughy and not traditional thin and crispy.
The prices were decent.
A good value right off the strip.

Pizza options aren't the greatest in Vegas, but Joe's is okay.
Delivery dude was cool, but pizza was 15-20m late (we were down the road like 0.25mi) and luke-warm by the time we got it.
Also, it taste like they use provolone cheese, which some people don't mind, but I really prefer mozzarella pizza.
Also $24 for a a couple topping large provolone-based pizza seems high?
How is this "$" and not "$$"?

By far the best pizza in Las Vegas.
More variety than anywhere else and the quality of the crust and sauce is actually on par with New York City.
A lot of places say New York Pizza but this place actually means it.

Good pizza and wings delivered to our hotel in a reasonable amount of time.
The jalapeño poppers were good also.

Good pepperoni pizza and their gourmet grilled chicken salad is really good and large.

When ever I am in the area I stop by for a slice.
Huge variety of by the slice pizzas.
Always served hot and fresh.
The parking is easy also.

I live way too close to New York to say this is New York  pizza, but the pizza tasted better than most places in Las Vegas.
The reason I like New York style pizza is because of the NY water used to make the crust.
This is impossible to replicate if they use water from Las Vegas.
Other than that the toppings, cheese and sauce were perfect.
The staff were so friendly and the signs on the wall are fun to look at when I was waiting.

My wife and I liked this place.
We needed a quick bite to eat before we went to the outlet mall to do some shopping and this place was just what the doctor ordered.
We ordered a couple slices and we loved it.
Quick service good pizza.

The best pizza in Las Vegas.
My boyfriend and I was on our way to joes and on our way in saw a guy drop his whole pizza.
The lady at the counter was so nice she offered to give them another whole pizza.
Wow great service, affordable, and amazing food.

Meh... Average pizza to me.
Ordered a slice of cheese, and nothing special could have went to sbarros for the same thing.
Can't say anything about the other food items but I would expect the same quality.
Staff was somewhat welcoming, after our order was completed they all huddled to the back and conversed amongst each other.
Gentleman who served me warned me that the pizza was hot, but it was barely warm.
Drink prices are outrageous for the sizes, and the tea machine didn't even function.
Just poured water out.
Also, there are no prices posted of anything, besides the drinks.
All in all, the likely hood of me eating here would be either it's the only place open at the time, someone else is buying, or I'm drunk and any pizza sounds good.

Great service!
Great pizza!
We called yesterday, to ask for delivery today at precisely 11am for an office party of 16 people  (Howard Hughes Pkwy area).
Miguel, was very helpful on the phone and fun to talk with - and he made a point to tell me we should really be sure to try them because they have "the best pizza in Las Vegas".
He was right - it was delicious!
We ordered the Humungous Meat Pie (it's huge!
), and the Tomato, Garlic, Basil pizza - both were very good.
The Buffalo salad was great too!
And the Zeppoles were a nice sweet treat to have after eating the pizza.
Miguel delivered the pizza to us himself (on time!
) - and he was just as fun and friendly in person.
Overall I would certainly rate them at the top of my list of "best pizza in Las Vegas" :-)

Great pizza.
Had the one with pepperoni, roasted red peppers, and goat cheese topping.
The goat cheese on the pepperoni made me happy.
The crust was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside to leave me with a pleasant mouth feel.

Maybe a little better than Sbarros but definately not authentic NY pizza

The pizza is good and so is the service.
They definitely got the New York style right.
The big slices are perfect for folding!

Terrible pizza, bad sandwiches, bad sides.
The ingredients are the lowest quality and cheapest they could get.
Everything from this place is out of a can, jar or package.
If you want bad pizza, this is your place.
I'm stunned at the positive reviews.
I hope that some of the folks who gave this place five stars actually stumble upon a real piece of pizza at some point in their lives.
It will be quite a shocking revelation for them.

Great DELIVERY choice on the strip!
It took apprx 35-45min from order to lobby for my pizza to arrive :)  I went with a 12in White Spinach Pizza ($14.24): Pepperoni, Mozzarella, Spinach, Ricotta & Fresh Garlic.
Pretty good!
Wish it was a bit heavier on the garlic, but the pepperoni and spinach were great.
I am sure I will order from them again.
Great choice if you want to eat in your room :)

Love it love it.
Huge cheesy calzones...extra jumbo spicy wings.
Got a white pizza added chicken it was amazing!
Fast delivery .
Very pleased .we will be using this spot for delivery again soon.

If you're in Vegas you should probably head over to Joe's and check it out.
VERY GOOD New York style pizza.
I like that you can order pizza by the slice and that they are super big.
You only need 1 or 2 slices in order to be really satisfied.
The only downside that I can see is the staff.
Not very nice.
I mean, it's NY style pizza, so that sort of comes with the territory, but it would be nice if they'd pay a little closer attention to what you're saying.
They take your order and then just sort of say "pepperoni" when it's ready.
Anybody could really just walk up and take your slice.
Not a great system.
However, the food is great.
Check out this great slice of pizza just off the strip!

I love pizza and Joe's New York Pizza sure delivered what I expected.
The spinach ricotta pizza was delicious.
The chunks of ricotta was just enough and the spinach had flavor.
I also ordered buffalo wings.
Although there were more drummettes than wings, it was still good.
The only reason why I gave 4 stars vs 5 is because I also ordered their garlic knots which were not that great.
They fill the knots with pesto which was extremely oily and sickening.
I wish I passed on the knots and just stuck with the pizza.

The best cheese pizza ever!
Ordered the humongous Super Cheesy pizza.
BOMB and it was huuuuuge!

I've been to Joe's quite a few times over the last two years being that I work in the area.
Service and food quality has been in a steady decline to the point where it's at now.
Let's get started.
Pizza at Joe's: The main attraction to the monster!
Joe's prides itself in its pizzas and has won 'awards' for just that.
The display is usually filled with pizzas which they pop a piece from and toss in the oven for a nice hot slice.
However long the pizza sits out is anyone's guess, supply and demand I suppose.
But let's be honest here for a second, the pizza is sub par.
About one step above fast food pizza, there's just nothing that makes it a must have gourmet experience.
Ingredients are decent quality, very little actual food magic is happening in regards of making the pizza taste good.
It's dough, sauce and cheese with toppings.
This is ever more apparent with the appearance of Naked City Pizza that just down the street from Joe's.
Where you'll pay a bit more to enjoy some quality pizza.
Not the same thing you've had everywhere else...
This ingredient theme runs rampant throughout the entire menu.
Chicken fingers are coated with over salted bread crumbs.
Their alfredo pasta is plagued by an oily sauce that barely adheres to itself, let alone the sauce or chicken.
Jalapeno poppers, mozarella stick, chicken salads.
You name it, the quality is all the same, and it's sub par.
If you're looking for a CHEAP place to spend money and eat pizza, this is it.
The place is just that, cheap.
I don't know whom they fed pizza to in order to win any awards but any adult with a functioning and understanding pallet will be let down by this place.
Customer service has only ever been an issue in regards to messing up orders, and they do this A LOT.
Multiple times have I ordered their chicken wings, tenders, etc.
and requested certain sauces on the side.
At one point I ordered chicken wings with hot sauce and hot sauce on the side.
I ended up getting chicken wings with no sauce on it and only a cup of ranch on the side.
Just today I had ordered chicken tenders with sauce on the side, and instead got it on my chicken tenders.
2 out of 5.
If you're ok with a quick bite to eat on the go, enjoy Joe's.
With Naked City Pizza having just opened up down the street from this location (next to the Hofbrauhaus) i'll be recommending them instead.
Review to come soon.

Joes pizza is real authentic New York Pizza.
He uses the correct ovens that have the stone he doesn't use the conveyor belt ovens  like dominoes and little Caesars the pizza is very good that's all I had was the pizza so that's what I'm rating..The  Employee that took my money was friendly and the place looks pretty clean

I usually don't write reviews but this pizza was so bad I had to , I see so many good reviews it makes me wonder if New York has good pizza at all , first off almost every pizza had pepperoni on it , second the pizza on display was cheese and was completely dried out , looked inedible , so I ordered sausage and I don't know what happened but I got a slice of cheese pizza with sausages sitting on top not melted or incorporated in the slice , 2 slices cost $10.40 or something close , I wanted something different so I went there , but you know what ... just go to Pizza Hut.

This place has the best pizza!
The people are usually nice & helpful.
We live near Nellis AFB so this place isn't close to us but we come on this side of town just for the pizza!
Wish they would open up a shop over close to us!
That would be awesome!
(Hint, hint) ;)

Had Joe's food many times.
Mainly take out and delivery.
I have to say the pasta is some of the best in Las Vegas and I'm comparing it to some of the best Italian restaurants in town.
Pizza is really great if you like a thin NY crust.
Hand made with REAL ingredients WITH AN EMPHASIS ON REAL CHEEEEEEESSSSSSEEEE.
Let's not forget the sauce: simply fabulous: tip: order extra sauce!
This is not a Pizza Hut, Domino's, Little Caesars etc.
and thank God!
Delivery: Only takes 20-40 min.
Drivers are clean, pleasant and seem to actually care about what they do.
Give them a great TIP if you use delivery.
Restaurant is small, simple and clean.
Quick service from people who give a %$# about the food they serve.
Not far from Strip, across street from Hard Rock.
Definitely worth the trip or delivery.

Pizza is awesome.
Service is not as awesome.
The last time I was there the lady at the cashier was very rude.
This place needs friendlier ppl working there.

Not NY pizza.
Not using true pizza oven.
Bad service.
Ignored by punks at counter.
Will never be back.
Attention owner:  why is your business not growing.
Answer weak team and you are not there running it.

Best pizza in town.
Went to four different types of pizzerias in the last two days.
It's crispy, sauce is tasty, dough is crunchy and not bland.
The cashier guys are awesome  Highly recommend it!

$15 for 3 slices and a large soda.
Mediocre pizza.
Soda was good.
Service was fine.
You decide if it's right for you.
I won't be back.

I was raised and still live in NYC and this pizza in no way, shape, or form, resembles that of an NYC pizza.
The pizzas are decent though, although the crust is amongst the worst I've ever had.
The subs aren't so great either, worst of all is the caprese sub.
The appetizers are very good and the salads are decent.
Can't really complain for a place that's open late and delivers.

BEST place for pizza!
Came here after a whole day at REHAB on a Sunday and after walking around like seemed like forever inside the hard rock hotel- finally found a guy to locate us in the direction of food, specifically pizza, which I was craving.
(All of hard rocks food closed at around 6 & what was open seemed to cost am arm and a leg for something half that price back home!
)  Boy was I glad we left the hotel, and although quite drunk, we managed to hop tipsily on over to this little strip mall next to a sports bar and a sushi place and boy was I surprised!!
Best pizza ever!!
DELICIOUS!
I walked right in- spent about $5 for a slice of pizza that would put costcos to shame and my taste buds were doing a dance of glory!
The tomato basil was to die for!- thin crust, freshly tasting basil with yummy marinara and the perfect blend combined.
It was SO good we told out friends who we came back with like an hour later and every single person who walked in seemed to either be a local and know the spot or were told the same thing by someone else and were thoroughly impressed.
I even had their fettuccini Alfredo the second time and it was almost better than Olive Garden!!
This place seems to be a place in New York or the Bronx (not that I've ever been) but this is a little hole in the wall- Italian pizzeria and whoever joe is- let me tell you!!
You got some great food!!
I WILL be back!
Ciao!

