Our med school arranged the 2nd year students to take BLS and ACLS courses here.
This review is only on the BLS course.
I have yet to take the ACLS course.
I took the BLS course and I thought it was well organized and well taught.
I feel confident to do CPR in an emergency situation now (don't plan on dying on me though).
We followed the American Heart Association's instructional video and in between lessons our teachers reinforced and emphasized important concepts.
Also, the CPR mannequins were in great condition and well maintained.
I didn't hesitate when I had to breath air into them.
They probably had less bacteria then a real human being!
NOTE: The location is a bit hard to find, especially if you're planning on taking a night course.
They send out an email with directions but I found it confusing so I used Google Maps navigation instead.
It took me to the main building without any problems.
From there, I followed the suite numbers listed on the doors for exact suite location.
Hope that helps!

My company refers CMC all the time because Scott Lamprecht, the owner and his wife and whole team are always well-reviewed by the nurses we send over there.
They are easy to talk to, prompt, professional and flexible.
In addition every nurse we've sent there over the years have consistently provided us excellent feedback with regards to their class and instructorship style.
Moreso, our company needed a special certification class that we had a hard time finding around time for our nurses and they helped us all the way, finding an instructor and giving us a fair price on the class.
All the way, two thumbs up; I recommend them with great confidence.

Amazing classes and care!
In one place!
Dr. Scott is knowledgeable, compassionate and willing to help.
I appreciate his company and their schedule of licensing classes.
I know if I have a certification due and my organization has failed to over it, I can take it at CMC.
Awesome classes taught by knowledgeable professionals.

I used Complete Medical Consultants for the 1st time last week.
I called in the afternoon and Scott called me back within 10 minutes.
We discussed my son's health and determined he needed to be seen.
I received a next day appointment.
The visit took 20 minutes and only cost $40!!
No deductibles - No insurance forms...No waiting 2 weeks to see the Doctor.
Office is very clean with prompt and helpful attention to the patient.

