Coffee, good and free Wi-Fi, a premium in Las Vegas coffee shops.
My only complaint: it's like Antarctica inside.
Seriously, why is it sub-below freezing?
When I come to study, I have to wear double layers.
I honestly don't know how the employees can hang!
But other than that, plenty of chairs and power strip so many more laptop users can plug in =D

Free wifi, but cramped interior and completely rubbish music makes this Coffee Bean uninviting.

The Coffe Bean & Tea Leaf is one of the better chain coffee shops in town.
I personally am not a huge fan of starbucks regular coffee.
Their blended drinks are what makes them starbucks, but if you really want decent coffee you have to venture outside the norm.
Coffee bean & Tea leaf offers a nice selection of Tea & Coffee.
This particular location inside the Canyon Pointe shopping district across from Red Rock is awesome!
They have free WIFI like most coffee shops and a small, yet relaxing interior.
If you need your cup-o-joe give them a shot.

Dear CB&TL located on Charleston across from Red Rock,   Please, PLEASE get someone to Feng Shui your place, I agree with my fellow Yelper, Victoria.
The interior of your place is super cramped.
I didn't like that I was almost knocking elbows with the person at the other table, WTH?
Hugs & Kisses,  jO   I loved that they have FREE Wi-Fi, unlike that place with the mermaid in their logo, you have to have your own source.
There's a nice area to sit outside, which seems to be more comfortable than the inside, shouldn't it be the other way around?
I had the belgian waffle with nutella spread and a pomegranate blueberry iced tea, f'n d'lish.
The portion to the waffle could've been bigger but yummy nonetheless.
My tea was making my taste buds dance (ew, that's a nasty visual huh?
), I love that they have more than just 3 or 4 teas, unlike SOME places that have green straws.
I have to try the coffee at CB&TL one of these days.

Waaayy out west and across the street from the Red Rock Casino you'll find this little non-Starbucks.
Staff is friendly, coffee is good, wifi buzzes right along, space is inviting...what else do you need?
Clean bathrooms.
Check.
Drink up!

i'm sucker for coffee bean's tea-lattes.
i love that they brew their full leaf teas from the machine so the pressure and water packs full flavor, with the option of double strenghthening or diluting.
even with the option of hot or iced.
ive been here a handful of times, mostly through the drivethru.
my first time through the drivethru, it was like a labyrinth to find the entrance.
sort of funny getting lost twice.
sort of.
but one day, me and my boyfriend decided to come in and hang out inside.
the clientele looks majority,  retired, wealthy, laid back.
we enjoyed hanging out on the leather couch, and shared that divine chaitea latte.
wish the workers would have a better connection, especially since it was slow that one day, coming in.
even at drivethru.
speed of service is cool, but that extra block is better.
*wink*

I stopped by here for breakfast on my way back from a run when I was staying at the Red Rock Resort.
It was clean and welcoming inside.
The workers were really friendly and didn't seem bothered when I forgot to get a receipt for expenses and went back and asked for one.

If you have never been here, this is all you need to know: MUCHO MANGO!!!!
Yum!
If anyone knows how to make this drink, let me know.
We don't have CB & TL in Illinois and I love this drink.

My new study spot!
I just moved out to summerlin and I was looking for a new place to study...I probably do an equal amount of studying and people watching!
The staff here is friendly, the wifi is free, the drinks are good...what more is there to ask for???
:-)

After a hard morning of climbing ridges in Arizona, I stopped here just before coming home.
I decided to try their new peach blueberry latte, iced.
Wow!
What a great flavor!
I'll be back for more as the warmer weather heats things up.
This will be a great warm weather refresher!

My first Coffee Bean Experience.
Plain and simple, it's..... meh.
First, the internet isn't free.
You have to purchase something for them to give you a code.
That's not a huge deal, but come on.
It's WIFI.
The house music is terrible.
Something about skin tight jeans and being blue da be a ba da dy.
Bring head phones.
The drinks are average.
It's a small seating area with a fair number of power outlets.

There's nothing very special about this coffee bean, but the service is always quick and the prices are always fair.
The drive thru is a perk as is the outdoor seating that's available.
Too bad the outdoor furniture isn't more comfortable.
I'd probably visit more if it was.
Also note, the sun sets into this location so it gets a little warm if you're near the windows.
Shades would be nice.
Still, it's a nice option to have in Summerlin.

Get the Belgian Waffle!!!
It is delicious!!
Also they have pretty, pretty, pretty good coffee and tea.

Love the cheddar jalapeno bagel with cream cheese and a large iced tea made with Chai Black tea- not a latte though!!
I rarely stay in the store to enjoy my breakfast so I too dont mind the layout.
Whenever I come in though- they are already making my drink!!
He even remembers to give me an extra cup of ice!

I want to love this branch but I've had to ask for my drink to be remade one too many times.
Let me explain...  Let me be clear, I prefer coffee bean over Starbucks.
The taste and technique are just better.
But when it comes to consistency, this is one area Starbucks clearly wins.
I'm only speaking for las Vegas branches.
Being from socal originally I don't have a consistency problem there.
During the summer months I order only one drink, iced chai latte.
There are only two people at this branch that make it perfectly and one of them is the really sweet girl with glasses, hers are perfect!
Everyone else...eh.
It's either too watery or too much vanilla powder or too much bitter chai flavor or just plain unbalanced.
I don't get it.
Don't they have a formula to make it taste the same every time?
I feel awful having to ask for it to be remade that I have to talk myself into it.
I say to myself "If I'm paying 5 dollars for a drink, I should enjoy every sip of it.
" Anywhere I order a passion tea lemonade at a Starbucks it tastes exactly the same!
Cmon coffee bean, I'm on your side here, let's keep it consistent.
In my experience it's only been an issue with that one drink iced.
When I get it hot it's fine.
When I get other hot drinks, they're great.
Ice blended drinks taste great every time.
So it's quite frustrating to have this issue with my favorite drink!!
That said service is overall friendly, wait is a little long at times.
They never give attitude when I ask for my drink to be remade, so I thank them for that.
Here's hoping that I will one day not have to ask for a new one -_-

I love coffee places,especially ones with drive thrus, but it's still a chain.
Having said that, I will say that my teller was stellar, and the coffee I ordered (black forest blended iced coffee with whipped cream ;d) was great.
Also the wait time was short.
I was surely in and out of there.

Im not a big coffee drinker  but I love the chai blended ice.
The staff its usually quite friendly!

I love this place!
Best staff in town!!

Who doesn't love Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf?!
I have been a fan since we moved here 7 years ago.
I really like my usual black forest iced coffee.
The only reason I am giving this store a 3star is because when I come here at 5pm on a Sunday night the drive thru service is so ssllooww!!
Other than that it's all good., and yes, I will be back!

They are a nice different choice than the mainstream offers.
I had the No sugar added Non Fat Mocha Latte and a citrus muffin with a glazed topping, very flavorful muffin!
Try it for a change, and their staff very helpful and this location has a drive through!

Gotta love Coffee Bean!
Their drinks are pretty much the same at all locations.
They were nice here and have a wide variety of food for sale.
This was the first Coffee Bean I've seen with a drive thru.

Regular customers who order chocolate powder for homemade mocha drink.
I like the drive thru factor although the entrance is still confusing.
I like the passion iced tea.

Great coffee, a little strong.
The staff has always been nice, the place is always clean and very comforting to enjoy a cup of coffee

Always had great service here.
Even in the drive through.
They r always quick and courteous and remember you after only coming in a couple times.

They have good coffee here.
I am just used to Starbucks coffee.
I only stop here because it is right next to Costco.
If I had to choose, Starbucks wins.
This place will do though for a quick cup of coffee.

Love this place and I love the fact they remember me after a few times here.

I found this location while visiting Costco.
I didnt plan on getting coffee, but the line for the gas station was so long, I decided I had better get a drink so I didnt die while waiting.
I found the staff very friendly and there was ample seating.
I simply hung out on their patio until the gas line depleted in size... Then hoped in my car and  I didnt have to wait in like for 30 minutes thirsty :)

Great coffee and good food options.
They have 32 oz size as well.
Best customer service as well

I love that the Starbucks next to my house doesn't carry almond milk, BUT the Coffee Bean carries almond and coconut almond!!
Yay!!
And the staff couldn't be friendlier!

Forever boycotting this location.
Franchise-owned, doesn't accept the CBTL app rewards, doesn't brew flavored coffee after 11am, and doesn't carry quiche anymore.
After several bad experiences at this location, I'll never return.

Good coffee place...great cappuccino.
Hard to find in shopping center!
Located next to Distill bar/resto.
If u like Agave plants,  walk over to Distill and look at the beautiful agaves there while sipping ur coffee :)

Coffee at this place is always so good.
Only thing that Id say is that it takes longer to wait for a drink here compared to Starbucks.

The service here is impeccable.
There's a girl (I forgot her name) she was on her closing shift and did everything in her power to make us a drink.
Even if everything was closed up.
Her manager have her the ok and she made us our drink.
Amazing!
We tipped her well.
She didn't have to considering we caught her just as she was locking up the door.
People in customer service can learn a thing or two from her.
I will definitely be back.
The expression we had was great!
Great location, great coffee and great service.
What more can you ask for?

Service excellent!
They are friendly, courteous and always a smile.
Great neighborhood spot.
If they don't have your regular supply in for your at home coffee machine, they will make sure to order it asap.
If there's a certain kind you like they will order more of that item...at least that's been my experience.

