Ok..I had 2 totally  different experiences with this company this week.
The 1st was for our holiday family pics.
Which was me and my husband and our little one.
We walked in for the appointment and it was not very busy and they have a giant play table for the kiddo's.
Only had to wait a minute then it was our turn.
The photographer was friendly and patient with the baby.
But she kept trying to get us to do those horrible un-natural poses.
Ughhh.
I finally had to tell her we didnt like the fake poses and she didnt try it anymore.
After the session you go to a big TV to pick which ones you want.
In the middle of that our photographer left and some other guy took over and he didnt have a clue.
Very annoying since my baby was going into full meltdown mode.
I picked what I wanted very quickly and came back 30min later to pick them up.
That was nice.
So I decided since they have such a good promo going on (Its several sheets and 9 photo greeting cards for less than $10 bucks) that I would bring my grandbaby and have his pics done.
Well when I get there this time its total chaos.
The place is packed.
I check in and am told they are behind schedule.
Ok I say since they said it was gonna be 30 min.
We sit down and try to wait.
Well we waited 30 minutes only to find out it will be another 45 minutes!
Ugh!!
No way.
At this point I am getting angry.
I tell them to reschedule for the morning.
So we show up then and its the same people and they know I am not happy.
We do the shoot..they only use one room not the two that the family photos were done with.
They rushed us out and I picked the pics up 45 min later.
So they do ok as far as the pics go but they are not able to handle the holiday rush.
Dont think I will be coming back.

I was very pleased from the time I called to make an appt.
They take pretty much walk INS as long as they are not too busy.
I called at 9am and got in at 1pm which is what I wanted.
I believe it was cheryll who helped me.
She was absolutely pleasant.
She helped us with so many different poses, she was extremely patient considering I have a 2 nth old.
She even helped me with a family pose that I fell in love with when my baby fell asleep.
That turned out great.
I highly reccommend them for a family portrait experience.
They only one negative thing I could say is that it was a little bit of a long process from beginning to end only because after the shoot, u have to sit and narrow down pictures to what u like and price.
That took a bit long.
So be prepared to spend a good couple of hours easily.
But at least they tell u that from the beginning so ur informed but it was a bit long even though.
Other than that it was over all a great experience.
I'll will be back fr sure.

RUDE RUDE RUDE!
Don't waste your time going to this place.
From the time I attempted to make an appointment the employees were completely RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL and provided the worst customer service EVER!
You are in a customer service industry... try taking a class on how to properly provide excellent service to your customers without arguing with them!
After all, without customers you won't be getting a paycheck!
I was not a first time customer, have had portraits done at this location as well as in another state.
If I had been a first time customer I think I would have been turned off at the get go!
I'm not even sure if these folks are even high school graduated.
I've happily taken my business elsewhere!

My experience with Portrait Innovation was great!
The prices are stiff but the photographer took her time with the shoot and was patient with my baby boy.
We will come back for a family holiday photo this year and I will make sure to use their coupon (I didn't the last time and paid $180 ~ yikes!).
This place is much better than JCPenney on Grand Canyon.

Since the birth of our first child, we have used Portrait Innovations as our go to picture company.
Admittedly over the years things have changed, in the past the CD came with hi-res pictures and they provided much more for what you pay.
However, it is hard to beat the ability to go get pictures taken and have the pictures in hand less than an hour following your session.
Every photographer we have had has been friendly.
Bringing me to this last session.
We just move from South Carolina, where we knew the staff of the Portrait Innovations we went to very well.
Everyone was always friendly and we always had a great experience.
This time when we went in they were slammed because it was the end of a promotion and they are always slammed at that point.
The photographer and mostly everyone at the store were very friendly.
However, I will say that one of the workers, who appeared to be the manager was not friendly by any means and seemed snippy every time she was asked a question.
This should not take away from the great friendly service we had from the rest of the staff.
We are again very happy with the pictures and will go back again next year for our children's yearly pictures.

Went in very excited to have our first professional family photos taken.
The studio took wonderful pictures.
They were patient with my 6 month old and even got a lot of smiles.
But when it came time to pick out a photo package things changed.
I was told over the phone that the average package was $100 and that came with a photo CD.
In reality the $100 package is really $129 and comes with an encrypted CD so we are unable to print our own photos.
This should have been disclosed over the phone.
Very disappointed.
I feel like we got swindled.

I went in today and wanted to get my spring pictures done.
They did an awesome job with my four kids.
I loved my photographer she was so pleasant to work with.
I spent more than what I wanted but at the end I was glad I went there.

On 4/16/14 We had our "Spring" photos done here.
Our photographer (Alejandra) took most of the photos from below us which anyone knows is not flattering!
We wanted very specific poses and backgrounds but our photographer had her own ideas.
It felt very rushed and it was not busy.
In fact we were the only people there at the time.
We did settle on 9 poses and paid $226.95 for our photos.
The printed photos were ok. We were told we'd have to come back to pick up the rest of our order which included 1 - 8.5x8.5 book, 2 - 5x5 books and 1- 16x20 wall portrait.
We were told these items would be in no later that 5/2/14.
I didn't receive a call so on 5/4/14 I called the studio to inquire about the remainder of our order.
I called and spoke ot Hailey (who sid she was the Manager.
She is NOT.
The Manager's name is Bridget.
) who said she couldn't find my items and would call the printer and have them mailed directly to my home.
She said I would receive the items by May 27th!
I did get an apology for the inconvenience.
But that doesn't help the fact that our Mother's Day gifts are now delayed another 3 weeks!!
Today (5/16/14) I received the 3 books but the photos in the books are NOT what we ordered.
In fact, most of the photos are the ones we didn't want!!
And we still have not received the 16x20 wall portrait!
I called the studio AGAIN and they don't have it.
They are going to order it again and have it shipped to my home sometime in the next two weeks!!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME??
Their website advertises same day portraits..
LIES!!
Its been a month and I still don't have all of my order!
I called the corporate office and they said that FED EX lost the order and that the replacement was delayed because FED EX says 7-10 days but they actually send it to USPS and they can add an additional 8 days??
Ugh!
NEVER AGAIN!
I think it is safe to say we'll never come here again!
Just a note: We decided to go to JC Penny's to have my daughter's Graduation photos done...
They were excellent!
The photographer did not rush us.
My daughter had 4 wardrobe changes and about 50 different poses done.
We got ALL poses on a CD with rights to print all for only $109!!!
Less than half of what Portrait Innovations charged!
We received everything on time and they contacted us as soon as it arrived and the Photographer was very professional and knew what they were doing!
I find it interesting that the only positive reviews say "Google User"... makes you wonder if it was an employee who made the review.
I have talked with others who have been here and had a similar experience.

