It's hard to review something as standard as getting your eyes checked and getting new glasses, but I'm going to give it a go anyway.
This Lenscrafters is located in the Boulevard Mall off of Maryland (hello GHETTO).
But it is the closest to me and I have been a customer here since... well, since my eyesight went to shit at about the age of 19.
I had lost my glasses almost a year ago and I had not had a check-up on my eyes for about 3+ years.
It was time.
So here's one thing that ticks me off and I'm not sure if this is just Lenscrafters or if it's just anywhere you go to buy glasses: WHY are all the glasses designer labels?
I don't understand.
They are glasses!
I need them to SEE, not to make a fashion statement!
After I got my eyes all lasered and read the charts and all that jazz I went to pick out my frames.
Do my eyes deceive me?
Are all these glasses $99.95 or more?
Why yes, they are, because they are Dolce & Gabbana!
It just seems unfair to me that all the decent frames come with a symbol on them that means I have to pay upward of $70 markup.
All of the frames that are not designer labels are horribly ugly.
Anyway, I did find a decent pair and the customer service with getting them ready for me was fine.
My mother and I browsed the mall for the 30-mins it took for them to make my glasses.
Overall the customer service was good.

Great location, at the mall of course.
I understood it was a busy day but the technician that did the pre-exam was very thorough, knowledgeable and very friendly.
Although it is located at the Boulevard Mall, this office is in no way ghetto in action, shape or form.
The team that seels the eye glasses next door are just as professional.

I've been going to see the docs over at LensCrafters in the Boulevard Mall for quite a few years now.
At one point I decided to go find a different doctor.. one more 'upscale' I suppose.. well, I went to a Dr. Ohriner, who has a pretty big reputation in this town, and he was terrible.
Snarky, uncaring, and I wound up leaving with a pair of glasses that were ill prescribed.
I was getting headaches!
I complained and was told that I'd have to pay for another office visit if I wanted the prescription revised.
Needless to say, I resumed going to the docs over at LensCrafters.
Most recently, my son and I both saw Dr. Thumm.
He was GREAT.
He treated us both kindly and we're very happy with our prescriptions.
He was patient in going over the results of the various tests and talking with me about macular degeneration.
Overall - very happy with this office.

I made an online appointment for my son, in which I entered lots of information including my insurance carrier and the group and member number.
I mistakenly assumed that they would use this information to pre-verify coverage.
When I arrived (after taking my son out of school early) nothing had been verified.
After waiting 40 minutes I was informed that the computers were down, so the coverage could not be verified at that time.
A made another appointment and asked that they please call me to let me know that the insurance was verified.
No one called me!
Why would they ask you for your insurance information in advance if they aren't even going to verify it?

I do not give 5's on reviews.
If a 4.5 were possible, that is the score I would have given.
Especially for the Doctor's side of this location.
Everyone I dealt with on the doctors side was friendly and knowledgeable.
I went as a walk-in with no appointment, and probably waited at most 45-60 minutes.
All of the equipment is state of the art.
I decided to buy my contacts here, but there was no pressure put on me at all.
In fact, I asked to take my prescription so I could search for the best price, and the office manager said that would not be a problem.
For the exam, I had Dr. Kim.
She was nice, professional and did a v ery good job of explaining everything to me.
I would definitely recommend this location for people that are considering Lenscrafters.
Both the doctro's side, and the Lenscrafters side for purchasing glasses.

