I've used Warren's Homework three times now and have been totally satisfied.
You always hear of horror stories when you have to move and furniture etc.
gets damaged.
These people know what they are doing and get the job done professonally and timely.
And if they damage something, they pay to fix it.
The first time I used them to move I had my items in a storage unit and a large framed art broke.
Well the glass broke.
The guy didn't know it was inside a moving blanket I had and he picked it up before I could say anything.
They didn't hesitate and payed to have the glass replaced.
That was the only incident and I've used them two more times after that.
As with any move, the more you plan ahead and pre-pack, the less it will cost you.
Warren's Homework has large nice trucks with all the equipment you can imagine.
They bring wardrobe boxes so you don't have to mess with the closet.
I've been so impressed with them and it's family owned and they do aim to please.
I've heard so many bad things about other moving companies, and I was so fortunate to have found them for my moving needs.
Lets face it, moving puts everyone in a major FUNK.
At least this company makes it less painfull.

My mother referred this place to me, and I can honestly say that they did a wonderful job.
They showed up early, and didn't bill us for the extra few minutes.
Their staff were courteous and helpful.
They provided wardrobe boxes that were free as long as you emptied them by the time they were done being contracted.
They also shrink wrapped everything that could open, to prevent both damage to the furniture and themselves.
Will definitely use again, and will most definitely refer to anyone looking for a moving company.

Tried Warren's Homework after good reviews from a few yelpers.
Thanks for the heads up!
2 professional young men (did i say strong) showed up on time and moved me from an upstairs 2 bedroom condo into my new 1-story home all in about 3 hours!
They have a 2-hr minimum.
I never once saw them dragging their feet.
With gigantic rolls of saran wrap they sealed dresser drawers shut and moved 4 and 5 boxes at a time on a dolly.
They even unhooked my washer and gas dryer for me.
They were so appreciative for an unexepected tip.
Will use them again if i ever plan to move!

I blame Yelpers for the best moving experience of my life, having called Warren's Homework under the Yelpian influence.
My last move, which took place a year ago, was also an interstate move, was a terrible experience that I was disinclined to repeat, hence the research for a good mover.
(Not only did that mover jack me for $1500 over the estimate, but the movers stole a laptop and shattered the contents of two entire boxes, one of Grandma's crystal and one of my children's pottery.
)  The gentleman who did the estimate was true to his word, and there were no hidden expenses, nor any sort of hijacking of my stuff once it was halfway to California.
The movers themselves, Joel and Marvin, did an excellent job.
They were thorough, professional, and efficient, all with a friendly, helpful manner.
Joel hooked up my washer and dryer without my even asking.
They were so gentle that not one wine glass was broken.
In fact, there was no damage to any of my things.
If I had to move again, I would definitely call Warren's, and I would ask for the same movers.
Thank you, Yelpers, and thank you, Joel and Marvin--and to Warren, for making it all possible.

Moved in Oct09 intrastate ...and thanks to Yelp had found this company!
Great movers - not a scratch on any item!
True to their estimate and well worth it.
If I ever move again (which I don't hope to for a long long time) would use them again.
Recommend Warren's Homework to everyone I know looking for a good, dependable and honest moving company.

These guys are freaking amazing.
Fast, efficient (no time wasted, no lagging around), good people with funny, cool personalities.
How often do you see THAT in a mover, much less expect it?
They'll even set things up for you to the point where I thought I lost some fixtures, but it turned out that the guys had already fully installed everything.
I don't plan to move again, but I'll gladly recommend these people to others.
Not ONE thing was broken or out of place.
How cool are these people?
I'm inviting them to the housewarming party whenever I finally get everything settled in.
I not only got cool movers, I've made new friends.
My back and I thank these wonderful marvels of moving science, sorcery, and technology.

Moving in Vegas can be a PAIN!
But these guys were professional, on time, fair and F-A-S-T!
Nothing was damaged.
They set up everything I wanted on the other end also.
No hangovers, no yacking to waste time.
Just WORK, WORK, WORK!
They don't even take a break until they get in the truck to head to the destination to unload!
Their break is their travel!
I was amazed by these guys.
I have moved six times in Vegas and nothing even comes close.
If I ever move again, it will be this company in a HEART-BEAT!

We hired Warren's Homework to help us move from a three story apt to our first home.
The two gentleman (Luis and Jordan) were fabulous and did everything they could to ensure no scratches or that they could get all our items down three flights of stairs!
Very friendly and professional!
I had a good time visiting w/them both and made sure they had breakfast and starbucks!
I was on the third floor and felt bad for the hike....Would definitely hire them again!
Thanks guys..now we move ourselves in tomorrow!

These guys redefine good customer service.
I needed help for a move at the last minute, and they were able to send people over within two hours!
They came over, packed and moved everything... all with incredible efficiency!
I just wish they were national so I could use them for some other moves :)   Thanks so much for a pleasant moving experience...  Don't bother looking anywhere else - these guys are perfect.

I hired Warrens strictly on the basis of the reports from Yelps.
I would rate them close to zero.
They were a third more than most of the others and though they were a nice couple of guys, they didn't seem to know what they were doing.
It took them 20 minutes to just park the truck.They  had to take the door down to remove sofa, the people moved it in didn't have to.
Said they had a  garment bot for me to put my hanging close on, they had two but the boxes didn't have any hanging bars in them, so I had to make about four trips up and down the stairs to hang my clothes in my car.
They hauled my TV down the stars with a hand truck holding on to the cord so it wouldn't fall of of the hand truck.
I think I could have done better hiring the guys hanging around Home Depot.

This review is LONG overdue!
I used Warren's after getting a recommendation.
I read the reviews on Yelp and they seemed great.
Well I hope you will read this before deciding to hire them.
I was moving from Vegas to California.
Warren's sent over someone to the house for an estimate - he was very nice and accommodating.
In fact, I called in a bit of a panic thinking I was not ready for them to come the following day and he said my house was the most organized he had ever seen.
I did have quite the system down with a whole alpha numeric system which showed what went to storage and what went to the new house.
On moving day, 4 guys showed up and I will say they did a great job in Vegas.
What happened on the way to California turned this move into an absolute nightmare!
I unfortunately was not able to meet the movers when they arrived in California so I sent two assistants to meet them at the storage unit.
I got calls and texts repeatedly from the girls who said the movers were just shoving things in the storage with no order and when they asked the guys to move it into an orderly state, they were told "if you want it done that way you can do it yourself.
"  I was at my first day of a new job and couldn't really drop everything and go down there.
Now of course there is the whole he said she said thing but after seeing the MESS my two storage units were left in, the she said portion of the conversation is the truth.
These guys were awful!
Several months later, I am still left with things I can't access because they decided to leave wardrobe boxes at the very very back and bottom of the unit with MASSIVE amounts of furniture in front of the boxes.
WHO DOES THAT!?
They had specific instructions to put the furniture in one unit and the storage totes and wardrobe boxes in another.
NOPE, they just threw stuff in as it came off the truck.
I have photos of totes thrown to the very back and very top of my unit.
IMPOSSIBLE to access!
I called Warren's to complain and they pretty much told me "too bad.
"  I asked to talk to the owner, I was denied.
I called back multiple times to speak to the owner and was denied.
I called to talk to the woman who originally handled everything for me and was denied.
They had my money and they did not care!
Why am I writing this review so much later?
Well another move forced me to hire movers once again.
They moved several dozen storage totes, wardrobe boxes and furniture out of my house and to the same storage unit as my other belongings.
They put everything in a VERY orderly fashion, asked what needed to go where and they wanted to make sure I could access the things I needed to access.
They did a great job!
I showed them the MESS that Warren's left me and their jaws literally and I mean literally dropped.
They could not believe it.
When I told them I had actually straightened some of it out, they just looked at me and said "I'm so sorry!
"    DO NOT USE WARREN'S HOMEWORK unless you want to hire new movers to fix the mess they will leave.
Oh yes, and it was lovely to discover today that my $2500 Armoire has the knobs broken off the front.
Thanks Warren's!
Karma...that's all I have to say!

Our company used Warren's Homework recently for a move and it couldnt have gone better!
The movers were on time and immediatly got started.
I figured it would take about 6 hours to pack and load everything and they did it in 3.
They had no problems disassembling and re-assembling our desks and they placed them exactly where we wanted them.
If we ever move again (hopefully not) we will be using them again!

These people are horrible!
I've worked with a lot of movers and never had an experience like this.
They just broke a large, expensive frame of mine, did a super shoddy repair.
It separated on its own a few days after they repaired it.
They refused to repair it again.
Worse, Anne who works there acts like I owe Owen and her something, how dare I ask them to repare something they broke.
I don't usually write reviews, but don't like the thought of businesses thinking they can get away with anything they want so I want to warn others.

Can't write enough good stuff about these guys.
Made my move totally stress free.
From scheduling to the guys driving off - received courteous, respectful and friendly service.
Payed special attention to fragile and sentimental belongings.
Worked quickly but were very careful with my furnishings as well as the place(s) I moved out of and into (no dings or bumps).
Joel and Anthony did a wonderful job.
Would definitely use this company again.
After using friends and other moving companies numerous times over the years, I no longer have to worry about who to use in the future.

Thanks to Yelp, we were able to find Warren's Homework for our move, and they did a fantastic job!!
We have used a couple of other movers in the past without doing much research and ended up wasting time as the movers never showed, or were very late (even though it was the first appointment of the day).
Our appointment was for 8am, and they showed up at 7:30am (I was feeling good about them already!).
They moved our furniture at a very fast pace, and they made us feel that they were conscious of the time we were paying for their service and not wanting to waste our money by taking their sweet time.
Even though they are a little more expensive, it is so worth it for peace of mind and professionalism.
Warren's Homework is the only moving company we will ever use for any moves in the future!
Thank you guys!

We had originally booked with another company, but after reading some negative reviews, we decided to book with someone else.
We found Warren's Homework here on yelp, and I'm so glad we did!
We booked the day before our move, and they were able to fit us in no problem.
The reservation process was quick and easy, and the next morning the movers (Chris and Daniel) showed up on time and were so efficient!
They charge by the hour, but they were obviously being quick with the move and not wasting any time.
My husband saw them literally running up the ramp of their truck - that's how quick they were moving.The movers were professional and friendly, and there were NO HIDDEN FEES, which I love!
They quickly wrapped furniture and used a mattress bag, and nothing was damaged in the move.
They moved us out of our original apartment and into a third floor apartment, and in just over 2 hours!
Well worth the money, and I would definitely recommend these guys!

Me: a military member use to being moved around VERY often Circumstance: getting deployed and needing to move everything into storage as the lease to my house was also coming to an end  I chose Warren's because of the great reviews on Yelp.
I am use to dealing with the large moving companies and had included them in my estimates.
By far, Warren's was the best priced.
For what I paid Warren's to move (which was essentially a two bedroom house), the larger companies would charge just to pack my stuff into the cardboard boxes.
I had two men and a truck and the job was done quickly and efficiently (albeit, I had already pulled everything out of the cabinets and closets and organized them---like I said, I am use to the business of moving).
They moved my upright prized piano with great care and were able to effectively put everything into a storage unit no problem.
The movers were professional and friendly.
The administrative side were great at calling and confirming your appointment.
I will use these guys again when I get back into country!

Highly no recommend this company they not get in time with your stuff and also they broke a $350 dresser on the way from Vegas to DC and all they told me that I was lucky I was getting $54 back cause normally they don't paid for dressers that are made of compress wood and now I have to buy a new one.
Definitely one of the worse company I ever use to move cross country do not support mediocrity!

We recently moved out of our teeny house (which was packed to the roofbeams with our stuff) and were very pleased with the way Warren's Homework handled our move.
They called in advance to remind us when they'd be there, and they were right there exactly when they said they'd be.
They worked quickly and efficiently, even going into our hotter-than-Hades attic and getting down all the boxes and crud we'd stored there.
I was impressed by their pricing, which was very reasonable.
Moreover, I paid exactly what I was told I'd be paying, period -- no surprises, no extra charges.
Our belongings arrived in good shape and they were awesome about moving the furniture exactly where we wanted it, including upstairs.
Nothing was broken or missing, and the guys moving us in were very courteous and professional.
I would hire them again, definitely!

I would definitely suggest these guys to anyone who needs to hire a mover, whether it be ASAP or planned out in advance.
I called them on a Thursday afternoon to find out how soon they could get me out of my current place.
They were able to schedule me for 7am the next morning.
Travis and George, the crew they sent, were hilarious & expedient.
We were somewhat packed, but they helped with the rest, loaded up the truck & had us unloaded and settled in the new place in just over 3 hours.
Careful, enjoyable, and thoroughly worth the money.
If you're looking for movers, these are the people to call.

Just finished our third move with Warren's.
These guys are simply the best!
Punctual, friendly and professional.
No problems with broken furniture or lost items.
The guys are very careful not to scratch walls or furniture.
Always a pleasant experience working with these guys.

Exceeded my expectations!
I hired Warren's on behalf of an out of state client who needed ALL of the contents of his vacation home moved into storage.
The guys showed up on time and expertly packaged and moved all the contents and moved them to the storage unit w/o a problem on their part.
As a Realtor, I'd gladly recommend them to anyone!

Used Warren's Homework on a recommendation from a friend who hired  them for two across town moves - and  more recently a move to Phoenix, AZ.
We were just going across town and we couldn't have been happier.
Professional, prompt and budget wise!
These guys treated our stuff like it was their own.
They kept to a tight schedule (very cost effective) - Polite, responsive and our stuff was moved and set up within a few hours.
We were astounded - because it went smoothly and shorter than we thought.
We have used movers before - and I don't think we've ever had a more professional company!
Best movers in our three decades of moving.

I was in a bit of a pinch and needed a mover last minute to unload our 17' Uhaul truck.
The lady who ansewered the phone when I called Warrens was so friendly.
She helped convince me this was the right company to go with to help get the job done.
She even advised me they will help me set up my bed frames and put things down.
It was a two hour minimum which I knew we probably wouldn't need a whole two hours but it felt worth the money for the increase in quality.
That morning she called me to state they were on the way which was really nice .
They arrived promptly with "Matt" and a crew of two guys .
One was in training I believe?
Anyhow they got started and were all friendly but as time progressed I noticed they weren't really placing boxes in the rooms I requested.
Often we would say in this room yet things were BLOCKING our rooms.
Finally I gave up on asking for that and just proceeded to help them unload to finish the job faster.
They had trouble placing items where I requested thats for sure.
Which is frustrating considering we are a house of two females who still don't have our TV stand in the right place..  Had a bit of a communication issue that we ended up squashing but it did send me into a fit because the tone that was used and the attitude of "We dont have to do that" really was off putting.
Overall this was a OK experience.
I most definitely wasn't WOWED like I had hoped to be but they did what needed to be done.
The receptionist/Phone ansewer lady was AMAZING...

I tried to visit the address listed and apparently it's the address to their warehouse, nothing more.
No one is there and you basically have to call in and speak to someone about booking them as movers.
I really want to see the type of place that I am entrusting my personal belongings with.
I spoke to someone on the phone who was very rude and that's why I chose to go with a different moving company.
If you want to make money, I suggest you get someone who actually knows what customer service is.

Great experience!
From the first phone call to them, to the last hand shake in thanking the movers.
Larry and Travis did a great job in moving our home!
On time, never spared a second and if they did - they told us.
Nice gentlemen that took pride in their work and were very careful with all of our belongings.
They were fun!
They even took apart our bedroom set and put it back together along with hooking up our washer and dryer and a few other things we thought we would be left to do.
Overall great experience.
P.S.
I think it may have helped that we tipped them before and after the move, provided drinks for them, and bought them lunch :) Well worth it!

Let me start out by saying that I was referred to this company.
They over charge.
It cost me $1500 to move out of a 1700 square foot house.
Really?
We were missing a shelf and they basically called us liars.
One the movers called to apologize and said he found the shelf.
No manager ever called to follow up.
When I called  to speak to a manger and they transferred me around.
I never actually spoke to anyone with any authority, they just dismissed me.
They didn't even care that they had an upset customer.
They are CROOKS!!!!!
They are only out for the money.
This is a customer service world and they need to catch up with the times.
By the way I moved 26 days ago and still no call from any manager.......Warren cares about no one except for themselves.
Unfortunately I have to give them a star.
THIS IS THE WORST COMPANY I HAVE EVER DEALT WITH.
THERE IS NO ONE WORSE

When I was looking for a moving company for our move to Southern California,  I truly did my homework.
I called several companies and got quotes for the ones that actually called me back.
An appointment was scheduled to have an employee come to the house to take inventory of what we had so that they could give us an accurate quote.
The following day, they gave me a quote and since it was the most reasonable, we put a down payment and scheduled the move.
On move day- 4 guys showed up and we were so impressed with their professionalism and efficiency.
We also had a few areas of the house that weren't packed up yet, and they charged us by the hour to finish up.
And it was so worth it!
They also supplied all of the mattress covers for the mattresses, plastic covering for the couches, padded blankets to wrap all the furniture, and they dismantled all of the furniture too.
The following morning, 2 of the guys helped move us in.
And they were such sports.
I wasn't sure where I wanted some of the furniture placed, so they moved it around until I was happy.
I was also strict with the clean carpet and they even took their shoes off as they went upstairs.
They had created a staging area at the bottom of the stairs with all the things to bring up to make it easier.
They also reassembled all of the furniture and hooked up our washer & dryer.
Everything was accounted for, and nothing was broken!
We did have one sofa pillow that got dirty on the trek, but they offered to reimburse the cleaning for it.
My husband and I have moved 4 times in the last 8 years, and this was the smoothest move by far.
I am such a fan that when we move again, I will definitely give them a call again.
Although they are a Las Vegas company, I will pay extra if I have to.
*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 59/100*

Just finished a move with these guys in town.
It was ok.
The price per hour is higher than I would expect but at least they are insured and take care of stuff.
I had some wood pieces that were damaged, they took them and repaired them no questions asked.
However, I have a beef with the teardown/assembly portion of the move.
They took my king bed apart which was fine, but the re-assemble was basically all wrong.
They forgot a piece, stripped some screws, and what they did put together was not properly aligned.
When I pointed this out, they said their handyman would call me.
It's been two weeks and counting, no call... (*note - did eventually call).
I had to take the whole thing apart, fix it, put it back together which was a 90 minute job.
So I was not happy about that.
So overall pretty good but since they cost top dollar I expected top service and it fell a little short.
To be sure I probably would use them again though.

We moved a few days ago from a condo to a very large home... Who would have thought that moving fr a condo would take soooo much time!
Not to say that they took their time, because they did not... Just a lot of stuff... Claude & Alex were very professional starting w the introductions... they moved quickly & efficiently...
Initially, when my husband made the reservation, I was not too thrilled about their hourly rate (they are much higher than anyone in the valley) I called in the next day or so to see if a new, lower rate could be negotiated... they were firm...  By move's end (10 hours later) we called & spoke w the office & let them know that we had only budgeted for half of those hours - they spoke w the owner, Warren & he agreed to rate that I initially requested!
Score!
Happy Customer!
Service Great!
Take down & Set Up, Great!
We would use them again!
Thank you Claude & Alex!
from D & G  your constant companion,  ~deirdra

Well the move is finally over.
After the initial phone call to schedule a quote up to the time I met w Art to discuss the move I have nothing but great things to say about Warrens Homework.
A week of chaos in packing all became calm when the moving guys showed up promptly as scheduled.
They literally moved my entire house in what had to be record time without once being anything but friendly and professional.
Not one item was damaged as each and every item was handled with care.
The respect shown to my wife and son was a breath of fresh air in what I can only describe as extremely professional.
It was like having 2 guys I've known my whole life helping a buddy move.
I would recommend and use this company over and over again.
Thank you to everyone involved especially Tony and his helper.
If I could give more then 5 stars I absolutely would do it.
********

We scheduled two moving helpers and a biggest truck they have with only $130/ hour.
By this way, we don't need to deal with renting and returning the Uhaul.
Their schedule was full but they still be able to schedule us on saturday because it only took 2 hours max to finish our moving.
We have just finished moving and these guys did a great job protecting our new walls, stair, as well as our furniture.
There are not a lot of stuffs to move but the two guys were really fast and carefully.
They showed up even before us and got to work immediately, they used their own blankets and cardboards to protect our furniture in the truck.
The job finished half an hour early and we paid by credit card.
Definitely will use this company again.

Moved December 2013 from Camden Del Mar Apts to a House 15 Minutes Away.
I am happy and satisfied!
We moved all the little stuff ourselves in about 15 car trips, then relied on Warren's for the big furniture and a few heavy boxes.
Took 3 hours and charge of $390 (two men used for the move).
The guys worked quickly, They were right on time at 7AM.
They were careful with our stuff, no complaints, no damages.
The two guys were nice and polite as well.
I was most satisfied with how easily they were able to get out large couch out-  It did not fit thru doorway (we knew this from the move-in), and when I told them this they gladly were happy with suspending the couch off the balcony to get it out - Acted like this was no problem and not a big request at all (I think it was!!
) -- anyways they got the couch out no problem which is great because we were worried we were going to have to saw it in half and ditch the couch.
Also the company is very Flexible.
I called on Friday night at 7pm to book movers for the following Thursday and easily got an apt.
Then we were ready early for the movers and I called Monday to ask if I could reschedule for the very next day - Was not a problem at all - So thankful for that as we were excited to move into new house :)  Thank you Warren's!

We hired them to move from the bay area to Las Vegas.
After much research we decided to go with this local company because their price was the most reasonable, and they could do packing, moving, and unpacking.
We called and gave them requested information such as square footage of the house and list of furniture we had.
When we tried to tell them more details, such as number of rooms in the house, they didn't want the information.
They said it would be no problem and gave us an estimate of 5 hours for moving and packing, which we were shocked, but they assured us that they have very experienced movers.
When the guys arrived, however, they acted very surprised by how much they were supposed to pack and move.
They later told me it's because houses are built differently in San Francisco vs. Las Vegas, they didn't expect so many rooms given the square footage.
But we did gave them a list of furniture and number of boxes before their arrival!
Anyway, they were able to hire two extra men on site and managed to finish the job.
I have to say I was very worried watching them pack.
They wrapped nothing, even glassware, and just throw it into the box loosely.
Luckily the hired men from another company (McCarthy Moving and Storage) handled our baby grand piano and they did a superb job.
When we arrived in Las Vegas, there were only a few damages: the front wheel and basket was broken of a bike, and a beautiful arm chair was stained on the side.
It was a great relief.
The movers were hard working and courteous and tried to do the best job given the situation.
I think overall if you pack everything yourself or move within Las Vegas, or have nothing super valuable like a grand piano, this company is fine.
But with our experience I would most likely look for another company the next time we move.

It appears that most of the negative reviews are for non-local moves.
We got a couple of reviews from co-workers that had used them and said they were excellent.
I have moved 3 times in Vegas already and was pretty skeptical that the company would be great, but I hoped they were just not going to be awful.
To my shear delight, they were FANTASTIC.
They recommended we use 2 trucks and 4 guys so the move would be faster and the guys would be more fresh.
We were moving from two story to two story.
Since it's based on per hour per truck of 2 people, it would cost the same if I used one truck for twice as long, plus the driving back and forth would be time wasted.
They had someone come do a free estimate and was pretty much on the nose about how long it would take.
They bring all their own tape and wrapping materials.
These guys lead by Justin, a very seasoned mover, really moved.
They did not chit chat and waste time, they did not drag their feet, they also did not hint that they lived off tips, like the other companies I have used in the past.
They knew I was on a budget and they moved efficiently without hitting walks or door frames or ceilings.
I have nothing negative to say about these guys.
I don't usually give 5 stars to any company, but the group of guys that did my move deserve it.
They have a huge crew, so I don't know that everyone will have the same experience, but I can say that I've used a ton of moving companies in Vegas and LA, and this is the only one I would recommend.

Best moving company we used!!!!
We have a 3000 sq ft house and it took 4 guys and 2 trucks only 3 hours to move all of the furniture from one house to the other (incl travel time of 20 min).
AMAZING!!!!
We can highly recommend these guys.

This was our second time to use Warren's Homework.
They are punctual and very careful with all of your belongings.
Nothing was broken.
They move fast and take  no breaks.
If we move again we will definitely use their services.

Pete and Derek very good.
..i'm happy and satisfied!
They were right on time at 9 AM .
They were careful with our stuff , no complaints , no damages .
Pete and Derek were nice and polite as well.
Thank you Warren's.
..:)

Im not the type to write reviews, but I just had to with Warrens Homework.
I swear this was probably as on the best experiences since ive moved to Vegas.
Robert L and Casey were the two that moved us, and I will say they did an amazing job.
Very quick and extremely helpful.
Its weird having people you don't know into your home, but they made it so comfortable.
I don't see a lot of GREAT customer service out here in Vegas, being that im from New York, so when I do see it, I like to put it out there.
SO great job guys!
I appreciate all you have done for us... and next time we move you already know who we're calling!

We went with this mover based on positive reviews from Yelp friends for my MIL/GIL move into my house.
Our rate was $130 a hour and they bring their own truck and gear for things.
They told us they don't do afternoon moves so I didn't get to sleep at all since I'm on a late night schedule, but it's only one day.
Just something to keep in mind if you're trying to get a afternoon appt, you may possibly not get one.
We got a 8am and they were trying to get us to do a 7am, but we really can't.
My MIL had to get grandma up and moved into a corner of the house they don't need to get to  and the dog put aside too.
It took them about 4 hours/ $540 + tip to move the house from there to here including the 20 minutes travel time.
So efficiency is a strong suit.
Now, the thing that sucks is we went back to the house to pick up some delicate items and we looked at a closet..... they missed some boxes of vinyls.
Granted, there was a ton they moved and is upstairs, but I wish they checked that they really emptied stuff.
We had to make several trips back for stuff the MIL didn't pack up and tell them to take away which is a separate issue entirely, but did not make it easier.
I had to abandon expensive large gainey ceramic flower pots because we were out of time til we needed to surrender keys so the BF picked the vinyls over my flower pots.
After they got going, I had to leave and care for grandma at their old house while my MIL and boyfriend help direct items for their rooms in our house.
Okay, so their room furniture was situated fine, but what I don't like about the items that were not immediate to the room that we have to unpack and sort around were just thrown into the garage in a way with no rhyme or reason.
Boxes could have been neatly placed in one area, tables, chairs, etc in another.
The vinyls upstairs we already had were neatly stacked against walls and such and the incoming vinyl boxes were just in scatters in the room.
They are very fast, on time and reliable to be delicate with stuff as nothing seems to be broken, but maybe need a little direction.
I don't really trust my family was very organized when they freak and stress unlike me and I should have probably stayed instead, but it would have been nice to have a true "no worries" mover when everything was so emotionally high.
I would recommend them still as they are one of the most efficient movers I've dealt with.

Completely awful.
The scheduling was all messed up and they forced us to start early, which I am not holding against them in this review.
They claim to have fired the person who caused this error.
We had a 1600 sq.
ft. condo and just two people worth of stuff; no kids.
Everything was already boxed, including the garage.
Just move the boxes and the furniture to the truck, drive the truck from point A to point B, and unload the truck.
The first crew that arrived just after 11:00 and did nothing but load 2/3 of the garage for the first hour and a half while they "waited for a second truck" because apparently we have too much stuff to fit in just one.
I still got charged for this time.
After 5 hours total at our old house, the moving company claimed they wanted to send a second crew of two guys out to make sure that the original two guys finished before 20:00.
Now I have to pay for two crews worth of time.
The second crew arrived and helped finish the master bedroom and we were finally loaded and moved on to the new house.
At the new house, all four guys took another 3 hours to unload all the furniture and put it in the proper rooms.
The wife was quite hungry and left for the new house ahead of me leaving the old house, and she got pizza for us and another for the movers.
When we arrived at the new house, the movers spent 45 minutes eating pizza and standing around our kitchen talking about football.
I didn't say anything at the time because I was hungry and eating as well, and I expected they wouldn't charge me for this time.
WRONG.
They charged me for the nearly full hour they spent eating my food.
After over 8 full hours, three trucks (two of them 2/3 full and one completely empty) and two moving crews billed separately at the moving company's request we were finally moved.
There was no damage done to any of our gear, and the movers themselves were quite pleasant.
My biggest problem is that they moved slow and seemed to not care about time at the same time they were billing hourly.
This is completely unacceptable.
The only issue I had with their treatment of my furniture is that they didn't care which way was right side up.
They said we could leave our drawers full and they would just shrink-wrap them and move them in place, so that's exactly what we did.
However because they were constantly moving them on edge or upside-down, all the things in the drawers ended up out of the drawers, so we had to physically remove the drawers, pick up all the jumbled contents of the drawers from the interior floor of the dresser, put the drawers back, and replace the contents of the drawers.
This is worse than boxing it up and leaving the drawers empty!
I moved into this house in just over 3 hours for just under $400 with 2 movers.
There is zero reason that four men took roughly 8 hours and cost more than 4× the price.
A friend of ours moved a 3800 sq.
ft. house full of furniture with this company in less time, for less money, and with a single crew of 2!
I can not recommend against this company enough, regardless of how pleasant the actual movers were to deal with.

Needed some stuff moved and looked on yelp.
Called a few different places but for the insurance and efficiency they offered I picked them.
They were only company offering 100% insurance on things they moved not 60% per pound.
Also they were the only ones to come give estimate and answer all my questions efficiently.
From start to finish the customer service was top notch.
The confirmation email and phone call, and the patience and friendliness.
Larry was head guy of the four and they arrived on time, were efficient and great teamwork!
They asked questions when needed, great communication throughout and very friendly!
They got done in record time and we were amazed and grateful.
Thank you to the office staff and Larry and his guys for making something stressful, something fun!

Chose Warren's after reading the positive reviews on yelp and the recommendation of a friend.
From start to finish they were fantastic.
The 2-man crew arrived on time and were able to move all of the furniture from our 1500sq ft., 2-story town home (including a treadmill, patio set and large weight set-up) to our new house in just 3 hours.
The two gentlemen were friendly and took pride in their work.
No scams, no slacker employees and a very reasonable price.
A complete 180 from the last moving company we used 10 years ago (Starving Students Movers).
Warren's has restored my faith in moving companies!

i rate warren's homework 5 negative stars..!!!
horrible company!
ask them to speed it up and they are walking off my job!!
after having 3/4 of my stuff on the truck!
now they are bringing it all back into the house!!!!
this warrrn's homework sucks!!
don't even brother to call them!!
slowwwww...and left me hanging at the end if the month trying to find another moviing company!!!
almost impossible!!!
reporting them to bbb...what a waste of my time!!!
plus..they are more expensive than most other movers!

Thank you Travis and Josh for your help today with the move of 2014.
I appreciated you both keeping me in the loop for time since I was on a budget and although I was in denial about how much stuff I had.
I appreciated your good sense of humor accompanied by a sense of urgency and your commitment to keep my items safe and protect my old and new residence.
I definitely recommend you and Warrens to my friends and family...the biggest compliment of them all.

Warren's Homework was worth every penny spent.
In 2013, I needed to move my father from his place in Nevada, to an assisted living place in San Leandro.
They were on time, professional, and did not break any of our stuff.
The service was excellent, and I would use them again if I was moving to/from the Las Vegas area (which would only happen if Lake Mead fills up and freezes over).

over priced for the work they did.
one of the workers said movers don't do gentle.

