Thank you for your review -- my father just passed on, and I was looking for a charity in the area that is doing good work and that really needs the help.
Shade Tree spent more last year than they took in, and can REALLY use the help.
Most of their income goes straight out into programs, and they provide shelter for women and children and PETS and the elderly (including men).
They are very full and they need clothes and dog food and all kinds of things (like dishes and cookware and small appliances -- not furniture, though, send that to the Rescue Mission, which has a thrift shop), just check their Wish List on their website, theshadetree.org, or call and ask what they need most this month.
Since he was a union member, the union will donate to a charity of my choosing in his name, and so will his friends and union brothers and sisters as they are inclined.
This is a good way of making a tragedy into a life-giving and life-affirming positive change, and in an organization with low executive salaries (less than 80K, which is like HALF of what even the reasonable charities in Vegas are paying their directors -- let alone the few bloated giants that pay $300K!
) and a great need.
I was glad to find them, and your review was the reason.

To preface, it is important to point out that Shade Tree is a PROGRAM, not a SHELTER.
A program will (attempt) to rehabilitate it's clients by instilling skills to go get and MAINTAIN a job and housing, whereas a SHELTER just provides room and meals (with no rehabilitation actions).
The second thing I want to highlight is that Shade Tree runs almost solely  off of donations/volunteers.
The last thing I want to bring up is that Shade Tree is one of the only places that has an animal shelter (since many times pets are used as a bargaining chip for women in abusive relationships.
)    Like any volunteer/donation based center, Shade Tree case workers and Client Advocates are over-worked and over-stretched which unfortunately leads to the clients not getting much personal one-on-one attention unless they aren't following the rules.
There are various Job Skills and Life-Skills classes (AA, NA, Housing, Depression, Domestic Violence Survivors, Empowerment, Attitudes, Affirmations, Science, etc) throughout the day for the ladies to attend (which they need at least 3 a week if I'm not mistaken).
The Ladies are all assigned chores, which means they are the ones keeping the place clean.
Honestly, Shade Tree is a fairly well oiled machine that keeps on going despite (sometimes MAJOR) speedbumps along the way, but it is BECAUSE of the staffs creativity with the given resources, volunteers and donations!
Of course there are things that could be done better and resources that Shade Tree lacks that are desperately needed (mental health care ONSITE for one).
If you're interested in donating items, check out their website for their wishlist (or just donate what you want!
)..if you want to volunteer, call up their volunteer coordinator and set up an appt TODAY!
You can give as little as one hour a week and make a difference.
Most of the Ladies are extremely appreciative!

Donating to Shade Tree is imposibble.
We gathered $500 at Christmas and took it to the shelter along with clothing and toys.
Upon arriving and offering our donations we  were treated like we were bothering them.
They were extremely rude and you can be sure that we will never help this charity again !!
which is sad for the people that need these things !

This review is about my volunteer experience with the children here.
Our medical school's Pediatric Interest Group hosts arts and crafts days with the Shade Tree kids.
During my first time here, I met a handful of boys and girls who were really great and fun to talk to.
Though our event was simply coloring, the kids were really positive and enthusiastic (except for one teenager male...for obvious reasons).
The kids I met ranged from elementary to high school and were involved in various activities at school, had various interests, and diverse personalities.
I was afraid they would be closed minded but I experienced the complete opposite.
Sometimes their moms color with their kids, so I thought that was pretty cool too.
I look forward to volunteering more often at this center!
I strongly encourage those interested in becoming mentors to reach out and spend time with these kids!
If you can't, please donate!
Sidenote: In addition to sheltering the women and their children, they also have a animal shelter for their pets.

Today I had the AMAZING opportunity to work with the women, children and volunteers at The Shade Tree.
It was a truly rewarding experience and brought a tear to my eye to see so many people come out and get together to make a stranger's holiday special.
God Bless you all!

Volunteered here a couple of weekends ago and was surprised to see how many women and children reside in this shelter.
What a great organization Shade Tree is as they are helping so many people.
My volunteer group and I plan to volunteer here as often as we can!

