Gem of a place that does an outstanding job always....
Tried the rest...this is the best!!!!!!

Where has this place been all our life?
We are huge PetSmart fans, as both of our dogs go to Banfield there.
We buy all our requirements from PetSmart, use the hotel and the grooming.
While I have been happy with the grooming for three years, I find that the service is a bit androgynous and unless you know your stylist by name, you tend to go in and if you do not asked, you will be assigned a stylist.
Each time, we have given nice tips and yet find that something is not quite right.
Nails a bit sharp, hair a bit off, hair on the tail a bit odd shaped and just little quirky stuff.
Bad breath, not a full report like they promise.
ONTO Pooches N Pal.
Personalized service.
Better make appointment as they are small, the stylist really knows dog cuts and if you are not really sure, will make recommendations.
Quality Service - The best hair curt ever.
Period.
For some odd reason, next visit to the park and everyone is commenting on my small golden terrier's hair and how shiny it is.
I never even noticed it before we went to Pooches N Pals.
Pricing - If it is not the same as all the larger places, it is certainly similar and worth it.
I find this place to be very high quality, high in service, knowledgeable, proud and professional.
When it comes to the dogs, this is the place I am bring them to from now on.
You gotta switch and try this place out.

We had just moved to Henderson and were looking for a good quality place to bring our pomchi mix for grooming.
Well we were not disappointed!!
Best haircut ever and my dog looked and smelled great too!!
Nails were done very well, not at all sharp!!
This is a great place and I highly recommend it to everyone.

Before I thought grooming meant just a wash and a haircut.
Until now!
Eliot had the best care and haircut he ever had, the details on his new haircut are just so perfect!

This place has been great for my 2 toy poodles - Roxy and Jazzy.
They really do a great job of making sure the dogs are comfortable and do a great job on their cuts.

