Compassionate vets, friendly and knowledgeable staff, and all animals are handled with gentle care.
It took me years to find a veterinary hospital I liked as well as this one, and I couldn't be happier.
Dr. Bullard worked his heart out to help keep my beloved service dog alive and comfortable during the end stages of terminal disease.
I have taken all my animals to this clinic, and always been treated with such respect and warmth.
I recommend Dr. Bullard and his associates without reservation.

I found a dog and they were able to scan for microchip right away, free, and even contacted the owner and had him call me to pick up his lost dog.
Very friendly, clean and helpful.
Also open later than most places (8pm on weekdays)

Love this vets office.
Nice, clean, and convient.
Staff is very friendly as are the vets.
Our dog loves coming here and always leaves happy.

Just got done being scammed by Ann Road animal hospital.
Took the dog in to get her rabies / vaccines updated.
Told the vet I need the Rabies as of TODAY as North Las Vegas wants paperwork on it by the 28th.
So what does the vet do?
He lies to me, tells me he's going to give the dog a rabies and steroid shot together and then just doesn't give her the rabies shot.
The only reason I went in was for the shot and these jerks ripped me off for 128.50 unnecessarily.
Never go to Ann Road animal hospital.
The receptionists are rude, the vets are liars, and they just kept saying "Well, what do you want us to do?

I will admit i was hesitant to try this place due to some of the negative reviews.
But today i took my dog in because she had an ear infection.
Dr Stewart was very pleasant and knowledgeable.
They did not overcharge us.
We did have to wait a while to see the doctor, but they were very busy.
I will go back to Ann Rd Animal Hospital.
UPDATE: have gone back twice since originally posted this review.
check up and anal glands expressed.
She was in and out in 15 minutes.
10 bucks for glands ($40 for office visit).
not bad.

I have a 15 yr old cat.
She had a ruptured anal gland.
The medicine made her have diarrhea so I called to ask about switching antibiotics.
I didn't hear back from them.
Vet said he didn't get the message.
They did have to operate...
I pd extra for the liver function test.
She came out fine with a 400 buck bill.
I took my other cat in to check on worms.
I paid for the fecal exam and was told I would get a call back with results.
Nope.
80 bucks  I would give it a 3 due to dropping the ball twice with not calling me back but my cats alive and that's most important.

hey animal lovers.
So I've been bring my teacup yorkie puppy here since I adopted her last month.
I decided to come to ARAH because of the reviews on yelp and they are close to me.
I'm really disappointed with the services I've been receiving the last couple of weeks.
My puppy had a really bad cough that made me really worried... Dr. Stewart seen her and gave her rx's that didn't work.
I took her back and she gave her another rx which didn't help.
Then I came back for the 3rd time and seen another vet.
He gave another rx and i don't think it helped either.
All that money spent and Ebi still didn't get better.
My puppy got 2 rounds of vaccinations here.
We also boarded her here last week for 2 nights.
I called asking if they could wait for me... that I was stuck in traffic leaving LA and would be arriving 10 mins late and they refuse to wait and told me to pick her up the next day.
The girl on the phone was so rude about it too!
I was really upset with that...
I don't see what's wrong waiting a couple mins.
I ended up having to pay an extra night and when I came to pick her up at 8am when they opened...
I ended up waiting 20 mins for them to bring my puppy out.
Then I had to ask for her bone that was missing in her ziplock back that came out with her.
After all the bad services here I'm not sure if I want to bring my puppy back next week for her rabies shot.
I may go somewhere else.

Took our 2 dogs here for their rabies shot.
They charge $10 for each shot and we didn't have to wait too long.
They did try to sell us all the other shots but why weaken our dogs immune system unnecessarily if they are never even exposed to other dogs.
We ended up just getting the rabies.
This place is very close to us and it was very convenient to be in and out in half an hour.

The staff here is extremely rude.
I had previously purchased a Groupon for a dog grooming and it didn't state on the Groupon that the vaccination record was required.
I even called the day before and they did not tell me his vaccination record was required.
When I arrived the lady didn't want to take my dog and argued with me that the Groupon states to bring the vaccination.
I checked again and it does not!
I convinced her to take him and then I went back to drop off the shot record.
Overall I went there three times in one day.
They also wanted to make a photo copy of my ID.
Why is this needed if it's just a dog grooming?
Also, the Groupon did not state that the grooming was just for a dog wash and nail clipping.
I thought they cut his hair, but since I was already there I just let them groom him.
When I picked him up he looked exactly the same.
He was clean, but they didn't even brush his hair!
I won't refer this place or return.
There are many other dog groomers and vets with better service.
Don't come here unless you are OK with staff treating you like crap!

Well, it's hit or miss for reviewers; but the most I can say about that is.. finding a vet for your loved pet is something that everyone needs to experience for themselves.
Each vet is different and one's experience in that particular office is also going to differ; so please visit some of your local clinics and make your selection carefully.
That being said: I can tell you that I personally have had great experiences here.
My cats have been coming here for around four years and I don't plan on changing any time soon.
The basics.
They have five examination rooms.
A large waiting area (no separate entrances for dogs / cats, though.
)  They do boarding, grooming, dental, basic labs, and x-rays here and are part of a larger group of animal hospitals here in the Valley that operate in a similar fashion (multiple doctors and services.
)  All their basic services require up to date shots (and if you live in North Las Vegas, those are also required for your dog/cat pet license from the city.
)  They take a couple of different pet insurance plans, including offering the Trupanion 30 day free trial and are affiliated with Science Hill for pet food, I believe.
I've seen the staff be very kind and helpful -- remembering the names of pets and owners who come in and even remembering their health issues and personality.
But, the staff is pretty large.
They have quite a few receptionists, plus the vet tech staff, and the boarding group.
The 5 star reason?
The ARAH has several different vets there and I've had my pets visit with all of them after a series of different health issues for my pets.
Eventually, we chose to use Dr. Stewart as our primary and only ask for her.
My five star rating is for her, in particular as she has taken a lot of effort and energy into helping our cat along and has helped significantly in our working out a medical schedule.
I recommend her highly (you can ask for a specific doctor -- if you don't, you get whomever is next on the rotation.

I've been bringing my dog to Ann Road Animal Hospital since he was a puppy, and have always gotten friendly service and wonderful treatment from the vets there.
I love the walk-in service (no appointments) and Sundays is my favorite day to visit them.
They always love to see Buddy and I will definitely keep going there as long as I live here in Vegas!

The staff is great here.
If you are looking for a Vet this is a good place to go as far as I can tell.
Our cat was suppose to stay the day for testing and he was stressed out being with all the other animals in the back so the Vet called us and said we could pick him up early.
Nice to see they do care.

The vets are typical in and out vets.
What makes this place stand out and keeps me loyal are the friendly, helpful and all around awesome ladies at the reception counter.
They are always sweet and helpful and welcoming.
Making appointments is easy and they can usually see you same day.
HIGHLY recommend.
Only the best for my doggy!

It was 8am on a Sunday morning, my poor pup kept licking her teeth and it looked as if she was shivering, so I stopped what I was doing to see why she was acting so weird... she had broken her k9 tooth.
I freaked out and got on Yelp to find the closest vet that was open (I honestly thought everything closed on Sunday- but who am i kidding... this is Vegas- a city that rarely sleeps).
Gave them a call and hurried over there.
When i got there, I filled up some forms, and got placed in an exam room where I waited.
Dr. Colon came in, he was very knowledgeable and understanding.
He took a examined her, explained to me her pain level and what to do/what not to do, and gave her some meds.
He then recommended a root canal to save her tooth vs an extraction.
An extraction would have cost nearly $400ish.
Root canal cost a little more, but it was well worth it.
They don't do root canals here, but he did recommend a great dental specialist- Dr. Emily who does root canals for way cheaper than what other vets charge.
We ended up paying $700 for a root canal, which is about nearly half of what the other estimates we've gotten from other 4 or 5 other vets in the Las Vegas area.
The only downside was that Dr. Emily isn't from Vegas- he travels all over the US to perform these root canals, and he only travels to Vegas once every 6-8 weeks.
I'm extremely thankful that Dr. Colon recommended him and just as thankful for Dr. Emily because there was just no way we could have afforded the other prices we've been given (However, Dr. Emily performs root canals at Tropicana animal hospital, not here).
My pup's root canal went great, and she's good as new.
The moment we picked her up, she was back to her happy, hyper self.
The exam fee cost $40, and her pain medications cost $26.
They have a 10% military discount, but it didn't apply towards her medications.

This review is for pet hotel portion.
I dropped off my dog hear so we can enjoy the holiday weekend.
Now my dog has fleas and diarreah.
It took over 30 minutes to check him out, I'm thinking they had to wash the filth off my dog, which it didn't help because he smelled like poop.
I recommend dropping your dog off to Petsmart instead.

I have nothing but wonderful things to say about ARAH.
I have taken all 3 of my dogs for around 5 years.... Dr B & Dr Stewart are amazing and have taken their time to help out with explaining in detail regarding all the many headaches that come with being a mom to 3 aging boxers.
The pricing is never a surprise, and the front desk always there to make a stressful situation easier.
I would highly recommend bringing ur loved ones here!

I like this vet clinic.
I have been coming here for over 5 years with my two pups.
The staff is pretty helpful as I need help at times since one of my dogs can be a handful.
All in all, I like Ann road animal hospital.

I won't ever go to another vet as long as I live in North Las Vegas.
The staff at ARAH helped me through the end of both of my dachshunds lives and have taken excellent care of my English Bulldog and my new Lab puppy.
Finding a vet is hard, as hard as it is to find a good primary care physician for ourselves.
They have a very clear price list for their procedures and vaccinations and they offer low cost spay and neutering.
Plus they give a 10% military discount.

My wife and I have been going here for 3 years, usually No wait and very professional.
Our pug has to have oxygen to cut her nails...spaz!
The best place to go as far as I'm concerned.
Always calls ahead for shots and doesn't  try to sales services you don't need.

UPDATE: (I have gone to Ann Rd.
Animal Hosp.
a dozen times over the past 2 years) and I  wanted to take a moment to THANK Dr. Hammond and the staff.
Sadly, our dog of 15 years needed to be put to sleep after a long battle with.... well, old age.
Dr. Hammond had never met Shamrock up until that fateful day, but she was very compassionate and made our terrible decision easier to bear.
AND i want to thank her for the VERY thoughtful condolence card we got in the mail.
Handwritten even!!
It truly meant A LOT to us.
They recommended Craig Rd Pet Cemetery to us.
We were very pleased with them as well.
I could give them 5 stars, but that seems odd for me?
I lost my dog.
I reserve 5 stars for things like.... restaurants?
But I DO want to say thank you to Ann Rd.
Animal Hosp.
Thank you.
IF I get another pet in the future.... i will bring them to Ann Rd.

My Akita was stricken with the bloat with her stomach twisting up and fighting for her life.
We were scared and thought we would lose our family pet of 5 years.
Dr.  Michael Lavigne was the best, he took extra care in the surgery and recovery, even coming up to the hospital to check on Kona on his day Off!
The staff was always friendly and service was great!
No problem with this hospital, Dr. Lavigne  thank you for caring about our family member, we will always bring our pet to you!!

I started coming to this animal hospital after I moved to this side of town about a year ago.
They are a walk-in clinic so it's first come first serve.
I don't really like how you can't make an appointment.
Another huge negative for me is that the front desk is extremely disorganized.
They don't really have a check in/check out system.
There are only two counters... but sometimes there are 3- 4 front office girls working up there trying to check in patients and answer phones and then also checking people out, so it gets really chaotic.
Also there's no sign in sheet or any sort of line... so checking in is just based on the honor system of who got there first.
The front office girls just yell, "who's next?
" and you just have to step up and be assertive and say that you were next to be helped or else someone else will jump ahead of you.
This system gives me anxiety.
However, I will say that their prices are very affordable and their vets have all been very nice.
My dog has always gotten very good care so I will continue to come here until I have any suspicions that she is getting below standard of care.

Pleasant service, clean environment, and mostly prompt service.
I have been taking my dog here since I got her four years ago and have been satisfied.
Also, the bill at the end is usually cheaper than I guessed.

We are extremely pleased with the staff at Ann Road Hospital.
We took Maggie, a lab mix, in for surgery to remove a large mammary tumor.
She saw Dr. Bullard, he did an evaluation and then performed surgery the same day.
Due to the drain, she stayed the night.
She has been back a few times for suture removal but not healed enough to remove.
Although this is a walk in clinic we are seen promptly and with smiles.
You can tell everyone loves working there.
The facility is very clean.
We highly recommend Dr. Bullard.

Ann Road Animal Hospital is the BEST in Las Vegas!!!!!!
The Drs and staff are absolutely AMAZING!!!!!!
Dr Bullard is so caring and super intelligent!!
He is wonderful with my 4 dogs!!
We love him!!
If you want excellent care and superior customer service, this is the place to bring your pets!!!!!

Very good with our dog.
Staff are friendly and make sure that your pet is well taken care of.

Dr. Buco did an amazing job with our dog Nahla who is a 13mo Husky.
Nahla was hit by a car in Cali while visiting relatives on Christmas Eve.
She was saved, stabilized, and treated by the great Vets in Cali.
And was discharged on 12/26 so that I can take her back to Vegas to get her fractured leg repaired.
We took her to her regular vet at Camino Al Norte (now her former vet), and gave them prior notice that Nahla needed surgery (the vet in Cali faxed all the medical records/ and gave us her IV fluids (disconnected from her catheter) and her X-rays).
And they said to bring her in.
When we were in the exam room the doctor asked why we brought her in and I said I called as well as had everything faxed early in the morning as we were driving back to Vegas.
Then she asked what meds were given etc, and I said it was in the medical records.
So to make along story short, they gave us a prognosis that Nahla is breathing really bad and there's nothing they can do, so I asked if I can take her home to let her pass at home.
The vet did not even do an X-ray of Nahla's chest to check how much fluid accumulated.
So we got pain meds & took Nahla home.
We monitored Nahla closely and she was breathing well, even had an appetite.
The next afternoon Nahla tried getting up her self, and she kept falling on her left arm, so I assumed the bandages were wrapped to tight.
I unwrapped it and her Catheter was still in her arm to my surprise.
I thought Camino Al Norte removed it since she was no longer getting surgery.
I was so upset by this.
Tired of crying and stress about Nahla, I had my husband and daughter take her to Ann Road Hospital as my heart couldn't handle anymore bad news.
And they said Dr. Buco was so great and said Nahla sounded good.
He even took X-rays of her leg and wrapped her leg very firmly so it wouldn't hang until we were ready to have her get surgery.
I have yet to meet Dr. Buco, and will soon meet him as he will be her new trusted Vet, but my family was so impressed.
Thank you so much Dr. Buco and staff!!

My lil killa is fighter.
She suffered extreme head trauma after the neighbor's teenage son threw a large rock dead smack in her face.
Obviously that boy is possessed by something evil to do such a thing!
Anyway, It was a Sunday morning that my boyfriend and I found my yorkie's eyeballs hanging by a thread.
Being new to the area I called the first animal hospital I could locate.
We went into Ann Road Animal Hospital shaken up and scared to death not knowing the fate of my lil killa.
The front desk staff was very helpful and efficient.
I told them it was an emergency and they took her right away.
Dr. Conklin is amazing.
She was able to comfort us in our time of need.
She delivered the devastating news that lil killa would be permanently blind and needed both eyes removed.
Throughout the entire process Dee at the front desk and Dr. Conklin continued to call us, giving us constant updates on Lil Killa's condition.
I am thankful that the staff here took such good care of baby.
For many of us our animals are our children and anything that happens to them is so devastating.
Having a place that loves animals as much as we do is amazing.
I will bring my yorkie here for anything she'll ever need

Went in last Saturday for our Pitbull, Dr.Buco was very nice, we got all the medications, etc we needed for her ear infection and the place is affordable.
We went to their website and used the 1st time visitor coupon so the exam was free.
We are going back Saturday for a check up, but it looks like everything we have gotten is working for her.

Dr. buco is an amazing dr. And person he helped me with my cat just when I thought I would have to put him down I love ann road animal hospital and will bring all my pets here the staff is amazing and where very welcoming and when we came to visit oliver they where so nice and they took such good care of him thank you Dr.  Buco and staff for treating us like family

Helpful and friendly staff.
No wait, even on a Saturday!
Only negative I have to say is that the vet wanted to do X-rays on our dog after we talked to her but she didn't even touch him or look at him first.
X-rays cost $182 incase anyone needs them and then she gave us pain meds for our pup and said she'll let is know about X-rays later.
Just didn't seem to care much.

The doctors are pretty good but the wait to see the Doctor takes forever :( last time I was here got here at 3 didn't leave till 6

I would give an even lower rate if possible Dr Eva Evan is the most ill informed vet at this hospital she runs unnecessary test and has no follow through.
She told me a three month subscription for insulin would last 6 mo NEW FLASH one bottle is only good for 30 days ask any diabetic out there never never will I ever let this women touch my dog,

The doctors are great, but man, the wait time is too long.
When we dropped off our dogs for boarding, just to drop them off took almost an hour.
Otherwise the doctors take great care of them.

