Company refuses to do work.
I contacted Adams Pool Solutions after a referral from one of their commercial clients who nets them a decent amount of business.
I have a plaster crack in my spa that needs repair promptly.
The company refused to take the work, claiming they're "too busy to do repairs", but she made sure to attempt to upsell me on a complete remodel, which apparently they have time for.
Must be nice in this economy to be able to turn down work!

Adam's Pools has proven themselves time and time again when it comes to refurbishing swimming pools, decks and water features.
My clients all seem to have a favorable response every time they engage on restoration projects.
If your looking for a company that can handle the entire scope of your project look no further.
Adam's is truly one organization that can handle all your needs regardless of the scope of work.
Vaughn@redsquarepools.com

Had older plaster pool and deck redone.
Converted to Pebble Tech with all new tile and painted decking around pool and patio.
Bernie (our sales person) met with us twice at our home and once at their showroom.
The showroom has several pools outside on display with different finishes in them so you can see how it will actually look.
The selections were much better than last time we built a pool with Paddock Pool, who is no longer here.
The job was quickly started!
They have been working on the project for about a week and a half.
The crews showed up early in the mornings, commenced work in a professional and respectful manner.
Every single employee, office, sales and work force were all very quick to address any concerns or questions we had promptly and with a full, clear explanation.
The work crews treated our home as if it was their own and our neighborhood the same way.
The pool is being filled as I write this article and it looks like a brand new pool again.
My wife, who is very meticulous and detail oriented, is very happy with Adam's Pool Solutions as I am and we would quickly recommend them to anyone looking to build or remodel an existing pool without hesitation or qualification.

They apparently didn't want our business.
We made an appointment to discuss our plans for a new pool, and when we arrived the person we were supposed to meet with wasn't even there.
Someone else who happened to be there met with us instead, but ultimately told us that the person we needed to speak with was the person with whom we had an appointment.
We were told he would contact us to reschedule and he never did.
Bad business.

