If you are into anything having to do with coca cola this retail store might do the job.
Its located on the strip near tge m&m world.
Inside this store were clothing articles like shirts and caps with the coke insignia.
Myself i was hoping to find discounted coke drinks but bo such luck

First time I've been to this store.
There was so much Coca-cola products.
We tried the 16 types of cola in different countries.
It was interesting.
I mean some tasted good and some were just..eh..But it was fun.
It's only $7 to try 16 cola, so not bad.

Many things to do here from shopping for many of the different Coca-Cola products such as different pieces of clothing to taking pictures with the Coca-Cola polar bear which I thought was pretty cool.
They have many different things to shop for here like shirts, underwear, and other pieces of clothing.
They also have here a drink called Tab.
This is the first ever diet soda (I was told by one of the workers who explained to me in detail about this drink).
It does not taste like your average diet soda, but much better!
I am surprised that soda companies urged away from this delicious recipe and created diet sodas that do not taste good at all.
They have other memorabilia to shop for here as well; everything from kitchenware to postcards.
Near the escalator to the second floor, you will find a huge polar bear that I can not describe except by saying there is someone inside the suit and moves like something you might find producers using in their movies.
You can take pictures with it using your own camera or you have the option of buying photos from them which you can pick up in the booth located right after getting off the escalator to the second floor.
Upstairs you will find the booth to pick up the pictures you took with the polar bear downstairs.
After that you can find more things to shop for, but what I thought was most memorable about the second floor was trying the 16 different types of colas from around the world.
A word of caution to the wise, be very careful when drinking the Italian one.
One word is only suitable to describe that flavor: disgusting.
The others were interesting and downright weird.
However there were one or two that was not too bad.
This store is a must when you are in Vegas.
My family enjoyed the Cola stuff I bought at the store, the misses and I will always remember the 16 flavors, and it's not too far from the strip.
Just five to ten minutes from Planet Hollywood.
Aloha with plenty of yelp power!

I was expecting more.
I have been to Vegas 9 times and never went in this store.
One cool thing happened it was the fact that a giant Coke bear came out and could not see due to the costume and almost fell down the escalator.
LOL I mean its escort could have been more careful.
The bears head was all hitting displays and stuff.
I had to watch the whole thing just waiting for something to happen.

SOO COOL!
defintely worth the walk from the hotel.
I would definitely recommend getting the 7 flavors sampler.

must see stop for all ages in Vegas where you can try 16 flavors around the world!!!!
Also, don't be shy about taking a picture with the famous coca-cola bear!

Whether you're shopping for souvenirs or just picking up an ice-cold beverage to quench your thirst after walking the Las Vegas strip, there's something about the Coca-Cola Company [store] that just makes kids and grown-ups happy!!!
My boyfriend and I like to come here every time we come to Vegas.
Maybe it's his love for all the Coke flavors and carbonated beverages, or the fact that we just love taking silly pictures with the Coke bear or silly merchandise?
If you do line up for a picture with the Coke bear, they shoot it against a green screen and superimpose an artic background.
You have the option of viewing it upstairs and purchasing prints (they aren't cheap!).
They'll also take a picture of you and the bear with your own camera, but obviously it's just with a green screen.
We like checking out the merchandise and have purchased pajamas, clothing and hats.
They also have soda products (fountain beverage or even bottled).
The around the world Coke sampler is about $7 and is "fun" to try once with a group of friends, but we end up tossing most of them because they taste terrible.
I'd rather get a real deal OG coke :)   Yelp 100 Challenge 2014 - 15 of 100

