This is the store located in Fashion Show Mall.
Surprisingly for such a huge mall, this is a very small store.
They don't have a lot of selection and seem like they need to do some renovations to the store.
No one asked me if I needed help.
All in all a typical VS store.
^_^*~

I have always liked Victoria's Secret.
Other than the silk boxer short I once bought that ripped apart after like 3-4 washes (good thing I only bought one!
), everything else I have purchased has been good quality.
I also shop on their website every so often and have bought some nice sweaters and jackets.
This store is really tiny and didn't have much of a selection!
I was really just browsing to kill time, but I doubt I will return to this location.
Here's the thing that really annoyed me.
One of the older employees who spoke with an accent followed me around and kept nagging me to open an Angel Credit Card.
Employee: "Hi, are you Filipino?
" Me: "No, I'm Japanese.
" Employee: "Oh Japanese, well, we're both Asian.
" Me: "Uh-Huh.
" (and thinking....so what?
) Employee: "You want to open an Angel Credit Card?
" Me: "No thanks.
" Employee: "Oh come on, the credit card is good.
You can save your cash and you can use the card at any Victoria's Secret and Bath and Body store.
" Me: "No thank you.
" Employee: "Oh come on, you earn points and rewards with the card and you can buy anything.
" Me: "I DON'T want a credit card, but thank you.
" Employee: "Oh come on, let's get you a card, we can do good credit, bad credit, no credit..." Me: *rolled my eyes at her and started to make my way to the door* Employee: "Oh come on......"  First of all, don't even for one second think that I'm going to open a card and have you get credit/commission/whatever for it just because I'm Asian like you.
I hate it when people come up to me and say stuff like "Are you Filipino?
" If they are THAT curious, why can't they just ask "What ethnicity are you?
" (instead of assuming) and why does it matter anyway?
Second, I'm sure most people know that their credit card has a sky high APR.
I don't care if it comes with "rewards" it's not worth it.
Third, please learn to speak proper English lady, you can't start every sentence with "Oh come on..."  Ughh!
Ladies, don't even waste your time here, go to the store located in The Forum!

In the past I kinda had a secret hatred towards Victoria secret because they never carried a bra that fit my body correctly but its been several years and I was bored so I decided to head on in and asked to get professionally sized.
I expected some lady to grab a measure tape and be so confident with what she decided it said that she would throw me a bra and walk away.
Boy was I wrong.
I don't think I have ever had so much personal service at any store EVER.
Not only did she make sure the new bra fit me well but she made sure I found a bra that I loved not that I was just satisfied with.
This easily took an hour out of her day and I just wish I could have tipped her.
If I only carried cash.

All I wanted was a new strapless bra......
I walked out spending over $100.00 on that bra, some undies, and smell goods.
Honestly, great employees will convince people to spend more.
I had two women helping me out with my bra in the fitting room and I ended up buying the more expensive one.
I liked the little help button you push and the employees trying to be personable and getting to know your name and what not.

Good lord it was crowded in there when I went!

In every city I live in, I only go to one particular VS.  And in Vegas, it has to be this inside the Fashion Show Mall.
I'm not sure what it is about VS but I always complain about how easily their bras get deformed...but I keep buying from them anyway.
I also like to think I'm saving money when they have 3 or 5 for $25 panties.
It's always crowded but there's always a friendly sales associate to help you.
They offer you a bra fitting/sizing every visit.
It's a bad bad drug I can't stay away from.
I don't know where else to go and I'm afraid of trying something else.

This store is always a stop when we are in Vegas.
The selection is big because it's the largest store on the west coast.
The service is generally good.
The only complaint I have is that the cash registers are hidden in the back corner that you can only get to by passing all the teeny bopper undies.
A little odd setup, if you ask me.

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(181/365) "Kids Do The Darndest Things!?!?
"  When I hear Victoria's Secret, I immediately think bras, panties, lingerie, you know?
Women's stuff...I had no idea they had a teeny tiny section for men's fragrances!?
While Wifey was checking out some stuff, I  just dabbled in the Men's cologne area  which had about three different scents.
Of all three, I liked Very Sexy Platinum one the best.
Who knows?
I may just return to pick up a bottle one day.
The service here is pretty good up until you get to the cashier.
Ladies try to get you to sign up for a credit card which can be pretty annoying.
Tip for parents with kids too...be with your child at all times, otherwise they may risk serious injury from LYING DOWN ON THE FLOOR when people are shopping!?!?!?
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  3

