Okay, so it's not the biggest, fanciest place in town, however, if you wish to kick back & smoke some of the longest lasting, best tasting Hookah or as in Middle Eastern terms (Sheeshah) & have authentic Middle Eastern Food - then this is the place to be.
It can get pretty noisy in the evening...
I go once a week minimum & it always seems to be on a Wednesday - where they showcase their Poetry skills.
Weekends are cool also, plan early if you're just going to kick back... Nites are DJ'd up!!!
Not to mention the prices are very very reasonable & trust me - I have been to ALL the local Mediterranean spots... this is the 1 to go to if that's what your looking for.
It's family owned & they treat you just like that!
On another note - they are planning to expand next door - so, it will be bigger soon!
'-)

The Olive is a Las Vegas rarity - authentic, clean, consistent, intelligent food that is prepared and served by people who are connected to both the cuisine and its attendant cultural nuances.
It's a cozy, family owned hookah bar offering the purest Jordanian tobaccos available in LV as well as a fully stocked bar, teas, coffees, traditional Mediterranean appetizers, sandwiches, and salads.
The ambiance is nice for a single party lunch (plenty of booth seating and space for a laptop and a cup of tea).
The star of this place is their combination platter - it is RIDICULOUSLY dirt cheap for the massive profusion of appetizers you receive, including the smokiest babaganoush I've ever had, fresh garlicy hummus, tsatsiki, lots of warm pita (*whole wheat available upon request), fresh vegetables, insanely addictive tabouleh, briny feta, and perfumey green olives.
They are super fast in fulfilling orders, I order lunch from here a few times a week and it is always ready within five minutes.
DJ's and strobe lighting at night, and poetry readings on Wednesdays (I avoid both).
Unfortunately, they do not deliver.

I cannot recommend this place enough!
Its small, family owned and has the attention to detail that cannot be possibly be matched by any chain!
The hookah lounge that is attached to the cafe is splendidly appointed, very comfortable, and serves up a great hookah.
The Hummus & Pita by itself is enough to bring be back again.
They also create their own flavored tobacco!
The variety is stunning, of great quality, and makes for a very enjoyable smoke.
Try it,  you will NOT be disappointed!

A small family own restaurant.
We'd ordered hummus and beef wrap.
Pretty good.
Flavorful and not overwhelming.
Hummus is good.
Only thing I don't like is the olive oil added in the middle, but I'm sure they can take it out unless you like olive oil.
Price is pretty good.
Got both with total $11.
Nice place to eat lunch.

Really really good food.
Great Prices.
The appetizer plate is a meal for two, and includes some of the best baba gannouj in town.
The new expansion more than doubles the size of the restaurant, and makes for a nice alternative to the nightclub scene.
Ages 21+, it features Full bar and occasional live music/events.
One of my favorite places on the East Side

Drinks are strong, tobacco flavorful and the food tasty!
My favorite things to order have been; the chicken shawarma or falafel wrap, hummus with pita, the sampler tray is an awesome deal with dolmas and a variety of dips, mint tea and the turkish coffee.
They have a lemony cocktail that's delicious and quite strong, and a nice lounge area to relax and smoke hookah in on your off time.
Sometimes it gets loud on the weekends and  late nights it can get crowded and rambunctious, so go during the weekday and you're guaranteed good food in a family run environment.
I've been going for years and they still greet my fondly whenever I chance by.
One of my favorite places in town!

I'd have to disagree largely with a lot of the reviewers.
I've been to this location about 4 times and was introduced to it by a former boyfriend.
It's a hole in the wall, no other way to go around it.
That can be a good or a bad thing.
Sometimes you experience the best food in places like those.
That wasn't the case for me.
The hookah just was not very good.
The decor seemed cheap and the waitresses were young and it was obviously their first time serving in the industry.
I will say it is authentic, but i've definitely had better.
The food was okay.
Not great, just okay.
I'm not sure if I would go back.

So I was here last night for dinner.
We rolled in with our gym clothes after a workout and were starving....we sat in the GORGEOUS dark, dim and sooo romantic hookah lounge area.
I have to admit the smell of the hookah was pretty strong and it did irritate my eyes but this is a hookah bar so I have to live with it.
For people who get too bothered by the smell, there is a restaurant area separate from the hookah lounge and there is also outside sitting.
I ordered the Lentil Soup (HUGE portion...should feed 2 or 3 people as an appetizer).
It was so simple and yet so tasty.
There was a hint of lemon, something tangy and something soupy....just a whole party of flavors in that bowl.
I then ordered the falafel sandwich with a side of their house made yogurt dip and green salsa... YUMMMM!
I'm not a fan of Mediterranean food but this place serves a mean sandwich.
The sandwich is wrapped like a pita and then grilled so it's really easy to eat and not at all messy.
It's also very tasty.
Monday nights, The Olive has a singer performing.
He was really good.
He was singing these old songs and mixed in some newer hits with his signature voice...slightly jazzy, slightly upbeat...LOVED IT.
I stayed for 2 hours just lounging around, listening to good music and eating amazing food.
Made me forget for a while that I was in Vegas but in a major cosmopolitan city....it was such a surreal experience.
What a perfect Monday night!

Wow!
The Olive on Monday is a happening place.
The restaurant is setup with 3 different rooms.
The hookah lounge is the largest and coolest of the rooms.
The service was a little slow, but our waitress had just enough sass to make the experience.
We started with martinis and the appetizer sampler.
The martinis had waaaay to much vermouth.
We mentioned something to our server and she said it looked like the bartender over did it when she watched him make them.
It made me laugh.
They quickly changed our drinks with out a fuss.
The food here is very casual.
You're not going to find a pretentious or over dressed plate on the menu.
The appetizers do seem to be a touch better than the sandwiches and plates.
The food isn't what makes this place.
The band and hookah are.
The hookah prices look like they've gone up a touch from some other reviews, but it's still amongst the best deals in town for hookah.
We tried the Yahalla at the recommendation of our server, but saw some really interesting combos.
I'm going with "The Crazy Mexican" next time.
It's blueberry, pumpkin, and mint.
I can't wait.
The band came on about 8:40 and really delivered.
I'm not sure that they would be successful in a lot venues, but they really work at The Olive.
We we're highly entertained!
I'm coming back next week with a big group to smoke hookah, snack on some appetizers, and listen to the band.
I might even chat up some of the regulars.

We went to The Olive looking for good hummus in a chill atmosphere and that's exactly what we found...  We were a little surprised by how dark it was inside, but it's so pretty we got over it quickly.
There was only one waitress so service was a little slow, but it's not the kind of place you rush to leave anyway.
The food was excellent and worth the wait...there was way too much to eat it all.
We didn't hookah but will definitely go back again to try it

They've expanded their operation into another room and made it their lounge/gaming area.
They still have the main entrance operating as their restaurant area.
The room to the right had been modified to a beer pong room when we were there.
I'm not a fan of beer pong or slot machines and was disappointed by their having added that element.
I can understand why they did, of course, but I feel the overall class level dropped a notch.
We came for dinner and  didn't sample the hookah, so I can't comment on that.
J had the chicken shawarma and enjoyed it, especially the yogurt sauce that came with it.
It was still under $10 and enough for two meals, so that's a plus.
I had the chicken nana, which I felt was a bit too dry.
It had a nice spice rub but I pilfered some of J's yogurt sauce and that made a huge difference.
My sandwich was also big enough to save half for lunch the next day, so I had a happy lunch at work.
Yay for Almaza!
They also serve a drink called the "mediterranean islands" that is killer.
It's pretty sweet but it does the job.
Turkish coffee is another thing worth mentioning.
The waitress we had was very personable and friendly.
She was also understanding when our companions ditched the unfamiliar for the Panda Express.
Chickens, I know.
:{  I'll go back to try out the hookah and to chill with a strong drink.
I want to give their new lounge a fair chance, after all.
There were some familiar faces still present and they've always hosted a pleasant evening, so that makes me very happy!

I have never actually dined or smoked here, but I have been here several times to purchase hookah tobacco when I'm in town.
I've tried several different brands of tobacco, but Olive's products are the best!
They make their own tobacco and will mix any flavors for you.
A few I have tried: skittles, gummy bear, cappuccino orange mint, pomegranate peach blueberry, chocolate strawberry mint, banana cream pie, pumpkin pie vanilla, wicked, sapphire, pandora's box and my absolute favorite: candyland, which is what I got when I asked them to recommend something fruity and minty.
It's amazing!
The prices are affordable and the quality is superb.
They even said I could order online, since I live in LA and only get to go when I'm visiting friends in town.
Would definitely encourage hookah lovers to check them out!

A friend invited me with her on a friday night.......South East Vegas?
What the hell is in South East Vegas?
Haha but this place shut my negative criticism and she made my credible list.
Great tasting middle eastern dishes, along with a huge selection of hookah flavor, good music, and good crowd, this became my favorite place to go with friends to smoke hookah and eat.

Amazing hookah lounge that's not fussy.
Unlike Peymon's or other places... you can actually fix the hookah yourself.
I hate waiting a half hour for a staff member to simply fix the coals.
Family run.
Great dancers & music.
Not a fan of the slot machines, but its whatever.
Everything is affordable.
I have not been to a place yet that has cheaper hookah at such a good quality and I've never had better hummus anywhere else.
Definitely a must.
Also.
Get the sweetened mint tea!
Best kept secret in gv.

I was at a fun fun fun New Years' Party and the host had catered from Olive.
Interesting to note that Olive did deliver to her place (her place is a short distance from the restaurant but still, kudos for that)....I believe the cost came up to be somewhere around $10 per person which is highly reasonable.
We had bowls of Baba Ganoush (the best I've ever had), Yogurt and Cucumber Dip, Hummus, Tahini, Tabouleh Salad, jaw-dropping tasty grape leaves stuffed with rice and Falafel Sandwiches (wrapped in pita really).
All extremely fresh and yummmm.
I'm definitely a fan of their catering in addition to their Monday night music, comfy lentil soup and delectable Falafel Sandwiches.
And throw in some yogurt dip, a couple of stuffed grape leaves and their excellent Baba Ganoush and you've got yourself a dreamy Mediterranean flavor fest.

Good hookah.
This Saturday night it was like a dance club; party crowd & DJ.

I have practically lived here for the last year and a half, and with good reason.
The Olive has something for everyone.
It is the perfect combination of a hookah lounge, restaurant, and bar.
It's also slightly club-like on weekends with DJ Bushido spinning top 40, techno beats, and club music.
If you want to relax and smoke hookah while working on your laptop, you can sit on their comfortable sofas and enjoy their free Wi-fi.
Hookahs are $13 a bowl, $10 for refills - $10 and $7 during happy hour before 5pm.
They let you fix your own coals, too, which - for any hookah connoisseur - is a major plus to a hookah lounge.
If you're hungry, you can dive into some of the best Mediterranean food this city has to offer for a very fair price.
With their house salad and tabouleh and pita bread, you can't go wrong.
Shawarma sandwiches are also quite tasty.
If you want to be an alcoholic, there is a full bar with delicious mint mojitos, Lebanese beer, as well as their own specialty cocktails and all of the standard drinks for hum-drums who aren't willing to try anything new.
;)  If you want to dance, or watch girls with questionable morals grind on strange men - come late night on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays for some hip-shaking to the energizing beats of DJ Bushido.
They also have belly-dancer Mylissa, with special guests, on Saturday nights.
Overall - give it a shot!
I drive across town weekly to hang out here.
They have activities through the week as well, such as Soulful Mondays with the smooth acoustic sound of Barry Black.
The only thing I don't enjoy is the Improv Comedy on Wednesdays.

In moving to California 3 years ago, the thing I was most sad about leaving was The Olive and their Beef Shwarma dish.
This place is the best thing I've discovered since having ceased eating whatever my mom made me.
While visiting Las Vegas last year, I refused to leave without coming back here.
I brought a few friends, and they were pleasantly surprised as to how great it was!
The service is good, the food is better!

The best place I have been in Vegas very good food and very good environment I really enjoyed my birthday there and I definitely be there next time...

Thanx again Yelpers!
You have not disapointed me yet...needed an Arabic restaurant to take my Lebanse Brother in Law to for his Birthday and this did not disapoint.
Went on Sunday (Arabic) night with a band and belly dancer.
Good hookah, great food, good music (Arabic), fun ambiance.
Tried a lot of the appetizers, loved the falafels (as the rest of you) and the chicken wings were as good as any wing joint.

Went there as part of a group.
The food was fine, but nothing really blew me away.
Service was good and fast, but since I don't smoke, I really didn't like hanging around in there.
If you're not a smoker, this is not a great place for you.

Its actually a 2.5 stars but I give them the benefit of rounding it up to 3.
I have actually been coming to Olive for a few years now, I remember the original narrow corridor of the restaurant that it was and witnessed it's expansion into the gargantuan that it is today.
Located in small strip mall on Pecos and Sunset, the Olive is a Mediterranean restaurant and turns into a lounge/club for underage kids at night.
The place is massive, multiple rooms with pool tables, beer pong, private 'cabanas' and so on.
On the weekends it turns into a makeshift club with dance music, belly dancers and so on.
Alot of people come for the hookah, and the occasional live band, and UFC fight nights.
The seating is pretty good, big tables, couches, and the whole place is just pretty much red.
Some of you may ask, why give it 2.5 stars if you keep going back, well the answer is simply because often times my friends end up going there and I am not too opposed to go with.
The food is priced reasonably well, most of the dishes are under $10, and I find the cuisine to be pretty authentic.
The chicken na-na, and chips are salsa (chips are actually deep fried pita bread strips) are my two favorites.
My main issue is with the hookah and service.
The hookah is pretty hit and miss, you really have to know what to order, other wise your going to be smoking ash.
I recommend getting WIldberry Mint, but you can take gamble on one of the other ones if you want.
They make their own mixes here so nothing is really that familiar.
On top of that once they bring it out to you, they don't really help you out again.
If it goes harsh, tastes bad, or needs more coals you really have to hunt down and drag someone back to your table.
They drop off some tongs to you but its really your job to manage and fix it.
The service for food is pretty 'eh' as well.
They bring the food, and drinks out to, but after that they are never really seen again.
Overall the place is definitely not bad.
It has a decent weekend scene if your not looking to do anything over the top, but its not really anything i get excited for.

HOLY HUMMUS!
This place got it going on!
Ok, so I act like this was my first time!
LOL I always seem to congregate to this place when a bunch of us want to enjoy some hookah.
Tonight was no different.
Hookah and The Olive was the perfect remedy after a long and work-filled week.
Usually I'll just get something from the bar and hookah.
Today was a little different.
Along with the usual, we were also hungry...
So to start off, my friends got the skittles flavored hookah which is highly recommended.
I don't usually get specialty drinks, so I have no room to judge their full service bar, although I will say that our server was a little impatient and screwed up my end tab.
She was in a rush and didn't split the check as requested when we arrived, so I ended up paying for the entire table.
It's a good thing I loved everyone there.
LOL.
For food, we got a few appetizers:  The hummus with pine nuts and beef for $5.95, the seasoned fries for $3.95 and the regular fries for the same cost (only because we wanted another basket of seasoned fries but they ran out, so we had to settle with the regular basket).
To start off with the regular fries, they were crispy, shoe string type fries served with ranch and ketchup.
Although I love shoe strings, it was like your typical basket of fries.
The best way to describe the seasoned fries was that it tasted exactly like the seasoned curly fries at Jack in the Box, but these fries were straight and thicker.
I LOVE Jack's seasoned curly fries, so this basket was ON POINT for me!
Finally, I think the hummus deserves it's own paragraph.
First start off with the most fluffiest homeade pita bread.
Then top it with their phenominal hummus (pureed garbanzo beans with tahini sauce, olive oil for the hummus amateurs out there...although I have a feeling there aren't that many).
This hummus is accompanied with olive oil, pine nuts and Mediterranean flavored beef.
Talk about a WINNING combination.
It was a Mediterranean sandwich explosion of flavors!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Overall, the atmosphere is really dark and the furniture has seen some better days.
When you have time to sit and absorb the energy in the room however, you're going to realize that this place is loved amongst the surrounding locals.
Everyone is super cool and once you add hookah into the mix, you're bound to have a fantastic time!

we went on a Friday night.
Its not easy to find and once entered the guy lounging behind the door playing on his phone checking IDs was a little weird.. not professional at all.
We went into the dining / hookah room and oh my, very pretty.
We didnt like the seats we were assigned so our waiter told us we could sit at one of the couches until a group comes, since its for large groups.
We understood and sat down.. well... a second later I guess the owner or manager walks by and scolted the waiter in front of us... wth you do not bitch at your emoyees in front of customers..  made us a litte akward but oh well we moved.
We got food and oh my... SOOOOO gooooood!
Im from europe and I know how good real greek, turkish etc food is, and its pretty darn close.
The pita bread was to sin with...
I stuffed my fat cheeks with tons of pita...
Drinks were strong, and we got a hookah, double apple.
The service is a little weird... like the employees there are more into partying than making sure the customers are being kept happy promptly.
The other down is, if you want to hook up, not the place.
Not so hot people, or it was just a bad night.
But on the other hand, it would make a great spot to take some hot date :)  It was very smokey in there though, the system must not be working great.
The bill was kinda low for the tons of foods and drinks.
So plus for the good prices!!

Great place, i stop by from time to time, really friendly staff and a great DJ on friday and saturday nights!

We arrived.
Storefront cafe, okay.
Walked inside, turned to our left and entered a completely different room.
WOW!
I was stunned at how beautiful the lounge and restaurant were inside.
We ordered an array of food and some champagne.
It was a lovely time.
Good food and good people.
Who could ask for anything more.

I went to Olive for lunch on a Wednesday on a recommendation from a friend.
It's a big place, mostly empty with a couple of interesting people.
There was some smoke on the lounge side so I ate in the cafe side, the smell was wonderful even though I don't like smoking.
I had the garlic pita with a cucumber yogurt dip that was fantastic, a five star dish and a spicy chicken sandwich that was served quesadilla style with rich spicy Mediterranean spices, a three and a half star dish.
The waitress was pretty exotic looking and was very attentive, greeted me, kept the water full and even gave me some extra pitas in case the garlic was too strong for me (it wasn't, I was in garlic heaven!).
There were a lot of characters in suits walking around behind the bar and in the lounge that gave it a great flavor, and there's some pool tables next door that made me want to come back after work.
Over all, a great Las Vegas place, even for a non-smoker.
p.s.
I went for a Greek Salad with Kalamata olives, they only had black olives, and the green olives I saw were only for decoration.
A disappointment, but still a great lunch experience, I will go back and try some more food from their large menu.
Thanks for a great lunch and an experience as well!

If I had a chance I would rate this place as -1.
Was on my way to another place but did not check the timings and the place was closed when I reached.
Quickly searched for other mediterranean places nearby and called Olive to find out if the place was open.
The guy on the phone seemed very friendly and asked me what I would like to order and he could have it ready for pickup.
I asked him if I could taste the chicken before ordering it and he said that would be fine.
I am a new and very reluctant chicken eater in my quest to eat more protein so based on this info, I decided to head over to this place.
The billing desk was swamped with several waitresses, and yet it took me a few minutes to request for someone's assistance and look at the menu.
It took even longer to get someone to take my order.
The girl I spoke to, told me that they did not have sample options and I could not taste to see.
I understood but told her about my phone convo few minutes ago with someone at their restaurant.
She went to get an older lady who was possibly the manager or something, Mona.
The woman told me that they could not me taste anything as they need to prepare big batches of food for each order seperately.
Her tone seemed condescending and even though I was ready to walk out of the place, I decided to order the chicken na na as they told me it was good.
The chicken na na was supposed to be a tender marinated chicken served with lettuce and tomato and house garlic sauce.
I asked for the dish without the pita bread, to take out.
Now, I may be wrong here but I think I read the price as 6.95 but the waitress charged 8.95 plus tax for this.
The only thing worth mentioning in the dish was the garlic sauce in a yogurt base and it was pretty good.
The chicken was dry with what seemed like herbs and spices thrown over.
There was nothing tender about the chicken and I ended up taking a few bites and wasting the rest.
Cannot comment on the ambience as I took my order to go.
They could seriously benefit by having a few customer oriented staff members and improving the quality of food.
Very dissapointed and will not return even if this is the only place food is available.

I'm going to start off by saying that this review is pretty much exclusively for the service.
I have been here several times with my boyfriend (we have never had a service issue until now) and the hookah is always good, the drinks are so-so but reasonably priced and I absolutely LOVE the decor.
However, after last night, I'm not sure I will ever patronize this place again.
If I could give it 0 stars, I would.
My boyfriend and I were meeting up with his uncle and friend who were already there.
When we got there, we needed to be moved to a bigger table since they were sitting at a two seat one.
It took us 5 minutes to get the waitress to come over, despite that there were only three other small groups in the place.
When she did come over, she rolled her eyes and made a snarky comment about us moving table (the only thing we had was a hookah that needed to be moved...and she put us at the next table over so I would think that wouldn't be a big deal).
After we moved, she disappeared for 20 minutes.
When we were finally able to get drinks, she disappeared for another 45 minutes (this is not an exaggeration either).
During the whole visit, this server made us feel like we were inconveniencing her by being in her breathing space when we asked her for anything.
Her attitude made the whole group uncomfortable every time she would come over and, though we had intended to get some dinner as well while we were there, we finally got tired of being scared to ask her for anything so we just requested the bill.
When we nicely asked her to split it (and I was being beyond patient at this point.
I'm not someone who loses my temper with servers), she gave us a disgusted look and took an incredibly short, nasty tone with us but ultimately did it.
This was, no embellishing, the worst and rudest service I have ever received in my life.
My boyfriend and I were more than happy to leave and go across the street the Blue Fin, where they were more than happy to have our business.

They do have a really lovely salad with a mystery dressing that none of us can identify.
But the service was awful, had to bang on the bell several times, and the girl who came out from the back seemed irritated by us being there.
Won't go back, as I can get as good elsewhere and not feel like I'm bothering them.

I'm just gonna start off by saying this place is amazing!
The food is delicious especially the hummus and the hookah is even better.
If your not sure what kind of hookah you want just ask for what you feel like.... fruity, minty, citrus..... and they'll make you something amazing.
All the servers there are amazing but Bladen is by far the top guy.
He will always make you feel welcome and his service is always exceptional.
Overall, this place is amazing!!

Venue is stellar but staff is apathetic and shove offish.
Wait times for anything ordered is longer than necessary.
A bit overpriced and poor cocktails.
Only thing worth this place is the interior and the entertainment.

Well I am pleased to report things have changed since my last review - and changed for the better!
I complained about the hookah and service last time, but they have really upped their game.
What used to be inconsistent hookah has really become more uniform.
They switched to coconut coals which has made a huge difference.
The hookahs are much smoother and last longer.
Check out some of their custom mixes, candyland is my fave.
Plus they are on top of providing new coals when needed.
The party atmosphere has improved greatly in recent months.
There is something going on almost every night: live bands, bellydancers, magic shows you name it.
The place does get loud but thankfully there are multiple rooms if the volume is too much for ya.
On a side note: ask for Bladen, one of the best servers there!
Always on point with re-fills and recommendations.

I have been a customer of this place since I moved to Vegas.
I came in all of the time and got Candyland flavor, which is delicious, an recently have actually been hanging out and smoking hookah here more recently.
I decided to write a review hoping management would see it and make some changes to better their business.
First if all, Cuzzins tobacco is blah.
It isn't bad tasting, it just seems to lose flavor really fast compared to ANY other brand i have smoked.
(Which is practically all of them..) I know its their "signature" flavor, so there isn't much else to say here.
Service is what brought them down a star from the 5 they would have gotten originally.
More times that's not, I have to actually get up and go ask for my check or a new hookah due to the fact they rarely come check.
They do at first, but it tapers off near the end of your visit.
Many times I come in during the least busiest times and I still have this problem.
The servers are amazing and extremely friendly, but they could check up on you're frequently.
As for atmosphere, it is truly a beautiful lounge.
Plenty of seating, amazing decor, and ambient music all make it a delight to lounge at.
Edit August 19, 2013: Service has DEFINITELY improved, granting them one more star.
Still not a 5 star joint simply because of the previous mentioned facts, but they are doing a bang-up job nowadays.

I enjoyed the hookah, I got the chance to meet Jay and some of his staff so it was a pretty great experience, I took my girlfriend to have some food and enjoy a hookah...
It was Arabic night so they played Arabic music the whole time that eventually got annoying and was the reason I left, but the few times before they had a great band, I would defiantly recommend this place to anyone visiting that was looking for good music, food, hookah and drinks...

I came here for a friends surprise birthday party.
I arrived around 9 pm so it was pretty empty in the place.
I was surprised at the size and amount of chairs they have to seat people.
Very nice, dark layout.
It could deem as a great place to chill and hang out with friends after a long day.
However, the service here is a bit lacking.
There were a lot of waitresses that night and they were huddling around the bar anticipating whether or not it'd be a busy night as I heard through their conversations.
It was really dead and it was my first time there so I had no idea how it was on a busy night.
I was really hungry while waiting for more people to arrive so I ordered a beef wrap and some hummus.
Both weren't bad at all.
I thought it was weird that the server took my card and opened up a tab for me as I was intentionally planning on not drinking that night, but I didn't say anything about it to her anyway.
More people started arriving about an hour later and the lounge gradually started filling up as well.
We had a whole row of seats and couches for our party, but as more people started showing up the servers started to get anxious as we were flowing out of the specific area they had for us.
There were also several hookahs out.
It seemed as if they didn't want all that business for them or couldn't handle that many people.
They ended up making all of us get up and relocate into this bland side room which was away from all the music so it was a really weird atmosphere.
It wasn't as comfortable as the lounge seating they had for typical guests, but they said we were taking up too much room out there apparently.
We did not get much service in this room either.
I understand it turned into a pretty busy night, but I think they could've used another waitress or two to staff our large party.
When I finally received my tab at the end of the night, I noticed they double charged me on my bill.
The waitress seemed a little upset about this even though it wasn't my fault claiming that someone else had charged me extra, not her, but she refunded me in cash so it was okay.
The whole ordeal and events of the night made me feel like I never wanted to come back again.
At least the people I was with made the night a little more enjoyable.

Pretty good atmosphere.
The only thing that lacks is the music.
No variety.
But if you like radio hip hop, you'll totally love this place.

Stopped here last week to conclude a graduation celebration.
When this place was decided upon, I was a little skeptical because I am not a huge fan of hookah or being around the smoke, but I went anyway.
We arrived and were notified of some show there with live bands and belly dancers.
The cost was $10.
With that you got a drink.
None of us wanted to pay due to the time.
Luckily, there was space available where we didn't have to pay and they were kind enough to seat our large party.
The place is pretty big and has separate rooms.
I wasn't able to go into the big room, due to the event, but I did take a peek and from what I saw, it seemed big and colorful.
Low lighting sets a chill atmosphere.
My plan was to not spend any money, but that didn't happen.
We looked at the menu and said, "Ohh, that looks good...and that!
" so my plan of not spending any money went up in the smoke of the hookah.
We ordered the Olive Mediterranean Combo which came with hummus, baba ganoush, feta cheese, cucumber, yogurt salad, tomatoes, olives and tabouleh along with 2 orders of fries.
My, my I went to town on this combo!
They serve warm pita bread with this too and I can't tell you how many I ate.
There was only one of these minis that didn't agree with my taste buds.
The combo was awesome and you can't beat the price either for all that food.
The lady who was helping us said we were one of the liveliest groups she's had in a while and loved us.
We loved her as the service was excellent!
She and co-workers checked in to see how we were doing.
They checked the hookahs of others and if we needed anything, they made it happen.
Prompt, friendly service is what they are about.
Our evening was so enjoyable and a great way to end a night of celebration.

The hookah lounge at Olive is fantastic!
I went for the first time last Saturday night (6/1/13).
It has more of a nightclub feel than a casual hookah lounge, which is perfect for a Saturday night.
They played a great mix of current and old school songs, and as the night went on, more on more people were dancing on the stage.
They also had bellydancers.
The service was amazing (especially compared to other hookah places in town).
They came by constantly to take drink orders, food orders, give us new coals, etc.
We didn't order much food because none of us were very hungry, but what we ordered was delicious: baba ganoush (this one was the best), hummus with meat and pine nuts, lentil soup, labneh, chicken fingers.
I didn't like their pita bread - it was really thin and I prefer doughier pita.
The hookahs were smooth and really long-lasting.
We ordered a jasmine-mint and one of the special ones from the menu (I can't remember the name, but it was all of our favorite).
They kept coming by to change the coals and shake when necessary.
We didn't stay too long and eventually left to go to aria.
But overall, a great experience and we would go back!

Went here last friday to smoke some hookah and have a drink.
It was not too crowded got seated fast.
The kitchen was closed but the waitress was able to get us some fires which was great.
We got the hookah fast and the melon/mint was great.
The DJ was playing some good beats.
I always have a good time when I come here.

I love the hookah here, it also helps they have food and drinks ..
I recommend the chicken "Shweerma" or how every Thats spelled .. And house tea with honey :) ... Their service also nice they remember their regulars.

Cool place.
Big shots, cute waitress, and nice service.
I don't smoke hookah, but my friends enjoyed theirs.

Some places are worth a second chance:  Lately I have been stopping by the Olive hookah lounge on Sunset.
It is a great place for hookah and to hang out.
The hookah is on par, it doesn't get harsh too quickly and tends to last a while (which is a plus) and for the most part the "coal guys" come around frequently to check if the hookah is good for coals, if it is too harsh, etc.
The alcohol and food is reasonably priced and good.
My favorite thing on the menu so far is the Lebneh which is a type of Mediterranean yogurt dip that's ridiculously good!
The hummus is great and I heard their version of a grilled cheese is good too.
The chicken shawarma is just okay, sometimes the chicken tends to be over cooked and dry and the seasoning is lackluster, they should think about getting the recipe from the cook at the Almaza Hookah Lounge for how to cook chicken.
The DJ nights are really cool and the Wonder Ground is a good time for mini magic shows.
They have a belly dancer would is their resident dancer and she is great!
The only day I would say to avoid is Sunday because they have a singer that sounds like he is gargling water and sometimes they ask for a cover to listen to this guy.
My final comments: I would say is the servers are great, attentive and friendly the owner, Mona, first off should take notes from her staff on customer service because she reminds me of Raz from Monster's Inc. you know, "Don't forget to file your paperwooork" ...she is typically DRY and RUDE.
I would like to also mention that if you are going to the Olive I would recommend wearing clothes that you are planning to wash or burn (just kidding) because it's kind of like subway...there is an Olive-Stench that tends to linger on your clothing if you are planning on staying a while.
Soak, Wash, Dry, Repeat.
Other than that, the place is all around a good time, great atmosphere, and a great hangout spot for hookah and drinks.

I give it two stars cause the food was tasty but the service and the price trickery, the servers and attitude sux.
Has great potential.

A fantastic idea for a birthday party.
It was an adventure for all of us, but that's what we get at a 50th birthday bash.
Very reasonably priced for a party 15.
We ordered Sangria, which was pretty good, and Mediterranean sampler platters, which were so good, just the right blend and not over fragrant, some restaurants over do it, but not The Olive.
The hookah was fun and  exciting for most of us who had never tried it.
We went on a Monday night and the live band was Barry Black and the Sensuals and they made the night even better, they are hot, hot, hot!
We will definitely be back and maybe bring our husbands to try it out.

By far the best hookah lounge in town.
I don't even like hookah lounges but this one I go to often.
Great atmosphere and to top it off the BEST food by far!
I'd give this place 10 stars if I could.

This is one of the best places in Las Vegas for middle eastern food.
I  am not able to eat there right now because I  am pregnant and cannot sit in the restaurant with all the smoke but I still order take out and drive all the way across town just to get the shawarma.
The absolute best!

My favorite guy and I came to shoot some pool, smoke some hookah and grab a bite...truthfully, we did not expect for the food to be as good as it was.
Tried the spicy chicken and the Greek salad.
Definite repeat :)

I've been coming here off and on for a few years.
It's either the Olive or Paymons for my wife and I.
The two places, however, are complete polar opposites and you need to consider the mood you're in before coming here.
The hookah is the best in town, but the place can get pretty noisy, at least on Saturday nights when we come.
So if you're in an up beat mood and want to go where all the hipsters and party people smoke hookah then this is your place.
They even have a separate area for 18-20 crowd with pool tables.
It's a pretty cool place overall.

Holy hell, I want to give a shout out to the majorly aware bouncer from last night that saved my life.
While picking up my delicious take out, I was being harassed by some gross dude who wouldn't stop following me out to the parking lot.
All I had to do was make eye contact with the security guy and he jumped right up and was right with me.
After potential Rapezilla got the message, the bouncer asked if I was ok and I was on my way.
Bouncer... door man... security... whatever, I would like to call this legend my hero.
PS- The food is amazing and the servers are awesome.
I've been to a TON of Mediterranean restaurants, and I feel crazy lucky to live back in Vegas just to have the Olive close by.

The Olive is a great place to eat, smoke, study, or dance on the weekend!
I love to come alone, with friends or guests.
I have lived in Las Vegas for 13 years, and of all the Hookah lounges I have been to, the Olive Mediterranean Gril is by far the best.
Anything you eat is also the best in Las Vegas; try the babba ganoush, hummus, falafel (sorry for the spelling),  lentil soup, and enjoy the atmosphere.

Came to the hookah bar portion of this restaurant last weekend for a co-worker's birthday party.
I walked in and was already impressed at how nice the lounge was...ambient lighting, comfy couches and chairs and attentive waitresses/bartenders.
As a group, we ordered a bunch of hookahs, drinks and appetizers, which all came out very quickly and efficiently, even when we ordered dozens of shots/drinks at a time.
The waitresses constantly came by to check on us and the manager even stopped by a few times to greet our large group (we had a cabana and 3-4 tables reserved).
There was also a live DJ that was pretty good, spinning mostly top 40 and hip hop music.
Overall we had a great time and I would definitely consider coming back here to chill in the future.

You will never have better hummus in your life.
This place is my go-to for hummus and pita.
Pro-tip: the hummus can be had with steak and pine nuts.
DO THIS.
I've never ordered a main dish off the menu.
I always tell them to just give me pita bread opened up like an envelope stuffed full of feta and steak, with a big bowl of pepperoncinis on the side.
It's wonderful.
The meat is great, the feta here is great, it's such a simple and delicious dish.
I've stolen pieces of many different things that my companions have ordered and they have all, also, been delicious.
This place can do no wrong as far as I'm concerned.

This is one of my favorite hookah lounges in town.
They have great service with really nice staff.
After having gone there for years, the entire staff knows my name and will always greet me when I sit down.
The food there is always really good.
My favorites being The Chicken NaNa, the spicy Mediterranean chicken wrap and the hummus.
They also have great teas and coffees that are always enjoyable.
The hookah is the real reason I go there though.
They have a great selection with really great quality tobacco.
Some of my favorite mixed being Pumkin and vanilla, sweet november, bunny bomb, Saphire, and Godfather grape mint.
My one complaint is that on the weekends it turns into a club environment.
When I go I like to go to chill and relax.
The DJ is usually so loud on the weekends that you cant even have a conversation with someone sitting right next to you, which also makes ordering a pain in the ass.
Overall though, a great place with great prices.

I don't come here for the hookah, I only come for the food with my husband.
We both love the hummus with the steak and pine nuts.
Very flavorful!
And then while my husband creates some pita sandwich concoction that he loves so much which I think consists of feta cheese and steak, l go for the old standby beef shawarma - which I love.
The service can be a little slow at times, but a good place to go for the occasional shawarma craving.

Meh.
I've had better.
Maybe I'm spoiled because my first shawarma experience was in Chicago... and it was mouth-wateringly, still-dreaming-about-it delicious.
I have yet to find a good shawarma place in Vegas, which is both disappointing and surprising.
Amena Bakery & Deli is the best shawarma I've had so far in the area though.
The Olive was just disappointing all around.
The pitas may have been warm, but they were not pillowy at all, and weren't anything to write home about (Amena's pitas are AWESOME).
The shawarma had an ok flavor, but was kind of dry.
I've had better flavored falafel just about everywhere else I've been, though they did taste fresh, and had a nice texture.
Sadly, my favorite part of the dish was the lettuce, tomatoes, and tahini sauce... just sad.

What a neat place, and a great way to end my whirlwind birthday trip to Vegas!
Great drinks, shisha, and excellent live music on a Sunday night.
My cousin (whom I hadn't seen since I was 11), her boyfriend and I arrived a bit early, so we parked ourselves right in front of the stage, where Barry Black from The Voice was slinging some lovely '90s nostalgia and original jams with The Sensuals.
Before I knew it, the place was packed and the place was bumping full of people singing along to Here Comes The Hotstepper.
Service is quick and friendly, the ambience is intimate and cozy, and the prices are pretty reasonable.
Would love to come back any time I am back in Vegas!

First of all I'm going to target the music, once there is a live band, for me, you can do no wrong.
Wait.
I lied.
It can be terribly wrong!
But The Olive has one up on catastrophe by having Mr. Barry Black on payroll,  he is phenomenal!!
What a voice!
His set was amazing and his entire team had me in awe.
The hookah menu was great, the godfather and mint=sexy   Service was amazing, the waitress kept my drink on tap (I don't drink soooo limes and club soda), her eyes were on us the entire time.
My friends always had their drinks topped off.
Music, friends and hookah, I only think the place needs to be bigger!!

Ordered their Chicken Na-Na, Lebni, and Falafel Wrap, and peach ice teas.
All three were simply delicious.
The chicken Na-Na had a silky seasoning; very good pair with the garlic dipping sauce, which was out of this world.
My Falafel Wrap was unique and delicious.
The flavor of my falafel was classic but was presented in a unique manner.
The Lebni was really the best part for both of us.
Serving size was just right, so was the price.
I would recommend this to anyone who wants persian-lebanese mediterranean food...best so far in Vegas.

After reading a few Yelp reviews, I decided on Olive for dinner.
Friends were arriving in Vegas for an event and this was a good first stop.
Walked in the front door and immediately thought it was weird.
A few empty tables.
Then there was the party room that was being decorated for the New Years festivities.
There was no host, no designated server, just people walking around and preparing the place.
Decorations for a balloon drop at midnight and the DJ stage.
According to one person who worked there, it was sold out.
The place was empty but I felt like I was intruding.
"Well, you can sit in there but we're getting ready for the party.
" Uh, it's 6:30 already and there wasn't a soul in there.
Finally, she agreed to seat us where we wanted, right in the middle of it all.
I didn' t want to be in a boring room with no action.
Food was OK, nothing great.
I had a Greek salad that was satisfactory.
The server ended up being friendly and willing to answer questions about the menu and the plan for the evening.
We weren't invited however.
So, if you're planning and preparing for a party and you don't really want to hassle with any patrons, then lock the door.
I wouldn't have been insulted had you been closed.
I might consider this next time in town to see what it's like NOT on a holiday.

I am such a fan of this place now.
I went there years ago and it wasn't terribly impressive, but we stopped by last week and the difference is amazing!!
It's HUGE now, they had the most wonderful band, Barry Black playing on Monday night, the food is tasty and the hookah is great.
Service was friendly and we never ran out of drinks or hot coal.
Fantastic experience!

Do not let the association of "hookah lounge" discourage this place for its food.
First there are 3 rooms:   1.
Sofa seating, dim lighting, live music (occasionally)   2.
Cafe style table and chairs, well lit up and quiet.
Game room with pool table and sofas, well lit up and quiet as well.
So there's something for all.
I personally am not into the dark rooms.
Now the food: the food here is really really good!
I stop by just to get the beef wrap.
1 is pretty good to get you filled up in around 8 bucks you can't go wrong.
And the dipping sauce that comes with it is to die for.
It misses the last star because the tea here leaves much to be desired.
I've had better mint tea else where.

Came here last night with a friend after not coming here for years only because its on the opposite side of town for me, it is still the same excellent food, amazing hookah really good bar and great atmosphere, we had the godfather hookah which smoked for over 2 hours which is great as well as fireball shots, and that was very yummy, I will definitely be going here more often :)

Good food  Good service  Good atmosphere Good hookah  Good good good  everything it's good I like this place !!!!

The stars are really only for the hookah, it's pretty great.
The service is hit or miss.
The staff kinda stands in a circle formation with their backs to the room so you end up trying to wave them down a lot and then you look insane.
Been there several times but the last time we got sick from the food so will not be eating there again.
The sound system needs serious help, especially during their live music.
The door guy is also a D. Not sure why, he's just checking ID's at hookah lounge.

You can't beat the olives prices !
The food and hookah are the best in town .
The service is awesome as well , the servers remember your name they go over and beyond to make sure you get the best seat .

I'm a hookah lounge snd music aficionado and this place is everything I could ask for under one roof.the atmosphere is a beautiful Arabian nights theme, complete with a full bar (yay!
) And delicious food.
For everything we ordered,  the price was so reasonable and worth  every penny.
The service was amazing,  everyone was smiley,  sweet and welcoming.
Hookah was right on!
I recommend mixing gummy bear with pineapple and watermelon kiwi.
Mm mm.
The star of the night was barry black rocking the stage with live musical talent that put mw in the best mood the entire night.
I only wish we had such an epic place like this in LA, INCLUDING barry black and his crew.
Thank u all for the perfect night.
Definitely coming back next time I'm in vegas.

Let's start with the service: terrible!!!
I don't go here for the service, just the food.
I love the gyro, grape leaves are my favorite in the valley, and the hummus with meat and pine nuts are amazing.
All ways fresh and yummy

Can't get enough of this place great food and relaxing atmosphere...
I'm picky about my middle eastern food and this place has become a new favorite...
Grab some food and a hookah if you haven't checked it out stop in...

I would love to come back here again.
It was a perfect mix of everything.
Hummus, pickled turnip, fresh baked pita, olives, falafel, margaritas, hookah, live Arabic band on the keyboard, and bellydancing.
The ambience was romantic and exotic and just beautiful.
Just perfect!

