Technology Galaxy is a horrible seller.
A fly-by-night operation.
I paid extra for "expedited shipping" on Sunday, and they sat on their hands all day Monday and only shipped on Tuesday.
And they shipped FedEx GROUND!
Some expedited shipping!
The packaging could not have been worse.
They just threw the KVM switch into another box and threw a small piece of lightweight brown paper in there with it.
There was absolutely no possible way that that light paper could have protected it.
What a joke.
They don't answer their phones.
It's the same message no matter when in 24 hrs you call "due to unexpectedly high call volume we can't take your call, leave a message" and they DON'T call back.
I finally got a hold of a guy named Mark who lied to me the entire 15 minute conversation.
I asked him several times if they shipped it ground and he said no, it was express.
Bald-faced liar.
He promised me a tracking number Tuesday evening (how nice!
) but never sent it, I had to email them and they sent it Thursday.
I only reached them when I called over and over again in rapid succession.
It was obvious that they answered just to stop the phone from ringing.
This was the case both times I spoke with them.
The 2nd time after talking to them I accidentally called back and the guy said he answered because he saw the caller ID that it was me.
Well that means they sit there and watch the phones ring and don't bother answering them.
Their return policy is horrible too.
15% restocking fee.
Amazon uses them as a vendor.
Beware.
DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THESE DISHONEST LOSERS.

Ordered an item, did not receive any confirmation.
When I asked about this they emailed me a copy of my invoice.
Waited a week, got nothing.
Called and left a message, got an email reply saying my order had been cancelled.
You couldn't have told me that yourself?
I have to wait a week and ask you where my item is before you tell me I'm not getting it?
Absolutely do not order from this company.

Placed order online.
Waited.
Never got product.
Would check status online at their website and it would just say "open".
Any time you call you get same recorded message saying "Due to high volume of phone calls we cannot answer but please leave a message and someone will call you back".
Left message and no one called me.
Finally sent email to their sales staff email and got a message back they could not get an eta on my order so they were just going to cancel it.
What a bunch of total bs.

