Sababa is a kosher mediterranean restaurant; appropriately, it offers minimal flavor and maximal hand washing facilities.

I liked that as soon as we walk in there, we hear all the employees yelling at each other in their native tongue (Israeli?).
The falafel was good.
But I don't get how people say its supposed to be healthy.
Yeah, its just a wad of veggies, but its deep fried, man.
Anyways, it was tasty.
I got a falafel salad plate.
The salad was like typical mediterranean salad (cucumbers, tomato, whatever), but the iceberg lettuce was kinda wilted in the middle of the day.
The dressing was good, though.
Even though people were yelling at each other, I'm sure it was with the lovingest of words.
The joint seemed to be run by a family.
And I like that.

Coming from NY, I was skeptical to find someplace, anyplace, that had at least half as decent ethnic food as back in NYC.
Someone told me about this place, and I decided to go check it out.
It is a Kosher Mediterrannean restaurant.
They are observant, hence the seperate sinks for washing your hands before you eat.
It is not required, but one should be courteous.
Nuff said.
The food.
I was impressed.
The falafel was pretty good.
(Nothing will top Mamouns in NYC in my opinion, but this ran a very close second).
The schwarma was deleicious.
Warm, juicy, and fresh.
Just go ahead and get it with all the toppings.
You won't regret it.
Bourekas were ok, again, not the greatest, but I think that was because I was set on having the mushroom ones and all they had left was sesame (it was about 8:30 on a saturday, I believe they close at 9).
All and all, it was good.
I would definitely go back.
I'm glad to see food like this showing up in the Valley.
Definitely makes me a little less homesick, for sure.

Excellent falafel.
Very good shwarma.
Decent hummus.
Pita is so-so.
They have an awesome hotsauce.
The best thing on the menu in my opinion is the steak kabab though it's also the most expensive.
Observes sabbath and Jewish holidays.

Really terrific falafel, hummus, shawarma and kabobs!
If you like spicy, definitely try the hot sauce.
It's homemade and has a great flavor.
The owner is really friendly and accomodating.
All of the people who work there are great.
I have never seen anyone use the sink in the dining room.
I thought it was decorative!
Oh well, we usually get our food to go anyway.
I have to keep reminding myself that this place closes early on Friday (3pm, I think) and is not open on Saturdays.

Hands down the best falafel I've had in Vegas!!
That's not saying much cuz the 6 other places I've tried it were all below par.
Then again, I too have been spoiled by Mamoun's in NYC for so long.
AND they have shawarma on a spit!!
Not some chopped up lamb they put in a pan and call shawarma.
Its the real deal, baby!!
The pita tasted like it was freshly baked.
Not 100% sure on that though.
My only gripe are the prices.
$11 for a falafel and hommus plate seems a bit much but when they're the best one around my area I guess I'll suck it up every once in a while.
I plan on getting the shawarma salad the next time I go.

Note: This review is based on a visit that happened some time ago, before I was active on Yelp.
So although this is not based on a recent experience, it was still an experience that made me not want to give this place a second chance.
A friend and I visited this place in hopes of trying some good food we've never had before.
We're open to try just about anything.
Unfortunately during our visit, we were never really given the chance to try their food.
Upon entering we see a menu with lots of food items that we had never been introduced to at that time.
We let people go ahead of us in line to give ourselves a chance to scan the menu for things we wanted to try.
After a making our decisions we stepped forward and placed our orders.
At least, we think we did.
We looked at one of the workers in the eyes and told him what we wanted, and he acknowledged us; maybe not the food we ordered, but he acknowledged the fact that we were talking to him.
My friend and I shrug and continue moving forward in the line and get ready to pay.
Now for some reason, we became completely invisible to the employees.
We tried to see how much our meal was, tell them what we ordered, etc.
We were flat out ignored while the people in front of and behind us continued with their business, ordering food and then paying for it.
The two of us stood around confused and tried to get someone's attention to confirm that our order had been placed.
No such luck.
After getting frustrated with the customer service, a customer comes up to my friend and asks if his drink contains milk (we had stopped by It's A Grind and he had a frozen coffee drink).
We confirmed that milk was an ingredient, and the customer asked us to leave and finish the drink outside due to the restaurant being a kosher establishment.
Having spent the time waiting in line, ordering, waiting to pay, being completely ignored and then being asked to leave by another customer, my friend and I left out of frustration.
This is the only time I've left an establishment frustrated and disappointed without even experiencing the services/food that they offer.

No doubt the BEST falafel in Vegas!
Not sure why some of you out there are haters, but maybe you should try it again.
Everyone I have even taken there has been really satisfied with their meal.
This place has phenomenal falafel, truly the BEST I have ever had (by the way, I am not from Vegas but moved here for a short 1 year stint from LA... so I have had plenty of falafel in my time)...  Its Kosher, so no milk products of any kind, but some cool Israeli soda drinks available and the made-to-order falafel is awesome, hummus heavenly and pita is really, really light and delish!!
The hotsauce is some heavely spicy green thing that is on fire, the extras on the sandwich are great!
Shawarma - YUMMY.
Hummus - mmmm, mmmm good!
OK - I am not Kosher (with a name like Kristin, hard to believe, I know) but I think this place is awesome.
Almost makes me want to be Kosher, so I could justify eating here daily...    Super fresh food, clean, quick.
The guys behind the counter a friendly.
Big ups for this place.
Only draw back, closed Saturdays (which is when I tend to have my falafel cravings) and all Jewish holidays...

I had a pretty strange experience at Sababa.
A friend and I arrived around 2pm, so it was after the lunch crowd was gone.
There was one woman eating on a table and there was just one guy running the place (at least that was visible) and he was in front of the counter.
He was a nice guy and gave us each a sample falafel to try.
It was good and we ordered our food.
The food was mediocre and I was really surprised to see that my part of the bill was $17!
I found the place to be overpriced and a little on the bland side.
It made me a little nervous that there was only one guy there and he was taking orders, preparing the food AND handling cash.
I just got a weird vibe from the place in general.

I wanted to try something new, something I've never tried so I decided on Israeli food so I stopped at Sababas.
I can not say that this is the best falafel in town since it's the only one I've tried.
but I can say that it's really good and I will stop for more!.
Staff is very friendly and helpful since I was not familiar with the menu.
The place was very small so it looked kind of busy.
I had my food to go but next time I'm planing to eat there.

Interested in trying an awesome Kosher place?
Or some good vegetarian food?
Well, hey, hey!
I absolutely dig on Sababa!
Although the only thing I have ever had is the falafel sandwich.
It is a pita with hummus, falafel, hot sauce and veggies (choice of lettuce, tomato, cucumber, pickles.
) They also offer Shawarma, hot dogs, cold cut sandwiches, and baklava.
The baklava I tried was really good too!
I believe I tried three different pieces.
Yumm.

I've tried hummus and falafel at just about every place i can find that has it and Sababa's is EASILY the best.
Well, the falafel has a competitor in a place in CA i had once, but the hummus is seriously the best of the best of the best.
Other than those, I think the only other thing I have tried is the beef kabobs...
Pretty expensive, but also one of the best ever and well worth it.
My only complaint with the place is the ordering/eating/paying system  - especially when it's busy.
That's the order - order first  at the counter (which can be a little chaotic), then go sit and eat at a table, then pay at the register.
So the flow is a little awkward, but not enough to give it less than 5 stars for the best hummus, falafel, and kabobs, i've ever had on a consistent basis for the 4+ years we've been going there.

Delicious food!
It is a bit on the expensive side, but worth every penny!
Their falafel is out of this world, as is their hummus, pita and kabobs!
The owner is super friendly and always checks on us to make sure we are enjoying our meal.
Try it, you won't be disappointed!

Did they change their falafel recipe here?
I think they did.
I just had lunch here and it was really "meh".
$16 for a shawarma (which after cutting the off the spit still needed to be grilled for an additional 5 minutes) and falafel platter.
Pita was really tough too.
Forget it.
I'm done.
Guess its time to check out Mad Pita!

This is the best falafel in Las Vegas, and I spent the summer in the Middle East so I totally feel qualified to tell you this.
The owner is an intimidating macho Israeli Sabra type, though, the other reviewers do not lie.
It is, however, miles better than the other kosher falafel place.

Ate last night and was greeted by an abrupt and annoying middle eastern man that seemed to mean well, but wouldn't leave me alone as a studied the vast selection of dishes.
If I had to guess, he's probably Israeli, and these people have an abrupt way about them -fine, no prob.
I eventually just told them what I was looking for, and they suggested some sort of chicken plate.
I also had a snapple, and given this is basically a falafel stand, I was pretty surprised to be charged $22 for what I had ordered.
Given the food was mediocre AT BEST, and given it was served in a foam container in a fast food enviroment, I was dissapointed on the value front.
I've had WAY better middle eastern food at a fraction of the cost whether it be Lebanese, Persion or Afgan..
Anyway, the part that really ruined the meal for me what fact that the other very kind (non-middle eastern) gentlemen who served me actually handled my pita with his bare hands, and he had two old, worn dirty band-aids on each of his thumbs which certainly came in contact wtih my food.
Absolutely disgusting, and totally lacking in any sort of basic food-service hygene.
The original guy was so annoying I didn't even bother bringing up the issue, I just tossed the pita bread in the trash when I got home and wondered how much food this guy touches with his dirty band-aid hands.
All in all, $22 for a crap experience.

We loved eating here.
The staff was super helpful assisting us with our order.
I'm a vegetarian and my boyfriend eats only meat so we are totally challenged in where we are going to dine.
This place was perfect.
Awesome falafel!!!
The staff even gave my boyfriend a falafel sample to draw him since he is frightened of healthy food.
And guess what?
He found out it was awesome.
Thanks Sababa's!

One word.
SALTY!
They seriously  need to watch the amount of salt they put in their food.
I ordered the shawarma in pita and I've never had such a salty meal before.
I've lived in the middle-east (Bahrain) my entire life and shawarma's don't taste this salty or are so over priced in that part of the world.
If you're looking for authentic its definitely not here.

I got pretty much exactly what I expected when I hit up Sababa for the first time with my Groupon.
They were overstaffed and I felt like I was at a used car dealership and not a restaurant.
Without really having a chance to review the menu, they were telling me what I should get.
Who am I to argue, though, so I got their mixed platter.
Pretty much everything they make is on the platter, and it was all really good.
But the entire meal, I kind of felt like I was being watched by the staff.
In their defense, they just wanted me to like it.
But instead, it made me think, hmm, not sure I'll be back here before they do a Groupon deal again...

Decent Israeli restaurant here in Vegas.
Falafel were ok, a little salty for my tastes but the shawarma more than made up for it, it was delicious.
And the pita were excellent, still soft and warm.
The houmos was good to, it didn't overpower the shawarma.
To preface this, I just moved back to the states from a period of living and working in Israel, so I was kinda of disappointed that they didn't have Laffa.
Overall, a quite decent Israeli restaurant that I will come back to when the craving hits and I'm on that side of town.

For the past several times that I've been coming to Vegas and to the Vons Shopping Center (not certain of the name) I've noticed Sababa.
Actually, I never knew it was called Sababa since what really jumped out at me was the Falafel + Pita + Soda deal for $6.95.
I've always had a penchant for Middle Eastern food and kept hoping we'd stop by one day since we always go to Easy Life, which is located in the same plaza.
So during this past trip, I really had a hankering for something Middle Eastern and kept hounding my sister about it.
We were supposed to go to Zaytoon, a Persian eatery/market but the name and location eluded me at the moment so we came here instead.
I had entered the restaurant with the aforementioned deal on my mind but once I was inside and glanced upwards at the menu I had no idea what I wanted.
The owner who is Israeli and definitely loud and proud about his restaurant immediately asked if we've been here before and we told him "no".
He then gave my sister and me a falafel ball topped with a dollop of houmos to try out exclaiming that it was the best in the world.
I've never particularly liked falafel since it's a vegetarian item and I need my meat but I'll admit it helped whet my appetite!
We ended up ordering the Sababa Special, which the establishment touts as the "Ultimate Pu Pu Platter.
" For $17.95, it came with falafel, houmos, kababs, pita bread, shawarma, and salad.
It was alright and the portion seemed small at first, but I got full off it even though I had to share with my sister.
We also ordered a four piece appetizer thing that came with some bourekas and other stuff.
I would have liked the houmos to have been less salty and the shawarma to have been beef (they don't have lamb here) rather than chicken.
The service was also pretty good since the workers were pretty attentive.
This place is like a hybrid of sorts since it's not entirely fast food but it's also not exactly a sit-down establishment either.
You need to order at the counter but you have the option of paying upfront or after you finish eating and must pay at the counter regardless.
They bring the food to you and they come to you to ask if you need drink refills but there are no designated servers.

awesome falafel!

This is my go-to place for kabobs and falafel.
Also their pita is hands down one of the best I've had.
It's fresh, warm, and chewy.
When I moved to Vegas, I was worried that I would not be able to find a good kabob place, but then my friend told me that owner of the place we frequented in Boston (Rami's) opened a place in Vegas.
I was so excited, and thought it had to be fate.
It just doesn't get much better than this!
I know several people commented on the price, but I don't mind paying more for quality food.
I would say that the Sababa special is enough to feed two people.
It's a great sampler if you don't know what you want.

Lately I've been eating here about once a week, so not sure why I have yet to review this place.
I have a bestie that is a vegetarian.
She convinced me to try falafel for the first time and I love it here!
It's always fresh because you can watch them cook it after you order.
The hot sauce on the falafel pita is amazing!
It's quite hot so be careful.
The crunchy pickles and veggies also add the perfect punch to the savory pita.
The $6.95 falafel pita +soda is such a deal for lunch.

The hubby and I shared the Sababa combo platter (~$18).
It has 2 pita breads, hummus, falafal, turkey shawerma (yeah I know unusual, right?
), and beef kabobs all preceded by a medium-largish size salad.
We also ordered fries.
The salad was good, they make it to order with the ingredients on the cold bar and with tahini dressing, yum!
turkey shawerma--interesting; It wasn't dry but I guess I prefer the beef/lamb type.
hummus--tasty; nothing out of the ordinary.
pita bread--not the greatest; I don't think they make it there, it wasn't warm.
falafal--really good (def.
order these) crunchy on the outside soft and flavorful in the inside.
beef kabobs--these were the best item on the combo; juicy, flavorful, but too small.
I wanted more!
Fries--standard; came frozen from a bag.
The thing that irked us was their hours.
They are really inconvenient.
I understand that the owner must be a devout Jew to close at 3pm on Fridays and all day Saturdays.

This place has the best pita sandwhiches i have ever had.
Their pickles and hot sauce are my favorite ingredients.
The only thing that sucks is I typically want to go on Saturday and they are not open.

I have to give this a low rating, The owner Has another Restaurant in Mass.
and is doing alright, Partly because he has the quick to the Strip locations, and yes Religios Jews DO come to Conventions....but, The Shwarma is put on his Greasy Black Griill, and he is almost as goos as Copperfield with his Magic, we had a party of 6 with 2 kid's, he will tell you he gonna make you a little this a little that and some Pita and Salad, with canned soda we were presented with a 180.00$ check!
!, all but the couple that knew him from Boston got HOT, we actually got him down to 140.00 bucks, but c'mon...God is watching ALL of us Romy!

Their beef shish kabob is by far the best kosher beef shish kabob in the US.
It's delicious.
Their falafel and shwarma are ok.

Had the chicken shawarma with hummous, falafel and salad - everything was excellent.
Came with a big, soft piece of pita bread which was also amazing - most pita you get tends to be hard and thin, but this was soft and fluffy and great.

Came here at lunchtime...but since I hadn't rolled my dissolute ass out of bed more than two hours prior, it was really breakfast.
What do you order at a Middle Eastern joint for breakfast?
I had the falafel pita and a cup of black tar sludge, aka Turkish coffee.
It was GREAT!
The falafel pita was jam-PACKED with all kinds of chopped up veggie stuff and was truly delish.
The sludge was thick and tarry, just the way I like it.
The staff was friendly and downright jovial, and the facilities were clean and pleasant.
The atmo was somewhere between the typical suburban Vegas strip mall aesthetic and a Tel Aviv Starbucks: bleached blonde JAP on her BlackBerry in the front, Hasid on his MacBook Pro at the table in the back, Israeli snacks and Mentos for sale on the counter, good times all around.
I will DEFINITELY return to this place for lunch/breakfast/whatever...dinner maybe not so much, since the menu WAS kinda pricey.

I like this restaurant because it is a good place for mixed groups of vegetarians and meat-eaters.
I had a mushroom boureka, and it was an amazing little pastry of buttery, flaky, savory goodness.
The spinach boureka was also good, but I could have had about 5 of the mushroom.
My husband had chicken shawarma, which he said was very tasty.
The man behind the counter also gave us samples of the falafel, which I found to be flavorful without being dry in that oh-my-god-this-falafel-is-going-to-choke-me way.
Yes, it's a bit expensive, but many of their food items take longer than the average hamburger to prepare, and I'm ok with that.
Plus things like Phyllo dough aren't exactly cheap.
Since I'm not going to take hours to put together something so yummy at home, I don't mind paying a bit extra when I feel like a special yet casual lunch.

The food is alright, but a little pricey, and it wasn't as inviting as I'd like.
Let's put it this way...I haven't gone back since, but think it's a fine place...

Their food is fine.
Their prices are too high for what you get.
I won't go out of my way to eat there but if I'll be in the neighborhood and  have the craving for this kind of food, I'll eat there again.

Simply great food, that is tasty, healthy and inexpensive.
Vegas doesn't have many places like this.
You should go.

As a long time resident of Boston/Brookline and Rami's fab middle eastern food on Harvard St. in Coolidge Corner, I was so happy to find Rami in Las Vegas!
Now that I'm living in Los Angeles, I ALWAYS make it a point to visit Rami's Sababa restaurant here.
The kababs and the Rami's Special plate is not to be missed... it has a little bit of everything and the perfect meal.
The toughest ting I have to do is figure out what I want to eat when I am there.
And oh, the place is always SPOTLESS.
Go there!
You'll be glad you did!

I can say they have the best falafel in town and they are very clean..

Had lunch and dinner here over a couple of days.
The food is typical middle eastern.
I was shocked to taste mint in the schug, but it was a refreshing change for the dishes.
I'd ore any of the kebabs or skewers but would stay away from the soups and Schwarzwald.
This was w best place I dine at in Vegas so I'll definitely be coming back.
There is ample parking but the location is a little hard to find as its in the corner of a power mall with the Vons.

Mmmm!
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!
Great food, and even better staff!!!!
You guys are the BEST!!!

One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
The staff is great and they remember you every time.
The falafel and shawarma are the best in Las Vegas!

Hands down the best pita I have had.
I will be dreaming about this pita and planning when I can make it back for more.
My friend and I shared the Sababa Special Platter, which was a great way to sample so many items at once.
The falafel was quite good, but my favorite was putting a mixture of the spiced beef kabob with the hummus, "hot sauce" and salad in the pita.
Service was friendly and we were greeted with a free sample of the falafel dipped in hummus.
Our platter was plenty of food for 2 people for $17.95, which I thought was a fair price.

The food is absolutely amazing.
Being originally from Israel and living in NYC for 22yrs we've had quite a few different shawarma and other israeli food.
The flavoring and service at Sababa was full of love and just delicious.
The best we've had ever.

Hand down Best Falafels!!

This place has the best falafel sandwich in America.
The pita bread is great.
The hot sauce is spicy and flavorful.
The veggies are crisp and fresh.
The hummas is creamy and flavorful.
And finally, the pickles are amazing.

This place is expensive.
So expensive that I just don't go anymore.
However, the food is noteworthy.
The advertised falafel sandwich is the only thing I'll get, when I feel like I have some cash burning a hole in my pocket for one of the cheapest foods to make ever.
It is plainly delicious.
The pita, right off the bat, is spectacular.
Thick on one side, thin on the other, and it just soaks up the tahini sauce poured all over the interior perfectly.
The salad tossed over the falafel and stuffed inside is also delicious.
Everything is just right.
It's honestly the only item worth it on the entire menu for the price... sort of.
Everything else isn't bad.
Their grilled meats are tasty, but expensive.
The chicken shawarma is dried out and tired, and expensive.
The service is acceptable, if you can call it service.
Location is convenient if you're in that part of town.
I mean, really, why else would you be there?
Did I mention it's expensive?

BEST Falafel in Vegas!!
Every falafel I try I compare them to "The Falafel Drive-in" in San Jose Ca.
I grew up in San Jose and always compared Falafel's to the Drive-in and when I moved to Vegas I thought I would never eat Falafels again until I found Sababa's  I still love San Jose but Sabas does things that FDI doesn't and vis versa so I can't chose a winner but  Sababa's makes me feel like Im home!

Good food.
A little expensive.
They do a very good job overall on food and service.
They do delivery to hotels as well.
You could eat all your meals here if you are in town for a few days.
Only negative is that it is a drive from the main strip.
But if you are staying in town and have a rental- take a drive out.

As a traveler who has had the pleasure of eating good food in many cities and countries around the globe I have to say this is one of the best places I have had the pleasure of eating.
The food is extremely fresh and wonderfully flavorful.
Rami is a gracious host and clearly has a passion for his food.
I had a family style lunch with 4 people in which Rami brought a salad, falafel, hummus, pita, chicken, steak and 2 sodas.
Lunch was beyond good...so much so I tried to eat the plate.
Now I will say the meal was pricey $23/person but the fact that Sababa is Glatt Kosher (glatt technically means the lungs of the kosher and kosher-slaughtered animal were smooth) which might account for the higher than average cost.
One thing I will say the food is nothing in the range of average it is absolutely divine :) I highly recommend eating here.

While I understand where the negative reviews about pricing are coming from, the food at this place is phenomenal.
I was in Vegas for my fiance's 25th birthday with a couple of her friends, and we stopped at this place on our way back to Phoenix.
They gave us a couple of samples of falafel for free; i usually do not like falafel but these were small and crispy with a tender inside - best falafel i have had in the states.
For entree, I had the Shwarma - salad- hummus plate, which came with a pita ($15).
The portion size was pretty damn big and the price was reasonable considering that its Kosher and a  big portion.
The Schwarma was good, the hummus was great, the salad was nice since I got to choose what ingredients I wanted.
I really enjoyed my meal.
However, what my fiance ordered is really what makes this spot 5*.
She got the beef "kabob" with fries and salad ($22).
While it sounds expensive, this "kabob" was kosher rib eye steak (the best kosher steak, period) marinated and grilled to perfection.
The owner asked me how the steak was and when I said it was great, he noted that "those kabobs are how I made my business.
"  I see why.
My grandpa is a kosher butcher in Detroit and I have had many many kosher steaks in my life, but this one had the best flavor of all.
Again, a large portion - if I had to guess, id say it was around 12-14 oz of meat.
The fries were also delicious.
I strongly suggest that you order this if you come to this place.
While 22$ seems like a lot, remember that kosher rib eye sells for about 18$/pound at a supermarket.
For dessert, they brought my fiance a piece of baklava with a candle in it for free (i told them when i ordered that it was her bday), which was a nice surprise.

Very good.
That's all I can say.
My favorite is the falafel homous pita.
Everything is fresh, and delicious.
A little pricey $6.99 for falafel homous pita with drink, but very filling and well worth it.

Awesome.
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.
Get the Sababa Special and share it with a friend, it's big enough to split!

Over priced and no flavor in anything that I ordered.
Once you step in the door they swarm you and pressure you to order.
I spent 50$ for lunch!
2 chicken plates and side of hummus!
One of the worst places in Vegas!
By far...

I love this place, I loooove Israeli food but sometimes the meat is dry.
Best falafel in town makes up for it.
A bit pricey but the portions are great.
I always forget that they close early on Friday's for Shabbat and I find myself sometimes jonesing for a good hangover meal on Friday or Saturday :\

First time trying Isreali did and was not disappointed.
The Shawarma was amazing.
I ordered the combination salad plate,  with the falafel and houmos.
Excellent choice.
Food had great flavor.
Will be back for more.

I'm a sucker for shawarma and you really have to be one to enjoy this place.
I get that the owner is in a location and makes a product where he CAN charge that much, but that doesn't mean you have to.
The good thing is that you pay after you eat, so you get to have a date with some shawarma before you get _____ in the _____.
Seriously though, the food was delicious.
I rocked the shawarma houmos salad plate, which is pretty self-explanatory.
The shawarma was spiced, moist and had that crust that I love.
Note: it's turkey meat.
The houmos was also excellent.
The kind of 'mos that you end up dipping everything in.
The place itself has about a dozen tables and looks like every other take out joint in town.
There's a TV on the wall if you are rolling solo.
Again, the -1 star here is for price and because it says 'healthy falafels' on the wall, which is a pet peeve of mine (deep fried = not healthy).
I'll be back, regrettably, bc sometimes it's OK to get your ______  ____ed for some decent shawarma.

They charge $20 for delivery on top of whatever your food cost.
I live 3 miles away.
ripoff

This place has the best falafel found in Vegas !
Great service, and they even let you sample a falafel.
Decent prices and their hummus is definitely up there!

Best falafel and shawarma in Vegas.
I crave Sababa regularly, especially their hot sauce.
Everything is fresh and delicious.

Sababa is a great Israeli restaurant.
the shawarma is great and their falafel is best in town.
the place is super clean and food is super fresh.
The only reason I gave it 3 stars and not 5 is because they are ridiculously expensive!
The small but most annoying thing about Sababa is their take out soda cups are so small ($3) with no option for a large drink.
I always have to either buy two sodas or get my soda somewhere else.
sounds stupid, I know, but it is a deal breaker for me when I want to get food to-go.
they have free refills so when I have time to eat there its not an issue.
but be prepared to spend about $20 per person for a shawarma plate and soda.
Other than the high prices and shot size soda cups the food and service is great.
I go there once in a while.
when I can afford $20 on a fast lunch.

I was impressed with the food.
It was great quality.
I was not impressed with being charged more than told when ordering.
They tell you to sit down, and then they bill you later after you have eaten.
The crystal geyser water for 11 cents at Costco is $1.95 a bottle.
Pretty crazy.
The highlight of this visit was the friendly service.
Prepare to be over-charged

Sababa has pretty much beaten out all the other Kosher eateries out there in Vegas.
And theres's a reason why...the food is fresh and delicious!
It is a clean eatery, with the salad bar protected by a panel of glass and the schwarma grill on display so you know exactly what your food will look like and how it's handled.
The portions are good for the price you pay and the service is accommodating.
It is worth the 20 mile drive my husband and I make out once in a while when we know we want a good Israeli dish.
My personal favorite: Beef steak plate  ($22)....very juicy and well marinated in my opinion!!
The reason I give it 4 stars is because the food and beverages are very pricey.

If you want a great falafel pita sandwich I recommend this place!
The hummus and shawarma are great too.

Food good, but jerusalem grill better and closer to strip, but sababa was half the price and great salad.

Very nice place!
Clean up and the best service in Vegas  Little bit expensive but worth every cent

nice staff.
very casual.
baby chicken was great.
burger was excellently made.
very fast food-ish

Fantastic middle eastern food, excellent for lunch or dinner.
I have only one critique, but it is a notable one.
When you come into the restaurant, unless money is no object, order directly from the menu.
If you come in with 4 or more people, a lot of times the (very nice) staff will offer to just make you a dinner for 4 with a little of everything.
They are so nice, and it sounds like a good way to decide what to eat.
The problem is two-fold.
One, you many times are still a little hungry and there isn't much to take home.
And two, when they give you the bill for your little "dinner for 4" you will pass out from the price.
Unfortunately we had this happen 3 times with parties of 4 to 9 people before we learned our lesson.
And they tend to get a little hostile when you object.
So just remember, order directly from the menu and you'll enjoy a delicious meal without any sticker shock.

Had the falafel, it was probably one of the best one I've had.
All fresh ingredients, they build it right in front of you and the spicy sauce they add to it is awesome!!!
Sorry no picture this time it was sooo good that it didn't have a chance to get a picture taken.

Very clean place!!!!
Friendly staff!
Food is amazing here!
The falafel is the best I've ever had!
Def worth the drive and u will leave here feeling happy and refreshed from eating such great food:) 5 stars all the way!!!!!!
Kosher is the way!

When my girlfriend and I first walked in, there was nobody behind the counter, but three people were sitting at tables.
One was (I assume) a customer, though he had no food.
The other two people were employees.
After about 20 seconds of wondering what to do and a few weird looks from them, one of them stood up and went behind the counter to help us.
As we decided on our selections, the guy behind the counter gave us two pieces of falafel to try with the hummus.
It was delicious!
It was also the only positive thing about this experience.
We decided to try the falafel sandwich meal that is advertised on the outside of the building.
The man behind the counter grabs two pitas and slices them with a blade.
He then tucks it in nicely to make a pocket for the ingredients, all of this with his BARE HANDS.
My girlfriend and I looked at each other with the same realization: he never washed them from sitting at the table in the lobby on his cell phone.
When I asked for hummus in my sandwich, he rudely stated that it came with it.
Okay, not a great first impression.
But maybe he was having a bad day, I thought.
He proceeded to add ingredients to my sandwich that I did not want, and he did not ask me, though he did ask my girlfriend.
Weird.
He then literally threw our sandwiches in a bag, slammed the bag on the counter in front of us, gave us two drinks, and gave me the total.
About $17.
While hesitant at the thought of his unwashed hands making our sandwiches, I asked if he took American Express because it wasn't on the list of accepted cards near the register.
He gave me a loud, rude "yes" right in my face that actually took me aback.
He then flicked my card on the counter and threw the pen for me to sign.
I don't know what was going on, but it was very weird, angry, unwelcoming vibes coming from that place.
Never again.

I came here years ago on a whim driving by and was kinda excited to find this place again after moving to this side of town.
It is a Kosher restaurant so the hours are not what we are used to in our normal daily Vegas, however the food is worth the wait and the drive.
Kosher is a BIG meaning and covers a lot of knowledge.
I will not begin to explain but a bit of reading on the subject wouldn't hurt.
The food here is amazing, I remember asking my Man if we could drive the 30 minutes to go get the "Shawarma" no go.
So when we moved in this direction and I found it again it has kinda become my cheat day, not that is is bad for you but OH So Good!
I believe the Shawarma combo is the best for me I love the long roasted meat shaved into your sandwich.
I also really love the falafels buy a couple for 50cent a piece with a bit of Tahini, amazing fried goodness!
The service is not really quick everything takes a bit to cook (because it is Kosher) and the prices are bit high, but most really great places like this are and there is a reason.
The reasons are prep, time, seasons and accountability.
I feel the safest place to eat in the world is here because they take it so serious.
So the portions are huge that makes up for the price, the price isn't bad I thought...
The meat is moist and delicious and plenty of sauce and veggies to make it all rhyme.
ask for the hot sauce but if you are weary about it ask for it on the side I ask for it lightly and I like heat if that says anything!
LOL

This is my favorite Middle Eastern place!
I live in LA and always get my chow here when I am in Vegas.
The owner used to own Rami's (his name) in Brookline, MA and I missed him when he moved but since I live on the west coast now, I go there all the time.
It's consistent and delicious!
Go there!

I love everything about this place...The atmosphere is very welcoming.
The food was amazing and finally a good place to eat meat ;)

Very good food BUT super expansive for what you get!!!
For what we ordered the price was extremely high and not realistic for this type of food and restaurant.
The beef kebab was really good and the chicken very yummy.
But again the price is not right ;)

Did a search for Turkish food in yelp and the various places that I ran across did not sound right, this place did.
Sadly, it was not turkish food.
There were also no hot servers, matter of fact, there were no women.. all guys... smallish kind of place, clean... felt family run, of your family was all guys.
Definite weird kind of "I've got a deal for you" vibe once I walked in.
How is a beef shish kebob platter like $24, but the one size down version is $14?
I mean a $10 difference means I better be getting some really hot chick to deliver it to me, or at the very least put something on the plate worth $10 extra dollars.
The food was good, but I think it was more of a kosher food place than a middle eastern place, which I know is difficult to identify, but it was definitely not a place that I would have found myself in unless I was looking for something like that.
I was under the impression that it was something else, but I did not come out of the experience scarred or hateful, rather, I am probably not going to go back because of the prices.

The best Mediterranean food I've had I'm Vegas.
The falafel is the bees knees; it's so moist.
Their hummus is amazing too.
I also love the friendly staff.

Another fun day at DMV.
So to kill time I went to this place because they're reviews looked good.
Not very many glatt kosher places in vegas that actually taste good let alone good Israeli/jewish food.
This place was great!
Service is great and food is SO fresh.
They have a salad bar and nothing looks like it's been sitting forever.
I got the shnitzel and a red cabbage and cucumber mix salad.
This place is far from where I live but it is def worth the drive.

Typical Israeli restaurant even the owner lol.
I am Israeli so you feel like you are back home.
The falafel is great and the pita was full.
The price was right for the falafel even if you never had it and want to try it for $6.99 with a drink.
They even have a machine that spits the falafel into the fryer......I wish I had that at home.
The owner was cool and funny.
If you aren't Israeli you might take that the wrong way.
I will for sure come back.

Awesome falafel pita - even better smothered with my favorite babaganoush.
Throw a little hot sauce, I'm a happy girl.

I stumbled on this out of the way place on my way to Red Rock Canyon.
What a delight.
Without a doubt the best falafel sandwich I have had in years.
And I am a native New Yorker who knows good falafel.
The pita pockets are unique -- spongy, fluffy and light -- and seem to just melt into the sandwich.
The falafel is fresh and just the right consistency -- not too crispy or dry.
And they will stuff the sandwich with your choice of fresh condiments.
All for $6.99, drink included.
Friendly and helpful staff just add to the fine experience.
My advice is to make the effort to get to Sababa.
You won't be disappointed.

Yummy food, clean restaurant, nice atmosphere!
The beef kabob and falafel are very good.
Prices are reasonable.
Recommend coming here for some authentic and delicious Israeli food!

The prices are high for the food they serve here.
Clerk was kind of pushy and not that nice

Falafel pita sandwich special, please and thank you.
Moist falafel, pita that manages to be both fluffy thick and thin, tasty tahini.
This sandwich is so big I have to use a fork.
And don't skip the spicy sauce!
Yum!

I have passed this shop many times (right on Durango).
I finally stopped for a Falafel sandwich to go.
It was so moist with a great mix of fresh tomato, cabbage.
Absolutely the best Falafel I have tasted.
YUM!!

Like most Jewish-owned restaurants, this place is closed on Saturdays, so plan accordingly.
I have tried to go here before but the early close time on Fridays (3PM) has foiled a few of my efforts as well.
Worth pre-planning to get your shwarma fix.
Ordered takeout, staff was friendly, chatty, and quick.
Shwarma combo plate with salad, hommos, and falafel ($15) was two meals, and priced well when you consider that adding on the falafel is only a dollar more for 5 pieces- a la carte pricing is 2/$1.
Falafel plate with hommos and salad ($10) is also an ample portion, and each plate comes with their own fresh, warm pita.
Shwarma is turkey, per the menu notes, but sliced and grilled fresh with good flavor.
Falafel is crisp, hommos is creamy and topped with olive oil and parsley, and the salad is legit: fresh lettuce and cabbage, topped with tiny-chopped tomato, onion, and cucumber, and doused with a good amount of tahini dressing.There's no feta, but that probably carries over from the kosher dishes.
I added some myself at home for extra oomph!
They also have burekas- small square pastries stuffed with potato, spinach, or mushroom; the latter is my favorite, highly recommend.
Side tangent: Not sure why this place hypes up falafel as healthy.
As others have said, although it's vegetarian, it IS fried so calling it healthy is a bit of a stretch.

The falafel here is good.
The guy who served me did not wear gloves to prep my good which grossed me out a bit but the hummus was good and falafel fresh so I got over it.

The food here is okay but the owner/cashier/cook/busser/host is extremely ride and has no idea what service or sanitation is at all!
After touching the register he begins to hand toss the salad with his unwashed hands.... Not only over price but not clean either!

I just moved here from israel and was missing some shawarma.
let me tell you how disappointed I turned out being.
I really feel like this place should get an F for being so dirty.
the same guy that just cleaned the table went to go make me salad without washing his hands or wearing gloves!
Yuccccck!
Plus the menu prices and the price he charged me were totally off!
Shame to call this kosher and Israeli food

