I've cut back on my caffeine intake ever since I peaked at 10 cups a day and started getting heart palpitations - erm not so pleasant - but I'm still up for coffee every once in a blue moon.
The new Pikes Peak Roast is strong and not too bitter - amazing, a good basic coffee at Starbucks, what's this place coming to.
This location has pleasant baristas, never a line, a little off the beaten path.

Starbucks....need I say more?
Caffeine...Im good to go!

I agree with Mike G, this location has pleasant barista's.
I've been hit on by two of them.
One played for the other team.
Still flattering in my book.
Once my wife was with me.
She was amused.
Really.
Seriously, though, I do like this location.
I've probably been here 10 times and had good service every time.
I often get a Mocha, extra hot.
Actually scalding.
They'll make it that way for me.
No waiver to sign or anything!

I stopped here to meet a friend from out of town that I was taking on a hike at Lake Mead.
Excellent service.
Very pleasant baristas.
Quad espresso over ice.
It was great!

this is a good store , they make good drinks and the people are very nice.
the workers from the restaurant next store are always sitting at the tables outside the entrance by the pick up counter making it so other guests can not relax at the tables.
would have given another star but every time i get my drink there is whip cream on it even thou i tell them no whip.
i see them taking it off for people at drive up  also so they are just like robots and put the drink together like Starbucks says.

I stopped going for awhile and the people there totally remembered me AND my drink.
Sometimes it's even ready before I get up to pay.
Talk about great service!!

I've been generally satisfied with this place except for one incident today when they screwed up the syrup on my cinnamon dolce frappuccino.
I've had this particular flavor every other day for frappuccino happy hour, and when this came out tasting like a caramel or possibly a coffee frappuccino, I was fairly disappointed.
I expect consistency from chains, and it didn't happen today.

My experiences with this location are all drive thru.
I cannot attest to the barrista's or the inside of the place but they are pretty fast and friendly here.
It's your standard starbucks.
It doesn't have the people that I love at my old location near my old house so maybe that's why I am lacking a little luster in this review.
But they are good with the drinks and have not messed up anything I have ever ordered.

Good, solid Starbucks location.
I have been here a handful of times.
They have been fast and get the orders right.
What else can you ask for?

customer service is always great here :-) never too busy and there always fast so thats perfect to me.

Their drive through is hit or miss....sometimes it's super long and other times it's crazy fast.
You just never know.
But the coffee is consistent and the staff is friendly.

Basic Starbucks.
Busy drivethru.
No "I'll be with you in a few".
or " Just a minute".
We sat there and waited a few minutes before anyone came over the speaker.
Odd, because the drive thru was not empty.
Ordered our drinks, they tasted decent..and we went on our way.

This is a Great Location,Its Fast on the Drive Thru and the Barristas onthe Inside are all nice and friendly.Compared to the Location at Galleria, this place is Speedy Gonzales fast.I live right next to this location,If needing Caffeine,I hit before I go anywhere else,other location can not B trusted to do as great a Job or as fast!All five stars and two thumbs up!Keep up the good work!

Slow.
Slow.
Slow.
Slow.
Slow.
Is the slowest moving group of employees a live!
If you want to age while you wait for coffee come here!!!!!
Remember Slow.
Slow.
Slow.
Slow!

