ABC Store, for all intents and purposes, are like a 7-11.
They have a ton of things you both need and dont need at decent prices.
Most stores will have the same base things (Food, Drink, Cheap Liquor, OTC Meds.
) but they vary when it comes to other items such as gifts, assorted hawaiian-themed chotchkies, ect.. One thing that puts them over the top is price.
where else in vegas can you get a bottle water, pop , candy bar and maybe even a bag of maui onion potato chips (if your lucky) for under six bucks, which is the price of a child-size bottle of water in a typical vegas minibar.

Never been to ones in Hawaii, but this is the spot to get basic staples that you need at decent prices on the strip (snacks, water, toothpaste,  liquor, papers, etc...).
Be aware however, that some of the online prices for other stuff can be cheaper.
I bought some of their Island Girl stuff for a friend and it turned out it was cheaper online by a few bucks...
So unless you really need it immediately just buy it later.

Never knew they had these outside of Hawaii!
First time I frequented an ABC store was in Hawaii.
It was nice being inside one again, I felt transported back to Honolulu... almost.
HUGE wall of alcohol, kinda like one of the ABC stores I went to in Hawaii :D Only downside is the line was pretty long for the cash register.
I guess if you wanna buy something from here, go when it's not peak hours or wait in line and oogle over the Las Vegas/Hawaii souvenirs and memorabilia.
They have some cool stuff there, like poker chip lighters and GIANT poker cards, which we got a pack of!
Check it out, lots of fun stuff!

It's a great stop for basic drinks and snacks and necessities you might have forgotten to pack.
Alcohol is sold and it seems like it's not ridiculously overpriced.
I used to work in PH and it was definitely a place I frequented during my break.
It's a lot cheaper than the other convenience stores/kiosks run by the hotels.

Customer Service here was great,  I called ahead of time for prices and there was no hold!
Additionally the CSR was well groomed and polite.

A deck of cards, some post cards, a lil snack and a bottle of water not so overly priced it gives me a nose bleed.
that's all I came for.
Thanks.
It's like a giant 7-eleven in here.
I don't shop for more than the basics here but I am sure that you can find lots of this Vegas stuff at other spots.
The line moves quickly.
I was in and out.
That's all I wanted.
Whew.
And not to mention, this place is great because the prices are reasonable, especially in comparison to a lot of other places on the strip.

I've known about this store because of my early Hawaii trips as a kid...
I was a big fan of Hawaiian Sun drinks.
Anyways it was nice to see they have not one but TWO ABC stores here at the Miracle Mile Shops in Vegas.
The have cheap chocolates, cheap drinks and water, other essentials you would pay a fortune at other places, a lot of gifts and souvenirs from Hawaii, and a wide selection of alcohol.
It's nice to have a fast, cheap and easy convenience store on the strip.

Need pretty much anything you forgot at home all in one place (food, water, liquor, Jockey-brand tees silkscreened with 'I Heart Las Vegas' designs to hit up Marquee in)?
Just come to ABC.
It's a 7-11 on 'roids.

Mmm macadamia nuts by Mauna Loa.
Must get the Maui Onion and garlic flavor.
Too bad they don't have those Lee Hing Gummy bears no more.
Convenient store with everything you need snacks, drinks, drugs, souvenirs, and bottles of alcohol to pre party.
They also close late and located on both ends of the Miracle Mile shops.

Don't need to buy anything but I stop by every time I go to Fashion Show Mall.

Looks like we have all our pre-gaming needs, OH WAIT I FORGOT ORANGE JUICE FOR THE SCREWDRIVERS.
Abc shop is here for you.
I dislike how the prices are pretty crazy, but you are in las vegas, and dead on the strip.
Smallest bottle of hypnotq was like 20 bucks!
convenient liquor store if you don't have a car and staying in PH.

Surprisingly affordable for being inside

You can buy beer here for $1.99 or at a bar just feet away in Planet Hollywood for $8.
Your choice.
Bring a bottle opener.
They won't open them for you.

Pretty nice little gift shop.
I bought a little elvis outfit for my godson and a shot glass.
They had a very nice selection of merchandise along with decent customer service.

AT ABC GETTING A COLD ONE IS AS EASY AS 1-2-3      I do not take for granted that I live in a city where I can walk along the boulevard with a cold one in my hand while admiring Paris, Venice, New York City, and a grown up Medieval Castle.
When I want to leave the 9 to 5 on the shelf and enjoy myself on the Strip, ABC Stores is one of my leading stops after the parking garage.
When I park at Paris, this location or the one down the hall in Miracle Mile is my go-to place for a cold one on the go.
ABC's prices are far less pricey than the bars nearby.
I favor paying $5 for two 24-ounce beers than $8 plus tip for one beer at a casino bar.
What is interesting is that where there is a large gap in the price difference of Bud Ice and Bud Light at the supermarket, it is relatively nil here.
The refrigerated beer selection is satisfactory.
The greater number of beer are the 24 ounce cans.
They include Michelob, Budweiser, Coors, Miller, and Modello.
My beer of choice is the 24 ounce Michelob.
Supposedly it is Busch's Cadillac of beer, and I rarely see it sold in this format in supermarkets.
A blemish is that ABC employees will not open glass bottles.
It is your responsibility to have the bottle opener.
If they would of been kind enough to have done this for me I would of purchased a glass bottle of Heineken.
Other yelpers mention that you could pick up other booze at ABC.
Personally, I prefer the sit down atmosphere and talents of a bartender for the mix drinks.
ABC Stores is also the go-to place for cold beverages that you do not need an ID to buy.
I have gone to ABC Stores for water and Gatorade.
Their cola selection falls short of the new Walgreens that has one of the fountain machines with the 100 flavors.
I would like to bring up that I pass over doing check-ins here.
On the Strip, I have run into the problem where I am told to "Slow down Tiger" on my check-ins to the point that they have suspended them for the rest of the day.
So, please take my word that if you want a cold one on the go that ABC is a good choice.
The Yelp 100 Challenge.
Review 58 out of 100.

Went inside and politely asked if they had any magazines for sale.
The stock person said no, but he said that the other Miracle Mile ABC Store had them.
I said thank you and left.
I walked nearly 3/4 of a mile to the other ABC Store.
I then asked a stock person where their magazines were for sale.
She said, "we don't carry magazines.
" I mentioned that an employee from the other store had just sent me over to her location.
I wasn't a fan of the news or how the stock people at both locations handled the situation.
Walking is one thing, but going on a wild goose chase wasn't what I had in mind.
In the end, I didn't end up with the magazine I had wanted and ABC Stores around the city lost my business.

There's enough of these stores around for you to get your everyday personal items and some basic food, drinks, and munchies.
With the Vegas sun, I was stocking up on sun tan lotion and aloe vera burn gel, though I guess the prior should make the formal unnecessary.
You don't even need to look at the prices because you only the essentials and you know that you're going to pay more.

I love the ABC Stores.
I'm a long time resident of Vegas and have worked on the strip for years.
ABC is a great place to buy an inexpensive snack or drink.
The only bad part is that the lines are often very long, They usually move quick though.

I love ABC stores, they have everything and its so CLEAN AND ORGANIZED!!!!!
and the staff is ALWAYS SO NICE.

My wife and I always stop by the ABC store at the Miracle Mile Shops because she needs her macadamia chocolate candy fix.
It doesn't matter where we stay along the strip, we always find ourselves here pretending we are in Hawaii getting some chocolate.
Enjoy all the treats and eats at the ABC Store.

Good place to buy alcohol and snacks while on the strip.
It is super close to where my friend and I were staying ( Planet Hollywood).
The prices for everything was pretty good compared to the bars on the strip, plus the have some craft beer you can't get at some bars.
Overall a good place to get alcohol without  going to a bar.

We were so shocked to see ABC stores in Las Vegas!!!
Its great to see that the stores have moved from Hawaii to the mainland.
The store sells typical products that you can find at Walgreens, CVS and other drug stores, except every once in a while you can find their specialty products.
I was able to find a Hello Kitty towel (for my friend--not me) that was sold exclusively at the ABC stores in Las Vegas.
They are a little overpriced, but they have quality products that I think makes it worth it.

ABC offers the essentials at great prices.
Top of the list for us was a liter of water for only .99!
I was also pleased to find a muscle milk protein shake in the cooler.

Lots of drugstore convenience items at reasonable prices, not the extortionist Strip hotel prices - located in the heart of the Strip inside Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops.
Amazingly, we were able to find milk to have a cheap cereal breakfast inside our hotel room!
A definite find for non-highrollers staying on the Strip!

Great selection of vegas essentials, friendly and attentivie staff.
The planet hollywood locations are my favorite.

Good place to get reasonably priced alcohol.
Prices were better than the liquor store next to the Motel 6, surprising.
22 oz craft beer for $3-5 as well!

The ABC store is the way to go for everything.
I love that we had one close to our hotel, very convenient.
This is your one stop shop for everything you might need in Vegas.
+ Food, snack, water, alcohol + Las Vegas souvenirs!!
+ Toiletries  They have so many different souvenirs and Hello Kitty themed items.
I really liked that they have 1 liter water for $0.99!!
Don't forget to drink plenty of water when you're in the dessert.

i LOVE coming here every time I'm in Vegas.
And the fact that the Miracle Shops has two of these makes it even better.
You can't beat getting 1 liter of Dasani of water for 99 cents.
SO CHEAP!!
You can find everything here..alcohol, water, snacks, food, souvenirs, toiletries.
Prices are decent too.

Great place to buy alcohol, snacks, souvenirs etc at great prices.
We stopped by this one in Miracle Mile daily since we were staying at Planet Hollywood.

