Best pizza I have found in Las Vegas.
Small dining room for eat in, but nice staff,  and decent pricing.
Antipasto is great, as is spagetti &amp; meatballs.
Very casual, but pleasant.
Two thumbs up!

I am suprised their is only one review for this place.
Shame on those who order from chain restaurants when there are places like this around!
This is good quality pizza.
The crust has flavor and it is the right texture.
Plenty of toppings.
This is best pizza delivery in NW LAs Vegas.

I got to tell the truth here and to be brutally honest.
I really really wanted to like this place.
Lino's had so much potential and mostly all the qualities I truly appreciate in a local Italian eatery, lets go down the check list shall we.
Family owned...Check 10 or so table hole in the wall...Check Not far from home...Check Reasonably priced...Check Food...Absolutely god awful  Now you may think I'm being a little harsh but trust me people the food was so profoundly horrible I just can't hold back.
I have a moral and cultural obligation to share my less than 1 star dining experience.
I ordered the manicotti, a ricotta stuffed large ziti style noodle with cheese and sauce, not a hard concept to grasp right?
Well apparently it was for Lino's.
I guess when I asked for manicotti, he thought I requested a disgusting cheese crape smothered in a discount sauce.
This place sucks and I hope next time I drive by there's boards on the windows with a giant sign that reads CLOSED.

I had a really hard time deciding on four or five stars for Lino's.
I've only had lunch there twice and each time have enjoyed their pizza special (I THINK it's $4.40 for two slices of cheese and a drink, .40 cents extra per topping per slice), my last lunch was pepperoni and mushroom with a pibb.
My drink was never empty, and the extra toppings were well worth the cost, they even put a little extra cheese on there.
I'm not exactly sure what style you would call it, definitely not thin enough to be NY yet had a perfectly toasted crust.
I wouldn't think Chicago would be apt as it wasn't as thick as I would imagine.
Whatever you want to call it I believe you have to call it delicious.
The dining area is quite small and well decorated with a nicely kept fish tank and dark paint/carpet giving it a cozy feel, the string outdoor lights around the dining are a nice touch to this small area.
As wonderful as my lunches there have been I don't feel comfortable giving it a full five stars before I try their dinners and a few other items off the menu.
Based on what I've experienced so far this seems like a forgone conclusion but it gives me a good excuse to return :-)

If you notice in previous reviews, most of the negatives are from people who aren't trying this place for what it is : a PIZZA joint.
Sure the wings are a soggy mess (how can you butcher frank's hot sauce like that, lino?!
) and the pasta can often times taste like sweat (probably due to the big guy who's cookin it or the metal container.
ugh).
But the pizza itself is nice, thick, and could quite possibly double for a pizza pie made from the hands of Jesus (If you believe in that kind of thing).
Before you visit Lino's, MAKE SURE THEY ARE OPEN.
the first few times I went to Lino's before 4 pm on a weekday I was turned around pizza-less.
Luckily for them the prices were good enough for me to try back (although they recently raised their prices around 10 percent on most items).
What is the world coming to?
Gas prices now LINO??!!
If you want good pizza, go to Lino's.
If you want good pasta, go to Italy (or Olive Garden, you little tough guy you).
Enough said.

Let me start by saying that the food is fairly good, but on the phone today, the owner (who took my order) insulted me!
I apologized for not being completely ready with my order and he told me that "people who say 'I'm sorry' are weak".
He was not teasing me.... he was completely serious.
I replied that "people who insult customers are rude".
NO apology from him.
They will never get our business again!

Two words.. MEATBALL PARM!!
Whoever invented the meatball parm, whether it be Johnny nine toes, Linguino Parmenala, Nintendo's Mario, or Tony Soprano himself.. intended the parm to come out from here.
Not only is the bread crusted just right and the meatballs cooked to perfection, the marinara is just right.. and the sandwhich is huge!!!
I always mean to try the other selection here but I always get me the parm... so technically I'm giving you Meatball Parrm the 5 star.... the fact they are closed on monday :( makes me take a star away cuz Im off on mondays.

i love their garlic knots & gnochi with meat sauce

I work nearby and eat here a lot.
I like there capicola, garlic knots, and mostacoli ala lino.
Yeah sure, it's not the best, the owner isn't always.....pleasant.
But hey, they're cheap tasty and they deliver!

Store front is average at best.
You have to walk through the back of the kitchen to get to the male bathroom.
The food isnt bad but not great.
If you are drunk and at tenya creek they deliver and the more you drink the better the food will seem!

Terrible!
I can't believe this place is still in business is it the people at the bar nearby that are so drunk they can't taste it that keep it in business?!?!?!
We sat down to order and the server was just sooo rude!
I was nervous to even eat the food after it was ordered because of the way we were treated.
Then the food came and it was a soggy greasy pizza that seemed like they used rubber for the cheese, Please, save your money and don't bother even trying it just go to Bambini's on Craig Road!

For delivery pizza, i enjoy it very much.
Good wings too!

Great sauce, meatballs, pizza...friendly neighborly place

Let me start by saying the only reason I gave 2 stars is because they do have amazing garlic knots, but that's it.
That's all they have going.
( a little on the "doughy" side though) Our first visit we ate at the restaurant, I had a salad so not much to screw up.
My boyfriend had the tortellini, No complaints.
So we decided to order in a couple weeks later.
We ordered a pizza, it wasn't the best but It was decent.
I had asked for 3 sides of ranch that we never got.
Lets say I wasn't thrilled but decided to order again from them 2 days ago, big mistake.
We ordered a calzone, anitpasto salad and garlic knots.
Again, asking for ranch.
I ordered through an app called Eat24, so after i submitted the order I called just to verify I would be receiving the ranch this time.
The girl who answered was very rude, and told me to call back in 5 minutes because she was too busy.
I guess that should have been my first clue..
So I called back 10 minutes later as not to disturb anyone at their job again, and the man rudely informed me " the ranch cost extra you know" I said yes, I am aware, I'd still like them please.
I also asked for extra dressing which seemed to annoy him.
When the food finally came (50 mins later, and we live across the street) the delivery driver handed it to me in a box and said oh, I need that back..
When we sat down I saw I had gotten my ranch and was happy... Until I opened it.
I dont know about you but I have never been to an italian restaurant with bad ranch..
This goes beyond the word bad.
It was like a gelatin almost.
It tasted worst than anything I have ever had, Maybe like they bought the generic grocery store bottle and poured it into cups, whatever the case it was awful and I wanted to cry at this point.
Our calzone did not come with Marinara sauce, again something I have never experienced.
The salad dressing was called Italian, but I am not sure what it was.
Mainly olive oil.
Worst salad Ive ever had.
The calzone was small and had little meat in it.
( we normally order from Angelinas and ALWAYS are happy, they stuff their calzones full of meats).
However we ate, because we were hungry.
I was up all night sick afterwords..
Such a terrible experience from a place I had such high hopes for.

Cute hole in the wall.
Reasonably priced.
Yummy garlic bread.
Ordered the shrimp fettuccine.
Had them use red sauce in lieu of alfredo.
Very accommodating.
Prefer to frequent a non chain restaurant.
Small, so call ahead for 4 or more diners.

I've been going to linos for a while now!
I have nothing but good things to say about there business and the family that runs this establishment , my go too is garlic knots and any pizza cut into squares!!
Can't go wrong here.
I would recommend anyone in the centennial area looking for good pizza spot!

Fantastic!
I shoot from the hip and say it like I see it.
This was some of the best Italian food I've ever had.
Beat out only by a little family restaurant/pub in the hills above Luca.
My friend wanted the share what she described as "the best pastrami sandwich ever".
I was skeptical (as I've some pretty amazing food)  but she was right.
Hands down the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had.
I would drive from anywhere in Las Vegas to eat this again.
The place is in a little strip mall and it kinda screams "hole in the wall".
Inside though, it was full of charm and soft lighting.
I'd be happy to take a girl here on a weeknight dinner date.
I'm crossing my fingers that this guy never changes what he's doing with quality and care...cause this is something I'd like to enjoy for years to come.
Good job boys, great food in a world of "how can I increase the bottom line" is hard to find.

BEST.
PIZZA.
EVER.
I've had the meatball pizza, and pepperoni pizza.
So good.
This place is the only reason I'm sad to have moved back to Henderson.
They have quick delivery, and the prices aren't too bad for these slices of Heaven.
Five Stars for deliciousness!

This place is great.
My husband and I have been coming here for years.
The staff is friendly and all the food is awesome.
The hot pastrami is awesome and so is their shrimp Alfredo!
Garlic knots are great as well!
And of course the pizza!
:D like I said, it's all good.
We will always come back.

