This place is a good balance between American style and dirty hole in the wall Chinese food.
Their menu ranges from the regular sweet and sour pork to the authentic Hong Kong style noodles.
My favorite is the Mongolian beef.
Quite spicy and the onions are sauteed very well and provides a sweet complement to the thinly sliced beef.
The staff is very friendly and they always get your order right.
I think this is a family owned business which I am more than happy to support.

good Chinese food is hard to find in LV especially being from Cali, the only good thing about this place is that it's close to my house and it's similar to Panda express except its made to order.
I usually have to add a lot of chili oil and soy sauce to my orders to give it more flavor but besides that, all I can say is that it's 5 mins from my house which is a plus when I'm craving chinese and don't want to drive to chinatown (spring mtn)

I drove here for some dinner and doors were locked, around 8:30ish.
Staff were inside and watch me try to get in.
As I left their was another group of people who tried to go inside but the staff didnt acknowledge them either.

Good enough for me!
I like this place, because they are always fast and always get my order correct, and the prices are solid for the amt of food you get.
I got a beef fried rice and mongolian beef, so I could have leftovers.
I mean, who doesn't like chinese leftovers?
Mongolian is a little spicy for a lot of people, but its perfect for me.
With the fried rice I add sweet chili sauce and some cock sauce to give it some heat and sweet!!
No reason to complain, they've always been solid for me and I've been here probably 50+ times in about 4 years, (like I've said before, location being close to me is great).
Btw, delivery service has always been fast too.
Just order enough so the surcharge is actually worth it!

There is a significant lack of Chinese food offerings in the Southern Highlands area, let alone a place that will deliver.
China a GoGo is a decent fast casual restaurant and hits the spot.
I usually order the combination egg foo young which is surprisingly better than a lot of others I've tried elsewhere.
I also like the Crispy Hong Kong Style Noodles.
It's flavorful and a decent portion.
My favorite thing about the place is their speedy service!
I love how I'd usually get my order delivered in less than 20 minutes even during dinner rush time!
They have never gotten my order wrong and are always nice and friendly.

Almost never has China a gogo ever let me down.
They have Proven time after time why it is that we call them on our days off.
We have been loyal customers for 6 years and will countinue to be.

Good most of the time, but a little inconsistent.
Their specials are huge portions of food, and the staff is always accommodating.
Pork fried rice, black pepper chicken and Kung Pao are all well done here.
Appetizers and soups are no better than ok. Passable for a neighborhood joint.
Which is fortunate because it's all we've got in Southern Highlands.
Although now that I pass Baidu on my way home from work they may see less of my business.

Let me start this review from the end... As I walked back to my car from eating at this establishment I cracked opened my fortune cookie and this is what it said.
" the key to happiness is to lower your expectations"  well... that would have saved this place from a low rating if I would had opened the fortune cookie right before I ate here because I was actually pretty much expecting to totally enjoy my meal.
I stopped here around 3 pm for lunch on my way to work, I ordered from the lunch special menu the Kung pao chicken with fried rice, noodles and egg flower soup.
When I got my order I was the only one there and abut six or seven employees working at the time so I sat on the corner and started eating my food, when one by one all the employees started to came out to the dinning area to have lunch, and no, is not that I mind sharing the dining area with the help, it was just that they brought in their own food, some kind of stew, they placed it on a table and they all started to serve themselves from it.
Didn't know what it was I all know is that it looked very delicious and appetizing and that it wasn't on the menu, all of a sudden my Kung pao chicken didn't  looked very good it looked kinda sad on the Styrofoam container, compared to what everyone else was eating,  The vegetables were a little under cooked and the noodles and rice lacked flavor, I don't know what it was missing but whatever it was, it was not missing on their food because they were really enjoying it, so much, I was tempted to ask them if I could trade my food for some of theirs or at least ask them to sprinkle some of that we don't use msg MSG on my plate since it was pretty much tasteless but I didn't want to disrupt their lunch.
Would I come back?
Sure..
If I get to bring my own food.
I'm no fortune cookie, so don't rely completely on my advice but if you expect better food, go to panda express instead, and that's as low as expectations can get; after all I live in China town, I may be a little bit spoiled.
On a positive note, the egg soup was good.....five stars for the chicken that laid the egg.

Let me start by apologizing for not posting sooner.
2 months ago....I am still trying to forget the horrible nightmare I experienced here.
I was so hungry, long busy day at work, I decide to break for lunch, treat myself...normally I bring lunch from home.
I decide on my old favorite China go go.
I rush back to my office and start scarfing down my Kung Pao lunch combo.
The noodles were nasty, so I move on to my entree, after two bites I see the antenea of dead roasted  daddy ROACH!!
I puke, gag, dry heave!!!
I have a cucstomer walk in about an hour later, Im still shaking, I could cry I just ate kung roach pao!!!
Worst experience ever!
Once I stop puking I call in and they offer to make me a new dish?!!!??
Really  NO THANKS!!!

They have gone severely down hill.
Have gone here for a couple years for close by chinese.
I wouldn't go back.

Frequent China a GoGo for lunch.
I find the food is consistently good.

i have been eating china a go go for more than 4 years in this location, i love their services, i love their price, and i love their food.
Mongolian beef  and hot garlic chicken are my two favorites dishes there.
It's summer time right now, let's drink some boba milk tea there!!
!Yummmmm

This Chinese place is in my 'hood.
I could walk here if I wanted too.
With that being said we tend to frequent this place a lot.
Overall it's a good place that seems to be busy all the time.
I am amazed on how fast they prepare this cuisine.
I always call the order in but I am pretty sure that if I were to show up they would make it pretty quick.
The girls in the front are always nice and greet you when you walk in.
The prices are pretty good.
We used to get the Family dinners but we always ended up with a bunch of leftovers.
Which isn't bad and usually gets eaten the next day.
Lately we have been just getting on entree and upgrading the rice to fired rice.
They give you a big helping of food so it is usually enough without a bunch or any left overs.
I do prefer this place over the big franchise Chinese place that have black and white animals as the mascot.
If you live in the area or just visiting check this place out.
Cheers!

Quality has deteriorated to the point where I drive 15 minutes in each direction for Chinese food now rather than get food from here, 60 seconds from my house.

Love this place and love the food very much!!!
Try the new dishes today!!!
Excellent taste....
I got special udon today, very interesting taste, they put the cream and butter in this dish... More like American/Chinese combination dishes.
Love it and will order it again

The Staff are the rudest people, not friendly at all very stand off,  They treat you with NO personality just a dollar bill.
The food is made very quick with no flavor and the vegetables in the dishes were raw and uncooked, like they just throw it together.
I give them a F for customer service and F for poorly cooked food and F for taste.........
The People of Southern Highlands need to stand up let this business know, that the food is not up to what they charge....
Either get better and treat people nicer, have better prices, and cook the food better then we are not buying any more garbage off China A Go GO !

emmmm i am a regular for about 1 year.
I always order sesame chicken and I think they already know that.
So every time they see me the they always smile and talk a little bit with me.
I like this place.

Decent Chinese food, but not the best in town.
Only ate here because it was nearby.

Order Sesame Chicken, our favorite, Hunan Beef - too spicey, fried wontons - always yummy and Wonton soup which was awful, it seemed to me it was Kitchen Sink Soup, not your usual Wonton Soup.
Have been going here for years, however it seems like quality is going down.
Plus when you put in a pickup order and they ask for your phone number, you would think they can just pull up your usual order, we go every 2 weeks or so for the last 5 years.

I love this place too, I also want to support them.
Best service and delicious food

Ordered good online from this place for dinner via new Paypal service.
For some reason you are unable to specify delivery this way but that is fine.
PayPal offered $10 to use their Eat/4 service so I have this place a shot.
Food was great.
Order was exactly as I placed on Paypal Shop and food was ready for me right at 4:30pm as specified.
I will definitely be getting dinner for the family again.

Still  the same this time stay away!

This place is soooo good!
These folks sure know how to prepare fresh Asian food, I live four miles from them and do take out at least twice a month and every meal is great!
Love it and the help are so nice and fast too

Great food , and amazing service I will for sure go back as a repeat customer !
I think the place can be cleaned a little more but other then that it's actually great my visit was fast accurate and very fresh

Not bad for a neighborhood Chinese spot.
I love the fact that they have an online ordering system.1000x better than Panda Express.

It's great in a pinch!
The service is friendly, and while not the most attentive, they do genuinely want to help and care about your experience.
Everything is made fresh, which is a huge plus.

I'm Chinese and I can tell you the food is not even close to authentic.
Flavoring is very bland and quality is not there.
There's a Hawaiian restaurant on Blue Daimond/ Target shopping center that also cook Chinese food that's way better and authentic .
The only thing this place got going for is the portion size they serve.

My daughter and I ate there about 2 weeks ago and dined in.
We just had our food served to us and all of a sudden heard this clipping noise.
I turned and looked back from the both we were sitting at and to my surprise the woman working ( who I believe is manager or owner) Was standing by the soda machine just clipping her nails and they were flying everywhere.
I was beyond appalled and went to the register to complain, at first she tried to hide the clippers but had known I had already saw them so she told the cashier to give us our money back.
The scary thought is, if thats what they are doing in the the front, what goes on in the back.
Gross.....We will never eat there again!!

