Used to come here all the time when I lived in the adjoining apartment complex.
The owners are super friendly and always catored to all of my needs, offering many "deals" and freebies in return.
I do miss this place now that I live 1 hour away.
They offer all shipping services in addition to P.O.
boxes, fun merchandise, graphic design, internet and other similar services.
Way better than Kinko's.
Support your local, small businesses!!!
I wish I still lived in the neighborhood just for this place.

Always awesome and helpful!

There's never a long ass line, which is good, since I usually just want to leave my stuff and get moving.
Much faster than the US postal service.
Prices are moderate- I sent a huge box to Japan for only around 30$, and they got it there FAST.
They even make keys here and have a really nice selection of them.
PO boxes might be a little pricey though, and so might be some of their packaging products.
But hey, it's a small business, so just pack your own stuff.
They also do cards and prints here too.

The worst experience sending a package.
I would never use this retail shop to mail anything.
The so-called "supervisor" Martin was rude and unreasonable.
Once he was done over talking to a customer, he simply hung the phone.
What happened to customer service...?
If I can give less than 1 star, I would in a heartbeat.

If I could give negative stars, I would.
I live right near this office and was so glad when i saw it open years ago.
But it only took a few times before my husband and i realized how awful this place is.
The owner/mgr Martin is a jerk!
He was talking to someone (more like hollering) about some "chick" in a crass amd derogatory manner, didn't acknowledge me standing right in front of him, never greeted me...
The extra cost for my purchase in exchange for proximity was not worth it.
The only thing going for this place is location.
I wish someone else would open up for some competition.

DO NOT OPEN up a mailbox at this facility.
The staff has fucked up my mail by telling the delivery driver I'm not a client after I have just opened up a box and paid $175 for the year.
Not Private at all.
Note to Goin Postal: Quit fucking with people's mail!

