Each time i come here there always seems to be a wait time of at least 5 minutes or more.
I just need my glasses adjusted not an exam or new glasses.
Either they are really popular or need to get more help for the customers.

Went to the Lake Mead store and was very impressed.
Everyone was more than helpful from the lady who answered the phone, Abigail the tech assistant (who was a blast) to Dr Kelli McLaughlin who was great.
I really want to thank Tina Marie the sales rep for helping me find the perfect glasses.
Overall, it was a great experience!

I had a great experience.
Very knowledgeable, friendly and helpful staff in a busy Lenscrafters location.
The eye exam was one of the most thorough and comfortable exams i've ever had.
We'll see how the new lenses turn out, but I'm very satisfied so far.

Great service, friendly staff, good frame selection.
The whole process was quick, I had my glasses the same day - and everyone was super nice.
I had Dr. Gori, he was very friendly, very knowledgeable, and very efficient.
I couldn't ask for more!

I've been here twice to get glasses.
Once was an emergency where I had no budget and was distraught and blind.
The second time was a super fun shopping spree for sunglasses.
On both occasions, the staff here was supremely helpful, friendly, and efficient.
They have a good selection of frames, but it's the amazing customer service that will bring me back every time.
While they were very busy and there was a bit of a wait to sit down with someone, they were clearly doing their best to help everyone as quickly as they could.
I will definitely be back the next time I need a new pair of glasses!

I have been coming to lens crafters for 7+ years.
I have ALWAYS bought my glasses here because I have health plan of nevada and thought they had the most competitive pricing.
after coming here last time, i decided to go else where for my frames because I couldn't find what I liked there.. Ended up getting Ray Ban frames for 69.00 at Costco.
When I went to get my prescription filled I saw nearly the same style at this store for 189.95.
I went in there again today with my dad.
Lens crafters did everything to try to sell us the expensive prescription lenses.
Took it down the street to pearle vision (same eye doctors there..) and saved nearly 150.00 on our progressive lenses.
I will come here for my exams, but not to purchase frames or lenses.
I've realized over there years, i've been jipped!

AMAZING!
CUSTOMER SERVICE, STORE, PRICES, QUALITY, AND AVAILABILITY!
EVERYTHING IS IMPECCABLE!
Soooo after an atrocious visit to another HORRID place (Do not go there!
) I came here.
HALLELUJAH!
Such a CLEAN AND ORGANIZED store!
The epitome of amazing customer service, and great selection of frames!
I went in looking for frames and lenses... specifically Ray Bans.
WINNER!
I found some cute blue Ray Bans frames for my little and so far seen some black ones for me!
It was sooo easy, found the frames, go Santiago fitted with ACCUFIT (they are the ONLY place to get this!
Its 5xs more accurate than trad manual measurements!
see photo!
) and it literally took 30 minutes for all of this!
LensCrafters has their own lab so glasses can be ready in about an hour!
AMAZING!
I go back tomorrow for Santiago's and to pick mine out!
A benefit they do here is NO CHARGE for children's polycarbonate lenses!
FREE!
Eyeglass world was trying to charge me an ADDITIONAL 35$!
BS!
Here I got a pair of children Ray Bans with the protection plan for only 54.95$!
(after insurance) Still a great price!
Children's glasses are always half off also!
Check out their website for amazing deals!
I'll update when I get my frames!

The staff here are very helpful and seem to truly care about your vision.
We came in on a Saturday, but were unable to complete our transaction because the insurance office was closed; however, when we returned they remembered who we were and were happy we came back.
Randy was the manager on staff and he was super helpful, getting us adjusted and ensuring that we had protection plans on our lenses so they could be replaced, should anything happened to them.
We will absolutely be back to this location :)

First of all, I always feel like I am in a used car lot b/c the salespeople are just that: Salespeople.
They are nice enough but one lady let me leave the store with my new glasses askew, to which I had to return the next day to get readjusted.
Then there's the lenses:  THEY SUCK!!!
I had to get my lenses replaced 3, yes, 3 times b/c the quality is so bad.
Finally I paid extra for the 'Rolls Royce' of lenses.
What a rip off.
I plan on contacting channel 13 b/c of their extremely low quality and the fact that I had to pay a lot extra for decent lenses.
They also blamed me for what went wrong with my lenses 3x, telling me I am using chemicals that peeled off the first layer of the lens.
(I have been wearing glasses for 40+ years...
I think I know better).
Solution?
I am going to Pearle Vision or Costco next time.
Lenscrafters is terrible.

Couldn't agree with another person who reviewed this place  more.
The people working here are worse than a used car lot.
They definitely are money hungry people with no empathy for their customers.
They try to insist that you need glasses even though the optometrist said its optional just to make a dollar.
They also seem to only want to help based on your socio economic status .
Well guess what, because they where so cold and greedy they can eat my return which was the exact words the sales lady used as that was her big and only concern when initially getting the glasses.
I believe her name was Lydia .
Horrible money hungry place, I'd rather go buy a used car!
At least there they are expected to act like that.

Sat on my glasses, it was time to renew my prescription anyhow, so I made an appointment at the optometrist connected to this LensCrafters.
Everyone was so very nice and extremely professional.
I was made to feel comfortable, and wasn't hurried at all.
The exam was comprehensive and straight-forward.
Any and all questions I had were answered and the exam itself didn't take more than a half-hour.
I was very pleased with the whole experience.
Now on to the 2nd part of the trip, finding new frames.
LensCrafters always has a great selection of frames to offer, and I found a new set with little effort.
Once I found the frames, I was taken to fit and calibrate.
This process took longer than the exam but I was happy about it because it was obvious that the folks here really care about your comfort and your vision.
Luth, the lady who helped me was very nice and also answered any and all questions from me.
Where this LensCrafters went above and beyond was when I found my lenses had to be special-ordered, because I wear progressives I had resigned myself to buying a set of 'cheaters' to bridge the 2-week gap.
When I offhandedly mentioned this to Luth, she told me to wait a moment, then proceeded to go speak with her manager.
What they did, free of charge (!!!
), was to supply me with 'loaner lenses'!
I was stunned at this happy bit of customer service.
I ordered lenses with all the bells and whistles as I work in graphics design, and any edge I can get to pamper my peepers, I take without complaint.
The lenses they gave me were basically the no-frills cheaper version of what they offer for sale, but what an incredibly nice gesture for this establishment to go the extra yard for a customer.
This particular LensCrafters knows how to ensure repeat business, because I will shop for all of my glasses here from now on.

Great discounted price!
They have a wide selection of Ray-Bans.
I wished they had more D&G's though and a separate section for men.
Sheryl was very patient with me.
She knew the style I wanted, the moment I described to her the look I was going for.
Got my new glasses in 1.5 hours.

I like to come to lens crafters because they have a good selection of designer glasses.
The other good thing is that they have several locations in town which makes it very convenient.
They also offer information online where you can sign in and just look at your own records!!
I love when medical centers offer this benefit!!
My only problem was the wait.
I had to wait about 30 minutes  before they called my name.
That was a bit annoying knowing that there was not that many people on the waiting room.

This is my first time getting an eye exam at LensCrafters.
The wait time for me to get an exam was 15-20 minutes so it wasn't that bad of a wait.
After the exam it turns out that one of my eyes was really bad and that I was far sighted.
One of the workers there, named Tina, helped me out pick out glasses.
She's by far one of the most helpful person  when it comes to looking for the perfect frame for your face!
She'll take a pic of you and the different frames you have on her iPad and you get to see which one looks the best on you.
Everyone else was just as helpful and I would recommend this location to anyone!
If you want really great quality customer service come here!

They have a good selection of frames.
They overcharge greatly the cost of the lenses.
Everything is "premium" so even with vision insurance they soak you for big $.
A simple anti glare will cost you over $100.
Much better places to go to and save considerably.

