Another 1st to Review!
It's Freakin Baskin Robbins people-the original -31 flavors!!
Great Ice Cream & Cakes.
E-Club members get a FREE scoop so I tried the NEW sherbert -Triple something with blue raspberry,fruit punch and sour apple!!!
What I got of it -Refreshing and so so good!
This is still my favorite ice cream place!!

Ice cream shop, always refreshing and the flavors rotate so you don't' get bored.
I enjoy just plano two scoops in a cup, but my husband always gets a Sunday of his making with fruit and nuts and whip cream.
I thought I had the sweet tooth!
This store is always quiet, quick with service and staff is friendly.

I can't resist me some daiquiri ice.
Love the stuff and it's one of the only reasons you'll ever find me in a Baskin Robbins.
We came here for a sweet after our extra savory and delicious meal at Fukumimi.
The service was pretty friendly and they keep the shop pretty clean.
That's key for me.

Not much to say then good service, good selection and open late.

As good as it gets when I walk in for DAQ ice and it is free!
My free bday scoop expires this weekend, and I was overjoyed to see BR next to Fukumimi Ramen.
Randal R. was shaking his head at my eagerness to do DAQ ice like others do the dew, but I walked in, found DAQ ice immediately and squealed!
The associate asked me if I was ready and I excitedly affirmed and asked for DAQ ice on a cake cone.
Randal R. says cake cones are for kids, but at least that means I don't feel my old age yet!
I got my scoop, she scanned the barcode on my email coupon, and off we went!
He said I moaned with each lick but that is between me and the Daquiri!

I feel like the prices at Baskin Robbins keep increasing for standard ice cream.
Sure it always has that consistant taste no matter where you go, but I'd rather get frozen custard at Luv It or Nielsen's for the same (or cheaper) price with more flavor.
My friend and I went on Sunday and their A/C was out and it happened to be 117 outside.
If I had a choice between here and Coldstone, Coldstone would win easily.

