If you go here, ask for Louie.
He is the best around and will never lead you astray.
We started buying cars from him 15 years ago and won't go to anyone else.

This place used to be Falconi's Acura of Las Vegas (and may still show up that way on some invoices or bills of sale) but is called Acura of Las Vegas, at the NW corner of Rainbow and Sahara.
Pretty average to perhaps below average sales experience - some high pressure tactics when I purchased my new Acura, and took a long time to negotiate a fair price.
Boiler room tactics used - 4 square numbers game - 'let me go and check with the manager' over and over with a story about meeting me part way, made me sit for a while during all of this attempting to wait me out, all of the 'old standards' in car sales gamesmanship.
F&I experience was generally below average as well - lots of sales add on attempts for high price wheel and tire insurance and all of those low value high price add-ons.
Service experience was very poor.
Every time they serviced my car, it came back with grease on the interior or some damage.
Even after detailing it, had grease on the interior - very poor.
Their service writers, in particular, provided poor service, never checked car/did quality control when it was ready to be picked up to see if it was in proper condition, resulting in consistent poor interior condition when picked up.
Seemed to be disinterested in service.
Service writers also very disrespectful to customers in my opinion.
Some specific ones were very poor - but will not name names (but they know who they are).
Service managers also seemed disinterested in service in my opinion.
For warranty work, they never had enough loaners, would send you out to a Buick dealership down the road on Sahara and rent you a Chevy Cobalt - and you would waste 1 hour round trip for the privelege, for shuttles and waiting.
I once even got stuck with the Chevy Cobalt rental bill on my credit card when I was having warranty work done (even though this was a loaner for warranty work - the car was provided through Enterprise, so all rental procedures were followed), and it took three months, many phone calls (few returned and staff turnover led to retracing ground many times) - and a very angry personal visit to get this resolved - not exactly Acura quality service.
Will never use this dealership again.

If you want an Acura this is the place to be for one reason.
Louie Doblado.
He is the best sales guy ever.
Our family has bought 7 cars from him now and will continue to buy from him until he retires.
We were looking at a used car once on the lot that was a killer deal.
We went home to do some research and found out it was a lemon.
We came back the next day to test Louie, and he passed!
Without us even mentioning the lemon report he advised us not to buy it  because it had been in the shop too many times.

Bought my current Acura from here.
And while they did sweat me with their typical "let me check with my manager" bs and little square game they enjoy torturing you over the course of 1 or 2 hours, when working with them my experience with the salesmen here were very professional and their high pressure sales tactics paled in comparison to the handful of other dealers I visited when shopping around.
I feel like many times consumers tend to overlook the customer service end and focus on the vehicle's stats and/or amenities however you aren't just investing in the car you are also investing in the company.
So in the end, in terms of quality, reliablity, resale value, customer service, and aesthetics I went with Acura.
They even threw in free car washes and oil changes for a year!
Ask for Phil.
One star knocked off for the crazy mindgames and sales tactics that carsales(wo)men employ.

Bought my 2008 TSX here, and loved the experience compared to other vehicles I've purchased.
I'm actually here now getting an oil change, which is a steal compared to other shops around town: 3 oil changes for $50!
Would much rather wait for my car to be serviced here... fridge full of free sodas and water, and usually they have snacks like bagels and donuts.
Very happy that they finally figured out that giving away wifi to their customers was a no-brainer.

My mom is a second language learner and came to acura of las vegas with two other companion to help her buy a car.
She experessed they wanted a car for a certain dollar amount, out the door.
The salesman presented Mom a piece of paper with what seemed like the amount Mom wanted to pay plus tax.
She initialed it, agreeing to pay that amount and thinking she got what she asked for.
The next day, I looked over the deal she signed and realized they charged her OVER four thousand dollars above the amount she initialed on the paper.
Moreover, Acura salesman wouldn't allow Mom's companions into the room while she signed the papers for the car.
We returned the car the next bus day.
Acura managers and salesman responded with with "you signed it.
you signed it.
"  They are accurately represent a company that misrepresents the truth.
GM called me, as I speak for Mom, and asked what we could do to settlle the problem.
I asked that he allow Mom to keep the rims, as they added value to the car and would make the deal fair.
He refused that request.
Acura of Las Vegas even went so far as to say "they did not accept the return of the vehicle" in writing to Mom's bank when she tried to dispute the deposit amount on her credit card.
They have sold the car and are now charging mom the difference of an addtl amost 5,000.00 FOR A CAR SHE DOESN"T HAVE.
Shop at your own discretion.

This review is for the Parts Department.
The RDX is being cranky (pun intended) and is having a hard time starting in this hot weather.
Living in Vegas means you have to replace your vehicle battery more often than other places.
I called the local usual chain auto parts store to get pricing and then called Acura of Las Vegas.
The OEM pricing of the battery is very competitive and fitment is spot-on versus a non-OEM battery.
With my discount, it costs much less than a similar Sears or Interstate battery.

I purchased my MDX here over a year ago and can't say that I've ever had a nicer car-buying experience.
Everyone from the salesman to the finance guy to the cashier at the service desk was so friendly.
I go back to get my oil changed there and it is seriously the most pleasurable oil change you'll ever get.

Been dealing with these guys for nearly 2 years now.
If you can get beyond their up-selling sales tactics, and dealer markup for repairs -- you'll be able to see the well displayed, well lit, clean shop complete with free drinks, snacks, tv, comfy couches, even a nice internet station in the corner if you need it.
Loaner cars are also available free of charge, providing you have proof of insurance (of course you do) if you need to have your car repaired for an extended period of time.
Sure you're trying to do your job but don't go into old school car salesman mode and try to scare me by telling me I need to drop some coin now on a new timing belt just cause I'm at the recommended time it should be replaced without even looking for any symptoms, cracks or wear on it first.
Bottomline is would I come back to Acura of Las Vegas to purchase another Acura?
Maybe.
Yall are hovering around 3.5 stars.

I recently bought a used VW CC and starting out my experience with Acura of Las vegas started off very well.
The process of buying my VW was very easy.
It definitely was not your usual  buying experience with long negotiations and high levels of annoyance, especially for a Saturday night.
The only draw back to the car was the front passenger side rotor had a large groove in it.
Also, there were some dark stains on the ceiling The salesman looked into it and said that the rotor was actually on order and they would be receiving it on Monday.
I was a little apprehensive, but I was assured the rotor and stains would be taken care of.
I agreed to the deal if they would put in a signed document that they would take care of the issues.
I continued with the deal, expecting to receive the signed agreement with all the final paper work, but I didn't get the signed document.
They gave a loaner car for Sunday and Monday while they replaced the rotor and detailed the car.
Upon leaving,the salesman assured me the rotor and detailing would be done and the car would be ready Monday evening.
He also told me that he would have the oil changed and top of the gas tank.
A little bummed that I didn't get to take my new to me car home, but I was content with the service and deal I was getting.
Upon returning Monday to pick up the car, I was feeling good expecting everything to be done and no complication since I was dealing with an Acura dealership.
Upon meeting with the salesman I found out I was VERY wrong about this assumption.
The salesman proceeded to tell me that the rotor was not replaced.
That the rotor he was told was for my car was actually was for a different VW on the lot.
After hearing this I was shocked and aggravated, and for the inconvenience he gave me a free oil change that I would have to come back and pick up tomorrow since the manager was not there to sign it.
Once I got in my car to leave I noticed that the tank was empty, not 1/2 full, EMPTY, the inside had not been detailed (as the stains on the ceiling were still there), a white wire cable was hanging from the windshield wiper switch, and the car was not washed.
I still took the car knowing I would have to come back the next day to pick up the voucher.
When I went into pick up the voucher on Tuesday I asked to speak with the manager to inform him of my discontent.
After telling me that he really know cars and he looked at the rotor himself and it looked fine to him.
He said that since it was a concern to me he would have the rotor replaced, and make sure the oil was changed.
I scheduled to drop the car off on Thursday and pick it up on Saturday, giving them plenty of time to work on the car and my work schedule wouldn't allow me to pick it up Friday.
Upon leaving I asked him to come look at the car, because I wanted to know his opinion on the "detailing" that was supposably done and to show him the white cable left on the switch.
He looked at the car and it was very apparent that he was not happy.
He assured me that everything would be taken care of and he actually removed the white cable himself.
I dropped the car off on Thursday evening and was given another loaner car.
On Friday afternoon, I recieved a voicemail letting me know that my car was ready and I could pick it up, and that they really needed the loaner car back (even though I had scheduled to pick up my car on Saturday).
I retuned on Saturday early afternoon to pick up my car.
The service department was quick to help me and I was in and out with in 5-10 minutes.
I checked that the rotor had been replaced and it had, but for the second time the car was not detailed at all.
Completely fed-up with the dealership I took my car and will pay to have it detailed myself.
I will say this the salesman I dealt with was very nice and did what he could.
Having been in sales before I understand that a salesperson only has so much power and control.
If I would have just boughten a new car I probably would have been very content with the service I received, but unfortunately that was not the case for me.

Been coming here for maintenance for a couple years now.
My favorite person here is probably the guy that greets you right when you come in.
He is always cheerful and helpful and has a smile on his face.
He runs to the fridge and offers water for everyone.
This guys attitude is how everyone else's should be!!!
Definitely makes my day a little bit better.
All 4 stars are for him!
Minus a star for the other service people who are ehhh, alright.
I bought my Acura used from here and 60,000 miles later its still going strong with absolutely no problem.
In my opinion, its a very reliable brand.

Don't forget customers are always listening.
I think I can say, safely, that all Acura dealerships usually have a reputation for exceptional customer service.
This is a mixed review.
My service tech was great.
He explained information and never made me feel dumb for not knowing what was going on with my car.
There was another fantastic gentleman who was stocking the fridge and helping customers in the waiting area and helping the service techs.
He was so kind, energetic and friendly.
He just made you feel happy from being around him.
I just want to hug him.
If you have been here, you know exactly who I am talking a  However, there was a guy who was answering the phone while I was sitting in the waiting area who was less than impressive.
I was a slight bit horrified as I listened to his tone and the answers to the customer's questions on the other end of the line.
He seemed to have forgotten that the reason people call about "weird sounds" coming from their car is because they don't know what is going on with their vehicles.
If he had answered when I called, I would have lost it and likely would not have come here.
He is the service director.
I have been sitting here for a couple hours now.
Unfortunately, the negative chitter chatter is present among all the service techs.
What a bummer.
Your saving grace is definitely Delfino!
Although I don't live anywhere close, I will likely not come back to this Acura Dealership again...

Gennieve,   Thank you for calling the other day.
I was driving into a cell free zone which cut our conversation short.
Yes, Delfino is amazing and I really appreciate his care and concern for people.
My service guy was good to (not as exceptional as Del though).
As for the service director's call with his friend, well, yes, he may have been talking to a friend but it was the chitter chatter after wards that added to the awkwardness of the situation.
On top of that, it set a precedence for his staff that they could also talk and  laugh about customers when they leave.
I would like to think that this was just a weird onetime incident.
Unfortunately, it is not very likely that I will be back to Vegas for a car show but thank you for the offer.
It is not exactly my interest.
Thank your for your time!
It is appreciated and noted!

HORRIFIC............Let me just start by saying they sold me a car without letting me know its engine was modified.Until i had already signed and wanted an extended guarantee and they explained to me why they could not sell me one.
Then they advise me not to tell my Insurance that the car had a super charger in it.I asked them "But is my insurance going to insure it  knowing the engine is modified?
" To quote them exactly they said "We won't tell if you don't".And they did not let me unwind the deal with them.
8 months later i got crajacked (Dec 08) at gun point and when the cops found the car 3 days later with no tires ect.It went into Acura on Sahara (same place a bought it) to get fixed.....After 6,000 dollars and another 1,200 that i had to borrow (the car came out with my total invoice paid in full on 1/30/09) 4 days later the car did not work....The Acura mechanics gave me a song and dance about them fixing everything the car-jackers had done to it...But that now the super-charger needed to be changed and that my insurance would not cover it......That was NOT true.
I had NOT have probs with the car before the carjack.
I knew better mechanics than the Acura ones in Hawaii and the prob by the symptoms i describe was possibly the "fuel mixer" a mechanic who was an expert and graduated from the Porsche school of mechanics in Germany saw the car because he was on vacation in Vegas.He noticed that the gage of the RPMs had been set at 1,500 with the car stationary.He said who ever fixed the car may have done this to mask an error in how they fixed it.Maybe something to do with the vacuum hoses.....Acura mechanics just do NOT know how to fix a performance modified engine......After arguing with these thieves and unscrupulous charcaters from Acura Sahara for 4 months with the car in my garage not drivable...I had to call the finance company and told to come tow their car..... Due to that i lost my credit and have not been able to buy another car since.Before that i had always paid ALL my bought cars in full and had excellent car credit.
I could have gone to the DMV and report them or take them to regular claims court myself (pro se)....But the stress they put me through took its toll and i wanted nothing to do with these THIEVES.
I have kept ALL the records including the police record (of the carjack) of what i'm saying is true.The stats of limitations has pass for me to take them to court so i just got screwed.
If you have a case against them my records and horrific experience may help your case.Its too late for me.Do NOT believe anything that comes out of their mouth.
And one more piece of advice.The car i had bought had SSR rims in mint condition.My insurnce asked me if i had pics of the car to prove that it did.I did not.So my insurance did NOT pay for nice rims.They just made me choose from a lineup of cheap rims.
I did not know the recession was so bad that people point shotguns at you for Acura stock rims.....When you buy a used car.Take a mechanic you trust with you and take pics of the car right after you buy it.You never know....But between the carjackers, Acura and my Insurance i got robbed twice.One with a  shotgun pointed at me and again with a smile and a hand shake......Honestly at least the carjackers did it fast.Dealing with this company was longer, more frustrating and more painful......Consumer BEWARE.
Anyway who's writing all the good reviews?
their employees??
who else?

I dread car dealers for service.
I almost never think I am getting a good deal and I always think I am a second class citizen.
That is, until now.
Acura of Las Vegas is a class act.
Their service advisors are friendly and they always will give me the coupon price if they have a coupon covering the service.
They also informed me when we were a few hundred miles before our factory warranty ended so they could do certain services without cost to us.
Their waiting room provides snacks such as bagels, donuts, a variety of soda and hot beverages, televisions and magazines.
They always remember to wash the exterior of the car.
So far I have never had a bad experience at Acura of Las Vegas.
Other dealer service departments could benefit from copying this excellent team.

Ask for Jeff Davies

Best customer service at Acura of Las Vegas.
The sales people are quick to help you, but are also great at negotiating terms with you.
The service people who take care of oil changes and everything are super nice as well and try to accomodate with your schedule.

We had our Acura broken into on the strip on a Friday at 11:00PM, our ECU was stolen making the vehicle inoperable.
By 2:00PM on Saturday we were pulling out of the Service Lot, in a freshly washed car.
Every person we encountered was helpful and courteous, and a service coupon helped soften the blow.
Don't waste your time going anywhere else.

As much as I love eating, I love looking at pretty cars.
This is where I bring the wifey's 2007 MDX for some TLC.
When it comes to Acuras, these guys are pros!
We bought our used MDX from Desert Audi (of all places) back in May of 2012.
I cannot tell you how frustrating it can be with getting a used car.
Might be cheaper at first, but damn if you don't get it checked out properly a used car can be your worst nightmare.
Upon first buying it we had to get the steering column repaired since it started a slow leak.
Luckily, I bought into Audi selling me a two year extended warranty that covered almost all repairs.
And doubly luckily, this steering column repair ended up costing about $1600 in parts and labor.
We dodged an expensive bullet!
But I just wasn't happy with Audi's service on our Acura.
It really seemed to me that a lot of the work was done half-@$$ed because this of course isn't an Audi.
I asked them if my extended warranty would work with an Acura dealer and was told by Audi staff that no it wouldn't, all my work would have to be done at Audi or a qualified 'Desert Auto Group' facility.
This left a bitter taste and got me thinking.
One day, I scheduled an oil change and drove our MDX down to Acura of Las Vegas just to see how it would go.
It went awesomely.
I was greeted by Defino, nice dude that was very friendly.
Offered me water, asked me how my day was going.
Nice change of pace from the robots at Audi.
Got help from Jeff and Brad (think Brad is no longer there) on what type of work we were doing on the MDX.
Told them she (our MDX's name is Jet) needed an oil change and an inspection because we bought the car used from Audi recently.
Real easy.
Got told about their 3 oil change special for $54 (very reasonable) and instantly signed up for that.
Was also told by Acura staff that since it was my first time bringing the car in they would do a full car inspection for no extra charge.
Oil change went swimmingly...but...oh yeah of course...there were some problems with our shiny used MDX.
Apparently something was still wrong with the steering!
And it was going to cost upwards of $1000 to fix.
I told them that I really didn't have money out of pocket to pay for this ridiculousness.
I explained to the guys at Acura that I bought an extended warranty through Desert Audi and that I was told I'd have to go back there to get any major repairs done.
From there I was looked at funny by service rep Jeff Davies.
I showed him my extended warranty contract and he made a print out.
Told me it sounds fishy because these extended warranties come from a third-party vendor and should be able to be used at most car repair centers, especially ones that specialize in your specific car make.
He told me he would call the warranty company and confirm this.
He also told me that whenever another dealership brand (ie, AUDI) can't fix an Acura on warranty, it is brought in to Acura of Las Vegas to be fixed.
Got a call the next day from Jeff that YES, our MDX is covered for warranty repairs at our local Acura dealer!
From that point on I was taken care of well.
I dropped the MDX off in the morning and had a nice brand new TL waiting for me as a loaner.
Two days later the MDX was out of the shop, washed, and with a clean bill of health.
No more steering problems!
Our used MDX felt almost brand new!
Even better is the extended warranty covered any additional costs at no extra charge!
It was the one time I was glad to buy into any kind of warranty.
Jeff took extra good care of us and told us to just bring our MDX to Acura of Las Vegas from now on whenever we need to.
Since then, I have always gone back.
Now if I can just convince the wifey to trade in this MDX for a brand new 2014 Acura NSX...

Been stopping here to get my Honda service the past year (they are one of the six eOilChange.com service providers in Las Vegas).
They have always been very courteous and friendly with everyone that comes in through their doors.
The friendliest person is probably the older man that stocks the fridge with bottled waters and sodas, as he is always very cheerful and offers a cold drink to anyone that is waiting in their lounge.
He definitely brings a positive vibe to everyone waiting to just get this boring part of their day over with (+1), so they can move on to whatever exciting or mundane tasks they have left on their to-do list.
Their service area is very large and clean.
Their work on my car have always been very top notch, and if the mechanic discovers additional problems during the course of the vehicle maintenance, the service advisor will explain it to you and provide an estimate of potential repair costs.
Very up front, honest, and professional.
I never once felt that they were trying to pull a fast one on me.
Plus they always wash the exterior of the car!
Yep, I am a fan of Acura of Las Vegas's service department.

My boyfriend serviced his '91 Integra LS over a month ago.
We live in a gated community working on your vehicle is frowned upon.
We needed to replace an exhaust manifold bolt that had snapped clean off.
He received an offer in the mail saying thank you for choosing Acura of Las Vegas.
They offered 3 oil changes for $54.95!
I thought to myself that's a great value.
With the wash, and vacuum.
We both walked in with the mailer and spoke with Jeffrey Davies.
He was helpful, and polite.
Normally an oil change takes about 15 minutes but it was during lunch hour when we strolled in.
We don't mind because the waiting room is comfy, free Wifi & plenty of light snacks and cool drinks.
The everyone there is really friendly.
All in all even though it took slightly longer than normal.
It was still worth stopping by and using the offer.

I love taking my car here.
The waiting area is comfortable and open, and there's even complimentary snacks and drinks for their customers.
The employees are always so nice and knowledgeable about what's going on with your car, without being obnoxious to the auto-illiterate.
My service advisor is Jonathan, and he's always very nice and helpful whenever I bring my car in, and I don't see any reason why I would bring my vehicle anywhere else.

I have a 2012 ZDX.
The car has run excellent and I love all the features.
A few days ago, the car computer reported that it was time for an oil change.
I called the service center and they made it very easy to set up my appointment.
I was kept well informed throughout the process of my service.
I would have given them 5-stars, but I had to fight to get the oil change for free.
When I bought the car I had it negotiated to get 3-years of free oil changes.
I felt that they should have documented in my file about the oil change instead of putting it on me to prove that they has made me that promise.

I bought a 2010 MDX 2 weeks ago,when i got home ,found out my wife was not happy with the car.
that was my fault,so i tried to take it back to see if i can return or exchange for another one,and mike garcia(used car sales manager)came up to me and saying theres nothing he could do but he could take it as trade in -  for the car i just got a day before,and he wouldn't negociate on the benz we were looking at.so i was disappointed,and left,and two days ago,i was informed that i could get the loan and i'll have to take the car back to the dealership,so i did yesterday.
went in and look for manny(the finance guy who is nice),but he was out .so mike came up again and grab my paper,and went into office,and came out say there is nothing for me to sign,and but paycheck is cut on monday,and i asked for a receipt of the downpayment i had so i can showed it to them when i pick it up.
and i said he doesnt have it,and we went into the office ,and all i wanted was a picture of that receipt to show that i have the down payment on that car,there is what happed next,he FREAKED OUT,and told me to get out of his dealership,telling me that he's gonna call the police,and gonna have someone escrow me out....AND HE'S GONNA CHARGE ME 15cents/mile .ohhh,,i can tell he was so mad...and told me to get out many times.but hey,,brother,i wasnt even mad,actually i thought was funny how he reacted only coz he couldnt get that part of the commission,and how a guy like that could make it to the sales manager....
THANK YOU ,TIM AND MANNY,YOU GUYS ARE VERY NICE AND PATIENCE...
BUT GUYS,IF YOU WANNA GET YELLED AT WHEN YOU ARE ACTUALLY TRYING LOOKING FOR A CAR THAT SUIT YOU,GO AHEAD.
MIKE GARCIA IS THE GUY

OK they are back on my good graces once again after doing a bit of important work on my car recently.
They went above and beyond their calling and actually picked up my car from work to their garage.
I've been real busy at work recently and even a 20 min drive from work to their shop can be a chore.
The prices were fair, turnaround was pretty good and frankly compared to other mechanics in the valley when doing serious work I don't really trust anyone else on this side of town puttin' in work on my whip.

This place is absolutely the best.
I've had a few services done there when I lived in Vegas, including 90k mile major service and timing belt/water pump/tensioner.
They always get the work done on time and are reasonably priced, even cheaper than some Honda dealers or independent mechanics.
Highly recommended if you drive an Acura.
Call around for prices on scheduled maintenance, but this place does a great job!

Poor service ever had before.
Today, I got pissed off by the sale consultant name Sean.
I got a quote from the internet sale manager about the new acura TL 2012 tech pack is 35k.
When I came, I met this guy Sean.
I ask about the car I want.
He showed me with a bad attitude.
I met him once 6 days ago about dealing a used 2011 TL, we didn't come to the agreement so I left.
And now, it was his time to revenge.
He said "you already test drive the 2011 TL, so this 2012 is basically the same".
I found out the car was already 5k miles.
Seriously, that was a "brand new" car was?
Even the manager drove it and test drive, 1k miles is acceptable for me.
But 5k miles, hell no.
Then I gave him the quote from the internet sale manager.
And he said "oh, that's without tax".
No more meaningless talking with this sale man, since I pay cash, I go straight to the topic, 35k out door.
He said "No".
Ok, I left.
When I walked away, he yelled out " thanks for the reasonable offer".
Thanks, Sean.
You made my day.

I drive a 2005 Acura with over 160,000 miles on it.
With a work commute of 50 miles round trip and frequent trips to see family in Southern California over the past nine years, I've relied on Las Vegas Acura to keep my little car going.
The customer service that I've received there in that time has been excellent, from Brad G., the  service department manager, to Jonathan F., my service agent.
In the past few months, I've had one issue or another to deal with as the car has gotten temperamental with age, but Jonathan has been great about getting the car in and fixed as soon as possible even when I've shown up without an appointment.
I appreciate getting shiny new loaner cars to drive around when my car is being serviced, too, especially the MDX models!
I never feel like I'm being charged for something that I don't need, something that I worry about about as a single female who doesn't know too much about cars.
The customer waiting area is always clean and has free Wi-Fi, water, soda, coffee, and pastries for you if you choose to wait as your car is serviced.
Come here for excellent customer care and automobile attention.

Cutting corners on customer service!
I purchased a certified preowned  Acura  MDX in Jan 2104.
I told my salesman, George Zimmerer, that I was moving to TX in two weeks and that I won't be registering the vehicle in NV, and asked him if I needed special paperwork to take with me to register in TX.
He told me it didn't matter.
Rather than sending my purchase info to TX DMV, the Acura dealership decided to submit paperwork to NV DMV and use my old mailing address.
Now the title is lost in the mail!!
Long story short, it has been a nightmare trying to get my vehicle registered in TX- in fact it's still not registered bc I am trying to hunt down the title.
If the salesman would have taken that small step to listen to the customer, we wouldn't be having this problem today.
So please BEWARE if you are intending on moving soon.
These guys don't care about the customer

Sean B was fantastic.
My husband and I went in to trade in our current acura and get a lower payment in a another vehicle.
Even though the dealership wasn't able to get us any more than a $1 savings, Sean was personable, helpful, courteous and just all around real and didn't try to be a skeezy typical salesman.
If we ever go back to Acura, we would definitely hope to work with him.
Thanks Sean!

Yeah, never coming back here again.
Some worker named Jonathan yelled at me basically the whole time talking to me saying what was wrong, and getting mad at me just coming in for a basic check up on the car air conditioner because my ac wasn't blowing ice cold air.
His name was Jonathan and he worked in service.
I didn't come in with an attitude or anything I just asked a simple question, I just thought Acura would be more professional about there customers.
He was pointing out things that I didn't even ask him for help with and then he says in a stern voice"your engine noise is too loud, somethings wrong with it, I can tell because it's too loud" After listening to him for 5 minutes I just took my car somewhere else after getting my quote.
This is just my experience maybe there are people with good experiences out there.

worst car experience i have ever had in my life!!!
dont walk but run away from this dealership.
not only did they back date my contract 5 days from day i actually signed the lease agreement ,they sold me the wrong car!!!!
then the sales manager, has the nerve to tell me i should of looked and inspected the car more closely before i drove it off the lot!!!!
omg.
sales man was new, that was hisexcuse!!!
even GM made same excuse but not only was salesman new but so is sales mngr.. waste of time..embarassing.. i leased 2 cars from them before.
will not go back..  fyi im still waiting for my mud flaps!!!!
said 2 to 3 days.
now going on 3 weeks!!!!

Not sure why my yelp review got deleted, took my car in for ac inspection the service guy forgot his name was very rude to me.
Never coming back.
I think because I had an older acura car he treated me with no respect and no class.
I believe if I walked in with a brand new acura TL or MDX he would of gave me some respect, but It was an integra.
This is my first yelp so this was important to me.

I'd write a lengthy azz update after having to go to Findlay Acura but found something that more appropriately summed up my sentiments of the staff and management of the service department.
Love you then they hate you/ Then they love you again/ Hate you then they love you/ Then they hate you again  -Wale  Went to them 2 to 3 times for some noise emitting from the bottom of my car just to be safe.
Both times my ride was diagnosed improperly.
In the end they knew my warranty was nearing an end so they pretty much dragged their feet for something that they thought was major when in fact it was so minor (removal of a heat shield).
I do however give them credit for some of the past work they've done as I've mentioned in my previous reviews hence the extra (chocolate) star(fish by-product).
Ah well, never again tho'

My experience at Acura of Las Vegas has been miserable, exhausting, and truly disappointing.
It has truly been a living nightmare.
I feel so unfortunate that I have leased my car from this dealership.
Do not get me wrong, I love my new RDX and it is a great car, but the service and exchanges I have had with this dealership have been awful.
Never in my life have I been treated so badly by people who work in the customer service industry.
I came into this dealership in early May and was interested in leasing an RDX.
After sitting there for several hours going back and forth about cutting deals, we finally settled on one.
I was also eligible for their College Grad promotion that was currently going on.
The car that I wanted was not in their own inventory so we had to wait for the car to be delivered from another lot (which they would not tell me where even though I asked about 30 times).
After waiting for 3 hours, the car was finally delivered to me!
I was extremely excited to receive my car.
Problems started to happen the moment my car was ordered.
The spare key to my car was left at the original lot and not delivered to me.
This was an inconvenience to me because I had to return to Salt Lake City for work in a few days.
My salesman, Thomas, told me not to worry and that my parents could pick the key up for me whenever it got there.
The paperwork took hours and everyone who came in contact with us was extremely rude and unhelpful.
They treated me and my family like we were annoyances to them, even though we just put a large $8,000 cash down payment on my new lease.
I felt like everyone was talking down to us and not giving us fair respect.
I immediately got a bad feeling about leasing my car through this dealership but I put it off because I was so happy about finally getting a car.
Problems have only worsened since the day I got my car.
Thomas, our salesman, called me and let me know that the spare key had been delivered and my parents could go pick it up at their convenience.
My parents both work full-time jobs and have very busy schedules.
When my parents finally went in to pick up the key, Thomas was not at work that day and no one knew where he had placed the key.
This should have been communicated better within the dealership before my parents took time to go pick it up!!
When my step dad asked the manager to help him, he told him he couldn't help at all.
My step dad was mad about the way he was treated and things escalated quickly.
My step dad told the general manager that he came all the way from Summerlin to pick up a key that Thomas said would be ready for him and the general manager replied back with "Well then just go back to where you came from!".
Both of my parents are immigrants from China and took this as a racial discrimination slur.
Whether it was meant as a racial slur or not, I do not believe that a manager of a dealership should ever shout rude remarks to his customer.
The general manager treated my parents like shit and I was appalled when I found out what had happened.
The next day, I received a very unpleasant voicemail from Ken.
The voicemail said that if I did not submit my college graduate papers into them, they would be forced to take my car away from me.
I was in shock that he left me a voicemail like that.
The college graduate promotion just awards you $500.00, which seems like nothing compared to the $8000.00 I already put down.
On top of that, I faxed in all the paper work a week before this and told my sales man that if he did not receive it, he can call or text me.
I was not aware that my fax had not been delivered to Ken.
This was another communication error that was between the dealership but taken out on me.
I called Ken and explained him the situation, and he was not apologetic at all.
I am STILL currently waiting for a call from the general manager after leaving several messages asking him to contact me.
Thinking about this situation and having to continue to work with this dealership infuriates me.
I have never in my life experienced a worse customer service experience or have had so many different people treat me and my family with such disrespect.
If I have any advice for anyone, DO NOT GO TO THIS DEALERSHIP.
Take your business elsewhere.
I wish I would have driven the extra 20 minutes to go to Henderson and work with Findlay Acura.
If I could I would return my car back in a heartbeat, take my money and run.

Service is always great and professional!
I owned a BMW prior to my Acura purchase and I will say that the service at Acura of Las Vegas surpasses the service of their neighbor, BMW of Las Vegas.
Thanks Brad and Jeff!

The Service department lacks "friendliness" in the customer service aspect of the business.
The service advisor was kind of rude on the phone (I called to reschedule an appt).
When my car was brought out after the oil change, I noticed that it was only washed and not vacuumed.
I went inside to ask if vacuum was included and the service advisor said yes.
I told him that the car wasn't vacuumed and his reply was "sometimes the vacuum can't get the dog hairs out".
I DON'T have a dog.
He takes the car to get it "re-vacuumed".
The 2nd time was better.
All I am suggesting is that ALV might want to make sure that they don't schedule more than one "person with a bad day" at work.
I would like to compliment Thomas (gentlemen with the pony tail) for his professionalism.
He fully explained the cars in the showroom to me, even when he knew that I was here for an oil change.

