Yay for snips & clips!
We've been going to their competitor for many years, but they're annoyingly over-priced unless you have a coupon.
$20 for a children's haircut?
I think not!
This place has games and a train while you wait.
Then there are haircut chairs like Lightening McQueen & Thomas The Train in front of TVs where you can pick a DVD to watch.
It keeps the children occupied and not fussy so there aren't any nicks or jagged bangs.
The stylists are also good with children so you won't have any mean and snarky women cutting your kids' hair.
This place is closer to my house and is $14.98 for a cut.
I will definitely be returning.
P.S.
I called once on a Monday (I think) & they're closed that day so call before you come.

"Rose...put the scissors down.
Do you not remember the bangs debacle of 2009?!?!".
These were the thoughts going through my head when I was considering cutting my son's hair for the first time.
My neighbor told me about "Snips and Clips" and I'm so glad we checked it out.
While we waited for our turn, my 4 year old daughter played video games, my 1 year old son played at the train table, and I perused the vast selection of children's hair products for sale.
The decor is adorable with bright colors and a DVD playing TV at every "Stylin Station".
The hairdressers are all so sweet to the children and know how to make it a fun experience.
My 1 year old son sat in a "Thomas the train" chair and was constantly kept occupied so that Crystal could do her job.
His haircut was perfect.
And it came with an adorable certificate with a lock of his hair as well.
When they were done, I had to practically bribe my kids to leave- they were having so much fun.
They are lucky to have fast growing hair, because we will definitely return...and soon.

Max's 1st haircut!
I love the certificate you get for a 1st haircut.
They take appointments and walk-ins.
They have a kid movie playing while you wait and a big train table and other toys.
Everytime I have been here there are always 2 or 3 women working even though there are about 6 or 8 chairs.
There are 2 little kid chairs that are a train and a car.
The kids get to choose which movie they want to watch while they get a haircut or they can choose a videogame.
They keep your name in their system and every certain about of visits you get a % off.
And if it is your 1st cut you get a picture taken and they print it out and stick it to a "1st haircut" certificate and they put a lock of your child's hair in a bag.
I have done that with both of my kids.
The women who work here are nice.
They all have patience and they really need that to work in this type of salon.

They cut our 2 year old's hair and did a decent job.
I don't think it's that much different than going anywhere else except the kids can sit in a Lightning McQueen car and watch a movie while they get their hair cut.

Took our son to this Snips & Clips on Grand Canyon.
The black lady who cut our 14-month-old son's hair was very nice, but she did an awful job cutting it.
She cut too high over the ears.
Some strands were much longer than others, and the back was uneven.
We will never be going to Snips & Clips again.

I give this place a star short of 5 because of the wait.
I should make appointments when I have to bring my kids but I am so busy I love just walking in.

Decided to bring my baby boy in for his first haircut.
This place was bright & fun, with colorful walls and games all around.
Each station has a tv to distract the children while they get their haircut.
We walked in right at 10am they were just opening up so he was the first customer of the day.
There was only two ladies working at the time the lady who helped us seemed very annoyed.
Perhaps because we walked in without an appointment as she was setting up for the day?
She asked me to pick a DVD for him to watch.
After I picked one I quickly changed it to one of my sons favorites which i noticed last minute.
That seem to annoy her even more.
"SORRY lady" I figured I would try to make it easier for her if my son was watching something he actually enjoyed.
She took us over to a station with a Thomas the Train seat.
I was excited to sit my son down and snap a couple quick pictures but... Again since she seem so annoyed we backed off and let her do her thing.
The entire experience was not what I was expecting for a children's hair salon.
The hair dresser never smiled!
Not once!
I asked her if we could save some of his hair she didn't even respond!!
After his cut she came around with a camera, didn't explain what the picture was for.
I figured it was part of the "first hair cut deal".
When checking out she handed me a certificate with his picture & and hair attached to it.
That was the only nice gesture we got out of this place.
Ohhhh yeah... She spelled my sons name wrong and realized it but didn't offer to fix it.
Thanks a lot lady.
You really made a memorable first haircut!
NOT'!
I won't be coming back here  for his 2nd cut!

My first time taking my 4yr old son here.
Made an appointment & right on schedule.
Resha cut my son's hair perfectly!
She offered a movie or video game while my son got his hair cut.
Resha was very helpful teaching my son the game.
Super friendly!
The salon has a Thomas the Train table & multi video games in waiting area.
Resha took a picture of my son put it in a  cute frame and then offered a lollipop.
This place is a home run.
Fair prices, friendly staff and great location.

DEEEEEEEEELIGHTFUL!
Took my 5yr old today for the first time after checking on yelp and had the best experience ever.
We got Michelle and she couldn't have been sweeter and funner!
My boy was happily engaged in some video game the whole time and Michelle also kept up a stream of friendly chatter.
Even during the brief wait on arrival there was a big train track to play with.
We are permanently hooked!
Thank you Michelle!

Walked in today with my 2 boys 3 and 4 years old.
There was one couple with there son getting a haircut.
No line bonus!
2 other employees were on the floor cleaning up !
My wife and I signed the boys in and sat and started to wait.
No one greeted us no one said hello, nothing.
One of the ladies cleaning up said I'm going on my break to the other lady.
The other lady who looked as if she had not showered or slept in a week, stumbled up to the register area.
Still no hello , no boo, no nothing.
I sat there stewing in my anger till I looked at my wife 18 minutes into sitting there and said let's go !
She agreed and we left.
We watched them stand there and watch us putting boys into car seats as if they had been in this situation before!

Immediate impression was wow this place is NICE!
All the toys and activity areas for the kids were clean, well maintained and orderly.
My daughter loves it!

We took our one year old here for his first haircut today!!
We had our appointment with Destiny!
We arrived at 3:50 and we were greeted when walking in and Destiny came and received us promptly at 4:00!
The place was bright, cheerful, and clean!!
The waiting room had video games and movies for children to entertain themselves with while waiting!
Our son enjoyed the bright colors and lights!!
Destiny took us to the cutest little red car chair for him and he was excited to sit in it and "drive it"!
She was pleasant and patient while I nervously rambled on about how I wanted his haircut done and with scissors.
She didn't even seem to mind my hovering or my husbands filming the event!!
She was fast and very sweet to our baby!
Who turned his head A LOT and she never missed a beat with cutting his hair!!
SO IMPRESSIVE!!!
Did I mention she was using SCISSORS!!!!
Yeah, I know I did, but you need to realize that's a tough thing to do with a squirmy, head turning baby!!
His hair came out just how I wanted it!!
Not to short and EVEN!!
We got a cute certificate for his first haircut with his picture and lock of hair!!
So adorable and such a nice touch!
We will be coming back to see Destiny for every one of his haircuts!

Had read the reviews for snips and clips and was impressed.
Called promptly at 11am and was told no appointment necessary.
Arrived at 11am with our grandson for a haircut.
Signed in excellent play area we were called at 13 noon by Destiny of which I was impressed by on the former reviews of her.
He was placed in the red car of which he loved.
The haircut was perfect and Destiny is a star.
Will be back in the very near future.
I would recommend to all friends.

GROSS!!!
Please don't take your sweet babies here.
The women working are rude.
My children never made it  so far as to actually get their hair cut.
I walked in with my boys.
We were greeted with an less then enthusiastic hello.
We waited about 25 minutes.
Initially we were the only ones waiting.
During that time two other families came in.
I was not made aware that we need to sign in, there is no sign posted as well as no one asked me to do so.
When the time finally came I was told I had to essentially go to the back of the line.
When it was very apparent my children were next.
I left in frustration, not because my children were not next, but mostly for the reason that people give up in life so easily and refrain from any sort of critical thinking.
My children deserve better then what snip and clips 4 kids has to offer as well as your children do.

