Not a bad place to grab a drink if price is your concern.
Food menu is slim and nothing was that good.
We ordered: sweet potato fries - good flavor, a bit limp, nice honey dip onion rings - crispy, fried part fell off of the onions spinach artichoke dip - liked the taste of it but there were HUGE artichoke chunks that were too big to eat  Popular place for karaoke, or at least it sounded like it.

Randomness walkin to a 9 piece brass band with crazy vocals.I couldn't believe that this was happening in in Vegas and on a wed.
The bbq chicken pizza is sooooo good :) Beers offered small or large.
:) great prices.

The food tastes delicious.
Karaoke night was extremely fun.
Just extremely LOUD.
The prices for what you get are a little too much though.

Karaoke here is a joke.
Well, let me specify that the karaoke DJ is a joke.
The system they have (electronic database with tons of songs to pick) is fantastic.
Could be a great time.
BUT, when you go up to sing a song, the DJ back in his little booth also has a microphone and does not hold back even the slightest if he wants to sing a long with you.
It turns into a duet... Actually more of a song battle.
If that's not annoying enough, He'll live at random times to go hang out in the bar area, leaving the people that were supposed to be singing stuck on stage looking like fools as they wait for their song to start.
The bar portion is decent.
They have Mirror Pond on tap which is fantastic.
But I come for the karaoke, which means I won't be coming anymore.

The band, Locomotives plays here once a month and it is hoppin.
There are two seperate places, one bar area and the other restaurant/lounge.

Hi, The place is full of attitude, bad attitude!
The Food is marginal at best and definitely NOT wort the trip just to eat.
At times the entertainment is good, Support your local Musicians.

Parking lot is a little sketchy, this place is for the older crowd clearly.
Went with my guy and he didn't feel quite welcome, said the joint was a bit rough.
I didn't think anything of it, but there where some shady people hanging out on the patio where we were.
We went back inside to the pool table area.
In the next room over there was a karaoke thing going on, doors where closed so we could talk to each other.
However people would constantly come out and leave the doors open so that the music and singer would drown the conversation.
Place isn't bad but not the greatest place to hang.

I love this place everyone is so sweet and wonderful.
Well return again and again.
Prices are great as well

Late night bored and have a bit of courage, this place is one of If not the best place in town for karaoke.
The food isn't bad either from their Buffalo chicken fingers and fries to their grilled cheese sandwiches the food is good enough to keep you around while you wait your turn to sing.

Wish I could give 0 stars.
It is clear that the good reviews are from staff.
The place is as inviting as a bee hive just hit by a stick.
Hopecit goes under so something decent can replace it.

