Nightmare!!!
Stay away at all costs!
They told me I needed over 400 worth of service and when I declined they said they had already started.
I was screamed at by the disgusting manager until I threatened to show up with an attorney.
Save your time and $$$

just brakes will always rip you off.
they usually do it by saying there is more wrong than actually is.
How is that they can charge 99.88 for all for brakes, but i only had the back two brakes and a brake fluid leak fixed and it cost me over $450?
i don't know why i to agreed to pay it, just wanted it done and over with and guarunteed i guess.
two days after they "fixed" the leak, my brake fluid light came back on.
FML

Just went by there today ang talked to Jason.
He actually sent me away, which was a good thing.
My brakes are bad not because of anything I did.
The car was calibrated wrong and is wearing one more than another.
This is a dealership issue and will be dealt with there.
He saved me hundrededs!
I can say they are honest and good people there at the Just Brakes off Stephanie and the 215.

Well I need Brake Pads so I went to this location for their $99.00 special .
That was a big mistake.
The mechanic without authorization unpack the whole break system and told me that I need it an extra $349.00 for him lubricate the pack bearing.
I never had any problems before but I knew that once I denied the extra services I would have problems, well sure enough, now I do.
Now my brakes are sounding like I'm driving a truck, these guys are not here to make $99.00 on pads, that is just to get you in the door.
The day before I was there and they inspected my brakes and all I was told I need it was the pads, but once in the shop they took my brakes apart without my authorization and cause a problem I did not have before.
I went to the dealer and ask the service Manager at Hyundai and he told their were scamming me because the problem they describe to me don't happen until your car is over 7 yrs.
old or 70,000 miles, well my car is a 2009 Hyundai Sonata with 32,885 miles.
In summary; 1.
You won't leave paying $99.88 for Premium Brake Special.
2.Brake pads are lowest quality in the market.
3.You will have a new problem if you refuse the extra services they will try to sell you.

Brought my car in this morning with the front breaks on my vehicle squeaking and thought I was going to have to pay a lot to get it fixed.
Per Jason this is normal for my 2008 Dodge Magnum and I was thrilled.
He showed me all the breaks and the pads are still in good condition.
Noticed my rear passenger shock is leaking, but that is covered under warranty.
A little pricy to get oil changed, tires rotated, and to have both filters changed.
Around $120.
Like the honesty.
The other reviews seem to be people that don't take care of their cars.
Yes cars will take a bit of money to maintain.

We had my wife's car serviced here over a year ago.
Since they offer a lifetime warranty on the pads, we took the car back for service when she noticed some issues.
A person greeted us upon arrival and wrote down our concerns on a work order.
We left the vehicle there and said we would be back in about 30 minutes.
Upon returning the manager told us that the front rotors would need replacing since they could not be machined any more and offered us rotors that had a "lifetime warranty".
In addition he stated the rear brakes needed dusting (no charge) and recommended that we flush the brake fluid because it had been about 20,000 miles since it was last done.
We agreed to the services and upon completion I asked for a copy of the lifetime warranty for the rotors.
The service desk person, Adrian, insisted that the number shown on our receipt was all we needed so I jotted a note on the bottom of the receipt indicating such.
After arriving home I did a little research and found the rotors on line from O'Reilly Auto Parts indicating they had a 2-year warranty.
I printed out the information and took it back to the manager.
He insisted that the O'Reilly rotors carried a lifetime warranty and that Just Brakes gets a better warranty than if someone bought the rotors directly from O'Reilly.
He showed me the back of their receipt which stated if the item was marked with lifetime warranty on the front of the receipt, it carried the lifetime warranty.
So I asked him to show me the front of the receipt and when he did it stated the rotors had a 2-year warranty.
I told him we relied on him being truthful and asked him how he was going to make it right.
He offered to write on the receipt that he would extend a lifetime warranty to the rotors installed, which he did.
I can only hope that if he is not working there a few years from now that the company will honor his promise.
I submitted my concern on the Just Brakes website and have not heard back from the company.
Needless to say, I cannot recommend Just Brakes to anyone.
It seems like they are under pressure to get the most money out of a customer even when something may not be needed and they make claims which are not true.

This just brakes is awesome!
I've been coming here to Jason for two years and he has always taken care of me.
I highly recommend this place.
Jason is very honest and helpful.
He has always greeted me out in the parking lot.
When I came back for an oil change six months later he remembered me!
I don't write reviews normally but Jason deserves one!

Just had one of our work vans checked out at this location.
I was told that it needed both front brake pads and rotors replaced and wheel bearings.
Also needed both shoes and drums replaced on the rear.
Oh and that there was no oil left in the engine.
Total price was over 1200.
I'm very familiar with brakes and have done my own service plenty of times.
I looked over the parts they said were bad and didn't agree at all.
Probably just needed new bearing seals.
I also knew for a fact that there was oil in the engine because I just checked it.
When I declined the repairs and tried to explain it was due to a full days of work scheduled for that vehicle, the technician I was dealing with got very irate and was saying stuff like you're wasting time and don't ever bring one of your work trucks back here again while he was putting the tires back on.
Then when I tried to tell him I just didn't have time to have all that done today, he told me to leave and go somewhere else and reminded that there was no oil in the engine and I was being ridiculous for not letting them change the oil at least.
So I pulled vehicle into and parking spot next to there shop and checked the oil.
It was at the full mark.
It appears to me that they were running up the repair bill by recommending repairs that aren't needed.
I'm sure this place has the skills to get the job done right but be cautious about what they recommend.

If I could give a zero star rating I would.
This being my second visit to a Just Brakes branch, I was hoping that I would be able to have my faith restored in your establishments, but with this experience, I am sorry to say that I will be looking elsewhere for my brake needs.
I looked online on Saturday, July 5 to confirm your $99.88 4-Wheel special, which I have used in the past.
On this date, it was available.
I then called and spoke to Chris at store #0710 to make an appointment for both of my household vehicles.
I arrived today to have both serviced only to be told by Jerry, our Service Manager that the $99.88 special was per wheel, and not for all four anymore.
When I asked why the drastic change when it was advertised on the radio, but also found online, why he couldn't honor it.
I got no answer on why, but just a continuous repetitive statement of what needed to be fixed and the overall cost to fix it.
When inspecting my vehicle, he had stated that the back rotor was damaged.
This a surprise as on my last visit to Just Brakes, not only did I replace all rotors, brakes and shocks, so if it was damaged, I'm unsure on how that would be possible unless it was installed incorrectly, which is a great possibility as I had to take back my car to the Just Brakes located off of Boulder Highway and Russel Rd in Las Vegas 3 times before my problem was fixed.
So as you can tell, I wasn't exactly happy in hearing that in only a year and a half later, they needed to be replaced, and this being stated by the same company.
This makes me either question your parts, or question your service managers.
When discussing the work needing to be done to both Vehicles, I explained to Jerry that I only had a budget of $300 to fix both cars and asked him what he could do.
He completely ignored the fact that I had stated "both cars" and proceeded to tell me what he could do for my husbands truck.
Due to my husband needing brakes on his vehicle, I agreed to having his brakes replaced.
This itself costing $300!!
I asked Jerry if I could see the itemized billing.
He was less that happy to show it to me and when I started asking about the charges, he got frustrated and just blurted out that all I was paying for was labor.
On any itemized charges or invoice, you will see the actual cost of each item, and then the discounts placed to get to your final balance.
This not being practiced then in turn makes me wonder if your Service Managers are processing paperwork correctly to ensure proper accounting.
Due to the invoice I received, your 1 mechanic that worked on my husband's truck made $250.00 for the one hour he worked on it.
I wish I could work for you guys!!!
Man that would be great pay!
I will be more than happy to scan and email the invoice to you to see what I am talking about.
I am so upset about the fact that pricing was changed even though it is still advertised on the radio in the Las Vegas Market.
I'm upset that the Service Manager Chris that I originally spoke with was not at the location when he specifically told me to ask for him after making my appointment, and I am extremely horrified and upset at how I was treated by Jerry today.
I will never EVER come into another branch of Just Brakes, and I will be sure to post my experiences everywhere I can in reviews and social media.
You as a company should make things right, not only by training your staff on to properly process an invoice, but to be able to handle a customer's questions without getting "huffy" at the questions they are asking when they are on a budget and pricing is changed as soon as they walk through the door.
Just Brakes has been more than "Just Disappointing......."

