I took my cat into Animal Emergency Center this weekend when she came down with a cold.
Despite them appearing very busy I was seen by a nurse within 15 minutes and the doctor was in shortly after that.
They were all very nice and professional.
I was amazed that I was in and out of ER clinic in less than an hour.
They are near Henderson and they are open when my veterinarian is closed so I know if I have an emergency that they are only just a few minutes away

From driving directions to the sensitivity you can only hope for when you are bring a pet in for emergency services, this place is an after hours life saver (or a pet saver really).
My little guy was having some issues last night and as any pet parent or otherwise knows when it comes to your "children" some things just can't wait.
My mom is my go-to for for most things in life but she is always #1 on the phone tree list whenever I'm in crisis mode and she referred me to this pet hospital.
The intake woman at the front desk was very professional yet sweet and took care of Hank and I right away.
The only downside to any emergency room visit is the wait time.
3 hours later we were (luckily) going home with meds and detailed instructions for home care treatment.
I had a hard time locating this business on yelp last night, so I wanted to take the time to write this review with the hopes it will assist other pet owners in the future.
There are only a  few downsides to pet owning and I think most pet parents would agree majority of them involve trips to the vet.
In crisis mode when the regular vet is closed, this emergency vet service was on point when it came to tending to my boy.

My Yorkie was sick and I took her to her normal vet care.
All seemed well, and she was home feeling fine (so we thought).
She took a turn for the worse about 30 hours later and was horribly sick - vomiting bile, and pacing the perimeter of the house in a daze.
We rushed her to Animal Emergency Center at 2 in the morning.
Dr. O'Dea was on duty that night.
He was extremely patient, caring, and really took the time to explain and answer my questions about what he thought was happening with her.
He was up front which I appreciated.
He was extremely knowledgeable and I felt very comfortable knowing Lila would be in his hands.
I had to pick her up the next morning to take her back her primary vet so they could continue her treatment.
They were so kind, and made sure to give me a copy of the medical records/notes to bring to the other vet along with her medication and IV bag.
Lila unfortunately passed away as she just was unable to recover at her age from a liver shunt.
Dr. O'Dea called later that day to check on her prognosis which I thought was pretty amazing.
I also received a sympathy card in the mail with condolences.
I was concerned about the care she would receive at 2 in the morning but I had no choice but to bring her in.
Thank goodness for this vet....I would recommend Dr. O'Dea/Animal Emergency Hospital to any pet owner especially one in need of emergency care.

Clearly, this is not a place we had ever wanted to have to visit.
Our chihuahua needed emergency care last night, however, and this was the location closest to us.
We were extremely pleased with the care she received from Dr. O'Dea and the vet tech.
Dr. O'Dea took time to answer our questions and concerns and made a frightening situation more bearable.

Our cat needed emergency treatment on a Sunday night and my vets answering service referred me.
As is turned out, the office wasn't too far from my house.
I was totally skeptical however, you just never know what you are getting.
But I couldn't have been more pleased with the staff, the service and the cost, while more than "normal" hours vet care, wasn't outrageous.
I feel good knowing that the Animal Emergency Center is not only closer to home, but a really good place.
Our cat needed an emergency procedure that night and then on to our vet the normal for continued care.
It was the best outcome from what could have been a very bad situation.

I came home from work Mother's Day night and found my 3 year old shepherd laying on the floor unable to lift his head off the floor and eyes glazed over and he appeared to be dying.
I took him to Animal Emergency Center because they were the closest vet open on a Sunday night.
I am so glad that I did.
Dr. O'Dea and his amazing staff saved my shepherds life that night.
He is still not out of the woods but is with his regular vet.
Dr. O'Dea's diagnosis was right on, financial estimates were accurate and they were as good with me as they were with my shepherd.
If it was not for the staff here, my dog would have died by morning.
Words cannot express my gratitude for their kindness, professionalism and competence in dealing with a true life and death emergency.

I had to take my lab/border collie puppy (8 mths) here one morning after vomiting several times.
He had eaten 3 of 4 rubber paw protectors to protect his paws from the hot pavement 6 days earlier, and I had been monitoring him...he was fine up until this point.
I called them at 530am and they said to bring him in.
We arrived shortly after and they put us right into a room, and Dr. Joel came in to assess the problem.
Even he said the dog looked normal, high energy, no sign of pain.
Dr. Joel took him back for an x-ray and saw that he still had something in his stomach and gave me options as to what they could do, and how much it would cost.
There were procedures that they could do if I wanted them done, but Dr. Joel advised they were not entirely necessary if I didn't want them done, just precautionary, and even he suggested they were not necessary as they could be done at my own vet.
I agreed, and we stuck w/ just giving him a sedative and pain pill.
They advised they could transport him to my vet for me, or I could drive over there.
I realized my vet didn't open for 45 minutes, so they allowed us to wait in the room as long as we needed to.
We did, paid for the tests done and headed to our vet.
Very friendly staff, very quick service, and very thorough follow up.
Dr. Joel called me later that night to check to see how my dog was doing and I advised him he unfortunately had the surgery that day to remove the rest of the rubber booties from his stomach.
Never have I had a vet/doctor call me to follow up and check on my dog!
I like that and have been recommending them to all my doggie friends!

My dog was apparently dying at 2am, I took him in, the kid behind the counter appeared not to feel the same kind of urgency I did.
From then on every question I had came with a price tag.
$1,400 for an e-topsy (autopsy), $32.50 per day to store his body, $75 for a mass cremation and $450 if I wanted his ashes back.
I had just lost my best friend and I felt essentially no compassion at all, the vet never even came out to say a word and I had questions.
A day or so later I got the name of the place doing the cremation and for them to come over from Pahrump and pick up the dog, take him back and cremate him then return him to my vet along with a couple of certificates, a nice plaque with a paw print and some of his fur as well as a plaster cast of his paw for $180.
Pet Cremation Services did a wonderful job for a fair price, yet the the AEC was adding $270 + to that price.
I believe everybody needs to be paid for their time but that was ridiculous.
Shame on you AEC!!

We went there with our Siberian Husky that had been bitten by a snake they took our dog in the back and then it took quite some time before anyone came out.
Finally when they did the vet said he had to have antivenin immediately or else he could die.
They then brought us in invoices ranging from 3,000 to nearly 7,000 for treatment.
And that may not work.
I asked it his face could still swell from a dry bite since he was acting completely normal and was not showing any of the symptoms other than the swelling in his nose area.
They told me absolutely not.
Thankfully I have Google and found out that can be a possibility  of swelling only and no other symptoms with a dry bite.
I told them I wanted to go to another Animal Hospital closer to where we live that is approved by our vet checked out they made me sign paperwork that I was taking him without the doctors approval.
I go to the other Animal Hospital and they looked at Shadow and said they were pretty certain it was just a dry bite since swelling and effects were so minimal we left him there overnight and by the next morning almost all of the swelling was gone.
I am so happy that I trusted my gut and did not allow this place to pump my 9 month old puppy full of antivenin that he did not need.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.
All it seemed like they were interested in was the money it felt like a pressure sale when this should have been about my puppy and his health.

I am so very thankful Dr. Farnsworth at the Emergency vet hospital.
My kitty had been back and forth to the VCA hospital for 5 days test after test, x-rays, medication $500 later nothing found my kitty wasn't eating for 5 days already.
My kitty is only two yrs old and full of energy but at this time all she did was sleep and hide.
It was Friday night Sept 6th I called my vet and on the recorder they gave us the number to the emergency vet hospital so I called I couldn't see my kitty like this anymore.
I was in tears and so upset and the ladies on the phone were so nice and understanding and patient with me.
They said bring her in so I told my husband lets go now it was around 11pm.
I brought her in and they put us in a room right away and maybe 5-10 mins later walked in Dr. Farnsworth and we told him maybe she ate a string but the VCA hospital couldn't see anything in the x-rays so he said he was going to bring her in the back and would be back in a few mins.
So the doctor returned and said she had string wrapped around her  Intestines they would need to do surgery to remove it.
he took x-rays to conform and he said he didn't see it but he saw something that's wasn't right.
They came back with a invoice and it's was a little high but my cats are my babies so we had it done.
I felt so comfortable leaving my kitty with Dr. Farnsworth I went home and he called me a few hours later and said that she did great and it was wrapped around her intestines in 3 different places.
I asked him to please save the string so they did.
I am so very thankful for him because he knew what was wrong with her when I had spent a lot of time and money at the VCA hospital and they found nothing my kitty would have died If I didn't make the decision to take her in that night.
Dr. Farnsworth was great he followed up with us the next day to see how she was doing.
I called him cause I had some concerns and he took the time and answered all my calls and questions.
My kitty a little over a month after her surgery is doing great she is all back to her normal self running around playing and eating very well.
I am so very thankful to the Doctor and staff at the emergency vet.
I would take any of my cats there again no questions asked.
I just hope I don't have to...
It was hard to see my cat like that.....
Thank you again Doc.
You are awesome keep up the great work....

So I decided to come here because the previous animal hospital I went to was rude.
As soon as we got in we were able to get a room.
Wow!
Waiting for dr Wayne and she was awesome.
Very informative and willing to explain more into detail of my dogs condition which was diarrhea.
She did mention and recommend options and was not very pushy, nor try to give us a guilt trip of our dogs health(like previous hospital).
Spent about a couple hours there, got the meds, and hopefully now my dog will be better.
I would recommend thus hospital!!
Very friendly and informative staff!

These people are so caring, I can't say enough about them.
My daughters cat got a very dangerous condition that could have killed him.
It was two days before Christmas, and her cat, Bailey, could not pee.
He was in pain and his bladder was full.
We took him to a well known vet clinic, that I had assumed provided veterinary care.
After $290 they told us he was blocked and there was nothing they could do.
We found the animal emergency hospital on yelp and called to see if they could help.
The woman on the phone was very calm and helpful, providing directions and hope.
We arrived to the friendliest staff I have ever met.
They took the time to thoroughly explain his condition and our options.
Money was NOT their first priority, saving our cat was.
They kept us informed throughout the entire process and always treated us with kindness and care.
They did what they could to keep costs at a minimum, and thoroughly explained the aftercare we would need to perform.
Tomas was a standout, in that he completely went the extra mile in providing care to Bailey, and help and understanding to us.
My family owes so much to these wonderful, caring people, who put the lives of animals before profits.
Thank you so much for saving Bailey, and for making our Christmas a happy one.

My 9 year old Lhasa has had chronic kidney and bladder stones for several years.
He has had two surgeries and now another issue with completely blocked urethra.
He couldn't urinate at all and it was a Sunday so his regular doctor wasn't available.
I took him here and they were wonderful.
They got us in immediately and he was examined quickly.
He was in a lot of pain and stress.
The doctor talked with me about prognosis and options.
Because he was in beginning stages of kidney failure I opted to euthanize.
It was the hardest decision ever.
They were very kind with him and  gave me as much time as I needed with him.
I held him in my arms as he slowly went to sleep painlessly.
My heart is broken but he is no longer in pain and a terminal situation.
I highly recommend this facility.
Very kind and caring.

Thankful for this place.
It's great knowing that there is a place close by that I can take my pet in an emergency.
The staff is friendly and caring.
They put you at ease and make sure you understand everything that is going on.
Which is great because sometimes a person needs that when a pet they care about is in distressed.

Our kitty had to have surgery on his abdomen to remove a foreign body.
He needed to stay overnight in the kitty ICU so we took him to the Animal Emergency Clinic.
They were very friendly and welcoming to us.
They answered all of our questions and took excellent care of our baby.
They filed the paperwork for our kitty insurance for us.
They let us go in the back and say goodbye.
They also let us leave his favorite toy with him, as well as found items he liked to make him more comfortable.
Our cat likes cardboard boxes and they found one to put with him for the night.
The vet doctor himself called the next night to follow up and to make sure our kitty was still doing okay.
Will definitely use them in the future if we have to and would recommend them to everybody.

On June 24th, 2014 I brought my kitten in for a possible injury.
It wasn't very busy that night so I was seen right away.
Dr. Farnsworth examined the kitten and did not see anything that indicated that she had an injury.
He let me know what hours he would be there that night and encouraged me to call if I had any questions or concerns.
I called in the morning and let them know that all was fine with the kitten and he called back and wanted to know if I had any questions.
I was very pleased with the service received.
I have visited the Animal Emergency Center several times since it opened.
One visit involved two dying kittens I found in the road near my house.
They were too far gone and had to be euthanized.
Another time my dog had some post-surgery pain late at night and needed some attention.
Another dog spent the night there after surgery so she could be monitored.
Each time I was greeted professionally and treated with kindness.
I have seen other people arrive in distress with an injured or sick animal and also receive the same professional and kind attention.
I would like to thank Dr. Farnsworth for the exam and his offer to be available for questions.
Thank you to the staff for always being there when my pets and strays needed them.

Most places would say bring your dog in.
Karen gave me great advice and I will be taking my dog here tomorrow.
Karen thank you.

