I actually make the trip here once a month for my son's orthodontics.
The trip is about 225 miles round trip for us.
We are VERY pleased with this office.
The staff is approachable, informative, thorough,  and just plain nice!
I would highly recommend this office.

if I could give no stars for this location i would.
staff never informed me I had a script for an emergency root canal.
then when I switched dental offices they refused to fax over my X-rays to the new dental office.
pick another place!!!
save your time!

this place is a ZERO!!!
stay away, they are looking to get every dollar out of you!
STAY AWAY!!

I've been going here for awhile now and I really am loyal to my Dr. Shiek; he's awesome, very nice, thorough, always has a way to calm my nerves since dental appointments freaks me out, and just plain accommodating.
His assistants are always very nice too.
I really love the dental staff from the back; reason for one star off are for their recent front desk...ummm they could learn to smile more or atleast greet u when u come in :-/ I'm not sure if she had a bad day, but I work in a customer service industry so it's definitely something I check wherever place I give my business to.
Everything else is great, it's a very clean place and again the doctors and dental assistants are really nice :-D

Gentle Dental is as good as it gets!
I had a major work done in this office.
During my countless visits the staff was always uber nice, very professional, and extremely friendly.
I always feel truly welcomed.
Dr. Sheik's expertise is really  hard to distinguish from the pure art.
His attention to details and friendly attitude is cherry on  top of the excellence of this office.
I recommended Gentle Dental to my whole family and my wife was simply impressed.
There is not enough words to express how much we feel lucky knowing these fantastic people.

I have been coming to this office for years.
I absolutely love Dr. Sheikh he is such a great person and Doctor.
I changed my insurance plan this year because I wanted to get braces.
My Orthodontist appointment was on March 28th and I called the insurance company to see if they received all of the forms needed about 2 weeks ago and they stated no.
So I called the office and asked if they sent the referral in for the insurance to approve my braces and they stated that it has been sent.
The person I spoke to was so rude and didn't even offer to call the insurance company to verify or re-send it.
I'm changing my Orthodontist because of this reason.
I am also supposed to get a crown and the insurance denied it, I called the office and asked what needs to be done and they stated that an appeal needs to be filed.
They didn't mention that they already did it so I called the insurance company to see if I can do it myself and they stated that I needed a written statement from my Dentist.
I called the office again and stated that the insurance company needs a written statement from the Dr. so how should I get it.
They said they have a specific person that files appeals (why wasn't I advised of this earlier).
I love the old front desk people they were much more pleasant and helpful.
The new people are very rude and unhelpful and i'm not sure if it's because of "HMO" or what because i'm definitely not rude when I call them.
I will be looking for a new Dental office because of the new front desk staff.

