This is a MUST DO for anyone visiting Vegas.
It's so much fun, I can remember having a non-stop smile the entire day, even for hours after the tour was over.
The ATVs are very easy to ride.
Pretty much anyone who is able-bodied enough to ride a bicycle or horse will be fine on the ATV.
The staff is great & will teach you everything you need to know to have a safe, enjoyable trek in the desert.
The scenery is a beautiful mix of desert landscape & mountains.
Be aware that you get very dusty, so dress appropriately (jeans with a light jacket & covered shoes).

My friends and I did a private tour there were three of us two wanted to ride dirt bikes and myself I wanted to ride an ATV.
Most companies did not want to let us ride together and we wanted to do it as a group as we were out their doing are male bonding thing lol.
This place made an exception and let us do a private tour it was not cheap about $300 per person but that day was very fun and something myself and my buddies will never forget.
The tour person was great as well.
Unfortunately we don't remember his name but he was the younger kid of the group.
The others guys that work their all bust his balls but he is actually a cool kid and been riding for a long time.
Thanks for the great memories fellas.
O my fave part was opening up the throttle going across the dry lake bed.
If you've been on a tour where they have restrictors on the bikes or atvs Im sure you know they suck.
These bikes and atv you can go all out on as long as you are able to show you have some exp.

James showed us a great time during our RZR tour.
He's a knowledgeable and safety-conscious guide, pacing us and our comfort level.
He spent the morning showing us a great trail system, a spectacular mountain-top view and a swift cross of some desert territory before we took a quick lunch break and headed back for home base.
This is a great way to add some variety to your standard Vegas vacation and I highly recommend it!

We had an outstanding time on our RZRs with American Adventure Tours.
I realized I have a very lead foot and loved letting loose and got the ride up to 55 mph on the flats.
This is an awesome experience well worth the price.
A review below written by irresponsible children condemning the service provider for their own actions is uncalled for.
You agreed to NOT DRINK and you drank - you failed in your agreement.
Your word is crap from hereon out.
Even after this, AAT agreed to provide you transportation back to your vehicle (20+ minute drive each way) yet even after that gracious offering, you could not drag yourselves out of the CASINO at the temporary mid-day stop of the desert off road experience, where 95% of the people eat something for lunch instead of gamble and DRINK.
Can you drink when you rent a car?
What makes you think you can when you drive someone else's property?
Grow up!
Well done American Adventure Tours!
We highly recommend you.

Went ATVing with my homies for my bachelor party and went with American Adventure Tours.
What an amazing experience.
Flying thru the desert along their trails was a rush and at the same time kind of serene.
In the middle of nowhere with good friends while gaining a new appreciation for the desert and riding ATVs, will be a memory that lasts forever.
I would highly recommend this to anyone.

