Wow, crappiest spa pedicure of my life!!
I actually just wanted a regular pedi, but they didn't give you an option.
Spa pedicure....or nothin.
And you'd swear there was a long line of people behind me by the speed they were going.
I didn't even have a chance to enjoy the chair massage or warm water by the time they finished...lightning speed!
And the lady was not gentle at all.
At one point, she poked me so hard I yanked my foot back in pain!
And she didn't even say sorry, she just sort of looked at me with this blank look on her face.
She didn't use a base coat and then when she smudged one of my nails, she did a crappy job of repainting it.
AND, there were bugs flying around!
Ughh, no more half ass salons!!
I knew I should have gotten it done when I was at the spa on the strip the day earlier!
Lesson learned!

Dirty!

Highly recommend no one go here.
If you are looking for professional, competent service this will not be your go-to place.
Their gel application chipped The Next Day!
By appointment, I returned 2 times: 1st time owner stood me up, second time owner's sister refused to apply a sealer to 3 nails.
Uugg!

Horrible experience !!
I got my nails done there yesterday and last night my hands swelled up and was itching so bad I had to rip my nails off at 4am in the morning , I went to the nail shop today to get a refund and show them my red swollen nail beds and the lady refused to refund me my money back .
Very rude they use cheap stuff there salon is not clean , don't ever go there , I only went because I needed a fill  really bad and they were where I was near .
Very poor place !!
Bad customer service

They are now owned by different people and I go there all the time.
My acrylics always look great and they never lift.

I decided to get gel on my toes.
One lady told me a price and when I went to check out it costed $50 just for my toes.
Imagine if I had time to get my fingers nail done.
What a rip off.
Oops!
Wrong location.
Sorry meant for Tropicana and Arby Rd.

I've never had a bad experience here!!!
I drive from far just to have my mani/pedi done by Ricky!
He is the best!!!

