I had some work done on my RV by Johnie Walker RV, and I have never been more satisfied with any service provider.
They gave me a reasonable quote for the body work I needed and stuck to the estimate exactly and even included some extra things that they found and didn't charge me for.
I left it for several days and they even plugged it in overnight so that the refrigerator was sure to work.
The service people, Al, Ed and Jeremy obviously love their jobs and make it a fun place to visit.
I cannot speak highly enough about this shop.
Although I don't live in Las Vegas, I would definitely drive some distance to return there if I need more service in the future.

I've been in sales for a little over 10 years now and I have to say that Johnnie Walker RV is not what I've ever experienced in the past.
The entire process was simple from beginning to end and continues to be a great experience.
The entire staff is very welcoming, they treated us like we were part of their family.
Thank you Mark (sales), Alan (service), Mike (service), Danny (service), Pat (sales) and LeeAnn (finance).
We even got to meet Johnnie Walker himself.
He gave us apples from his tree in Utah.
If you ever walked on any RV dealership, you will see & feel the difference here.

XLNT Service & no hassle sales!
Todd in sales and Danny in service really helped when we bought our 2004 Montana.
We stayed longer than anticipated and everyone helped with our transition.

Johnnie Walker is attentive, professional, fast and efficient.
Very dependable service.
Had an electrical issue and they not only fixed it but tested the entire system and had the work done in an hour.
Highly recommended!

I can say without reservation that Johnnie Walker RV is the best service center I have ever been to.
I started RVing in 2005 and bought a new RV in 2010.
The first day we had the new RV we were hit on the freeway.
After the terrible repair job by Camping World (Las Vegas), the main slide never worked correctly.
The slide has been "repaired" by several dealers and RV service centers in 3 different States.
The slide never worked right.
When we were in Las Vegas, we decided to take the RV in to Johnnie Walker RV and see if they could fix it.
Ed (Service Writer) was the best.
The slide was fixed correctly and still operates perfectly to this day.
He also knew what was wrong with my emergency brake and fixed that in about 1/2 hour.
Amazing service, honest service, and remarkably fast.
Because of my experience at Johnnie Walker RV and Ed's extremely caring attitude, we are now loyal customers.
This is ABSOLUTELY the best dealership I have EVER been to.
Thanks JWRV!

Great service department!
We had a difficult install on our motor home backup camera.
Jeramy and Al went out of their way to do get the job done.
They contacted the original manufacturer on our behalf to get the correct part.
We will be returning.

Took my newly purchased (private party) trailer into them for some minor service, basically just to check it out.
Chris was my service rep and Manuel was one of the techs I talked with as well.
This was by far the best automotive/boat/RV related service I have ever gotten in Vegas.
A true breath of fresh air.
Kept me in the loop and the prices were very reasonable.
I would recommend them to anyone!

Horrible terrible !
We paid 17 grand cash new trailer and they held our money!
Until we showed our as social sec card!
No financing just paid in full!
And.
Did not give receipt!
And held money hostage.
Unbelievable!!
He wore a lot of man jewelry rude.
All cause we were mom daughter.
So if your a woman watch out!!
And the brand new trailer fell apart after a month!!
We wanted a 20 grand trailer but refused to finanance measly 3 grand when we putting down 17 grand!
We were real dumb for letting them keep our money hostage!

You be the judge - $980 for 4 backing plates and 2 drums.
$600 to replace one waste tank slide valve.
7 days.
I think that's about $500 too high

I understand now how this family owned company has been able to stay in business  50+ years.
Everyone I've met has been so nice and really treat me like a part of the family.
They all say hello, not just the sales reps either, they are attentive to questions and concerns, thorough in explaining things and responsive to my requests.
I may not be on the family Christmas card, but I'm not just a number to them either.
I would definitely stop in if and/or when you're in the market for this type of purchase or having issues with one you may already have.

Great people.
They fixed my hot water tank.
And have ordered parts for the refrigerator  As usual, they were professional and very helpful.

They replaced my Hot Water Heater and the cooling unit in my refrigerator.
They did everything in a timely manner and within the costs that we projected.
The folks at Johnnie Walker are the best.
There are very few people that I allow to work on my Alfa and they are at the top of the list.
They are always helpful and explain what needs to be done.
Highly recommend these folks

Insurance claim for repairs approved; took our 30' mini Winnie RV to Johnnie Walker.
In my opinion body work repairs should have been around $2k.
JW claims they need $3500 to repair.
(1st red flag)  Now it's been OVER A MONTH, and when I called today, NO ONE knows anything about the RV ?!?
(last red flag) I won't be back, if we ever get our RV back.........  Avoid the headache of JOHNNIE WALKER RV.
Wish I would have listened to my neighbors warning about JWRV.

After I complained yesterday to JWRV about the delay to repair my RV, they say they found "more problems" to cover their ass for the delay.
The bill is now up to $5,500 for a $2000 repair.
Vindictive best describes my experience with Johnnie Walker RV.

After 12 minutes on hold, my service contact won't take my call.
Had someone else tell me it'll be another week "or so".
I remember back in the day when we owned an RV...

