My daughter was rear ended in my car by a driver with Geico insurance, Mario Geico Las Vegas adjuster tried bulling my daughter to use the auto repair shop where his office is located.
When we spoke to him he was very unprofessional in every form of the word, and his direct supervised Gary was no better and only defended his employee instead of taking care of the costumer.
I would never recommend Geico insurance after this encounter.

Man BE AWARE and BE AFRAID!!!
...
This company raised my blood pressure ...
This is a minus five rating ...
Horrible!!!
Stay away from this company!
I have the worst phone call from a Geico rep.
The call went like this we see that your son got his license now we need to raise your insurance.
I asked the agent is it a law?
the agent said no.
Said it is a company Policy.
I told the agent to exclude him from my policy he does not drive either cars.
Very unhappy with Geico's policy.
I will never recommend and will always share my experience with all people I come in contact.
Please help me in spreading the word.
Please look for a qualify agent who can insure and write the correct policy needed.
Geico is a numbers game not looking out for the customer.
Unfortunately agent will not exclude my son ... Geico and I have parted ways.

I love the service here, insurance is never easy business however they really do take the time to explain things to you.
I moved from NY they helped switched everything over with ease.
They also helped me by giving me my association discount I didn't even know I had.

This review is for the two employees who happen to be working at the time, not about Geico as a whole.
I have never felt so unwelcome in a business as these two associates made me feel.
They were so blatantly rude and acted like we were wasting their time.
I went in with a couple questions and they acted like we didn't even deserve the time of day.
I have never been in a geico office thanks for the WORST FIRST IMPRESSION ever.
Doesn't even deserve one star but I had to pick one

Excellent service, friendly knowledgeable staff.
They really make you feel like part of the family.
When I had a claim it was processed quickly.
I wouldn't go anywhere else.

Saved me over $ 250 in Homeowners Insurance and reduced my auto insurance by over $ 200 a year.
Good service and timely responses.

The customer service is primo & they saved us $$ along with giving us better coverage.
My husband was thrilled.

So happy with the service my husband and I received.
John (the manager) was super helpful in answering all our questions and providing us with a quote for homeowners insurance within an hour of contacting him.
When we bought our new car, John helped us again in combining out home and auto insurance.
We got a great rate and amazing service!

I switched over Geico from State Farm because State Farm raised my car insurance every year and I'm a good driver with no accidents.
Geico had the lowest quote.
So far I'm very impressed how fast I can reach an agent.
I had a rat that nested ib my car causing $3,000 damage to my electrics in my car and Geico covered which was a surprised.

There are better car insurance companies.
I had Geico for a long time, but when you need them, they don't care about you at all.
Too big a company, and uncaring.

Worst customer service ever.
She kept getting an attitude with me when I didn't know answers about my history 10 years ago.
Get real, who can remember that far back?
Gave me a quote for $158.00 a month and I said "WHOA!!!!
No thank you and hung up.
" I'm only one person who has a prestine driving history.
Insane waste of my time, kept trying to sell me stuff I didn't need and wouldn't let me say anything.
Would NOT recommend to anyone.

I never thought I could get a cheaper rate than the one I had.
I called into the local office and I found out I could save $250 with even better coverage.
I spoke with Jay and he made everything so easy and answered all these questions I had about my coverage.
He was very helpful and I felt like my concerns were important.

