Okay, so I am a girly girl.
I still have a strong opinions regarding the DH rule and wicked collection of sports memorabilia.
But back to being a girly girl...I have few things that give me pure bliss than my weekly mani and my bi-weekly pedi.
My nails (both hands and feet) are fabulous!
I have Desert Nails to thank for it.
Now, my suggestion is to only have your nails done there.
The waxing is a bit barbaric!
I usually don't scream in pain while have parts of me waxed---however it happened at Desert Nails!
But the mani's and pedi's are heaven.
Complete with a hardcore leg and arm massage.
They even paint the sexiest, funky little flowers on my toes.

Not the best, nor the worst, could be a bit cleaner, but the pricing is spot on and if you are in desperate need for a mani/pedi it's a good place to go.
Just make sure to check their tools or bring your own.

I used to come here constantly since I lived just down the street.
I have always been pleased with their services.
Since I have moved to the other side of town, it is difficult to get here regularly.
I tried a new place near my new house, but I am not thrilled...guess I will have to road trip it back over to Desert Nails.

Rose does the best eyebrow wax job around!
I won't go to anyone else!

They take their time with manicures and do a good job making it looked polished in the very end.
I just got a full white tip set and I'm pretty happy with it, but the skin by my ring finger was burned by the burrs of the instrument.
The experience really depends on which nail tech you get here.
The old man with glasses (I'll find out his name!
) always does a wonderful job, has years of experience and is very friendly!
The pedicures are great.
The polish stays on for at least a straight month!
They could spend a little more time on the massage portion of the pedi though.
Overall, great location, friendly staff and decent prices.

first id like to say everyone was very nice.
that's about as far as the compliments go..  Ive had my manicure for about 26 hours now & all my nails are already chipped.
my manicurist tried to send me out the door with nail polish all over my fingers due to his unsteady hand.
i had to ask him to clean them up and he replied "white is a very difficult color" he did try his best but i still wasn't impressed.
i will never return here.

NEVER EVER COME HERE!!!
$25 for a French pedicure, $30 EXTRA DOLLARS FOR GEL!!
I had to pay $55 for my 16 yr olds pedicure because the lady bamboozled us!
I have never paid that much before AND it isn't even a great job!
It took longer for the pedicure than me getting a full set!
What a joke!!
Never again!
What a rip off!!!
I had to give a star otherwise they would not have given any :(

Don't do it.
Go to the place around the corner.
This place sucks

I love coming here for pedicures its only $20!!
The staff there is very friendly and helpful.
I have never gotten any other servies here but I would see many of the girls getting french tip nails and waxes, you never need a appointment when you go there, i usually laways go as a walk in and they take me right away I think the longest wait time I waited was 15 mins.

Always come here for gel, pedi n medi.
I recommend both Tony and Lina cuz they do the jobs very careful n detailed in a sufficient time.
If you want to do a design, they are good at it, too.
Call ahead before u head over.

2 stars for having a clean salon and my nail tech was really nice.
Well, it was her first day at that location, so I think she had to make a good impression on her new bosses.
She was nice, but my nails ended up thick and my gels chipped in a day (grrr).
Missing stars for stupid charges.
I went to replace the polish on my gel manicure.
Now, every other salon in town DOES NOT charge you for gel soak off if you are getting gels again!
Oh no, this salon will advertise "$23" gel manicure and throw in $5 soak off if you currently have gels.
Really stupid!
Sure I understand if I was getting a regular manicure instead, the soak off charge would be legitimate, I almost feel like it's borderline "bait and switch" !
I wanted to say something, and inquire as to why the ridiculous charge, but didn't want my mini spa day to put me in a bad mood.
Well, it did anyway because I left there feeling overcharged and unappreciated.
I would avoid this place if at all possible.
There are a few more salons within a one mile radius, give them your business.

This place is very convient right by my hpuse buuuutttt they are the worst went here a while back got a bad  nail job but I thought maybe it was just a fluke so I went there again and turnes out it wasn't.
It looks like a toddler did my nails I'ts embarassing.

Always nice experience close my house!

Love this place!
Good quality service, nice employees, and very clean.
My nails look amazing!

First visit here and will not be my last.
Tony was very warm and friendly.
I had a manicure and pedicure and by far the best I have had in a long time.
Very relaxing experience.
Can't wait to come back.

Spa pedi for $20.
Idk about that but to me that's a good deal!!
They were busy but I only had to wait less than 10 mins!
I'm so in love with the massage chairs at nail spas.
Only gave 4 stars because the leg massage was so quick!!
Like less than a minute per leg :/  Other than that it was good!

It was so busy but the wait was not even that long!
Tony did my nails.
I got acrylic white tips.
He is so gentle and he holds your hand like a feather.
He took his time but was so quick to doing my nails.
They turned out great!

Amazing!!!
I have been here four times and each time I've been impressed.
I just had Anne do my acrylic nails with gel polish and she literally had me in and out in les than 45 minutes.
Not only do my nails look spectacular, but the salons customer service is always on point.
Tony, the owner is a crack up so if you get him, you're in for a treat.

it's been oh 30 years since I've had a manicure.
I was getting ready for a big interview, and wanted to really sparkle, in a non twilight sort of way of course.
Guys can be masculine and have good nails :-P anyways, I had a wonderful experience.
the staff is friendly, and welcoming.
they explained to me what a manicure entails, how frequently one should have it done.
I walked away impressed with the skill of work, and the great atmosphere.
I was expecting the price to be much more, I can see this becoming a regular habit.

Had an awful experience here.
The owner ridiculed an employee for being late but not in a professional manor.
Then I asked how much for a gel mani was told $28 then after all is done it was $38 because he said I didn't tell him mani when I asked for price.
Yet I was given a mani with out asking.
Then the owner started telling the employees it was their fault because they should have corrected him because he was with a client.
That's when I went off on him telling him it's no ones fault but his own.
Every one had a client.
And to take ownership of his mistake.
This guy is a real jerk  belittles his employees and has awful customer service skills.
Will never return.
To top it off my polish looks awful.
The guy didn't completely take off the previous color(hot pink) and just put the new color over it (pale pink).
And when I asked him about it he said it will cover up.
Well no it didn't.
Don't go here

Absolutely terrible....didn't rub lotion in.
I also get in grown nails on my big toes and I told the technician to focus on that because they were painful, but he didn't.
He just glanced at it and said there is nothing there and left it at that.
If I am getting woken up due to painful toes, then there is something there.

Very disappointed!!!!
I will never go back!!!
I got my nails done by HI, 2 days later they were chipping and lifting.
I went back hoping to get my nails fixed, only to be told they were too busy,  come back another day.
I have had my nails done many times, never have I had a nail job only last 1 day.
Bad Business!!!

Well.. disappointing.
When finally thought I nailed the right place, quality, staff and location.
My 5th time coming to this place and 3 out of 5 got jacked.
First : second time I walked in during my lunch break to get a pedicure.
They said to wait 30 minutes for the girl I used to go to because she was busy.
So I thought: well, in that case let's get a hand polish change.
I asked the owners and both said that I couldn't get only nail polish change with a different person, that I had to wait for the same lady to do both.
I asked why?
And their response was: " it's not fair for one employee to make so little money and loose their turn, because they take turns per customer's walking in".... well, I turned around and left..  Decided to come back sometime in May, really don't have much spear time to find another place near my office,  went to get a white tip full set.
The lady that did my nails did a great job... she even put white gel on the tip extension ..
I was pleased and happy.. and I paid.. paid a little too much because I found out that she charged me for pink and white gel.... Never even asked if I wanted it.
Which I though was tricky because she used acrylic on my nails and painted with clear gel on top which she swore it was powder gel... i know it wasn't.
Well... here goes my faith in humanity.
Went again today.
Only for nail polish change for my toes and gel polish change for my hands, needed to get it done today since im leaving town and had little time in my hands.The lady,  (same that tricked me with the pink and white full set that cost me $18 more than what I was supposed to pay ) did a great job, except for chasing me down the parking lot screaming that I didn't pay my toe nail polish change.
...
I turned around and followed her..
I though $28 plus $5 tip was tip was enough.
She told me that the gel polish was $28.
Then the owner corrected her and said no, the gel was $25.
I looked at the list of prices and they didn't have the price for gel polish change so at this their response was that they don't list that service.
Keep in mind that the regular polish change is $7 freaking dollars.
The lady kept on demanding to pay her $28.00 when the owner insisted that was $23 which I did plus the $10 for the toe nails & she had the nerves to say that was $5 for removing the clear gel polish that she actually didn't have to remove.
She buffed it.
Never used acetone, which proved that the first set she claimed was gel was only acrylic.
At last they both told me that they discuss the prices before hand and completely lying on my face she said she did.
Guess what.
.. walked out, hell to the no I paid extra $10 she was charging me and karma made me witness that she got in trouble for screwing me over.

I had my mani/pedi done by Melissa!
She did an awesome job!
The shop was clean and the majority of the staff is really nice.
There was a negative nancey a few appointments ago but he's gone now.

I used to come here all the time but I stopped for awhile because one of the ladies was extremely rude to me.
While she was doing my mani I politely asked her if we could clean the polish around my nails considering it was the messiest mani I've ever gotten.
She replies "I take it off you go somewhere else.
" So I did for awhile.
I started coming back here maybe two months ago just because it's so close to where I live and I did notice she is gone but the employees just seem so unhappy!
The owner is super nice but it's not a comfortable environment when everyone working there looks like they hate their life.
What is really going to get me not to come back again is the fact that every single time I get gels here they life the next week.
It just seems low quality to me.

