Having never left my dogs at a boarding facility before, the decision wasn't an easy one.
I read a few mixed reviews of A-VIP Pet Resort online and added it to my list of kennels to check out a few days before my vacation.
After getting an unannounced tour of the facility and meeting the front desk staff, I knew this is where I wanted my girls to stay.
It's a safe and secure environment, with private, temp controlled kennels.
They were very accommodating to all of my requests, and although I had worries about my dogs fence fighting or needing separate feeding times, they assured me everything would be fine.
It was!
They took great care of my girls and even seemed to appreciate all their little quirks.
On the other hand, I had taken just enough food to last them the appropriate amount of days.
They came home with food leftover and I noticed a little weight loss.
I was told they didn't eat a lot the first couple of days they were there.
I wouldn't expect any different having been their first time away from me with someone they didn't know (and honestly, I didn't eat my first couple of days without them either).
So, this will definitely not deter me from giving them a full five stars.
I'm very pleased to have found a place that I trust with my dogs when I head out of town.
They will definitely be back.
And the good news is, it's also affordable!

Changing to four stars.
I still trust them with my pups and they're absolutely accommodating, but the last time my two pups visited one came down with a bad case of kennel cough.
My dogs are vaccinated, as it is required of all dogs that stay there.
And understanding that  kennel cough is easily spread in kennels, animal shelters, etc.
it's hard to be too upset.
But the treatment was totally outrageously expensive.
Because of this, I still prefer my parents or friends to dog sit when possible.
But it's nice to know VIP is available when they're not.

After getting an increase (it was ridiculous) in rates (it seemed like every time) at our vet's for boarding our two dogs, we wanted an alternative.
We found a place that we highly recommend to dog-owners.
One tour of this state-of-the-art facility, convinced us that this is where we should take our business.
Our dogs are much happier staying here- the heated floors, the outdoor exercise runs when they get to go out-this is their time, no other dogs roam about (to do their business), the knowledgeable staff (also trained techs), all make this the ideal dog boarding facility in Las Vegas.
The location, right off Warm Springs and the I-15 freeway, is very convenient.
The Owner/Operator (breeder) lives onsite and has several dogs too.
If your dogs stay for a week, a bath is included.
Also, the bedding is laundered and dried- ready for when you pick up your dog.
Another tip: if you pick up before noon, there isn't an extra day charge.
Open daily though sunday's hours are the shortest.
If your dog has special needs, there is boarding up front where the check in desk is located.
We purchased one month (the regular run 4x15 is $600) since we go on two vacations a year.
It's worth it.
I believe that's what we paid at the vet's office for one week!
I cannot rave enough about A-Vip Pet Resort.
It is the best possible choice for our dogs.
We trust them.
We know that our dogs don't hold a grudge when they come home.
(The vet's boarding was like a prison cell compared to A-Vip Pet Resort.
Ironic that we got a notice that rates were dropped recently.
Too little too late.
) We bring dog food, medicine, and vitamins in zip lock bags, marked for each dog.
We also bring toys and bedding.

When we got home from Amtrak's Sacramento Valley Station, we grabbed our set of ready to go luggage then hit the road for Vegas.
We'd brought along our dog April and her pal Misty for the ride.
They both spent an evening at a dear friend's house and the next day we checked them in here at A-Vip Pet Resort.
Not being a local I passed up the main road to this place several times thanks to Garmin.
After a few drive-bys I found it...
The minute we parked, this place emitted a warm and welcome feeling.
When we walked in, we were greeted by a nice gentlemen who was at the front counter.
He gave us a run down on what the resort had to offer and what to expect.
He got acquainted with our dogs while we filled out the paperwork.
Soon enough we all headed for the kennels.
The kennels come in different sizes and are "roomy" whether you have a large or a small breed dog.
There's a roofed and shaded area to protect them from the elements and also a dog run.
Each kennel section area was separated by a fence for each others protection.
Though they provide dog food (chicken & beef) during the stay free of charge, you have the option of bringing your own dog food.
However, they do not allow you to bring your own bowls, which they'll provide.
April and Misty happily shared a kennel.
We brought a pillow, a blanket and their favorite toys.
During our visits we'd see how eager dogs wanted to rush in.
I gather these were the regulars for doggy day care.
I even watched an owner get pulled by her dog on a leash.
The dogs were greeted by name as they checked in which was pretty cool!
For thirty-five dollars a day for accommodations, food and overall care we felt it was a steal!
Besides doggy day care & boarding they also offered pet training and pet grooming services (we had their nails trimmed).
Did I forget to mention you can check in your cats too?
That's right...
Prior to checking in your pets make sure that they are "kennel ready" meaning they're up to date with the latest required vaccination(s).
Call the resort and your vet for more details.
We're very happy and glad that we've found this place thanks to Yelpers!
Next time in Vegas our dogs will be back.
Great customer service and just minutes away from the strip!...

I can't begin to put into words how impressed I was with this place!
I am VERY, VERY picky about my dogs and have only boarded one of my dogs once, at my vet, who I LOVE, but swore I would NEVER do it again.
After reading the other reviews of A-VIP, I thought I would try it out.
I was excited that I could visit my dogs a few times a day while visiting friends in Vegas.
I highly approve of EVERY aspect of this pet resort.
We were given a friendly welcome and gladly given a tour of the facility.
I brought my dogs food, toys and pillow, which were also welcomed by the staff.
I have little dogs, which were kept away from the larger dogs at all times (this is their policy).
The most important thing to me was that the entire facility was 100% SPOTLESS!
It smelled CLEAN!
What dog kennel smells like flowers?!?
Their cleaning supplies were always out and when we walked through the kennel area (twice a day to visit my doggies), there was only one time in one kennel where I saw a little "present".
The worker saw it immediately and made certain that we knew that he was just starting his shift and would go in and clean that up immediately!
There are lots of play areas (I believe they may cost extra), but there is a large, fenced grassy area where we could take my dogs and have them run around and I could play with them as long as I wanted, which made me SO happy!
And I think they were truly happy being at A-VIP.
On the morning when I went to pick them up, all of their things (pillow & toys) were awaiting in the lobby.
When I took a closer look at my dog's pillow and toys, I saw that there were tags safety pinned to them, and then realized that they had WASHED all of the items so they would go home nice and clean!
I was astonished!
Without reservation or hesitation, I highly recommend A-VIP even to the pickiest of of dog owners!

I was very pleased at the service and value you receive when boarding your best friend here.
Staff is friendly and helpful.
The kennels have and indoor/outdoor run which they keep warm on the colder months and cooler on warmer months.
$20 bucks a day to board Fuji at a place that's easy to get to before you hit the strip, I will definitely bring him back here.

me, wifey and biggie had to do a vegas trip.
Big found out that pups aren't allowed to gamble in the LV strip so we had to board him down here at A-VIP.
I got the VIP room for Big bc that's how we roll.
he had a tv and dvd player and was indoor with a ceiling fan.
I like how VIP followed instructions on putting Big's pj on at night and to give him his pork meat with his kibbles.
The owner is a cool cat and really nice guy.
I would have given them a 5 star if the place kept up with some renovation and repairs.
they lost Big's blue kong but replaced it with a toy of our choice so Big is cool with that.
The most important thing is Big like it.
How you tell?
when u leave try bring him back in to the place.
if it is horrible your dog most likely will not enter the place.
Big went back in and was not scared at all so I'm happy if he's happy.

These folks are GREAT!
Nice facility and well taken care of.
Plus, I'm in and out of there in minutes for drop offs and pick ups.
And more importantly, our dog enjoys himself and loves the people there.
So, I don't even hesitate when the hubby and I want to go out of town...
I call to make a reservation knowing our dog will be well cared for while we are away.
For $20-25 per day for a small indoor/outdoor combo run, I think this is the BEST value in town.
Plus, he gets to play with all the other dogs.
Location: off of Warm Springs just West of LVB.

My two dogs are happy, which means I'm happy.
The property was clean and well kept.
My Pom and Dachshund stayed there while we were out of the country and they seemed happy upon our return.
They were worn out (which was great upon our return) and neither of them seemed traumatized or sick.
The staff was helpful and friendly.
I will certainly use their service again.

Who knew there were so many kennels in LV?
I sure didn't until I did a quick search and had a huge list to choose from.
I ended picking A-VIP because of the reviews (Thanks Yelpers!
) and you didn't steer me wrong.
Turbo was comfortable in his private kennel.
This was very important because he doesn't really get along with other dogs.
We went to visit Turbo and the staff was very accommodating and helpful.
**Wish I would've known about the free bath with a "check-in" earlier because I didn't get to redeem prior to pick up.

I've gotta say:  I was nervous about boarding my dog at all.
She was a pound-puppy, returned to the pound once before we picked her up, and was very unhappy there.
She's not a fan of other dogs, either.
Well, they did a great job.
They were ready to take her in and didn't blink when I asked if my husband or I could go back and see the kennel she'd be put in.
My husband said that it looked fine, and we left her there.
I was still a bit hesitant, but hoped that everything would go well.
When we picked her up two days later, I knew it went well:  the woman at the front knew who our dog was, made a bunch of positive comments about her, and they had her stuff waiting for us.
Lucy didn't seem stressed out at all, was happily following the staff on a leash and didn't accost me when she saw me (she's a momma's girl).
If I ever bring the dog with us on a trip to Vegas, this is the place I'll be using.
Thanks A-VIP!

This is the second time we left Little Prince in here.
It costs $35 if you have your pet's shot record and $45 if you don't have it and they are placed in a separate suite.
Suite is roomy...they even have a TV set in the room...I told the man in the reception, Little Prince loves The Lion King...:) Little Prince's hair was matted when we left him there and they groomed him.
We payed $35 for his grooming, usually we pay $60-$80 when we go to Petsmart or other grooming salon.
Little Prince seemed happy when we got him...I am very pleased with the service he received at this hotel.
We will definitely come back!

Summary - Not a good experience.
Left with the worst pit in my stomach.
We went to Vegas last minute and couldn't get our dog into our favorite place, camp bow wow,  due to an event going on in Vegas that weekend.
Due to the decent reviews for this place, we decided take our dog here since they had room and were very friendly in the phone.
We asked to have a tour when we first arrived and the place was very small and cramped and put off a bad vibe from the start.
We paid extra to have our dog play and not be locked in a kennel all day/ night like the pound.
When we picked up our dog the next day, our dog had the strangest behavior I have ever seen.
She was barking like crazy and trying to go out the front door and completely ignoring us.
She was hopping as if something happened to her back leg but wouldn't let anyone get near here as she was hysterical.
The worker never said a word the entire time as this was going on.
I finally asked the obvious question if something had happened while we were gone to prompt the worker to explain what was going on.
The worker said that our dog was the most rambunctious dog they have had and was misbehaved.
I've never heard anything like that before in my life about her.
She attends day care frequently and the people always love her and say how great she is.
Our dog always leaves either happy or really tired from playing.
If there was a problem, I would have much rather had them call me and I would have picked her up rather than have her come home traumatized from that place.
Like I said, we've had great experiences at a lot of dog day cares and kennels and never have experienced the pit in my stomach that I had after leaving this place.

I am very impressed with this kennel.
Before boarding our dog, I toured the facility in advance and everything is extremely clean and you can tell the animals are well cared for.
I like the fact you can bring your dog's bed, food and even a toy with them.
The best recommendation is the dog himself....he has been boarded there twice now.
He goes in very confidently and most importantly, he came out wagging his tail and you could tell he was happy.
They knew we would be picking him up at a certain time, and they had everything ready.
The location is a bit tricky to find, but VERY convenient for traveling into/out of Las Vegas;....it is very close to McCarran Airport.
Definitely recommend this kennel...and my standard poodle does, as well.

I planned a vacation in Vegas so I needed a place to board my dogs.
I visited A-V.I.P.
first and immediately noticed that it looked like an animal shelter in the back area where the dogs would be.
The fenced cells didn't look friendly.
The second thing I noticed was that the only person working was the person at the front desk.
I didn't see any other employees or helpers.
This concerned me because I figured that there was no one there to supervise my dogs frequently.
I immediately ran out of there and headed to Animal Inn.
Read my review for the Animal Inn.

Our pets live it here.
They are always happy to arrive which we take as a good sign.
The staff has been great to work with and has been flexible with our requests for our pack.

I'm not too sure if we will be returning here after the last experience.
Overall, the condition of both of our dogs is perfectly fine.
Mia was groomed and Louie was taken to the vet for shots, which is a HUGE help.
My biggest concern comes from the pick up.
We asked for both dogs to be placed together and we left toys, tub of food, dog bed, and a blanket.
When I walked in all of our stuff was laid out, except for their blanket.
When I asked if it was perhaps still back there I was told that the girl working at the time never saw one.
Not a huge deal, its a dog blanket.
When the girl goes to get the dogs Mia Is brought up from the back room and we wait for Louie.
She comes up and remarks that she would have thought they would have been boarded together and goes outside to look for him.
When she returns with Louie she hands me a bag of food that is not ours and tells me that it is his leftover food.
I told the girl that it does not belong to me and his food was the large tub with both of their names on it.
I understand that things happen and there are going to be problems, but I would like a little more organization when it comes to taking care of our dogs.

Using various coupons we've tried several places since moving to Las Vegas.
Sorry to say, this place is at the bottom of the list.
The people were nice enough, but the place wasn't kept clean and they gave our girl a terrible bath.
Sorry guys, but we won't be back.

I have no idea why people like this place, in all seriousness.
Yes, the staff is friendly, but that's it.
Our dogs were filthy when they returned and they were only there for three days.
It looked like they had been out on the streets for weeks.
We frequently board our dogs in Sacramento with no problem.
They return a little dirty, but happy and calm.
Picking them up from this place was traumatizing.
They acted like they had been neglected and were legitimately scared.
We would never board here again and I strongly recommend that you do not board your pets here.

The staff here is always friendly and accommodating and are willing to help make the experience here a positive one for both owners and pets.
When we misplaced our beagle-mix's paperwork from the shelter we adopted her from, the staff placed the call to the shelter to confirm the info they needed and simply took care of it--no hassle, very polite.
They are also very accommodating on letting our beagle-mix & golden retriever be boarded together and have play time together as well.
Our dogs always come back from a weekend at VIP Pet Resort happy and tired, as though they've been playing the entire weekend.
The facility seems to be in good condition and I've recommended VIP Pet Resort to other friends in Vegas who are looking for a safe and reliable place to leave their furry friends.

website is down....  cannot make contact with the business!
please fix your website so that I can get accurate contact info and other info from your website!
I would really like my dogs to stay there!
Thanks!

Please don't be fooled by all the negative reviews because this place is awesome.
My min pin-yorkie loves this place!
The staff is nothing short of amazing!
Everyone there is always so attentive to my dog Speck, and always find room to accomodate my dog even in last minute booking.
Thank you guys for all that you do

This review is a good 2 years too late, but better late than never, right?
When we took a vacation to Vegas, boarding our girl was a priority.
We found this place and liked it since it was so close to the strip, had decent reviews on Yelp, and they allowed us to come visit every day.
We really enjoyed seeing her everyday and it made me feel like she felt a little less abandoned that way.
To be honest, we were happy with our service when we picked her up.
But the more time that has gone by, the more I realized how much was actually WRONG with her stay.
The bottom half of her stay, upon our visits, we noticed that she kept looking skinnier and skinnier.
The staff said she always ate all of her food, but she was SO thin by the end of her stay.
She also started getting diarrhea by the end, and we agreed to give her pumpkin as advised by the staff.
Our girl was always EXHAUSTED when we went to visit her.
Literally could hardly walk exhausted, like she hadn't slept all night.
The last two-three days were really hard because I just wanted to take her home and leave seeing how miserable she was.
When we checked in, we made it very clear to not throw out any of her food and to leave it out for her to free feed.
They said that wasn't a problem, but when we picked her up, the staff said that she always ate ALL of her food, and we didn't receive any back.
Really, a full 9 day stay, and she ate every single bite, morning and night, but still had diarrhea and was skin and bones???
This is what really bothered me after we got back home.
We are planning another trip to Vegas, but will not be using their services.
This is what prompted me to finally write my review.
Every time we look back at her stay here, we see something else that just wasn't right.
We were still relatively new pet parents at that time, but I'm still ashamed that I didn't realize how miserable she was and took her somewhere else.
The staff was always really nice, but it's obvious to us know that our dog didn't eat her food, they threw it away (and it wasn't cheap food either), and she was genuinely unhappy there.
Makes me so sad to know I put her threw that.
We will be bringing her to another resort this time.
Hopefully the Yelp reviews are more accurate for the new place.

I have boarded my dog here about a half dozen times in the last two years.
The facility is a little off the beaten path and the parking lot has a little "storage" of random items in the corner.
The facility is clean, the staff is nice and yes my dog comes back dirty, but she has from every kennel.
So the folks complaining about their dog was dirty I think are being unrealistic.
I like this place, recommended it to many folks and their prices are very affordable.
I think this is more a facility for dogs than cats as I have never seen cats here.
Nice runs, nice people, good prices.

I love A-VIP.
We're local to Las Vegas and we've boarded our Yorkie here probably 15+ times in the last 2.5 years.
We've boarded there for quick overnight trips as well as up to a week at a time.
The location is nice since its on the way to the airport.
I think the pricing is competitive.
We always pay the extra $5/day so my dog can have "play group" and play with other dogs.
The staff is always nice and friendly.
They called our vet to confirm our updated shot records so we didn't have to bring in the paperwork which I appreciated.
I've also used their grooming services a few times.
If the dog stays a week, he gets a free bath which is nice.
We've also gotten the dog's hair cut there a couple times and it turned out nice.

I wanted to give it 4.5 starts but didn't know how.
I liked this place.
They first of all reassured me that they would take care of my dogs which is very comforting to me.
So I give them a 7 for customer service.
We especially were happy when we came to visit our dogs the next day and they appeared very happy and didn't seem like they were missing us at all which I think is what most people want from there dogs stay.
They also loved Alex one of the staff which was very reassuring for us.
As for the kennels I liked them but wished they would of appeared as they did in the pictures with cots and fresh paint on walls.
For the kennels themselves I give a 6.

