I'm middle of the road on this print shop.
The reps are very nice and friendly and relatively easy to work with.
They are also extremely willing to work with you on price (much more so than their only other competition in the area).
5 stars for their price negotiation (and even just their pricing in general), friendliness (especially to newbie customers), willingness to do small orders (something else their only other competition doesn't do much of), and overall sense of aiming to please.
But I have to knock them down for their graphics department.
Their graphics/art department was pretty frustrating to work with and quite rude on occasion.

Chris and the staff at A&B Print did an excellent job of getting me the exact dimension requirements for the items in our order.
My team was organizing a conference and we were on a tight deadline.
At the consultation meeting, Chris assisted me in determining the necessary amounts of each printed item and he explained the variations between different kinds of print stock.
I was given a good idea of how the screenprinting process for t-shirts would take place and what the time frame would be for all printing to be completed.
After I submitted the graphic design proofs, Chris followed up personally via phone and helped me to reformat one of the items to the proper scale.
He even called after hours to ensure that we would have the printed materials within the needed time frame.
Several items were finished ahead of schedule.
All who attended the conference were very impressed by the quality of the printing and the t-shirts.
I would highly recommend A&B Print to any business or organization.

Very impressed by their ability to turn around business cards so fast and with very high quality.
Had great organic visibility on Google, good reviews and reputation so I checked them out.
Forgot my business cards at a Vegas convention (***slaps forehead***).
They not only designed them, printed them and got them back to me the same day but had them delivered to my hotel for a very reasonable price.
Everyone, if you are in Las Vegas and in need of printing services please check out A & B!

