I have had eye problems my entire life and had lasik done 14 years ago but have recently needed to wear corrective lenses again on an everyday basis.
When I moved to Las Vegas, my eyes became extremely dry.
I could not wear contacts for more than 2-3 hours a day.
I have been to 3-4 optometrists in town and none of them really recommended anything useful.
I went to Dr. Steve Nguyen last August and together, we've been trying to combat the dry eye issue, first with Restasis drop, then with puntal plugs.
Then with a slew of different types of lenses to finally find those that worked for me.
All of this took 7 months, and all that at no extra cost to me other than the initial exam fee.
That to me is dedication that no other practitioner that I went to had given me before.
You could tell he's very knowledgeable and likes what he does.
I am also in the health field so I ask a lot of health related questions which were all satisfactorily answered.
The staff is also extremely courteous  and helpful.
I highly recommend anyone who is looking to have an optometrist for life.
They are located in the Green Valley District so very easy to find.

Super friendly staff!
My Optometrist was very friendly and knowledgable.
Dr. Nguyen made me feel very comfortable and he was very honest.
He didn't try to get me to spend extra money on unnecessary exams or glasses that I didn't need.
I would totally come back and bring my family here.

I went to optic gallery after having a terrible experience at LensCrafters.
I immediately felt welcome and the friendly staff helped me find the perfect frame.
Will definitely come back!

Solid spot.
Everyone who works here is extremely friendly.
There are 4 staff members who regularly help Eric R. and I and know us when we come in.
He and I have both gone to doctors here for eye exams.
My doctor is Dr. Lee, and she is great.
Eric went to a guy, and he liked the experience too.
We have both purchased glasses from here.
I got Oakley sunglasses after living 4 years in the desert without any...and my husband got them for me as a present.
The store matched amazon.com's price immediately so we saved some $.
Now I can't live without them.
I reacted to the plastic when wearing them a lot so there was an easy solution for me: silicone nosepads (2 sets for $3).
They have been great ever since, for almost a year (I have washed them and changed them out by now, I promise!
)  Eric R. is an Oakley loyalist.
He got a pair of prescription glasses called Capacitors (engineering nerd excitement) so he had hoped they would create a pair of sunglasses called Inductors but not yet!
He was recently looking for new sunglasses when we were invited to a little "party" or "soiree" with wine and nibbles at the Optic Gallery.
Everything in the store (frames) was 20% off if one purchased at the event.
An Oakley rep was there to answer questions.
Eric R. originally wanted the glasses where you can clip in and out 2 different lenses so he could have regular and sun lenses in prescription if he rode his bicycle into the sunset.
However, the clipping mechanism was complicated and would likely make him get fingerprints all over the lenses anyway.
He ended up getting a new version of his old pair with slightly larger lenses and mirrored coating.
The Optic Gallery staff felt badly about the cost of Oakley lenses (they had to go Oakley's lab instead of our insurance company's lab because of the specialty product) so they gave Eric 20% off of the lenses and the frames, which was totally cool.
We really like the service and the products here, and would recommend it to anyone who needs an eye exam or a pair of glasses.
Also, Eric's old sunglasses lost their nose pieces quite regularly, and the staff always put on new ones for him for free whenever this happened.

After a terrible experience at Dr. Grant's office, I turned to my good buddy for recommendation.
He highly recommended Dr. Nguyen at Optic Gallery, because Dr. Nguyen is a wonderful doctor, and the staff is helpful.
I immediately booked the appointment.
The staff that helped me with the initial test was great.
Both ladies were very caring and informative.
The quality of service is like no other.
Dr. Nguyen is wonderful.
He was very thorough with my exam, and he made me feel at ease with the entire process.
One star was deducted because there is the office manager (I think), who loves to push people to get the add ons for the glasses.
One in particular was the anti-glare.
It was a tactic she uses, such as tacking it onto the amount and explain that amount includes blah blah blah blah.
Patience then must have her break down the cost.
When I straight up told her that I only use my glasses at night to maybe read/watch some tv prior to bed, she said she can give me a lower price for that service with a cheaper anti-glare.
I once again repeated myself to let her understand that I DO NOT NEED THAT ANTI-GLARE SERVICE.
There are also more charges at the office, however.
But, I will return since Dr. Nguyen is an amazing doctor.

I love Dr. Nguyen.
He is informative, comforting, and professional.
This review is about the $75 "contact lens fitting fee.
"  The more I've been thinking about it, the more I get pissed off.
This is the second time I've been to Optic Gallery for contact lenses.
As a new patient the first time, I can understand the CL fitting fee... New patient, new contacts...
The second time I go I'm charged the fitting fee again.
The size of my cornea did not change, the brand of contact did not change, so why am I being charged for fitting contacts?
Even more, the doctor did not have my brand contacts so he directed me to just put my old ones back in.
$75.
I'm pissed because I feel like I've been ripped off.
I've been researching what other doctors do with regard to the fee.
Many include follow-up visits to ensure the fit is good.
Many do not charge the fee if the brand and size does not change.
I'm going to shop around and ask about fitting fees from my next doctor.
I won't be back.

I've been too quite a few different eye places and this particular one/location is excellent!
I have recommended to all my family members Dr. Stephanie Lee, she is the best!
I've been going to eye doctors all my life  (I have really bad vision) and she is the 1st one in all my years to recognize an eye condition I've had all my life when nobody else has, and I brought my gramma here and she also pointed out that my gramma showed the beginning signs of cataracs which her normal eye doctor has never mentioned .
ALso A++ for the staff they are so helpful, I went in today on there lunch break when they're normally closed and they fixed my glasses and gave me all kinds of information about the questions I was asking instead of turning me away and telling me to come back in an hour.
This is a great place and Stephanie lee is an outstanding doctor!!

From walking in the door to exiting the staff are top notch!
They were happy to see me and greeted me as I walked in the door!
I waited only a few minutes before getting started with my appointment.
Dr. Lee is amazing!
We actually had a full conversation during my appointment.
She is very personable and easy to get along with.
She answered all of my questions.
I left feeling confident about my exam and my options.
I will definitely  return to Optic Gallery in the future!

My regular spot for a yearly eye exam.
The wait is usually reasonable and the optometrist has been helpful in answering my questions and offering advice.
I don't buy my glasses here though, online prices just can't be beat.
Location at The District is great for me and I plan to continue to come here yearly.

I had a very positive experience here.
The exam was quick and easy, Dr. Lee is phenomenal.
The whole entire staff it personable and friendly, I love it!
My glasses were done in less than a week and they are perfect!
One thing I really appreciated was that they were not trying to nickel and dime me and I can't say enough about how friendly they are.
I will be recommending this place to everyone I know in need of glasses/contacts!

After a lot of reluctance to accept the fact my vision stinks, I took my girlfriend's recommendation to get an eye exam at Optic Gallery at The District.
I was pleased from start to finish.
The staff was all very friendly, able to kindly answer all questions, and Dr. Nguyen was very candid about my goals and expectations in improving my ability to see.
I would recommend this place to anyone!

I had usually gone to Shepard Eye Center.
I was due for my exam, and with 6 doctors at multiple locations, the soonest they could get me in was 2 months!
I found out that Optic Gallery accepted my insurance, called them, and they got me in within 3 days!!
The service was outstanding!
Dr. Nguyen was great, and so was the staff.
I was upsold on lenses, and there is a contact lense fitting fee, but it's a small price to pay.
I chose to get the lenses that they recommended, and I choose to wear contacts too.
Just waiting until I can be a candidate for LASIK.
Overall, I highly recommend them.

Put off my eye doctor Visits until 2 years ago.
Went to the place that takes care of people like sheep (lots if patients on horizon Ridge).
Felt like a sheep.
I went to Optic Gallery in the district at Green Valley and it felt like a small town or village center.
Very friendly staff.
Dr Nguyen.
(Steve Nguyen took care of my eyes but didn't take all my money like the Wynn).
Ha.
Anyhow, he took plenty of time to show me my problem by using the eye model and very patiently answered All my questions.
He even escorted me out and introduced me to the Employee that would show me my sunglasses and reading glasses options.
Felt zero rush.
I loved my appointment and ordered Custom reading glasses and felt good about it.
Great Job.
I'll be back.

If you are searching for an eye doctor who cares...if you are searching for a doctors office who dont rush you through like cattle ... then Optic Gallery is where you need to go.
Dr. Steve Nguyen takes his time to make sure you understand everything you need to know.
He shows compassion and caring about your eye health.
His staff is wonderful ...
I highly recommend Dr. Nguyen to anyone who really cares about their sight...

Wow!
I have never had such a PLEASANT experience in a doctors office before.
Honestly I have no bad comments about this office.
If you need an optometrist, I recommend Dr. Lee.
As soon as you walk in they greet you and make you feel welcome (which to me, presentation is everything).
They check you in and call you back (in a timely manner I might add).
Then you get examined and from previous experiences they do a more detailed examination (which is a plus!).
Soon after the assistant leads you into a room she collects more basic information (medical history) and other information that will help them to get to know you!
Which is exactly what I love... getting to know people.
One of the assistances, Ana, made me feel very welcome.
She was very kind, detailed, and patient.
Once I was ready to see the doctor, I waited maybe 3-5minutes for her.
Dr. Lee was very personable, she engaged in conversation very quickly.
She examined me and answered all my questions.
Afterwards she walked me out and her lovely assistants helped me find new frames!
Nikki closed up the visit for me and she was delightful and patient.
Let's just say I'm very indecisive and she helped me choose two sets of frames.
The whole staff team was GREAT!
Setting up an appointment is quite simple since you can do it online and choose the day and time that is best for you.

