Wait...so you're saying I can have a huge assed shish kabob dinner with rice and salad for $9 and I will be really, really full and satiated??
SOLD!!
Found out about this place through ex-Yelper, Poly, so I had to check it out after her raves about it.
Almost every dinner entree is less than $10 except for the kabob combo and the lamb chops and MAN is it a lot of food!
Lunch prices for dinner!
Get double the portion of what you'd pay at most Greek joints!
I had the kabob sampler for $10.50 which included a huge salad, rice, pita, 2 pieces of chicken kabob (thigh meat), 2 pieces of beef kabob, 1 chicken lula (grilled ground chicken) and a pork chop...not some dinky chop either..like a full meal deal pork chop!
Awesome.
Entree was also accompanied w/ a full grilled tomato and hot pepper which went great w/ everything.
The menu is simple.
They just have a photo of what each dish looks like which makes it really friggin easy.
Decor of the place is just simple and there's a cool outdoor hookah lounge which we didn't partake in this time around since we were starving.
Can't wait to go back.
We already know what we're ordering the next time.
My wife is having the beef kabob/lula combo and I'm going for the salmon.

I ordered from SKH from the office for delivery.
They delivered it within the time they quoted.
Good Portions, Low Cost, and Tasty.
I got the Combo Kabob (#19) $10.95 and I couldn't even eat it all.
It will make for a good snack later.
Not the best I've ever had, but i have no complaints.
The salad (strong dressing) got ignored for the most part, not because i didn't like it, but what guy wouldn't rather get full on meat with a side of rice.

The lunch specials here are great.
I had the lamb chops and it was surprisingly pretty good.
Beef, chicken and lamb kabobs were also very tasty.
The pork chops were very flavorful.
The rice that they serve here is awesome (BUTTER BUTTER AND MORE BUTTER) .
The lunch portions are huge.
It comes with salad and rice.
They moved to a bigger and much nicer place a couple of doors down.
No frills Mediterranean place that is decently priced.

I'll be honest.
It was our last night in Vegas, we were tired and lazy and had yet to pack.
Thankfully, Shish Kabob house had slid their little flyer under our hotel room door.
The portions are crazy large, the hummus was tasty and it was delicious.
Hit the spot.

Went to here for lunch today with my uncle who raved about it.
We ordered #19 with rice.
The meat was all cooked perfectly and the rice was delicious.
We also ordered a cucumber yogurt which was very mild and satisfying.
Would definately go again.

Great food, great value, big portions.
Just Go!

The Lamb...OMFG THE LAMB!!!
I'll have cravings of the lamb chops for the next few months thanks to this place.
Okay here's the story, Buddy and I planned on hitting up Mother's Korean BBQ in China town.
I no longer felt up to it and decided i needed a Kebab (I dont care to me it's KE-BAB, i talk about KE-BABS with my British and Australian friends it's not a kah-bob it's KE-BAB).
My buddy works around the area and orders delivery at least twice a week.
TWICE A WEEK?!
other then rice i dont eat anything twice a week willingly.
We GOTTA check this place out.
We arrived at 9:45 and closing is at 10:00.
The staff allowed us to dine in regardless of their closing time.
Our waitress was brand new and possibly fumbled our order so another waitress came over to confirm everything.
Now some would consider this an annoyance because they should have got it right the first time but i actually approve of this.
It's better to ask again and get it right rather then follow through only to discover someone made a mistake somewhere.
We both ordered #19s (Combo Kebab) but with personal touches.
I had a straight 19 which has Rice, Salad, Grilled Chili & Tomato, A Pork Chop, two of each Chicken & Beef Kebabs, and a Beef Lula kebab.
Buddy had the same but replaced his rice with half rice half fries, all beef kebabs, and a chicken lula.
We also had a side of lamb chops were were...what ever i'll say it...ORGASMIC   Rice: had that classic flavor found in middle eastern, indian, and mediteranean cuisine.
I have been unable to replicated and havent found a female of listed above ethnicity to date so the rice will still impress me until i learn it's secrets.
Beef Kebab: Perfectly seasoned not too dry but not all that juicy.
Had a lot of flavor and was very tender.
Epic Win  Chicken Kebab: Same as the beef but with chicken.
Epic Win  Beef Lula Kebab: Nice flavor but the texture is what got me, it seemed softer then burger meat but had twice the flavor.
The overly soft texture didnt sit too well with me but then again i ate it all.
Epic uh...not sure if i like it but there's no trace of it on my plate  Chicken Lula Kebab: Perfect just perfect, the flavors and most importantly the texture was perfect.
Epic Perfection  Pork Chops: No impact No idea.
All i know is it fits VERY nicely in the to go box.
Not a small pork chop either mine covered nearly half the plate.
Epic Breakfst  Side of Lamb Chops: Words can not begin to describe...Should have sent a Poet.
In all seriousness i was ready to throw my entire plate on the floor and completely devote the next few minutes to munching on these lamb chops.
We as Americans need to embrace Lamb more...Epic Lamb  Having a salad on the side is a very nice way to balance out the savory and the salty with crunchy tartness.
The Pita bread wasnt fresh but i cant expect more when they stayed open late to accommodate us very close to their closing time.
Overall two combo plates, two sodas, customization on one of the combo plates, and a side of 4 pieces of lamb chops for 40 dollars.
WAIT WHAT?!?!
20 quid per person?!
that's a 22oz steak @ the Cortez Room...That's All you can eat Korean BBQ @ Sula...here 20 bucks not only got us each a combo plate but the Lamb too?!
Sorry my other favorite place for cheap eats you've already been forgotten and replaced with Shish Kebab House...

Thank you, Tien N.  Without you I never would have ordered the lamb.
With your review, my girlfriend and I ordered 3 dishes: the lamb, the chicken, and the beef.
All were delicious.
We had the Baba Ganoush appetizer, and our server refilled our pita bread, which was unexpected.
We ordered that much food because there was a $35 minimum with our restaurant.com GC.
All told I spent $21 including tax and tip after the GC was deducted, with enough leftovers to last us well into tomorrow!

We decided to have some kabobs on a hot Saturday night.
I didn't know what to expect since I've never been here before.
Apparently they used to be in a smaller place and have now moved to a bigger place.
After looking at the menu, I decided on the combination plate.
The combination plate included: 1.
Beef Lula- this was tender and juicy 2.
Beef Kabob- also tender/flavorful 3.
Chicken Kabob- too dry to fully enjoy it 4.
Porkchop- overcooked and a lil too grilled for my liking The rice was delicious, but I'm sure it had a lot of butter of salt.
The salad was decent....a lot of onions, so if you plan on taking your significant other there, beware of onion breath!
Overall, I though it was just ok and if I go back I will just stick to what I liked and possibly try this lamb kabob that all the other yelpers are talking about.

Hahaha I love how confused we were and wondered if we opened the right door to the Shish Kabob House and had to ask someone in this banquet looking hall.
The sign is to one side over by the exit door and not directly above the entrance.
Because of the decor, I thought we stumbled into some sort of private hall.
It seems my comrades thought their chickens were more on the okay side so I'm drawing to a conclusion that maybe the red meats are the star?
My beef kabob and lula kabob were pretty good and lamb is definitely to try next time.
The LuLa was nicely seasoned and the beef kabob was tender and juicy.
This isn't really "Mediterranean" but I guess it's easy to lump it instead of call this Armenian.
Salad was good and fresh and added a bit of the "wetness" the meal needs, but I still think maybe the meats should come with a sauce.
Rice is buttered and they use jasmine rice so it is soft and not dry at all.
The plate had roasted tomato which was yummy to mix into the food and had a roasted pepper which I thought was the usual mild sweet peppers most Mediterranean places give.
Beware- its a spicy pepper and I took a big mouthful like an idiot.
Delicious in small bites, but not so much in a mouthful...ouchie.
Next time I'll see if they can do a small dipping cup of their cucumber yogurt.
They had it on the back listed in appetizers so I didn't even know they had some sort of yogurt...I think maybe that would be the missing link to marry all the flavors together.
For the big plate I had and a drink it was around $10 which was a good deal so this would be a good lunch spot for people in the area (like me).
I will come back for the LuLa , that was pretty decent.
I saw a mention of Chicken Tabaka...wasnt on the lunch so maybe I'll go during dinner to order that- been missing this dish.

First things first - I'm a huge carnivore and I consider myself a meat expert.
I've pretty much tried it all and love it all.
The meat here was yummy but my coworker and I had some meat that was "confusing".
If memory serves, I got #19.
Some plate of awesomeness with beefy goodness and then some pork chop looking things on it (at least in the picture!).
The waitress asked if I wanted lamb or pork, and I decided to go with the lamb based on Yelp reviews.
The beefy things (kafta kabob + steak) were insanely tasty.
Then came the "lamb".
The sad thing is I'm still confused about whether I ate lamb or pork!
I know, ridiculous!
So it was pale and whitish like pork, but it had the size and taste of lamb (well sort of!).
I've never seen white lamb so I'm uber confused?
Neither me nor my carnivorous coworker could figure it out.
LOL.
She got a chicken platter thing served with those chicken lula meatballs.
She found them disgusting, I found them tolerable.
Definitely not something either of us would order again.
As others have mentioned, the decor is bizarre.
You've got these casual tacky laminated menus, you've got decent prices but you're dining in what seems like a hotel ball room.
A bit odd!
Overall I'd go back, but I'd probably stick to the beef.

As always, generous portions, great food, good staff.
It's the best in town.

I had booked a reservation for a birthday dinner, four days prior to the actual dinner for party of 12.
When I phoned back to change the time (the day of) the hostess placed me on hold.
The manager came on the line; claimed they could not find my contact information to inform me that they were already booked for a private party (though they did not inform me of the event when I phone to make the reservation).
Very unprofessional!
I regret making the reservation!

I had the combo kabob #19 $11.95 comes with a pork chop.
chicken.
beef.
Lula..served with rice or French fries or salad The staff is great the food is good... great place to take a date

So it was stay and home and play game day, so we decided to order for delivery.
This place was close by and I saw the reviews on it that it was awesome and I love kabobs, and lambs so hey!
perfect right?
NOT!
Ordered online for delivery.
It says it will take 45min to 1 hour for delivery.
We ordered 2 lamb and 1 beef.
And hour and half later, nothing yet.
Gave them a call and they said that the food just finished and was on the way.
20 more minutes passed... the driver called and was lost.
20 minutes later, got the food.
At least they gave us a discount since the food took so long.
The reason it took so long?
It was WAYY overcooked.
The meat was all dry and chewy and doesn't have much flavor.
Defintely not impressed.
Maybe eating there is different, but not a good delivery experience.
Food was cold upon delivery.
Though the portion was decent, but not gonna try again.

Lamb Chops.
I never, ever, order anything else.
I don't care to.
I don't need to.
There was a period where I ordered lamb chops from this place maybe three times a week.
Not a healthy period, but a damn enjoyable one.
I actually preferred to have them delivered, rather than to eat in the restaurant, because by the time they got to my house, the juice from the chops had flavored the bed of rice up quite nicely.
The salad usually is dressed a little heavily, but there are plenty of veggies and not just a bunch of iceberg lettuce.
Price is LOW for chops this fine.
Eating IN the restaurant is kind of an odd experience, as the mix of fine linen, diner-type menu, large screen TV's, and "exotic" foods can be jarring for some.
But, whatever.
Lamb Chops.
Eat them.

If I could give this place 10 stars I would.
And so would everyone I bring here to experience this amazing place.
Most recent converts were my bro and two GF's.
Before:  Me, "This is the best Medit.
food I've ever had.
"  Them, "Oh yeah?
We'll be the judge of this.
"   After: Them: "OMG, this is the best Medit.
food we've ever had!!!!
"  We went for dinner, eat in.
Had the "salad plate" which is all of the appy salads - babaganooj, eggplant caviar, hummus, etc... You want to lick the platters clean.
Ridiculously good.
Enough for 4-5 people to share.
The kabobs have huge hunks of juicy meat, the fries are pretty typical, but bro said the rice was great.
The side salad is super yummy.
Food = awesome.
Prices = CHEAP!!
(esp.
for the quality and quantity) Cusomer service = I'd say they haven't nailed it yet.
Just figure its a mom-n-pop place, they don't have a "customer service coach" to help them polish up the nuances of what makes us all happy to be waited on.
Go for the food, and just chill re: customer service.
They try hard, and that counts.
(PS - my first time there, I arrived in the late afternoon and ordered take out - it took awhile.
Unless you want to wait at least 45min playing with your iPhone while you're food is prepared, do call ahead.

I will never order from this restaurant again.
Nor will I use any restaurant that offers online ordering through the 24 online company.
First if we had been told that we would be CHARGED $5 TO ORDER ONLINE - YES THEY CHARGE YOU $5 TO ORDER ONLINE - I would have simply called in the order.
Then we were telephoned by the restaurant over an hour after we ordered that they were out of Hommus.
This is after we were promised delivery in 30 to 45 minutes.
It took them almost two hours to get our cold food delivered.
I will never walk in to this restaurant again and I will never order online through that 24 company for this restauarant or for any restaurant they work for!
THIS PLACE IS A RIP OFF!!

I go out a lot and expect my water refilled, a smile from the waitress, oh...a menu and hopefully, good food.
This place has a weird dining room, more like a business conference room.
There were lots of customers waiting to pick up, waiting to order, waiting for food, waiting for their check.
The food was not stellar so I can't say the food was worth the wait!
The Gyros was not good and I was so disappointed.
The meat wasn't exciting, the tomatoes were lacking.
And the hummus was bland.
Now, if I were looking for young armenian men, this is the place.
But I'm not so, it's Not worth it.

So slowwwwwww.
But pretty good gyro.

Went there for my uncles 50th birthday party.
It is a restaurant we all know that but whoever said the food isn't good has something up their you know what.
Amazing food & decent service!
I'll be going there again

We started out for Italian food and ended up at Shish Kabob House, a first visit for all five of us.
The door was open, and before we could even enter, the volume of the live music was off-putting.
I love it when a restaurant has good entertainment, and in this case the singer was a typical Russian entertainer - that is, she sang in a million different languages, and did it well.
What didn't work was that it was way too loud for the room, with its low ceilings.
Even when our waitress asked her three times to lower it!!
I was blown away by the prices on the menu.
Most of the entrees are only 7.95 - 8.95.
I felt like I'd gone back in time.
But all of us decided to order the combo plate, which was a huge portion consisting of chicken kebob, beef lula (a.k.a.
kefta, ground meat) kebab, beef kebob, and I think pork chops, but the waitress said we could substitute baby lamb chops for the pork (she called it, humorously, the kosher plate).
That was 11.95.
It was served with an enormous portion of tasty rice, mixed salad, and very good pita.
We started with hummus and tabbouleh salad for appetizers; the tabbouleh was excellent.
The hummus was bland, and needed more garlic or other seasoning.
But the lamb chops - oh, what lamb chops!
Moist, tender, perfectly cooked.
In a word, stupendous.
The other meats were very good, too, and they will be tomorrow's dinner, along with still too much rice.
This restaurant is Armenian, as was our waitress, Sophie, who was excellent - friendly, efficient, and accommodating.
That is, until we asked for the check and presented two Entertainment coupons.
She refused to take more than one, even though Entertainment rules stipulate that you can use up to three per check, unless otherwise indicated.
We told her that there was nothing saying that they'd only take one, and she passed the buck to her absent boss.
Still, the bill was exceedingly reasonable, and split five ways, it came out to only $15 a person before tip, and that included the two appetizers, a beer, wine, coke, and a yogurt drink (sour yogurt with mint - yecch - but the friend who ordered it loved it).
For parties of 10 or more, they have a 7.95 special that is a full meal.
Amazing.
Imagine inviting 9 of your best friends to celebrate your birthday and paying the whole tab that comes to $80.
Unheard of!
I think we've found our new favorite Middle Eastern restaurant.
But next time we'll sit at three different tables!

I want to kidnap the chef and keep him all to myself!
Being 1/2 Armenian on my Father's side, I know Mediterranean food.
I have been cooking it myself ever since my Grandma from Armenia taught me as a child.
Well the afternoon we ate here the food was fantabulous!
I had the lamb kabobs and my husband had the pork kabobs.
Both were served on a bed of "real" pilaf that was so good I could have licked the plate!
There was also a salad on the plate with a slight lemon dressing.
It was wonderful!
A pita bread finished out the plate, and for the price it couldn't be beat!
Truthfully, I have never had food this good except when Grandma made it!
P.S.
Keep your hands off the chef, he's mine!

The service and food quality needs improvement!

Amazing Armenian Food.
The lamb chops are the best I ever tried.
The service is excellent.
The atmosphere and the mood just relaxing.
Very very inexpensive for what it is.
This place would be hard to top in my books.
Next time you are in vegas def a place to stop by for some amazing armenian food.

Super Great Food!!!
The prices are not too shabby... My one flaw is the timelyness if your looking for a quick bite not the place or I suggest ordering before you come.
(The food kinda takes a hot minute but it is worth it!!!
) I've brought plenty of friends and they all love it.
I also used them to cater my big 3-0!!
Again everyone loved it!!
Doesn't really matter what you order I've tried everything and it all agrees with my palate!
Cheers!

The food is awsome!
I have been ordering take outs for about year during lunch time and never have problems.
I eat in a few times, but it was always at lunch.
So, one day, we decided to stop in for dinner with my wife and two kids.
We first arrived at the restaurant and no one greeted us.
We sat ourselves since they seemed busy.
Another 10 mins gotten by, and no one even greeted us or gave us the menu.
Then, another 20 mins, we left.
No one bother to say goodbye or anything.
Guess what?
We are not coming back for lunch anymore.
Nope, not only that.
All our co-workers are not coming back either.
Learn to teach your staff how to serve, if you dont care, we are not coming back.

Really good and priced right!
Love the Filet Kabob!

I tasted a few Mediterranean foods and I have to say, this was the best restaurant to serve it!
I have to be honest, I was skeptical.
I've had my fair share of mediterranean foods and I have to say, they weren't all that good.
And I love food.
But I was very hungry especially when I haven't had my breakfast and it was close to 1 PM (plus with only 2 hours of sleep) I was willing to eat and try anything.
They interior decor was really nice.
It certainly didn't felt like Las Vegas, but it didn't felt I was home either.
We sat out on the patio, between the hookah lounge and the restaurant.
It wasn't hot for some reason (we expected it to be).
Our waitress was a lady thats been working there for 12 years.
(insane!
) First thing I wanted, w-a-t-e-r!
(I chug down 2 large glasses of water before my order came out!
)  I couldn't make sense what the menu entrees and I complained a little bit about it.
My friend took it serious and told me to get the kabob with a choice of different type of meats.
I chose lamb (because I haven't had lamb in years).
After 2 glasses of water, our food finally came out.
I have to say, they weren't the most presentable foods I've seen.
They look like one long turd with a side of pilaf rice.
After my first bite though I have to say, I don't recall looking up to my fellow travelers and talk with them until I finished my dish... the whole thing.
Very full filling, food coma status.
I do recommend this spot.
Go there before you hit the casinos and hotel, it's a spot you must try!

Grew up in glendale...so i have an automatic dislike for everything Armenian...I've had persian in various places and even the real deal shit in Istanbul next to the blue mosque..I can say I'm pretty fucking qualified in Kabobs.
First time, ordered the number 7 (beef and chicken kabob)it was blah..and would even consider giving it 2 stars.
No taste and had to put crazy amounts of sumak just to be edible..
The rice was overcooked and tasted like microwaved uncle bens.
Second time...OMG.
perfectly cooked meat...perfect rice....HOT, WARM falafels...it looked the same but all my complaints instantly vanished.
AWESOME AWESOME.
Eat here and love ARMOS for LIFE!

Solid kabob place.
Absolutely zero decor in the place, but it's huge an cheap, which is great for big parties.

Don't waiste your time or your money.
Went to a Christmas party as this place and not only did the food suck, the service was even crappier.
There were 20 people in my party, they only had a table made for 15.
Anytime we asked for additional drinks or when our food started to get low we were given attitude by the waitor/waitress.
The lamb was overcooked and the other meat portions couldn't be any smaller.
Needless to say my whole office was very dissapointed!

This place has the best kabob in Vegas.
They even deliver to me at Panorama.
I have only used them for delivery as I have never ate at the restaurant so I can not comment on service.

WOWZA!!!
WEe had family in town (Russian) and they wanted more authentic type of food so yes of course Shis kabob House was our first choice!
I was completley surprised that the portions for the price were HUGE!!
The rice was perfect (hubby did ask why can't you make rice like this... ) lol Definitley will be going back there before the week is over!

After having a craving for some fresh meats I took my boyfriend here last night.
And while it's not my first time going to Shish Kabob House, last night made me a set in stone fan who will definitely be visiting on a frequent basis.
NOTE: I did notice that they had new menus printed and the prices went up just a tad recently.
Nothing that would make me leave though, considering that I was surprised with how cheap they've been in the past.
But I thought I'd let you know that the orange menus in the pictures are not the most recent prices.
The restaurant is in a simple room which holds a nice ambience, something my boy and I both really enjoy.
There's a small stage up front on which they occasionally have live music and two TVs on opposite walls.
We started the evening by being greeted and seated immediately and ordered some hummus with pita ($4.95) for our appetizer.
The pita is brought out warm and the hummus smooth and flavorful.
If you happen to run out of pita before the hummus they'll bring out some more too ~  The entree menu consists of a standard plate that has salad, your choice of rice, fries or half/half, and then your choice of meats which covers practically the whole spectrum.
Beef, Chicken, Lamb, Pork, Salmon and Shrimp (and there's even some "American" eats if you happen to have someone not so adventurous in your group).
In the past I've always ordered the Lamb kabobs ('cause really, how often do you get to eat lamb?
) while I sampled from my friends' plates, but I think I've officially found my regular.
($8.95 - $14.95)   #19 ($13.95) - Beef & Chicken kabob, Beef lula and a Pork chop, which I found out from our waiter could be subbed for 2 lamb chops!
Perfect!
I snatched up that plate while my boyfriend order just lamb chops ($14.95).
Now let me say... those lamb chops are the reason why I'm writing this review.
When something blows me away, I have to tell others, and while I did have to wait extra long for my chops, our waiter said the perfect line when he brought them to me.
"Belated, but delicious!
" He couldn't be more right.
I was sorry when each bite was over; The meat was tender, flavorful and perfect.
Those lamb chops were seriously one of the best things I've ever had the pleasure of eating.
Overall I can't say anything better about this place.
It's nice for a casual lunch or even if you're taking out a group for dinner.
The prices are reasonable enough that you don't have to feel bad if you want a full course meal and they constantly have Restaurant.com certificates available so you can't go wrong.
The portions are generous, delicious and while it may take time to get your food out, you can tell it's because everything is prepared fresh.
I dare you to leave this place hungry!

I was so Excited to try this place after receiving a flyer from a gentleman going around my complex.
After living in San francisco for so long I had high expectations.
Epic Fail!
Really sad to be honest with you.
I ordered a Lamb & Chicken kabob combo(Custom), roommate ordered the Salman & Shrimp (#9) combo and i ordered a Chicken Tabaka ( #12) for later.
Would have been a somewhat reasonable price if there was any flavor.
Absolutely no love went into this creation.
Not authentic what so ever.
Rice: Regular white rice, slightly fried making it oily.
No seasoning on it at all Chicken & Lamb Kabob: No flavor and REALLY dry.
I ended up feeding it to the dog.
Salmon & Shrimp: Roommate said the salmon was over cooked, no flavor on it whatsoever.
Chicken Tabaka: Regular roasted chicken lacking  flavor and moister.
This place could be AMAZING!
The Mediterranean has a plethora of spices.
Why aren't they being used here?
SILVER LINING and why i gave this place 2 stars apposed to 1: The Lady answering the phones was extremely nice.

CALL IN ur order and pick it up 20 minutes later.
The food is REALLY GOOD, but the food takes forever to come out.
Which in a weird way I prefer because at least I know it wasn't sitting there ready.
Oh and if u want to order, u have to be agressive and get their attention, otherwise ur sitting there forever.

Yummy and better then every others..

We had this food catered in by a drug rep and man oh man was it good.
The beef lula was all the rage as was the rice.
Not sure what they put in it, but its addictive.
The hummus and pita bread was delicious as well.
I now go here on a regular and have not been disappointed.

Pretty good food.
Their gyro was just a tad over par, and their service was consistently excellent.
Hummus was pretty bomb-diggity.
Check it out!

This pains me so.
To only give a place I love(d) so much a TWO STAR rating., but I must.
This isn't based on just one visit, but the aggregation of my last five visit over the previous few months.
What sealed it was during tonight's dining experience.
There was a younger couple next to us that was seated maybe two minutes before we were.
By the time we had left, maybe an hour and ten minutes later they still hadn't received there food.
Turns out the cook "dropped" the young lady's meal and it had to be remade.
It was déjà vu.
You see the last time we had patronized this establishment one of the guests in our party had the exact same thing happen to him.
Coincidence?
Hardly.
I think they expanded the dining room and the kitchen staff just can't handle it.
Tonight two of the five entrees came out about five minutes after everyone else's.
ALL THE FOOD WAS COLD.
Sending it back really wasn't an option as it took roughly 45 min to get it in the first place.
The rice was soggy , chicken and steak cold, and salad was soggy.
Again, very disappointed on the last few experiences at what is now most likely not my favorite kebab place.

After visiting about 10+ times I would recommend the first thing you MUST do after seating yourself (which I like because I want to sit somewhere where I can't hear the neighbor's conversation) is that you MUST ask for Sophie.
She is the best waitress there and will make sure your food is well prepared and warm when you get it.
She is always good about refilling drinks and always knows what to recommend when you don't know what to get.
As far as the food goes portions are a good size and cheap.
I have tried the chicken and beef kabob as well as the pork chops all of them very tasty and delicious.
I don't usually eat pork because I don't like the flavor, but their pork was the best ever cooked to perfection.
My favorite part of the dish would have to be the rice and the salad mmmm...
scrumcious!!!
Oh and the roasted tomato is the best.
Food has always been fresh and great tasting.
Another plus is there is always entertainment, whether its the TV or live I love their music.
If you are a coffee lover you should try the Armenian Coffee for dessert., small portion but tastes REALLY good.
Sophie makes this review a 5, otherwise I would say a 4.

this place is too good to miss it.We ordered delivery recently couple of times and their food is great and packed with flavor and not to mention HUGE PORTIONS..I havent visited the restaurant but I am sure eating the same food in the restaurant tastes even better than in the take out box..

This place is Amazing!
One of the Best Kabob House's I've ever been to!
We eat here EVERYTIME we come to Vegas!
If I could give them more than 5 stars I would.
They are amazingly friendly and accomodating, never mind having some of the best Food known to man...
I wish they would open up a store identical to this one in SoCal.
The amount of business they would get would be out of control!
They have delivered to us on the strip and in Summerlin!
Our entire family has ordered from here and has enjoyed their very good service.
Try them out and you'll be impressed!

#1 Mediterranean restaurant in Las Vegas.
The food is amazing, the place is great and the service was excellent.
I will definitely go back.

I had my 2nd visit to this this yummy place last Sat.
night (July 14, 2012)  I went with a friend in fact the same friend I had been with before.
We were both excited because the food had been so good on our previous visit.
We walked in and there was an solo Entertainer in the front and we asked if we could sit towards the back so it would not be so loud, which they were happy to do for us.
Our charming waiter took our drink order right away and brought them right back and took our order.
We ordered two appetizers, Hummus and Tabbulhu (sorry about the spelling)  then we order the beef and chicken kabobs.
Our appetizers came and the portions was huge !!!
They were delicious and fresh.
Our meals came, same thing , huge and perfect, meat was so tender, seasoned well, the salad that came with it was delicious.
Our meal was perfect.
The place was slamming, it was packed with people the whole time we were there.
Our waiter did a good job especially with the crowd he had to deal with.
The location is a bit strange, but once you find it and know where it is you will surely be back again and again, like I will.
As far as price point, the place is cheap, my kabob meal was 9.95 and I had enough to take home with me.
Appetizers were 4.95 each and we both took some of those home there was so much left, believe me this place is a deal.

The Shish Kabob house is a wonderful family oriented dining experience.
A visit to this restaurant was a special treat because I was dining with my sister, brother-in-law, and my darling nephew!
Of course, dinner was delicious with the first courses being hummus (great texture and flavor), tabuleh (fresh herbs, bright flavors, and a zesty diced tomatoes), and cucumber yogurt (finely diced cucumbers with creamy texture) Overall, I'd give the appetizers a solid 3.5   For  my main course, both my nephew and I ordered the lamb chops.
Our entree came with a side of Greek salad (the salad was a bit wilted and the dressing was bland), Roasted tomato and jalapeno (perfectly charred), rice (a bit soggy), and lamb chops (my medium rare order was actually served medium well, and my nephew's well done order was so over cooked that  even one of the bones split in half when he picked the lamb chop up).
However, even though they were over cooked, they still tasted good with only a mild gamey flavor.
Overall, I'd give the main entree a 3.0  The service however was excellent.
Our server was attentive and persistent.
He had a cheery demeanor, happily provided us with our special requests (extra lemons ~ great drizzled over the lamb chops, and tabasco sauce for my brother in law's lula kabob.
) Overall, I'd rate the service a solid 4.0  Lastly, the ambiance was very nice.
They had a birthday party celebration and the restaurant was fully booked which my have accounted for the food being over cooked as in previous dining experiences, according to my sister, the food was much better prepared.
Tips: They accept Restaurant.com gift cards, bring a little extra soy sauce to complement the rice (my nephew's advice), and request for the salad dressing to be served on the side.
Also, they have live entertainment on Saturdays which would make for a great date night!
Price:  Appetizers $4.95 Entrees: $7.95 - $14.95 Beverages: $1.50 - $3.00 Wine & Spirits are also served  Food Paparazzi's Overall Score: 3.5  Would I come back?
Yes (Great value and good times!
)  FP Signing out!
Chow Baby!

I usually error on the side of less stars but for Shish Kabob House i'm erroring on the side of more stars.
This food is great.
Every time i've eaten here my meal is excellent.
The hummas and pita are great.
The meats are spectacular and the rice is also wonderful.
Ok, here are the negatives:  1.
Service can be god aweful slow.
When they have private parties or big catering jobs they don't open the restaurant.
No liquor licence.
Other than that, I love this place.

I went to lunch with the folks and was pleasantly surprised.
This is not your average shish kabob place.
I have never eaten anything so good.
It was wonderful.
Great food , great service, convenient location to everything in Las Vegas ...
I will definitely mark this as one of my favorite places to eat!

This is one of the best middle eastern places in town, easily.
All the small dishes like the hummus and salads are fresh and flavorful.
The entrees are also great.
You end up, every time, with more food than you know what to do with.
For two people, I'd recommend getting one entree, hummus, and the Armenian salads.
Entrees are usually composed of plenty of meat, a salad, a ton of rice or fries, and a roasted tomato.
Oh yeah, and a pita bread.
It's a lot for $8-9.
The downsides: you don't have a lot of choices in terms of what to order.
Also, the service is slow and inconsistent.
The place is a bit invisible if you've never been to it before.
They've steadily upgraded the interior over time.
Really great place for take-out.
Definitely worth eating there if you're in the area.

I took the family over to have dinner after some good recommendations from friends.
It's now my top choice for Mediterranean food.
I ordered hummus and tabouli salad as appetizers.
Both were excellent.
For the main course, I ordered the salmon/shrimp plate, the combo plate with 3 or 4 different meats, and a gyro dish.
The dishes were all very good (except the lukewarm steak fries that came with the gyro) and the portions were huge.
Prices are very reasonable; in fact, I don't know how they can give you so much food for the $7 to $13 I paid for the dishes.
I would definitely go back whenever I am in the mood for some Mediterranean food.

Saw this place from the street and stopped in to give it a try.
I was totally surprised when I walked in.
The place is big, with modern decor.
There was a stage and microphone set up, so I guess they do live entertainment (I was there for lunch).
The food was amazing.
I had the chicken & beef kabob with hummus.
The portions are more than generous and the staff friendly.
I will definitely be back for more!

The food is flavorful and healthy.
My wife introduced me to the Shish Kabob House.
Some drug reps brought it to her work a few times.
She brought home some left overs.
We love ethnic food, but rarely eat Mediterranean style cuisine.
We started with an order of Humus $4.95.
I think that is too much for humus, but it is really good and there is a lot of it.
The humus comes in a large tub and they constantly refill the pita basket.
It is a lot of food.
You will be tempted to fill up on it while waiting for your entree.
The food takes a really long time to come out.
They are so slow.
While waiting we admired the dining area.
Seems to be well decorated.
Not many guests, but lots of family hanging around.
Turns out the place is Armenian, not Greek.
I know nothing of Armenian cuisine, but seems the same to me.
The food finally arrived and the portions were big.
Everything seemed super fresh.
The meat and grilled veggies were hot, juicy, and flavorful.
I love this food.
Plus, grilled items are healthier.
The meat was so juicy, not dried out.
The jalapeno pepper was hot.
I like slicing the tomato on the bed of rice.
The juices run and the rice soaks up the flavor.
I ordered the #19 Combo Kabob $14.95, which came with one pork chop, four pieces of beef kabob, and four pieces of chicken kabob.
Although it was good, I liked the pork chop the least.
My wife ordered the #5 Beef Lula Kabob $8.95.
It is like an uncased sausage grilled on a stick.
The seasoning was wonderful.
I think all entrees come with a Mediterranean salad, pita, grilled tomato, grilled jalapeno pepper, and white rice.
We could not finish the food and had to get a to-go-box.
I could not leave without a piece of baklava.
It taste good, but one little piece cost $2.95.
I think that cost too much for such a small piece.
I really, really like this place and recommend it highly, but beware, they are so slow and some of the pricing is a bit high.
(Entrees are priced fairly, but appetizer and dessert are a little high.
)  Also, we went back twice since then and every time the food was so, so slow.
Don't try to squeeze this place in for a work lunch.

Really nice place, staff ( all waitresses ) very pleasant and efficient.
Sad to say that out of such a large menu only ONE dish was Halal!
So my wife and I settled for lamb chops.
AWESOME

After being in Vegas for a week now, and will be here for another week, I was craving for some good Armenian food and found this place on Yelp.
Coming from L.a, and being Armenian, my standards are pretty high when it comes to our food.
Glad to say, this place did not disappoint.
Food was delicious(had beef and chicken kabob).
Plate came with rice and salad.
They have a really nice alcohol menu, the place was nice and clean and the service was on par.
Definitely will be going back to pig out again!

They have the worst service!
When you order your food, you better be prepared to wait forever!
I ordered two dinners and it took them 45 mins to get my food to the table.
Then I complained to the manager and he said they are busy but didn't make me feel better.
I have eaten here many times but I don't see my self coming back due to the lack of service and the chef takes too long to cook.
The food taste good but not worth the wait.

Being a very  picky person on food this place is dazzling, the greatest kabobs ever.
The staff is very quick and professional.
Plate came with good portions.
They have a good alcohol menu.
I liked the enviroment with live music, very cozy.
Would definetly come back.

My first thought as I walked into Shish Kabob House was "What a weird setup.
" The room is very large and open with a small stage and TV on one end and there are plenty of tables - it kinda reminded me of a cafeteria with tablecloths and cigarette-singed seats.
The food on the other hand, is frickin' delicious.
Comparably good as some pricier mediterranean joints.
Must try their grilled meats like chicken and steak kabobs.
But what keeps me coming back?
Their lamb chops.
Perfectly chargrilled, flavorful, not at all gamey and super cheap.
For around $15,  around 4-5 chops with a generous helping of salad and rice is an awesome deal.

almost every week i have to be in shish kebob house they are really professional taste of the foods and environment is very friendly and you may find any food from middle east my favorite food is number 6 I like lamb chops also.
servers are very neat and nice shoghik  and a latina girl they normally helping me which they are really nice to costumers actually all of them, they are really professorial, and food is the best I seriously recommend this restaurant to who ever wants to eat Mediterranean  food .
this is the best of Mediterranean restaurant at this time in las vegas.

Three years of living in Vegas and passing by this place atleast a dozen times, thinking I've got to try this, well, today was the day.
Assuming it is a "Middle Eastern" restaurant, the waitress proudly mentioned it is actually an  Armenian Restaurant, but most of the dishes are interpretations of popular  "Mediterranean dishes".
I stand corrected, seriously, I appreciate the correction.
Let's start from the beginning.
Waited to be seated about 2 minutes, but was graciously welcomed once acknowledged.
While waiting, I notice the decor was tasteful, simple, yet warm and the lighting soft, which distracted for the asbestos drop ceiling.
We were then seated and no one came back for atleast 10 minutes.
I really wished someone would have dropped off atleast water and asked if we had any questions, but when the waitress came, her full attention was on us.
At first, I wish the menus were a bit more sophisticated than a two-sided laminated 8 x 11 page with low resolution pictures and prices...even the wine menu looked like more effort was spent on it, thought it was also a laminated page, just better paper.
However, given the price point of the food (bargain!
), pleasant setting, and nice service when attention is on you, who really cares?
We ordered our alcoholic drinks and our main entrees.
The wine list has ordinary wines (Yellowtail, Columbia Two-Vines), but all so had a few wines from their homeland.
However, regrettable I ordered a Two-Vines Merlot instead of trying Areni (Sp?
), a dry red wine from either Armenia or neighboring Georgia.
My husband initially ordered a beer listed on their menu, but no longer have, the waitress sweetly and proudly convinced my husband to try one of their Armenian beers, which he was pleasantly surprised at the quality and taste.
Wines are pleasant prices around $5 bucks, beers are even a bit less.
It took about 5 more minutes to receive our drinks and wine, and about 20 minutes to receive our food.
I took this as a good sign that the food was cooked to order, when ordered.
I had the lamb chops.
The waitress happily obliged my request to substitute additional salad for rice or fries.
My husband ordered the Beef Lulu and beef kebab.
The food: Beyond expectations, it came out hot, freshly made/prepared as requested, and very, very tasty, especially given the price point.
Honestly, I have been at restaurants that have lamb chops on the menu which are half the portion at twice the price, and nothing was prepared as well as Shish Kebab House....even my husband devoured my other two chops as he constantly expressed that they didn't taste "gamey".
Thanks hun, for finishing off my lunch tomorrow.
(LOL)  I love the waitress' confidence and pride in the food she served.
She chuckled as she confirmed we were pleased with our dishes, since there was nothing left on our plates.
What she doesn't even know is that we weren't even "hungry" yet we "managed" to finish our food.
While service is a bit slow for my liking, the waitress was polite and there is no denying this is good food for a good value.
You will not be disappointed and you will be a fan too!
I cannot wait to come back!

Love the kabob combo plate with pork.

Not sure why this place only has a 3.5 rating, everything I've tried here is amazing.
From the hummus to the rice, everything is delicious.
I especially enjoy the chicken, beef, and pork chops.
The rice is creamy with butter and melts in your mouth.
This is definitely a great place for a healthy eating lifestyle.

The hummus was quite good but the service and entre were horrible.
The food was all over cooked and when I requested to have a replacement they said that the kitchen is closing soon and I should just deal with it.
I complained to the manager and he was so rude and actually told me that he didnt care if I ever came back.
Dont bother not worth the trip.

Yummy kabobs!

Lamb chops were delicious but the side  dishes were not so great.
Rice had no flavor and salad was store-bought.
Atmosphere inside the restaurant is lovely.

I saw a friend check in here and decided that I had to try this place as I am a big fan of kabobs.
I stopped by to order some food to-go and was pleasantly surprised with a very nicely decorated restaurant.
I was greeted once I walked in and ordered a beef lula and beef kabob combination plates with rice/salad and a hummus appetizer.
They have a wide variety of other combination plates that you can order at very reasonable prices.
The hummus appetizer was a good size for the price as well and I would like to go back and try the eggplant caviar and some of the other meat combinations.
While I was waiting for my food, they did have a performer as well that was playing the keyboard and singing.
Will definitely go back again to get food to go and will probably end up eating in sometime too.

We are fans of shishkabobs and have gone to several restaurants around Vegas for them.
Hedarys has been our favorite for a long time.
A friend recommended this restaurant and we drove 45 min to try their foods.
We were not disappointed.
In fact we were delighted to have found this restaurant.
The foods were top notch and the service was good.
The place was clean and spacious and not pretentious.
We tried their beef, chicken and lamb Kabobs as well as their lamb chops.
The meat was well marinated and cooked just right, tender, tasty, well presented in good amounts.
The Armenian salad was great with excellent spices and was very fresh.
The bread was fresh and warm.
The only item that could be improved is the white rice without any seasoning, which could have been on purpose because of the seasoning  of the meats.
We will be back.
It ranks right up there with Hedarys in our book.

Tasty middle eastern food...service was great too.

TL;DR - This review is based on obtaining Take-Out.
Waited twice as long as estimated time, price of food was 3 dollars higher than told over the phone.
Service was unexpected and saddening.
I logged back onto yelp after two years just to write a review for Shish Kabob House.
Before I continue any further I would like to say that the food is definitely fine, however; much is to be desired in my opinion with the service.
Order: Chicken Lula with Beef Kabob.
Ordered at 11:59 am, I was told over the phone that this specific combination is not available on the menu.
The order taker re-assured me that it's fine, she will put it in and that my total will come out to be 9.95 since it comes as a "special order".
I am fine with this, any other order that relates to this one is around 9.95 and 8.95.
This is completely reasonable.
The order will be ready in ABOUT 15 minutes.
I arrive at the restaurant at 12:04, much earlier than anticipated.
One waitress (out of three) notices me after sitting for about 5 minutes and proceeds to ask me if I have been seated.
I inform her that I ordered over the phone and that I am aware it should not be ready.
She is friendly and acknowledges my comment and continues to do her job.
The next time I check my phone is 12:22.
I look around and see there are a maximum of six tables occupied in the restaurant.
I sit for another three minutes, and that is when the same waitress is kind enough to check on my order for me.
12:27, a gentleman walks in and is immediately seated, and his food arrives a minute after himself.
I can only assume this gentleman had also ordered his food over the phone.
By this time I realize EVERYONE has their food.
At least two tables excluding the lone gentleman came after me.
At 12:29:50 (which is what the receipt says) I am handed my check by the same waitress and am told that my total will be $12.92.
Absent-minded I hand my card over, but I catch myself as she is ringing me up.
----------What occurs next is what I am most discontent over---------  Up until this point I have waited patiently for 30 minutes on an order that was supposed to take 15 minutes.
During those 30 minutes I watched as everyone got their food, people before I came in and after I came in.
I stopped the waitress and explained that perhaps the price is wrong, and that I was told over the phone it was going to be $9.95.
Immediately I got a tone and haste that I only know too well myself having worked over two years in the service in industry; "I work here and I know I am right, let me not only prove it, but also now try to rush our interaction so I can continue my job.
"  I was not questioning her knowledge of the service at the store, and up until this point she was extremely friendly and attentive.
She proceeded to show me the menu and the $11.95 priced Beef Kabob and explain her reasoning, to which she stated three times in rapid succession the reason why it's $12.92 is because "it is an inconvenience for the chefs".
However; EVERY combos item (beef lula/chicken kabob, etc) is in the 8.95-9.95 range.
So how is it I am being charged three dollars MORE for a beef kabob/chicken lula combo if there are combos with a beef kabob only priced at 9.95?
I informed her again that I was told a lower price over the phone, and she curtly "apologized" for whoever took my order.
I was handed the card receipt and left at the counter, to which I signed and left the establishment with no acknowledgement or thank you.
I don't mind paying for food.
I don't mind if I end up having to pay extra for someone else's mistake.
I don't mind waiting longer.
I don't mind watching everyone get their food before me even though they arrive later than myself.
What I DO mind is being given horrible attitude for a mistake that was NOT made by myself.
Of course I don't want to pay extra for something that was originally going to be another price, and there should be an air of courtesy tied to that.
Our time could has easily been resolved is I was told, " I'm very sorry about that, our waitress made a mistake.
I realize also that your order took much longer than expected, allow me to charge you the price that was discussed over the phone.
However; for next time this same combination will cost you $12.92.
"  What I wrote above is acceptable service.
That is courteous service.
That is service that will make me return again and again.
I would return JUST for the same combination at $12.92 if that was the conversation we had.
But that is not the case.
Instead I was treated as if "these mistakes happen often and that I need to suck it up and pay and leave.
"  If we weren't jostling over three dollars, they would have made way more in my return.
Although the food was fine, the experience left a very sour taste in my mouth.
I don't believe I will be headed back anytime soon.

I tried this place again 4 times in a row for delivery on my trip to Vegas and the food is even better than before.Their portions are huge and it delivers huge flavor.I started eating sea food recently and their salmon kabob is amazing.It so simple with just salt and pepper but the fish is fresh and tastes amazing I dont know how they cook their rice but its probably a secret technique and you could just eat the rice as is.
Kraffi was very helpful on the phone and their delivery takes time, so plan accordingly Must trys:- Toubouleh, Armenian Salad Dolmas Salmon Kabobs Beef Lula Kabobs(friends recommendations) Great job Shish Kabob House..you guys rock

It's unfortunate for you that serving good food I am forced to give you an OK.
The customer service is HORRIBLE.
I have decided to just order food for pick up and even doing it like this, I have to have an unpleasant experience.
They either mistake my order, or charge me different every time, or take forever bringing stuff to the table, or something....
I am not too sure if it is the culture difference or what it is, but the waitresses here are VERY RUDE.
The food is really good and I have to say it is probably one of the best Salmon kabobs ever and they have the best rice!
Their hummus is also very very good.
Even though I don't like their service, I order from here at least once a week because it is awesome food and it reminds me kinda what I ate back home in Colombia.
If you want to eat here, my advise is call to get delivery or just pick it up.
Deliveries take at least an hour!

Ugh!
This place used to rock.
The Armenian salad was super salty, the steak in the #7 tastes like it had been marinated in soy sauce and was not very tender.
The chicken had a rubbery quality to it.
I really root for small business, especially when they put out an awesome product.
Even with the restaurant.com GC, it wasn't worth it.
Zaytoon puts out a much better product.
I'll probably come back here, but probably not until 2014.

There was a large sign on the front door indicating the main dining room was closed for a private function and directing us to a second room a few doors down that looked like it was primarily used for small parties.
The room was pretty full for a Tuesday night with a steady stream of diners arriving throughout our stay, but service was better than expected.
We each ordered a combo kabob plate that included chicken, beef and lula kabobs plus 2 lamb chops.
Also included were pita bread, salad and rice.
All the meat was cooked more thoroughly than we prefer, but the seasoning was delicious and each morsel was tender.
The singular disappointment was the industrial pita bread that was dry and flavorless.

The food was delicious and the service was great!
Our waitress was friendly, sweet and attentive.
I couldn't ask for anything more.

Very nice and clean place..
The food was the best..

I been to this place several times.
I loved food and service so much every time I go, and time to give them five stars and write a review!
My friend and I order combination kabab,eqggplant caviar and hummus.
Combination kabab is one that i usually get and it is with beef,pork,lamb and some kind of sausage looking meat loaf.
Meats were cook perfectly and seasoned  just right!
eggplant caviar and hummus came with flat bread.
They are only about 5 dollar but it was big portion compare to price.
Oh!
I tried a yogurt drink which had very healthy taste(no sugar or flavor) but I liked it!

The food was ok but the reason this place received one star was because the customer service was by far the worst ever.
I get there it took literally 30 plus minutes to get pita n hummus and a drink.
There were maybe 3/4 other tables that's it.
Took almost another 45 to get our food.
The waiter wasn't attentive at all I had to wave him down every time.
Horrible

This is my absolute favorite for Greek salad & shish kabob!
When I want Mediterranean this is my go to place.
I have used them for a business luncheon in the private room and the presentation was awesome and the service excellent.
My group loved it and the feedback on the venue was very positive.

Great food, decently priced, and generous portions.
However, I do not recommend ordering for pickup or delivery.
My wife and I have ordered here religiously, (because we love the food) but the experience has been less than favorable.
Delivery takes over an hour, which would be fine if the order was delivered as ordered.
It seems every other order has been incorrect or cold.
The last order we placed came 72 minutes after being placed, was cold and they had forgotten our beverages.
I called to inquire and check on the possibility of the beverages being delivered, and the response I had gotten was that they wouldn't be delivered.
My money would not be refunded.
They offered to give me free beverages on my next delivery, but I'll never order again.
There have been too many mistakes and inconsistencies with delivery, so I'd only recommend this location for a dine in experience.

My favorite place for kabobs in Las Vegas.
This is my 4th visit and the food, service and the prices are great.

Patience is a virtue.
Good things come to those who wait.
Get my drift.
Expect a bit of a wait for the food to arrive here even if you just order the fresh hummus which I do.
Everything is made to order.
So, the food tastes hot and fresh always.

This restaurant is as good as it gets!!!
Great service, amazing food and the best beer in town!
Price is right too!
The grilled meats are amazing.... We shared chicken, beef and pork chops....
Superb!!!
The tabeleh is a great starter!
I recommend to anyone!!

This place USED to be my go to for beef kabobs.
I didn't mind the wait since I know I'd be getting fresh and quality food.
But not anymore.
During our last two visits, their beef kabobs is not as fresh as it used to.
Meat has a distinct off taste to it, texture wasn't right.
Their rice is not the same either.
Chicken is decent.

This place is damned tasty.
The meat is tender, well marinated, and very reasonably priced.
The rice it usually comes on is also delicious.
The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the menus look like those cheap fliers people leave on your car windows.

Solid four stars- killer for business lunch and get the lamb chops.
Great with family also, just solid Kabob fare.
Check them out during the weekend nights for so crazy Armenian music star to drop hey and do a set.
It's a good time even if you don't like the music.
I probably go at least once a month for a business lunch.
Not disappointed yet.
Page tan Armenian Salad with a kabob for lunch and always ask for the sumac condiment and some roasted jalapeños.

Salmon was delicious!
Taziki and hummus was killer.. Chicken was a little dry.
Service was impeccable!
Will be back / still looking for spicy feta and more pita sandwich selection

Great food but only gets 3 stars from me because of their lousy service.
And they keep raising their prices!
The place is very busy most of the time, so the wait for the table or the food is very long.
Order before you get there.

I living in Vegas for 3 years I tried a lot of Mediterranean restaurant.
I are here after a friend recommend it and I'm just amazed big dishes big smilies.. And the food just amazing better then any other place...
Highly recommended..!

I was here with a big GROUP and i do not know how People give this place more than 2 stars!
The meat was overcooked, service slow and the place very rundown.
Usually the reviews are spot on but this place was a complete miss!

I wanted to go to a casual Mediterranean eatery so I was a little set back when I saw how nicely it was decorated.
I didn't want to pay top dollar for food that I know I could get at Yassou's for a decent price.
My worries were put to rest when I saw the menu  because it looked really casual.
It looked like a fast food menu with prices to match!
I ordered a mix of beef and chicken with rice.
When I first saw the rice wasn't yellow I wasn't sure what to think.
(I was brought up on yellow Mediterranean rice with plenty of turmeric) The rice was delicious and the meat was tender.
I thought.
I would like the beef better but they were both equally yummy!
The salad that came with the meal was fresh and crisp.
The Shish Kabob House is a great place to sit down to great meal and it is affordable too!

Appearance can be very, very deceiving.
From a little Mediterranean joint, this place came a long way.
Very fancy decor and I believe they have live music instruments as well.
I went there after seeing it a while back expecting the same corner food joint, instead we found a chic restaurant that looks like something you'd see on food network with the lack of a proper host and cloth napkin.
The food sucks and let me point out why.
With appetizer (Domas), we were given the store bought and cold PITA bread (Notice the caps) with nothing to dip it with and with no butter.
Rice with the order of # 7 were the type of rice they serve with Enchiladas.
Chicken Kabobs were dry and the beef kabobs were unevenly cook.
Some were well done while other were mid-well.
Did I mention the paper menu which resembles the pizza menu you get on your door locks.
Salad was just ok.  Service was somewhat impressive.
Our server was very polite and gave a very professional impression.
Halfway between ordering and getting our food, the music stops causing an uncomfortable amount of silence.
5 mins later, it resumed again.
I couldn't actually tell where the music was from, didn't sound like Arabic or Persian.
Could be Pashto.
In short, if you go for the food, don't expect anything close to Fresh Kabob on Sunset/Eastern where they serves fresh bread and Basmati rice.
Pay $14 for plate with 6 pieces of Kabob look-alike Meat, rice you'd find in a Mexican taco shop with store bought pita bread but decor like a fancy restaurant at the strip.
This is a classic example of when neighborhood food joints try to become a fancy restaurant and forget what got them a 3 thousand square-feet restaurant, THE FOOD.

I freakin' love this place!
You must try it!
I always get the chicken kabob with rice.
Their food is amazing, and their prices are nice!
lol

This is the 2nd time we visited Shish Kabob House.
The first time, the service was really slow.
We thought it might be different, so we came back a second time and the service was worse.
We had reservations at 6:30pm and we were seated right away, but we sat there for 20 minutes before anyone came to our table to take our order.
We finally ordered 3 hummus & pita, 2 Greek salads, and two Kabob Platters (beef kabob, chicken kabob, chicken lula kabob, beef lula kabob, rice , French fries.
) They ran out of pork kabob.
We finally got our water, hummus and pitas, and the Greek Salads, but we couldn't eat our salad because we didn't have any plates or utensils.
We had to wait another 10 minutes to get our plates and utensils.
The food is pretty good, but I don't recommend going to this restaurant if you value good customer service.
Unfortunately, we don't plan on coming back.

I don't really consider myself a regular at any Vegas restaurant but Shish Kabob House (SKH from here on out) would come closest to that for me.
I probably eat here at least 6 times a year.
I only get takeout and have never dined here.
It is downright AMAZING that not only have they stayed in business this long but thrived.
When so many restaurants have come and gone since they opened, SKH has been consistently great for 5+ years and there really aren't any other businesses nearby that contribute to their success.
People come to this rinky dink plaza for their delicious food.
That's it.
I love their huge combo platter that's around $15.
You get salad, rice or fries, and just a mountain of meats.
Even though Armenia and Brazil are miles away from each other, I deem this platter (explosion!
) THE POOR MAN'S FOGO DE CHAO ow ow ow ow!
You get lamb, steak, chicken and lula all in one box.
Sure it's not AYCE but congratulations to you if you can finish this whole thing in one sitting.
My wife and I split this.
It's also $30 cheaper than Fogo so double boom.
****Review #100 for 2013!!

This place was gross.
What is up with the gnarly middle eastern restaurants here in Vegas???
First of all who fries their meat skewers?
Gross!!!
And cold pita bread?
I wouldnt recommend this place unless you want bland fried food!

Great food.
You must try the salmon.
The service is ok.
It takes forever and the people working here never seem to be around.
They weren't rude or inappropriate, just careless and nonchalant.
I love the feel of the restaurant, not even close to what I expected.
Much more upscale than you would imagine.
Overall I am very pleased and when I have nothing to do but have a great meal I will certainly be back.

Walking up to the restaurant it was hard for me to figure out how to get inside.
The first door I tried was locked and so was the second door I tried.
I guess it was third time's a charm.
I almost gave up thinking they were closed for a private party, but I persevered.
The restaurant is much larger than I was expecting.
Very nice as well.
They have a little stage near the entrance that, so I look forward to checking this place out on the weekends.
Their menu is very well-priced.
I was impressed with how inexpensive everything is.
I ordered a gyro plate and combination kabob platter to-go.
The wait was a little long and as I sat there I noticed a few patrons having to flag down the waitress to order, ask for menus, refills and drinks.
The servers were all really nice and kept checking on me while I waited.
After about 30-40 minutes, my food was ready, I paid my check and was on my way.
When I arrived home, I was surprised to find the huge portions of the food.
For about $23 and change I ended up with food enough for three people.
The gyro was just ok, but our favorite was the kabob platter.
It comes with your choice of 2 pork or lamb chops, some chicken and beef kabobs.
It also comes with steak fries, a large side salad and some rice.
So much food and so affordable.
The meat was great, perfectly cooked, moist and very flavorful.
I can't believe I have been passing this place for so many years without giving them a try.
I will be back... and often.

This restaurant has been a family favorite for 5 years now.
I first celebrated my sons 1st birthday there.
My guests from California were impressed with the food and the service.
Over the years we have turned to Shish Kabob House for so many different occasions and have always been SATISFIED!
Most recently my second child's birthday was a hit thanks to the owner and the amazing staff!!!
I had them cater the food and provide all the rentals to accommodate my family event!
I am left speechless!!
Perfect, is the only word that comes to mind when I think of this place!!
Highly recommend!

This place is the most delicious food I've ever tasded.
Every time I'm in vegas I'll pay a visit.
Especially lamb barbecue.
This place is great!
I love the service, everyone should understand why the food is delicious?
It's because they cook individually.
Everything is fresh and delicious.
Prices are great.
I will highly recomend everyone.
Go and you won't regret.

Food was awesome!
Chicken kabob was seasoned to perfection and the hummas was delicious.
Will definitely come back soon.

I was coming to this place often but today it was horrible, we waited awhile to be seated and we got seated it took them awhile to ask our orders, the service was bad, our waitress Rosie has no manners at all, she brought our food laughing with another waitress, and then later on she came back to our table to ask if we need something before I could answer that I need a drink refill she left and started talking to another customer.
I don't know is she is new to waiting customers but she definitely needs to improve herself.

food was just ok nothing great, have had better lamb chops, liked dessert better than the entree

Great food, great service, a good place for a party.
The gyros are really delicious.
The beef Lula is the best in town.
The lamb chops are my wife's and my mom's favorite.
We never had a bad meal here.
I highly recommend this restaurant.
Even though I only have four check in's we must have been here at least twenty times.

Food was good.
Service was shit.
Waited about 20 minutes for half of the drinks we ordered, another 15 minutes for a water and iced tea.
On top of that another 40 minutes for our food.
Our server kept avoiding us and rolled her eyes countless times.
First and last time here.

I love middle eastern food!
Love their chicken breast kabob, tabbouleh and hummus!
Definitely worth the visit!
Huge servings!
I would have given this a 4 star rating but the service is very slow.

This place is very good for the price.
I always get the beef lula and I only had a bad one only once.
I've been there 4 times now and the last time I went the lula and everything just didn't taste the same as the other times I went there.

Was looking for Turkish food with my father, place I found was closed on a Saturday, who the hell is closed on a Saturday?
He remembered seeing a place when he and my mother drive around.
We found the place, very attractive waitresses, thoroughly impressed with the scenery.
Though it did have a Russian mob feel to the place, like there were mafioso types in the back room plotting how to capture more women for the sex space business.
Either than the nagging feeling that these incredibly hot looking servers were being held against their will by the Russian mafia.
The food was incredibly good.
I would definitely go back in like 2 months to see if the wait staff has had a 100% turnover.
Makes you kind of think... Hmmm...

Fair prices, food is ok for the price listed.
Not giving a five star, as the last 2 times I have been there the chicken was uncooked.
Overall they have the best spas soup in town.

Food is excellent, great prices, nice comfortable place, highly recommend it.
Lots of parking, live music on the weekends.
I got the combo dish you can't go wrong delicious and filling...

Waking in and the recent news purporting the death of the lounge singer is put to rest.
Will get his name next time.
And, let me assure you, there will be a next time!
First of all, pomegranate wine.
A tad on the sweet side but worth buying a bottle.
Where to go from there?
Dinner salad was a dinner salad.
Nuff said about that.
Lamb Kabob was great (thanks darling for sharing!).
I got the Beef and Chicken Lula.
Chicken was moist and delish.
Beef was the same.
I do think that I should have followed out hosts lead and got the combo platter.
More variety.
Lamb chops looked divine.
If it had been the wife with the combo plate, I would have sampled.
But... manners do have their place.
Way too much food to contemplate dessert so will plan accordingly next time.

Love the food!
Best meat kabobs I've had.the rice is to die for !
The hummus is yum!
So well worth it ..,but the service could be a little better, maybe faster ?...
Usually order and take it home because my kids get restless waiting for a long time.

I love this place!
Very fancy setting inside with live music in the evenings.
Very surprising their menu is the same all day and the prices are very reasonable prices.
I found this place originally on Restaurant.com.
They have a $10 certificate for only about $4.
Pretty good reason to give them a try, you won't regret it.

I have eaten at this place before and enjoyed it.
I was close by so I figured I was gonna get something to go.
I've sat in front for a good 10 min.
The sign says please wait to be seated.
A couple patrons arrived and waited for a couple minutes and decided to sit themselves.
I have made eye contact with a couple waiters and they did not even make any effort to acknowledge my presence!
There are several tables of customers but it didn't look hectic at all.
I'm sure I can find a better Meditteranian restaurant and be treated better than this.
I  never going back to this establishment.

Decided to stop by Saturday afternoon for a quick lunch.
We walked in, and were welcomed and asked to sit anywhere we'd like.
Sat down, and waited...and waited...and waited...  Ok, it really wasn't THAT long of a wait, maybe 5 minutes or so, but...the restaurant wasn't busy, and there was a server just standing up at the front of the restaurant doing nothing.
Our server finally came over and gave us menus, and took our water order.
We asked the server for a recommendation on the appetizer, and she recommended the smoked salmon.
(After a brief misunderstanding about which two we were deciding on).
When the salmon came out...it was glistening.
They had absolutely DRENCHED it in olive oil!
Why?
Smoked salmon doesn't need anything on it, its delicious on its own...my bf  and I tried one small piece each, and sent it back.
They sent another one that had far less oil, and tasted much better.
The hummus was ok.
I've had better store bought hummus, but I've also had WAY worse.
There was a lot of oil pooling on the outside of the hummus dish here as well, but that doesn't really bother me too much...I've seen and had worse.
I'd have liked to have had just a hint more garlic in this batch of hummus, but it was good enough that my fella ate it, and he's not the biggest fan of hummus.
I ordered the grape leaves, which were very good.
Although...I asked if they were vegetarian (not that I care, I was just curious, because I've had them both ways) and the server's response was:  "Oh, yes, vegetarian.
You know, just rice and meat.
"  Um...what?
Is there meat or isn't there?
The redeeming quality, and what is keeping this a 3 star review instead of 2 stars, is the kababs.
The beef and the chicken kebabs were both tender, juicy, and very flavorful.
The rice it was served on was overcooked slightly, and the salad that they served with it (once again) had a touch too much oil, but the flavor of the meat was wonderful.
I'd like to try this place again, perhaps it was an off day?
They deliver, and are right around the corner from where I live, so I will definitely go back, or order in.

I order take out for business lunches here at least once a week through Restaurants On The Run (best service ever by the way), and this restaurant is consistently amazing quality for a fabulous price.
Their catering menu is fantastic food at a super low per-person price.
Beef is amazing.
Hummus is my fave!
Love this place!

The place was so packed, must be so popular.
Our server Sophie is the nicest lady around, very attentive and accommodating.
I would probably only trek here due to her personalized service.
After a day at the pool on a toasty summer day, Mediterranean is the remedy.
My gal and I started with the grape leaves, flavorful & yummy!!!!
To pair with our bread we ordered the cucumber yoghurt, it's as if they diced the dill and added it there in front of us.
Finally for the perfect summer cool, Greek salad with chicken kebab or salmon.
The portion was huge and prices were reasonable.
The only thing they could've improved on is that my chick kebab was a little dry and burnt....uh oh.
Nonetheless, overall it was an experience worth having.
We sat outside in these small cafe side tables, so quaint.
Don't forget to try the lemonade with some fresh mint to cool you off!

We ordered from here yesterday, and it took about an hour for them to deliver to us.
Overall I had a satisfying experience with this restaurant.
Had the Chicken Finger, and cheeseburger surprisingly was very good and tasteful.

Fresh,savory,& tasty food...great customer services all staff very friendly.highly recommended!
Hummus is great... #7

Yum hmm Yum tastes like the homeland.
Authentic but modern with a relaxing ambiance.
Great prices, high quality and good service.
Thanks lunch specials are awesome.
Musicians at night for a great eat and relaxation.

Horrible service!
This place is stuffy and makes me very claustrophobic.
Felt uncomfortable and was continuously eyeballed by two females with a unibrow.
Not my cup of tea.

Good food but really slow service.. Only 2 server at 6 pm..
It takes 20 min to get only water.. People waiting at the door and no one doesn't care them..

Yes, I am now a Fan of this Shish Kabob House!
I recently asked a Russian M.D.
for his recommendation for a local restaurant from his ethnic group.
He suggested this place, and my wife and me were not disapointed whatsoever.
Next time I plan to try the "Borsch" (Russian soup) and Quail.
This past weekend I enjoyed the chicken Tabaka, grape leaves, and Lentil soup....all very well prepared and delicious.

I love the combination plate, the salads and grill salmon.
Small friendly place good service too.

Amazing food!
I was invited by a business friend who love this place and I am honesty going to say I will love this place too Lol.
I like the interior as to me it's reminiscent of places I've been to in China, simple, open and clean.
I like their design on the walls and open space provided a nice atmosphere.
The servers were really courteous and my cup if water never emptied out.
I couldn't drink half the cup of water without having someone refill it.
I love that kind of service and great service goes a long way with me.
The shrimp and salmon was great and their vegetables soup was a perfect appetizer.
I recommend everyone try this place at least once.
You might like it and you may not but I had a great time here with friends.
It is on flamingo off Rainbow going east.

Affordable, authentic Armenian  food with generous portions.
Lulu Kabob is delicious!
Wish they would include saffron in the rice....will request it next time.

Very excited to review this place.
The food was excellent, the service was pretty good (just slow on the drink refills, everything else was good), the atmosphere was nice.
Live music and cozy ambiance.
The salad was excellent, and so was the lamb kabob plate.
Prices were great.
Portions were HUGE!
Overall when I'm in Vegas craving middle eastern cuisine I will be back.

We were visiting Las Vegas and decided to try this place out as we were craving kabobs and we are very glad we found this place.
When we arrived, they were very busy and there were a lot of Armenian people sitting and eating at the restaurant.
It is always a good sign that the food is going to be great when you see people of the same culture/ethnicity eating at a restaurant.
My wife ordered the lamb gyro and I went for the chicken & beef kabob platter.
It took about 30 minutes for the food to be prepared; but, given the plates we saw going to other tables, we were willing to wait.
When our food arrived, it was a lot of food; huge portions.
The chicken and lamb kabob was expertly seasoned and cooked.
My wife loved her gyro.
The rice and salad that comes with the entrees was a perfect complement the entree.
I wish we lived in Las Vegas so we could frequent this place often;but, the best I can do is to encourage and recommend it highly to others.
Oh, and the prices are really good.
The gyros platter was $8.95 and the beef & lamb kabob platter was $10.95.

