Had a great experience at the KB Home studio.
Went on a weekend and everyone seemed very helpful.
Yes, I understand I was buying a home at the time so they were getting money from me for this, but it still felt very genuine.
They walked me through the process of selecting my options and made me feel comfortable throughout the entire process.

As a first-time homebuyer, the process from start to finish was exciting and stressful all at the same time, with the majority of the stress taking place at the KB Home Design Studio, which this review is for ONLY.
The sales process was a breeze because my salesperson Gena went every step of the way with me, even continuing to answer home-related questions after I'd closed escrow.
Prior to doing so though, I had to make a stop at the design center to select all of my interior options, and that's where the nightmare began.
First, the studio is closed on Thursdays and Fridays.
In a town where the bulk of jobs are hospitality- and tourism-based, this means a lot of people do not work bankers' hours, so I had to bend over backwards to switch my usual Thursday/Friday days off to find the time to come visit.
Considering KB has several neighborhoods for sale, it seemed impractical that these sales offices are open 7 days a week and the one design center that caters to all of them is closed 2 days of the week.
Knowing that I would need to get through the design process as close to one visit as possible, I visited the center before my appointment at Gena's suggestion to familiarize myself with the options and get prepared.
She told me an appointment to swing by was not necessary, so I dropped in one afternoon before they closed, making it clear that a) I did not have an appointment, nor b) I did not need assistance, I was merely browsing.
By the time I got to the flooring section, a gentleman volunteered to help me out with options.
Again, I pointed out to him that I did not have an appointment as I didn't want to hassle the staff, but he waved me off, saying I'd have to go through him in my official appointment anyway, so he might as well start explaining now - and for that he is the only reason I gave this place an additional star.
While speaking with him, I heard a woman in the back very rudely comment, "Does she even HAVE an appointment?
"   It was just my luck that a few days later this same woman, whose name was Natalie, turned out to be my design consultant.
In a process that was already overwhelming as is, she did not help at all, and in my follow up surveys with KB, she was the singular reason why I continued to give KB poor reviews.
She did not try to impart any professional wisdom on my interior-design-knowledge-less self at all during my 4 hour appointment with her, merely going through the motions of listing my available options as if reading it off the paper.
The nail on the coffin came at the end of my session with her when I asked for a list of all the options I had selected, which was just a few minutes before 6p when the studio closed.
Natalie gave me the most bullshit response I had ever heard, telling me that she was unable to do so because the report took a long time to generate, and if employees were in the building past 6p, they would "literally!
" be locked in.
In addition, I was told that if she generated a print out right now, my options would be ordered immediately.
WHAT!?
Not more than a few days later, guess what shows up in my inbox - a full PDF of all my selected options, with a message from Natalie asking to please confirm and kindly submit my deposit check to begin the ordering process.
Unbelievable.
I might not purchase another home with KB, but in the slim chance that I do, I absolutely will not work with Natalie again.
She was a true disappointment in this process.

I'm currently renting a home built by this contractor.
I'm looking to buy this year and I know for sure, I'll be staying away from KB Homes houses.
I've had nothing but problems with the house.
Their work is shotty at best.
Within 2 months of moving in, the garage door continually malfunctioned, the sink always leaked, soon after we discovered bugs.
By all appearances and walk throughs the house appeared to be in great shape all that changed the week we moved in.

