This place is more of a miss than a hit.
Once in a blue moon you get a decent haircut.
Most of the time, you get the beauty salon dropouts that barely passed the test.
If by chance you do get a stylist that knows what they are doing.
They suddenly stop working at this place.
Probably because they were able to get a real job at a reputable salon.
Unless you are getting a hair cut that a seven year old with cerebral palsy can perform.
My advice is to avoid this place like the swine flu .
You can pretty much use this review for all Great Clips locations.
As soon as you sit in that chair they will perform an O.J.Simpson special on your head.

Myself and my boy go here (I can't really afford salon prices...other things come first like food and school tuition).
They are pretty decent with my son (who is 3 years old and squirms like a worm in hot ashes) and they do just fine on me (I require just a trim of the ends for my hair is long and I like it to stay that way...nothing too difficult).
It isn't the Paul Mitchell salon but it works for the family on a budget.
If you are looking for a new and improved look that will make the opposite sex drool....go somewhere else.
If you just need a trim now and again and don't have the funds to get fancy...this is the place for you.

Sare cut my hair and she did an outstanding job!

Terri has been cutting my hair and my 2 boys for 8 years.
We don't go anywhere else.
She knows exactly how I like my hair and keeps my boys handsome

nice, quick, polite, affordable, good parking.

I used to come here for every haircut.
Service was friendly and quick.
Haircuts are ok...
Nothing special.
You get what you pay for.
Came in this time and I was told I was next.
I have watched 6 people go ahead of me now.
I keep asking for a time and each time told I'm next.
They seem confused on what next means.
I don't have too much freetime with work and school.
If it was going to be longer I needed to know that.
Not have them keep putting people ahead.
And them I asked they each just laughed and shrugged.
Go somewhere else for a cheap haircut.
Super cuts is just as cheap and better service.
Go there

Good no frills haircut that was $13 plus tip.
Probably not the best place if you are higher maintenance b/c I did not get a blow dry (which is completely fine, and I actually prefer).
If you are looking for a basic quick cut, this would be a good place to go.
I used the online check-in and when I arrived there were 2 other people waiting but I got to go first.
Planning on using them again for my next cut.

