Walking up to this place I wasn't sure what was going on here.
They have a large bar area with a place that has tables.
There is a dining room attached but I didn't see anyone in  there.
I didn't see any food being served either.
I would say this is a just a place to sit down and drink for cheap.
There is no atmosphere at all.
The service and people here were friendly enough.
I was there with a friend for Karaoke and there was a few people lounging around.
I was sitting in the lounge area and it seemed like I was hanging out in someone's garage or basement.
There were couches and regular house furniture.
It felt like an episode of Rosanne.

I have lived close to Pandora's for about 3 years, and have been there a lot.
Its a little casual laid back bar that has a good jukebox.
Once, one of the bartenders didn't love my music but oh well lol.
He is nice,though.
They have a lounge area, and karaoke sometimes but I have never attended that.
As the other reviewer also mentioned, there is a dining area that is attached.
I have never seen them serving food there,though and a Woman there said something like, it's few and far between as far as them serving food there.

It is a pretty standard Las Vegas bar.
However, the bartenders are just special.
There is a massively good looking guy named Dan that works there.
His cornflower, blue eyes are worth at least a star just for them.
Wow.
I hope I don't sound like a creeper....
But it is a excellent place to drink!

Pandora's Lounge is a run of the mill neighborhood bar.
Smoke filled and on the divey side, but not trying to be divey in a way that might attract hipsters or those searching for a bare-bones experience.
The drinks are slung here, there is a little gaming and an area with some dart boards and a jukebox.
The best things that Pandora's has going for it are karaoke and random events.
I think karaoke takes place on Sunday nights, but it would behoove you to call and find out the schedule.
It was happening one Sunday evening though when I was there and there was a regular crowd of karaoke singers...some were good, but it was more about having fun here.
Everyone was very supportive of singers, regardless of ability.
I was also there for a Philippines Relief event.
They did a solid job here, with some local chef's donating authentic Philippine dishes.
I would go back for another event, but probably not for any other reason.

