If you are looking for a new, clean facility with top notch artists... you will need to check this place out!
From the moment you walk in 'til the second you leave, you will be treated with great customer service.
First timers, this is a great place for you.
The energy in the place is amazing!

i love this place i really do.
i didnt get a tattoo, but i did get a monroe piercing.
i was really nervous, but their piercer is really nice.
and the only reason they're not getting 5 stars is because i had to wait an hour to get my piercing because they forgot about me.
and i wasnt really upset about it, they got real busy, like 10 guys came in 10 minutes after me.
but come on.
i was there first.
haha its cool though because they are all EXTREMELY nice and friendly.
i even went back because i thought my piercing was infected, but i was informed just im paranoid.
haha but yeah, definitely go here!
they do great quality work for a reasonable price  :D

I took my 52 year old mother here to get her first tattoo.
She had the honor of having Chip, the owner do her tattoo.
He was absolutely amazing with her.
He really put her at ease and designed a tattoo that was exactly what she wanted.
The shop was very clean and all of the employees were extremely friendly and helpful.
I will definitely keep this place in mind when it's time to get my next tattoo.

I didn't get a tat, but I did go for a piercing.
The piercing artist (Mike) is a really nice guy; he basically took away any nervousness I had, since I recently got my traegus pierced, and was very professional and sanitary about it.
I feel like the artists here are very approachable without the "bad-ass" attitude most artists at shops have, and are very informative about taking care of piercings and tattoos (they actually encourage questions and are friendly to those who have their first time experiences).
The place itself is actually pretty spacey for a shop, they have a lounge area with couches and a TV to watch movies while you pass the time.

My Tattoo is my focus point and they did a great job from the design to putting it on me and now i love it, i will be back.

Don't waste your time.......
Lack luster staff............. No follow up.......

methink not is an understatement!!!!
i just called the shop because, we meaning my husband and i,  have been working with this amazing artist.
we have prepaid for full sleeve and they fired the tattoo artist we were working.
we were working  with the owner on getting  some of are money back when whoever answer the phone was rude and said there was no manger and the owner wasn't there.
when i said dougie name, (that was the really good tat artist that work on us), i though he was going to have a stroke.
i say don't bother all the good artist are gone from sin city ink!

Travis freakin ROCKS!
He stayed super late to finish our tattoos and he was really nice and did beautiful work!!
Can't say enough awesome things about our experience :)

Very poor customer service.
The only man in there right at the front did not even acknowledge me even after I asked him a question.
After about 5 minutes he says hello.
I tell him what tattoo I wanted and he was very rude and told me I don't want that on my wrist because I won't like it when I'm forty.
He wanted to over charge me for something very small and then said he couldn't even do it.
I do not know how they stay in business.
Don't get your tattoo there.

***THIS PLACE WILL OVER CHARGE THE HELL OUT OF YOU****   I have some pretty decent work on my arm and I like to think I have an idea of what a tattoo artist should offer when someone comes in for a tattoo.
This place was gross.
The staff was gross, unprofessional, and obnoxious.
Now, granted you walk into a tattoo shop and shouldn't expect someone in a clean cut suit to greet you, but this shop takes laid back to a whole new level.
I did not get a tattoo this time around, but my friend did- good thing he got something simple enough.
First of all I observed the tattoo artist prep his station and I noticed once crucial element- HE NEVER ATTEMPTED TO SANITIZE HIS STATION, EQUIPMENT, THE CLIENT OR HIMSELF, he never washed his hands.
I thought the least he could do was wash his hands considering how grungy the shop was.
My friend got one word (6 letters) tattooed on his side, it took less than 10 minutes to complete-  the guys charged him $140!!!!
SERIOUSLY??!?
That is unheard of... My friend had to fight to get the price knocked down to $100 and that was still wayyy tooo much.
I asked how much they charge for a specific piercing and the gave me a quote $30 more than what other tattoo shops charge.
IF you want a mediocre tattoo with low quality work/inc and feel like throwing your money away- come to this place.
OR shop around!

I went here with my girlfriend.
She was getting two basic tattoos on her shoulders.
The guy took forever even starting the process, took numerous smoke breaks during the session, overcharged, and actually ended up tattooing her with blue instead of black!
She didn't even know until we got back to our place and I asked her about it.
We were there forever, even though he said we would only be there til a certain time, seeing as we had reservations at a fine dining restaurant at the Wynn.
I wouldn't recommend this place, but hey, it's only forever .

I received my tattoo from this shop back in 2010.
Now that I think about it, I really should have done much more research on tattoo shops and artists to pick out the perfect one vs going from just a little word of mouth.
However, I did it.
I got my tahitian tribal symbol black ink tattoo behind my ear because I was a tahitian dancer and in love with the culture at that time.
Upon arrival, they said that I would be with Jesse and they had me pick from templates online as to which design I liked best even though I told them I liked free-hand.
I was disappointed that he would not be free-hand drawing it for me to make it more unique so that some other person won't just be walking around with the same ink as me.
Sigh, my young, foolish self.
They were decent with sanitization, I will give them that.
Jesse was friendly and he was making lots of conversation with my friend who went with me so listening to them joke around eased me through the tattooing process.
It was over in about 30 minutes which was not too long of a process.
Afterwards, he said that I would be welcomed to come back and receive complimentary touch-ups anytime.
Now, I definitely took great care of my tattoo afterwards.
However, within two months I had to go back for a touch-up because it had already started fading.
When I went back, Jesse was less than stellar to touch it up for me.
He even made comments about how I should have been taking better care of it.
Not cool man.
Now, it has been about three years and the rate that it has faded to disappoints me because others who received tattoos from others shops still show vividly and they've had theirs longer!
The back of my ear is really not an area that gets exposed.
I will be doing more research to find an artist that specializes in tahitian-style tattoos in order to "fix" this work so that I can finally love my tattoo instead of just liking it.

Worst customer service ever.
I went in to get a tragus piercing.
I asked what they had for piercings and he came back with a banana piercing and said that's all they had that would fit my ear.I thought he meant that's all they had that wasn't a hoop.
Nope.
They were out of hoops which is standard for body piercings.
He then rudely reiterated that it was all they had.
I was trying to figure out if I wanted to be pierced with it and he walked away in a huff, slammed something in the back room, and walked away from us to resume taking pictures on his phone.
I probably would've gotten the piercing but he was so rude that I decided to take my business elsewhere.
And I'm glad I did.
The other place was much nicer and actually a little cheaper.

Don't go here.
Horrible customer service.
Rude off the phone to begin.
They have deals and promotions on their own website, But he doesn't honor them!!
He states,      " don't even try with that deal, it got you in the store right?
" Wants to charge for consultations and designing the art work, when I brought my own artwork.
Major false advertisement!
They also have a $10 tattoo deal which isn't true.
This older man was a horrible business owner.
There's not price standards, he was pulling numbers from the sky and feed them to me.

This shop is really nice and clean.
The artist are so helpful and attentive.
They take the proces sersiouly.
I had came in for a small piece and they were more than happy to help with recommendations of where to put it and sizes.
And it came out exactly how I wanted!
Healed up amazing to!!
Came in when the night shift was working loved the whole experience.
Can't wait to get more tattoos here!
Clay was my artist

Got my first tattoo from Rich..nice, easygoing guy.
Great artist...he drew up exactly what I knew I wanted!
Great prices too...considering it was an original tattoo, not a flash.
Check it out!

Price was good, people are real good too, down to earth.
No hidden prices just good artists doing there thing.
Showed up before our flight back home and these guys hooked up my nephew and me.
Shout out to Big Sal, he's fast and artistically on point.

I hate how this place doesn't accept credit cards.
Clay did a good job on all three of my friend's navel piercings including mine.
And if anything goes wrong you can always go back to them.
Good place to go since they close so late.
Ended up to be $30 exactly.

Forgive me because I forgot who had done my tattoo but it turned out beautifully!
I called ahead and talked with Sal to get some quotes and they were accurate for not really knowing exactly what I wanted to get.
The staff was friendly and the store was clean!
Next time I'm in Vegas I will come here for sure to get another - I'm addicted!
Thanks again Sin City Ink!!

