One of the cleanest more organized Dollar Trees that i've been to here in Vegas.
Great variety of items some name brands, great place to grab some cheap goodies!
I love the dollar store, but it seems like it should be more like the $20 store because that's what I spend on a normal trip lol and unlike some "dollar" stores everything in this place is actually a $1.00....some things can be 2/$1.00!!

What can I say, it's a dollar store.
But this is the "best" dollar store in the area.
Some times you just need cheap gift bags or toys or whatever.
They usually have it.
The staff is pretty decent, too.
Best part, they have balloons.
Totally worth the trip for your next party planning needs!

Of course I'm a fan, I'm always looking for a new hair accessory.
They really didn't have anything I didn't already had, but I love stopping at dollar tree stores, if I see one along the way!

I shopped here a lot before moving back to Summerlin 2 years ago.
I am now once again a Green Valley resident and this location is at the top of my list.
Ready for a first?
This is actually my favorite location!
There was a Dollar Tree just minutes from my home in Summerlin that I frequented but it doesn't come close to this location!
I really loved shopping here when I lived out here before and I am loving it all over again.
Lots of great merchandise that I typically don't find in other locations.
I really like the one off of Decatur, but this one is the cream of the crop.
It's always clean and organized and a pleasure to shop.
Kudos to the manager at this location and the employees.
Keep up the great work!

the store is clean and staff are nice.
i come here for snacks and dog treats.
i mean come on, $1 for every item.
can't beat that.
I prefer this over 99 cent store.

First time here.
We ate in the shopping center and saw this place so we went in.
Everything is a 1.00.
It was very clean and great prices for cards!!
The girl that checked us out was very nice.
but we did pass a few other workers in store and they couldn't find a way to smile or say hello.
It was a look don't bother me Im working.
Not sure we will be back but, at least I got some stoppers for a door in my home for a 1.00.

Great store so cheap excellent place for Xmas stocking stuffers and cleaning supplies and they have fuzzy socks everything is a dollar unlike some other dollar places and thus dollar tree is huge so tons more stuff

Not much to say for a Dollar Store..
It's one of the cleanest and always in stock of items.
Great place to get couponing deals at, making them almost free -just need to pay for tax!
Overall, average convenient store that has everything and anything..  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

