Dr. Milne and staff are excellent at what they do.
I brought my children here on referral from another dentist.
Being a pediadontist, their office is set in the atmosphere of Disney Characters.
It is very inviting.
There is a play area with toys.
The wait area is very comfortable with cushioned seats to sit in while a movie plays on the TVs around the office.
For our initial visit Dr. Milne brought me back to explain his findings with all my children and we discussed treatment options.
While there, I noted TVs hung from the ceiling so children could watch while they lay reclined in there seat.
Very cool!
Appointments were made for actual procedures.
My two youngest children were greeted that morning and given some sedation juice to prepare them.
After it kicked in, they were whisked away for their dental work - one after the other.
For the rest of the day, our children rested and slept things off and woke up in the evening refreshed.
When asked about their experience at the dentist, it was nothing but positive.
The dentist, receptionist, and assistants are all top tier.
I trust them with my children and highly recommend to all parents with children.

I have been taking my children to Dr. Milne for about 5 years, and they have always looked forward to going to see him.
His office staff are pleasant and efficient and Dr. Milne is knowledgable and kind.
Going to the dentist doesn't get any better than this.

The staff is the best.
The office is so calm.
I would not take my kids anywhere else then this office.
Tk u Dr. Milne and his staff

We love this place.
Dr Milne is always so calm (a plus when working with kids) and he always takes his time to explain things to me.
All of his staff is really nice and I've never had a problem with billing and as you know in this town that is definitely a rarity.

Dr. Milne is a great dentist, a genuine person who truly cares about your children's teeth.
He is very gentle, thorough and conservative, always taking the time to explain things to us (and does great at explaining so my daughters can understand as well).
He keeps an eye on the development of different teeth, alerts us to things we need to watch for or that may be occurring in the next 6-12-18 months.
We've never had a problem with billing or appointments.
They are diligent appointment reminders - call, text, email, they do it all!
And are always very kind if you need to reschedule or get in quickly.
The office is very clean and decorated with different Disney movie decor .
I only wish I was this creative!!
Definitely recommend - top notch Pediatric Dentist!
My kids actually look forward to going to the dentist!

