$35 for a Shih Tzu to have a "maintenance cut" - which includes the underbelly trimmed, toe nails, the bum grooming, and the face trimmed up (i think).
$45 for my Shih Tzu to have a full service grooming - which includes the wash (shampoo and conditioner) blow dry, the cut (the body cut, paw attention, face cleaned up, and the underbelly shaved and his bum cut nice and short - no more dingle berries!
) They trimmed his nails really nice and put a couple of bows in his hair.
My super fuzzy, super overheating Shih Tzu was happy once again.
The owner was super nice and I could tell she loves what she does.
Also be aware that they take CASH ONLY.
This is posted in their store and they did inform me of their policy when I dropped my pup off.
They also sprayed him with something that made him smell great for a little over a week.
I'd have no problem taking my pup back there.
I do feel it is a tad on the expensive side, but then again I didn't do much shopping around either so I don't have anything to compare it to.

I started taking my Beau here a couple months ago and love it.
They always do a good job and don't kidnapp my dog for long hours.
I used to be a customer of PetCo, which is right across the street but Pawsh Wash is considerably better in many ways.
Quality of the cut, pricing and cleanliness.

I was visiting my family in Las Vegas and brought along my 3 year old westie.
I was visiting for over a month and he needed a grooming.
After searching various pet groomers, I decided to give this place a try.
This place was great!
The owner was very friendly and my westie came out looking and smelling wonderful!
Highly recommend this groomer!

Jeanie is so nice.
I've brought my little doomhammer here twice and they did a wonderful job each time.
I just wish I was in a better financial situation so I could keep bringing him here.
I now cut his hair myself but it looks like crap... but you can guarantee that once I'm no longer in the hole I'm bringing him back to get pampered.
REMEMBER: They only take cash!

Friendly staff, fast service and reasonably priced.
Took my dog here two times and both experiences were excellent.

Four paws up!!
After our regular groomer moved away had a hard time finding a good reasonably priced groomer.
After a few "misses"found Pawsh Wash!!
Have three Pomeranians Lola Belle, Bear and Foxy and they love going in for their groom.
Great friendly staff, reasonably priced and centrally located!

It's variable.
Sometimes I'm very pleased when I pick up my Shih Tzus and sometimes it's a bit of a hack job.
It really just depends on who is doing the grooming.
My dogs aren't always easy to deal with so I'm sure that is a factor too but a little consistency here would be great.
Not the best but certainly not the worst I have experienced.

What a hidden gem!
Tucked away behind a Taco Bell sits one of the best dog groomers I have found on the Southwest side of town.
My Mini Australian Shepherd received the full grooming and looked magnificent afterward.
The staff was friendly, the price was very reasonable, and even though they were busy, they still managed to squeak me in on a weekend without an advance appointment.
I will definitely be back.
My Aussie looks like a rock star!

I love this place and they love my dog!
They are very caring and compassionate, truly go the extra mile.
The grooming prices are competitive, but your pet will not leave traumatized.
I actually had that slight feeling of sorrow when I picked my dog up because he had obviously bonded with the groomer.
I will certainly be back and can only recommend this place to others!

Took my girlfriends shih-tzu's here for grooming a few times.
Most of the time, the haircuts are very nicely done.
There have been a couple times whee the fur was an absolute disaster and uneven.
They weren't even matted and managed to cut our dogs underarm.
As Traci T mentioned, consistency would be nice, especially when we are paying nearly $100 for two dogs.

We've been taking our Maltipom Gizmo here for years.
I can say I have only been disappointed maybe once or twice when I think they were super busy and his hair wasn't as even as it usually is.
Not too bad considering we go here every 2-3 months.
We usually call early in the morning and they take us the same day.
I love how they know Gizmo and know his "usual" hair style.
Gizmo doesn't seem afraid when he goes there, and you can tell they truly care about their doggie clients!
For the works including wash, cut, nails, etc.
it is reasonably priced at $45.
Gizmo always looks proud of his cut when he's done.
This place is cash only but that's not bad for the exceptional service!

Terrible groomer for cats.
May be ok for dogs but definitely do not take your kitty here.
Their groomer cut my girlfriends cats leg and he has a scar from it.
She decided to give them a 2nd change and the groomer cancelled the appointment.
She gave them a third chance and the groomer cancelled again, without even notifying her!
If you have a cat stay away from this place.

Jeanie always does our fosters and she does a GREAT job!
We had a little rescue that came in terribly matted and she had to shave him down.
And he is little nippy!!
So when we picked him up, he was a different dog!!
Would recommend!

My America Eskimo is a regular here !
I love that the staff always remembers Bazbi and they remember everything he needs .
The staff is friendly and the facility is clean .
I don't know what they do but whenever I bring my dog here his coat stays softer than when I take him anywhere else !
Very reasonable prices too!!
They also always give him a cute bandana!!!
Only reason this is 4 star is because once I noticed they had trimmed the hair on his tail when I had never asked them to and i had always liked his fluffy tail:(.

Love the atmosphere and the prices are soooo reasonable.
Staff is very helpful and great with the pups.
Won't take our baby girl any where else!
Thank you!

Immediately felt like family when we went in.
This was our first time at Pawsh Wash and they were extremely friendly and everyone working there looked happy to be there.
Our dog's grooming was the best I have seen in Vegas and we have been to multiple groomers around town.
We will definitely be back for our dog's next grooming.

They are very accommodating w/ appointments, make prompt return calls & priced ok for the area.
I was not pleased w/ my dog's cut however so it could have cost $10 or $100 & it would have been a bad value.
My dog is a Maltese/Terrier mix w/ soft wavy fur that was about 4" in length when I took her in......I asked for a slight trim.
I admitted I didn't know what that type of cut was called and the lady held up my dog's hair and asked if I wanted this much cut off (about 3")--I exclaimed no....just a trim all the way around.
I had to go out of town so my husband picked her up, paid & went on his merry way.
I got home 2 days later to a shaved dog w/ maybe 1/4 inch hair.
And in the middle of winter....ugh!!!
Poor thing had to wear her sweater for the next month & let's not even discuss trying to get a decent Christmas picture!!
There was such a disparity between what was discussed & what came home I couldn't believe it.
I seriously thought my husband had taken her in for another cut.
Sounds like from reviews consistency is a problem so maybe I was there on an off day?!
Regardless, won't risk it by going back.

I wasn't a fan of this place either.
Very unprofessional.
My dog loves everyone.
Not these people.

Friendly staff, decent prices and my little girl looks beautiful thanks to Kimi!!
Will definitely come back!

