I purchased my car from an auction lot in 10/05 and it wasn't perfect but it was a good deal.
I chose the car because it was a year old and the KBB was $22k and I got it for $8500.
I know, right?
This crew at Jiffy Lube on Trop near Ft Apache did a complete diagnostic and replaced all the fluids, air filter,  filled my tires, let me know they were bald, vacuumed my car out, cleaned my windows and reviewed everything with me on their check list.
I was also asked if I wanted to clean out the oil system, transmission system and made sure I was aware of when they were actually due for changing...I'm way over my  head trying to speak to any level of proficiency on matters of internal combustion engines or auto mechanics, but I just know that keeping my car properly lubricated has prevented any major mechanical issues.
Every 3000, like clockwork, I show up and get my oil changed.
They keep track of all the liquids in my car.
I've been going to this specific shop since 11/05 and have always found them to be professional, polite and helpful.
They have a very good selection of reading materials and play a DVD movie in the waiting room.
Coffee is free, there is a snack machine and soda machine with water too.
The restrooms are clean and the process takes less than an hour.
If you are hungry there is an In and Out Burger, Micky D's, Sushi, Pizza, etc all within 300 feet to 1/2 mile from the JL.
No matter how busy or slow, they are constantly nice and I never feel like they are trying to sell me stuff I don't need.
Did I  mention I've been going to this shop for 4.5 years?

I was a little fond of this place because when I had to do a smog check for state registration they were super friendly and called me back a few times to let me know where their emission guy was and when he was working.
However today I called them at 3:45 to see why time the close.
5:00 PM.
Great so I cruised over and got there at 4:12 PM.
First they tell me they only carry Penzoil.
Any self respecting car owner knows that Penzoil is one of the cheapest , crappiest engine oil you can buy.
So they said I could get my own oil next door at Checkers.
I said OK i'll do that.
Then the guy said "actually we are doing our last car now.
We are doing a transmission on this car too, so we can't take any more cars".
WTF?
First of all you only carry Penzoil.
Yuck.
Secondly you tell me you aren't taking any more cars at 48 min till close for a 10 min oil change?
Thanks for the warning!!
Taking my car somewhere else for a decent oil change.

This JIFFY LUBE location ROCKS!
They always treat me very well!
All of the techs are very knowledgeable & friendly!
I highly recommend this location!

I have to admit that I was incredibly timid because most LV establishments like this one look for any opportunity to screw you, but this place was really good!
The service was fast, the staff was friendly... they have earned my business and I would recommend to my family and friends.

I have never been a fan of Jiffy Lube, I always felt that these places always tried to tell me that this and that is wrong with my car.
Well, yesterday I experienced a very pleasant visit!
Before I went to Jiffy Lube I had stopped in at Good Year to get my oil change, but when they were extremely rude, I walked out and went across the street to Jiffy Lube.
They were so kind!
Helped me as soon as I walked up, gave me a 20% discount instead of the 15% discount coupon that I had.
They told me a few things that needed to be done, just miner stuff.
I was so happy with them.
I felt I got a great deal.
I will always go back!
AND I ONLY WAITED 10 MINUTES!
Before that, Good Year wanted me to wait 90 minutes!

We have an extra car that we rarely get out on the road these days (2003 Honda), and I decided to hire Jiffy to do their signature oil change and replace a headlight bulb.
This place is relatively close to the east of where we now live, so why not try it out, eh?
A good choice, as the service was efficient and the customer service amiable and helpful.
Thank you, and keep up the great work.

Clean location with friendly and polite service.
I just wanted a standard oil change, and although they told me about the recommended services for my car, they weren't pushy about it.
There was no wait time, and I was able to get in and out swiftly.
No complaints!

Excellent customer service.
Unlike other places, I didn't get pressured into buying additional services.
The staff was very friendly and my oil change was done in 15 mins.
Got $10 off too so that was a plus.

These guys were very helpful.
I needed a serpentine belt replacement and it was almost closing time for these guys, but they still were willing to put it on for me when I was in a crunch.
These guys were friendly and got right down to business.
Good customer service!

Fast service with a smile.
Will come back again !

The employees at the shop are very nice, kind, courteous and knowledgeable.They got my truck in and out quickly and efficiently and never once treated me like I was a dumb female.
I will go to this shop for my regular oil changes.

