I just delivered my 2nd son with the help of Dr. Michaels at the OB-Gyn Center a few weeks ago and I was there today for my follow up appointment.
I can't recommend them enough.
When I'm in the office for appointments the staff is great -- they seem to actually care about my time and even though they can't avoid all delays, when they do happen they deal with them well.
Every appointment I've had there -- and as a pregnant woman there were a lot -- was enjoyable and almost all of them were quick.
Dr. Michaels is an amazing doctor: knowledgable, straightforward and direct.
She took great care of me and my baby.
If you're looking for a new OB in the area, definitely give them a try.

I was referred here by my cousin who ranted and raved about how amazing Dr. Gondi is.
I reviewed her credetials and bio, I was impressed and she sounded exactly what I've been looking for: http://www.lasvegasobgyncenter.com/about.html  That's who I tried to get in to see, however, since she's so awesome she's booked waaaaaaaaaaay far into the distant galaxy.
I settled for Dr. MIchaels, I figured that since she was in the same office that she must be awesome too.
Well, my experience was sub-par.
She talked sooooooooooooooo flippin' fast, English is my first language, I'm not slow & I consider myself above average intelligence in regard to the human anatomy and lady parts.
I was boggled by what the eff she was saying to me.
I couldn't understand her, not because she spoke another langauge, but because she rattled off letters and sounds I asked her on mulitple occasions to repeat herself, she did and I still left feeling confused.
I did my own research and now I understand, but seriously dude, really?
The check-in nurse told me she didn't have any other appointments for the day and this chick still made me wait 45 minutes.
I will DEFINITELY WAIT to see Dr. Gondi next time and make my yearly appointment a year in advance.

Never been happier with an OBGYN!
Dr. Luh is amazing, very smart and always takes as much time as you need to listen and figure out what the issues are.
It is hard to find good doctors in this town.
They are usually on time as far as appointments go and the staff is very nice and will always squeeze you in if you are in need.

I adore Dr. Gondy.
I am a new patient, but have been there several times in the past month.. doing preliminary testing for (hopefully) a uterine ablation.
Her wait time is so so... but what do you expect from an OB office.
The ladies behind the desk are pretty nice... definitely business-like.
Not super friendly, but that's OK.
It is a well-oiled machine for sure.
Dr. Gondy is the real treat.
I sincerely mean that.
She is thorough, personable, and professional.
I have lived in Las Vegas for 10 years now and have only been in for an "annual" twice in that 10 years.
The providers I have tried have been impersonal and almost rude.
She is the opposite.
I will look forward to seeing her every year.
One more thing... the ladies in the back who work with Dr. Gondy are fantastic... lots nicer than her front desk staff.
Not that the front desk is mean or rude... but the medical assistants are exceptional.

I absolutely love Dr. Michaels.
Sometimes there is a wait but it is well worth it.
She is great, answered all my questions and truly offers the best medical attention.
I went to Women's Speciality Care for a year a literally came running back once I saw they were on my new insurance.
I will NEVER go anywhere else again.

The women who answered the phone was extremely unprofessional.
I am a cash patient was in need of an appointment first off I asked if they where accepting new patients, she spoke so fast I could not understand her.... Then she tells me she can barely here me and that I must be on a cell phone with a tone that was just rude!
So I politely apologized to her and move to another location... She then says well I can here you a little better, she then asks me if I have insurance I told her that I do not and then asked how much it would be for an appointment.
She put me on hold with out telling me she was doing so and kept picking up asking me if I was being helped??????
Who does that????
I kept saying I think so?
She then comes back on the phone 5 mins later and says ohhh your holding for the cash question right??
Yes!!
She then told me it would be $2600 for the first visit and I would have to bring $1000 WTH I hung up on her... She treated me as if I was a horrible person because I pay cash for my appointments my job doesn't offer health benefits and I can not afford them on my own nor can I get state assistance because I make to much?
Catch 22 for me but I am healthy and haven't been bothered by this before today this was such a terrible experience that I had to write this review I would not recommend calling this place let alone give then my cash.
I do hope that they send that women to some type of training or that they hire someone else because she will drive your business away regardless if they are cash patients or insured...

