Yes, they're open again!
Yay!
(they did some remodeling for the longest time *seemed like forever*).
Great pizza, great pizza's...I'm  hooked!

Horrible Customer Service!
1st time I ever ordered a pizza they con me into getting a bigger size for a 'better' price.
I get it and they screwed up the pizza.
I called them and they said they'd have a free one for me next time I order.
They lied.
No pizza for me they said the next time.
I will NEVER waste my money there again.
Pizza was mediocre at best.

Horrible Customer Service!
1st time I ever ordered a pizza they messed it up.
They said they would have a free one for me the next time I ordered.
They lied.
No free pizza for me they said.
I will never waste my money with them again.

Yuck, the mushrooms tasted like they came out of a can.
Gross!

This is some of the best chain restruant pizza I have ever had!
The price is great and they have great deals also.
The pizza is far better than Papa John's and doesn't even compare to Pizza Hut - Some places like Villia Pizza and Roma Pizza have just as good pizza.
Don't let the two past reviews sway your descion - This pizza is great and a great vaule, I have to drive 10 miles to go pick my pizza - Its worth it!

We got a medium pepperoni and also a medium sausage and mushroom.
I have to say I thought the customer service was friendly and just fine, the pizza was good and we found ourselves wanting more of the sausage/mushroom.

I thought the pizza was fine.
They could have put a little more pepperoni on it but over all it was good and lasted a long time in the fridge.
The cheesy bread was also pretty good.
i mixed the marinara and the other sauce to make it it even tastier.
We would try it again.

Look, I love pizza!
I am not a pizza snob.
Is this a chain?
Yes  Is it a fancy pizza place?
No.
This is one of those in between places that isn't domino's or a "sit down" my grandma's recipe Italian restaurant.
This is just plain ol' pizza folks.
If you have to critique then you aren't going to like it.
I found about this place is from a coworker.
We ordered pizza at the office and he suggested this place.
We ordered a plain cheese deep dish and put everything on the crust for about $13.00.
It wasn't ridiculously deep but a nice thick slab of pizza pie!
When I sank my teeth in this pizza, keep in mind I am not waiting for this place to blow my mind.
I was in pizza heaven.
It just has this taste to it that makes it yummy.
I know some people are saying, "What's wrong with joker, the pizza stinks here!
" and probably rolling their eyes.
Well all of you pizza snobs out there, go ahead and sit down and spend $50 on a pizza meal.
I'll take Marco's any day of the week!
Cheers!
-Make sure to put everything on the crust!

We've had our second delivery order today, so I thought I would write a review now.
We've had a lot of trouble with decent pizza delivery - our local Domino's is a total disaster and Pizza Hut has steadily declined in quality.
I tried Marco's on a whim, after I saw a delivery car in our neighborhood.
Both times, we have ordered a pan pizza with the garlic butter crust with extra cheese, pineapple, and mushrooms.
The delivery was slower the first time, but 35 minutes the second.
The pizza itself - while not at all healthy - reminded me of old school Pizza Hut, back when their pan crust was buttery and savory.
For chain delivery pizza, Marco's is very good.

Pleasantly surprised!
I imagined Marco's being more like a Sbarro's pizza, but it's definitely not!
They use all fresh ingredients and a garlic, cheesy sauce that's brushed on the crust right after they pull the pizza out of the oven- YUM!
AND, it's very well priced.
Definitely worth a try!

Good costumer service the prices are good and the pizza is really good !

If I walked inside not knowing the name of the place I would have thought I was in Dominos.
The girl that took our order was not friendly.
The pizza and salad weren't too bad but I've had better.
One star for pizza, one for the salad.
Customer service gets negative 3.

The pizza is okay.
Not the best, not the worst I've had.
Salads are awesome.
Not sure if I'm going to order from them again for one reason...they weren't wearing gloves when preparing the pizza, rolling/flipping the dough.
I watched them switch from taking money right to preparing the pizza with no gloves and not washing hands.
Also observed an employee walk in to start his shift and started right in on making the pizzas without washing his hands or putting gloves on...just walked in the door and started the pizzas.
I'm not a TOTAL germaphobe, but that is just gross.
At least wear gloves when preparing peoples food.
Thats unsanitary.
Don't think I will be ordering from nor recommend Marcos for this reason.
Yuck!

Delivery guy brought us the wrong pizza.
So we called to get the right pizza delivered.
My son ate some of the first pizza since we waited another hour and a half for the second one.
When the delivery guy brought the correct pizza, he asked for the first pizza they brought and said his manager requested him to bring it back to the store.
I was shocked, the manager is just going to throw it out.
Worst customer service I have experienced in a long time.
Needless to say this place will never get another dollar of my money

Have been getting pizza here since they first opened and loved it.
But the last few times the pizza has been horrible!
They uses to put lots of ingredients on but have started to skimp on them and the flavor/taste just not as good.
We have stop getting their pizza.

Love the thin crust pizza.
I pick up from here at least once a month!

Best pizza in vegas?
YUP!
i have spent four years looking for pizza that dose not suck.
its a problem out here apparently.......... i ended up with a large pep.
and some cheezey bread.
lets review the pizza..... peperoni with crispy edges, check perfectly cooked, check right sauce to cheese ratio, check Parmesan goodness on the crust, hell yea!
the cheesy bread is perfect too just the right amount of fluffy cheezy goodness.
if you dont like this pizza you club seals in your spare time.
but i guess everyone needs a hobby.

The deluxe UNO is really UNO!
Great crust, just the right amount of toppings, not too skimpy or too much.
Online ordering process is a bit too much, but it's worth it I guess or just call in your order.
I tried this place about 5 years ago when they reopened and it was a oily greasy drippy mess!
Never came back and could only see that bad picture in my mind ever since.
Really good to see they have turned it around and I will order here again.
Good job Marcos!

I wish you would deliver to is since you keep sending your adds

I had never heard of Marco's before and then I got a flyer on my door one day and decided to try it.
The pizza is pretty good.

We had Marco's cater our daughters birthday.
The service was great, because our order was put in ahead of time and had to be delivered a few hours later.
The food was hot and great, which was a bit of a surprise.
I had never had Marcos but we got it on a recommendation and it didn't fail to impress.
Thanks for making the food a hit.

Pizza is good.
Cinnamon rolls are extremely greasy.
Breadsticks arrived not fully cooked.

I ordered 1 pizza online.
It took an hour and arrived cold.
No apology,  nothing.
The dough is not even cooked all the way.
A very disappointing experience

