Found out about this place from the vets on base.
One of the vet that works at the Nellis vets office also works here at 'Heaven can Wait' or thats what my husband told me anyways.
They said nothing but good things about this place so i figured I'd go there.
Plus... military discounts ;)  Just got my doggy fixed and up to date on shots, and microchipped yesterday.
The staff here are super friendly and nice, but they did scare me when they talked about anesthesia and side effects and chances of this and that and bla bla...
I cried my eyes out when i dropped my doggy off, but they assured me she was gonna be okay and that they'd take extra good care of her :) Yep, what can i say...
I'm a big baby :) and yeah, I cried some more once i picked up my doggy haha.
I guess i was just so happy to see that she was ok!
Yay for cry-babies like me!

Background: Our 18 year old cat passed 3 weeks ago, and per our vet of 7 years it is a good time to introduce a new cat to our household to become a friend and companion to our other cat and member of our family.
Our vet also gave us specific parameters of the type of cat to adopt.
Having found the exact male personality of what we were hoping to be the newest member of our family from your website, we drove quite a bit to meet this adorable little guy.
He was exactly what we were looking for and more.
What was not on the website was that he had to be adopted with another cage mate of 4 months.
This felt like a bait and switch moment.
The "counselor" proceeded to also question if we were getting a new cat too soon, referring back to my vet of 7 years who has known, boarded and treated my cats, well let's just say I take the word of our family vet that we are ready over someone I just met.
Also the counselor tried to talk me into a cat who tried to bite and scratch me, and whose behavior was completely contrary to what our vet was recommending.
I called your main office to see if there was any possibility of an exception being made.
I explained that I had adopted our now deceased kitty, 16 years ago when he was 2 and his brother was adopted away from him at age 2, a much longer bonding period than 4 months.
I can honestly say he was the best cat ever!
I think a loving and caring household influences our family pets.
I am very disappointed in your organization, but I'm not worried, there are many other shelters in Las Vegas and we will find our new family member.

A sweet stray momma cat had kittens in my garage.
One morning; I saw 4 lively little kittens running all over my backyard.
I called Heaven can Wait and a wonderful lady named Judy came with 7 traps.
We caught the momma; the babies and one more wild cat that I never seen before.
Judy is amazing.

All of my adopted cats have come from Heaven Can Wait.
They really are angels for homeless animals in Las Vegas.
The volunteers are always friendly and you can tell they really want to find the best homes for their cats and dogs.
I frequently take donations down to them and the cats really appreciate it!
Remember, if you are looking to add a furry friend to your family, adopt!

Heaven can wait is awesome.
Their spay and neuter program is great and more people should check into it!
They did a great job with my cat when he needed to be fixed and the price was beyond reasonable.
Also, they are a great rescue and do everything they can for the pet community

I have volunteer here as a foster home, so I know first hand the care that goes into taking care of the animals, and finding them great forever homes.
They offer great low-cost programs for those that already have pets but may be financially struggling.
Additionally, if you are looking for a place to volunteer, please check this place out.
You can get introduced to their programs through a thorough orientation.
It gives you a great idea of how to best utilize whatever skills you may have.
They do not have a shelter, per se, but you can visit their website or adoption center at the Arroyo Crossing PetSmart.
All of the animals soon to be adopted are kept in approved foster homes in insure they are behavioral monitored and socialized properly with humans.
Elaine, the foster program director, is the best.
She is incredibly knowledgeable and dedicates her life to these animals.
PLEASE DO NOT BUY FROM BREEDERS!!!
Adopt an animal that deserves a home!

I volunteer here and there for them.
They're very dedicated to what they do.
I have gotten both my pit bulls spayed and neutered here.
They do not discriminate and run specials for pit bulls and chihuahuas, the two at risk breeds.
Staff is always very friendly and office is clean.
Prices are the best in the Las Vegas area.
I spent less than $200.00 getting my fur babies fixed which is a steal.
My vets office wanted to charge me a little bit over $300  for each dog.
I will be bringing a stray to them soon to get him neutered.
I have to bare the costs if I want a rescue to help me place him in a home and cost wise, Heaven Can Wait is the way to go.
If you are struggling financially, ask about the programs they have.
Never be afraid to ask for help.
They are doing wonderful things in the pet community!

