Sears is known for two things- appliances and the reliable auto center.
(I was a customer with my ford explorer years prior BTW at the Meadows location.
) Since we came after dinner time on a monday evening, there were just a few customers ahead of us, so we were assisted in a timely manner.
We needed a new battery for our PT Cruiser.
Chrysler has a habit of situating the battery underneath another part (like the air filter, for example), so for the cost of the Die Hard battery @ $79.99 with a 1.5 year warranty (prorate for 6 years) plus the installation fee of $12.99 (reasonable cost) and tax, the total was $100.67 (no core charge).
(The alternative is a Pro Start battery with a year warranty @ $49.99 but it didn't sound like the CSR believed in it, was a little hesitant in his offering.
) It's just a little weird that there is a display of tires directly behind the line for the cashier (there should be a defined line- tape on the floor or something), which created an awkward line around the tire display.
I guess you'd have to be there in order to understand what I am saying.
We pulled into the garage for Express Service.
There is a small waiting room with chairs, some vending machines, a trash can, and a tv.
Since there was a customer ahead of us and it would be a few minutes, we walked to the mall and browsed a few stores and got a new watch battery too (love when we get things done).
We asked him to call us when it was done.
There was another customer in front of us before checkout so it was a few minutes.
But another rep helped us and we paid for it; went off on our merry way.
During the daytime, the place is swamped.
Usually there is a line of about ten people.
So, if you want to avoid the crowd, get there in the evening.

When I came here to bring "BB" (My Car) for his routine oil change the staff seemed to be a bit scattered around at first and It was a bit confusing to figure out who was next in line the way counters are set up.
They don't provide the cheapest service out there but the quality of service makes up for It.
The staff were very friendly and attentive,   My oil change was done within 35 min and they even reset the tire pressure light in my car for me....
Awesome!

Been here a couple times to do maintenance on my car and to fix my mom's car.
Overall I am satisfied with their service.
Everytime I've gone in to do something to my car they don't take longer than an hour depending on the problem.
Some of the prices may be a little high for repair but these mechanics are very good and I trust them.
The only problem I have is the wait to talk to a service guy/cashier can be long and frustrating, depending how busy it is.
I recommend this auto center.

Needed a new battery and the price and service was good, I'd go back.

I have been to this location several times for tire repair due to picking up large nails on the roadway.
Today I stopped by when my low tire pressure light came on.
I was treated incredibly well.
Steven filled up all four of my tires with air and took the time to help me understand what my tires need, how to tell the age of a tire, and where to find the information on my car about the right tire pressure.
He was terrific.
They have always been very helpful and friendly at this center.
I drove from the south side of town to this location because I have come to trust the staff there.

