This is a small dental office, but inside it is so clean, TOP of the line dental tools, the women at the front desk make you feel so at home and Dr. Brown and Dr. Kurdova are SO good.
These ppl care and they're gentle :)

First I must say that I absolutely hate going to the dentist, but Dr. Brown, Pat, Ebony and the rest of the girls in the office help make it a great experience.
I've recently moved to NM, but I still return to Vegas every 6 months for my cleanings with Pat.
The office is in a great and easy accessible location.
I've never had an issue with billing or my records, the staff is always friendly and willing to help.
I give this place 5 stars - a million if I could - and highly recommend it for anyone who is looking for a dentist in the Las Vegas area.

I took my 4 years old daughter and also my wife, DC.
Brown and he's team took very good care of them, the place is beautiful and clean and all the staff was very nice with us and very professionals  I will recommend it to all my friends.

I have to say, the team and service that Dr. Brown and his staff provide is outstanding.
Dr. Brown is the consumate professional and has provided myself and my family excellent care for the past 5 years.
The office is clean, modern and yet extremely comfortable.
I'm not a fan of any kind of dental work, but Comfort Care truly makes the experiance absolutly worry free, and without a doubt, lives up to their name.

Dr. Brown is the best dentist I've ever had.
*He has steady, quick hands *He tells jokes and sings while working *He is patient and coaches you step by step through the dental procedure  His assistant Raquel is caring and on top of her job.
She even called me on Saturday to see how I was doing.
The checkout staff  I have worked with have also been pleasant and quick.
The loss of a star is due to the older Dental Hygienist.
It was the best cleaning I have ever experienced, but her mouth could get her into trouble and should not be taken lightly.
She almost had me in tears which is not an easy thing to do!
I will be using the other cleaning person from now on.
Overall Comfort Care has been a blessing.
Great prices on services that are and are not covered by my insurance.
I noticed they also offer financing for those that need it.
Dr. Brown really listens and really cares and does an incredible job at taking care of my teeth.
I could not ask for anything more from a dentist.
Besides maybe half naked, sexy men massaging my feet and whispering sweet words while I am stuck in that damn chair.

I have to say, the team and service that Dr. Brown and his staff provide is outstanding.
Dr. Brown is the consumate professional and has provided myself and my family excellent care for the past 5 years.
The office is clean, modern and yet extremely comfortable.
I'm not a fan of any kind of dental work, but Comfort Care truly makes the experiance absolutly worry free, and without a doubt, lives up to their name.

My family has been seeing Dr. Brown and the girls at Comfort Care since the mid 90's when we moved to Vegas.
My father had extreme perio problems and Dr. Brown did all of his work.
There isn't a single piece of work in my mouth that hasn't been done there as a result.
As an adult, everyone knows me and they are always friendly, really flexible and understanding with billing, and above all else, thorough.
Every time my mom has an issue with a crown or abcess she simply calls and they have a prescription ready at her pharmacy so she can start treatment before they get her into the office.
I make my boyfriend go there now, too!
I recommend Dr. Brown and Marlaney (she replaced Kathleen for hygiene) if they take your dental plan or if you really need experienced and top notch care.

I went to this place because it got great reviews on yelp and it was the end of the year and i needed to use up the rest of my insurance before it expired i got three of my top teeth filled they said with my insurance it would cost me a $145.00 out of pocket so a total of 1145.00 dollars for three feelings that's including my insurance they sent me a bill a week later for additional 581.00 dollars they two day's later mailed me another bill for 780.00 dollars I called them they told me my insurance didn't pay so after hanging i looked at the bill they insurance did pay them 1000.00 so the total bill is 2225.00 for three feelings  Also I went over why my feelings still hurt before i hung up with the lady (when i was there they told me they would be a little sensitive for a little bit) but on the phone i told them they absolutely hurt and i can not eat on that side of my mouth they told me its because they're white feelings

I've been going to Dr. Brown & Pat (hygenist) for years.
They are true professionals and amazing people.
What impressed me about Dr. Brown is that he's always laughing, he has a great attitude.
Pat has a great attitude too, very personable.
He makes you feel very comfortable when he works on you.
Make him your new dentist, you'll be so happy you did!!!

I found my self in a very urgent need of a good dentist after breaking a tooth on my flight to Las Vegas.
I called Comfort Dental in hopes that they would be able to see me on a last minute notice on a Saturday morning.
The office staff was amazing and told me to come in right away and they would see me, this is almost unheard of theses days and they could not have been nicer.
When I arrived I was seen right away by Dr Brown who was extremely friendly and was one of the best dentist I have ever experienced.
( and I am terrified of dentists.).
I wish I lived closer because I would come back for all my dental needs.
You can't find a better dental practice any where!!

