Procedurally honest service for the most part.
With the exception of one time three years ago when a wheel alignment was done on my car and the tire pressure on all four wheels were at least ten to twelve pounds low (exactly as the car was delivered to them), I've had good experiences with them.
I take my car to this Goodyear store about once a year to have a wheel alignment done, as I had purchased tires from them several years back and bought a lifetime warranty on the alignment (which means any time I want another alignment, it is free of charge).
They service the car with competency (with that one exception) and are pretty good about doing it quickly.
Customer service is VERY STRONG.
They document EVERYTHING, which the customer signs off on before any work begins.
The staff are polite and caring,especially on the telephone.
(Today, someone called on his/her cell phone when I was picking up my vehicle: they were driving on a highway they didn't know which one it was, didn't know which side of town they were on, and wanted directions...and the Bruce Sher employee was the epitome of professionalism and help...even ending the conversation with "I'm sorry, but we don't perform warranty maintanance on Volkswagons".
LOL.
Stoopit Peeps, and the employee was a TOTAL professional.
)  In an industry devoid of trust, this is one business that has earned mine (with that one exception).
Details ad nauseum: oil change, brake inspection/repairs, tire sales and service (especially for those pesky flat tires that are far too regular for my liking here in Las Vegas).
Moderately competitive prices on scheduled maintenance.
I drive an American-made car...which helps I guess.

Staff was friendly.
Was promised an estimated time of around 45 minutes to complete my wheel balancing and tire rotation on my car.
I waited for almost two hours in the end.
The technician called me into the service area to show me that my treads were running low and that he recommended we replace all four tires.
He was quite correct in his assessment of the tread wear on my tires but after considering my available time schedule, and his quoted price, I opted to  just do the balancing and rotation.
The tire replacement quote was in my opinion slightly on the pricey side.
Another customer and I rolled our eyes at each other as we overheard another customer being quoted for unexpected repairs to her water pump.
It sounded definitely a bit on the high end side.
This customer with whom I shared a brief conversation in the waiting area also felt that the quote he got was somewhat high side and even commented to me, out of earshot of the store assistants of course, that he would not be returning here because of the pricey charges.
I have to say that I agree with him.
All this being said, the balancing and rotation was done well on my car; they even took my car for a drive around the block to ensure that the steering shudder I had before was gone.
In my experience at least, technicians doing balancing on my wheels usually simply trust that the tires are balanced when the computer says they are.
Taking the car for a test drive to confirm it was done properly was going the extra 100yds I'd say.
Overall my opinion is that I think they do good work, at least from the little experience I had with them.
They are a little bit pricey though.
Would I return?
Probably not, I would look for other more cost effective stores.
Would I recommend them to someone?
In a pinch, perhaps yes, but only in a pinch - if you have the luxury of choice, I'd phone around and get quotes over the phone to see if there are not other alternatives.

I've used Bruce Shrer's Goodyear at The Meadows Mall several times for oil changes and minor maintenance when I haven't had time to do them myself.
The work they have done for me has always been done well, their prices are reasonable and the work has been completed when they said it would be.
They normally have coupons in the paper and in mailers for oil changes and brake work that are worth taking advantage of.
One big advantage this location has over other repair shops is it proximity to the mall.
Instead of sitting in a waiting room you can go shopping.

