Fantastic service, communication, and results.
I was almost glad that some clown hit me.
I'll use again but I hope that I don't have to!

Definitely UNRELIABLE...
They projected a two-day repair, but ended up keeping my car much longer--four days--for a simple rear bumper replacement.
Also, they told me that they would call me when they receive the parts, but never kept that promise, either.
They do not call you with updates, either, although they promise that as well.
Communication is horrible and reaching your estimator is difficult, as they are always away from their desks and they don't call you back if and when you leave voice messages.
They work with Hertz and Enterprise for rental.
I chose Hertz and regret that big time, too!
Long story short, having to work with these guys was a painful experience for me on top of getting my car hit in a parking lot!
I do NOT recommend Collision Authority under any circumstance!

David shows great customer service!
Very good experience for an accident i had nothing to do with!!
A girl backed into me in a parking lot...
Thanks Collision Authority!

My boyfriend used to be a bodyman and when my company car got hit I wanted him to fix it.
The company my car is leased through wouldn't allow that and had me take it to Collision Authority.
I didn't know why they decided on this shop but I am glad they did.
They fixed it quickly.
Better yet my boyfriend says that if he didn't know where it had been hit he wouldn't have been able to tell.
It is just a company car but I try to take good care of it and keep it nice.
Thanks Collision Authority.

My experience with them was terrible.
Went to the dealer after a bumper incident.
They said I really needed a body shop and referred me here since they handle the dealership work (Mazda).
Drove over - guy was as nice as could be - gave me a full rundown and all my options.
Left with a $900+ estimate.
Told him I would get back with him.
Next day I called and left a message, got no return call.
So I emailed - he did reply to my email and said he would get the ball rolling (ordering parts) and would get back to me about dropping my car off.
Never heard from him again.
Emailed him again and never got a reply.
So basically I contacted him 3 times and only got 1 response.
I'm not going to beg you people to take my money.
I went somewhere else and got another estimate for about 55% of theirs - comparing the estimates it was the EXACT same parts and estimated hours of labor.
Obviously its your choice where you take your car, but I would proceed with caution here.
They left me feeling they couldn't be trusted.

Unfortunately my Vito (my cars name) was hit by a driver who fell asleep at the wheel while he was parked at 4:00 a.m.
I was really sad and had to find an auto body shop quick.
I checked out all of the reviews and settled for Collision Authority.
Working a 9-5 job can be tricky because a lot of establishments also have the same hours.
They were nice enough  to send me all of my paperwork via email so that I wouldn't have to drive like a maniac to get to them on time.
On the paperwork, they ask how often you would like to be contacted.
I asked to be contacted every few days and that did not happen, I had to call in for my updates, that is why I'm knocking down a star.
Other than that, they had great customer service.
Always very polite and courteous.
Again, I really liked that they allowed me to handle everything via email.
In the end my Vito was declared a total loss but if I ever have to go to another body shop (knock on wood), I will definitely be coming back here.

I'm with Leo A below.
My dealership referred me to this miserable excuse for a business to get my relatively MINOR scratches down the right side repaired (my garage =1/ car =0).
Let me preface this by saying I rely heavily on my vehicle for work - both my husband and I do so being down to one car was quite painful.
I dropped the car off on a Monday (11/11) and Matt told me it should be done by Friday (5 days, really??
) but there was a chance it could be the following Monday.
After not hearing ANYTHING out of them all day Friday, I called late Friday afternoon and Matt told me "they're finishing buffing out the car but I don't think there's enough time to reassemble it".
In other words, it would be Monday before I got the car.
Fast forward to Monday afternoon - NO communication yet again.
I had to call to get the status.
Funny thing, it still was not done.
Seems a part "broke" when the tech was reassembling the car and they're calling all over trying to find one.
Turns out they could not find one and had to get it overnighted.
Since it was already late in the day, it would be Wednesday before the car was done.
I told Matt that I HAD to have the car on Wednesday as we were heading out of town, no exceptions.
But seriously, 2 more days because YOUR tech broke a part!
Fast forward to Wednesday.
Again, it will NOT surprise that I heard NOTHING out of them all day.
At 5 pm, I call AGAIN, to get the status.
Would you believe (yes I'm sure you would at this point) that I am told "I've been waiting all day for the part to get here and it just arrived" and that my car will be ready Thursday during the day.
You can imagine I LOST IT and told Matt there was no excuse for this and I had to have a car, period.
(We were driving to CA & coming back Sunday and could not take or other car).
He said, "well I guess we'll have to put you in a rental car then if that's what I have to do" and told me to go to Hertz to pick one up.
Imagine how pissed I was at this point.
Even the people at Hertz commented that Collision Authority NEVER has cars ready when they say they will be.
(Hindsight is 20/20!
)  So, I got the rental car (a Chrysler 200).
Imagine how happy we were to be driving this low sitting 4 cylinder 'go-cart' across the desert when I have an SUV!
Again, NO communication while we were gone for a few days - funny that Matt never thought to call me on "Thursday" when the car was supposedly ready.
Fast forward to Monday (now 2 full weeks later).
I FINALLY got a call from them as opposed to me calling for an update.
The call came in around 2pm where Matt "just wanted to confirm that your car IS ready, it was ready Thursday but I didn't bother you since you were not around".
WHATEVER!
I told him I would be there later in the afternoon - and you KNOW I didn't return the rental car until I was SURE my car was done!
GUESS WHAT???????
MY EFFING CAR WAS NOT DONE!
I walked around the vehicle before walking inside to settle up with Matt, and boy am I glad I did!
They were supposed to have repainted the side mirror on the car (which also had paint scratches), and it had NOT been touched at all - it was the same as when I dropped the car off.
Seriously!??
Do you NOT Q/C your work before you tell a customer it's (FINALLY) ready after 2 weeks!??
I walked in and Matt asked "how I was".
I told him NOT HAPPY and that the mirror had not been touched.
He just looked at me and asked if I still had the rental car ("yes, I'm not returning it until I KNOW I have my car back").
He simply said "Keep it.
"   Not an apology, not a "crap, are you kidding me"...He said NOTHING!!!
I was beyond LIVID and all I could say was "You guys really screwed up here, there is NO excuse you could give me to explain away all this".
You know his response?
"I know".
That's it!!!!
I asked him if there was any chance it would be done the next day (Tuesday 11/26) and he said they would get started on it now.
I have ZERO faith that it will be done today, and done correctly.
They damned well better compensate me (reduce the bill) for all this nonsense.
They have now had my vehicle OVER ONE FULL WEEK (8 days) longer than they should have.
***Avoid this business like the plague!!!!
*** I cannot recommend nor give you anything positive about this place.
If my experience is not enough to convince you, I don't know what good true reviews are.
And for the record, I WILL be writing letters to the manager of this location and to whomever I need to at the dealership - they need to know what kind of service they're referring people to!
Follow up: My car WAS ready - and Matt refused to discount my bill saying "Well, we did pay for your rental car"...HELLO?
Necessary because YOU screwed up!
And for the record one of my trim pieces is not on correctly so I'll have to go back AGAIN to get it taken care of.
Imagine my joy at that thought.

