Avoid at all costs.
The dining experience couldn't have gotten much worse, save a hair or bug in the food, here at Steiner's.
From very mediocre food (of course they ran out of their nightly special, as well) to completely neglectful service (yes, you, blond pony tail girl!
), this was completely unpleasant.
Decided to give our neighborhood Steiner's a try instead of the go-to, always reliable, always delicious,  always friendly Roadrunner.
Major mistake.
Steiner's is crossed off the list.
Let me save you the trouble of finding out for yourself.
:( Should have a 0-star option.

Great food and excellent service.
Definitely a perfect spot for Monday night Football because they have tons of specials and drawings.
Try the French Dip and all of their soups.
Kobe Burger is phenominal as well.

Awesome Bar Food!!!

This visit was hit and miss.
The service was very good but the food was inconsistent.
The Orleans chicken sandwich was nice, but the Reuben was drowning in mustard.
Even after scraping off what I could, it was overwhelming.
Unfortunate, because in moderation, it would have been pretty good.
I liked the Brew City fries.

I enjoy coming in here and having a Beer or two or three with friends.
Sometimes I bring my family along....but that's only for food.
One of my favorite dishes here is the Kobe Burger.
It's a must try if you're a fan of Burgers.
Overall, it's a good time but it's not a place we come to very often.
Will I return?
I'm sure I will.

I've been going here for a while now.
My mom lives up the street from this location and I usually make a stop here on each trip to see her.
Over the years, the service, quality and selection has been going downhill.
It is still probably better than a lot of places, but not as great as it once was.
Fish and Chips are usually my standby or maybe one of their salads.
They used to have a dozen degrees of hotness for their chicken wings, but the last few times in, their menu didn't indicate it.
Onion rings are generally good, as long as you get them freshly made.
They do have pretty good beer selection, plus they have specials all the time.
Overall, it's decent place to grab some food, maybe watch a game or have a beer.

Went to Steiner's last week and had a blast!
Great service, prices and it was nice to be in a pub that had a lot of friendly people.
I used to frequent 'that other bar down the street' but their service has gone to he**.
Steiners is my new local pub (especially since I live just down the street.
)  Keep up the good service!
Kris

The food is great!
Lots of variety in the beer selection, however it sorely needs an update!
10 years ago this would have been an amazing selection.
Outside if that, the atmosphere is good which makes me want to stay.
At least one late night bar tender however, is overly opinionated and thinks she is a know it all which makes me want to leave!
The copper tables smell and need to go or be re-coated.
Come on Steiners!
Just a little refresher and I'd be here every night!!

I used to live close to this location and ate here all the time.
WOW!!!
It is a foodie's paradise disguised as a little bar!
Best burgers in town, especially the Trojan burger!
Delicious fries, chili, chicken fingers, salads...don't think I've ever gotten anything that wasn't amazing!
Spot on flavor with comfort that delivers!

i like this place, but it is a little pricey for bar food.
The salads and burgers are all excellent.

We hadn't been here in a long time, but went for dinner last Sunday.
The menu is different from the way it was.
My husband was disappointed to see that his favorite chicken dish was no longer on the menu, which seems to have fewer entrees and more sandwich choices than before.
I was happy to see that the Sunday special was a salad with shrimp and mango, with banana bread croutons, with a "lemony vinaigrette.
"  It was supposed to be served over field greens, but the waiter said it was no problem to change that to romaine.
So far, so good.
My salad was served with the dressing on the side, the way I'd asked.
But when I started to dig in, I realized that it was also in the salad!
The waiter said it was the kitchen's mistake, but who knows?
I didn't want to wait for another, since we'd waited a long time to be served, so I kept it.
I shouldn't have.
The shrimp were totally overcooked and dried out.
The mango was completely unripe.
And I was halfway through before I realized that the kitchen left off the banana bread croutons, too.
What should have been delicious was a total abomination.
Hubby ordered Chicken Picatta, and he liked it a lot.
It was hubby's birthday (which we'll celebrate in a bigger way next week), so on my way to the ladies' room I asked the waiter to bring him their special dessert at the end:  vanilla ice cream with dark chocolate syrup, and banana bread biscotti.
Mmmm, it sounded good, and they brought it out with a birthday candle ablaze.
I sampled it and realized that those biscotti were probably the basis of the missing croutons, and I wasn't missing anything!
They were inedible.
I was already home when I realized that the dark chocolate syrup had been left out, too!
They comped us on the dessert, so I really shouldn't complain, but somebody needs to be drug-testing the kitchen staff.
Just too many lapses for comfort.
If it weren't for the decent service and my husband's enjoyment of his meal, I wouldn't have given this the rating I did.

2-for-1 happy hour and a delish Reuben in a friendly atmosphere.
What's not to like?!
it's a good place for lunch or a simple dinner.

Steiners is a solid place to grab good bar food.
Its better than your typical bar menu and has a large selection of all types of food.
Burgers are a specialty here and seem to get my attention most of the time.
Had a big Bacon Burger and it was everything a bacon burger should be!
I would recommend this to anyone looking for a bigger than average selection of food!

Was a member of Steiner Club Card getting points for dollars when my family would eat there especially on Wednesdays with their $6.00 Hamburger and fries special where a family of.
4 can afford.
But no more they changed their policy that you have to be 21 or older to eat there just so they can allow smoking.
With a 14 and 17 year old we were kicked out last week.
I argued with the owner that he,ll lose family business and he didn,t care.
So the coupons and points I have are now useless and Steiner's advertises in Entertainment.com with a coupon doesn,t state age requirement.
I notified Entertainment.com of Steiner's new policy and they should add age requirement to ad so some families can save gas and go someplace else.
They should be boycotted unless you like smoke with your food.

I'm a big fan of this place.
Their happy hour is amazingly cheap, the service is pleasant, and the food always hits the spot when I want bar food or a hearty breakfast.
There are a couple of locations in my neighborhood, and the food, atmosphere and drinks are consistent between the two.

Another routine place I go to for lunch/dinners.
They have the best bar food in Vegas hands down!
unless there's another bar I don't know about!
If there is please let me know!
Back to the review... Steiners have excellent franch fries, rueben, mirage burger, wings to name a few

Oh Steiner's, what a wonderful place to grub and grab a few beers!
I can't say that I have ever had a bad experience here before, been about 6 times.
I have sat at both the booth for lunch and the bar for drinks; both offered great service.
I started going to another pub across the street because they had golden tee, but the service there became awful (the bartender).
So, I started going back here and I have to say, SO GLAD that I did.
The food is much better and the bartenders' actually carry on a conversation with you.
Furthermore, I have yet to come across any pig-headed guys or crazy chicks, all the patrons are fun, easy-going customers.
If you're ever near this Steiner's and craving a drink, food, or both- stop in and give them a try.
You won't be disappointed!

Food will take a while to get to you, the bus boys take better care of you then the waiters, and that's who deserves the entire tip.
If you sit on the left side of the dining area, by the door, the table tops smell like Copper and you'll forever have that smell while you eat, making the food not so enjoyable.

cool bar atmosphere.. they usually have beer specials and TVS to watch the games.

My last 2 visits has been very disappointing.
My husband and I use to love and come for lunch and have a few beers, Snakebites are our drink of choice.
Lately their beer selection has diminished.
To bad you use to be a favorite, unfortunately not anymore.

Always a fan of Steiner's.
Had my first visit at this location just recently, but have been to the other location off Las Vegas Blvd at least 15+ times.
The LV Blvd location actually recommended that I try this one.
So, here I am.
As soon as I walk in I immediately noticed one thing.
This place is built and layed out exactly like the LV Blvd location.
Felt like I was in the Twilight Zone for a minute.
Service here is just as good as the south location, which means great service.
I ate at the bar where service is always good since you have a bartender there.
Food was just as good and you can't go wrong with their Kobe anything.
Like the other Steiner's, it's a little dark inside.
Like other pubs, the air inside can be a little smokey.
These are the things I notice now that I no longer smoke.
But I can't complain since it's a pub in Vegas.
One difference between Steiner's and other pubs has to be their food selection.
There's enough of a variety for everyone.

I come here on Saturday and Sunday.
Sunday being the busiest day due to the football games.
Mandy, the bartender on shift on Sat and Sun is by far one of the kindest, most hard working, knowledgable and funny bartenders in town.
She's honest and attentive, and she works her butt off!
Her memory for what you like and ordered previously is outstanding!
It's the service I come here for even though the food is good too.
There are several bars in the area to choose from and i come to this one because of the service I get.
She takes care of everyone at the bar with what looks like ease.
She really does make it look easy, but I know she works so hard because it matters to her.
She likes her job and she loves people.
I just wanted to give her the Kudos she deserves and I hope her employer knows how lucky they are to have her here.
You do a great job Mandy, and I know I'm not the only regular customer that thinks so!
Come to this Steiner's, sit at the bar and get great service!

Good bar food, but nothing special.
The service is lacking and you will sit for a long time with an empty glass.
Especially if you are having a nonalcoholic drink, us soda drinkers just don't get the same service as the boozers.
The French dip is really yummy though.
They also have great French fries.

We love this place.
My parents took us there just after we moved here to Las Vegas and we have been totally hooked!
We are there at least 2 times a week and we take all of our guest from out of town there!
GREAT Service the food is AWESOME and it is  a "comfy" place to hang out!
5 stars and 2 thumbs up from us!

I came to Steiner's last week becasue I wanted a Reuben and I saw theirs was recommended.
Little did I know that I was coming on the same night as the NBA finals last game.
I don't follow hoops.
So I was kind of frustrated when they switched the channels from a baseball game and a hockey game I was watching in favor of the NBA finals.
How dare they!
But nobody else seemed to mind so oviously I was in the minority.
Regardless, I was here for a sandwich.
Not sports.
And a sandwich I got.
It was not the kind of Reuben I was craving.
The sliced thin and stacked tall beef with cheese, sauerkraut and dressing like at Jason's Deli.
It was thicker sliced beef and not stacked as high as I wanted.
Still, this was a good sandwich.
Great flavor.
Plenty filling.
Dry rye bread with just the right amount of dressing to help it down the gullet.
Actually more cheesey than what I had wanted.
And that is not a bad thing.
Cheese is good friend of mine.
Although this was not what I had pictured in my mind,  I did not leave disappointed.
And that is a win in my book.
Also, the coleslaw on the side was respectable.
Not the best slaw I've had but nothing to scoff at.
Service was also commendable.
I was seen by at least four people.
One who took my drink order.
One who took my food order.
One who brought my food to the table.
And one who removed my empty plate.
They were mostly quick to my table.
And friendly.
This surprised me given how busy the place was on this final night of the NBA season.
Kudos to Steiner's for a job well done from a belly well fed.

Excellent Bar staff, great food, and reasonable prices.
A big time favorite of mine!

Great time there my friend heather had a killer club sandwich and i had the kobe sliders on hawaiian rolls.
Dam Good.
Also our waitress Cory was great, awesome smile and attitude and service..
Thank you

The food is wonderful, some of the better dishes I've ever had.
But months or a year ago they stopped letting anyone under 21 into the restaurant, so I no longer go because I don't want my son to feel left out.
Great food, bad management

Always been FAN of any of the Steiners locations.
I generally go too the Buffalo location but mixed it up this time going too the Cheyenne location.
Lot of reasons am fan of Steiners not only cause of the food, Best Happy Hour in Vegas, tons of television for sports entertainment, great service, and one of the few sports bars non casino has the NHL package.
Just for the NHL package worth star all its own.
I came for some Thursday night football with my roommate and some NHL games (specifically see my roommates Rangers).
I surprise packed the place was considering was Thursday.
Not sure if always that busy cause we barely found spot at the bar too hang out.
MLB playoffs going on, NFL, College football, and NHL full night of sports on.
More into the drinking mood.
We did get HUGE pretzel too munch on with our beers.
It was pretty good!
The presentation is one of those WOW just because of the size of it.
The pretzel was nice moist, hot, and warm from the first piece break off.
Choosing the best way take it down that story for another time.
It came with three different dipping sauces.
Whole grain, honey mustard, and darker one (really out of the three least favorite; not distinct flavor, looked burnt, not very good).
I have had food here before mostly the sandwiches and really not had bad one.
The beer selection is Huge its whole another menu by itself.
The best part is Happy Hour ALL THE DRINKS  are two for one whether big or smaller draft or even bottle beers.
It covers the world from micro brews both coasts, craft beers from all over the world, ciders they have vast selection too choose from, and always adding new ones so am sure there beer for any beer lover!
Me!
Me!
Happy Hours 5-7.
Sports bar this is the place just cause the way they have the televisions set up from the ones above the bar area.
This area like best in the middle of the restaurant (same set up as the others) row of bar stools, bar tables, and on one side decent size widescreen main games on and both sides smaller televisions.
Look at the other side up in the corner two more smaller television.
Most part different game going on all of them.
Depending busy you can ask them change the games.
Your own personnel sportsbook!!
NHL package just like the NHL is game that not everyone fan of.
I love HOCKEY.
Few bars that every year gets the NHL package.
If looking for favorite NHL team this is the bar too hang out at.
Promotions they always have something going on.
I never knew but NFL games they give out free shots evert touchdown.. Sure its free taste ok but catch nice high scoring game some of the best free shots!
Service never had bad one.
Servers are attentive, usually come for HH make sure remind you get that last HH order in whether fill or not, and managers there very much present checking up on guests really on it.

As a last-minute decision this was a fantastic place for a late-night food fix.
The staff was friendly and the food was fresh, delicious and quite filling.
I highly recommend the Venetian chicken sandwich with the Vegas Chip fries.

Steiners has delicious food and is convenient to our house, so we go there every once in awhile.
I really enjoy sitting at the party bar (which is like a large table where strangers eat communally) when the company is good.
We have always had great service there regardless of fine in or carry out.
I have them 3 stars because while their drinks are priced reasonably, I feel their food is slightly overpriced.
Every time we get the bill we feel that we didn't eat that much.

My salmon is so over cooked I have use a knife to cut it, mashed potatoes are dry and crumbly.
Bad bar food.

Great food and beer but more importantly the bartenders all have great personalities.
Cheralynn is the best entertainment in town!

Always good.
Tonight on impulse walked there and back on a crowded Friday.
Won about $80 for $20  on machine at bar.
Not bad, even if my sandwich was no good.

I love the Burgers here!!!
always a favorite for friends looking for a late night stop!
Awesome Fires...

They have a different soup every day which are always fantastic.
There salads are incredible.
Service feels like family.
Our go to lunch spot for work lunches!

The place is hit or miss depending on which bartender you get.
They have some really good ones, but they also have at least 1 really bad one.
I won't name names but I wouldn't recommend the place on certain nights of the week.

Steiner's calls itself a "Nevada-style pub.
" But this food is so good that it would work well anywhere.
I have been here a half-dozen times, and I always get the same thing: a small order of the Mediterranean salad with lamb chops.
It's basically a souped-up Greek salad topped with three grilled lamb chops.
But, man, are those lamb chops tasty!
And although you can order the chops by themselves as an appetizer, I think it's a better deal to get them as part of a salad.
My husband had the Cobb salad; the full order was huge, but he nearly ate it all.
We each had a large draft beer (Miller Lite for him, and Blue Moon Belgian White for me), and if you're just there to drink, you can't go wrong with their extensive beer menu.
It looks like they have a pretty good happy hour, too, and I know several people who like to play video poker here and at the sister location down the street.
It's funny I don't come to Steiner's more often; maybe that's because it's not that close to my house, so it's not in the front of my mind.
But I like this place well enough that I'm going to try to remember to stop in next time I'm in the mood for some good bar food.
And maybe next time I'll try something else off the menu: a burger, perhaps.
Or maybe the Cuban sandwich... (Naw.
Why mess with a good thing?
See you later, lamb chops!

I normally come every Sunday during football season.
Today was a spur of the moment decision.
Sat down to my favorite Asian bartender in the US.
She recommend the wings which were phenomenal.
Also ordered the Kobe burger.
Took it home, opened the box and found two ROTTEN tomatoes which smelled worse than organic fertilizer and just as mushy.
Took it back to get a new one, where I was told it was normal for that kind of tomato to smell, look, and feel like a decomposed body.
This asst manager clearly has no idea what food or customer service looks like.
Luckily the GM was there to smooth things over.
If it weren't for my bartender, I would never set foot back in this place again.

We have been regulars at Steiner's for several months now, but last night killed it for us.
After waiting until after 7PM so that we could sit at the bar (my wife broke her back as a kid and needs a chair with support), we sat and ordered dinner.
We had already been there an hour when the bartender informed us that we had to move because someone wanted to play the video poker game I was seated at.
Instead of telling this other person to wait for a bit, they caved when she said that we weren't playing and shouldn't be sitting there.
This is poor customer service.
While we love the staff there, and will miss them, we will not be back because it is obvious that gambling revenues are more important than the clientele.

I've been to this bar a few times now.
The location is super convenient, which is an absolute plus.
The service here though is absolutely terrible.
I walked into meet a few friends, where I sat at an almost empty bar for a good 20 to 30 minutes waiting to be greeted.
That means no drink either.
Not only were we ignored practically the whole time we were sitting at the bar, we were treated like crap when Cheryl was finally offered us her terrible service.
Especially when were playing $200 bucks at a single machine.
Working in the industry, it's unacceptable.
I'll game and drink next door at putters from this point forward.
If you're not a regular under cheryl's schedule.. don't come to this bar.
Not worth your time or money.

It's Friday 5:00pm-- where should I go to get my happy hour fix?
Came here straight from work after a looooong week!
I heard about their 2 for 1 drinks and had to check it out.
They have a crazy amount of beer selection!
I'm not much of a beer drinker but I do like trying fruity ciders or ales.
Decided on blackberry cider ($5) and pear cider ($4).
It's 2 for 1 so basically we got 4 beers for $9.
That is a steal!
It's pretty much a beer lovers heaven.
During happy hour appetizers are either $3, $6, or $9!
So for Food-- I decided on the steak nachos ($6).
These were pretty damn creative.
On top of each tortilla chip is all the ingredients in nachos and the cheese was melted on top surrounding all the ingredients.
So it wasn't messy like nachos usually is.
You just pick up the chip and eat it.
Of course the portion isn't as big as they usually are but it still filled me up.
The beau got the chicken wings with fries ($6).
Pretty good.
I liked how the wings were just the right amount of hot.
The fries stood out to me.
It was crispy and seasoned just right.
They weren't just regular ol' fries you find at a bar.
Atmosphere is pretty laid back.
There's bunch of TVs for the games.
It was pretty packed when I got here but our server, Jose, did a good job checking on us.

Great bar & good service .
Stop in on grave every once in a while ...
Always a good time !

Had nachos.
Were really good but portion was small.
Beer was cold but not cold enough.
Service was good.
Atmosphere was good.
It's close to home so I will go back.
The best part was the chocolate molten lava cake for dessert.
It was extremely good.
Must try dessert.

