Wonderful pastas and wines with a view of Lake Las Vegas, their version of the Ponte Vecchio and gondolas.
Lovely place for lunch.
Great service with charming waiters.

OK- I hate to write a negative review, especially at a place I've only dined once.
Maybe they were having an off day.
Maybe their chef died and they brought the janitor to fill in (no disrespect to janitors!).
I don't know what happened, but I do know that it was one of the worst meals I've ever had!
My friend and I both had panini sandwiches; his was sausage and peppers, mine was chicken with some sort of cheese.
The sausage wasn't great, the peppers almost tasteless, and neither sandwich was made on a panini press.
Someone took an Italian roll (not a very tasty one either) put grill marks on the top and stuffed the appropriate filling inside.
Not a panini!!
The sandwiches gave new meaning to dry and tasteless.
But what really makes me write this review is the so called tortellini soup.
Just looking at it, I knew it wasn't soup.
The broth was a translucent gray with green stuff floating in it.
I was being served tortellini pasta water with pesto dropped on top!
The people involved in this restaurant should truly be ashamed to serve this so called food.
The restaurant is in a nice place- get someone who can cook a decent meal, preferably, someone with taste buds.

Nice little spot in Lake Las Vegas.
If you eat outside, you get a good view of the man-made lake.
In that sense, it's no better than dining in front of the jungle ride at Disneyland, but gorgeous nonetheless.
As for the food, I ordered the Risotto Pescadore.
It was delicious and contained a generous helping of the seafood items (clams, mussels, shrimp, octopus, and various fish).
The restaurant is a little on the pricey side, but if you factor in the outdoor atmosphere and the lakeside view, it's really not bad at all.

Outstanding!
Exceptional, homemade Italian cusine in a great setting.
I felt like I was actually in someone's kitchen in Italy.
Will certainly return.

Finally!!!
An Italian restaurant worth raving about that is excellent in food and price.
My husband had been here before, last spring with my mother-in-law (who's Italian, born and raised in Italy).
She enjoyed the atmosphere, the food, and the conversation with the waiter who was also Italian.
My hubby finally had a chance today to take me there and it was worth it.
Food- I had the penne alle vodka w/.
shrimp.
It was amazing!
The pasta cooked perfectly and same with the shrimp.
The sauce was flavorful and not too heavy for a 90 degree day.
My hubby had the linguine with shrimp and tomatoes.
It was delicious as well and light.
The bread was served warm and was yummy.
Portions- Portions were perfect size.
Not too big where you need a doggie bag but not too small where you are still hungry.
I walked away with enough room for a scoop of gelati across the street (Tutti Gelati is as close to authentic gelati as I have tasted since moving to LV other than Espressamente illy at the Palazzo).
Cappucino- this may sound silly but the way you can tell a good cappucino is by the foam.
When you pour your sugar on it, and it doesn't collapse, that is a sign of a good cup.
And my cappucino was yummy.
Made with LavAzza, a brand I use myself and used alot in Italy (along with illy brand).
Ambiance- it was great.
We sat outside on the patio under the shade and enjoyed the view of the lake.
Our waiter was very nice and we later discovered from outside of Roma.
I wonder if he's the same person from last spring.
Price- Just right for quality Italian food.
Lunch for two (plus the cappucino and a bottle aqua frizzante), it came to $40 excluding tip.
This to me is pretty good considering everything.
I highly recommend people go to this restaurant as well as the Lake.
Granted it was a 25/30 minute drive for us but we will definitely be back.
Can't believe this place was kept from me for so long!

Lovely location in the Village at Lake Las Vegas, currently with a view of the kids and tweens enjoying Ice Skating on The Lake (which lasts thru Valentine's Day).
One star for location.
Patio dining is wonderful, weather permitting, and on this Sunday before MLK Day, the weather was terrific.
So another star for the lovely patio where smoking is allowed ...
Thank you Luna Rossa.
Unfortunately, we ordered from their Sunday Brunch menu ... which is apparently NOT where this kitchen shines.
We shared a plate of pancakes (no sugar-free syrup - booooo), which were thin, dense and had a pasty consistency.
We also each ordered an omelet ...
I had the Italiano with Italian sausage, mozzarella cheese and marinara sauce.
Again, the term "light and fluffy" proved not to be in the chef's vocabulary.
My omelet was overcooked and dense, no fluffiness in sight.
No evidence of mozzarella either ...
I think it may have been mixed in with the eggs, but this cheese addict was looking forward to stretchy, gooey delicious cheese snuggled amongst the sausage ... but sadly, it was not to be.
Topped with only about 2 tablespoons of marinara (which was yummy), so I had to ask for more and when we checked on its ETA, was told they had to heat it up.
Really?
An Italian restaurant that doesn't have a bubbling pot of marinara on the stove 24/7?
Very odd.
My date had the Lago Omelette (ham, swiss, mushrooms), which looked overcooked to me, but he said it was good.
The "hash browns" served with our omelets appeared to be those frozen squares purchased at Smith's.
Blecchhh!
Toast arrived cold and sans butter.
I am always a little bummed out when I get cold toast on which butter will not melt.
It is just so much less appetizing to eat cold dry bread with butter that just sits on top mocking me with every bite.
Icky.
No stars for the Sunday Brunch, but I will award a final star for the amazing Lavazza coffee served.
The mimosa that came with brunch and the Lavazza coffee at the end, were the best parts of this meal.
Service was just okay.
Didn't impress or annoy to any degree.
I may give Luna Rossa another chance to wow me with their regular menu ... but I cannot recommend this place as an option for Sunday Brunch.

A last minute Sunday night decision on where to eat turned out to be a delightful dinner.
We grabbed another couple and decided just to try a different pizza place.
I did a UrbanSpoon search and found some good reviews out in Lake Las Vegas.
There house wines were great and reasonably priced and we could of made a meal on their soup.
Some combination of a bunch of vegetables, but really tasty.
Never did end up with a pizza, cause their specials sounded delicious and they were.
Take the ride.
Worth it.
Oh yeah, Migel, our waiter...long pony tail and a fabulous personality.

Wow a lot of people out there seem to really like this place.
On the other hand, I though my meal there was horrible.
Me and a group of friends were staying at a hotel across the lake for a friends' wedding and wanted to get some food the night before the wedding.
I got the spaghetti pescatora and my friends got the paghetti and meatballs, risotto al funghi, and salamone allacento balsamico.
All of the above were plain bad (I've been to Italy 3 times and I know what good Italian food tastes like).
Although I doubt I'll ever have a reason to return to the hotel resort, if I do I certaily stay away from Luna Rossa!

Had dinner here on a Friday night during a staycation with the bf at Lake Las Vegas.
There are a small amount of restaurants, but there's variety.
We decided on Italian and ended up here at Luna Rossa.
The location of the restaurant is lovely, very close to the lake, providing a great view from their patio.
I also really enjoyed the cozy atmosphere.
I would give the food about a 3.5.
The standard bread starter was...standard.
Our calamari appetizer had a very nicely seasoned, crispy breading.
The bf's spaghetti and clams came in a flavorful white wine broth.
I went with the spaghetti and lobster, which I was kind of hesitant about because I don't like gambling on the amount of lobster that comes in the dish.
Luna Rossa did not disappoint!
There was a whole lobster tail full of meat, and the shell was used in the plating.
Each bite of pasta was accompanied by a buttery chunk of lobster tail.
Mmmm.
For dessert, we had Lavazza coffee, creme brulee and cannoli.
All were decent.
I decided to bump up the rating for the great service we got, especially our server, who turned out to be the owner.
We did not know he was the owner until the end of our dinner.
There was some miscommunication and he thought we needed a hotel room at Ravella.
He offered to make a call to get us a special low rate.
Too bad, we already had a room.
I like to help out family owned businesses.
His family also owns the Black Pepper Grill also in the village.
And yes, this is the same Black Pepper Grill that used to be on Eastern.
So if you find yourself at Lake Las Vegas and are in the mood for Italian, Luna Rossa would be a fine choice.

First time to Lake Las Vegas.
It was very nice there.
Jazz playing down by the lake and alot of people.
We went to Luna Rossa for our anniversary dinner and it did not dissapoint.
Waited a few minutes to be seated.The place was crowded and we did not have a reservation.
They set a table up and seated us.
We had the following: Apps- Bruschetta and Calamari   -Large pieces of calamari with a side of marinara.
Very tasty.
the Bruschetta was also good.
-Main Coarse- I had the lasagna and my wife had the Veal Piccatta.
I enjoyed the lasagna with the hint of bechamel sauce.
Would order again if there wasn't so many other items i wanted to try.
The Veal was tender and the sauce was perfect.
Cant wait to go back and try the other dishes and their Pizza!

the best pizza i've ever eat.

Had a horrible meal here last night on 9-19-11 for my Wife's birthday.
It was a busy night with Jazz and fireworks at Lake Las Vegas, but the hostess was helpful and found a seat for fairly quickly.
That was the end of the pros for the evening.
We were greeted by a waiter after 15 to 20 minutes, ordered a glass of wine, a lemonade and a glass of water for my daughter.
The wine and lemonade came out relatively quickly, 20 more minutes before we saw the water.
Ordered a meal, with appetizer (Caprese), a salad and two entrees.
The appetizer and salad came out at the same time, Appetizer was bland, salad was great.
Then another 20 - 30 minute wait and only one of the entrees arrived.
It was PENNE AL SALMONE AFFUMICATO  (Small tube pasta with smoked salmon, peas and shallots in a vodka pink sauce) - which came out more like macaroni and cheese over penne with smoked salmon mixed in.... underwhelming.
My daughter ordered SPAGHETTI AL POMODORO (Spaghetti pasta, garlic, basil and tomato sauce), we will never know how it was because it never came.
We all ended up sharing one entree, and despite asking the waiter several times, they just couldn't deliver.
Drinks remained empty after delivered and we were never asked for another round, top off the water etc.
Overall the worst service I've experienced and disappointing food.
I'll not be back.
The price for all this out the door (1 wine, 1 lemonade, 1 appetizer, and 1 entree) $60!
Felt like I was robbed of a good  evening and half my wallet

Came here with my company during an event we held at the nearby Ravella.
We liked it so much that we came back twice in the 5 days we were there.
First of all, our waiter was very nice and very helpful, suggesting items on the menu that ended up being great.
I had the Chicken Parmigiana and it.
was.
delicious.
In fact, I had a hard time choosing anything else after having that the next time we went.
Now that I think of it, I don't think I did lol.
If I am ever in the area again, I will definitely come back to this place.

I live fairly close to Lake Las Vegas, and have made a point to try to get out there more these days and try the restaurants.
My husband was craving Italian for dinner one recent evening, so we decided to try Luna Rossa.
It was a slightly windy evening but we still decided to sit outside.
The patio area is lovely, with a great view of the lake.
There was a man playing the accordion when we arrived that played some great mood music.
The man that seated us seemed to have some difficult understanding that we did in fact want to sit outside and did not need to order any wine... but our actual waiter was on point for the entire meal.
We started with the bruschetta and my husband also got a bowl of the minestrone soup, which he was kind enough to let me try (so my review would be complete he said, too cute!!).
The bruschetta was excellent, the bread was piled high with fresh tomato and it was full of flavor.
As was the soup, which was full of yummy veggies.
For my main course I went with the risotto al funghi.
My husband had the manicotti.
The chef did not skimp on my mushrooms at all, and the risotto was cooked perfectly.
My husband devoured his manicotti, which is always a good sign.
Is Luna Rossa worth the drive to Lake Las Vegas from the Strip?
I would say no.
The food is good but I wouldn't call it great, and I found the pricing to be a little high.
If you are in the old Henderson area and wanting some good Italian food, this is a worthy spot.

Waited 10 minutes for menu and water.
Didn't help it was 100 degrees outside.
Anytime the server was at our table, he never looked at us once.
He was always looking around at passerby's.
Took our wine list away before we even looked at it, then asked if we wanted drinks.
I politely told him he took our drink menu away so we never had a chance to look at it.
It was very obvious he would be very quick to get an attitude in any situation.
Plus, it was Mother's day and it wasn't a very pleasant customer experience.
But customer service is huge and they easily failed at that.
The food was not very good.
Caprese salad was just "ok" and the calamari was HORRIBLE!!!
Bland and overly chewy.
No flavor.
No one thanked us for dining or wished happy mothers day as we walked out.
Not a very pleasant experience.
We DEFINITELY won't be returning.
Their name shouldn't be Luna Rossa.....it should be Luna Grossa.

Had an event at the Ravella with my company and had a free night, so I decided I'd try out Luna Rossa.
I had the penne with chicken and broccoli and my colleague had the ziti with vodka sauce.
Both were delicious.
Also a big thing for me at restaurants is the bread and it was fantastic, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
Would give it five stars but the server ignored us for quite a while until he came to get our credit card, then he laid it on thick, obviously hoping for a big tip.
He did give us a each a free glass of dessert wine, which was nice.

Recently experienced a Jazz night at the Lake Las Vegas and had a wonderful time.
We found the setting to be quite romantic and picturesque.
So my friend and I decided to go back there and try Luna Rossa.
I ordered tuna carpaccio, it was fresh and tasty.
To continue the seafood theme, I had pappardelle special with lobster and shrimp in saffron sauce...it was heavenly.
Pasta was properly al dente with just the right touch of saffron.
The most surprising and delightful element of our dinner was the manager, Alessandro's attentiveness.
We asked him to recommend a wine to complement our meal.
He recommended Jermann Chardonnay and we took his advice.
And thank god, we took his words.
The combination was perfect.
We had a lot of questions regarding Italian wines and he patiently explained the beauty of each with passion.
He was very attentive throughout our dinner though the place was busy with weekend tourists.
When you have good food accompanied by excellent service, your dinner is elevated to another level.
And that was the experience we had.

Walked in here looking for some good pizza to go.
I said hello and they looked at me like I was crazy.
No hello, no smile noting.
I told them I wanted one small pizza.
They told me it would take 15 minutes.
I said no problem.
I sit at the bar and wait.
Was offered no water.
I had to ask them to give me a glass of water.
It's hot as Hades outside!!!
Give me a glass of water damn it!!
Rude inattentive service.
Never coming here again.

Came here back in January for my wedding anniversary, my husband and I wanted to get away from the busy city and we loved every moment of it, came in and the staff was very friendly and helpful, it was a late Saturday night so there weren't many customers which was great, they had candles lit all over and there was someone playing the piano, I had the chicken and broccoli pasta with sun dried tomatoes, my husband had the lobster ravioli, both were quite appetizing, we had a wonderful experience and we hope we have the same experience this upcoming anniversary, we even went ice skating before we ended the night!

My wife and I stopped in for lunch on a September Sunday after riding the river mountain loop trail and ordered hearty comfort food (sausage sandwich and chicken parmigiana) on the terrace overlooking the little Lake Las Vegas.
The flavors were excellent but the reason I took the trouble to write this review is that the bread on the sausage sandwich was obviously just baked seriously good crust white bread that is common in Europe but rare in Las Vegas, even at Italian restaurants.
I asked the waiter where they bought the bread and he said they make it themselves.
With that king of attention to detail I want to go back and sample some other dishes.

Doesn't get much better than Luna Rossa!
You can sit outside and enjoy the lake, and often live music.
The waiters are just attentive enough and speak Italian (big bonus).
The wine list is impressive.
AND, they are always very accommodating with our vegan choices.

Loved the setting, came out to Lake Las Vegas for a race and arrived late Friday and they were still open.
There was live music playing at the Lake which killed the mood a tad but wasn't so bad.
Checked the menu posted out front, walked in, took a few minutes to be helped.
Everyone working seemed to be appalled I showed up on my own.
Oops?
ordered the PENNE AL POLLO E POMODORO, didn't get bread until my food came out.
Bread was great, pasta was average.
Left right away.
Don't know if I'd come back to this restaurant again in particular but just enjoy the area.

There Pizza was delicious, I thought it was a little pricey for 4 Pizzas with one topping we spent $70.00 The person that took our order, could not speak very good english, in fact he was rude.
I would not recommend this place to eat at all.
Find another restaurant in the Village.

Food was great.
Pianist was great, but felt the need to be really loud at the end of each song.
Became a joke.
Biggest issue: their Creme Brûlée is DEEP.
Not enough burnt top, too much filling.
Big and shallow is the key to Creme Brûlée.
This was too much Creme, not enough brûlée.

Amazing wonderful and perfect.
We asked the server for his recommendation and we were so happy we did.
I had the Luna Rosa Pizza my wife was served one of the homemade pasta dishes.
Vito made the best cappuccino I have ever tasted.
Went for my wife's birthday.
We will be back.

Awful.
Cold food both times i went here and management that does not care.
when paying top dollar you have to get it right.

WORST SERVICE EVER!
I will never eat here again we had the most atrocious waitress of all time.
She was lazy rude snappy and extremely annoyed that we wanted even the smallest things.
The menu is 3 pages with one entire page dedicated to pizza after waiting 30 minutes to order she came and asked us for our order 3 people ordered pizza and she said "no pizza, we to busy to order pizza no no, order something else" then she turned around and walked away.
We were so shocked with her.
Not happy we all ordered pasta after we finally flagged her down again.
20 minutes later the table next to us got a huge pizza delivered to their table.
After every other event that had passed ( spilled water on me, yelling at my husband for not knowing what his dish he ordered look like, etc...) I asked for the manager, he wouldn't come out so I confronted someone else about the pizza  and they basically insinuated there was no pizza on the floor and no one was eating pizza and that I was full of crap.
They refused to fix any problems we had and didn't care about anything.
No one would refill our drinks and she left every dish on the table from all 5 of us throughout dinner.
No one would bus the table and every drink came in a new cup, there was no room anywhere after appetizers and the meals.
IT WAS AWEFUL!!
DON'T EVER VISIT THIS PLACE OR LAKE LAS VEGAS AND STAY AWAY FROM THE FEMALE WAITSTAFF AND THE BARTENDER WHO CALLS PEOPLE LIARS.

For all the poor reviews, I was expecting less than the authentic meal we experienced.
Pros:   Indoor A/C or lakeside alfresco dining.
Service was excellent.
We even received complimentary limoncello when we mentioned our travels to Sorrento and the Amalfi coast.
Live accordion music gave the place a lovely ambiance.
Fresh and light calamari.
Not oily and generous portions.
Great portions of clams and mussels.
Fresh and light gnocchi.
Excellent and various flavors.
Been to too many Italian places that use the same sauce for everything...definitely not the case here!
Also, the desserts were great!
Fantastic tiramisu (not to soggy) and great Sicilian semi-freddo.
Cons: Caprese salad was a little skimpy on the basil and tomatoes.
Would definitely recommend!

After walking around the Lakes a bit, we stopped and looked at the menu and we were intrigued by the variety they offered.
So we decided to go here instead of the French restaurant across the walkway.
What a mistake!
First off, the service was terrible.
We waited a good ten minutes before the server even acknowledged us with a simple "hi" as he walked by for the 4th or 5th time.
He then came over and didn't even ask if we were ready to order, simply pulled out his paper and looked at us.
We both ordered the gnocchi, but different flavors of it and asked if bread came with the meal.
A simple "ya" and then he walked off.
He brought the bread and drinks out about 5 minutes later and we quickly discovered that the bread was terribly hard and crunchy.
So, after crunching through what seemed like a crouton, we decided no more bread.
The gnocchi finally arrived and while it looked appealing, once I touched it with my fork, it was very apparent that it was way overcooked.
The consistency of it suggested that there was no pasta covering at all.
It was all mush.
My girlfriend's gnocchi was the exact same way.
After choking down a few bites, we flagged down the server, got our check (which was expensive) and some boxes.
We were hoping we could salvage the gnocchi so it would be edible at home, but that also didn't happen.
So we settled on Burger King.
Lesson learned: try the French restaurant next time.

I found this place on accident a couple of years ago and I am glad I did.
This is located at the end of freemont street, which is very nice since it is away from all of the crowds and the loud noise.
There is a live musician here on weekend nights, which is fun to listen to.
Luna Rosa wasn't very crowded when I visited, which was nice.
We got our food very quickly and had excellent service.
A couple of people in my party needed help deciding, but the server was able to help them by recommending their favorites.
The server also provided great comedy by finding something we had in common and making jokes about it throughout our meal.
It is a little pricy, but not necessarily for Vegas standards.
The food is also very, very good, so we didn't mind.
Something as basic as the pizza is amazing, as are their pasta dishes.
Unfortunately we did not get to listen to the music this time, but when I came here before, it was at the perfect volume-you can hear the music and the people sitting across the table, even if you're right next to the musician.
There are also many tvs by the bar where you can watch sports or the news while eating.
I would recommend Luna Rosa.
It's a short drive or bus ride from the strip and offers excellent food and service, at the perfect location on freemont street for a family.

Best gnocchi spinach prosciutto with Alfredo.
Homemade and you can tell.
The manager was so thrilled we were happy, which was nice.
The crostini appetizer with mozzarella & prosciutto was amazing!

I was excited to try this place, as we live near Lake Las Vegas and had not been here yet.
We typically go to Auld Dubliner when we are down there.
So, one weekday afternoon I decided I wanted Italian for dinner, and we settled on Luna Rossa.
It was not crowded, we were seated immediately.
The wine list is actually more expansive than I was expecting at a place at Lake Las Vegas.
But, the reds are kept at room temperature.
During the hot summer months in the Valley, this made the wine seem even hotter.
So, that was frustrating.
To start, the wife had the caprese.
The ingredients were not of good quality.
The tomatoes seemed like they were purchased from a local grocery store and then stored in the fridge, which is not good for a tomato's flavor.
Likewise, the mozzarella was mealy, didn't have a nice pull when you would cut it.
I had the gnochetti fritti, which was basically fried cheese balls that you dip in red sauce.
The red sauce needed a hit of herbage for flavor, but the cheese balls were good.
To eat, the wife had the lobster ravioli with tiger shrimp in a vodka cream sauce.
I'm ignorant, so I can't remember the Italian name of this dish.
But, it was a winner, and it saved Luna Rossa from getting a 2 star review all on its own.
It's a LARGE portion for $28, approximately 8 or 9 huge raviolis plus 3-4 large shrimp.
The sauce had a little bit of creaminess to it which was nice when you cut into the ravioli.
We took a good amount home.
If you eat at Luna Rossa and like seafood, this is your dinner.
I had the sun-dried tomato gnocchi with prosciutto in a cream sauce (again, can't remember the Italian name).
The cream sauce was forgettable, I had to douse it with pepper and parmesan cheese at the table to impart any flavor.
The gnocchi was solid, and the prosciutto was of good quality.
It basically was just 2 large pieces draped over the dish.
We didn't plan on having dessert, but when I saw they had strawberry tiramisu we had to give that a shot, as strawberries are my favorite fruit.
It was good, but we couldn't finish it due to sweetness.
It comes in a large wine glass and is layered with cream, lady fingers, and strawberry sauce.
There were a few fresh strawberries on top, and I could have used more of them.
The bites with all ingredients were excellent, but you only got a couple of them.
This is a fair price at $8, but I would prefer to pay a little more and get fresh strawberries in every bite.
They have a large patio which I bet is an excellent place to dine when it's not 100 degrees daily.

This fabulous Italian restaurant sits in the village of Montelago on Lake Las Vegas,and is a great find.
Miguel was our waiter for the two times we have visited for dinner.
His wise direction has never steered us wrong.
My wife and I are never disappointed with the lobster and shrimp stuffed ravioli and a nice bottle of Chianti or Pinot Noir with our dinner.
The martini I had prior to dinner was perfect and had blue cheese stuffed olives.
The restaurant gets crowded, but I have never seen the wait over 10 minutes.
We have always made a rez for 6:30PM, and have promptly been seated.
I don't know how or why people have rated this restaurant badly, as we have always been treated with respect and have always had a great meal.
Ask for Miguel if you want to be treated the best.

Twice a year we do a stay vacation at The Westin.
For the past four years we have always ate here.
The food is beautifully made its authentic Italian food!
The strawberry tiramisu is to die for so yummy & fresh strawberries.
I could seriously eat three.
We've always had good service.
Spent New Years Eve as well it's a up scale mom and pop restaurant.

My friends and I were staying at the Hilton and wandered around the village and stumbled across this restaurant, and I am so glad we did!
For dinner my beau and I split an order of fettuccine alfredo, we asked them to include chicken which they were very happy to oblige, but alas, upon receiving it, there was no chicken *sad face*.
Sans chicken it was still delicious, the sauce was so creamy and rich, but not too rich, just right!
Another friend of mine ordered a pepperoni pizza, and to the surprise of everyone, it was incredible!
The one who ordered it even claimed it to be the best pizza he has ever had, and he is a (self proclaimed) pizza aficionado!
For dessert I ordered the tiramisu which was to die for.
Another couple ordered the strawberry tiramisu which they thoroughly enjoyed, and my other friend ordered the cannoli and had zero complaints.
The staff was very friendly and accommodating (even if they forgot my chicken).
My only complaint is that our waiter was very slow to move along the process.
He would bring something out and would take forever to come back again.
Especially once we were done with the dinner, the dessert menu and ordering took a lifetime, as did signing the check.
Even though the meal dragged out, the good company I was surrounded by and the delicious food made the night perfect!
If I am ever back in town, I will be hitting that place up for dinner... or at least dessert!

Started with the caprese.
It was okay, nothing special.
Had Santa Margherita pinot grigio with dinner - always a winner.
The pre-entree bread basket had these hard, compressed bread nuggets that were difficult to break into the crust or chew.
Even a soak in the olive oil/balsamic at the table did not do anything to soften them up.
Had the grilled salmon entree.
It was done medium well, so I was happy.
The accompanying green beans were sauteed and crunchy.
The roasted potatoes had a good flavor.
Not much attention from the wait staff.
I guess I could say I've been here, but probably will try another place on my next visit to the village.

Just about the worst dining experience I've ever had.
Walking in, just my mom and I, 3 different waiters came up to us and tried to sit us when the first waiter was already in the process of trying to sit us.
We were then sat outside near the gate and our table rocked and it hurt to sit in the chair.
Our waitress kept referring to us as Lady.
"Do you want water Lady?
" Didn't sound good.
Nobody explained anything on the menu.
Once we ordered, my spaghetti was ok, but my mom's parm w eggplant was inedible and looked old.
We placed the plate on the edge of the table to show that we were not about to eat it, about 3 waiters and even our own waitress looked at us and the plate many times but then kept walking away.
10 mins later she came to us and said how is everything.
When we finally got a chance to tell her about the food, she looked at us weird and said ok...it was awkward.
We just decided to leave.
I tried to talk to the manager and they all kept saying he's really busy n what not.
I waited for 5 mins before I finally gave up and left.
It was ridiculous.
I stayed mad for like the whole rest of the night.
That was My experience.

The food was good fiancé and I went their for a nice night out and the service was pretty bad, I was almost done with my dinner before they have me a refill on my soda.

My best friend recommended this restaurant before we left for our conference here in Las Vegas.
Once here I went on Yelp to find it and began to read the reviews, some of which were not favorable, but in the end we decided to go anyway even though it was a 15 minute drive.
I will tell you it was well worth it.
Luna Rossa, which means red moon in Italian, is a lovely restaurant overlooking Lake Las Vegas.
This is a great location on a street of shops, bars and restaurants that almost make you feel you are in Disney property.
You can eat outside on their patio (with outdoor heaters if the air is chilly) or in a more romantic setting inside.
In either location you are looking at water in the middle of a dessert!
It was a Saturday night around 9pm.
We were seated right away by a friendly smiling staff.
We had immediate service and were handed an extensive wine list and full menu.
The waiter was adorable with his Italian accent and explained the specials in detail.
We ordered a bottle of Banfi Classico Chianti reasonably priced at $44.00 and a prosciutto fresh mozzarella appetizer for $15.00.
Delicious crusty rustic Italian bread arrived with oil and vinegar.
I love this earthy bread that is a staple in Italy.
Quite soon after our appetizer arrived along with the wine.
The prosciutto was tasty and not to salty, and the fresh mozarella balls offset this spiced ham perfectly.
We now ordered the rest of our meal.
We decided to share a Caesar salad, I chose the Manicotti with Spinach and Ricotta filling, my husband chose a special which was a Rigatoni with a truffled cream sauce and sautéed filet mignon cut and incorporated into the meal.
Our salad came right away, simple and perfectly balanced with the right hint of anchovie in the dressing, yet not over powering.
It was also the correct amount of dressing, my lettuce was not swimming, and the shaved Parmesan cheese was not used sparingly.
There was enough cheese for just about every bite.
Again, without any wait, our dinners arrived.
My manicotti was so good, I woke up the next day still dreaming about it.
The sauce was a fresh tomato marinara with the perfect hint of garlic.
The filling delicious, with an added bonus of a small side of perfectly crisp sautéed vegetables with a few breaded crisped quartered potatoes tucked in the corner.
My husband was kind enough to share a few bites if his al dente (firm and to the tooth as a pasta should be) rigatoni and I was again so pleased to see that the truffle oil was not overpowering the delicious homemade cream sauce (as so many chefs are want to do.
)  We both finished our meals with nothing left to bring home.
We had no room for dessert as a result, yet compromised by ordering cuppachino.
Two perfectly sized cups with stiff foam arrived sprinkled with cinnamon, instead of the oversized lattes I usually receive at other restaurants.
I whole heartedly recommend this restaurant.
On the night we went, it was indeed perfect!
Our bill came to $129.00.

Having just spent the week at the Venetian/Palazzo we came out to Lake Las Vegas for a long weekend to unwind.
On the first night we dined at Luna Rossa and it was excellent.
Very authentic, great service and outstanding food.
Possibly the best Italian meal I have eaten.
We split the Crostini and a Caesar salad, both were very fresh and full of flavor.
I then had the beef short rib stuffed pasta with Alfredo sauce and shaved black truffles.
Easily the best pasta dish I have ever had.
Highly recommended.

Stopped in after the Brews Best Beer fest.
Was seated right away.
Wanted pizza but told no pizza.
No explanation.
Ordered the calamari to start.
It wasn't bad, but I've definitely had better.
The seafood pasta dish I ordered had way more pasta than seafood.
I will say that the flavor was very good though.
Over all it wasn't a bad meal but, with the service we got, we did feel like it was a bother that we stopped in.
They seemed unhappy and/or ungrateful for our patronage.
I don't know if this had anything to do with the Beer Fest, but next time I think we'll try a different place.

The atmosphere was serene and romantic.
The buffalo motsarella and tomato salad was delicious.
For entrée  we had a Mergeritta  pizza and the Chilean Sea-bass which was recommended.
Both dishes lacked in flavor.
I was expecting a more robust flavor in both dishes considering the price if these dishes.
For dessert we had the pineapple sorbet which was presented beautifully and tasted delicious!

Authentic Italian restaurant we had a late lunch in.
Everyone around us was speaking Italian as were all the servers.
We ordered the muscles and clams in an amazing tomato garlic broth that was sopped up with excellent bread until it was gone.
We also had the caprese and Cesar salad.
The Cesar salad had a nice garlicky dressing and was not overdressed.
A great meal.

This place has the best Italian in Vegas!
Everything on the menu is worth ordering twice!
This place has it all great food, amazing service and the best location!
Perfect for any season for a family or friend get together over looking the lake Las Vegas during summer nights with a live band or in the winter when they have the ice skating on the lake this restaurant is perfect to enjoy the best of both worlds.

Italianisimo... Everything were great ..!
Great food , great service ... Great atmosphere ..   Todo Perfecto , excelente servicio   La

Great food.
Seems very authentic.
Service was par but trying to split a check took 40 minutes and that had taken away from my normal stars I would give.
The servers speak Italian so they didn't understand what we were trying to do I guess.
We literally had to write out the check so she could put it in the computer.
Sorry we had to do her job.
Obviously they weren't used to us outsiders.
Manager was no help and found humor in our situation.
If you are starving stop by, good food.
Want service don't go.

Went here for my b-day with 3 other friends.
It was a Monday so it was a ghost town at The Village.
It seemed that our server was the host as well.
It took forever to get anything.
He had a nice attitide but I really wasnt impressed with the wine which I tired 2 different glasses and at 11/12 dollars a glass it should be good.
One thing I will give them props about is the fact that they didnt have a cheese platter on the menu and when I asked for one he was willing to have the kitchen make one.
So we had a cheese platter, calamari and some other appetizer that had thin slices of beef on it (not sure what its called).
We didnt order entrees.
My friends raved about the calamari.
Honestly I think this place has the potential to be great but the lack of ambience in the entire place (the Village) ruined it for me.
I cant imagine they will stay in business much longer if the casino doesnt open back up.
I wish I would have ordered and entree so I'd have a more informative review as far as food is concerned but if your looking for more than just good food then I wouldnt recommend this restaurant.. and thats assuming the food is good...

Absolutely amazing food.
Terrific service.
We had the gnochetti fritteria as an appetizer and I could have eaten an entire plate of it by myself it was so good!
The lobster ravioli was recommended by the waiter and it was on the money.
Strawberry tiramisu was a perfect end to a fantastic meal.

Horrible service.
Took almost 10 minutes before we were even greeted then when we asked to sit out side the hostess looked annoyed and said she would have to see.
After walking around twice she stood halfway away us and said nothing then looked even more annoyed when we didn't immediately follow her.
She showed us 2 tables and told us she didn't care where we sat.
We waited almost 20 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us.
Meanwhile we realized we got sat at a broken table (we close it because it sat 3 people better) and the two tables we were shown were the onlyones with plain chairs while all the other chairs had over flowing cushions.
When the server finally showed up she was very unapologetic and seemed not to care that we didn't have menus much less beverages.
We told her we changed our minds about eating there.
She threw some the silverware and replies "ok." And walked away.
We went back around to the front and were ignored for another 5 minutes before the hostess came back around and rudely asks "What?!
" We asked for a manager she rolled her eyes and replied "that is me.
" At that point my husband walked out.
I told her their customer service was rude and we would never be back.

Pizza crust was good...don't get the Cesar unless you like the fishy taste of anchovies , lasagna was bland.

Amazing!!!
Very authentic!
Reminded me of being in Italy from the moment we walked in.
Great chianti wine.
We came for dessert and their tiramisu and dream bomba were to die for!!
We will definitely be back!
Thank you to Fausta.
Such a sweet lady!!

I never made it to the food.
Waitress walked past three times with an obvious hatred of her job.
When the maître'd came to sit me at a table we past many clean and empty tables and he sat me at one with dirty dishes and made no attempt to clear one dish.
Although he did fleck off some crumbs.
I left.

Amazing wine list, ask about the vintages, I was a little worried about my super Tuscan until a 2007 arrived at our table.
The food is delicious as well, I had a rigatoni with filet and truffles, amazing!
The eggplant appetizer was truly fantastic as well.

Lovely location overlooking the lake.
Flexible with last-minute reservations (and we were a party of 7).
Not ideal for small children.
Had to flag down the server multiple times (more water, ready to order, ready for the check)...The food wasn't bad, but overly priced.
The wine and dessert lists were both extensive.
But here's why I won't return: two antipasta plates were brought out by the server and as we did not order/ask for this, we assumed it was a complimentary offering.
When the bill arrived, we were charged $72 for the plates ($12 per adult), which we naturally disputed.
On top of the server not removing the antipasta from the bill, he refused to assist us by separating the bill into 4 checks (which in honesty wasn't something we asked for upfront, but hey, it happens).
With Lake Las Vegas' Village struggling the way it is, you'd think the businesses there would bend over backwards to bring their patrons back, especially the locals.
Long story short, I've got a bad taste in my mouth after this experience, and won't be recommending this restaurant any time soon.

So, had lunch here today and the restaurant looked cozy and nice with white linens and smaller version of Valentino's when I was still open (I used to work there).
I thought I might be a little under dressed in basketball shorts and T-shirt but was told it OK, that was nice.
Seated and helped promptly but checking the menu noticed prices a bit higher, understandable since it's "Lake Las Vegas" and it's a tourist restaurant.
Order margarita pizza and Lynn ordered linguini with calamari in a spicy tomato sauce.
When the margarita pizza arrived it looked like a plain American cheese pizza with no tomato or mozzarella slices and some sprinklings of basil pieces cut into thin strips!
Lynn's pasta looked better and I being in the business didn't complain or ask differently, thought I'd try it out.
The pizza tasted what it looked like, a cheese pizza.
Nothing special: no basil leaves, no tomatoes, no charred crust, just a cheese pizza.
The pasta was good but nothing again too special.
Unfortunately I always compare Italian food from my experience with Valentino's and from working with my former boss, a American Italian with an Italian husband!
To sum it up when it came to desserts we opted for only a espresso for me......wait for it.......it is probably the worst espresso ever served!
No offense to our server but I would hate to think he would accept a espresso like he served to me since he was Italian.
Where is the nice "crema" on all quality espresso?
It wasn't on my espresso that's for sure!
The espresso looked like a small cup of black coffee!
Like I said before my experience with Valentino's made me extra particular then your average Asian.
I was trained to make espresso's with a nice crema so when you put sugar on top of it, the sugar sits waiting to sink or be stirred in, this was not that type of espresso.
Yes, might be ranting about espresso but when you work for Italians you learn to make good espresso!
Average Italian restaurant in unfortunately a slow/dead village.
Maybe it's better at dinner?

Authentic Italian cuisine, owned by an Italian family.
Service was a little awkward since everyone spoke Italian more fluently than English but overall still a very pleasant experience.
Linguine & clams was the best serving of this dish I have ever had!!!
No complaints over the portion of clams served with the pasta.
Super generous & there were smaller clams in the light wine sauce.
SUPERB!!!
The bf ordered rigatoni with bolognese and ate every last bit of it!!!
Not a lot of options for food in this village but we would highly recommend this place!

For an Italian family, this place is quite a disappointment.
We had a party of nine and tried almost every popular dish and the cannelloni was the only good one.

Food was great, service was even better.
The fried zucchini arrived in French fry size bites and was so good we ordered more.
The lobster ravioli was 5 stars per the kids and the filet and lobster was perfect.
If you are around lake Las Vegas check this place out it's worth it.

I came here for dinner on the night I proposed to my girlfriend.
We got there later than we expected with less than an hour before our arranged gondola ride.
When we walked in it was empty, but steadily picked up in business as we were there.
We advised our waiter that we had to be down at the docks in 50 minutes and he took care of us quickly.
We both got a different rigatoni dish, and they were amazingly good.
The pasta is al dente, but most likely would be cooked longer if requested.
We also ordered garlic bread which was delicious and was not added to our bill.
Overall I enjoyed my experience and recommend that if you visit Lake Las Vegas to give this restaurant a try.

I was ready for a new Italian restaurant, and we were going to be in the Lake Las Vegas area Memorial Day weekend at a festival, so after doing a bit of research on Yelp, Luna Rossa seemed like a nice fit.
And, as events transpired, it really was!
After being seated by a window in the bright and welcoming dining room, I enjoyed very good complimentary Italian bread, olive oil, and butter, before Diane and I nibbled on Gnocchetti Fritti, delightful fried Potato Dumplings filled with Asiago Cheese and decidedly dippable in a mild and smooth Marinara Sauce.
These pillow-shaped morsels were then followed by a great bowl of Minestrone Soup that featured zucchini, celery, carrots, tomato, mushrooms, and Yellow Bell Pepper swimming in a light broth, with real grated Parmesan Cheese sprinkled on top that turned into congealed cheesy strings to enhance the individual ingredients that the cheese adhered to just below the surface.
A very good Caesar Salad with Creamy Caesar Dressing, very crunchy croutons, fresh Romaine leaves, and small sheets of Mozzarella Cheese was next.
And, while Diane enjoyed her Veal Parmigiana with a very tasty and generous supply of Alfredo Sauce spread over the fork-tender meat, accompanied by delicious golden Roasted Potatoes, I savored the 18 small clams that were anchored in a superb light White Wine broth to grace my order of Linguine & Clams.
Service was attentive.
And, with live music audible from the outdoor lakefront stage less than 50 yards away, this was yet another memorable Italian dining experience.
I will surely be back to sample other interesting culinary offerings that beckon from a nicely varied menu that should suit most every taste.

One of my party members food  came out cold my rigatoni pasta was just ok.
The lobster and shrimp ravioli was good I liked that a lot.
My server came back from break smelling like cigarettes.
To sum it all up it was ok

My family and I decided to eat in the village and try this place.
We were all pleased!
The waiter was more than wonderful.
Once we sat down I realized he was going to take our palates on a tantalizing food ride.
He opened with specials which two of the four of us got.
The pork and the blue crab linguini , the other two had lamb and lasagna.
I asked which item I should start with and he asked if he could create an antipasti dish for us and we all happily agreed!
Every entree item was delicious, antipasti delicious and recommended Chianti delicious!
I am looking forward to our next stay in the area.
Yes I will go back again and again!

Wow!
A legitimate Italian restaurant in Las Vegas!!
I was blown away with the food.
I am Italian, as is my whole family, and have experienced many amazing Italian foods and restaurants in New York and New Jersey, so I know what's real and what's not.
The service was great, I had a waiter named Ceaser and he was excellent and so happy, he seemed like there was nothing he would rather do than be a waiter.
The wait wasn't long which was nice.
I ordered the spinach ravioli and minestrone soup.
The soup was excellent!
One of the best I've ever had.
Very fresh and delicious.
I'm not sure I have words to describe the ravioli.
The sauce was perfection, the raviolis were cooked to perfection with the perfect amount of cheese and spinach.
And they played each other nicely.
Not too cheesey, and not too much spinach.
I have been here multiple times as has my family and other full blooded Italians I know and we all agree it is great!
Happy eating.

