After Call away Golf Course, my dad said he was hungry.
One of my nephews (the younger one), suggested Ihop.
So Ihop it was.
As we got there, the parking lot wasover crowded and people were waiting outside to be seated.
It took us a few minutes to find parking.
While we were looking for parking, my dad got out to hold a spot for us.
Shortly after that, we finally found parking, parked, and walked towards the restaurant.
Our wait time was but 20-25 minutes before we finally were seated.
Once seated, the waitress took order drink orders.
The boys had chocolate milk, orange juice, and my son had a lemon strawberry mix.
My dad had coffee.
My mom and I had coffee and orange juice.
As for our dishes, the boys had Rooty-Jr plates wish consisted of Pancakes, Sausage, pancakes, and eggs.
My son had a sandwich soup combo.
And my parents and I each had the breakfast sampler plates which had pancakes, has browns, ham slices, bacon, sausages, and eggs.
We had a great time.

Great service and great food

Breakfast at IHOP is the best.
I love pancakes with strawberry and the fabulous french toast..jummy.
Coffee is very good an the service was great and friendly.
I will be back next year.
Greetings from germany

It's Ihop so there's not a lot too say.
The service was nice but not the quickest, seemed a bit too relaxed and bored:) The food was ok.
It's never perfect.
It's not very hot when it arrives at your table, the bacon is too crisp, plain coffee... but it was ok for a breakfast.
We just wanted to eat something before we drive up to the Grand Canyon.

Previous Ihop frequenter, but this particular Ihop's food was bland.
The pancakes were soggy, the hash browns were soggy, and the bacon was not as crispy as I am used to.
Overall, not very appetizing.
I should have ate at a casino buffet for the same price.

We stopped by here for lunch this afternoon.
The place was packed.
I thought we'd have a long wait, but we were shown to a booth in just a few minutes.
The hostess and our waitress were both very friendly.
I appreciated them taking the extra effort to stay friendly when it was crazy busy like that.
I deal with the public on a daily basis and know when it's super busy like that it can sometimes be a challenge to keep a smile on your face and a kind word on your lips.
All of our meals were excellent.
If I'm ever in the neighborhood I'd definitely eat here again.

We just went there to eat for lunch for our 1 year  anniversary, 30 minutes after being seated we were still awaiting a server to take our drink orders.
30 minute wait for drinks which we never got to order.
After getting so inpatient with the bad service we ended up leaving.

