I'm glad Dollar has this rental return at Circus Circus.
I decided to return here early, so I could avoid the hassle with long lines and long waits returning at the airport.
The person who helped me with the return was nice and took care of it all quickly.
The only problem was I had to wait 20 minutes until there was someone back at the desk.
It's hard finding the return garage.
It's the 5th floor of garage #2 which is reached by taking the road by the casino that is perpendicular to the Las Vegas strip back to behind the casino.
Then you turn left into the garage and go all the way until you're outside, where you the take a left into the garage marked #2.
Dollar, of course, didn't think to provide signs leading the way.
Doing that would have required someone in charge who knows about customer service.

Dollar Rent A Car is the worst rental car company ever!
I rented a car from them at the Monteo Carlo Hotel in Las Vegas.
As part of a promotion they were having, they added a free GPS to the rental.
I told the lady I did not need one, but she said it was free and came with the car so I gave in.
Worst decision ever!
After filling up the tank and neatly parking the car in the exact stall I got it from, filling out the paper work for the drop box, and making sure to clean up after myself, I realized that the GPS unit's case, did not fit in the glove box that I was told to place it in.
I obviously did not want to leave the GPS out in a visible location in the car, so I placed it inside of the center console compartment.
I figured I could not possibly the fist renter of a Chevy Malibu to have trouble fitting that GPS duffle bag into that tiny glove box.
I'm sure tons of people place them in the center console.
Well apparently that center console is a portal to another dimension because now Dollar is charging $500 for a missing GPS.
I talked to their investigations Manager, and no matter how many loop holes I showed her in Dollar's return system, I am ultimately at fault and have to pay up.
What ever happened to "the customer is always right"?
Needless to say, I will never do business with Dollar Rent A Car again.

Run don't walk AWAY from Dollar Rent A Car in Treasure Island!
Starting with an hour wait to get service  ( with only three people in line) to them not knowing exactly which floor of the parking garage the car was on to the deceitful billing practices this company is shameful!
Their trick was to charge your for more than you had stated you wanted, then you look at a tiny screen(after waiting for an hour and on the verge of being late for a meeting) and hit agree.
What we thought we were agreeing to was $150 but the billed totaled over $300 for 27 hours!
We had the same experience with the "Free" GPS offer as another reviewer, which is not free at all.
We called customer service and tried to explain that we had not wanted all the add on coverage we were charged for and that we were told we would not be charged for a second day but just for three extra hours, but that was not what they billed for.
They just stated that we had hit the "I agree" button.
What a horrible experience!
I suppose they make their stock holder happy by robbing their customers but is that the kind of business that you want to support?
Shame on you Dollar Rent A Car.

Nice place to rent a car.
Service is fast for a place that only has one or two workers.
They tend to have plenty of cars on their facility, but lack to know where the location of the car.
I was stuck finding where my car was.
In the end, they gave me a different car.
Honestly, it's a car rental place.
Have your ID and Credit card ready.. (Internationals, have PASSPORT).
I have rented cars for quite awhile now, and things move faster when you have a reservation and know what you are getting.

Worst Company ever, they have so many hidden charges and practice predatory tactics into forcing/tricking you into all these extra charges.
However much they claim the estimate to be, times that by 5, and then some.
I reserved a car online, and it looked reasonable, taxes, mileage, etc., the usual, and it came to be 24 dollars a day.
I arrived to pick up my car and had to wait literally 2 hours for a line of about 10 people or so, I initially chalked that off because it was the cheapest one i found online.
When they got to me, they started with adding on charges left and right, before I even got any insurance i was already up to 65 dollars, and they basically threaten you with "we are going to go after you and your family money if you dont buy insurance and our car gets scratched.
" So the total for 1 freaking day was 100 dollars, and gas is not included despite the exorbitant price.
Run away, and save yourself some money and be happy.
Dollar rental is the perfect way to ruin your vacation.

horrible place to rent a car!
The employees must get a kick back from ripping people off.
DONT NOT RENT FROM these people unless u want to ruin your vacation!

