My oldest son had braces and one tooth refused to grow in.
The orthodontist wanted this tooth exposed with an oral dam so it could be lifted into place.
The oral surgeon was brutally expensive (wanted $130 just to look in his mouth for 60 seconds and say, yup, I can do it for another $1,300 bucks - yeouch!
Dr. Savage did a great job and saved me $500!
My son is extremely squeamish - Savage was gentle and quick.
I would see him again in a heart beat!

What an amazing team!
I have lived in LV for 6 years now and it has been quite the chore searching for a reliable honest dentist.
I was referred to Dr. Savage by word of mouth.
What an amazing dentist and team.
They were all highly professional and you could tell that every person who worked at this office cared about their patients!
(which is hard to find) My first impression was they were thorough and passionate about their jobs.
This office is reliable, clean, friendly, and I would highly recommend going to this dentist!!!
What a hidden gem to find in LV!!

Dr Savage is a great dentist.
He really knows what he is doing and doesn't push costly procedures that are not really required.
The best thing about his office is his hygienist Wendy.
She is given plenty of time with each patient to give a thorough cleaning.

I LOVE THIS OFFICE!!!
I needed a root canal that I put off until I couldn't stand the pain anymore.
I was referred to Dr. Savage by a friend who works as a nurse.
Dr. Savage's office happens to be very close to my home so I called for an appointment and I was in the dental chair within an hour and a half.
Personality is a MUST when you're in pain and fearing the drill!
Dr. Savage and his staff, front AND back office, very helpful, personable, and welcoming.
Dr. Savage has an excellent sense of humor.
I felt like I had been going there forever, not at all like the new patient I was.
He was also very informative about what he planned to do before he got started, what  he was doing during the procedure and why, etc.
Excellent patient care here!
He even made a follow-up call to me that night to be sure I was doing okay.
He's my new dentist and my kids will be going there too.
I highly recommend!!
Thank you, Dr. Savage and your staff, Tiffany and Sherry!

