Let's get very clear here.
These guys are not good!
Good is the enemy of Great.
These guys are GREAT!
So, we have had a pool for 15 years and we are on our forth pool service.
The previous ones were either not good as soon as they grew and expanded and had new staff, or they sold out due to whatever reason.
Action Pool Service is great.
Owner - Reece Bettencourt is the owner and he is licensed, bonded and insured.
How many others of you use a technician that is working on your property that is NOT licensed, bonded or insured?
Assistant - Chris is his assistant and he is great too.
On time and communicates well,  personable and can do attitude.
Extras - The service costs about 25.00 more per month than my old service and there are a few services that I now pay for that use to be part of the service.
Is this more expensive?
I say it is VALUE!!!
I would rather pay a bit more for quality service that protects my pool and equipment in the long run vs. the short run!
More extras -  Reece the owner is also President of the Henderson chapter of the Independent Pool, Spa Service Association.
That is a good quality to have in your service partner, someone who just doesn't talk the talk, but walks the walk!!!
Here is the link for you to check out... http://www.ipssa.com/regions-and-chapters.html#R8  5.
I am very happy.These guys are the real pros.

I called Reece for some pool construction advice and referral.
He was busy with customers, but still was able to provide me with a great referral and sound advice.
I liked Reece so much and was appreciative for his help, that I will be changing my pool service to Action Pool Service and get rid of my current guy.

I found Action Pool on Yelp last year.
My pool was a mess and pumps and in floor cleaners not working.
These guys are amazing!
They answer your calls, return calls, and show up within 2 business days!
I never have been put off for even a week (other companies scheduled me 10 days out!
) Jim is great!
On time and works until it's all figured out.
My pool works as well now as it did 8 years ago!
Their prices are reasonable and competitive and they never pressure you to do more than you want but they will be honest about what you need!
Jim took the time to label and explain all my equipment!
I wish all companies were this great!

