moving from LA to Vegas was definitely an adjustment, especially trying to find a GOOD nail shop!
LA has about 1 on every damn corner/strip mall!
but I think I found the place!
SLICK NAILS on Ann Rd in North Las Vegas!
it's close to our house and they do a superb job!
The first time I visited this place was about a few weeks before Memorial day weekend, I decided just to get a pedi and was able to talk my boyfriend into getting a pedi as well.... the staff there is super friendly and the spa chairs are extremely comfortable!
anyways, not sure what kind of top coat they used, but my polish stayed on for 2 full weeks without any chipping!!
i couldn't believe it!!
i have my feet in water every day!
(either in the pool or shower)!
so for a $25 pedicure, it's well worth it since it will last 2 weeks!
plus a great bonus is that they play top movies on their flat screens while you're getting your mani & pedi :)

My Best friend was in town and we got our nails down here.
They did our nails to perfection for $25 and i also got my brows waxed for $10.
The brow waxing was great, it didnt hurt to bad, they thread them and pluck if theres any various hairs.
good  place to go if your visiting and you need to look great for your stay.

Great service, friendly I'll-genuinely-get-to-know-you people.
They did a great job on cleaning around the nail bed and cutting the cuticles.
As you get a pedicure, you can give yourself a massage on the massaging chair.
And after the pedi, they give you slippers to wear (and to take home) so that you don't mess up your nails.
Only flaw was their choices of nail color.
I definitely think they need to revamp that collection with new colors or just new nail polish in general.
It really turns me off to try to pick a nail polish when almost all of them are crusting or the oil emulsion is starting the separate out.
But good thing I came prepared with my own Essie "Smokin' Hot" polish.

Went here for a mani-pedi the other day, pedi was not the greatest.
My mani was just horrible!
Ended up going home and re-doing my nails myself :/ I had to tell the lady the shape I wanted three times and she still got it wrong.
I wish I would have been more assertive-the lady was super rude and I should have just left, but I didn't want to cause a scene :( NEVER going back!

The best Brazilian wax I have had in town the staff is very friendly.

I have been coming here for about 7 years now.
Everyone is friendly and does a great job on pedi's.
I will miss this place, moving to Florida.
Great massage chairs.

I love in North Las Vegas & me & a friend came here as a walk in on a Sunday for a mani/pedi & a full set.
Very decent priced They had plenty of people there to for you in.
Awesome attitudes, very clean.
Will definitely be going back...

I came here when I first moved to Vegas area last year.
I saw one gentleman a few times, and he did okay.
I wasn't totally thrilled with his work, but satisfied.
The shop was not always very clean.
At least once I called and made an appointment, but when  I arrived they had double booked my guy.
So in December I called to get my acrylic fill done and they said my guy had gone on a month long vacation.
Great.
So right before christmas I had to see some other guy, who quite frankly did a crappy job.
One of my nails lifted in ONE WEEK.
They were lumpy and uneven.
I will never go back.
Also their prices were high...in my opinion.

Just in town visiting a friend for a few days and had some down time.
I needed a pedi, badly.
Looked up the salon on yelp and couldn't be more pleased!
The staff was very friendly and efficient.
The prices are moderate, comparable to other local nail salons.
The salon itself is more about function than create an ambiance, but the establishment is very clean.
The gentleman that gave me my pedi was awesome!
I was surprised that the pedi treatment included the following: soak, general nail bed care, a lower leg/foot exfoliation, followed by a great lotion/oil massage, then a hot stone leg/foot massage.
Then a great application of nail polish.
So relaxing, friendly and profession.

Their sanitization box is rarely used, the door does not close properly so I'm not even sure that it works when it is used.
Rather doubtful considering I ended up with an infection when one of the employees (rude male with a definite attitude) cut the skin around my toe with his clippers.
Thinking about reporting them to the Board of Health - I know of another lady who ended up with an infection after she was cut too.
Not safe.
Not sanitary.
Definitely not going back.

Just had an amazing experience.
The staff is friendly and really take the time to do a great job and get to know you.
I highly recommend this place.
I will be a regular from now on!

I came here for the first time and although I am pleased with the end result, I'm rating this place a two for two specific reasons... 1) the lady severely cut the skin on both of my big toes whiles doing my pedicure and it was sore and red for about two days 2) I showed her which gel color I wanted for my toes, and she chose the wrong color.
I didn't notice right away as I had my toddler with me, and although she offered to do it all over again, I couldn't because I needed to feed my daughter lunch and the color she picked wasn't too bad.

