I'm sad to say that I'm looking for another Dr.s Office.
I wanted to love this place because it's close to the freeway and it's a primary care and urgent care all in one and the wait times are typically reasonable.
Unfortunately, my husband had several bad visits and I had a few not so stellar and so we are looking elsewhere.
I don't want to name Dr.'s by name, but our PCP Dr spends very very little time with you and has a terrible bedside manner.
The wait to see him usually isn't too bad, but once he gets in the room, he is in and out in 2 minutes or less and you feel like you just paid a copay to get free samples (with no instruction how to use them) or the referal or blood work orders or wherever he's sending you off too.
Neither my husband or I are complicated cases, but I think at least 5 minutes and a little conversation about your health should be given by a PCP.
The process of getting a referal takes way longer than it should and the office ladies seem overworked and stressed and the phone often rings a while before being answered.
I also don't like that the nurse or the MA's take a pulse ox every time you visit.
Even when you're not ill.  That is unnecessary billing of the insurance when you aren't sick and just had it done a month prior.
Also, a man under 30 should not have a BP of 140/90 and he was told BP was good.
The final straw was when we had to visit the urgent care side of this office on a Saturday.
The doctor was pretty advanced in age and hardly listened to my husbands current complaints and spent time looking into an old injury that was completely unrelated to the visit.
He gave him meds for his terrible sore throat that do no work at all.
He gave essentially water jelly for the terrible pain.
Wasn't even asking for pain pills, just a stronger anti-inflammatory than Advil.
Not impressed.
Next day, the pain was way worse and there's no way we are going back to this urgent care.

The staff was friendly and helpful.
The medical assistant was very thorough and considerate.
I would definitely go here again.

My wife and I work in the medical field and just visited Parkway Urgent Care over labor day for an ear infection.
We saw Dr. Ziarko who was older and very bitter and did not want to be there.
He  was very rude and sarcastic and was pushing on my ear almost trying to make it hurt more.
Even after telling him it was very painful and I asked that he stop pushing, he did it again.
He even compalined about having to now treat a crying baby in the next room.
I do plan to make a formal complaint and would suggust not going to this facility.
There are alternative options in then Henderson area.......do not go to Parkway!

I have been to this urgent care a few times.
The older doctor knows his stuff, but his personality makes you feel like you're unwanted there.
Today I arrived at 6:28pm, on a Thursday.
Hours today are 7a-7p.
As I was parking, the "OPEN" neon sign was on.
During the 30 seconds it took me to walk up to the door, they had turned off the sign and locked the doors.
I called their number and was directed to their voicemail.
I guess going home 30 minutes early is more important than people looking for urgent care.
Last straw for me.

I hate coming to this urgent care but Because of my insurance and the proximity to my house its my default urgent care.
There is no sense of urgency what's so ever here.
Some of the medical assistants look like they jut rolled out of bed without showering or laundering their scrubs.
The front desk can be very slow.
Some of the dr's hate being there.
If you have a choice go elsewhere.

Not sure of why the negative reviews as I have been very pleased with the service I got when I was very ill.  First, I love the fact that they are open 7 days a week.
Second, I love that the front staff is very friendly and get you through the process quickly.
Third, not long wait to see a Doctor and Fourth the service from the Doctor was excellent.
I would come here again.

Horrible urgent care, will never go back.
Dr couldn't care less about his patients.
( I saw dr.singh)  There are a plenty of other quick cares in the Greenvalley /Henderson area do not waste your time coming here

I went this morning right when they opened.
The staff was great and very helpful!
The wait wasn't bad at all.
I would go there again.

