I always come here to get a mani/pedi when I'm in town visiting.
The staff is super friendly and welcoming.
I love the results, my nails looked great.
Only thing I would ding them on is their gel color selections.

I was apprehensive at first, not really sure what to expect.
I do not like going in to the unknown.
So, my first time in here was like a lottery,  you never know what you are going to get.
First impression is always important.
The staff is super friendly.
They make you feel comfortable as soon as you walk through the door.
They offer you water while you wait.
The staff immediately warmed up to me because I am so likable (I think).
Having said that, I aways have a great and comfortable experience every time I come here.
They know me by name after the first visit.
Its a fun place to be in and I am always satisfied when I leave.
Tiffany, the owner has a special place in my heart, she is so cool and classy.
I love this place, I can't see myself in another nail place ever.
If you live near this area make sure you stop by.

I used to live down the street from Nails World.
I've been going there for 3 years now and I recently moved to NW Vegas--and drive 30 minutes each way, just to go there!
It is totally worth it!
They take their time, make things as perfect as possible for you.
They are really nice and do a great job.
They believe in taking their time and not rushing you out the door and taking your money.
If you want to relax and be pampered, go here!
But if you just need a quick fill and want a cheap, in and out place, go someplace else.
I trust them, they do a great job every time, and I won't trust anyone else!

Poor service.
Very nosy employees.
My family will never return here.
With so much competition of nail salons in the valley, I don't see how this place can stay in business.

DO NOT go to them for eyelash extensions.
I have gone here for a pedicure, and they are wonderful at that, I have no complaints on that end, but the extensions are absolutely terrible.
I went in two days ago to get my extensions done, my technician was Tiffany, who is also the owner and the only one at the store who does the service for extensions.
She used tape to tape down my bottom lashes and to tape around my eye lid for the extension process.
As she started applying the extensions to my eyes she was continuously trying to open my eye because the glue was causing my eyes to be glued shut, not only was this extremely painful but it in turn made my eyes water like crazy.
After an hour she finally finished and had me hold a little electric fan to my face to dry the glue, I had to rip open my eyes myself because it would hurt so bad when she would do it.
After TWO DAYS of having the lashes on I woke up with half the extensions missing on one side.
I went back wanting to just get rid of them because of the poor quality of installation, but Tiffany assured me that she could redo them better this time.
Same process with the same exact outcome.
The lashes are irritating and this time, as I sat there and ripped open my eyes again she gave me a mirror to look at the outcome, I AM NOW MISSING MY BOTTOM EYELASHES FROM HER POOR TECHNIQUE AND SERVICE.
As I sat there in her chair and stared at them almost in tears, she told me that it wasn't her fault because she was only doing the top lashes and that my bottom lashes have always been that way because I'm missing them on both sides, which is untrue because I've had long bottom lashes for as long as I can remember.
I was so upset that I just left.
I didn't want anything else to do with this woman or her salon.
I'm so upset with the outcome, and after giving her a chance to fix it I left in even more pain and truly unhappy.
She wouldn't take responsibility for anything she did and said that the reason my eyelashes came off in the first place was because my eyes were watering when she installed them, causing them to be too loose and prone to falling out.
I'm now in the process of removing them myself because I don't trust them to remove them without destroying my top lashes.

Right now I am not so impressed.
Came in picked out my nail polish was seated to get pedicure however I've been waiting for 15mins now & the lady who sat me attended to someone who came AFTER me.
Not too impressed.
Contemplating leaving since I'm still seating here....
Waiting.

Great service!!!
staff was very sweet & as well it was inexpensive.
I will keep going here for sure.

So happy to be back in Vegas and at my favorite nail spa ...
So clean and the people are so nice.
Having a hot stone massage/pedicure ...feels amazing.

