I used their shuttle service for transportation to and from the airport to the Strip.
Shuttles were clean and well air-conditioned.
However, one of their drivers was a little wreckless.
This one driver that shuttled me from my hotel to the airport almost ran over a person on a wheelchair as she was trying to cross the street.
He saw the green light and started to make the right turn, not really paying attention to pedestrians.

One of the other reviewers notes that his driver was "wreckless.
" So why complain?
I have had very few wrecks myself and find it more a patrician virtue than some pedestrian flaw.
The drivers were surly and they go up the strip and down.
Which end you are on determines how long you ride.
Cab fare is going to be double but 1/2 the time.
If time is money, all is fair here.

our driver seemed nice enough.
he was a heavy set, young black man.
he drove us down the strip and pointed out some sights and gave some advice on where to go and what not.
but when we were dropped off at our hotel a young couple collected there bags and didn't tip the driver.
he yelled at them and called them names loud enough for everybody to hear.
he continued this until the couple had entered the hotel.
meanwhile, my boyfriend and I, along with another gentlemen, stood amazed at what we were seeing.
When my boyfriend gave him a dollar tip, he rolled his eyes at us.
On the shuttle ride back to the hotel, a different driver made sure we had tip money before he let us on the bus!!!
Tips are supposed to be earned through good service, not bullying.

Take Showtime from the airport to your hotel during any big events happening in Vegas.
$6.00 per person and you could be last but hey at least you're not the one behind the wheel driving in traffic.
*CASH ONLY*

The price is right...but the service is *wrong*.
Yes, they will get you to your hotel for 6.50; but they also have no qualms about letting you buy a ticket, then wait 35 minutes for a shuttle (this was at 10 pm on a Thursday, NOT rush hour on a Friday).
After we enquired (nicely), we were then placed on a competitor's shuttle with absolutely no explanation or apology for the delay.
If you have time to waste in Vegas, and you don't like explanations when service fails to meet reasonable expectations, I highly recommend Showtime.

***Warning this company sucks  Showtime tours are nothing more than scammers posing as a shuttle service company to take your money and offer nothing in return.
Showtime Tours is using the old bait and switch hustle you can find from your low level street salesman.
My major complaint with this company is they want to sale you a service, but not completely offer the service.
Showtime take advantage of travelers by selling them a low price for transportation round trip, but does not follow through on the "round" part of the trip.
Organization is horrible, Service is Horrible, Customer Service will lie to you.
Do not use this Shuttle Service if you care about your time not being wasted because when its time to go back to the airport they will play games, lie, and even not show up to get you at the time you schedule.
Instead of waiting around for Showtime to send a shuttle to get you back to the Airport from the Hotel, use another shuttle service or take a taxi.

I got lucky, but there were others on the bus that were moments away from missing their flights.
They'll get you to your hotel, but getting back to the airport is a whole other story.
I would avoid this company at all costs.

As a travel agent, I was completely appalled at how they handled one of my clients booking for a Grand Canyon Tour.
Firstly they couldn't find his reservation that I had made when he called to reconfirm 24hrs prior.
After I called and gave a little bit of hell- the agent proceeded to tell me the tour was booked for the date that I booked my client on and that he would have to change his dates!
Hello!
My client was only in Vegas for 2 nights!
All and all, after going back with Showtime tours, the agent there pretty much told me the tours were cancelled and my client was screwed SO I told them to cancel and process a refund, in which the agent said "FINE" and hung up on me... Needless to say, teh next 4 Grand Canyon Tours I've booked all have gone to another local company...
I would give them ZERO stars if I could but STAY away from Showtime Tours they are not worth the time...

As a travel agent, I was completely appalled at how they handled one of my clients booking for a Grand Canyon Tour.
Firstly they couldn't find his reservation that I had made when he called to reconfirm 24hrs prior.
After I called and gave a little bit of hell- the agent proceeded to tell me the tour was booked for the date that I booked my client on and that he would have to change his dates!
Hello!
My client was only in Vegas for 2 nights!
All and all, after going back with Showtime tours, the agent there pretty much told me the tours were cancelled and my client was screwed SO I told them to cancel and process a refund, in which the agent said "FINE" and hung up on me...  Needless to say, the next 4 Grand Canyon Tours I've booked all have gone to another local company...
I would give them ZERO stars if I could but STAY away from Showtime Tours they are not worth the time...

I had utlilized the services of Showtime shuttles in the past and had received prompt service, my last vist was not  the same.
I paid for a round trip ticket and had scheduled for my return trip to the airport within the 24 hour range.
The shuttle was due to arrive at 10:10 am and when I called customer service, it was 10:09 and they stated that technically the shuttle was not late because I had another minute to wait.
Meanwhile I watched 3 Bell Trans shuttles come and go.
I called back at 10:20 and was advised the driver was 3 minutes away, 10:23 comes and goes.
At approximately 10:28 the shuttles arrives.
I understand that traffic is not under the control of the driver, but I strive to be on time and am peeved when others fail to make the same effort.
Will try another shuttle in the future.

This shuttle company came to my rescue when my scheduled shuttle from another company never showed.
$6.00 one-way.
Driver DOES NOT have a tip signed posted asking for tips.
The drive from hotel to airport was smooth with no crazy driving.
From my shuttle experience don't ever buy round trip fare and just catch whatever you can when you see it.
Waiting around for a never showing shuttle sucks specially when you see four others pass you by!

Do not use this service.
We purchased the round trip package online as part of our package.
We were staying at the Flamingo.
We got their no problem.
We called 2 days ahead to confirm the return time.
The day it was time to leave, we waited and waited and they never showed.
We had to catch a shuttle with CLR and almost missed the plane but just made it.
We called Showtime and they were no help whatsoever.
They refused to do anything about it and said that they didn't have a manager to speak to.
This company is a big scam.

Waited 45 minutes for the shuttle.
When we called to find out where the shuttle was, the operator didn't even apologize; she just told us another 15 minutes.
When we finally got in the shuttle, the driver went through two red lights.
:-(

Was not happy with this company!
We used the shuttle service for round trip transportation from the Airport to Ballys and back.
Both ways 1 star.....   On the way to the hotel:  Driver was rude.
unfriendly.
As we were getting out of the bus my boyfriend was struggling with a suitcase as I stepped up onto the curb .. the driver apparently thought we were leaving... and said to my boyfriend "what..?
No tips?
"    WOW....
If I wasn't so excited about my first trip to Vegas I woulda turned around and said  here's a tip.. don't ask for tips dick...
But..... my mans alot nicer than me.. and handed him a buck...   and the return .....   DON'T COUNT ON THIS AS A RELIABLE FORM OF TRANSPORTATION TO THE AIRPORT PLEASE...
THEY DON'T PICK UP @ THERE SCHEDULED TIME..
THEY ALREADY HAVE YOUR MONEY AND DON'T REALLY CARE IF YOU MISS A FLIGHT!
Our driver was over 45 min late....

They advertise as the cheapest, but there are others at the same price.
They load slowly and stop often.
When we reserved a shuttle for a return trip they booked it at the wrong hotel at the wrong time and then gave attitude when we called and asked where they were.
The shuttle driver showed up as we were loading into a cab and then was angry with us for THEIR mistake.
I will never ever take this shuttle company again or reccomend it to anyone.
I'd rather walk in the Vegas summer heat.
Absolutely awful experience with them.

So you get to Vegas and you are all like "OMG OMG VEGAS OMG WHERE CAN I SPEND MY MONEY LIKE A FOOL?
" Then, of course you come to a realization that he slot machines in the airport suck and you have to get to the strip?
Who is there to give you a ride?
Your choices are to walk (20 mins), or take a ride.
If you take a ride you have taxis, shuttles and limos.
Taxis are overpriced for such a short ride (even to fremont st.).
Limos are only for ballers.
If you are looking for a review of a shuttle service on Yelp, you might not be a baller.
Lastly, you have different shuttle services who let you cruise the streets of vegas with a bunch or total strangers.
Good stuff.
Anyway, once you get your bag from baggage claim and get outside into the dry heat (mmmmm heat!
), you will be presented by a few shuttle services.
The closest one to the door is the most expensive.
Drag your coke drinking, HFCS consuming butt right down to Nevada Coaches.
Give them 9 bucks and enjoy the ride.

I had originally booked my shuttle through airportexpress.com and Showtime Tours was sub-contracted.
When I arrived at the airport they told me I had no reservation.
On the phone for an hour, they finally found my reservation.
On the way back to the airport, the shuttle never came.
I called again and was told I had no reservation.
Whatever, it was $12 - I just took a cab so I wouldn't miss my flight.
At first I thought the problem was with the website I booked it on.
Nope, I've since used Showtime Tours twice and have had problems every time.
I will NOT be using this shuttle service again.

A shuttle is a shuttle.
I use them every time and I am satisfied.

They did the job getting us two and from the airport in a timely manner.
We would use them again.
Drivers were friendly.

Riding them as we speak.
Didn't have to wait too long for a shuttle (roughly 10 mins).
There are only 3 of us on the shuttle so ride isn't taking very long.
My hotel (planet Hollywood) was 1st stop.
I'd say we made it here in 5-7 mins.
But I must put this disclaimer out there--it's currently 830am on a Saturday morning.
Any other time (midday/evening) I'd imagine it taking muuuuuch longer.
All in all, was a pleasant experience.
I mean, what do people expect?!
These companies are in the business of making money so of course they're gonna try to maximize the load.
If u want a cheap/direct ride take a cab or rent a car!

Don't do it!
I've been waiting for this shuttle for 45 minutes.
The guy keeps saying it's almost here, and nothing.
Time to cab it.
I made the mistake of paying for this with my flight/hotel package.
The ride back to the air port wasn't much fun either.

When I try to be green and frugal, it always seems to backfire in my face.
When we visit Las Vegas, we usually turn into New Yorkers and depend on cabs for everything.
I know, it's indicative of a very spoiled family...
So for my most recent trip that I booked through Southwest Vacations, I selected the "shuttle" option.
It was my effort to be a bit more responsible all the way around.
Big mistake - you'd be better off taking the city bus from the airport to your hotel.
CONS: - The ShowTime folks make you wait forever.
- They are completely disorganized and once you make it on the shuttle - You stop at every stinkin' hotel along the way...    A roundtrip cab ride for two is usually around $60 or so - the shuttle was $24 roundtrip.
But it's not worth the difference in the inconvenience for our family.

So my parents were staying at the golden nugget.
They paid for a round trip, when they called for their pick up time they asked for 2:30 but were told driver would be there @ 2:15.
At 2:00 they go out to wait for the shuttle, 2:30pm no shuttle.
They call the company and the guy is so rude.
He tells them the driver was there but they never see him.
Come on, they were waiting for 45 minutes.
He says he can have someone pick them up in 45min or they can catch a taxi!
My dad decided to take the taxi.
Never ever again, I have used bell trans in the past and they were great.
If you need a shuttle use bell trans and not showtime!

Terrible.
We booked a stay in a hotel online, and on the reservation form online there was a box you could check to reserve a shuttle for an additional cost.
I thought, why not?
It'll be more convenient than taking a cab.
Wrong.
When we got to the airport, it was complete disarray.
There were two shuttles, which I was first told were going to different places by the person in the ticket box, and then was told were going to the same places by a person on the street.
The wait times quoted were long and wrong.
I had to ask several staff members, both on the street and in the box, how long it would be and which shuttle we should be on.
The responses trended toward unfriendly, and were largely unhelpful.
Total wait was around 25 minutes for shuttle.
When calling to book our return shuttle, they said they had to pick us up at 5:15 am (!
) to get us to the airport in time for our 8:30 am flight, and that we shouldn't try calling the company to ask where our shuttle was unless it had been more than 15 minutes late (!).
We could have quite literally walked to the airport quicker than that.
And to top it off, when we called to cancel since we decided to sleep in another hour and a half and just take a cab, they didn't even have our reservation for the morning of our departure.
No sign of it.
NOW I understood why they allowed themselves several hours to screw things up and attempt to fix them in the morning.
Things like this must happen all of the time.
Our cab driver to the airport, I must say, was a gentleman, and the cost was less than the shuttle - and we left 15 minutes before we had to be there and arrived promptly!
The only upside to the Showtime shuttle was the driver we ended up with, who was helpful, hilarious, and very friendly.
The first driver that was waiting at the curb certainly wasn't, so I'm glad I ended up with her otherwise I'd have been even more irked by my Showtime experience.
To sum: if you're only in Vegas for a short trip, like we were, save yourselves the time, money, and hassle and get a cab (or other alternative).
Eek.

Showtime is good at getting people to the strip from the airport.
This plan worked great for being on-time; Get off the plane and head to the shuttle stand, pay $14 dollars for two and skip the round trip.
When you leave the hotel at the end of your trip, walk out to the taxi stand and hop in a taxi for $12 (from Luxor/South strip).
By using the taxi on the way back, you pay about $2 more than if you would have paid round trip for the shuttle for two people, and you have No Stress about getting to the airport on time and waiting for the shuttle, hoping it will be on time.

waited ages (at least 20mins) in the hotline to arrange pickup, the person on the other end was not really friendly!
Be warned!
Take a cab on your way back, it's not worth the hassle!

My first taste of Vegas after leaving the airport and I immediately wanted to fly back home.
The first lady was rude and patronizing, insulting me for not having printed my voucher ahead of time (it was last minute and I don't own a printer), closing with next time I better not purchase my service online.
Guess what lady, thanks to you, there certainly will not be a next time.
When I asked the woman at the window if she could look up my reservation from the code on my phone, she snapped back that she couldn't see it.
Well I hadn't brought the screen up yet and once I did and ENLARGED it she just gave me a look, entered the numbers, EASILY FOUND THE STUPID RESERVATION and practically threw my phone back at me.
When she printed the passes, I said thank you when she handed me the first one, to which she snapped "I'm not finished yet.
" Sorry lady, just trying to keep this whole ordeal pleasant.
Do not use this shuttle service.

Waited 10 min at airport for shuttle to arrive.
Waited 15 min to load the bus in a leisurely and surly fashion.
Waited 10 min after bus was full, not sure why.
What would have been an 8 min taxi  ride took over an hour with all the stops.
And we only saved $5 for the two of us compared to a taxi.
Just say no to Slowtime.

Worst Customer Service in Vegas!!
Not worth the time!!
It's much easier to take a taxi and cheaper too, if you have 2-4 people.
Standing around for the shuttle was bad enough, but then you have to drop everyone off at their hotels.
Hop in a cab.
Much easier!
All they care about is your money, they could care less about your time or needs.

Absolutely awful.
This is the worse shuttle in Vegas.
Thanks to this company, my trip ended horribly.
I almost missed my flight, had to check late baggage, and take another shuttle to get to the airport.
If I didn't, I would have been screwed and stuck in Vegas.
The funny thing is that I paid them round trip, imagine that, so I ended up having to dish out more money so I could get home.
I would NEVER be stuck with them again, I don't care how cheap they say they are.
Sometimes you get what you pay for....cheap service.

Worst.
Experience.Ever!
Took over an hour once we were picked up at the airport to get to our hotel.
Driver drove like a madman and did not obey traffic rules or display good traffic judgement.
He also bitched and moaned how he should not have worked today the entire time.
Horrible.
Don't bother with them.
Just pay for a cab!

Wait was forever.
Staff wasn't very friendly either.
Round trip was $12, i think that's average, but I would have just taken a cab if I knew it was gonna be such a long wait

SCAM SCAM SCAM!!
I WILL NEVER USE THIS COMPANY AGAIN.
They picked us up fine from the airport to the hotel, but going back to the airport was horrible.
The shuttle never even showed up.
We called them numerous times, the customer service lady kept telling us, oh the driver is on the way, just wait there.
We waited an hour and 45 min.
We had to catch a cab to the airport.
We even called the customer service for refund, but they didn't even pick up the phone.
SHOWTIME TOURS IS SCAM.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GREAT TIME IN VEGAS, DON'T EVER USE THIS COMPANY.

I wish I could give them 0!
I have a friend in wheel chair called them 3,2,1 and days before we headed to Vegas to remind them we need a AVA accessible vehicle.
Once we got to las Vegas this shuttle was rude, disrespectful, and late.
They constantly treated as if we were a burden and my handicap friend was miserable.
Never use this company.

Awful Awful Awful!
Wait half an hour for a shuttle that never arrived.
Called several times only to be told that it was running late and would just be a few more minutes.
Then the shuttle flew by without stopping and they told us that we were no shows!
Were we supposed to throw ourselves in front of a moving vehicle?
Completely crappy.
Finally took a cab, which was only about 2 bucks more.
Would never ever do business with them again.

(This review was originally from 2/15/2012, but it got saved in my drafts instead of posting by accident)  I'm writing this as I sit on a Showtime shuttle bus.
I am usually a regular traveller to Vegas and have my routines.
However I had a stretch of about 6 months where I didn't visit.
I normally have my routines and had come to rely on Grey line for my airport transfers, however I just landed in Vegas and to my dismay they are out of business.
So I was suddenly forced to trek the long row of shuttle companies and choose a new one.
I descended upon the Showtime counter where the agent didn't greet me with a friendly hello or anything but just a "where are you going".
I forked over my plastic and said a goodbye to $13 of my hard earned dollars and was told to head over to the long line of 15 or 20 people at sign number two.
In the freezing cold I waited and waited and chatted with my fellow frozen line goers who were helplessly in search of the same shuttle van that we were waiting to descend upon sign number two.
After about 30 minutes, and after freezing like a popsicle, our shuttle bus now arrived with more people standing in like than it could take.
We made a few stops, and then I finally made it to my hotel, about an hour and some change after I landed.
Will Use a different shuttle company next time.
I miss Grey Line!

Why didn't I check the reviews first?
Instead, I just picked the first shuttle company that was there.
Incompetent AND rude, to boot!
The ride from the airport to the convention hotel was fine, even a pleasant driver.
The ride back to the airport, scheduled for 4:00.
I call to check the status at 4:00, just as a check to make sure everything's normal, since delays happen, etc.
"It'll be there in five minutes.
" At 4:10, I call again.
"It'll be there in less than five minutes.
It's "just down the street," At 4:20, guess what I hear again?
She contacted them and it'll be there in five minutes, it's just down the street.
At 4:30, they finally say that the shuttle actually already left for the airport and they'll send another.
Which arrives finally at 4:45.
Did I mention that they say to wait outside and it's 107 degrees out?
45 minutes in the heat isn't exactly fun.
If they'd said from the start that it would be a 45 minute wait I could have gone inside and waited.
The dispatcher didn't actually apologize for the delay until I prompted her during the 4:20 call.
So either the dispatcher was talking out of something other than her mouth when she said that she had talked to the driver and he was just down the street, or they never actually scheduled the pick up and were going to get me only if there was room and there wasn't.
Or, to be paranoid, she gets some fun from telling drivers to skip pickups.
Judging from her attitude, the last option isn't exactly that unlikely.
Wouldn't use them again unless the alternative were walking.

Terrible shuttle service.
When you come out of the terminal, you can't see the sign telling you where to stand - it's 3 feet off the ground and surrounded by the crowd of waiting people.
Then there aren't enough busses.
No where near ... We waited over 30 min for a bus.
There's no organization, no one directing drivers or people.
Weakest shuttle I've experienced.
A shame.
Avoid.

This is as good as it gets for transportation to the strip hotels from the airport.
My experience has always been good (not great).
More recently, the driver was so busy trying to get a tip from a passenger, I had to literally get my own luggage from the back of the truck.
Needless to say, he wasn't tipped.
The price was $7 one way and $13 rountrip.
From what I hear, it is approximately $17 one-way to take a cab from the strip to the airport.
Very simple process!
Just call them 24 hours before you depart and they will give you the time they will be outside to pick you up.
On the return, they told me they would be outside at 8:40 PM and they showed up at 8:36 PM.
Sold!!

The wait was ridiculous!!
I landed in Vegas for the SEMA show which I was VERY excited about.
I was hooked up with an awesome room at the new Aria hotel and was psyched to start my evening with a gym workout, sauna, shower, and head down the strip with a beer in hand.
However, the Showtime Tours shuttle took literally an hour and 15 minutes to show up at the airport.
I DEFINITELY could have walked to the Aria hotel by then.
I get the feeling that the long wait was not out of the ordinary for them.
I asked twice "is the shuttle going to come soon?
" and the reply was always "it's on it's way".
GREAT... on it's way from where, Washington, DC???
Anyways, at least a struck up a conversation with a nice guy that owned a company that made big signs you put on the side of buildings and trucks and other large objects.
Cool guy from the Red Bank area of Jersey.
Anyways, if you don't mind possibly waiting over an hour, I GUESS this could be a decent ride.
However, from now on, I'm taking a taxi or walking the 45 min.

Never again.
Rude service at counter.
Rude drivers.
Great first impression of Las Vegas!
I am sure it sucks to ingest carbon monoxide all day but don't take it out on the visitors to the city when they first arrive.
I didn't expect much, pick me up, drop me off.
Showtime managed to screw up even my lowest expectations.

I wish I could give it a 0 rating.
I have never rated anyone on Yelp before but dealing with this company was the absolutely biggest headache I have ever dealt with.
They lost my reservation 3 times in total and after spending 3 hours on the phone being transferred back and forth from reservations to dispatch and back again they finally claimed it was fixed only to find out when I got on the shuttle that they were claiming I hadn't paid when I had paid by credit card hours earlier.
The bus driver himself was beyond rude and after arguing with me for 30 minutes drove 10 miles an hour to try to ensure I missed my flight.
I had to pay cash on the bus (after I had already paid by credit card) and they are now refusing to give me a refund for my credit card payment.
Thank you Southwest airlines for actually understanding customer service and holding the flight for me.
Showtime Tours is a joke of a company and should be avoided at all costs.

Worst service ever, first they wanted to pick me up three hours before my flight.
I was staying at MGM, so it should only be 5-10 minutes to the airport.
When I questioned it, was told if I went later, they were not responsible for me missing my flight.
I told them I would take my chances.
They were supposed to be there at 6, I waited until 6:30 and then got a cab.
Will take a cab from now on, got me to the airport in 5 minutes.
Felt bad for the people still sitting there waiting for the shuttle.
SHOWTIME SUCKS!

The WORST experience ever!!!!!!!!!
I will crawl across glass, rocks and burning coal to get to the airport before I use this horrible company....First, our shuttle was supposed to pick us up at 3:00 pm...i guess being there at 2:50 wasn't early enough because it came and went.
SO when i called, the woman from showtime says the bus is minutes away.....Well 30 minutes later, a bus pulls in the lot...Out jumps a hefty black woman who spoke jive..Once i made out what she was saying, which was I am the 4:00 bus..I asked if we could board...She says she only has 2 empty seats...After i bitched for a minute and she stormed away and placed a phone call, she came back and like a bitch said to board the bus which was completely empty....Keep in mind the airport is 5 minutes away....She then circled throughout Las Vegas, with no air conditioning on and it was 115 degrees out...She pulled through the lots of all casinos, including driving all the way back to the mirage, which is where she picked us up originally.
Along this fun journey, we did a U-turn going 20 miles an hour over a median, in which my 66 year old father almost flipped out of his seat..Then when i finally arrived at the airport an hour later, I called their customer service...
The woman seemed helpful and was supposed to handle the incident and contact me back...well that was 5 weeks ago and i have heard nothing...People, please take a cab...Dont waste ur money!!!!!!!!!!!!

I was not impressed with this company.
The ride from the airport to our hotel on the strip was fine.
We waited about 10 minutes at the airport, and our bus only made one stop before getting to our hotel.
The whole process took about 30 minutes.
When it came time for our return trip to the airport, however, our shuttle never came to pick us up.
We waited about 30 minutes after our designated pick up time and then caught a ride with another shuttle company.
Do not pay for a round trip ticket.

We stayed at the Palms and had the concierge reserve 2 seats for us on this shuttle to take us to the airport.
We waited  about 40 minutes from the time they were supposed to pick us up and they were not there.
We had the hotel call them and they said they were on their way but another 20 minutes later we were still there waiting.
At this point so as to not miss our flight we took a cab.
The cab ride from the Palms to the Airport was $20, the shuttle was supposed to be $9 per person ($18 for two people).
We paid only $2 more for a comfortable cab ride.
Take a cab it is cheaper and more secure.
This company NEVER showed up to pick us up!!!

Seriously, this place is an absolute scam.
They're in a prime location outside the airport and you'll see tons of people lined up.
We waited over 45 minutes out in the heat just to get on the shuttle, and then had to wait for them to drop off at all these hotels before ours.
It took over an hour just to get from the airport to the Luxor.
On the way back, we opted for a cab.
It was only $18, with tip, for four people.
But I would have gladly paid the $18 the first time, since it took less than 15 minutes to get from the hotel to the airport.
It was $14 for my husband and I to do a one way trip on this bogus shuttle service.
Stay away.

Horrible the guy yelled at us for having to much luggage, almost ran over pedestrians and honked repeatedly at them while they had right away.
Worst experience very upset that I paid for round trip.
currently on shuttle that bad!

I was scared to book this place or any shuttle for that matter after reading all the scathing reviews.
What I did notice that most complaints were based on the return trip to the airport.
With this in mind I opted just to get a one way from the airport to the hotel and not a round trip.
My experience with the one way was good.
When I landed and walked out of the airport the shuttle was there and waiting outside with the air conditioning on full blast.
To be honest I was actually getting too cold in the shuttle while waiting for the other passengers.
I was one of the first ones on the shuttle and they do wait for it to fill up before they go so keep that in mind if you are in a hurry to get to your destination.
Our driver introduced himself as "Big Mike" and was nice.
He explained that we were all going to get dropped off in the order of whose hotel was closest from the airport and so forth.
His driving skills were good and he did not honk his horn once to any other vehicle or pedestrian and this was on a busy Friday night.
I stayed at the Monte Carlo and from the time I landed to when I finally got to the hotel took a little over an hour.
My return flight was early in the morning so I took a cab back to the airport which costed $15 but that included tip.
Overall I had a good experience and will use them again if I ever find myself flying into Vegas.

Decent shuttle service, nothing really special, but no complaints either.
Way better than Executive shuttle, which has the rudest driver.
Good price and quick response time, will use them in the future.

I was apprehensive when I saw Showtime's yelp reviews after my friends and I just bought round trip tickets to and from our hotel without checking yelp first!
We waited about 30-40 mins before our shuttle finally arrived to take us to the hotel.
By that time, we were exhausted and anxious to get to the hotel and rest.
Concerning the controversy of whether this place is a scam or not, my experience turned out not to be scamalicious.
Maybe there's something sketchy with some of the drivers or the busier pick up times?????
I had a pickup time from my hotel of 10am and the shuttle arrived at about 10:10am.
Although I misplaced my voucher on the way out of the hotel restaurant (ugh), they were able to confirm my pickup with dispatch.
I really appreciated that.
They are very good at estimating how much time is needed to allow plenty of time to catch your flight.
I would just recommend that you double check that they have your pick-up time correct in the system the day of or night before.
I know I did!
I will say that my friend did not have as good of an experience.
She had a 1pm pick up time on a Monday and the shuttle was already filled up with passengers when it arrived, so she had to pay another shuttle company to take her to the airport.

I suspect the only way Showtime Tours get new customers is based on those people (like us) who did not and should have checked their reviews.
This company is almost rouge in it's behavior.
The shuttle was dirty.
The seats stained.
The floor was  dusty with dirt.
The driver was late.
He had a packed bus.
He threw luggage in the back and after getting out it was up to people to find their own luggage he unpack on the street, not even placing it on the curb.
You are suppose to call to set up a departure reservation.
Really, don't bother.
The phone lines are always busy.
I don't believe this company ever had intentions of returning and why should they when they do not give refunds.
If you have doubt then do this, BEFORE booking with Showtimes online, call their phone lines and see what happens.
Nothing.
If you cannot reach a person at a company that should tell a customer to walk away from using them.
In Showtimes case, run.
We used Executive Las Vegas instead and they provided great service!
We were so pleased we will be sending a letter to the company, plus write a few positive reviews.

My wife and I brought round trip tickets from  and to McCarran.
The person at the desk informed me that I do not have to call for pick-up service because it is noted on the ticket and to be sure to be at the designated location by 11:30 PM.
The night of my pick-up we went to the designated pick up area at 11:20 PM.
At 11:26 PM I called just to check if the shuttle would be on time.
The dispatcher informed me that they are running about 5 to 10 minutes late.
At 11:40 PM I called back and asked for an update.
The dispatcher informed me that the shuttle driver came by at 11:35 PM and no one was there.
I informed the dispatcher that we have been out front from 11:20 PM and the door man of the hotel was out front since 11:00 PM and no airport shuttle came by.
We had to catch a cab to the airport.
If they can lie about this,  I hate to think what else they would do.
I will attempt to get reimbursement for my cab fare which I think they will not do.
A follow up review to follow after I talk to them.
Paul Y.

Probably a little too generous on the review at two stars.
Quick check in at the desk and low cost transportation from the airport to the hotel, but a very long wait for the bus.
The folks who work for Showtime walk slower than a turtle and show next to zero interest in their basic job of getting you from A to B.
Excited to get to our hotel to get to gambling, the wait was painful.
Guess you get what you pay for, but would not recommend Showtime.

WARNING!
:  Ride at your own risk.
Late, rude, unprofessional, beat up shuttles.
Our Shuttle Bus broke down only 5 minutes out of the airport.
We waited for hours for another Showtime Shuttle to stop and pick us up.
The Showtime Shuttle Buses were flying by us every few minutes.
But, none of them ever stopped to assist any of the passengers.
Please read the warnings on here.
I wish I had before we hopped on Showtime Tours.
I am not even listing the problems we had on the return to the airport.
It is too long.

If I could give them zero stars, I would!
Absolute rude and unprofessional staff.
Late, unorganized, and wreckless.
Not worth the headache or money!
Take a taxi or other shuttle service.

We had a very bad experience with this company.
They are not well run, and don't have the ability to come on time.
Even after repeated calls they were over 45 minutes late, unacceptable for travel to the airport.
Added a lot of stress to my trip.
Take a taxi or any other service in Las Vegas.

This is an atrocity of shuttle service.
Bought roundtrip tickets from airport to hotel.
Waited about 15 minutes on the airport, which is ok considering this is a pooled shuttle.
However, the returning trip was horrible.
I waited 15 minutes, didn't see the bus, so I called and they made some excuse about the "strip being closed".
Seriously?
Why do I see other shuttles coming to the hotel?
The guy said the bus will be here in an hour.
I decided to take one of the other shuttles that were coming and got in their line.
About 20 minutes later, the original bus showed up.
So the shuttle was about 40 minutes late, and they some excuse that it will be 1.25 hours late.

They told me they would pick me up at 11:15am from the Wynn.
I was outside since 11am.
No car at 11:30.
I called twice and they said allow 15-20 min for traffic.
Now it's 11:45 and still no car.
Terrible, don't use

Good Shuttle service from the airport at the Southwest terminal.
Its the only one that is not cash-only so you can swipe it.
The British guy standing around was pretty rude, but the driver was nice.
As a rule of thumb, I just take *any* airport shuttle on the return to the airport that just happens to be at the Hotel when I'm leaving.

Horrible customer service.
I asked one guy if he went to my desired hotel.
Didn't even say yes or no.
"Buy your ticket" he said in a rude manner.
The ladies at the desk didn't provide me with a receipt.
I came back for it.
They blamed me for NOT asking or it.
Oh my fault.
You could have asked me lady.
Not like Ashe was super busy.
I have friends that come here often.
Ill vehemently tell them to not use this shuttle service.

SCAM, SCAM, SCAM!!!!!!!!!
Buyer beware!
They will scam you out of your money and leave you standing there wondering what just happened.
We booked with Showtime Shuttles through Orbitz, figuring we can't go wrong.
Wrong!!!!
When we arrived into Las Vegas we found the Showtime desk outside and checked with the clerks.
They told us they were running about 30 minutes behind.
We waited and waited and waited.
Finally after an hour of waiting a shuttle finally made it to our stop.
The bus loaded up full and out we headed.
As each passenger departed the bus the driver told them there was no need to get a voucher, he was not giving any out but it would be no problem to get a return trip.
***If you are foolish enough to use this service do not let the bus leave unless you have a voucher in hand.
This is where they will scam you.
***  Upon calling them for the return trip they arrived 30 mins.
late for our pickup.
The same driver that dropped us off picked us up.
He asked for our vouched we told him that he didn't give us one the night he dropped us off even that he told us we didn't need one.
He looked at me and began to do the "me no understand" Bull****.
He said he could not take us back with out us paying more money.
I told him to take a hike.
If you use these services you will be taken!
Beware, Beware, Beware!!!!!!!

I sooooooo wish I had looked on Yelp prior to getting on this shuttle!
NEVER USE SHOWTIME!
We bought round trip non-refundable tix.
NEVER AGAIN.
We asked the lady at the counter if the Tropicana would be first.
She said yes.
Then we followed up with the driver if the Tropicana would be the first stop to which the driver replied, "I haven't figured it out yet".
We were like why?
And he said he hasn't tallied up the hotels yet.
Okay.
We get inside the shuttled and its PACKED!
We found a spot in the back.
10 minutes goes by and the driver is still futzing around with the suitcases.
Then a few minutes after that, more people board the shuttle.
5 minutes later the driver finally boards.
He asks for everyone to sit down....well, there are no more seats.
People had to sit on others laps.
The driver is listing off the hotels that he is going to and completely ignores the hotel we are going to.
I don't know if he was trying to be funny, but it wasn't.
After we yell our our hotel, the driver finally says it.
His first stop was going to be like the Bellagio or something on that end of the strip.
We complain - he said, "Its the drivers choice - I'm not on a route".
We were not thrilled and complained to him and he said he would like to drop us off on the side of the road and leave us there.
He went on to talk about prostitution and the high heels the hookers wear.
Crap about the Bonnie Ranch v Bunny Ranch.
Stupid ass obviously pays to get laid.
So we called Showtime and their customer service was rude on the phone too.
We told them the shuttle was packed with patrons sitting on laps of others.
They said its not allowed and said that they can see in the shuttles with their cameras and they did not see this.
UGH.
Whatever - I guess the customer is not right in Showtimes opinion.
I have picture proof assholes!
Anyway - driver held us HOSTAGE as the Tropicana was last hotel.
That driver was a dick - trying to prove that he has all the power.
Fortunately, we had a driver that was on time for the way back to the airport.

Wow!!!
Faith in humanity restored  I used their service to shuttle from the airport to our hotel.
And I left my mobile in the bus.
Realized after checking into the hotel which is like a full half hour after I deboarded.
Called their dispatch and the person sent an empty shuttle specifically to my hotel with my hotel.
Thank you SHOWTIME.
I saved at least a 300-400$ for you.
Will be using your service whenever I go to Vegas.

Terrible.
It took 1 1/2 hours to get a shuttle and go 4 miles to The Palazzo.
Save yourself and get a taxi.

If you like waiting then this is the company for you.
The people are fine but forget about punctuality, it's not here.
Take a cab and save some time.

NOOOO!
Never ever again!
I will use BellTrans for life.
They "forgot" us at our hotel!
An hour later they send a "rescue" bus to get us picked up.
We called and called and I even left 2 complains.
Never heard back from anyone.
This seriously could have put our flight in jeopardy.
Just because you have a paper showing you've paid, what time they will pick you up and a conformation number doesn't mean SQUAT.
NEXT!

Do not use unless you like waiting and being forgotten!
Took me over an hour to get to my hotel from the airport.
The return trip they forgot to stop at our hotel.
If I didn't call them I would still have been waiting.

take a taxi, take a taxi, take a taxi!!!
you get what you pay for.

Very poor service.
DO NOT USE THIS SHUTTLE SERVICE!
First, the staff is incredibly rude.
I had forgotten to print out my vouchers before hand, and the lady at the desk looked at me and said "Shame on you.
" As if printing a ticket is that hard?!
Second, on our return trip to the airport, we had arrived 5-10 minutes early to the stop.
The driver got out of the van, greeted us, then accused us of being late!
We even left before the scheduled pick up time.
Granted, we could have been a couple more minutes early, but we were early regardless.
How rude of the driver to accuse us of being late.
The lines were also incredibly slow, and the staff was ultimately very unfriendly.
Please, save your time and money and take a taxi or some other service.

We waited a little bit after landing for our shuttle, after working from one end of the airport to the other.
They changed the numbers on the doors in the airport, so unless we asked someone where they were located, we'd still be looking for them.
Booking beforehand was definitely worth it, since I kept reading that taxis rip people off.
Luckily, we didn't have a bad experience with showtime.
The "bus" isn't that big and reminds me of a smaller version of a school bus.
Our driver going was very funny & entertaining.
Upon departure, the shuttle came a few minutes earlier than expected and dropped us off right at the Terminal door.
Not a bad ride.

Worst ever.
I should have listened to previous reviews.
The driver spent nearly the entire ride talking about how many people died walking from casino to casino.
Nice.
Welcome to Vegas.
He was also yelling the whole time.
the bus was so hot and didn't have AC.
Driver yelled and cussed at other drivers.
Just a completely miserable experience.

I took this shuttle from the Las Vegas hotel expecting to get a ride to my Hotel on the trip.
The bus overheated, and the very inept driver- Mr. Keith Lawrence-  seemed far more concerned about his bus than taking care of his 15 passengers.
He refused for 10 minutes to even call for another bus to pick up his 15 stranded travelers.
His courtesy was poor and don't give a darn attitude was all I saw.
I has to flag down a cab and pay $15 cab fare.
Mr. Lawrence promised me a refund, when I called their number, but I was refused after waiting and talking to 3 different people.
INCOMPETENT!

DO NOT USE THIS SHUTTLE SERVICE UNLESS YOU ENJOY FEELING LIKE A SUCKER!
Seriously, waste your money on the slot machines and roulette table, don't let these jokers get your money.
We arrived at our hotel 2 HOURS AFTER our flight got in.
Our hotel was the Tropicana which is basically RIGHT NEXT DOOR to the airport - a 10 minute cab ride at most.
And I was stupid enough to buy a round trip ticket back to the airport which I never used because I would rather walk to the airport then ever have to  use this shuttle again.
I didn't look at the Yelp review for this place until I was already pissed off and held prisoner on the bus.
It takes forever, it's a ripoff and will put you in a foul mood.
TAKE A TAXI,  TRUST ME!

Hit or miss...but mostly a hit.
Only once has it been 15 min late in the last 3 years/6+ times I've been to Vegas.
That was going from Imperial Palace to McCarran and you could blame construction for that.
I always reserve online.
That's probably why.
I hear it's not ideal when you do everything via phone and at the airport.
It's your cheapest option back and forth from LAS.
I've had mostly empty buses and pleasant drivers.
I'll take those odds when in Vegas.

The other reviews can give you the details.
I'll make it easy with this statement:   If you think this airport shuttle service will be easier/cheaper/faster than waiting for a cab I strongly suggest you reconsider.
The ridiculous amount of hoops you must jump through and incredible length of waiting time makes this "service" one of the worst deals in Vegas.

I'm sitting here on the shuttle.
I waited for an hour and fifteen minutes.
Now I know it's a ten-minute cab ride from the airport.
I could see my hotel from the airport, even.
But you keep waiting because you've already waited so long.
Nobody was helpful enough to answer questions.
Oh, I booked online.
$15 return.
At the airport, it was $13.
I think I'm going to shell out for a cab back just avoid having to deal with these guys for the return trip.
All thumbs emphatically down.
A total mess.

Got us where we were going, not quickly however.we waited about 30 minutes to bored.driver was ok, poor customer service.to wait 30 minutes we could,ve been at a car rental spot and gone.use a rental.

I wish I had read the reviews before I booked a round trip ticket.
My trip to the hotel was fine.
The return trip to the airport never happened.
I walked out to the entrane where they are supposed to pick you up and the bus was already pulling away.
I am not familiar with Vegas so had no idea how long to get back to the aiport.
The dispatcher kept hanging up on me and placing me on hold.
I was so upset.
I wound up walking out on the strip with my two pieces of baggage in tow to the entrance of my hotel only t wind up in cab.I called these people for a refund after I returned homeand they flat out refused.
DON'T BOTHER

They must have made some changes reading the other reviews.
I walked out the airport door and checked in, got on bus and waited about 15 minutes and we were on our way.
The driver greeted me with a smile and was very nice.
Took my bag and escorted me onboard.
He drove very well, I watched him.
He followed the rules of the road.
He was very quick about his business.
The bus was plain, didnt have a bunch of adds or annoying announcements.
just plain transportation.
I am hoping my return to the airport will be as good.
edited this, please read my other posting for showtime tours.

They FORGOT to pick me up for my return flight after I made the reservations online days prior and called twice to verify my pickup time!
They sent another driver to get me after I waited FOR OVER ONE HOUR!
I almost missed my flight!!!!
JUST TAKE A CAB!

This is the WORST Airport shuttle Service I have ever taken and this will be my LAST!!!
I would have given it negative rating, if there was a rating system in numbers in Yelp and negative ratings were allowed............wish I had read the reviews here before booking it through Orbitz.......Orbitz offered it to me as an option when I booked a hotel through their site........  Reading the reviews of other users of their service I am NOT AT ALL surprised!!!
A bunch of LAIRS......they never came to pick me and my friends up from the hotel to the airport, after we had called the night before and reserved our return service with date and time.........this suckers were supposed to pick us up at 10:55 AM....we were in the Airport shuttle pick-up lot of our hotel at 10:40......when we called up at 11:10 seeing there was no shuttle yet, they said the shuttle is on its way and would be there in no time......well guess what it was 11:20 when we decided to call again and we were told the shuttle has already left our hotel and the next shuttle won't come before another 1 hour.....a blatant lie ...we were in the shuttle pickup area the whole time from 10:40........
Wait there is more.......they would never give you a courtesy call before they arrive......fair enough ....assuming their shuttle came to our hotel wasn't the driver supposed to  shout out for passengers?
All other shuttle drivers were doing just that.........if you don't call, don't shout out, how it is different from calling a random cab from the sidewalk?
There was more surprise in store for us.....we had to take a cab, otherwise one of us would have missed his flight.....and guess what the cab fare for 3 people was less than the shuttle service fare of 21$ !!!!!
........
Advise to all reading this review......If you are in a group of 2 or more, take a cab......it would be cheaper and you won't have to take their shit!!

This is a hard review for me.
When I arrived at the airport the service was quick and friendly.
Van was clean and free of annoying advertising.
Driver was courteous and polite.
On the return trip though it was like all the other reviews.
45 minutes late two drop off shuttles pulled in but were not dropping off.
One driver was very short with us and just drove off but another driver took the time to call in and see if he could take us and checked on the shuttle that was supposed to pick us up and he stayed with us till he got an answer.
I called twice and was told the same thing, be there in 15 minutes.
The driver finaly showed up and it was obvious he was stressed and didnt want to hear it from us but he was cool with us and got us to the airport quickly.
The drivers mostly seemed awesome but the company really needs to work on its routing.
While we waited three other companies made picks up 2-4 times, I will be using one of those companies next time.
If I hadnt purchased the priority pass from the airline for the security line and boarding I would have missed my flight.

HORRIBLE beginning of a trip!
I have never been treated so RUDELY in my life!
I bought a round-trip Showtime shuttle ticket as part of a Southwest Airlines vacation package to Las Vegas.
The 45+ minute wait for the shuttle was the easy part.
What was much worse was the driver's rude and dangerous behavior!
After he took my RT voucher I asked how do I  get back to the airport without the voucher and he said, "You are very confused!
" -- and then he gave this evil laugh.
I said absolutely nothing because I was shocked and could tell THIS DRIVER WAS TROUBLE!
Then, instead of dropping me at the Flamingo Hotel, he took me to a dark alley about a five minute walk behind my hotel and said, "This is where YOU get off!
If you don't like it, file a complaint!
"   Rather than take a chance of staying another minute with this ShowTime driver...
I got out of the shuttle and walked through the dark empty alley alone with all my luggage at night.
I felt it was safer than staying in that Showtime Shuttle Bus with that driver.
After reading all the other reviews about this terrible company both on Yelp and TripAdvisor, it seems this may indeed be a one-way scam.
Even though you pay for a roundtrip ticket, they only do airport pickups.
And to ensure you don't use them again they are rude and insulting.
If you would like to start your trip in a good way and value your life and your time, I'd highly recommend taking another shuttle service.
DO NOT USE THESE GUYS!
And I do not understand why a company such as SouthWest Airlines would ever partner with them.
THEY ARE THE WORST OF THE WORST OF THE WORST.

This is the worst shuttle service you will ever see in your life.
The whole experience was a nightmare.
We departed the airport and found their booth outside and waited in line only to find out since we had a voucher we did not need a ticket.
It did not state anywhere on there about that.
Next we went over to stand in line and wait for the shuttle with the other 50 or so people.
Shuttle took 15-20 minutes to arrive.
It took another 15 minutes to load and depart and then it was another 15 minutes before another one arrived.
Luckily I was able to get on that one, but what a fiasco.
They have the worst service and are way too slow.
They want you to call in advance to arrange your return pick up and they come and get you 2-3 hours before you need to be at the airport.
F*** that.
These people will never see me or any of my money again.
We are taking a cab back to the airport since we are close I think it would have been cheaper just to take a cab in the first place.
Never use these people they are horrible and you will regret it.
Big mistake I will never make again EVER!!!!!!!!!

Takes forever to get your hotel.
I've taken other services that were the same price and faster.
Skip this one

Terrible business.
They do not honor your payment when you pay through a third party (I paid ahead of time when I booked my flight) nor will they come and pick you up even when you have scheduled a pick up time (for some reason they decided not to show up on time so I ended up just getting a taxi to the airport; I wasn't going to miss my flight over their lack of service).
Also they stated they could not refund my purchase.

I just returned from Las Vegas.
Apparently Southwest Airlines uses Showtime Tours because when I booked my flight and hotel  I also paid for a round-trip shuttle to and from the airport.
I was automatically assigned to Showtime.
The trip from the airport was excellent.
The shuttle was waiting and the driver was great.
Got to my hotel in no time.
On the other hand, the return to the airport is another story.
I called 24 hours ahead of my pickup just like they suggested.
When I called she asked what time was my flight I said 8:30am.
She said we will be there at 5:10am.
Are you kidding???
I asked her to repeat what she said.
She said "we will pick you up in the front of your hotel at 5:10am.
"  When I asked why so early she said "please be in front of the hotel at 5:10 am  and if no one is there within 15 minutes of that time call us.
"  At 5:30 am the shuttle arrived.
At  5:50 am I was sitting in the airport with 2 1/2 hours to wait.
So what did I do.
I sat in front of a slot machine what else?
The only thing that made the 2 1/2 hour wait worthwhile was the jackpot I hit just before they called my flight.

Wish I had read the reviews first.
Everything about "worst shuttle service" etc... is true.
I bought the tickets (they charge $7 one-way for anyone over the age of 3), and then when they saw I had cardboard boxes with me, they forced me to take a refund because they don't "carry freight".
I said Southwest didn't have a problem, and how was I supposed to get all my stuff back to the hotel with three kids in 105 degree weather.
I get the impression that the drivers have a lot of leeway when picking up customers (kind of like taxi drivers), because he offered us the ride anyways, he said he would take us if we paid a good tip and he charged me for my son (who is 3 1/2), even though they hadn't charged for him at the ticket office.
I didn't haggle with him, but paid what he asked ($29 for the four of us plus an $8 tip for the bags), and I explained to him that they had only charged us for three people at the counter, so if he had to pay them something for taking us, make sure not to include the fourth person.
Sort of like an extra tip.
After that, the driver gave me a piece of advice: rent a taxi van instead and save some money.
If I was reviewing the driver I would have given him at least three stars.
I think he was British.

We were staying at the Aria hotel (6/6/13).
When making the reservation for the Showtime Tours shuttle, they suggested a pickup of 9:25pm since our flight was at 11pm.
I agreed.
We went to the lobby to wait for our shuttle at 9pm  At 9:40 I called because our shuttle was late picking us up to take us to the airport.
They said the shuttle was there on time but didn't see anyone so they left (A huge lie)  Thankfully (after many phone calls), they sent someone within 10 min (His name is Brandon and he was super friendly )  Next time, I'll do research on more reliable transportation

Stupid me.
I failed to read the reviews.
Wish I had.
They are the best shuttle service at getting people in line to buy a ticket.
Only then do you realize the available buses are limited an you Iine up waiting 45 mins for the queue line and buses to show up.
Take a cab!

Waited an hour on a Saturday night at 7pm for a shuttle from the airport to the strip.
Every employee was rude and unhelpful.
The return trip was 1/2 hour late and the driver was also very rude.
If you value your time take a taxi.
LV needs real mass transit and not these thieves.

Gets you to your hotel  Pros Good value  Cons May take awhile to get to your hotel  I was originally going to take a taxi to the hotel, but I asked one of the info desks what was the best way to get there, and he suggested Showtime.
I stayed at a place just off the Strip (the Rio - avoid it if at all possible) so it cost me about $9.50 instead of $7.50.
You go directly across the mini-road to get to the stop from the ticket office, and the bus places are clearly labeled.
Unfortunately, one of the buses was already there and the driver was sitting in the seat, so I tried to get on, knocking on the door.
The driver brushed me away quite rudely without taking the five seconds to open the door and explain that he was full.
(I figured that part out after I took the next shuttle).
My shuttle driver, Kristen, was awesome.
She was very polite, friendly, and gave clear directions as to where we would be going.
There was even another group and she warned them that it would take some time for us to get to their hotel - she really made the trip much more tolerable.
From the moment I bought the ticket to the moment I was dropped off at my hotel, it took about 1.5 hours.
I didn't mind that since this was my first time in Vegas, and as we dropped off other passengers at this hotel, I saw it as an opportunity to have a free site-seeing tour of Vegas.
Next time I go to Vegas, I'll be using this service.

Terrible service just like everybody says.
12:15 pickup became 1:30.
Why????
Pre booked too!!
Stay away from them.
Save the $13-$17 for your gambling.
ZERO STARS!!

AVOID AT ALL COST.
I know you got off the plane and you're tired but excited and just want to get to your hotel asap.
They know the game and placed their ticket booth and salespeople right at the airport exit.
And most likely, if you haven't done any research beforehand, like me, you'd fall into their trap and purchase their shuttle service.
Now this is more deceptive than any blackjack game.
Now what do you get?
Super long wait (at least 45 mins) to the hotel, and 45 mins late back to the airport.
Fine I don't mind being a little late to the hotel but I DO MIND NOT CATCHING MY FLIGHT!
I called and they put me on hold for 20 mins and told me to wait 7 more mins or else they'd send a rescue bus over.
Hello?!
You should send a limo to rescue me from the Bellagio RIGHT NOW!
I saw the fountain show three times during my wait!!
Overall, just do Bell Trans (haven't tried but during my wait at the hotel I saw two arrived) or get a cab.
Save your money, time and every..and the potential to miss your flight.

Wish I had read the reviews before booking through my airline.
Terribly run.
Waited 45 minutes to get on a shuttle.
Everyone working here is rude.
I must agree, AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
Take a cab, walk, anything is better than this shuttle service.

I was waiting for the shuttle to pick me up from my hotel.
It didn't arrive at said time.
I called the phone number, and the person was very rude to me about waiting for the ten minute window.
15 minutes later, I called again and they said it had come and gone.
I was standing there waiting the entire time with two other people.
They told me that they had used another shuttle service to help them out that day.
How we were supposed to know that the shuttle would have a different name on it?
Couldn't they have told us that when we called?
So we ended up sharing a cab.
Horrible!

Don't use them their pick ups or not ever 15 min.

Use a cab instead.
I can't stress this enough!
I had three full hours to get to the airport for my Monday flight out, and we waited for a full hour, no bus (even though we prepaid!).
We ended up taking a cab instead, and realized that it was THE SAME COST!
Oh, and can I get my money back for the fare I didn't use?
Not an option says the lady on the customer service line.
Sure, you might think that this bus is a less expensive route, but you would be sorely mistaken when you miss your flight.
You have been warned.

I would have given 0 stars but since I have to give something 1 it is.
NEVER EVER take this shuttle!!!!
Lady at ticketing booth said shuttle would come every 5 mins.
After waiting oh about 25 mins the hubby went to try and get his money back and the rude ass lady said they come every 15 mins...well after waiting a total of about 45 mins the shuttle finally came.
Please don't give his company your money/business.
Rude asses shouldn't be in customer service jobs!!!

An ABSOLUTE joke!
Arrived at the airport, purchased my ticket and boarded the shuttle.
Was asked for my destination to which I replied "Harrah's".
There were about 10 other people on the shuttle, about 5 total destinations.
We arrived at the first stop and the driver announced "Paris".
No one got up to "claim" the destination.
The driver points to me and says this is your stop.
I say "no, I am at Harrah's".
Okay, simple miscommunication error, names sound somewhat similar...HAHA, move on, right?
WRONG!
The driver proceeds to berate me and goes on that it is unbelievable that I would tell him to go to the wrong hotel and tells me that he will probably take me to my destination, BUT it will probably not be until everyone else is dropped off!
I was appalled and sat there nodding in agreement (because it was my only option at this point and would accept the punishment for, apparently, telling him the name of a random hotel that has nothing to do with my itinerary) and endured the one minute rant that the driver continued on.
I guess those with heavy accents hear things in the same accent and have a hard time understanding their own thoughts?
I sat in silent disbelief, running through my options...continue the uncomfortable journey, ask the driver to pull over and get off and find my own way or cause a scene about getting yelled at.
I figured it was not worth the effort and time to continue the ridiculous argument, so reluctantly decided to sit silent boiling over with anger and steam coming out of my ears...after all, why let them get away without providing a service that I had paid for?!?
So, we pull out of the hotel lot with under-the-breath mumblings from the driver, "why would you tell me Paris if that is not where you want to go?".
OMG, let it go already!
The driver, to my surprise, pulls into my hotel after making just one stop.
Again the decision...get off, thankful that I am at my destination and move on with life OR give the guy a piece of my mind.
I chose not to cause a scene and gathered my things to exit.
The driver keeps the doors closed, as if expecting a tip before my disembarkation.
I just stood there in awkward silence and he finally opened the door with a scoff as I exited the HELL-on-wheels vehicle.
WOW!
Expecting a tip after what just happened?
How about earning the tip with decent customer service...OR maybe just not YELLING at your customers!
I always tip something for services, but not this time.
I just forced a smile at the guy and said, "Have a good night!
"  Please, if you're interested, see their other listing for more thoughts.

So, continuing my story.
If you're interested, see their other listing for Part I:  Okay, so a bad experience...nightmare over, enjoy the trip.
So, the receipt gives instructions to call the day before to schedule your return trip to the airport.
I remembered this after dinner on the eve of my departure and call the number...on hold, "we'll get to your call in the order that is was received"...23 minutes later...got some plans to keep, will call in the morning.
Next day: My flight is 7:15 pm, I call at 9:30 am to, again, try to schedule my return back to the airport.
Someone answers after only about 1 minute of hold time, okay...maybe the trip from the airport and the phone thing last night is just a fluke.
The guy is actually pretty nice, but when I tell him about trying to call last night, no apology is offered, just that "we were really busy and there aren't that many of us"...wow, really?!?
I am just thankful not to be yelled at!
So, I am offered either the 4:15 shuttle or the 5:00 shuttle.
"I'll take the 5 o'clock because I don't want to wait around at the airport"...he says he understands and he confirms my hotel and makes sure I know where to go to get the shuttle.
4:55 pm, bags in hand, I make my way to the shuttle area and pace up and down the walkway, nervous that the vehicle is here already and I don't want to get left behind.
Not seeing it, I put my bags down, confirm with the valet that I am in the right area and have a seat...the valet nods and says it'll be either in this or that spot.."cool, thanks".
I wait by myself as hundreds of people board several other buses and shuttles and I diligently look out for my ride.
I look at my watch 5:10, 5:15...no shuttle.
I am getting nervous about my flight time getting closer and decide to give the company a call.
I explain the situation to the operator and she asks, "um, can I put you on hold?".
While listening to the on-hold message, I could hear that someone has picked up my line, but has placed me back on hold 3 times...2 minutes later, the steam is starting to seep out of my ears again!
She comes back on the line, "Uh, sir, we have your confirmation number, but do not have you scheduled for a pick-up today" I say, "So...what does that mean?
"   "I show you have a reservation for pick up, but it's for October 17th" "OK, it's Oct. 6th, that's a week and a half away.
There must be a mistake, I made the reservation this morning for TONIGHT.
"   She replies, "Nope, you made it for the 17th.
"   I try to stay calm, "OK so what are my options; I really need to get to the airport.
"   "That's up to you, we won't be able to help you out because it's too close to your boarding time.
"   I spot one of their vehicles pulling up to the hotel to drop off some passengers.
"Oh, one of your shuttles is pulling up now.
Can I hop onto that one.
"   "No, because it's not the shuttle you have reservations for.
" "So, how do I get to the airport to catch my flight?
" "I suggest you catch a cab to make sure you get there on time.
" "Is there any compensation from you company for the money I paid to you for the round trip ticket and for the taxi fare I am about to pay.
" "Not really because it's your error for not making your reservation correctly.
You can try to write a complaint and request a refund.
"  Call over, NEVER considering doing business with them again...AND I would STRONGLY recommend that NO one else give them business, UNLESS you want to be publicly humiliated, you enjoy being told you did something you know you didn't do AND you want to miss your flight!
Other than those things, I guess my experience was OK...LOL!
I usually wouldn't even write a negative review, but since every part of the experience was bad, I owed it to all the people that use YELP.
Since Showtime has two separate listings, I wanted to make sure that both get equal representation of my horrible experiences  After browsing through all the reviews, I guess the company knows they are on the way out and has to try to keep every penny they can collect.

Still on shuttle!
Waited over 30 minutes to even get started.
Driver acts like he doesn't care.
Won't use again.
Take a cab instead!

The worst transportation service in Las Vegas!
Please avoid.
I made the mistake of trying to save some money and purchased the round trip transportation to the strip and ended up waiting over 30min just to be told the next bus will take me.
No refunds...
So I ended up jumping in a cab.
Take Bell Trans same price and better customer service.

I wish I read the reviews before I decided to take this shuttle!!
DO NOT take this shuttle if you're staying at the Palms Resort and Casino.
You will be the last one dropped off and lose nearly an hour of good party time.
I paid $10.50 including tip.
I guess-timate cab fare to be somewhere around $15.. totally worth the extra $5!!
Also, it was a freakin' ice box in the shuttle.
It wasn't even hot outside!
Brrr..  Never taking a shuttle again!!

Do yourself a favor.
Grab a cab and don t wait 45 minutes after being told that its a 15 minute wait.
NO REFUNDS when you decide the wait isn t worth the lost time in Vegas.

Can't say "it's the worst" airport shuttle service in Las Vegas simply because I haven't tried all of them.
However, there's nothing good about this one.
Best advice would be to avoid this company even if it's FREE!!
This is if you would rather avoid a y hassles.
It took over an hour and a half to get from the airport to my hotel (Vdara).
On the return, I Was scheduled for 9:25Am pickup.
By 9:35Am, called to inquire how much longer before the shuttle arrive to pick me up?
They indicated they already came by and left at 9:25!
They are very BIG LIARS!!!!
I've been out in front of my hotel since 9:17 with no sign of the Showtime shuttle van in sight!!
I should've did some research prior to paying for a round trip ticket!!!
End up spending $14 plus tip for a relaxing carefree cab instead.
Should've went with the cab option in the first place!

This is a horrible company!
Paid online for tickets and still had to wait in line to get an actual ticket.
For my return trip the driver wouldn't take my ticket or receipt even though I had paid for 2 roundtrip tickets.
I asked for a refund from the company and not a peep out of them.

Refund was processed by merchant and got credited in my account.
Updating my review.
--------------------------Below review is not for the Actual Commute Service------------------ they should get 0 stars.
I have made a online reservation three weeks back.
I had to cancel my vegas travel plan due to work commitments.
I canceled the reservation on very next day and since then (over 3 weeks) no refund been posted on my account.
Tried calling their account section and they told me someone would get back to me.
Nothing.... Avoid it.

Made an appointment for pickup at 830am for flight at 10am.
At 840 called the operator to ask where the shuttle was and he said it will be there in 10min because of traffic but road was empty at this time.
At 855 called again and she said car was still in traffic.
Vegas is not that big.
Ended up just taking a taxi and praying I dont miss my flight

Very slow!
Hassled about not printing our tickets to ride.
Next time I'll take a taxi.

Bah why didn't I read reviews?
I've used Grayline before with no issues but they're closed today.
The waiting area for the busses is disorganized so while they'll tell you where to stand for your hotel, it's probably wrong.
Then you're going to wait 30+ minutes for the bus to show up because there are apparently only 2 shuttles running along 4 routes--for 2 airports!
This is on my permanent blacklist.

This was the WORST.
Our driver seemed to being the biggest moron who has ever lived!!
He kept checking and rechecking information and walking around outside of the bus for some inexplicable reason.
We arrived after a long flight at 1:00am and wanted nothing more than to get to our hotel and rest.
This guy prolonged the entire process to such a degree that what should have taken 15 mins took over an hour.
I am going to complain to anyone who will listen about the sheer incompetence and lack of consideration for the customer.
AVOID THIS AIRPORT SHUTTLE!

Awful.
We booked a flight and hotel and shuttle package and when we arrived at the door for the shuttle it was chaos.
People standing everywhere and not knowing which line to go in.
We waited for 45 minutes in line until a shuttle finally came.
Our driver was way quicker and more efficient than the other drivers we saw but the showtime tours organization was a complete cluster.
Wish there were more options at the airport that were quicker and reasonably priced.

I booked a round trip shuttle service at the airport.
I had a good experience actually.
$14 per person for round trip is very affordable.
After I brought my tickets, an empty shuttle was there ready for me.
Very smooth driving and  driver was friendly.
For the return shuttle, i booked one day ahead.
They told me to wait outside the lobby at 5:30pm.
I arrived on time but no bus and called the company, they told me the bus number and asked me to allow 15mins traffic delay.
The bus only late about 10 mins.
That was ok.
Nothing to complain about.

Booked this as hotel-airport shuttle instead of cab.
As we were staying at one of the more southerly hotels on the strip, knew that there wouldn't be too many stops after we got picked up (something to factor in otherwise cause I could see it taking forever to get to/from farther hotels).
Sat out in the sun a little early when a shuttle pulled up.
Driver saw us coming and yelled he was dropping off only.
No problem.
Then another shuttle pulled up just about at the time we reserved so we assumed it was our shuttle.
Driver, seeing us and another couple getting ready to board, lets one passenger off, quickly closes the door, and takes off without saying a word.
That was annoying.
Our shuttle arrive a few minutes late, understandable.
Our driver was a safe driver and courteous.

Do NOT use this company!
They ask you to reserve a time to take you back to the airport.
But, they don't bother to pick you up at the time you reserve.
We called several times because they were so late and each time we were told that they would be there soon.
After an hour of waiting, 2 buses showed up but they both said they had other pickups and someone else would be around to get us...eventually.
Worst experience with a shuttle company EVER!
I would rather pay the fortune a cab company charges then deal with this incompetence and poor customer service again!

Easy to book via telephone at hotel.
On time literally by the second.
The driver was in a rush but perfectly professional.
Ride from vdara to airport less than 15 minutes.
This service was better than my taxi ride to the strip by far.
Clean.
Air conditioned and I was by myself so had the huge van to myself!
Score!
Will use them every time I am in Vegas.
Quick.
Easy.
Comfortable.
Reliable.
What more could you ask for $7 plus tip???

Horrible.
An hour late on arrival.
Did not pick me up on departure.
I called for a reimbursement, and they asked me to "put it in an email", to an address that didn't work.
I'm surprised that Las Vegas strip hotels even permit the use of this service.

I'm only giving this 1 star because I cannot give it negative 10.
From the moment we met with the first Showtime tours staff we were instantly put off, talked down to, and belittled.
The man at the booth barked at us to move down to another booth to get our shuttle bus vouchers printed.
Then we waited in a short line of about three people that should have only taken minutes, but instead took nearly an hour.
It was not without incident though as Tammy screamed at the patrons to move behind the line.
When we finally made it to the window to be "greeted" by none other than the angelic Tammy.
We were pretty proud of ourselves for having our email with our travel itinerary pulled up to show Tammy just like the instructions said.
Tammy was not as delighted as we were.
Tammy balled at us for not printing it out.
Tammy handed us a scrappy business card and told us to forward the email to her.
Well the email was incredibly long with uppercase lowercase letters special characters and numbers.
We managed to send it four times ,but not quick enough for Tammy who told us to step aside but not to the empty space to the right but back to the left in the sea of people.
After Tammy finished arguing with the lady behind us for not printing out her travel vouchers, she came out to give us our print out.
Then the line for the shuttle bus.
This is where we met the even more pleasant Joelito, the driver.
He too like to yell at patrons and scold them for not having paperwork in 2014.
I think we would have been more comfortable hitchhiking with a family of clowns in a tiny car.
Take a cab you'll thank me.

This is the single most horrific transportation experience of my life.
Ive had better experiences in 3rd world countries .Busses come in every 30 mins or so.
But the driver is not always willing to take every passenger, so they pick and choose who they want out of line with zero regard for who came first.
After waiting an hour in the cold, we sat on a miserable., dangerous ride that made me extremely car sick.
The driver had me scared for my life several times.
HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rent a car or taxi instead of this miserable excuse for a business.

Wow, I really should've read the reviews before booking my round-trip shuttle for my recent trip to Vegas!
I agree with the other bad reviews, this company is pretty terrible.
I chose them at random from the McCarren Airport website.
It's sad that McCarren still recommends this company to passengers.
Had to wait in a ticket line when I arrived even though I had pre-paid for my vouchers.
Going back was the absolute worst.
I was given a pick-up time of 4 pm for a 6:30 pm flight.
I was staying at the Excalibur which is at the end of the Strip, so I thought pick-up would be a piece of cake.
I was outside the hotel waiting by 3:40 and at least 3 shuttles came and left because they were "dropping off" only.
I called 2 times and was told the same story "the driver is stuck in traffic and will be there within 10 minutes.
" I waited about a half an hour before a driver who was picking up passengers arrived.
But, he gave me a hard time because supposedly he was only picking up some other people who were "stranded.
" I told him I had been given a pick-up time of 4 and he didn't seem to care.
I finally had to beg him to let me on and he agreed only before barking at me to "meet him at the back of the van!
"  He then yelled at me to ask what my confirmation voucher number was, which I gave to him no problem.
What a jerk!
Avoid this shuttle service at all costs and take a cab!

If you decide to choose Showtime Tours for your ride into Las Vegas from McClaren Airport do not buy a round trip ticket.
Instead, buy only a one way because Showtime Tours, once they have your round trip money, schedules returns only every hour, so you are stuck waiting on the airport 45 minutes extra.
What a waste of time.

This is the worst idea ever.
The bus tool forever because it kept stalling and we had to stop on the strip and everywhere else.
I never did this shuttle before and I never will.
Not worth the ten dollars you save one way.
I almost got out and walked if it wasn't for the two suitcases.
Bus 2058 needs repairs.

Horrid!!!!
No AC, driver drives like an ass and doesn't pay attention to where he's dropping people off!
Not a great start to Vegas, sadly!

Why is there still no zero stars rating option on Yelp?
This 'business' deserves it for failing to provide enough shuttles for the endless lines of arriving passengers; for allowing sadistic employees like Willie to browbeat paying customers waiting hours for the nonexistent shuttles; and for drivers who refuse to carry passengers to their hotels because they're inconveniently "too far off the Strip.
"  A very sad joke.

They are lucky I can't give a zero star review.
Not only did my group wait over an hour for a bus at the airport, but when we finally got to the front of the line, the bus driver Mike said he couldnt make any more stops, and then proceeded to take people from the back of the line to the front.
As the bus was leaving, he fish tailed and bumped my arm with the bus even though I was on the sidewalk in the designated passenger waiting area.
When our bus finally came, the beginning of the line miraculously became the end of the line!!!
You have been warned!
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!

Walked out if airport and bought a shuttle ticket - the lady was nice took time to explain everything - willie - not so friendly - looked bothered that I was interrupting his phone interactions - excuse me - driver was nice - a/c was working -

The customer service rep I spoke to was very rude and very disinterested in helping me.
I will not use this service again.

We got off the plane, stepped outside, and the bus was already there loading passengers.
Great.
We approached the bus and the manager asked us where we were headed.
When we told them Monte Carlo, the manager and the driver proceeded to argue (right in front of us) about taking us there.
The driver didn't seem to want to go out of his way.
You know, to do his job.
Mind you, the bus had a total of 6 people on it.
Once we got on the bus, the driver announced to the entire bus that he has multiple locations to travel to and he was sorry, but his "bosses boss" was forcing him to do so.
Unprofessional.

I wish I could give them no stars.
I don't know if they have a shortage or driver or buses or what.
All I know is that they are horrible and a waste of your time and money.
I landed in Vegas at 9:30pm tonight.
Got out to the shuttles by 9:45 waited in line to buy my ticket by 9:55 was moving in a line to get on the bus.
ALAS!!
There is no space for me (I am traveling alone to meet friends) I have to wait for the next one, which I am told is 5 mins away.
Fast forward to 30 minutes later and many confused customers in line behind me later, still no shuttle.
Once it does arrive we pile in and take all these back streets and people get dropped off far from the entrances to their hotels.
I just got to my hotel it's 11:19pm.
This is the worst experience with a shuttle I have ever had and I will not be using showtime again.
I already paid for the return trip to the airport but messing with them I would probably miss my flight!

Called when my airport pickup was 10 minutes late.
Dispatcher said he was on his way.
Called again when driver was 20 minutes late.
Dispatcher must have forgotten I had called and said driver was there on time so I must have been late.
Terrible service AND liars.

Absolutely horrible.
DO NOT USE.
Got to shuttle stand 10 min prior to  scheduled time called to confirm they said be patient.
Called five min after, told me they have 15 min window.
Called again, they told me they showed a confirmed pick up and that they would not have another until an hour later.
Jury is out on whether or not I will make flight.
Highly doubtful.
Customer service was horrible.
Never again!

Horrible service.
The estimated wait time for airport to Caesars was 20 minutes, we waited 45 minutes!
They even approached us and said it would only be another 5 minutes because the driver was dropping off some passengers at departures.
15 min later, the bus shows up.
Go to airline next door instead, they had about 10 buses for every 1 of show times.

Save your money...super rude drivers and brain dead cashiers.
They were absolutely the worst experience.
I'll pay more.
Do not use these people.
They need to be put of business.

Please Please Please don't use them!!!
Terrible!!!
We made reservation for pick-up at Mandalay bay at 4:45 p.m..
The drop-off bus doesn't pick up guests.
The drop-off bus driver is pretty mean any way.
At 4:48 p.m., I called and wanted to check where the bus was.
The lady said it would be there shortly.
The bus was at Tropicana hotel.
Ok, waited waited waited, 5 p.m., no bus came.
During that 15 mins, we saw multiple AIRLINE shuttle bus come and go.
Then, we called again.
This time, we were on hold for a while, then, the lady said "no show" meaning the driver didn't see us!!!
What????
We were there from 4:20 p.m. in such hot weather (88 degrees).
How can he miss us???
We never saw a Show-time shuttle bus pass by.
Ridiculous!
Then, she said you could request refund online and recommend us to take taxi.
Crazy!!!
I would never use their service or recommend them to anyone.
If you want to use shuttle bus, use others (airline, super shuttle).
The others seem to be more reliable.
If you have group of four, take a cab.
The airport is really close to the strip.
We ended up paying 18 dollars for the cab ride to the airport.
(just 3 dollars more, you can control your own time).
Showtime means SLOW time!
They are really really really terrible.
If we had more time, we almost wanted to shout out loudly in front of their tickets booth: Don't use their service!
You'll regret!
Luckily, we didn't miss our flight.
Hope this message is helpful to you!

We waited for the hotel pickup that didn't show, after 20 minutes the operator told me that the driver reported that we didn't show and left, but we were outside the hotel entrance, at the right spot, for the whole time, we were even 10 minutes early.
They then sent their "rescue bus" that arrived within a few minutes.

We will NEVER use this service again!
On 6/30/14 we waited for 45 minutes in the 105 degree heat for a shuttle and only after complaining did we get a shuttle.
When we arrived there was a substantial line.
After about 15 min a shuttle pulled up and filled up.
There were not enough seats.
I asked the driver if we would be waiting for him to return and he said no another shuttle would be coming.
After another 30 minutes I approached the shuttle representative sitting at his little podium and asked for a customer service number.
He handed me a business card at which time I told him my family had been waiting for 45 minutes.
With an attitude he proceeded to tell me that he had been watching and we hadn't been waiting that long.
I let him know we had been timing it and I wasn't going to argue with him.
He immediately got on his radio and within minutes a shuttle arrived and as another approached he called them forward as well.
As we boarded the shuttle I heard him ask the driver where he had been.
There were several elderly people in this line who were forced to wait in the heat.
A taxi cab is well worth the money.
For our family of 5 a taxi cab would have been cheaper and certainly a better use of our time.

