Tokyo Discount is pretty cool.
It's very fun to look around in.
They have virtually everything: Hello Kitty, Disney, Pucca, anime/manga, house ware, t-shirts (a few), and those cute little erasers that look like animals and food.
However, I have reasons to believe that they can take the word "discount" off of the name.
the erasers are $2.50 each.
You're probably thinking, "they're unique and Japanese.
Why make a big deal out of it?
" In California, you can get them for a dollar or less.
Then again, I never see them around in Vegas.
Other than that, they have some pretty good prices (considering how expensive I hear stuff is in the land of the rising sun).

This is such a neat store!
I visited in December/January of 2010, and was pretty impressed.
But I didn't really buy much here.
I regretted it later on once I found out buying San-X stuff is so much more expensive online!
I am going back to Las Vegas in a few short weeks and I plan to get a lot more goodies here.
I also want to check out the "first" store to see if it is any different.
I can't offer a price comparison since I never get to go into similar stores...but if you want to explore shops off the strip and are into Japanese culture (and candy) then this store is a must see!

i come here for the mind blowing snack attack selections.
from ginger ale kit-kats to milk tea oreo bars to assorted hi-chews and pocky sticks, the list goes on.
this place is nuts(in a good way).
i bought my spam masubi maker here.
they also have the oriental ingredients and sauces to add to your recipes.
and that's just the food part.
i do highly recommend the Ramune soda.
party in your mouth, invite yourself.
unfortunately, foreign doesn't come cheap.
they must have "discounted" the the export tax, but not the import tax.

Tokyo Discount is pretty cool, there's a bunch of cool things in the store such as dope Japanese anime toys.
They carry a lot of Sanrio stuff like Hello Kitty, they also have a bunch of snacks and cool Japanese utensil's.
So much cool stuff packed in such a little area.
The store I went to is pretty much hidden, I wouldn't have known it was there if my friends didn't tell me about it.
Overall a pretty cool place to hit up for those who are into the whole Japanese culture and inner geek/kid in you that loves anime stuff.

I have to update my review due to a very shocking experience.
Despite the store having a lot of cute stuff, they sell FAKE merchandise too.
I was fooled into buying prize only gloomy bears, and the items are wrapped so its difficult to inspect tags.
Another thing I noticed was an alarming number of FAKE san-x goods, particularly large sized Rilakkumas.
I don't know if the store realizes these are fakes, but I DO NOT support any store that sells counterfeit merchandise.

This store is so cute!
Need some HK?
Anime?
Trinkets?
Asian Doo-Dads, and more???
This would be the place to go!
Prices are a smidget higher than you'd expect for some items but it's a great place to go to if you don't want to drive all the way to China town or any other far, far away place that isn't in the Southwest.
After reading Callie's review, it's pretty upsetting to know that they sell fake goods.
They really mark up items that are pretty popular so, I will be on the look out next time I am in.

Cute store with all things Japanese.
They also sell a very hard to find item:  a flat paper wallet imprinted with a Geisha design that I've been using for years and years.
I bought it originally in a Japanese store in NY.
I carry it in my purse for things that aren't money or credit cards, but need to be separate.
The wallets last for years but, being paper, they eventually wear out.
I was looking for this item for a long time when I happened upon Tokyo (non-) Discount, and was thrilled to find it there!

From what I know, Las Vegas barely has any cutesy Asian stuff stores.
There's this one and another Tokyo Discount in Henderson and then the Morning Glory store in Chinatown.
In Cali, there's a lot more of these stores and some of the stuff that I want in Cali are here so I'm kind of shocked that I didn't come here sooner.
I can't remember the prices in Cali so I'm not sure how to compare them, but it seems pretty typical.
It's not like you'll find competitors (if any) to compare prices here in Vegas.

The place feels like a really nice 100 yen store in Japan.
Prices weren't bad for the stuff.
Just look at it like an import fee.
Picked up a few things we needed for the kitchen like a sesame seed grinder and long chopsticks for cooking.
It was fun walking around having a laugh over the anime/manga/otaku stuff they had.

I love Tokyo Discount!
I feel so... comfortable when I walk in LOL.
Star 1: It's kinda crowded, but I can dig it.
The store is adorable!
Star 2: The food items are good in variety.
Asian candies, fridge full of drinks, & asian spices/sauces.
Star 3: The decorative items are plentiful too.
I bought mini lanterns for my room once.
$13 bucks to light up my room, I'm down!
:] Star 4: I love browsing through all the Anime/Sanrio goods.
It makes me happy inside :]  It is kinda pricey.
So guess I gotta save if I wanna shop!
LOL :]

I love Tokyo Discount!
I love the fact it's near my house, carries Japanese 7up, and has a big spot for Hello Kitty!
Anyone who knows me, knows I love Hello Kitty.
The pricing is good for what it is.
It's small, yet carries a plentiful.
First time walking in, I felt like I was in a distant country for a second.
The employees were very informative and kind.
I must go back, and not just for the Hello Kitty stuff.
So Kawaii ;-]

This place is heaven for a nerd, or fans of Japanese culture.
only the cream of the crop is sold in this store, and the prices on everything is very very reasonable.
they even have a lot of hard to find products such as eel sauce for sushi, or rare Gundam model kits.
I'll defiantly be going back

This place was exactly what I expected it to be, and a little more.
The goods I was interested in (bento box accessories) aren't the easiest to find, and the prices were either on par with or only slightly higher than what I could have found on ebay for the same items, which is great because I neither have to pay for nor wait for shipping.
I wish there were plain elastic bento bands, but I settled for an adjustable belt-style one anyway.
What I really appreciated about this store was how many products and how much variety was packed into such a small space while still being surprisingly organized!
Some of the items there may be cheaper in Chinatown, but you'd spend more time looking for it there.
Many of the products have cute hand-written labels or even instructions, which is really helpful for those of us who otherwise could not read the kanji on the original packaging.
The woman who was running the shop the night we were there was extremely sweet and helpful, which always makes any shopping experience more enjoyable.
I ended up getting 4 small plastic containers, food picks, a bento band, a tea strainer, and some yan-yan for a snack for $11.
On a side note, my husband was really impressed by their model kit offerings.
So it looks like we'll be back!

This is now my go to spot for Japanese gifts!!
I visited Tokyo Discount #2 yesterday and it was really fun.
There was so much to look at that I probably strained my eyelids.
There's a lot of Hello Kitty, bento boxes, cooking utensils, anime stuff and so on.
I'm definatly can't wait to visit again for some cell phone charms and one of those glass bells that I've always wanted for ages!!

Tokyo Discount is a little store that houses a wide variety of japanese items including cds, dvds, toys, housewares, and snacks.
Everything is so cute that I could browse for hours.
Forget the Sanrio store.
This is the place to buy Sanrio merchandise and anime toys at reasonable prices.

Teenage me went nuts in this place.
Gundam kits, Godzilla, Totoro, Sailor Moon, Pokemon, Domo, Hello Kitty all in one place.
If Japanese novelty could be contained within four walls, it sure was at Tokyo Discount.
Although some of the items were overpriced, the basic variety of the culture and essence was captured here.
Japan has some of the most adorable stationary sets.
The bento boxes are also very nice.
TD has books to teach people how to make all the unique lunches.
If you are without the basic ingredients, they have some items as well.

This shop is so KAWAII!
=^_^=  I used to really be into anime (specifically Sailor Moon) so going into this shop and seeing Sailor Moon (Say-LAH MOON!
) items was really fun.
They also offer more than just anime things, also Sanrio items, Japanese snack foods, and condiment items.
There are also plates, dishes, bento boxes, and hair products.
This is your one-stop shop for fun items from Tokyo (obviously).
The shop itself is a bit small and kind of crowded.
Items are bit disorganized as well.
It reminds me of shops like this you will find in San Fran's Chinatown.
Other than that the shop is very cool.
I actually kind of regret not getting the Sailor Moon cell phone adornment I saw...

Super cute shop love it will be back and explore it more its a little small but no big deal

Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place.
I just happened to see that I was in the same parking lot, my fiance wanted to Pier 1 so I was able to duck out and go exploring.
When I opened the door and stepped inside Tokyo Discount I knew I was in for an experience.
No review of this place would be complete without the obligatory Hello Kitty reference as they have HK stuff you won't find anywhere else.
(Didn't see the HK toaster though.
)   As I explorered further I found Anime t-shirts, DVD's and figurines to a cooler with various drinks that looked interesting to what I am assuming was religious stuff for Shinto and Buddhism practioners.
They had car stuff including a wide angle rear view mirror I snapped up, but I was amazed with the Bento boxes and other food items.
Sushi trays, sake glasses, and chopsticks...from the basic to some that looked like works of art, they had a little bit of everything.
I found the pricing to be reasonable, and service was great when I asked for help finding a bento box I was looking for.
All in all, this place was a great find, and once again thank you to the Yelp community for alerting me to this place.
4 Strong Stars.
I will be back!
And my kitchen will never be the same thanks to Tokyo Discount!

They also carry food.
lots of Hello Kitty.. Sanrio.. Anime stuff.
Chopsticks.. little buddahs.
Nifty little Asian store.
Tiny aisles but hey it works!
It was a cute little store to run into to.
Found some contacts all different colors and some colorful nail polish, which I didn't purchase but!
yet.. this was a nice store.
with a  very happy cashier!

I've passed by this place a couple times on my way to the 99¢ Store and have been intrigued.
Today I finally went in, and it's more than what I hoped and dreamed it would be.
Very small store with 3 aisles, but packed with all kinds of knick knacks including snacks, sushi plates and other dishes, kitchen and bath accessories, toys, hair and makeup goods, and tons of Hello Kitty stuff.
Joy!
I'm especially excited about all the different kinds of Pocky and snacks there were.
They even had Koala's March, aka Koala Yummies for all you other 90s kids out there.
They're so impossible to find now so I am still in awe that I was able to buy some.
They have mostly HK stuff but also very limited Chococat, Keroppi, Mashimaro (hard to find!!
), and some other characters' goodies.
One of the things I most liked was that there are little signs with brief descriptions of what things are.
I don't read any Asian languages, so this is extremely helpful for things that come in all Japanese, etc packaging and aren't obvious as to what the heck they are.
Awesome!
This should be a good place to find cute gifts for the Asian or Asian at heart.
I should mention they also have an assortment of chopsticks, most of which came packaged in sets of 5 for $4.99, all with different designs.
Pretty sweet!
I hope to buy some dishes and maybe some more snacks next time I stop by.
But definitely coming back for more Koala Yummies!

Really great adventure into Japan!
It's very small, but packs a punch on authentic Japanese merchandise.
I would have loved a larger food selection, but it was still great.
I appreciated the English signs that explained what some things were.
My kids loved it too.
It's very clean and neat.
There is something for everyone here.

I went here to pick up some Sailor Moon things for my friends birthday.
A very neat little store with all sorts of merchandise.
If you like Hello Kitty, they got a whole wall of it.
They dont just have anime things though, there's various appliances and make up and candies.
Made me feel like I was in a real store back in Japan!

Tokyo Discount has all of your Japanese import needs!
Well, that is if you are like me and love buying anime-related merchandise, Gundam models, Gatsby hair products, and Japanese candy!
(They have more stuff too if you're not into that stuff, so don't worry!
)  Like many other Japanese stores, many of the products are a bit more on the pricey side; however, I will say that many of the products that you find in this store are very difficult to find anywhere else here in the Vegas valley.
On top of that, the service is pretty friendly, and the store is well-organized.
So if you are interested in anything Japanese-related, then definitely come on out and support this store!

Great variety of Sanrio (Hello Kitty & friends) & Gundam (and other robot items for my son) products & enough Japanese snacks to keep this homesick girl happy!!
On the pricy side, but much cheaper than you can get it in Japan!
Lol... Love this place!!!

This place is wonderful!
It is a small store with an eclectic selection of Japanese goodies.
Great customer service with a lot of heart.

Store looks like its in a new neighborhood.
It's not as big as some of the Asian/japanese stores I've been in but there is a good size selection of their products.
It seemed like hello kitty had its own isle which is great cause I love hello kitty!
They have a good selection of japanese snacks.
Pocky sticks flavor that you won't normally find at say, F4L or wherever they sell it now.
They have a small section of beauty products and some shirts.
The lady who worked that day was on the phone for a good while which is ok cause she didn't bother us while we looked around.
She was friendly once we were ready to pay though.
And we got free candy!

Itty Bitty Tokyo Discount No.
2 Review  - Thanks to Suzy H., my new obsession is green tea Kit Kats.
I stopped by Tokyo Discount for a bag ($7.39) and browsed the little Japanese shop.
- Lots of Hello Kitty and other Sanrio items; kitchen and home decor items; spices, ramen, sauces, snacks, gold Buddha statues.
- The green tea Kit Kats were located at the end of one aisle, alongside the Bitter Chocolate Kit Kats --I haven't tried those yet, so I didn't want to risk it (they're not cheap!
)  I'll wait until Suzy lets me try hers.

Of course im only here for the Green Tea Kit Kat!
Arent you?
Actually, sometimes they have other flavors like Strawberry and I heard Nutella?
That would be sweet!
(or nutty depending on how you see it)  Yes, they  have other things here too like a entire section just dedicated to Hello Kitty stuff.
When I think of Hello Kitty, I think of that one Austin Powers scene from I think "The Spy Who Shagged Me" or was it "Goldmember?
" Anyways, that scene where Austin runs into the Japanese twins Fook Mi and Fook Yu.
They were both in some weird Hello Kitty gear.
I don't see why these Japanese stores just call themselves The Green Tea Kit Kat Store and other Japanese Items.
Sounds legit right?
So, if Green Tea Kit Kat is your thing, come here.

Tokyo discount is awesome.
Everything about the store is great.
Awesome customer service.
Awesome items.
People that have negative things to say are straight haters.
Got nothing bad to say about that store.

Really cool place to go to for anything anime related and for snacks from japan, there is usually only one or two people working at a time and I feel like they don't really make an effort to talk to you unless you talk to them first.
But whenever I do ask an employee a question they are usually really helpful.

There are three things I only buy from Tokyo Discount: car air freshener, snacks and origami paper.
They have everything.
Seriously.
But everything (or majority) is obviously not in English.
So I usually ask the workers what it is.
I have no shame of doing that.
Ha.
Other than that.
Good place to get your Asian fix on for a decent price.

I bought a green tea face soap there & it was so so good!
The cashier there s super friendly.
The food & drink there are good.
It is a really good place to buy birthday present for girls

I can't believe i've never noticed this little place, its awesome!
I particularly like japanese anime and i'm always interested in all sorts of collectibles about dragon ball and other cool characters.
This place has some really great finds in that aspect, I really liked this place and even when i was in a rush when i discovered it, i definitely will come back to check it out

This is one of our favorite stores!
Green tea kit kats!
My kids never miss a chance to come here either.
Stuff is a bit over priced but it's easier than going to Chinatown sometimes.
The sales people are really nice.

