This is a refreshing break from the typical strip mall nail salons.
The staff is super friendly.
They offer several different pedicures which include a champagne pedi, a chocolate pedi and even a pumpkin pedi!
If you stick to the basic spa pedi, it is only $22 and includes a rub down with hot stones.
I've been to Lan for my nails, and he does a wonderful job on the pink and whites.
I've sent a few of my friends here and they all rave about it.

The nail techs speak English and are really good at what they do.
Their prices are great and the regular pedicure includes a hot stone massage, which makes you feel like you're paying a lot more.
They do a lot of nail art as well.
I've had an appt both times I've been there, and they actually keep their appointments, unlike lots of nail salons.
I definitely recommend this place!

I'm not one for writing reviews, but in this case, I had to share my experience.
I went to The Diva Nail Spa with my mom and sister and they both received great pedicures.
The one star I gave in this review is solely due to how bad my manicure was.
It was the Manager, I believe his name is Van Tran, though I can't be certain that gave me the fastest manicure of my life and made me feel like I was on a production line.
The place was empty, so I didn't understand the need to rush, but I honestly could have done a better job myself.
When he filed my nails, he didn't clean off the rough edges, my cuticles are now in worse shape then they were when I walked in and as soon as he put the last top coat on my last nail he stood up and I then asked if he was going to clean the nail polish off the skin surrounding the nails and he then sat back down to do so.
He then referenced that he's done this a million times and that was when I knew I was going to write this review.

I got a hot stone pedicure and manicure here from Lisa.
It was great!
The hot stone massage was nice, my feet were soft and well groomed afterward, and the best part, the polish on my hands lasted a full week.
This never happens!
I have no idea why, but I give them the credit.
It seemed like a clean place and the customer service was good.

I found this salon by coming on Yelp.
I want a clean place that will give me some attention and a good foot rub.
This place was good.
I went right after work on a Tuesday and they were not busy at all.
They had a good selection of colors and the technician took good care of me.
When I was critical about the shaping of my nails, she did not give me attitude but was very kind and did exactly what I asked.
The only reason I didn't give this place a 5th star is because I would have liked a little bit harder of a foot rub.
They did, however, break out hot stones, which I have never had before and rubbed my calves and wiped the excess oil off with a warm, not scalding, towel.
I recommend this place to anyone on this side to try it out!

Great Salon!
This is a very clean shop.
Tommy, my technician, only used sterilized tools.
He explained what he was doing as he went.
They use high end products (OPI Gel Products which a lot of salons don't use).
My manicure (Gel, no acrylics) is clean and maintains my original nail shape.
He painted all the way down to the cuticle which some shops won't do.
I got in right away with no appointment.
This has become my new local salon.
After all my terrible nail salon experiences, it is nice to find a shop that does a great job for the prices they charge.

Really enjoyed this nail salon, especially Tommy.
He made sure to explain everything to me from the very beginning and didn't mind explaining anything I had questions about later.
I never felt rushed or like I was an idiot for my questions about the OPI Gel, which I got for the first time and love!
Tommy really took care of me throughout the time I was there.
I just moved from CA and in the 5 years I was there, I was never able to find a salon that I really liked.
What are the odds I got it on the first try here in Vegas?!?!
:)  I got my full acrylic set removed and OPI Gel applied to my natural nails (which seemed to include a sort of express mani) and also got a spa pedicure (I think I'm in love with that massage chair).
Everyone in Diva Nail was friendly; it was very clean and the ease of getting in via a last-minute appointment on a Saturday was easy.
I will absolutely be going back in a few weeks.

There are pros and cons to this nail salon.
I read the reviews before going.
I will say that they were GREAT when it came to accepting our service.
A friend of mine came in from out of town for the holiday weekend and didn't realize that nail salons may be closing early for the 4th of July.
When we originally asked of they were open, we were told to come back the next day.
Then, as we were leaving, we were told that we would be seen.
I was greatly appreciative.
I can't fault them for doing our pedicures and manicures at the same time.
It is highly uncomfortable to twist and turn while someone is working on your hands while another is working on your feet.
However, they were nice enough to do our manis/pedis when they were already ready to leave.
I can understand why they did this process.
My friend had acrylic nails on and asked to have her hands soaked in acetone so they could be removed.
They didn't soak her nails; they pretty much ripped them off.
She was near tears.
Her fingernails were left very tender.
Our pedicures were okay over all; however they use the "cheese grater" on feet.
This tool is illegal in California because of all the bacteria it can produce and carry.
Luckily, they didn't over use the tool on our feet and we didn't get scratched, cut or anything, but the possibility is still there.
My manicure was mediocre at best.
I wasn't very impressed and later got another manicure somewhere else.
My friends manicure was quite painful for her.
After having sensitive nails from them ripping off her acrylics, they drilled her natural nail even more.
Yes, it's part of the process, but they weren't very careful with her.
The Pedicures were great (minus the use of the cheese grater), the hot stones were a nice touch, but the stones were almost too hot.
If left in one place for too long, it burned.
Overall, it was an okay experience.
Chalk it up to the last minute walk-in or what have you, but I will not be going back to Diva Nail Spa.

Great staff.
You must get a frequent visitor card!
so your 10 visit you get a discount also check the val pal they sometimes have a coupon in there.

I was very disappointed by my last two trips to this salon and won't be going back.
I think they have changed hands within the past year, and service has gone downhill.
The last time I went there was about 2-3 months ago.
The tech that did my nails cut me (twice!
) and was just not very friendly.
I went to a different place, and then I kind of forgot and went back.
Unfortunately, I got the same person again.
She's in the last station next to the sinks, about 35-40 years old.
I didn't see her license anywhere, so I don't know her name.
The hot stone massage I got was less than a minute.
I am not kidding.
She didn't cut me this time, but I was pretty tense for the whole thing.
She messed up my thumbnail and then when she fixed it (I didn't point it out) she put on thick, lumpy coats.
I am not convinced that they keep the tools very clean either, and I am pretty sure that they used a dirty nail clipper for my manicure.
This is her response to the tip I gave her ($6 for a $33 mani/pedi) - imagine a cross between a blank stare and a snarl.
It's too bad that this place changed, because it is a convenient location and I really used to like it.

I have been getting my pedicures done here for a couple years now.
These guys are really good, take their time, and do treat everyone like a "Diva.
" Heidi does beautiful artwork, Tommy and Peter are very thorough.
That said, I do love them, but they have one tech that I have fondly nicknamed "the nipper.
"  She is not very gentle at times, and almost ALWAYS nips the skin painfully.
Some of the other reviews I read here, and know they must have gotten the nipper!
Ask for Peter, you won't be disappointed.

I went in and got my first pedicure today and was impressed with how I was taken care of.
I had to wait a lil bit but since I was a walkin I expect it.
I will be making this my every 2 week session but I will be making an appointment so I dont have to wait, I am also going to stop by and get my nails done and see how they do.
At this point Im on my 4th nail salon.
So I hope they do as good of job on my hands as they did on my feet.

One of the Best Salons i've been too.
The place looked clean and everyone seemed friendly.
I got a full set done by Tiffany and she did a fantastic job!
I will definatly come back to her and this nail salon.

Get compliments on my nails all the time thanxx to Diva Nails!

My roommate told me about this salon and how good they are with 3d art so I gave it a shot.
I first walked in and was greeted with someone that actually spoke English!
I asked for a pedicure and full set with a 3d design.
They had ample of samples and i went with the bow.
A gentleman introduced me to gel polish on my toes which I didn't even know was possible.
It cost $20 more but it's been almost 2 weeks since I got them done and my toes still look great.
After the pedicure I was directed to Tiffany for my full set.
She did a wonderful job on my nails.
The design she did was exactly how I wanted.
I will tell everyone I know about this salon for sure!

The best place EVER!!
Truly artists work here the staff is AMAZING I'm so happy I finally found a place that I can continue to go to instead of jumping around salon to salon the prices are AMAZING I would recommend this place to everyone!!
They're so nice and just plain AWESOME!!!!!!
:)))))

I always have a great experience when I come here.
Less than a 2 minute drive from my house, and it's in a quiet little mall.
I've had the same two people working with me for nearly three years.
The salon is clean, and recently was remodeled in a very modern way.
It is truly the perfect neighborhood nail salon.

Tiffany was excellent!
my review is soo super late but she really took care of my nails!
She did the crystals on them and everything I was so thrilled and felt totally VIP when she took care of me immediately.
I have never felt so un-rushed or pushed into anything in my life!
Ask for Tiffany She is AMAZING!

I went here because my yoga studio is right next door.
I asked for a manicure and a pedicure initially.
I received my pedicure first.
I should have known I was not in for a treat when I noticed her cutting my toenails with a cuticle nipper.
Ok!
Next came the cuticle work.
From what she did I knew my polish wouldn't look good.
She didn't seem to take much pride in her work.
The hot stone massage was ok, there was no intention behind it.
She was clearly just going through the motions.
She started getting nervous when I leaned forward to really inspect my toenails.
She went to get her manicure station ready.
She came back to get me for my manicure and I declined the service.
She asked me if I ran out of time.
I said no I didn't like my pedicure.
My cuticles were still there and that's why my polish didn't go on smooth.
She actually deflected my comment and blamed my polish which I only used one other time.
Then she gave me other excuses like my skin being dry, etc.., etc... Duh!
We are in the desert sister!
That's why I'm here!
Lube me up!
She then said well some people don't like oil on their toes.
I told her I wasn't asked if I wanted it.
Why should I have to tell you how to do your job?
She then asked me if I wanted her to put more coats of polish over my polish.
What would that fix?
Put MORE polish over already not perfect polish?
Yeah, ok lady that'll fix it..... She threw more excuses at me and I finally told her, "Look, I've been getting my nails done since I was 10 years old.
I know a good nail service and this wasn't it.
I will go elsewhere"  I was charged $23.
I found Pure Nails Spa on Ann and Decator in the Smith's shopping center and found Cyndi!
NAIL GODDESS!!!
Perfect filing, perfect cuticles, excellent massage to the knee, great exfoliation, and OMG perfect polish application!
I will go to her from now on.
I will never go to Diva Nails again because I didn't feel like a diva, more like a sucka!

Finally - the best nail place I've been to in the Northwest corner of Vegas.
I've been to just about every place within a 5 mile radius of 89149 and this place takes the cake!
Tiffany did exactly what I asked for and more than exceeded my expectations.
The prices are comparable to everywhere else, maybe somewhat more reasonable and they use the same products as everyone else.
The staff is all very nice and funny.
They're all talking to their customers and you can tell they know them well when they come back.
And this place is very clean!
I had more compliments on my nails than I ever had.
I hope everyone helps keep this place busy!

Nice people but the salon needs work.
The nail stations were dirty, the colors were limited, and the salon was disorganized to say the least.
I would not go back to this nail place :(

Love it here!

I am new to Las Vegas and I am fairly picky about my nails.
I tried this place, not too far from my home.
I got a full acrylic set with pretty specific designs.
The girl did a GREAT job on them, and my nails were all shaped PERFECTLY.
She also did a really good job on my eyebrows.
The pedicure was done by some one else who had a very difficult time understanding/speaking English.
She also didn't do a great job on the pedicure.
Full set, pedicure and eyebrow wax = $70 plus a $10 tip.
Kind of pricey, but a good place overall.

I made an appt and I go to walk in and the lady is looking at me crazy like I didn't have an appt.
I ignored it.
After I got my toes painted I asked for a design and he messed up on one toe and I pointed it out and he asked me if I wanted it fixed.
Hello I just told you about it.
Needless to say he didn't get tipped and they won't be getting anymore of my money.

If you're looking for a good manicure, full set, designs or anything like that Tiffany is the girl to go to!
I've had okay pedicures but my nails I always love(: always request Tiffany or make an appointment with Tiffany!

Got a pedicure here.
They kept asking each other if i was a man or a woman the whole time.
They kept mentioning the size of my feet and the man that was doing my pedicure kept staring at my face as if he was studying me trying to see if i would slip up and do something manly.
They referenced the size of my hands and he would stare at my boobs from time to time.
It made the experience super super awkward.
Next time your staff wants to talk about somebody make sure the person they are talking about isn't vietnamese.
Other than that the pedicure itself wasn't that bad.
My feet were soft and my polish looks good.
When i told the owner she apologized as well.
so i guess theres that....  so...i guess it's a good salon for real girls and not transgendered girls.
lest you want them to talk about the size of your feet and hands and stare at your boobs.

A very typical salon of this type.
But they speak English which is great.
I booked an app with Tiffany as all the reviews on her say she is the best.
She did a great job.
This place definitely needs to be cleaned,  I was going to get a pedicure but opted just to get my polish changed.
After visiting the rest room and  the general cleaning of the pedicure chairs/tubs which my observation did not happen after any of the clients.
I found the prices a bit steep considering my nails were just filed down a bit and a gel coating over my already existing nails and then gel color.
It was 50$ then just to change the gel polish in my toes was an additional 30$   I would go back for Tiffany if I cannot find a location that is cleaner in the meantime.
As a trained esthetican my expectations may be higher then most but I am always much more aware of what should be happening.
Either way Tiffany herself did a good job if you go here book with her.

Great salon!
Great experience!
Took my niece in today and got her a mani.
She ended up messing up her polish and the gal who was doing my nails fixed hers completely with no extra charge.
Beautiful salon with great people!
Will definitely return!

Tiffany is great!!!
I found this place about 3 mths ago and t has been amazing.
She does awesome 3d designs and the staff is very kind.
I would reccomend this place to anyone and everyone.

Got an overlay (acrylic over my nails, no tips) with gel polish and designs.
I used a picture from Pinterest as inspiration and Tiffany nailed it.
Very creative lady!

My nails looks adorable, and Antwan was fantastic!
He was so friendly and great conversation!

It's so hard to find a great nail technician in town.
So when I found Vicki down the street from my house I was totally thrilled.
I'm very picky about the way my nails turn out but who isn't.
I chose Vicki because I kept over hearing her name being requested for appointments so I decided to give her a try.
From the first time I met her to now she is very down to earth and can relate to her customers by conversing with you during the whole time not like others who don't talk to you.
Great prices too and not overly expensive.
I definitely pay the right price for the great service I get!

Great little gem in the northwest!
The sign outside says Nails which made it a little difficult to find it!
It's kind of easy to miss but they are located in a little strip mall with lots of available parking.
I decided last minute to get a mani/pedi and thanks to other yelpers I decided to try this place out!
I was very satisfied with my service today!
I needed a clean mani/pedi and that's what I got!
I decided to get gel polish which cost a little more but it's worth it!
They use the cheese grater looking tool to remove your dry skin and a warm smooth stone with lotion to massage your legs.
It was the first time I've had that done during a pedi.
Prices are reasonable and they all speak English!

Finally found a great nail salon in the NW.
The staff is very creative and takes pride in their work.

I use to come here and get pink and whites done and an occasional pedi.
I need a pedi this weekend and couldn't think of why I hadn't been here in a while.
I remembered why when I saw my polish after it dried.
The top coat didn't turn out shiny, it has tiny air bubbles all on it.
The pedi it's self was nice.
They did a well enough job, but I expect the polish job to look like I got it done at a salon not at home.

I get a gel pedicure here once a month and have been very pleased.
The staff is nice and the prices are reasonable.
Once in a while, I will end up with a chip in the polish, but I do kickboxing several times a week, so I am sure that doesn't help!
I am totally hooked on the gel because once a month is adequate to keep my toes pretty good.
A bonus is that I can get my beverage of choice at Starbucks in the same parking lot and then come over for my pedi.
I will look forward to many more future visits!

Magical wonderful work by Tiffany!!
Exceptionally patient with all of my nail art & design requests!
She's the only nail salon I'll use when in Las Vegas!

Vicky is my favorite technician.
She knows exactly whst I need.
Thanks to her care, my nails have grown to the point I do not need gel or acrylic.
If you're not satisfied they make sure you don't leave unsatisfied.
Prices are fair.
If you want quality, come here.

My spot to get my nails done, Tiffany is my nail artist.
She and her husband are the owners.
They are both personable and very accommodating.
I like to get nail art done, not interested in cookie cutter styles and Tiffany never disappoints.
She is gentle and likes to ensure your nails are healthy, and done correctly.
Again she takes her time, and will not rush.
I love it here!

