wouldn't have eaten here if work didn't get me a room in the best western this was adjoined to... the food's actually pretty good... the chicken parm was good and the service is on point... theyre not sheisty with the tuna salad when it comes to the sandwich...   when youre done eating, go to the bar and order a drink from the hottie bartender... they even have a cigarette vending machine... i don't smoke but fuck it... i think smokers would appreciate that...

This place is good, but beware it is not within safe walking distance to downtown Vegas.
The restaurant is located inside a Best Western lobby and served standard Italian fare.
Inside the decor is not excellent, but really, in this part of town what more can you expect?
My fiancee and I both had their seafood alfredo, and it was excellent.
It combined clams, crab and shrimp and was a good value considering the amount of seafood on the plate.
The serving also came with a salad or soup, and while my salad was lacking, my fiancee's beef vegatable soup was delicious.
It was fresh made there, with generous portions of beef roast and stewed vegetables.
There was a full bar inside the restaurant too, with video poker and several big screen TV's.
Service was good, if not a bit overbearing, but that can be understandable because of the few people eating at the time I was there.
All in all, a good place for the money, and if you are in the area check it out.

This is the only place in Vegas that has deep dish pizza worthy of being called Chicago Style.
Forget Bj's and Chicago Brew Co.
If you can eat deep dish with your hands and skip the knife and fork,  it's not authentic.
The pizza is thick, crispy and swimming in a deliciously spicy red sauce.
The rest of the food is good, but the main draw here is the pizza for sure.
I talked to the staff last time I was visiting and they claimed that the original chef kept the recipe a secret and took it with him when he left.
I honestly couldn't tell the difference.
It was just as amazing as I remember.
One note though...
It takes a while to cook (over 30 minutes), so it might be a good idea to call ahead.

I usually only come here to play cornhole on Thursday nights so I spend most of my time in the parking lot drinking $9 buckets of beer.
Here's the quickies:  The chicken parm pizza is absolutely phenomenal, in fact I'm drooling as I type this.
All of the pizzas are really good.
It's a Chicago bar, and if you like baseball it's a Sox bar, sorry Cubbies.
The bar tenders are pretty hot.
The owner, Joe, is a pretty nice guy.
It's one of the few places in town with a shuffleboard.
At Main and Washington, this place is in da 'hood.
(1 star deduction)

I found this bar /restaurant through a friend.
The people here are terrific and go out of their way with service.
the Chicago style "italian" food is great , and the daily specials are always terrific.
Great place to watch a game or hang out with friends.
Try the small thin crust pizza with sausage, the cheese is delicious!

JUST SAY NO!
This place is up the street from my job in a bad neighborhood.
The food is SOOO bad.
I have ventured here a few times under lunch bunch pressure only to be reminded that there is NO reason to serve this food to humans!
Once I had a lump of lettuce that came over on the Mayflower in my salad.
Another time the re-fried beans looked more recycled than re-fried.
This makes me want to find a real dive to upgrade to!
I can only imagine the cockroach poker parties that go on in that kitchen.

This could be my new favorite bar in Vegas.
It is in an iffy part of town but there is a private fenced lot.
I came here for a City of Las Vegas Corporate Challenge shuffleboard event.
This is the only bar in Vegas i have been to with shuffleboard.
They also have cornhole in the parking lot on Thursdays.
I had a bucket of beer for $9.
And they had Blue Moon on tap for $3.
they also have Chicago style pizza for less than $15 for a large one topping.
The staff was super friendly.
The place was also very clean.
I really cannot think of anything negative about this place and will definitely be back.

Not hip, not trendy, not funky fresh, not the flava of the week, but the pizza here is some of the best I have had in Vegas.
La Piazza is located in the unlikely location of a Best Western Hotel.
I have not ventured past the pizza here, so no opinion on the rest of the menu.
Vegas, the other windy city where most of the pizza blows, offers La Piazza, where you will discover an outstanding thin crust pie....not New York Style.
I'm really not sure what kind of pizza category it would fall under.
The crust is thin, and crisp, and can handle a kitchen full of toppings without going limp.
They also offer up a Chicago style deep dish pie that is also pretty rockin'.
I'm not saying it's the best by Chicago standards, but you would be hard pressed to find a better Chicago style deep dish pizza here in Vegas.
Rosati's being up there for the Chicago style too.
My biggest problem with the place is trying to decide on the thin crust or the deep dish.
Staff is friendly, place is clean, the neighborhood will be a turn off for those that have been coddled in life, but it's not THAT bad really from a safety standpoint.
To walk there from Fremont and Main St. Is really no problem, it's not a scenic stroll though.
If you're looking for a scene or to be seen, this is not the place for you.
But if you are looking for some pretty rockin' pies in the "other" windy city that is Las Vegas, La Piazza will hit the spot.

Great pizza!
On top of great Italian food, this place serves good ol fashion deep dish pizza with any toppings you can ask for.
A tad off the strip but well worth the trip if you're looking for some great pizza.
Open late, sports bar right next to the restaurant.
Not the best looking joint, but it's clean and the food makes up for the rest of it.

Great dive bar

Good food however the service is hit or miss.
I went with a group of friends on a weekend and we were one of the only tables however our entire stay took about 1.5 hours and we had to chase down the waitress!
However going today at the lunch rush we were in and out within 40 minutes!
It's not in the best part of town, but the food is worth it!

There was a cornhole competetion going on when we got there.
Clean, good pizza and calzones.
Bucket of beer for $10.
Not bad all around, but might question heading into that part of town at night.

La piazza.
This is my second time to this establishment.
First time ordering food.
I was completely unimpressed.
I was staying in the attached hotel.
Clean spacious rooms reasonable prices.
Neighborhood is a little sketchy.
On to the Resturant.
I absolutely love the Chicago themed bars and food.
So two stars for the theme and excellent portrayal.
If I were a local I would frequent this bar.
I ordered a philly cheese steak and my girlfriend had the lasagna.
The guy who took my order was cool as hell.
(Bald guy, Jeffrey I think).
My sandwich was ok.  My girlfriends lasagna was either a mistake or some ones culinary misfire.
The meat sauce very odd.
To me it tasted like a chili con carne.
Just beanless chili.
Pack full of noodles.
Not your traditional Italian lasagna.
She was so disappointed she wanted to take it back.
I talked her out of that I personally felt that it wasn't a kitchen mistake and more of a recipe failure.
So i give it 3 stars because i like the atmosphere and concept but I feel the menu could use a little work.

Great dive restaurant in the downtown area for lunch.

I've only had the pizza and it's pretty good.
the crust is crispy and the sauce, cheese and toppings complement it well.

The wife and I came here for pizza (based on Yelp reviews) before seeing the president and Katy Perry last night.
The Chicago style pizza was OK.
It's not the best ever, but not terrible.
I would usually give this place 3 stars, but Tara, our server (and the bartender) was amazing!
The salads were great (super simple but yummy) and the place is just cool.
I wouldn't call it a dive bar, but it has its regulars and we were still welcomed.
We will go back.
We will eat pizza, but it won't be the Chicago style (we've both had much better, though not in Vegas) because the regular pie just looked amazing.
I gotta try it!

Who would have thought the best Chicago-style deep dish pizza in the valley would be at the bar to a Best Western on North Main?
A third of the small was more than a meal and definitely the best I found in a dozen years of looking in Las Vegas.
Managed to preserve the left overs to enjoy once I got back home.
I once asked a waiter at Chicago Brewing that had recently arrived from Chicago where to get good pizza in town.
He said theirs wasn't awful, but to get good Chicago pizza, you had to drive down to Trop, turn left, go a ways, turn right, .... and get on a plane bound for O'Hare.

Local or tourist-- you'll love this place.
It's like the Cheers of downtown Las Vegas.

This has to be my favorite spot for a steak sandwich.
I used to go here a lot back in the day to get their steak sandwich.
I don't remember it being this good.
For $10 you get a sold NY steak on a hogi roll with lettuce and tomatoes.
You can either get it with fries or chips.
I opt for the chips and soak both the steak sandwich and chips with tobasco.
The quality of the steak is outstanding.
Cooked at medium, gives you a solid New York steak sandwich with the perfect amount of grizzle.
The steak sandwich is just one of the many good things on the menu.
Deep dish pizzas, burgers, open face prime rib sandwiches, and their onion rings are some of my favorites.
Located in the good ole downtown area.
Wear your neutral colors.
JK.

I read a lot of good reviews on this place before deciding to order.
I am not sure what happened the day I got my pizza, maybe the cook quit and the cashier had to step up to make the pizza.
I got a pepperoni pizza to-go and when I got home and opened the box I could tell immediately it was not cooked even half way through.
Cut into a slice and the crust was completely raw on the inside!
How could this happen, I could tell it was raw by looking at the outside of the crust, why couldn't the person who cooked it tell.
The crust was completely white and gooey in the middle, not golden brown.
I decided I am already home, not going to take it back and have them remake it.
Tried to finish the cooking process in my oven.
The pizza was not good even after I finished cooking the crust.

This restaurant serves Chicago style Italian food.
I have been a regular customer since 2005, great Pizzas you can customize with your choice of toppings.
Food is good and yes their Kitchen is very clean, the bar is a fun place to be.
Bar is open 24/7 and if ou sit there long enough you will meet caste of characters all funnier than hell.
Bartenders and servers are very nice and service is prompt.
Prices are moderate and you will have a great casual time.

I've been coming here the better part of 15 years and always found it to be hit or miss with food and service.
The pizza and lunch prices keep bringing me back, but the service is usually just OK.
Lunch rush is always on according to the services and I've heard that as late as 7 PM there.
If you sit at the bar it does seem better, but as a government just sitting at the bar at lunch is a no no.
There also seems to be a large number of law enforcement that frequent here so no matter what time you stop by, you are in safe good company.
The parking is not the greatest, but unless you are attending an event here, you will be fine if you don't mind a little walk.
The area itself is large enough to sit plenty for most office or after work get togethers and give them little notice and they will pull tables together for you.
All in all...try the pizza and plan on running a little late for lunch, but give it a try.
If you don't like it the first time...come back...you may have a totally different experience.

great service.
if your Chicago sports fan looking for a spot to watch your teams game you could do worse than this place

Last couple of times coming here for my favorite steak sammich was disappointing.
The quality was just not there.
I'm so sad.
I gave'm like three more chances.
The last chance was not the business.
Soon after, I was not feeling right.
Bubblegutitis in my near future.
At least I gave them a few more chances.
I had to write an update because a few friends wanted to check it out.
If you do come through, their other cafe plates are solid.
I'd pass on the steak sammich.
Their breakfast isn't bad either.
Then again, how can you mess up breakfast...
ENJOY!!

Had a terrible experience dining here with a large group; would not return.
As part of a large group, I expected some delay/complications with the service compared to, say, dining with a party of three or four.
The wait times here for ANY kind of service, however, were ridiculous!
And they managed to screw up several of our orders on top of it...
I was looking forward to getting some breakfast late on a Sunday morning only to find that it was no longer available; disappointing but whatever.
So I ordered coffee, water, and a tuna melt.
I got ONE fill on the coffee; no refills were ever offered.
To get a refill on the water, I eventually had to take my glass into the bar because that was never offered either.
My tuna melt, when it finally arrived, was 'ok' at best, and the fries that accompanied it were cold.
My friend who had only ordered a side of fries was left waiting for her order without any comment from the server well after mine had been served, only to find out (eventually) that her order had never been placed.
Getting our checks (everyone was on a separate ticket) so we could get the hell out of this place was taking forever too; eventually we had to line up at the kitchen door (??
) to slowly and carefully explain what each of us had ordered.
The bathroom was mess, too.
Couldn't get out of this place fast enough.

A great place.
Cozy yet big enough to accommodate large groups.
There is a full bar (liquor and beers on tap) with TVs to catch multiple games.
The staff was very friendly and check back for refills.
The pizza was outstanding, great food quality, the chicken alfredo was a must order.
We had a football game nearby and had a group of over 80 people 20 of those were kids under 12 years old.
We called ahead a couple of days prior and "Joe" set everything up for us.
He fed all us in a timely manner and the kids loved the food as well.
We will be back.
So if you are with the guys,  family,  or group add this restaurant to your top 5 places.

The exterior is quite deceiving since this is part of a motel.
The food is actually very good.
I had the Chicken Caesar Salad.
The chicken was moist and the dressing wasn't overpowering.
It was a good call.
I only wish it came with some type of bread.
Eh, I could have asked for some.... Maybe next time.

It doesn't matter if you are from the east coast, west coast, or anywhere in between; La Piazza knocks the ball outta' the park.
And how could you not like a place named after the greatest hitting catcher of all time!?
Mike Piazza's hall of fame issues aside, I hit up La Piazza after catching the Mets play the Cubs at Cashman Field.
Reluctant to walk into a Chicago bar in my David Wright jersey, I was invited by some friendly Met fans I met at the game.
La Piazza consists of a standard bar area complete with gambling machines and a dining area.
The place appears to be adjoined to a hotel, which is great if you find yourself a little too sauced to drive home after spending time at the bar.
We grabbed a few beers at the bar first and discovered that the bartenders were on their game and extraordinarily friendly.
We then took the party to the dining area and put our food order in.
We went for a bucket of well done wings, plain sicilian pizza pie, and a sicilian topped with all sorts of protein.
I typically don't order my wings well done but these turned out pretty tasty.
The pizza itself was not much to look at upon first glance, but after I took my first bite, I was sold.
I hadn't had pizza this good in quite awhile.
The cheese pizza with no frills was decadent.
The quality of the cheese and the toppings on the meat pizza was very evident.
The meatballs and pepperoni were phenomenal.
You could tell that La Piazza does not cut corners when it comes to their pizza.
During our meal the owner came out and made sure we were doing well which was a nice gesture and much appreciated.

I have a hard time expressing my gratitude to Joe and the staff at La Piazza for making our weekend in Vegas SO much easier!
I was travelling with a group of 40 high school kids and assorted parents.
I needed lunch for 60 at the Cashman Center.
I called La Piazza Friday morning to see about getting pizzas.
Without going in to details, Joe and his staff delivered lunch to us for two days, offered extras, checked back to make sure we were ok, the food was great, and we were under budget!
We had pizzas one day and pasta the other.
Apparently, the garlic knots are yummy.
I wouldn't know because they got eaten every day before I had a chance to take one!
They work HARD and want to make sure you get what you expected.
I definitely recommend La Piazza!

Food is good especially for the price, and the drinks are cheap.
It's probably the best pizza in town.
If you get a chance to checkout jeff's juicy Lucy special, it's a must.
Cheese stuffed between two burger patties, topped with egg, sautéed mushrooms, pickles, tomatoes, lettuce, and more deliciousness.

really a great surprise!
not located in the best part of town, but the place is awesome!
the pizza was probably the best I've had in Vegas.
Prices were fantastic!
great place for a large group.
We had a party of 8 and were able to sit together and enjoy our food.
Ordered the chicago style deep dish, takes about 25 min to make.
But amazing!
It was a great price too!
around $60 for a party of 8 for 2 pizzas, beers, and apps.
Highly reccommend!

