This store is marked as closed and it it not!
They probably want it to be because it is really got two very different personalities.
The customer service side where I found a lot of the reps are pretty helpful, especially if they can get a sale out of you.
The service part, where the are genuinely jerks and have a horrible sense of service.
Sprint is a powerful company who has the better of the service offerings and is cocky about it.
I can;t wait to leave them now after 12 years on the same account.

I'm Team iphone now, but if I ever become an iphone pusher please punch me in the boob.
SPRINT STORE:  I walk in and instantly am helped by Albert standing at the podium.
He writes my name and needs on the list.
As usual I am clear with my delivery because I hate small talk when it comes to shit like this.
I'm on the list to be helped.
While waiting I look around because I'm here to buy a new phone and what girl doesn't like to accessorize?
While doing so I peeped several employees heading to lunch at the same time and one other leaning against the wall texting her Boo.
Lovely.
Ten minutes later Albert scoops me up and quickly presents me with my new phone and is putting my screen protector on like a champ.
He didn't annoy me, or attempt to up-sell me.
He earned all two stars.
( P.S.
I've been with Sprint for well over five years and I got the same price on my new phone as Joe Schmoe walking in from off the streets.
Thanks for valuing my loyalty Sprint.
)  Previous experiences at this location have made me think of that movie Falling Down where Michael Douglas goes ape shit with the baseball bat.
For instance as I was leaving on this day FIVE employees were standing at the podium shooting the breeze and scratching their ball sacs when you know they could be stocking shelves or making out in the break room.
Don't even get me started on how I feel about calling Sprint and reaching someone in India who doesn't even own a cell phone or a pair of shoes, yet they are the Customer Service Department.
Jai ho!
We are the World people, but how the hellz can ya assist me when you cannot comprehend what I need and you are purely reading a script in your second language?!
I told you not to get me started.
Anyways, I have an iphone now and barely know how to use it so any Quick Tips are appreciated.
I'm also "in a relationship" with Sprint for another two years.
On the DL can I have a hall pass already please?

Everytime I go in this store I want to throw my phone against the wall and never come back...(Sidenote: I stopped using Sprint for my personal phone because of the HORRIBLE service here)  There used to be a few select ladies that genuinely cared about the customers.
They are gone now and it has gone down hill from then.
I walked in today because I still have 10 business lines with them and needed to replace a phone.
(wasn't asking for it to be fixed, just upgrade)  The guy at the podium had ANYTHING better to do and told me, "Alberto is a specialist at upgrading phones..." as he pawned me off...
So Alberto takes us back to his counter to get this handled...meanwhile another employee is hoping it rains harder so they can close the store...wtf!!!
Simple talk under normal circumstances but you just know these people here could give two sh$ts about the customer.
Then Alberto and rain dance co-worker tell me that unless I have 50 phones on my account I can't charge the new phone to the account.
( I ONLY have 10)  Note: two months ago I charged an upgrade to the account.
She says they haven't allowed that since November.
She tells Alberto, "you can ask (manager's name) but he's just going to tell you the same thing.
Not a big deal as I paid for it but it's all result of them just not wanting to work.
It was all about going home for the night.
She also mentioned they only have 50 minutes til closing...  Just a horrible, angry feeling leaving this place.
Sprint needs to overhaul this store BAD.

I haven't been impressed with Sprint's service since we've been with them but today they came through for us.
Well at least in promise.
I'll have to wait until November to see if they follow through.

When you first walk into this location I was impressed by the greeting from about 10 different employees.
My visit here started off well then went terrible then ended on a high!
Lets start with the hello!
The multitude of greetings almost made me feel like I was at used car lot but it was cool!
Then as we walked around there pretty large store looking at what they had to offer after 5 min.
or so we were greeted by another car salesmen oh wait I mean sprint salesmen and went over what we were looking for.
He set us up an appointment to sit down with the deal maker........  Have you ever been to a car dealership?
Wow they have there whole communication and sales strategy like a used car dealership......
Anyway,... On to the terrible part.
We waited for over 25 min to sit down with the deal maker!
While we waited in there lounge/customer area I felt like I was watching a bunch of school kids on a playground.
There was a big mix of employees running around and acting stupid and others that were looking at them asking why the hell do I have to work with them!!!
OK finally we sit down with Carlos and this guy made the difference.
He changed my whole outlook on this place as he took what we wanted and made it even better with his knowledge of Sprint.
This guy went the extra mile and set us up with a new plan that is cost effective and honestly so much better than AT&T, He transferred all our info from our old phone to the new ones and even put on the screen protectors and cases for us.
Talk about service.
5 Stars for this guy.
If you go here you want to talk with Carlos!

i walked in and the greeter was friendly and put me in cue right away and told me theyd call my name when someone was ready.
walked around checking stuff out and theres a chick in front of the payment machine talking to someone about money in a bank account.
1 upset person.
a line starts forming at the front desk but the greeter isnt there.
person after person they complain about something.
i cant hear exactly what but you could tell from their facial expression theyre already not happy.
3 upset people in line.
1 dude getting helped next to me seems fine.
name gets called.
explained that my phone's battery is losing 10% charge after 15 minutes and that i had the same problem in the past.
he said hed check my battery and came back with a new one in about 10 mins.
i asked if its the phone or my charger and he said if you used a non-samsung charger it could damage your battery.
i been using the one that came with it.
said that the new software updates could be messing with it.
i have a samsung galaxy s2.
he gave me the new battery and said were all done.
cool!
i honestly think when people write bad reviews its because most people already come in with a bad attitude and want something fixed or expect to their demands fulfilled because they didnt read the fine print or are trying to get something free.
people try to exploit customer service and i get it, but i usually handle any problems by calling their customer service number and they usually fix it no problem if theres a mistake or something i dont understand.
people just want to take it out on a physical body so they come and ruin someones day at the store.
not to say that there are genuine people who have a right to be upset and or are getting screwed some how by sprint.
but in my case i had a good experience.
grow up people.

I am currently a Sprint customer.
I've walked into this store location 4 times total.
I have never, EVER found solution to my problems or answer to my questions.
I've given the staff and Sprint store system of operations many chances to rise above their short comings without success.
Although most of them are friendly, there's  a long wait for you to be heard, than they direct you to have your issue assessed and it takes forever.
I went to have my plan renewal the last time, waited for 25 minutes and walked away.
They could benefit from some changes.

Needed to have my phone repaired today...checked in at 3:30...wasn't helped until 5:03.
This is the same case scenario everytime I have to go in...which is a lot because my phone blows!!!

This is the best service I've ever received at a Sprint store; wait was a bit long because of the holidays but Mark did everything he could to get me to a Rep. ASAP.
Both Mark && Bill were awesome.
They were extremely helpful and took the time out to explain everything thoroughly.
I'm so pleased with my iPhone 5S and my beautiful case that was recommended by the both of them.
Walked in thinking and  I would speed well over $200 and spent less than $100.
Thanks for informing me on many ways to save money.
See ya soon Bill for my Ipad Air!
-Halle

Been with Sprint for 12 years and have recently avoided going to the Sprint store and going to the website or calling.
We have 8 personal lines now but have been frustrated with the cost of 3 different plans costing us $382 a month.
Out of frustration with getting three different stories when calling Sprint we went to the store here and met Carlton.
Yes we waited 30 minutes to get help, but Carlton patiently worked with us for 30 minutes explaining our options.
He found and showed us our billing on his screen and saved us $142 a month on the new "Franily" plan.
And as it turns out we can upgrade any time (even though we have brand new iPhones) and just pay the 24 month payments.
As it turns out Carlton just left Verizon store to work here.
Boy did Verizon lose out on him.
I can't believe my good fortune to find someone that cares enough to fix a jumbled mess of plans for his clients.
Bravo Sprint on the new plans and for hiring Carlton.
(I've been 23 years retail management and a lifetime of customer service).
Kudos to Carlton.
Anyone wanting great service go see Carlton.
Ladies...
He's single too!
Lol.

While the new billing got screwed up from corporate and a subsequent phone got met by sprint corp rep saying sorry there's nothing I can do.
At all.
So two months of $240 extra fee and nothing corporate wanted to do.
All it took was a 5 minute visit to this store and my man Carlton fixed the problem with a promised follow up call.
Bravo Sprint store!
Give Carlton a raise or a chance to grow with your company.
He's fantastic and has a great can-do attitude!!

I hate the fact that EVERY TIME I've been here I've made an appointment and I still wait 30 minutes to an hour.
What's the point of making an appointment?

This is the worst service EVER!
It's Saturday and I walked in as the 3rd person to be helped and I've been here over a hour.
The salesman has been talking with 1 customer for over 45min and they just left and didn't buy anything he just gave them info, horrible salesman and then he left for break when there are now 10 people waiting.
The employees have no sense of urgency and don't know what they're talking about.
I have a business account but changed my personal account to Verizon, thank god.
As soon as my last contract is up I will be done with them.
Beware of Sprint, worst customer service in the industry.

Worst customer service ever.
Waited 45 minutes with an appointment and walked out dissatisfied for the second time.
Why don't i stop their service?
Because they'll charge me $700 for a phone I had for a month.
I wanted to just give it back but they said that's fine it'll cost you $700.

I wish there was a ZERO star option because they dont even deserve one star.
This store is just awful.
But its not just the store, customer service dont give a shit either.
They dont care about you and they never will.
I went crawling back to Verizon after the nightmare i went through dealing with sprint for 55 days and going to this location for my issues that they caused and would not resolve.
I couldnt be happier to have sprint out of my life.
I would gladly pay their etf fee anyday over having them as any service provider.
Suck it Sprint and take notes from companies like Verizon or Tmobile because you guys are just terrible!

Go to Greg he is the best!
Had to wait a while but it was worth it!

This Sprint store is awesome.
I always go here when my mom and I need help.
The reps know their stuff.
Sometimes there is a wait, but I'd rather wait and get good service.

Nice selections, friendly wait times have gotten way better as they hired more reps.
Awesome sauce

DO NOT GO HERE!
The wait time is horrible - the receptionist?
David who is supposed to great you and log you into the virtual line - is horrible - no greeting, no may I assist you, nothing - finally got his attention - I explain I dropped my phone, yeah stupid me no insurance - ONLY option I was given pay full retail for a new one - ok been a Sprint customer 6 + years - no discount at all?
Can they fix the broken one?
Ask to talk to a manager waited 40 minutes never got a manager - got another 20 year old kid explained I was just about out of time and no one had tried to give me options - he said if they had the part they could fix for $75 - ok - nope no part - but offered to give me the number of every Sprint store in town so I could call and see if they have the part.
WHAT!!!!!
I then I had to leave to make a doctors appointment - nothing resolved!

