I have had two tattoo session with Artist Jason Murphy at StayTrue Tattoo, as well as having sent some friends to him to get some of their ink done.
Not only is Mr. Murphy a kind hearted, very talented artist, but he is an absolute professional at his craft.
From his conceptual drawings all the way through to the completion of the work, Jason Murphy is a pro at what he does.
If you are ever in Vegas and you want to get some quality work done, please stop by and check out their shop.
Reservations and appointments highly reccomended as they are often booked up.. but you will be thankful you did.
There are a few artists working there, and they are all really great at their particular styles.
Give them a hollar!

Great place!
I got my first tattoo there and will always get tattoos there when I am in town.
All of the employees seem like great people, very laid back and chill inside.
I would tell anybody and everybody to go here for ink, either a local or a tourist.
Call ahead and set up an appointment.

Unbelievable shop.
I went in there today to get a tattoo, after not having had any artwork done in 25 years.
Jason was my artist, and he was phenomenal.
Congenial, professional and a real artist.
I have already booked a return visit.
I briefly met a few of the other artists, and there is a great vibe in the place.
Five stars, easily.

My 1st time in Vegas and I got a tattoo .
Thanks Kyle for a great tattoo and being so professional .
Nice shop, clean & talented artists!
Would recommend to anyone!

These guys do the most amazing work!
If you are ever in Las Vegas looking for a tattoo, big or small you will not be disappointed!

I was referred to Jason Murphy by several friends who have had work done by him.
I emailed Jason and he was  responsive and helpful.
I sent reference and before the appointment we discussed my ideas.
We had a consultation and set an appointment.
When I arrived for my appointment he had a drawing all ready and just what I wanted!
Jason was professional and patient with me....I can be a little picky.
This was not my first tattoo and it wont be my last.
I will definitely be back.
The shop is clean and the atmosphere is laid back.

Have had several Tattoos done at Staytrue by Jason Murphy.
He is friendly and professional.
I couldn't be happier with his work.
I have a ton of tattoos all over my body some more than 30 years old and from great artists around the country and I always recommend Jason locally.
There is a reason he sometimes has a waiting list, just like a good restaurant requires reservations.
Just check out his website to see his work.

This place is rad.
Nice and simple set up.
All the guys are super cool and make ya feel comfortable.
My artist, Kyle Montoya, is amazing.
Super laid back and always knows exactly what I'm aiming for with my tattoos.

I got my tat done by Jason Murphy this past weekend.
It was my first tattoo and I was a very bad canvas as I kept moving because of the pain.
However, Jason dealt with me the best he could and my tat came out amazing!
He also does a lot of people I know's tats and his work is amazing!
The location is a small and intimate place.
By appointment only.

It's about time I give props where props are due.
I walked into Staytrue on the recommendation of a friend to see Jason Murphy.
Yeah, I was that guy with a few "tribal" ideas on my arm and shoulder.
Flash forward four months and several sessions later and I have an armful of tattoos done by Jason Murphy.
It's all Japanese in nature but the detail and use of color is EXACTLY what I asked for and more.
I receive compliments daily, some going as far as doubting I had the work done in Las Vegas as there are no artist "that" talented in the valley.
I'm far from your stereotypical tattoo wearing fella so it's a huge testament to Jason's ability, my trust in him, and my comfort level to extend down my arm completely.
I have a feeling there will be more to come.
Jason is a fantastic guy with some unreal attention to detail, a fantastic eye, and some talent not seen every day.
Big thanks to the shop and Jason.
Top notch!

Unbelievable shop!!!
The work is incredible and the artist are even more amazing!!!
I walked in from a referral and instantly felt at home.
3 years later I have two sleeves a full back piece, full chest, and both legs done by Jason murphy.
Jason is honest, fair, and easy to get along with.
I will NEVER even consider getting tattoo'd by anyone else.

All I want to say is I drove all the from California to come to staytrue tattoo.
The service is bar none.
The artist were very courteous worked around my hectic work schedule.
Also if anyone didn't know one of the tattoo artist owned a studio in corona ca.
Called trusted tattoo, She is so good that I drove from temecula California to get work done from her.
I looked Around in California to find someone to take her place but I am better off driving 4 hours and getting top artwork for my money.
So stay true to yourself and get what you pay for!!

I drove 3.5 hours to get some work done on my 3/4 sleeve and can't wait to go back.
The shop is full of custom artwork, clean, well-managed and the artist was willing to come in on her day off to accommodate my schedule.
Don't expect a shop full of flash, you'll be getting a custom drawn piece of artwork.
I would never get tattooed at a shop if I didn't like the vibe and I love this place.
Even if you're a tourist, skip the tourist shops and go to a long-standing local joint.

