Lena is wonderful!
I stumbled upon liquid salon about a year and a half ago, booked an appointment with Lena, and have never turned back.
She is so good at her practice and knows exactly what will look best on you.
I can be very indecisive, and my hair color reflects that.... from platinum blonde to dark brown; but she always helps me discover what i'm looking for in a hairstyle, and I love it!
To top it all off: She gives the best scalp massage while shampooing / conditioning your hair!
:)  This salon is very affordable too!

Whooo-hooooo, I think I've found a new hairstylist.
As any girl knows, a good hairstylist is very much like a good boyfriend = HARD TO FIND!
And trust, you've got to be picky about both.
Like anything in Vegas, I got referred to Lena by going clubbing :p Met a girl with the most amazing haircut/color and chatted her up about her hair.
And she said Lena was the best.
After a ridiculous St. Patty's weekend, I went in needing a good cut and a good cup of coffee.
They had both in store for me!
Lena was so fun and easy to talk to, especially when it came to explaining what I needed out of my haircut.
Basically, I needed my hair to be easy, trendy, and amazing when it grows out.
She gave me side swept bangs and fixed up mistakes by my last cut.
Needless to say, I think I've found the hairstylist-love-of-my-Vegas-life!

Vanessa is AWESOME!
She is the only person I have gone to since i have moved to Vegas 2 years ago.
She isn't afraid to try something new for you if you are unsure what you want.
She has some fantastic idea's up her sleeves.

Michael Cole and the entire team is fabulous.
They stay current on trends and new techniques.
The salon has a great upbeat vibe and a friendly atmosphere.
I drive from Summerlin every 5 weeks because I think this is the best place to get my hair done.
I have been a client since the day the doors opened.
Love this team.

I haven't had a decent cut since I moved to Vegas 2 years ago...until NOW.
The salon is nice to look at, has great music playing, has neat Craftsman toolboxes at all of the work stations and everyone there was so friendly.
A semi-upscale salon, but not at all pretentious.
Emily gave me the best cut & color that I've had in years.
I showed her a photo on my phone of a style that I saw on Pinterest & told her that I want something similar, but to do what she thinks will look best.
She is such a sweet person and has a great way of making you feel at ease when she's working her magic.
My shampoo, cut, color & blow dry was $90 - not too bad!
I will definitely go back to Liquid & to Emily!

They need to hire a receptionist who is willing to give business to their salon and stylist.
I just got off the phone with THE WORST receptionist of all time who had no clue on how to run a salon.
talking my business elsewhere.

I love this salon!
I actually live all the way across town to this salon and I insist on going there to get my hair done.
The staff is super nice and always offer a beverage upon entering.
My hair stylist is Amy Boyd,  I cannot say enough wonderful things about her.
I found out about her through a friend who's hair always looks fabulous.
I needed to find a better stylist so I gave her a call.
I have been going to her for over a yr now for cut and color and will continue to see her for yrs to come!
This salon is great, I am sure all the stylists are wonderful.
But if you ask for Amy, I promise you won't be disappointed.

Shamaine had the unenviable task of cutting and styling my mop.
However, she did an awesome job.
The shampoo and head massage almost put me to sleep I was so relaxed.
I found my new stylist

This is the only place I will go to in vegas and Jamie is the only person I trust with my hair!!!!
I stumbled upon this place a year or two ago and have been a regular here since.
I chopped off 10in of hair to donate, got a few haircuts in between, got two perms and am getting color done before graduation.
I have really thick Asian hair which can be a challenge to cut, but Jamie is absolutely amazing with it, and she knows exactly how I like my hair.
I got a perm a few years back and paid over $200 but it was gone in a few weeks.
The one Jamie did for me lasted 3 months before I needed to re-do it, and it only cost me $60!!!!
And - I found out through Instagram that a friend of mine goes to Jamie as well!!
It's an awesome salon and worth checking out!

Its been a month since I've had my hair done by Stevie Ray and I still love it.
I feel like its hard to find someone who does amazing long hair cuts but she did a great job.
The color she did was exactly what I was looking for.
The salon was modern and clean.

I drive nearly 45 minutes to get my hair done by JENNY because she is absolutely AMAZING,  I will continue going to her at Liquid Salon for as long as I live in Vegas

Best Salon Every!!
I have been coming here for the last 3 years and Jeremy does a wonderfyl job he has yet not to failes me.
Wonderful people working there with great spirit!
I would recommend and I have friends hete .

Ever since I moved to Vegas 3 years ago, I've really struggled to find a stylist.
I'm always changing my hair on my own afterwards (and doing a horrible job at it) because I'm never completely happy.
My poor now itchy scalp and crunchy split ends yearned for a better stylist.
And then...I found Tracey!
Even though I live in Summerlin, I will gladly drive this far to have my hairs done by her!
After stripping my hair, it sadly would not hold color and the ends were so damaged.
Tracey found a great way to do minimal color to fix it and gave me a great color.
She works quickly as well!
There isn't much I can add to this because I am SO HAPPY with my cut and color.
Tracey rocked it.
I will not be fussing with my hair EVER as long as she is in Vegas.
Thank you, Tracey!

Being new to the area, it was my lucky day when I stumbled across this salon!
Love the atmosphere and Sam is phenomenal!!

Bailey Mallory is a great hair stylist .
Love this place and how she cuts and colors my hair !
Great place, atmosphere, and products !

I heard of liquid from a friend so I made an appointment.
Monica was great, she was friendly and did an amazing job on my hair, I got a cut and color and will definitely be going back to her for all my hair needs!

I recently moved from California and my last stylist was awesome and had her for 22 years.
Just had my hair cut and styled by Jaimie today and she was great.
She made me feel at ease and discussed with me want I wanted and made suggestions.
Came away pleased with my hair cut and everything that she did.
I now have a new stylist that I hope to continue with while living in Henderson.

