Honest & knowledgeable, when he answers the phone...

This is the place to go if you want an honest mechanic.
Jason the owner was super friendly and runs an honest shop.
Todd was our mechanic and was awesome.
Didn't try to upsell us on anything.
They fixed our brakes and our car has never run better.
I will definitely bring my car back here.

Dealing with a mechanic (being female) is on the list of worst ways to spend your time, for me anyway.
They immediately see dollar signs and figure you're a complete auto moron so charges start building before you even open your mouth.
Dotty (my car), is old, and she needed a new water pump (groan) so I started calling and asking around for reputable non-jerk-off places I could potentially take her to.
Every place I called  #1) they wanted to over charge me for labor, charging me to take a belt off (which they needed to take off anyway), or #2) the "Friends" shop was all the way in N.LV..
Feeling discouraged I figured I would turn to Yelp for suggestions...  Low and behold, Aloha Automotive Repair popped up and with some pretty smashing reviews!
I took a chance that the people yelping could very well have been family, but decided to over look that possibility.
I called Jason (the owner) at Aloha and he was FANTASTIC!
It was like talking to an old friend; he was straight up with me, gave me several scenario's as to what we might need to replace and some estimates.
Dotty got dumped off in their lot (courtesy of AAA towing) and I left her in their very capable hands.
The entire staff was awesome (which is a shocker, there is usually one dusche in the bunch..) and I felt completely confident in the work they were about to perform on my car.
At the end of the day, Jason called me to to tell me line for line what he did, even SUGGESTED I hold off on other things that needed to be done because it wasn't "mandatory" but he'd be happy to help me in the future.
But my favorite part was when I arrived to pay and pick up he slapped the box of old parts from my car on the desk to physically SHOW me what he replaced!!
LOVE THAT!
WOW!!!!
It was one of the few times I handed over a wad of cash and felt good about it, AT A MECHANIC!!!!!
Dotty is back on the road and feeling good!
I have already started the referral process, sending peeps their way.
If finding a good "honest" mechanic has always been an oxymoron for you also, I urge you to try these guys; you won't be disappointed!

PS- 5 days after service had been completed Jason called to make sure everything was going smoothly with the car.
Now THAT'S service ;)

Very friendly customer service.
The mechanics definitely treat their customers with aloha.
I went in for a regular oil change, and suggested I needed brake work.
I would think others would take advantage of that and do some brake work and charge me for it.
Instead, they tell me my brakes are fine and don't need repairing.
They seem to have very loyal patrons who treat them like family.
I'm now a loyal customer too =).
They even fixed some minor things that they happen to come across at no charge.
As I finished paying for my service, one of their patrons came in "complaining" that he wasn't charged enough for the service he got.
This place is a true diamond in the rough.
It's worth going out of the way for.
Highly recommended!

Had my car towed here based on the excellent Yelp reviews.
When I called them to let them they let me know they would take a look and call me when they knew what was wrong.
My car was fixed by that afternoon.
It was confusing to find their office to pick it up but everything went quickly.
Everyone seems upfront and honest.
I'd recommend them!

Even before I set foot in here, I can tell by reviews and by several inquiry calls I've placed that I was going to LOVE this place, and I don't say this lightly.
Especially being a female and having an older brother as a master mechanic, I am always so skeptical of getting my car worked on since my brother is now miles away in Philippines.
When I lived in the Bay Area, I grew attached to a local shop that I always took my car to even after a slight crew change - they still provided top quality service and I liked that spot....LIKED.
I LOVE Aloha Automotive - such down to earth and honest service and Jason treats every customer like they are family.
I've been to three other spots nearby and one was even the actual dealership for my car and not one of them has made me feel as comfortable and trusting as Aloha Automotive.
Finally had to bring my car in yesterday (Saturday) to get my battery changed out - called around 11:30am to let them know and to find out how much it was going to cost.
Jason was so thorough during our phone conversation and gave the best directions to find his location.
I arrived about 1/2 hour later than I expected and I felt bad bothering them when I arrived as I can clearly see to the back that they were having lunch...but Jason jumped right up and was happy and eager that I found my way just fine to them.
I was done and on my way in about 1/2 hour - and Jason only charged me for the battery - I tipped a little on top just to show my appreciation.
It's so refreshing to still find these little diamonds in the ruff - might sound corny to others, but I feel blessed to have found Aloha Automotive... Definitely made a customer for life!

Talking to and working with Jason is a pleasure.
I really love that this is now my go to shop.
I wouldn't have it any other day.
Good job team!

Great awesome honest service.
Jason and the guys are so helpful and nice, on the phone or in person.
I will for sure come here for any of my automotive needs and HIGHLY recommend them.
I wasn't pressured to buy anything that I did not need.
My car is running better than it has in two years and they charged me much less than other places I called to replace my oxygen sensor.
This place is the bees knees!

Neighbor asked me to drop him off at Aloha Automotive & Repair to pick up his car that "needed" repairs indicated by a local Big O shop.
I went in with him to see if car was done and meet Jason.
Low and behold Jason tells him that the car checked out fine.
He could not find that the two areas indicated by the previous shop that needed addressed and handed my neighbor his keys back.
No charge for the time spent checking out the car and not a single issue.
Seriously how many times has anyone gone to a mechanic and have them say everything checks out and I just spent over an hour looking for issues and not going to charge you a thing.
Meet my new repair shop!

My interior dash lights and both of my taillights were out, so my boyfriend found Aloha for me on Yelp to see if there was a bigger problem causing the lights to go out or if the bulbs were burnt out.
Either way, I thought it was going to be an overpriced repair for something minor.
I was extremely pleased to have the gentleman at Aloha tell me that it was just a fuse and that he replaced it for me free of charge!
What a wonderful and refreshing change to go to an automotive repair shop that is honest and has integrity!
Definitely made my night and I will be returning to them with any automotive issues in the future.
Thanks Aloha!

Jason, the owner and main mechanic is so awesome.
He was very informing of everything he was inspecting for my car when I was having problems, he'd call me back if I ever had questions and he was always honest, which is definitely hard to come by at a car shop.
Definitely recommended.

So happy I found this shop on Yelp.
Jason was a lot of help and fixed my car for $400 less than what Toyota quoted me.
Looks like I found my go to shop for car repairs.

