I was referred to Dolar's by a client of mine and couldn't be more happy with the whole experience!
Maybe it's Lexus brakes, maybe it's my driving (or braking), but for some reason I have to have my brakes done every year.
The first time I had my regular mechanic at an Import place do the repair... it was almost $700 and was told it was because "Lexus parts are more expensive".
Last June I had them done by a referral and it was $430....(with my car vibrating when I applied pressure to the brakes above 35mph - 5 short months later).
I also had a screechy noise when I turned on the a/c and was told (by the same mechanic in June) I needed a new a/c compressor for $800 plus labor!
Well, Dolar's fixed my brakes and told me my a/c compressor was fine...the belt just needed to be tightened!
My total?
A little over $200!
He didn't even charge for tightening the a/c belt!
I'm a fan for life!
I love honest people!

I have been going to Mike and Stephanie since they opened and they have been absolutely incredible.
Everyone has had their bad experiences with mechanics, and since dealing with the Dolars I won't go anywhere else.
I actually feel guilty taking my problems to them.
I'm so used to mechanics and shops taking advantage of their hold over my commute that I expect to be slightly upset with the service and the mechanics, but because Mike and Steph are so honest, thorough, attentive, honest, trustworthy, adept, skilled, and honest (did I mention honest?
) I've become spoiled.
I refer everyone I know with auto problems to Dolar's, and in a strange way I almost look forward to the car breaking again so I can deal with them.
A transaction and service with the Dolars is about as good as it gets.
I just wish every business operated with half the integrity they have.
(And Bruno, their dog, is always the coolest guy in the place and a welcome sight).

I found the Dolar's Automotive looking thru the yelp reviews.
My girlfriend and I went today with her car.
It appears to be a family run business.
I was very impressed with them.
They fixed my girlfriends problem and we were very happy with the diagnosis and the price.
The owner came out to talk to us when we came to pick up the car.
Very nice and professional.
We had previously been taking the car to the dealership and were being way over charged there.
From this day forward Dollars automotive has my business and I will refer all my friends to them also.
Extremely happy with this transaction.

I can see why this place is so busy.
Great service fast and friendly.
Very up front and honest.

Today I took my wife's Lexus to this shop based on Yelp reviews.
Now it is important to know that I was responding to my wife's over-reaction to another shop's idea that she needed some work done.
Bottom line it that Dolar was great and our car did not need any work and they did not even charge us.
Take your car there and make your wife happy and stay sane.

I was referred to Dolar's by a friend, so I called to get an estimate for a job I need done.
The first call, I was placed on hold so long, a recording came on telling me no one was available to take my call.
The second call, a woman said they were busy and she'd take down my name & number & have someone call me back.
Guess what?
Yep, you guessed it.
No call back.
What a way to attract potential customers, Dolar's!
Regardless of the good luck my friend has had at your location, you won't be getting my business!

, my 2004 a4 audi broke down and would not restart on one hot day usually it starts right back up but after 24 hours of not starting , tried jumping it and it was turning over but not starting I could not figure it out and being a girl in Las Vegas with no mechanic I was scared to get screwed over, my Gf told me about Dolars Automotive she said she found them on Yelp with good reviews and did great work on her car and were honest .
I could have gotten told anything but they were completely 100 percent honest with my cAr when I got it towed to them and it ended up being my fuel pump was bad which I was expecting , they did not try to add on anything else and would highly recommend their work , my car was ready to go the  next day !

I have typically been ripped off by mechanics my whole life.
Then a former coworker recommended this mechanic after I had been given an outrageous quote from a dealership for repairs.
I took it here and was not only treated with the utmost respect, the cost was 1/4 of what I had been told by the dealership that it would be.
I have taken it here ever since...and will not take my vehicles anywhere else!
This business KNOWS what they are doing for sure, the prices are reasonable, and I trust them with every ounce of my being.
They are friendly, fast, thorough....JUST AWESOME!
I would highly recommended them to anyone who is tired of unsatisfactory work and over priced mechanics!

Went to get an estimate for the brakes on PT Cruiser.
Was told back brakes were fine but the front was metal to metal.
Didn't need all the other stuff I was told by another company.
Will be bringing my car here from now on when needed.

This has got to be the most honest, reliable, trustworthy auto repair place in the city I've discovered so far in 20 years!
How I wish I had found this place much earlier!
If you have to wait to get service here, it'll be worth your wait!

Very good service by honest mechanics.
Mike will tell you exactly what's wrong and if the solutions are worth are the price.
They have a lot of knowledge and know many ways to help fix a problem.
These guys won't rip you off!

Was referred to Dolar through a friend for my Mother in Laws car.
She was traveling here from Kentucky to CA.Stopped off at our houre in Henderson.
Her car did not sound good.
They were able to get her car in and fixed within 1 day at a good price.
We then took my explorer in the next week.
Mike is so honest and only  did work that is needed at a great price.
I would refer Dolar to everyone and will only take our cars to him.
Great service with someone who is honest and has reasonable prices.
Thanks Mike :)

I was referred through a client, told me they are honest, and won't try and sell me something I don't need.
She was absolutely right.
My check engine light has been on for about a month, so I took it in, they said it was the purge valve.
He said I wasn't in a real hurry to fix it, unless it was to get the smog test.
I guess all it does is reroutes the gas fumes, so it doesn't affect our ozone.
When it's time, I will go back to have them fix it.

