$$$$$ will work with u for cash, Getting a jelly type substance (hypodermic acid) make sure U ask for Euflexxa or supartz; they R more natural so safer 4 ur body) shot in my knee  so I don't have to have knee surgery.
At first they wanted me to get a knee replacement.
Don't do it research google prp & orthopedics.
The body is an amazing thing, One Dr. here does this prosedure however I can't remember his name.

I've seen dozens of doctors and been in countless offices, clinics, and hospitals, AOSM is by far the best I've ever been to!
The Front Office ladies are a pleasure to work with; as many times as I've been in the office and/or called, they've never been unpleasant.
The assistants are wonderful and so very helpful.
The PA I saw post-op was fantastic and really took the time to explain things in a way anyone could understand.
And, of course, Dr. Yee is by far one of the best doctors I've ever seen!
He introduced himself by first name and genuinely listened to everything I said, seemingly happy to help; definitely not the typical rushed and cold feeling most doctors give their patients.
Out of, now, three knee surgeries, this one was the best experience, least pain, and quickest recovery.
Two close friends have seen other Doctors at AOSM and were both extremely impressed as well.
He and his office are, in my seasoned opinion, the very best Las Vegas (or anywhere else) could offer!
If you're looking for a great Orthopedic Surgeon, look no further than AOSM!

After 3 surgeries on different parts of my body, all handled here, I would definetly say this is the place to go.
The Dr's here are all awesome!!!
Dr. Yee is by far the coolest, most professional Dr around.
He will give you an honest opinion and doesn't take any shortcuts to make sure you get back to full health.
The rest of the staff are always a pleasure to be around, especially Meg C (I love you).
If you have a knee, shoulder, hip, foot, whatever kind of injury, don't even consider anyplace else, these guys are awesome.

I see Dr. Liu at this location and I could not have asked for a better doctor.
I have been having problems with my knee for about a year and recently had to have surgery.
Dr. Liu and his staff are knowledgeable, caring and efficient.
From day 1, he has explained everything to me regarding my diagnosis and care, taken time to answer all of my questions and never once made me feel rushed or like I was an inconvenience.
My surgery was recently and the experience was better than I anticipated.
Everything went well and Dr. Liu and all his staff have been wonderful regarding follow up care.
I have also heard that all of the doctors at this location are wonderful.
I have not seen anyone else so I can't speak from experience but friends and colleagues have wonderful things to say about the doctors here.
The receptionists and nurses are also wonderful.
It's rare that you go to a doctors office and are met with a friendly face but that is always the case at Advanced.
Paperwork is handled efficiently, everyone is so nice and all questions are answered respectfully.
I have never waited more than 2 hours for a return phone call about billing or paper work and when I have had medical questions about my surgery, phone calls were returned within 20 minutes.
I HIGHLY recommend this office to anyone needing this kind of care.

This review is for Dr Otten.
After my knee surgery with Dr. Liu (see my other review) I was limping which caused an issue with my sacroiliac joint.
This in turn caused me chronic low back pain.
After trying a few things, I called AOSM.
I should have done this from the beginning.
I was referred to Dr. Otten and I liked him immediately.
He was open and warm and didn't make me feel like just another chart...  We talked about all of my options and he helped me decide which was best for me.
We decided on 2 rounds of joint injections.
I had the first set two days ago and I am even more impressed.
I was super nervous and he made sure to talk to me, made sure all my questions were answered and he completed the procedure quickly and almost painlessly.
I was beyond impressed by the bedside manner and excellent care I received.
Plus, my back feels 1000 times better.
As always the office staff at AOSM were amazing and accommodating.
I highly recommend this office as well as Dr. Otten.

I went to see Dr. Liu.
He seemed like a great doctor.
The office staff was so rude when I tried to schedule my surgery, I decided to go to another doctor.

I don't see how people can like Timothy Trainor.
I really don't consider him a doctor, or maybe I just had a bad experience with him.
He did a knee surgery on me and ended up ruining my knee, now seeing a new surgeon who is way better.
I would not recommend him at all.

I visited Dr. Kuruvilla at the urging of my family doctor when I ruptured my tendon.
I get queasy immediately at the the mere thought of any kind of medical practice, let alone visiting a doctors office.
Considering the pain I was in, I appreciated the minimal wait time, and even post surgery I have never waited more than a few minutes for a call-back or an office visit.
The entire staff, including the nurses, are not only compassionate but also funny, and sometimes when you're trying to take your mind off the pain, humor is exactly what you need.
I understand this might not be for everyone, but I really appreciated it.
Dr. Kuruvilla was a true pro from start to finish, and guided me with my options both pre and post surgery.
I hope anyone reading this never has an injury that requires them to visit such a doctor, but life happens, and if you need this kind of care, you can't beat it.
Highly recommended.

This review is based on my initial experience at AOSM.
Not with any specific doctor or treatment that I received.
It is now 2014.
Do you really need me to fill out 11 pages of paperwork, a lot of which is the same information?
You are going to photocopy my insurance card - do you really need me to write down the information that is on the card onto your paperwork?
Update your paperwork folks - all of it could have fit on 2 pages.
Again, update your paperwork - I am not going to give you my SSN.
No need for it.
Waited almost an hour to see the doctor.
Seems like this is fairly standard practice with any physician's office.
But they really shouldn't schedule so many patients at one time.
Please have some respect for our time.
The patient treatment appears to be really well organized, and I would easily give 5 stars to the doctor and assistants for the way that they handled everything else, including medication, injection etc...

I will say that Dr. Bady and Dr. Otten are great doctors and so nice.

Been having problem with my knees for about 5yrs now but, every doctors I've been to kept telling me there's nothing wrong with my knees when I can "feel" the pain n I can't even walk sometimes.
But, for some weird reason nothing shows on x-rays or MRI.
Knee pain has gotten worse so, I randomly found this place n made an appointment with an Assistant not actual doctor cz no one was available on my day off that week.
They made me wait for over an hour on the top of it, radiologist who took x-ray on my Knees was super rude asian guy who doesn't explain anything n expect people to know how to position legs on my own n he didn't even say anything when I was done so, I was standing in that dark room like an idiot for a while n I finally got to c this assistant...i felt like nothing was explained or done that day when I came home so, I wasted my day off for no reason.
Nobody called to check up on me or anything ever since i probably won't be going back AND I still don't know why my knees hurt...awesome!

So finally after waiting around for way more hours for this doctor than I ever should have, I made the decision on surgery day to cancel and to find another doctor.
This guy was late on surgery day, which just reeks of a consistent lack of respect for the patient.
I mean, you are requiring patients to have someone pick you up after surgery - that means two people are unable to work that day.. shouldn't you at least try to be on time for surgery?
You're not giving an official time until less than 24 hours before.
So you have plenty of time to make sure you're giving yourself enough time and to not overbook.
I was more than willing to ignore the fact that this office told the imaging center to take an MRI of the wrong shoulder.
And after getting the MRI, when it was obvious that pills and injections weren't helping, they suggested more injections and coming back for another appointment.
Meaning more wasted time.
Enough is enough - please have some respect for your patients.
I'm going to add a review for Dr. Bigler who eventually performed surgery on my shoulder - I'd highly recommend going to see him.

