their adobo fried rice, wrapped in a thinly scrambled omelette stype crepe is the bomb!!
don't leave vegas without at least trying this.
it's too good to miss out on!
update: their adobo fried rice omlette is SUPER bomb!
i had it for brunch today.
i tore that sucker up.
it was a friendly $6.95, and easy to share with my new hubby Walter.
the girls who worked there were awesome too, real laid back.
LOVE IT!!
also, they have a new STUDENT special now.
it's like $5 for a teri chicken plate.
YUMM!

Awesome food, way better than L&L....
Sometimes slow, but food is always hot & fresh...Lunch specials are a deal...will always go back...

I can say I conquered their pork adobo fried rice omelette and I am going to have to confirm that it is "soo good".
It's literally the size of a super burrito.
Aloha has a all the standard Hawaiin eats and a couple other quirky items to add to their menu.
Very good cheap eats.
They also have a pool hall karaoke bar connected to it.

this spots on point with the local grinds... i'd say i agree with Melanie A. when she says it's better than L&L... at least the ones here on the mainland...  i checked this spot on a thursday once for some hip hop function... not bad... thanks DZ kids...   the loco moco... come the fuck on... if you haven't hit it you better get on it mofos... stop sleepin on it... get yours and enjoy...

coworkers and i used to ditch outta the office for a taste of the islands... and here it was - Aloha Kitchen...  probably some of the Best Saimin in town... throw a little more chinese hot mustard in your broth and go to work... i sweat when i eat, so this saimin always clenses me... ha.
the food is good and the price is even better... hook it up.

Great Hawaiian fast-food joint!
Located inside California Hotel on the 2nd floor, this place is diamond in the rough.
It's inexpensive and food is better than most Hawaiian joints like L&L.
It fails to get the last star due to being crowded and it's located all the way in downtown Vegas, which is out of my way.

Haha what a cool lil place.
The location we went to even had a karaoke bar next door.
The food isn't too expensive.
I think I had the Kabli plate which came with slices of korea kabli ribs, chicken katsu (fried chicken cutlet), and macaroni salad, white rice, and teriyaki chicken for 8-9 bucks.
Everything was pretty good, and the kalbi was seasoned properly but just overcooked as some of the pieces are quite crispy and charred black.
It definitely filled me up for not too bad of a price.
Tacky Hawaiian hut themed restaurant but if I lived in LV I could see picking up to go's on the way to work from here.

Tried this place for my bro-in-law's B.P.
in Vegas.
The tapsilog, pork lau lau, adobo fried rice omelette, and chicken katsu are to die for.
Wish they had this back in So.
Cal.

ADOBO FRIED RICE OMELETTE!
Yum!
This is a local favorite somewhat off the strip, but their adobo fried rice omelette is worth coming here for after a night or early morning partying on the strip.
They have a karaoke bar attached next door for all you drunkard songbirds.
Definitely a local hotspot after hours.
And the two siblings that work there are hella cool too!

Meh.
On my 2 separate trips here, I've seen roaches in this place on BOTH occasions.
Need I say more?

All I have to say is Pork Adobo Fried Rice!
Just this alone makes me want to drive 5 hours from Phoenix, to eat this and this alone.
I love Hawaiian food for its perfect fusion of Asian cuisines but this has to be the best fusion of all in the history of fusions.
Good thing they have 3 locations in Vegas so I can hit one on my way in and while by the strip and on my way home.

pork adobo fried rice

local hawaiian food...cheap.
i liked the katsu with green curry.
off the strip.
kind of fattening.
i think there are a few locations in las vegas.

Frequented this place often when I used to work on Nellis AFB.
Brought a katsu/kalua pig mixed plate back to the office one day and everyone wanted to try some on first scent.
It turned into a weekly affair and people would actually get mad (one of my coworkers wanted to throw down once because we didn't let him know we were going) if they weren't notified.
The teri chicken/teri beef plate was a general favorite along with the aforementioned katsu/kalua plate.
My favorite though, was the fried rice omelette.
I used to go so often that as soon as I walked in, the girls would already order it for me.
I miss this place a lot.

This place is off the strip, but I refused to go back to the Bay Area without bringing home their Adobo Fried Rice wrapped in an Omelette.
So yummy!

WOW.
I was amazed that there was a bar connected to the restaurant.
Although, I did not get to go the "happening" karoake bar, I still think that the bar is an awesome addition.
Get a few mai-tais, beers, and then when ur good to go.. go next door for good old hawaiian food.
Bf told me to get adobo fried rice.
I didn't listen since I was in the mood for some fried chicken katsu and kahlua pig.
I was not impressed with kahlua pig and had hoped for a slightly bigger serving of fried chicken goodness.
The kahlua pig was a bit salty and hard to eat but the katsu made up for it.
I did manage to sneak about 3/4s of a spam musubi in.
That was delicious..
The sauce was nice, sweet and thick.
Fortunately, the bf decided to order the adobo fried rice omelette to take home.
I ate it the next day and grumbled my regrets about the previous night's decision.
ADOBO FRIED RICE OMELETTE IS A MUST.
Fried rice mixed with delicious adobo pork.
The pieces of pork was delicious and slightly reminded me of carnitas.
The rice was wrapped in a thin layer of egg, kinda like a wrap.
FREAKIN' DELICIOUS.
If it was good the next morning, I can only imagine how delicious it would have been fresh!

Kalua pork, lumpia, spam musubi, tapsilog, katsu, saimin soup, loco moco,  chicken adobo fried rice omelette--available late at night after the club!!!
Yup, I did say "chicken adobo fried rice omelette"!
Need I say more?
This place is the spot to satisfy your Hawaiian lunch plate w/ Filipino and Japanese flare craving at any time of the day!
They have three convenient location in Las Vegas.
Onoliciously masarap!!

My favorite take-out!
My usual is the kalbi ribs with a side of macaroni salad.
YUM.
I've gotten the Kalbi combo, Tempura plate and spam masubi.
I usually call and pick up an order.
I noticed when they originally opened on Charleston.. they had bigger portions, but they still have great food when you're feeling to lazy to cook :P

Although a bit overpriced (in my opinion), this is truly a place where one can enjoy their filipino-hawaiian food.
Yes, I'm making my own judgement here.
I've been here twice, and there are always a lot of Filipinos here.
The food is pretty good.
They do serve a lot of authentic typical hawaiian barbeque type of dishes that you'd expect from an L&L or Ohana Hawaii BBQ place.
Spam Musubi, Macaroni Salad, beef, chicken, and pork pieces, scoops of rice.
saimin I think as well.
But this place is unique, and is known especially for their adobo fried rice omelet (a giant omelet stuff with fried rice and adobo pork [stuffed as if it were a turkey filled with stuffing]) and their oxtail soup.
The omelet is great the first time, but it's nothing that special.
It's nice to try just to say that you tried it, but I stay away from it because of its price.
The oxtail soup is also something not really special, unless you've never tried it before and would like to give it a try.
They have special student-i.d.
meal deals, which is nice as long as you don't forget your school i.d., and you can refill your drinks by yourself, which is nice as well (compared to some places where you have to ask the cashier to refill your drink for you).
Thus, I give this place a solid 4 stars.
After trying Aloha Kitchen's specialties, this place isn't anything super special.
I'd rather go to Ohana Hawaiian Barbeque where it's more affordable, and just as good (if not better) tasting.

Hawaiian food with a line of people out side.
Mostly Asian people.
Was a good sign.
And food was great!
The Punch was really good.
The chairs were only ok.

Yet another Hawaiian food spot that I dine at every so often.
The food here is okay.. nothing like home but it gets me by every time I'm craving.
The only thing I eat here is the Hula plate because almost everything else has some type of meat in it.
It is a Hawaiian food spot so that's pretty much a given.
There are some Filipino food on the menu as well but I tend not to venture too much into that area because of the same reason: the meat.
I like the fact that they have Hawaiian Sun.
But, I never seem to get any because the plates are kinda pricey already and I'd rather pick up a six pack of juice from CVS for the same price as one can here.
Food is alright but it just doesn't hit the spot like it should.

I wish they had filled Malasada and shave ice with traditional toppings.
( hint hint ) ( that would be a great business move  it would increase revenue popularity and profit.
Thier Adobo Omelette is something of inovative splendor and awe hahah.
Love their  Laulau its my favorite dish.
Although their  rinds are out of this world good for being so far from hawaii the amount of rice does'nt exactly fullfill the filipino/hawaiian/ any islanders palette hahah give a bigger scoop, rice is cheap geez lol, The bar right next door (aloha bar) is an okay kick back spot.... if I could change something about the bar it would most definately be  the smell I know people smoke indoors  in bars but  if you had the smell of the tropics in a bar and maybe play some smooth jams  with better lighting during the day  you increase business in the daytime.
well thats  my two cents on this jewel from the Ninth Island Grind spot

Some good shit here!
Can't really go wrong in any of their plates!

So another long overdue review  I've eaten at Aloha kitchen at least 6 times over the last three years.
It's a decent place - reasonable prices ( I've never spent more than $10 ) good service and the food is good - somewhat standard hawaiian fare so for me, since trying island flavor, i have to consider Aloha kitchen to be a cut below( i dig Island Flavor !
)   went with the terriyaki chicken plate - prefer to have two scoops of mac salad to the 2 scoop rice they give you ( and i asked for 2 mac instead of the rice ... oh well )   pic added.

This place is A-OK.
I wanted to try the adobo omlette to see what the hype was all about but it did not live up to the hype if you ask me.
I had to add more soy sauce and vinegar to the omlette for more flavor.
I will come back again but I will definitely try something else.

Do not come here expecting L&L, the Loft, or Ohana.
You will be disappointed.
My definition of a mixed plate = mass quantities of outstanding comfort food.
This place lacks in the quantity area, but the tastes are hit and miss.
Thus my rating.
Details:   Kalua Pork: excellent, not too salty.
Flavor is right on.
Mahi Mahi: pretty damn good.
Lau Lau: not bad, but not the best I've had.
Chicken Katsu: maybe I got yesterday's.
It tasted stale and heavy, with a strange aftertaste.
BBQ pork: meh.
Prices: average Service: the people were friendly, and above average.

Really quite confused on the low # of ratings for this eatery, then again, this could only mean the best of vegas has yet to be fully discovered!
Aloha Kitchen, a Filipino/Hawaiian fusion of each respective's cultures most popularized dishes.
With that said, I give you, the adobo fried rice omelette and loco moco review.
I've been raving about Aloha's loco moco as soon as the gravy and my taste buds collided.
Definitely brag-worthy, whether you've tried loco moco's before or not.
I was a first timer and have never even heard of such a dish.
Once I returned to SoCal, I tried to find something, ANYTHING, that could imitate Aloha's and just wound up leaving Ono's & The Loft dissatisfied.
I like how Aloha's asks how I would like my eggs cooked.
Over easy please, thank you very much for asking!
Adobo fried rice omelette.
Highly recommended by friends but enjoyed the loco moco more.
Maybe it was a bit too dry to eat post loco moco?
Either way, it's definitely not something to miss, so don't skip out on this if it's your first time visiting.

After a night out of the crazy vegas life, came into this place with an empty stomach and a hangover.
SO GOOD and pretty cheap.
adobo fried rice omelette?
the best I have ever had.
huge portions!
and the tapsilog is really good too.

Friendly staff and good food can't beat it !

IF YOU COME TO VEGAS, YOU ABSOLUTELY NEED TO STOP BY ALOHA KITCHEN FOR THEIR ADOBO OMELETTES!
I swear, nothing beats a 6am morning with adobo omelettes!
The best thing is that you can buy one and share it among your three tiny female friends or among your large self.
it's off the strip, but if you drove to Vegas, it's worth the pickup.
I swear it beats the food court's overpriced pizza or pasta, more fulfilling and cheaper than the buffet at the Wynn.

Aloha kitchen's teriyaki combo plate is what I mainly come here for, It's a 3 meet plate, rice and a side of macaroni salad...yum but there's other great eats on the menu such as the mahi mahi plate and masubi's.

I have had better Hawaiian cuisine elsewhere, but I like this place because of it's value.
It seems like that whatever you order you get a whole lot of it which is great when you are on a budget.
Every time I go to this place I always have to order the mac salad and the spam musubi.
Their chicken katsu is also nicely done, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.
I like to come to this place when I'm feeling really hungry and I'm in need of "stick to your ribs" kind of food.
This place will definitely leave you full for a very long time.

Only 4 stars because I gave Hawaiian Hale 5 stars, but this place is good eats too.
I took a bite of my friend's Adobo Fried Rice, YUUM!
Sometimes, the stew is good.
And everything else is typical hawaiian, but definitely one of the best in LV.

Adobo Fried Rice Omelette FTW!!
SO DELICIOUS!
Huuuuge serving, I can never finish it on my own.
I usually just eat half, and save the rest for later.. yes it's still freaking yummy later.
Definitely a MUST TRY!

I use to go here a lot.
Since moving to North Las Vegas, NV I rarely go.
I do notice one thing, actually quite a few things.
It seems like the food has changed.
It definitely is not for the better.

I'd like to give Aloha Kitchen more Stars, but I was disappointed with my meal this afternoon.
I've been here only on two occasions, but I do have plans to go back and try them again since they are so convenient.
I think the convenience factor for me is the best part of this establishment.
Considering there is nothing but fast food around my house, this place IS a nice refreshing way to get food fast.
Thus far I have had the Mahi Mahi & Katsu Combo Plate and the Kalua Pork/Katsu combo.
I think it's hard to make bad katsu, so I don't have any issues with their katsu chicken.
The Kalua Pork I had was pretty damn good, although maybe I tad too salty for me to eat the whole thing.
However, it was juicy, hot and delicious.
As for the mahi mahi, I was kind of disappointed.
Maybe the way they do their mahi mahi is just not my thing, but I really did not enjoy it.
As for the sides, they're usually okay.
Macaroni and salad is kinda hard to screw up.
But sometimes I find their rice to be mooshy and not very good.
Personally I would rather go to 808 Mix Plate, but it's incredibly far from my house.

Do you like any of the below?
(a) rice (b) adobo (c) eggs (d) feeling full  If you picked any of the letters above, adobo fried rice is a must.

I lived in Hawaii (on Oahu & Maui) for 11 years (1981-92), and on the US Mainland, it's difficult to find truly delicious Hawaiian cuisine.
ALOHA KITCHEN solves that problem, superbly.
My favorite dish is Kalua Pig, and I must say that it tasted every bit as good here, as it did in the islands.
It turns out that this is a family-owned company, and the folks there are from Hawaii also, so they KNOW how Hawaiian dishes are supposed to taste.
If you've never enjoyed the flavor of the islands, you're in for a very special treat, and I heartily urge you to stop by sometime, to give their many menu items a true sampling.
It's my belief that you will enjoy dining there, as much as I do.

Excellent food for cheap.
It's off the strip but well worth the drive.
They renovated the dining area.

I eat at Aloha Kitchen roughly 2-3 times a week.
I am a fan because the food is good, prepared in a timely fashion, the portions are nice and hearty, and the service is warm and friendly.
(They even took the effort to remember my name and greet me by my name).
I would easily say that the quality and taste of their dishes surpasses that of L&L Hawaiian BBQ.
They have a good atmosphere for dining, although I usually call in my order and take it to go.
Staff is always friendly with me, which is a plus for me.
They also have various filipino dishes, as well, which keeps it more interesting, IMO.

I had the kalua pig and laulau (Hawaiian plate), as well as a manapua.
The food was very good, but I thought it was a bit pricey.
Will still go again if I get the chance.

WOWZA - adobe fried rice omelette, spam/eggs/rice, adobe/rice/mac salad = ALL AMAZING.
Perfect for breakfast, lunch or dinner - SO YUMMY!!!
They had a sign up sheet for zip codes for locations they want to open up in California - Honestly, Aloha Kitchen, Los Angeles/San Gabriel area is where all the Asians are at and will come clamoring for good Hawaiian food!
Please open up in California soon, we are desperate for good Hawaiian cuisine - L&L definitely doesn't cut it after I had Aloha Kitchen!

went here the past weekend while i was in Vegas with some friends and I'm pretty impressed.
the employee at the register greeted us as we walked in which was nice.
place was nice with decorations that made the place nice to be in.
i ordered chicken katsu with a side of macaroni salad and a side of one spam masubi.
as for the food it self was pretty damn goooooood.
best I've had in a while.
i would go back when i'm back in Vegas defiantly.
but why only 4 stars?
the table we sat at was still dirty  same with some others, we had to clean it ourselves before sitting.

I had never had Hawaiian food before, so I wasn't really sure what to expect.
Something with... pineapples?
My friend found my ignorance amusing and offered to order on my behalf.
He said some words I didn't know, and just a few minutes later, I had a large colorful plate in front of me, heaping with rice and vegetables and chunks of various cooked, BBQed, and fried meats.
Fearless, I dove in.
Some pieces of meat I liked better than others, but all of it was good and had a home-cooked feel to it.
My entire Hawaiian feast cost less than $10 total.
I was most definitely a fan.
If I ever roll through Vegas again, I will pop on a grass skirt and go for another plate of mystery meat.

My girlfriend had posted on her Facebook and would check in to this place when she would go to LV.
So I wanted to try it out myself with my hubby.
We went there one year, and I was so wanting to try their adobe fried rice omelette that everyone keeps talking about.
It was pretty tasty and very different that's for sure.
We enjoyed it.
It would def be cool if they were to open one up in Southern CA.

The best Curry  Katsu I've ever had!!!!!
Will definitely be back for more, my folks wouldn't even let me enjoy my food in piece, everybody wanted some!!!
The wait was very long but ill wait again for that food.

I love me some Aloha Kitchen!
I mean it's Hawaiian food which automatically equals delicious!
This location isn't fancy, but it gets the job done.
All of the food is cooked when you order it, so it is always nice and fresh when you get it.
You have to wait a little bit, but it is worth it to get your food piping hot and delicious!
The menu has a huge variety of your island faves at reasonable prices.
Everything I have tried from the katsu to kalua pig to the loco moco has been great.
It tastes like everything I ate when I was in Hawaii.
YUM!
They also have burgers and food like that for anyone in your party who isn't adventurous, which is nice because everyone group has that one picky eating these days.
If you want some great island food without having to go Downtown, check out Aloha Kitchen for sure.

The food is really great especially "chicken katsu"

No beating around the bush on this one!
Delicious and Affordable.
It's around the corner of my house and I go often and have NEVER been disappointed!

Saw a friend post a pic of their adobo fried rice omelette so when I went to Viva over the weekend, I had to get one.
So delicious!
My bf and family enjoyed their food too.
Open one in California!!

OmGosh excellent customer service!
I must say Neil is one heck of a server!!!
Love the Kalbi Ribs, definitely recommended!

Great food and service!
We were first timers And Neil was very helpful to us and recommended the Adobo fried rice, chicken katsu and kolbi beef was bomb!!!
Everything was great, will def come back!

I love this place!
We always have to eat here whenever we go to Vegas!
I recommend the adobo fried rice!

Neil the Cashier is nice,and personable.
The food quality SUCKS.
they DONT have Sticky Rice anymore, there to over priced, there bathroom was dirty!!!
I will not go back ,thank you

I am in love with this place.
I was driving by with my friend and she informed me that this place had really great food.
I am always up for trying something new and delicious.
When I walked in the restaurant looks relax, they have comfortable seating, the menu is pretty large.
My friend recommended me to try the Local Plate witch includes Teriyaki chicken, teriyaki Beef, Hawaiian Macaroni salad, steam rice and two spam masubi for less than $8.
For starters this was definitely a plate to have, never had a spam masubi and man I tell you I dream of having one of those everyday.
Even If you never been a spam fan this will definitely change your mind.
One thing I would inform the seaweed that it is wrap with the flavor is a little strong but It goes very well.
You must try and see for yourself.
I can honestly say this place will have you addicted!!!

The girl that was working here tonight earned aloha a 1 star tonight.
Working in retail I know what it's like when customers come in the store close to closing.
We came in at 9:30pm and I asked if I could get some sauce so we could eat here.
She asked me if we could eat here for only a few minutes because they were closing in 10 minutes.
I immediately asked her when they closed because the door said 10PM.
We ate here anyways.
Thanks for ruining my experience here.

I'm going to keep this one simple and my rating is based strictly on the quality of food and service.
As soon as I walked in, I received a warm welcome from the woman at the register.
She was very polite and cute ;-) I wanted and combo that consisted of half beef and chicken with all rice.
First I was offered the bowl, but being that I have a huge appetite I opted for the combo dinner which is a larger portion.
The combo doesn't have just chicken and beef.
It has pork as well.
I'm not too much of a pork eater so she was nice enough to offer me extra chicken at no additional charge!!!!
Hey Hey!
Once I received my food, it looked so amazing that I chose to dine in and eat.
The first thing that came to my mind was "Lawd!
" Lol.
The quality of food is light years above L&L and their teriyaki sauce is amaze balls.
The crunchiness of the outer coat of the chicken goes very well with the soft goodness once you bite into it!
I love spicy so I drowned mines in hot sauce and was blown away.
I've also tried the one on Maryland Pkwy but this by far is my favorite.
Make sure you stop by!

My favorite place to eat Hawaiian food.
I bring all my friends here.
I always get local plate.
Can't go wrong.

This place is right near work, and we have eaten here many many times in the past since it opened.
But things are going downhill here, people.
Over the past 8 or so months they have frequently been out of basic food items.
Like mixed vegetables often, and curry frequently, and chicken.
Yup, one day they did not have chicken at lunch time.
And the microwave has been broken for the past I don't now how long, so many things that should not be microwaved anyway that are on the menu are not available.
In the past 6 months they got themselves a new cook/manager.
The women at the front have since changed again and again.
And now this guy is up front a lot.
And he is aggressive and ornery.
Today was our last day setting foot in this place.
We approached the counter after waiting patiently, and he instantly demanded to know if I was paying cash or credit.
Then he chastised me for not ordering correctly (we always order the same thing and he knows it).
There's an L&L on Nellis and Sahara.
They are really nice and professional.
And they have poke.
They are never out of basic stuff.
And they don't treat you like you are a criminal for asking for chicken with mixed vegetables (apparently, it is "STIR FRIED VEGETABLES WITH CHICKEN.
NEXT TIME ORDER IT THE RIGHT WAY.
") It was also nice when you didn't have to plead for siracha.

I tried this location for the first time today.
I ordered the beef bowl and lumpia.
It wasn't terrible and filled me up however it was not as good as the Sahara / Decatur location.
The lumpia was overcooked and the beef bowl did not have much sauce on it!!!
It's worth the extra mileage to go to the other location!

Okay I just finished my food !!!
The best lumpia !!!
I'm so happy I stopped by!
Cool employees great food .
My new go to place !

I am in love with this food every time I see one I have to stop in and get the combination plate  .
The chicken is delicious there customer service is awesome always happy the place is always spotless

Their local plate is awesome here.
Each visit is better than before.
I can't wait to return there again.

I love this place the food here is authentic and best of all Hawaiian .
I would recommend this place to others .

A good spot to go for " in a hurry " situation Hawaiian food.
Was my favorite in town but I feel like they are starting to go cheap in ingredients and you can really taste it in the food..

First time there and the food was good.
Not crowded which I liked.
Fast device and large portions.

I always order the adobo fried rice omelet and spam musubi when I come here.
The food is great but my experience here the past few times have been TERRIBLE.
They are always busy and understaffed.
I placed a to go order and waited over 40 minutes.
Because they're so busy, the waitresses mix up the orders and give someone's order to a different table.
Even when you call an order in, you still have to wait over 20 minutes for the food to be done.
I do NOT  recommend coming to this location.
They have a location close to the galleria mall which has better service and the food is just a good.

We stopped in for a quick bite on our way through Vegas.. didn't want a burger or Mexican food and found this little spot which turned out to be very good!
Had a teriyaki chicken and teriyaki beef bowl: both we excellent and very reasonably priced!
To top off the delicious meal, we became acquainted with Neal, the Big Kahuna at this location.
Extremely friendly and service oriented, I highly recommend stopping in for a bite to eat.
Mahalo!

A friend took me to the original aloha kitchen and blew my mind with the adobe omelet.
Since then they opened many more locations and somewhere down the line they were lost their consistency.
The adobe omelet i had was dry and used over cooked left over chicken meat.
The recipe is great, but the execution was bad.
I recommend trying the original location.

It looked vacant but as I opened the door the aroma quickly hit me .
i had the teriyaki beef and sum lumpia , both were good !!
although i had sum of my co workers beef (which is what brought me here) from the one off of Sunset i believe and it was tastier .
lumpia were small i must say but i think they give u approx.
6 so not bad for the price but my lumpia put theirs to shame .
the beef over a bed of rice made it feeling .
nice meal for a decent price a +

