This Review is pertaining to Dr. Clarissa Barrettoko's office.
Dr. Barrettoko is A GREAT DOCTOR.
Honestly, I've seen many doctors in the past, so I was skeptical when I first went to see her.
BUT she is truly a great doctor.
She is very enthusiastic about helping others.
You can see and feel the positivity.
She is a DO not an MD which I think is why her approach to everything is not always medication.
Her passion for what she does really DOES make a huge difference.
After I moved to California, I went to other doctors... Had some very bad experiences... decided that I am going to have to make a trip to Vegas every once in awhile because I refuse to see any other doctor.
She is THE BEST, and no other doctor could even compare..  You're probably wondering why I'm giving it four stars.
I had an appointment with the Dr. Barrettoko at 8AM.
I knew that I would have some tests that day so I went ahead and didnt eat anything because that's what is required for these tests.
(YES, they do blood work in their office place!).
I went ahead and told the ladies up front that I am going to do blood work.
After my 8am appointment, it was 9am.
When I don't eat in the morning, I feel EXTREMELY dizzy.
I asked this particular lady in the front how much longer I would have to wait to get my  blood work drawn.
She told me 5-10 minutes.
When I exit the door, there is about 12 people in the waiting room.
I'm assuming for blood.. and I was right.
Well 45 minutes later, keep in mind I'm feeling extremely dizzy.
I saw that a new patient came in, and waited about five minutes than went to get her blood work drawn.
Now at this point, it made me irritated to see this.
I went to the front and spoke with the lady named Kim (The women I referenced earlier when she told me it would be a 5-10 minute wait.
) I told her that I saw a lady wait about five minutes than proceed to get her blood work drawn, & I was wondering how much more longer it would be till I could get mine done.
I said this very nicely.
I'm the type of person that would not start a confrontation with anybody.
She told me that THAT person had an appointment and THAT's why she went ahead, and I explained to her that I haven't eaten anything and I have been here since 7:45.
This is the part that just really shocked me.. She told me in an extremely rude way that I didn't have an appointment to get my blood worked done.
THAN SHE asked me if I just WANTED to leave and reschedule later.
WOW!!
I told her no, I do not want to reschedule I have been waiting for about 50 minutes now for blood work.
Keep in mind that there was many people around watching and heard this conversation.
She was extremely loud when she asked me if I wanted to leave.
Jeez I just wanted to know how many people were in front of me, not to be bashed at.
When I sat back down the person next to me told me that "Kim" is always like that.
WOW talk about public humiliation.
I'm still very upset that this women was extremely unprofessional and others know that she is as well.
I really hope just because of the rude medical assistant up front(They are medical assistants, right?
), they will still come back to see Dr. Barrettoko.

I became a patient of Dr. Barrettoko after my favorite doctor at Nevada Family Care moved on.
What a disappointment that was.
I would have followed her, but her new facility did not accept my insurance.
Dr. Barrettoko is not of the same caliber as the previous doctor.
The final straw was during my last appointment.
As I was telling Dr. Barrettoko what I was feeling, what symptoms I was experiencing and I caught her texting on her cell phone.
She works with an iPad-like device that has the patient's medical records on it.
She was trying to hide her cell phone behind the tablet as she was texting away.
Unbelievable!
If want a doc's I undivided attention do not visit Dr. Barrettoko.
The rest of the staff is nice enough.
I do not have experience with any of the doctors at Nevada Family Care.

I love the family practice doctors here at Nevada family care.
They have there own lab technicians on site, this make blood work so much easier.
They are first come first serve no appts.
I have never waited longer than 20 minutes from check in to check out.
The only reason this place does not receive 5 stars.
Is the wait times.
I know with health insurance pay outs, the docs have to see more patients.
But sheesh.
The longest I have waited so far is 50minutes with an appt.
Normal wait is 30 minutes from check in .

When we moved here from Chicago in 2013, I was recommend to this practice by Dr. Karl  himself.
He had taken such great care of my father at the St. Rose Wound Clinic, and I wanted to have my family see him as their primary care physician.
He was no longer accepting new patients, so we were placed with Dr. Fakhouri and we absolutely adored him.
I was a self-pay, as I had no insurance at the time, my son was self-pay, my disabled daughter had Medicaid (because of her disability), and my father had Medicare and a supplement that covered EVERYTHING.
One day, about one month ago, we had to go in for a hospital follow-up on my daughter.
There was a girl at the desk that I had never seen before, and from the moment we walked in she was very rude.
She threw the sigh-in board at me and told me to sign in.
I let that go.
I tried to explain that my daughter had an additional insurance, and she cut me off dead in my tracks and told me to "sit down and wait".
We waited, and then she yelled out my daughter's FULL NAME, which is totally against HIPPA laws, and proceeded to deny us service, stating that my daughter had "Medicaid HMO" secondary and they did not participate in this plan.
We were told to find another Dr.
When I tried to explain that she did NOT have Medicaid HMO, she argued the fact with me so loudly that a patient in the waiting room weighed in on the treatment we were receiving.
Then, to make matters worse, she said: "This is exactly why we do not like accepting Medicaid!
"  Now, we are just looking foolish, like we are just milking the system.
NOT that my daughter was disabled and could not be insured elsewhere.
I went home, called Medicaid and was assured that she was NOT an HMO patient.
She had straight Medicaid and should not have been turned away.
After I was done speaking with Medicaid, I called the billing department and spoke with the billing manager.
While I had her on the line, I expressed my disappointment in the office girl and she told me she would e-mail the office manager about the issue.
I received a call from the office manager the next day, and she told me that she was "sorry that I felt that way.
"  My daughter was seen by Dr. Fakhouri the next morning Friday, and he seemed very busy and preoccupied.
I told him that my daughter was complaining of a sore throat and ear pain.
He told me that her ears were congested and to get Allegra D over-the-counter.
Needless to say, she developed a fever and was seen in the ER the next day.
She had two infected ears, and pharyngitis, placed on antibiotics and we went on our way.
That Monday morning, I received four certified letters from Dr. Fakhouri discharging my entire family, including my father who was hospitalized, from his care.
No reason, just find another Dr. through the yellow pages, etc.
When the home health nurse had to call his office after discharge, he was given the complete run-around by his staff.
My father's blood-pressure was critically low, and it took the office two and one-half hours to get back to the home health nurse.
HE WAS APPALLED!!
When I called the office to find out why each of us was discharged I was told that perhaps the Dr. thought we were "not a good fit", and "would be unable to provide us with proper care".
Really???
I thought he was an MD...
I have been in the medical profession for almost 30 years, and you must provide the patient with a substantial reason for discharge.
It is a law!!!!
She refused to ask Dr. for a concrete reason, and did not even allow us to see another physician in the group.
So, now we are all hanging without a physician.
When I left the office the last time, I did tell the girl at the desk:  Perhaps you should check your attitude at the door.
A medical office with people are ill, do not deserve to be treated in this manner.
"  I also reiterated that she was a "bitch" from the moment we walked in.
I stated this very calmly and very quietly.
There was no disruption of the office, nor did anyone in the waiting room comment.
Except this poor man and his wife who were being told the same thing, and he said "Good for you!
"  I never had a balance at this office, and I actually was the only one besides my son who was actually paying full price for services rendered because we were self-pay.
There were no previous incidences, and I am very disappointed to hear that my Dr. felt that he could not provide "proper care"... THAT ABOUT SAYS IT ALL!!!!!
Look elsewhere if you have a choice, because unless you want to be treated poorly by the staff, and the patient suffers from it, then I would reconsider this practice and explore all other options.
I hope that you find this review helpful, because you never know when they feel like getting rid of you too!!!!!
My poor father has been stuck now without a primary care Dr., and he has Alzheimer's, diabetes, and is now being placed in a group home.

