My air conditioner broke Monday.
I contacted my home warranty, First American Home Buyers Protection, and they contacted L&S air and heating, a contracted vendor, to complete the repairs.
It is now Saturday, and they're scheduled to make the repair.
It will be their third visit to my house to troubleshoot and complete the replacement of a compressor.
So... Three visits to replace a part.
I'm sure the technician was more than capable to effectively troubleshoot and replace the part in the same visit, which would have been wednesday.
But.
Because I'm going thru a warranty company, I've gotten ZERO consideration from this company.
Despite letting them know I have a 5 month boy at home and it's 92 degrees in my house, this company did nothing to speed up the process.
Completely worthless customer service.
If I had been paying them directly they would not have blown me off all week.
They will get paid the same amount regardless, so to them I am nothing.
Horrible customer service.
Horrible.
I also plan to cancel my home warranty policy, in case anyone read this far.

Can I give ZERO stars??
Called First American Home Warranty Co. Monday 6/30/14 to put in service call.
By Tuesday, L&S had not called me so I called them to make an appt.. Appt was for Wednesday.
Tech came out and diagnosed problem.
Said someone would be out Friday to fix it.
I called L&S Thursday to see what time someone would be out on Friday.
No go.
First appt.
was Saturday 10-3.
Techs showed up Sat just before noon.
Paperwork issue had me on the phone AGAIN .
Techs worked until 1:30 when a supervisor called them and told them to leave.
Supervisor called me to tell me that they were leaving and that a new tech would be there in 20 MINUTES (because the techs that were here already, didn't have all the parts needed!).
I called L&S two hours later and they had no idea where their tech was or when he would be to my home.
Two additional hours go by and still no tech.
I call L&S AGAIN only to get a message saying the office is closed and the mailbox is full (of messages from pissed off customers I'm sure!).
Finally, FOUR AND A HALF HOURS AFTER I WAS TOLD TWENTY MINUTES, two more techs show up.
They are still here.
This had better be fixed SOON!!
I've had ZERO a/c for six days in temps over 100 degrees, I have three kids and numerous animals.
Two of my pets have DIED because I could not keep them cool enough (a pair of crested geckos if anyone cares.
L&S sure doesn't give a shit.).
I also have diabetes and sleep hooked up to a machine at night, so my life has been pretty much Hell for almost a week.
DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!
EVEN AS A LAST RESORT!
You're better off doing it yourself.
Blindfolded.
I get that a/c companies get busy in the summer, but this is just ridiculous!

This is one of the most incompetent and poorly run businesses I have ever encountered.
My story is almost identical to the one from Sean T. My air conditioner broke on 6/29.
I called my insurance company which is First American.
They contracted L&S to come do the repair for my place.
I called L&S the next day and they scheduled me for an appointment between 3-8pm.
L&S never came in this time period, their office was closed and nobody returned my call.
I contacted my insurance company and they were unable to even get a hold of L&S through their "emergency" contact line.
After waiting another 2 days they finally sent a technician to my house.
He inspected my air conditioner and stated that it needed a part that he would order.
He then made me an appointment for 2 days later to return and install it.
2 days later it was the same exact story.
Nobody showed up for my appointment, the office was closed and nobody could be reached through their "emergency" line.
Multiple phone calls to the insurance company and to L&S were unsuccessful at getting the part and it took over 2 weeks to finally have the part delivered and installed.
I spent many hours waiting for technicians that never showed up and many hours on hold.
Their own clerks cant even get a hold of their technicians.
To rely on these guys to repair my air conditioning unit in the middle of Las Vegas summer is a huge mistake.
Take your money elsewhere or ask your insurance company to use another contractor to save yourself a huge headache.

