This is a tale-out location.
The food and the service is spot on.

I hate to admit, but I'm kind of a fan of Pizza Hut but please don't confuse that with me saying it's the best pizza I've ever had.
There's another pizza joint closer to my house that I love, but the hours are harder to work around unless you're eating dinner at a decent hour.
So yes, at 9:30pm on a Sunday I'm a fan of Pizza Hut.
$10 dinner box: medium 1 topping pan-style pizza, breadsticks, and cinnamon sticks.
After upgrading the pizza with an additional topping (pepperoni seems so juvenile before you add mushrooms) and the breadsticks to cheesesticks, we got out for $12 and change.
Service was ordinary, but the food came out exactly as ordered and quickly.
Most importantly, it was delicious (not just edible).
I believe this joint is open until 11pm on weekdays, and midnight on Fridays and Saturdays which is the only reason it got an extra star from me.

ordered online.
got a large stuffed crust pizza with extra cheese and a medium 2 topping pizza.
delivery guy was nice.
order came on time, not early, not late.
medium pizza toppings were missing and my large was cut into 6 slices.
will go there again based on the service.
hopefully they'll get the order right this time and the guy cutting my pizzas is not high.

This place is the epitome of bad customer service + health code violation!!!!
The first time I went I ordered online which said my order would be ready for pick up in 25 minutes when I showed up they were standing around talking and when I finally got someones attention they told me they hadn't even started making it, so I had to sit there an additional 20 min!!!
The second time my food was ready but some employee with no brain thought it was a good idea to spray the inside of the holding rack windows with windex while mine and others food was inside TWICE!!!
When I told the manager her response was "people make mistakes" lol wow.
She then rudely told me they would replace my order and guess who she picked to make it?
Windex lady!!!
I will never go to this disgusting place again!!
Then again with a 45 year old looking manager that clearly can't even brush her hair ,and other employees bringing out free food to their boyfriends in front of waiting customers I guess my average expectations were just too high

Made my order online waited almost 30 minutes more from the expected delivery time.
Called lady on the phone really nice said the food was already out for delivery.
Finally 45 minutes after the estimated time I get my food, not happy food was cold the pizza was missing ingredients.

I placed a carry out order for the $10 deal box online.
My order was ready on time and I was able to get in and out quickly with my dinner.
Everything was perfect.

