Now there is pizza ( Domino's, Pizza Hut, etc.
) then there is New York Pizza.
This place is the only place that I have found so far in Vegas that has pizza that reminds me of NY.
They even sell pizza by the slice.
The place is nice with about 10 tables and old pictures of the owners house and family back in NY.
The have a huge menu of Italian favorites as well as pizza.
When you first walk in to order grab a Zeppoli ( fried dough ball topped with powdered sugar ) for a free sample taste while you ponder the menu.
I ordered 2 slices one pepperoni and sausage and one white margarita.
The pepperoni and sausage was excellent.
Not those little sausage balls used at other places but real Italian sausage thinly sliced so when heated it becomes a little crispy.
The pizza was thin and crispy and the crust was crispy on the outside but soft and chewy in the middle.
The white pizza was to die for.
No tomato sauce instead they use olive oil.
Then topped with mozzarella and ricotta cheeses, fresh tomato chunks and basil.
WOW.
I love a good white pizza.
This place has the best pizza in Las Vegas.
The owner is very friendly and the pizza is great.
If you are looking for authentic NY Pizza this is your place.

Last Friday we were in Vegas for March Madness and needed to grab a few pizzas between games!
Where are we going to go?
Hmmm....Rose's UNLV go'in sister said "Rocco's".
Wow....what a FIND!!
I have to say it's the best NY style pizza that I have had in Vegas.
We had the white pizza which was OUTSTANDING, everyone was raving about it.
We also had a sausage and mushroom pie and the tomato basil.
They were extremely tasty!
We will be in NYC next month and I will be going to Lombardi's to get my favorite pizza but when I'm in Vegas I will be going to Rocco's!
Bottom line.....Rocco's ROCKS!

so i'm off to my old bar to watch the ncaa championship, fla v. okla. i decide to bring some pizza's.
i'm on the westside and remember rocco's on buffalo ( tried a sammie there once, decent ) so when i call info, they send me to rocco's in summerlin - the guy on the line convinces me to try them out - thick new york accent, major attitude , " we have the best pizza in the valley !
" okaaaay   order a sausage and a peperoni ( only meat for the patrons of my old place )   strange location for a pizza place - they've got about 5 pies displayed for per slice orders ( notice later they have 5-6 pizzas stored below the counter - why ?
)   nice enough place - got the italian/ny pics on the wall, yeah, never seen that before.
included a free order of the little italian donut puffs ( damn it, my mom is looking down on me know for forgetting the name !
) zeppole ?!?!
get the pizza to the bar, the bar fly's start to swarm, i get a slice of each before the boxes are down to crumbs.
pepperoni - ok - a little to much cheese combined with the peperoni grease makes for a floppy slice !
The sausage - very good !!
i'm trying a place in henderson next week where the owners claim THEY have the best ny -style pizza in the valley - i'm looking forward to the comparison.

My hats off to these guys.
Tucked away in an obscure place across from the Red Rock Hotel and Casino is Rocco's.
Decorated in New York style with photos and oddities from the East Coast, this is hands down on eof the best pizza places in town.
Not only do they have good pizza but it's the staff that makes the place.
Always friendly, always helpful, they make one of the best NY style pizza's in town.
Calzone, Zeppoli, etc.
this places rocks......!!!

Great location across from Red Rock Casino, if you happen to stay there.
It's back behind the Chevron on Charleston.
As everyone else has mentioned, the folks who work there are SUPER friendly.
The pies are a great homage to the NY masterpieces.
We scored a slice of pepperoni/sausage and one of Sicilian (the latter was a bit burnt on the crust bottom) :( The meat-topped pie was thin, cheesy, chewy, tasty.
The Sicilian pie was nice - cheesy and crusty and perfectly sauced.
We also picked up a small order of the garlic knots.
Real doughy goodness with plenty of garlic sensibility.
The accompanying marinara made them extra tasty.
Wasn't so much a fan of seeing them served swimming in a greasy bath.
Still very tasty.
We also scored some cannoli.
These amazing pastries are VERY recommended.
Smooth cream with chocolate chips and a crispy crust and pounded with a powdered sugar storm.
Whoa.
I liked this place.
Check it out if you want to get away from the casino and get some fresh air.
It's a nice break from the smokey haze indoors.

This is my neighborhood joint, and I really couldn't ask for a better one.
From the outside, it is just another Vegas Strip Mall hole-in-the-wall, but inside, the owners try to make their NY experiences come to life through images and stories and, of course, the food.
The NY pizza (ie "floppy pizza") is very good.
They've got the ratio of sauce to cheese down and the crust, although not perfect, offers the right amount of glutenous chewiness.
But what I really come here for are the sandwiches.
I know, the name says pizzeria, but the sandwiches are works of art served on an entire loaf of crusty, wood oven-baked, Italian bread.
Yes, a whole loaf of fresh bread (a small loaf), is the vehicle on which their classic deli subs are built.
I would really be perfectly happy to just eat the bread without the filling, but a few thinly shaved meats and some oil, vinegar and black pepper never hurt!

Fugghetaboutit!
Meaning all the other places in Vegas that claim to have NY style pizza.
This is it baby.
This Queens girl is a happy camper now that I've finally eaten at Rocco's.
Not only do they have the pizza down, they carry WISE potato chips, Onion & Garlic to be exact AND Italian Ices.
So if you want an AUTHENTIC NY style, upper palate burning, 'SLICE' this is your place.
Now if I could only get ALL my loved ones to move to this side of the country I'd never have to go back!

Best pizza in Vegas, hands down.
Gets busy on Friday nights, so plan accordingly if you are going to pick up a pie.

I have to say it is one of the best places in town.
I live in Henderson and drive to Rocco's at least once a month.
I just wish they had one in Henderson - hint, hint, hint

This place is definitely the best NY style pizza outside of New York!
I have always heard that its the water from the different regions that give food their authenticity, but unless Rocco's gets their water supply imported from the east coast, they have proven that fact wrong!
They have pizza served by the slice which I have learned while my stays in New York, the less toppings, the better because it's just that good!
Their riceballs with meatsauce is my favorite dish there which I like to get with extra sauce.
And for dessert, a must have is their chocolate chip cannolis.
YUM!

Coming from someone who grew up on the East Coast and then spend ten years in Los Angeles (a.k.a.
Pizza Jail), Rocco's is indeed the real deal for authentic New York-style pizza.
I haven't eaten at a ton of pizza places in town, mostly because after I tried Rocco's, I keep coming back.
Pepperoni and mushrooms with extra cheese, please.

You want some great east coast pizza, the kind that you slightly bend to keep from folding downward at the tip of the slice?
This is definitely a nice neighborhood joint for some good pizza.
They sell it by the slice or whole pie and offer more than just pizza.
From appetizers like garlic knots to lasagna, they have some good italian cuisine.
They even have a fridge near the entrance with ready made lasagna and sauces for you to take home.
They even make gelato and sorbet!
I ordered a pepperoni pizza to go and when I picked it up it was piping hot!
I had to have a slice in the car and it was yummy.
Nice, salty pepperoni and that grease that some people dab off on the cheese--yum yum yum!
It was good and well priced.
I haven't tried their other dishes, but there were lots of people sitting in their dining area eating pizza pockets and lasagna, so I'm assuming it's really good.
People have very different opinions about pizza, so you may not be the one to like greasy, thin crust, NY style pizza, but if you are give this place a try.
PS: they also sell fresh pizza dough.
just ask if you need some for a recipe of your own.

Gotta jump on the band wagon here and add that I've been mired in a search for good Zah here in the middle if the desert and finding Rocco's was purely accidental but oh so fortunate.
It was late, I was hungry... BK, no.
Agave, no,  Island,  naw... Pizza!
What's this Rocco's place?
Expecting the typical bland sauce, lame dough, flat, almost stale... You know what I mean?
It's been so long since I've had good pie that I'm not sure if there is good pie or is the genre just bad like a foreign food you're not prepared to munch on like seal blubber.
Was I destined to never find the kind pie?
The slice at Rocco's exceeded my f bombing expectations.
I was alive again.
It was like taking that first desperate breath after getting clobbered by a huge wave and being held under water too long.
When I bit into the pepperoni slice I almost crashed my car backing out of the spot.
I was lost in the tang, spice, texture, of it all.
It was like nothing else mattered in the world except to savor that first bite.
Eyes closed, chewing, hot, chewy, spicy, perfect crust, garlic, red pepper flakes, salty...thank goodness I came to before kissing bumpers with the car behind me.
Man!
Making myself hungry for a slice from Rocco's

Okay!
So I'm back.
Need to gettah life, I know.
"Can't find anyplace else to eat?
"  Nope.
I came back to see if they got lucky with the last pie or is this place the actual Bomb.
So's ay sitz down and ordah a ceasar right?
Add a slice of their White and Tomato Mozzarella.
The salad comes out fast and GET DAH F BOMB OUTAH HEAH...
It's the BEST ceasar salad evah!
Good portion, cold perfectly sized romaine lettuce, and the sauce; THE SAUCE creates another eye closing, nothing else matters in the world moment.
Wow!
...
Sorry, had to wipe the drool from my chin.
How embarassing!
The kid next to me is staring.
You can't be held responsible for what you do under this food induced, tantric based, transcendentalist food coma you will have no control over.
When you recover, if anyone is staring at you, just apologize and hope you didn't drool too much.
Great food and highly recommended!
Oh, the people thar work here are gracious and humble.
Still lovin' Rocco's NY slice.
Was not a fluke.
Keep up the good work.

Writing this review makes me want to order some pizza for dinner only because it's Rocco's.
Heads up to everyone reading my reviews for pizza-I am not a huge pizza fan.
It happens once, maybe twice, a year where I say "hey let's get pizza.
" Also, I must admit my pizza past is based on pizza huts, round tables, and the Nor Cal classic, Pizza My Heart.
Does anyone in Vegas even know what Pizza My Heart is?
Pizza by the slice or by the pie, along with sandwiches, salads, etc make this like more of a cafe than a pizzeria, but other than attempting to categorize this spot I swear I will write a food review!
The slices I have had from Rocco's are excellent.
They would be my first choice for ordering a whole pie also.
The crust is thinner, NY style, which I prefer over a deep dish any day of the week.
The sauce was good, not overly spiced with "Italian herbs," and the amount was good.
I don't like overly saucy pizza, I'm saucy enough usually :)  The toppings are well portioned, I can enjoy eating a  non messy pizza without it falling apart.
The quality of the ingredients here are a step above other pizza spots also.
I would like to go back and try some of the ices.

I love a simple slice of pepperoni pizza and this was so good!
Should have bought another.

Rocco's is the best pizza spot around, so 5 stars.
PS...Their delicious sandwiches (prosciutto, salami, veggies, fresh bread) are some of the best deli sandwiches I have had!

Normally I'm sure Rocco's would get more stars and we'd get better service & pizza.
However, the Mosley VS Mayweather fight was on and that had every employee's undivided attention.
They didn't have too many varieties of pizza at 8pm on a Friday so we tried a coule of plain slices and the Sicilian pie.
The pizza was good, not my first choice of toppings but it was good and I could see us normally giving a more positive review.
More than likely we'll give it another shot before we head into the Red Rock again and hopefully a big fight won't be happening so we can get as much attention as the TV does.

One thing about pizzerias.
Never order by the slice.
There, I've said it so let's get this review over with.
This review refers to a WHOLE pizza - not by the slice.
By the slice - who knows how long that piece has been sitting there?
I really don't care to know.
We are regulars at Rocco's because of a couple of things - 1) the sauce has the correct ratio of herbs/spices and acidic qualities that enhance the toppings, 2) they use some kick-ass sausage, 3) the crust - yeast goodness although when you order "The Works" pizza like we normally do - the crust does tend to get a little soggy from all the veggie toppings.
So, overall, toppings and sauce are outstanding.
Dinged one star because the crust can be a might too soggy from the toppings.

Went to Rocco's last night to get my "The Everything" fix (a totally loaded deluxe pizza).
And it was soooo good.
Crisp bottom, yeasty crust, and terrific toppings.
Out of curiosity, I asked the manager about the other Rocco's deli on Buffalo.
She told me that Rocco sold that location and moved his business over to W. Charleston location.
So the real Rocco is in the house here, folks!
Also, she told me they are currently debuting discounted daily pasta specials everyday not to mention on Monday night their  cheese pizza is $9.99.
Sweet!

The breadsticks were delicious!
The marinara sauce to dip them in tasted fresh.
I had a pizza with pepperoni, sausage chunks & shavings, & black olives & it was so good.
One of the best pizza's I've ever eaten.
I like how the crust is thin & crispy.
I felt full after eating one slice but I still didn't feel complete without eating something sweet so I had these square shaped breads with powdered sugar & I couldn't stop eating em'.
Tasted kinda like a donut but not as sweet.
The flavor was so addicting.
I'm feeling really satisfied right now.

Seriously, I don't know how they stay in business....I guess there are enough New Yorkers in the area to make it possible.
So we decided to order a pizza to go and was told it would take 20 minutes, ok that's reasonable.
We walked in and was told the pizza was not ready so we waited another 10 minutes, then decided to wait outside for yet another 10 minutes because it was too hot inside.
In plain view of the counter person, we noticed that a pizza box had been placed on top of the oven so we decided to walk in and inquire about it.
The counter kid snapped, "hey where were you?
" He knew very well that we were outside waiting!!
Idiot, there was nobody else in or outside but us!
Got home with the pizza....yuck.
Completely greasy and poorly made.
We used at least a half a roll of paper towels to soak up the pepperoni grease!!
Service sucks as well as the pizza.
I hope your business fails!

Those looking for a high quality and authentic NY style pizza can find it right here.
You want a fine dining experience with a wine selection?
Fuggedaboutit!
This place is about the PIE (or slices) man!
Want big discounts or coupons?
Stick with Pizza Hut or Dominos.
What to pay a few bucks more for great pizza crust that doesn't get in the way of delicious pizza sauce, fresh and authentic Italian ingredients?
This place is the BOMB!
Do yourself a favor.
The next time you want to do that occasional pizza night, pick up an ice cold pack of brew and a $15 pie at Rocco's!

Ok, so after moving to Las Vegas from Michigan, I have yet to find a good pizza place out here.
Back in Michigan, you could ALWAYS find good pizza (and coney dogs... but thats for another post!
)  That is until Rocco's.
Now I wouldn't say Rocco's is my favorite pizza ever, HOWEVER, in Las Vegas- its my favorite.
(Besides a good & cheap Hot 'N Ready from Little Caesar's... which is owned by people in Michigan... go figure!
)  When you call, its like you are calling the Bronx or Brooklyn with "whadddddya want?
"  You know this place is legit.
Their sauce is "sweeter" than a typical sauce and not too acidic.
Their crust is great and toppings are too.
Garlic knots are pretty good too.
In fact, we JUST called and ordered a pizza as I am writing this and they asked "you want some dinna?
" and my husband said "um what?
" and he said "you know, some dinna... stuffed shells, vodka sauce, i can make you some, whadddya want with your pizza?
" and my husband still not sure what is going on, says we will stick with the pizza.
"ok boss, see you in 20".
So excited for some pizza!
They have a location in North Las Vegas too which is the same pizza and great!

Finally stopped here tonight for dinner after seeing online that they offer Sicilian pizza by the slice.
I arrived to find that they only had one slice remaining, so I snatched it up and left my girlfriend to try their regular NY slice.
I gotta say I liked hers better.
The Sicilian had a great consistency, but it lacked in flavor.
Maybe it needed more sauce, more cheese, a topping... SOMETHING!
Or maybe I just came too late in the day and it just wasn't fresh.
But still, it's the first place I've found in Vegas that has Sicilian by the slice, so I'll be back to try it again.

Ordered from there last night!
Pizza is great and we also got the caesar salad.
Good salad, but next time I will ask for the dressing on the side, as it comes directly on the salad (even for carry out).
The "white" pizza looks DELICIOUS, so I will definitely have to get that next time!

Great food.
If you can't eat a child whole I would not recommend getting anything large from there it's massive, but tastes amazing.
The subs both hot and cold are great.
My personal favorites are the Italian and the Chicken Parmesan they have a taste and smell that just gets you nose and tongue in a frenzy.
The staff is great too they are always really nice, not sure why they have a card that reads "If you have any complaints or concerns".
The reason I give it four stars is this its small and sometime there is no place to sit but other than that a great place to be.

I'm from the East Coast....we know pizza....this is LEGIT NY PIZZA!
Don't believe me....try it....oooh and while your there grab some WISE chips and TASTY KAKES!
yup!
Large cheese did the 4 of us just right!
Rocco's was good to me.

Rocco's is our go to place for NY-style pizza and for good reason.
Not only is it super close to home, but more importantly, they use some terrific toppings.
Their sausage, in particular, is the bomb.
The sauce is excellent and exhibits a winning blend of acidity, herbs, and spices.
The crust, while very good, is not the best that we've had and does tend to get soggy after awhile from all the delicious toppings.
We usually get a large (18 inch) "Everything" pizza to go, but their sausage and peppers sub is mighty tasty as well.
The price ($18) is on the higher side, but we don't mind shelling out a little extra for this kind of quality.
Call ahead and your pie will be ready for pickup in about 15-20 minutes.

We love this place, get pizza from here at least once a month.
The sausage, onion, and pepper stromboli is a household favorite and I love the zeppolis, which you cannot get just anywhere.
Lately we've been trying the frozen dinners, which are excellent as well.
They will work with you on prices for catering large groups.

I love the main guy who works here.
Everyone is nice but he makes my daughters day.
It is by far the kids choice for pizza.
You can get a slice which is great in a pinch.
The zeppoles are a crowd please at work.

I walked in a bit inebriated.
So my ordering was a bit off, but the guy behind the counter was chill about it.
Didn't get nervous with the length of time or my lack of knowledge of the place.
I ordered two slices one with just cheese and one with pep and sausage.
Another big plus for me about this place was that they serve Coke products for their fountain drinks which is a big plus for me since I don't touch Pepsi.
I sat down and they brought me my slices, and the first thing I noticed was the size of the slices which are rather large.
Next thing I noticed was the crispiness of the crust which I prefer.
What this place I believe is trying to accomplish is having a pizza place in your neighborhood like they have back east.
Every neighborhood has one.
They are not trying to change the game with their pizza just give you what they enjoyed back home, and I think they are doing a stand up job at it.

Genuine NY thin crust pizza sold by the slice

Great food, great prices, but the shop is a little cramped, even for a pizza joint.
The food is worth it tho!

Rocco's has great pizza, and they are FAST with their takeout.
My pizza order by phone is always ready in 15-20 minutes.
The "small" pizza is actually quite big and a good deal for $9.99 - they have a Monday night takeout special on their large pizza that is an even better deal.
The crust is a wee bit thicker than real New York pizza, but the cheese and sauce have amazing flavor.
I am glad I gave this place a try because this is my new pizza place!

A Pizza place that DOESNT deliver.
false advertisement.
enough said

I've had this Pizza joint on my radar for a long time.
I'm always in the neighborhood, so I don't know why it took me this long to finally try this place.....well, the Pizza Bender Tour 2011 Edition finally brought us together.
I was hoping to get 2 Slices of Sausage Pizza, but they didn't have any so I settled on 2 Slices of Pepperoni & Sausage Pizza.
The wait wasn't too bad and I had 2 Slices sitting in front of me in no time.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Gdv3qhsDeQzZ2Ag-Tzq6vA?select=Kd1MjIC1FEmb1NcRzu0CgA  This is NY Style Pizza folks.....it's folding time!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Gdv3qhsDeQzZ2Ag-Tzq6vA?select=Wf2-VSjEYuTk7kPcwtDlEA  The Pizza was piping hot and since I ordered it "well done", nice and crispy too!
The ingredients is top notch.....Pepperoni & Sausage were full of flavor and the Cheese was very good.
It was kind of greasy though.....so if you're averse to a little Pizza grease, be prepared to daub it with some napkins.
The 2 Slices ran around $7 or so and was worth it.
Very satisfying.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Gdv3qhsDeQzZ2Ag-Tzq6vA?select=GveEMS_F2IHPBy7rkRu3zA  Return Factor - 90%......there are so many other menu items I want to try!

This was good pizza - large slices for a reasonable price.
They even throw your slices back in the oven to assure they are hot, rather than leaving them to get hard under a heat lamp.
I will be back again.

*****Dinner Special - $9.99*****  Not sure if it's limited time, but all dinners are 9.99.
Some are normally up to 14.99.
I don't consider myself too asian, but the asian in me came out by quickly scanning the menu for the best value (which means finding the most expensive item - hehe)  Forget what i was in the mood for....find the most expensive items and then choose from there.
For 10 bucks you can't complain.
I would have easily paid the 5 bucks more and been happy but I'll continue to go back for their affordable dinner specials.
In addition to the dinners, we got a couple pizza slices - all excellent.
The crust was perfect with nice combo texture of crispness and chewiness.
they were also sampling this dessert called zeppoles, which tasted like beignets, fried pizza dough with powdered sugar.
if i wasnt planning on going back, the 12 yr old side in me would have bolted out the door  with the tray.

Ahh, a glorious, treasured saturday afternoon off had me craving a slice and a soda.
With the top down, beautiful 70 degree weather in March, went to Roccos, mentally tasting what i was gonna order.
When we got there, a line quickly developed, who knew that at 2 pm everyone else in Summerlin had the same idea?
The very friendly 2-person staff was kept quite busy.
We each ordered a 2-slice combo with a drink, pepperoni and sausage.
While we waited, I added the cucumber tomato salad with gooey balls of italian mozzarella for myself.
What the heck, i knew i wouldn't be hungry for dinner later.
The salad was luscious, and drenched with a homemade dressing that was just enough tang, but not too much to wilt the crunch of the veggies.
The meal was delivered outside where we sat in the sun.
Perfect, right?
Perfect for me, but my date took one look at it and exclaimed, I can't eat that, it's full of grease and I'll be sick for a week if I do.
Crestfallen, but still hungry, I suggested returning it to be made with less oil (and more ala pizza hut style,  which means yuckky to me).
He said no, and sat there, bemoaning the money that I SPENT not him on the meal.
I suggested that he try the Aloha Hawaiian bbq next door.
He said no way.
So...I ate with or without him.
Glory behold, he decided to try the pizza, and remarked, this is actually really good!
Yey, total conversion.
No sickness, and he even said "I'd like to try this place again!
"  I'm told by another casual diner at Roccos that they import their mozzarella, and make their own sausage.
I believe it.
The pizza crust was slightly crunchy and perfect.
In summary, when I have a craving for the perfect day out with a simple slice, i'll return to Roccos, and maybe just have a solo experience!

I discovered this pizza place 7 years ago and still crave it all the time!
I wanted to go here for my birthday one year but my hubby to me to CUT instead and I cried-that is how good I think this place is!
The white pizza is the greatest thing on the planet as well as the cheese calzone.
Hubby like the pepperoni pizza b/c the peps' have a just a hint of spice to them.
Always love the zepoli's at the counter-love dessert before dinner :)  They also have started stocking foods like an Italian grocery store.
Tomatoes, pastas..etc.

Found this place thanks to Yelp on a trip to Vegas and it did not disappoint!
The pizza was perfectly crispy and not over-sauced.
I also enjoyed the little fried pieces of dough with powdered sugar that were sitting on the counter -- yum.

This location got it all right.
length-sliced sausage links.
Super thin crust.
Just overall great pizza.
For first timers there,Try 2 slices w/ sausage.You'll be hooked!

WOW!
The eggpplant pizza here is AMAZING!
I usually get the pepperoni but after I tried the eggplant, WOW!
I felt like I was in heaven eating it.

One of the better pizzas I've had in my life.
You can tell the owner takes pride in his food.
The crusts are crispy, but not burned which a lot of places tend to do.
Their Italian sausage is homemade, which is another plus.
It's not frozen mystery meat.
Prices are fantastic considering these are authentic new york style.
If you're a first timer, I would try the peperoni sausage.
One downside to this pizza is that it requires the dreaded napkin grease blot.
The pizza was very very oily, but I guess that's what you get for ordering the peperoni and sausage.
Needless to say it was awesomeeeeeee.
As the great governator always says, "I'll be back.

This is the best pizza in town.
I like the white pizza.
They also have sample pastries while you wait.
Best part is that Cherry on Top frozen yogurt right there for dessert!

Decided to check out this place before the long drive back to Cali.. After a busy weekend of participating in a wedding, having some Vegas fun, and spending money on a lot of overpriced Vegas stuff..
I mean $15 for a 2 mile cab ride.. Vegas is trying to recover from the depression the wrong way, but I degress.. We were not disappointed choosing this place..
The place is in a typical strip mall nothing special but when you walk in you instantly feel like being in NY (at least if you ever lived in NY and know the feeling)with the way the place looked, to the NY pizza smell to the NY attitude from the owner.. We ordered a large pie and a couple of sodas, perfect meal after a long night in Vegas..
The pie took me back to NY..
Thin crust, crispy, big floppy foldable slices..
The cheese was high quality as well as the pepperoni..
The place is small and quaint with a small dinning area in the back that is decorated with old Italian family pics and other NY themed items..
The whole meal cost $20 which to me was awesome as I get the feeling Vegas # 1 goal is to suck the money out of you on all levels not just gambling..
I mean $15 for a 2 mile cab ride, you get my point...
This is definitely a go to place and we plan on going back again when we visit the next time...
If you are tired of days spent paying too much for too little or even if you want a great pizza at a very reasonable price I highly recommend Rocco's..
Some of the best pizza I have ever had..

Now perhaps I chose the wrong time to eat at Rocco's.
The place was overloaded with high school kids for lunch, the staff was unfriendly and the food I ordered tasted like left over's that had been warmed up.
The crust was so hard that my pizza cracked in half.
The confusion on who was in line and when my food was going to be done was also another down side.
On the plus side the staff did a good job of wiping down tables and keeping it clean.

Like buying a slice on any street in New York, and Rocco's has great canolli to boot...Calzone's good as well.
Can't as for more.
For me, finding good pizza anywhere outside of New York City is a plus.

I admit it...
I dream about pizza.
Warm, cheesy, folded in half on a paper plate, dripping with orange oil.
I love NY pizza and this little place has the best I've had in LV.
When I want my 10-year old stepson to clean his room, I offer him pizza at Rocco's, and sure enough, the room is clean.
The slices are so big, I can usually just order 1 and be content.
I enjoy & can appreciate the authenticity of Settebello in Henderson, but this is NY pizza at its purest.

If anyone loves the way the pizza taste in New York, then you will love this place.
Ever since I took a vacation to New York and had their pizza I've been trying to find a place down here that compares to it.
And although this is still not New York pizza it comes pretty damn close.
I've actually stopped looking and this is now the only place I will get pizza in Las Vegas.
Excellent place and the people there are very friendly.

Like others have said, "some of the best pizza around.
" I concur.
Glad this place is just around the corner from the house.

I'm another one of those former New Yorkers looking for a good pizza.
I got a kick out of the reviewer who was worried about the saturated fats he may have consumed.
Come on, this is suppose to be a NY style pizza joint, there are no worries about saturated fat when you come here.
If you are worried about that then stop by the Go Raw Cafe or the Red Velvet Cafe.
I wanted to get a taste of their freshly made pizzas so we ordered a sausage, green peppers & onions pizza (versus picking slices that get warmed up in the oven after ordering).
The ingredients were fresh and were served in ample portions.
The crust was one of the best I have had here in Las Vegas.
My only complaint is that there was not enough sauce on the pizza.
The pizza came quickly, the employees were friendly and helpful.
I felt the price was reasonable for the quality.
I will be going back for more.
I would avoid this place at busy times due to the cramped area the tables are placed in.

This place is my favorite place to get pizza in Las Vegas.
My friends and I have been ordering from here for years!
We will actually drive the 20 minutes from home to pick it up because it's that worth it.
It's the best NY style pizza outside of NY and the Garlic Knots are to die for!
It's a must if you're a local or staying at Red Rock Casino.

I stopped by Rocco's on my way home from school and I ordered a pepperoni and sausage to go.
My passenger side seat was coated in a light layer of grease by the time I made the 5 min drive home.Uh oh.
The bag was soaking in oil.
Uh oh.
Anyways, I proceeded to eat the pizza.
Uh oh.
I ate it, but it didn't sit too well in my tummy.
I chased it with a coke to settle my stomach a bit but otherwise the pizza was decent.
Very greasy, and I think it had been sitting out for a bit too long.
And you might wanna ask the guy to leave your slice in there for a bit so it's nice and hot.
It looked like a cool place to eat, but I think I'll be sticking to other pizza places.

Very good pizza very reasonable price, crust was a bit hard, but I wish they delivered.

I'm originally from NY and a pizza freak.
On my annual visit back to NY I think I eat pizza for 80% of my meals.
Pizza is thin, typical NY pizza, maybe a little too thin though.
It's also insanely greasy, too much for the dreaded napkin dab, you'll need a few.
The service is typical NY service, short, not so sweet and far from friendly.
I guess they're really trying to give you the NY experience.
Price is decent, but not far down the street in Boca Park is East Side Pizza.
Far better IMO, and the same price.

Fantastic pizza.
They sell their own dough, so that's a plus!
Great NY feel and service is always great with plenty of seating along the aisle, back and outside.
Love the samples near the register as well.

I can pretty much sum up the place by saying this is a 4 stars pizza-slice joint with 3 stars service.
The guys making the pizzas are pretty intimidating but that's what makes it "Da Bronx.
"  It's also pretty annoying to pay 50 cents for extra cup of marinara sauce.
If I had a choice, I would go always go to the other Rocco's on Buffalo and Charleston.
But sometimes I like a little attitude with my pizza so I put up with this one.

Remaining fair and honest, when reviewing eating establishments throughout the valley, will inevitably bring you to one of those moments like I am experiencing right now.
I do honestly like Rocco's NY Pizzeria, their pizza is good and their pasta is as well, but I must honestly admit that the authentic New York ambiance of Rocco's, with it's decidedly acerbic nature, is the biggest draw for me.
Being a native of the Midwest, I will forever remain unaccustomed to rude and impatient New Yorkers - but I love that.
Taking this into account, I am inclined to look favorably on any establishment where I can experience a little east coast attitude.
Often times it will play a role in my overall rating of an eatery, as it did in my first review of Rocco's.
Since my initial visit, I have returned a few more times to sample the various wares.
It was after these visits that I began to form the theory above, as I realized that the food is not great, but in fact, just good.
On my most recent visit I ordered the rigatoni with sausage, mushrooms and what was supposed to be hot cherry peppers.
What I got was a sloppily presented carton of rigatoni with the sausage, mushrooms and peppers decidedly bunched together in one large clump - oh, and with jalapenos, not cherry peppers.
The sauce was okay, but not extraordinary and certainly not enough to distract from the presentation.
Don't get me wrong, I understand that Rocco's focus is more toward convenience than elegance, but I can never excuse sloppiness in presentation.
It doesn't need frills, but a little dried Italian herb sprinkling with some parmesan would at least make the meal look appetizing.
Rocco's offers typical, convenient and good Italian dishes that you would expect from a New York Style deli, but that's only going to get them a 3 star rating.

Rocco's is my spot!
When it comes down to pizza they make one of the best tasting pizzas in town.
My family has been going here for years now and we've never been disappointed.
Trust me and get a Ham & Mushroom pizza, and some of the spicy chicken tenders, and don't get me started on the Canolis, hands down best canolis in town!
Their sandwiches are also good, try the Eggplant Parmesean Sandwhich, you'll love it.
Seems like Rocco's NY Pizzeria brought a little piece of NY to Vegas with them.
Prices are reasonable, and they're fast, even on a football sunday or monday you can get your pizza in about 20 min.
Dont think they have delivery but that's not bad when thee food tastes this good.
I could go on but if you're like me you don't wanna read an essay and just want to know if the food is good.
so go to Rocco's now!

Oh, you serve the holy grail of pizza, and you serve it so well...NY Style, by the slice.
You also serve it just like back home (which for me, is Scranton, Buffalo, Philly, and occasional trips to NYC).
This is nothing like the imitators I keep running into in Dallas, TX.
The walk up glass counter, lots of Italian products and stuff in the freezer...if you're feeling like no one understands you, go to Rocco's and get that slice.
The funny thing for me was it seems that there must be a prep or private school nearby, that lets out around 3:00 or so and all the moms pick up their kids, and make a pit stop at Rocco's to fill some hungry boy bellies.
I wouldn't have minded an after school snack like that on a regular basis.

Oh, you serve the holy grail of pizza, and you serve it so well...NY Style, by the slice.
You also serve it just like back home (which for me, is Scranton, Buffalo, Philly, and occasional trips to NYC).
This is nothing like the imitators I keep running into in Dallas, TX.
The walk up glass counter, lots of Italian products and stuff in the freezer...if you're feeling like no one understands you, go to Rocco's and get that slice.
The funny thing for me was it seems that there must be a prep or private school nearby, that lets out around 3:00 or so and all the moms pick up their kids, and make a pit stop at Rocco's to fill some hungry boy bellies.
I wouldn't have minded an after school snack like that on a regular basis.

I LOVE Rocco's!!
After living in Vegas for 3 years (from NJ), I'm glad I found Rocco's NY Pizzeria.
I must admit, there's tons of places in NY & NJ that make a wayy better slice, but for Vegas, this is the best.
I hate that there's so many pizzarias in town that claim to be NY pizza (i.e.
Joe's New York Pizza) and it's nothing like an east coast pizza at all.
Rocco's is the only place I've been to out here that tastes anything like an east coast pizza and trust me, I know..
I've been eating pizza from North NJ and NYC for 23 years.
Anyways, my favorite from Rocco's is the white pizza and pepperoni with sausage.
YUM.
I tried one of their sandwiches before but it wasn't that great.
Normally places that have good pizza have bad everything else.
So I just stick to the pizza when I go there.
I also love that they have Wise chips there since they don't carry them in many Vegas grocery stores.
They also have a little italian ice stand in the summer which is nice.
Their italian ice is super yummy as well!

Good pizza!
Price is a little high for a pie!

I absolutely love this pizza place!
I was born in NY, But I am more Vegas I suppose, because I moved here when I was 7, BUT my whole family is from NY and most of them still live there.
I have been back many times to visit, so I have had the real thing.
I have tried a lot of NY pizza places here in Vegas, and some of my family might disagree (there is a NY pizza place they are committed to) but so far this is the winner for me.
The pizza is amazing and just like NY should be.
Fresh and delicious.
They have the best chicken fingers out of any other place I have been to.
I just love them.
I have also had the chicken Caesar salad and was very pleased with that as well.
Thank God this place is near the house, because unfortunately, they don't' deliver.
Couldn't ask for better NY style pizza.

Had them cater my daughters birthday.
And everyone was raving about the food!
Everything was delicious!

I feel like I'm back home in Queens whenever I eat here.
Great pizza.

I am lactose-intolerant.
I also miss having pizza and cheese and lasagna.
My husband has sacrificed his pizza eating ways for me, because he knows that I can't have any and that it's just not a good idea to eat a whole pizza solo.
I was craving pizza and knew that suggestion would make him happy, so I decided to check yelp and found all these lovely reviews for Rocco's.
We went there last night and got a slice of the works and a slice of the pepperoni/sausage.
The interior is small, with a few tables and visible attempts at making the place look like a NYC local neighbourhood pizza joint (B&W pictures from years gone by, faux brick on the walls, etc.).
The food?
We should have ordered a whole pizza!
Nice thin crispy crust, flavourful tangy tomato sauce, and the cheese!
So good, so stringy and melty.
Good thing I ingested my lactose pills!
(I come prepared.
)  4* for now until the next visit.
I'll have to try their garlic knots and check out the AYCE deal.

As a born and "bread" New Yorker, my blood runs thick on the traditional NY pizza sold by the slice.
While I can't  really comment on what makes a Chicago deep dish dish earn its stripes, Rocco's is well within my EastCoast pizza wheelhouse, and remains a local real deal favorite.Here's why;  Oregano, garlic salt and red pepper shakers on the table.
A slice that shows its tell-tale authenticity by the orange grease(a perfect co-mingling of marinara and mozz) that runs down the center when you fold it in half.
Thin, crispy crust, balanced sauce, heaven on a paper plate.
My Bronx-born parents even gave it a thumbs up.
Trust, they would have no qualms going "Joe Pesci" on me if I took them for bad Pizza.
In the summer Rocco's does Italian ices, their arancini and stromboli will not disappoint either.
Bravisima!

Perfect Bronx Pizza.
Thin, crisp, cheesy!
$3.50/slice for anything more than cheese-only.
Loved the sausage/pepp.
Mouthwateringly amazing.
I'll be back, fo sho!

After living in NYC for 15 years, then living in LA's pizza-wasteland for 8 years, I was fairly hurtin' for some good pizza again by the time I moved to Las Vegas.
On my first venture, I luckily tried Rocco's and it immediately brought back memories of an excellent slice of New York pizza; the kind you can get on every other block in NY, and is barely anywhere to be had in Los Angeles.
Large, cheesy slices that are best eaten folded; the sauce is nicely seasoned and not too sweet; and most importantly, the crust is just the right thickness with an excellent bite.
The shop is not fancy at all, but has a decent seating area in the back.
Walking in, the store feels pretty much like a typical NY pizza joint, which I love.
I haven't tried anything other than their pizza but I will eventually.
I'm looking forward to checking out Grimaldi's at Boca Park for more of a nice, sit-down pizza dinner, but Rocco's is definitely my pizza joint.

Ever have one of those nights where you walk into a place that looks like it's either closed or no good and be totally surprised?
That was my experience at Rocco's.
This place really looks like a hole in a strip mall.
The busy dining space is hard to see when you walk in.
You will slowly take in all this place has to offer (a freezer filled with gelatio, ice cream, sauces, desserts; stacks of pasta and canned Italian goods; an amazing menu of pizza, pasta and more.
I got their calzone-like item.
It was filled with broccoli and very yummy with their Marinara; though I wanted more cheese and garlic in it!
Can't wait to try more here!

Be prepared to spend a lengthy amount of time WAITING for your food here!
I've been here twice and I had to wait a while both times.
First time it was 20 minutes.
Second time it was 50 minutes!
First time: I was grabbing food from L &L next door and my wife wanted pizza.
So she goes in and orders two slices of white pizza and the zappoles fried donut powdered sugar things.
We waited over 20 minutes for her order.
There is no place to wait for your order in the front.
It is like trying to smash 20 people into a refrigerator box.
The owners really need to rethink the shelves full of groceries lining the front counter.
There is NO ROOM.
Especially when it is crowded.
The white pizza was good, the zeppoleswere AMAZING!
A whole brown bag full for under $5.
Not bad.
Second time: We ordered a white pizza and a meatball pizza TO GO.
They said it would be ready in 20 minutes.
Well, I arrived 20 minutes later and waited another 50 minutes for my pizza to be made.
Apparently the guy making the pizza mistook it for a meatball sandwich and didn't make it until 30 minutes in.
While my white pizza stood in a box on top the oven for 30 minutes to cool down.
No real apology from the guy at the register either after they realized.
When I finally got my pizza and left, the meatball pizza was UNDERCOOKED / Doughy and the white pizza was COLD.
Big FAIL!
Imagine having to stand in a long, thin corridor with other people waiting for their orders like me and others trying to order and make it to the back of the dining room.
GET RID OF THOSE GROCERY SHELVES PLEASE!
There needs to be more room, it's almost like a fire hazard.
People were tripping over each other and myself and my very patient son.
My impression of Rocco's was that that it was a stand-only-waiting-room-of-semi-organized-chaos-in-crowded-hell.
I'd rather have Dominoes, Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, Costco Pizza, Round Table Pizza, Saborros Pizza or even Mark Riches Pizza.
At least they have their shtuff together and you get what you order in a timely manner.

Best pizza in town bar none.
Entrees very good as well.
There's nothing like New York and New York pizza, and this place embodies both.
Round Table, Grimaldi's, DiCarlo's, Metro Pizza?
Fuhgeddaboutit!
Rocco's trumps them all in Vegas!

I'm an east coaster and pizza snob.
This is one of two places I'll eat pizza from.
And, like any good east coast pizzaria, I find that ordering a "slice" taste better there than the pies taken home.
I find them bigger and just better.
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the pasta dishes aren't as great as jersey/ new York and the sandwiches are good but not as great as the delis back east.
Overall, my favorite pizza if I can't make it back east.l

This is my family's all time favorite pizza place!
The pizza is always exactly what I order.
It's a bummer that they don' deliver, but the zeppole by the register make it worth the trek.
The staff my not be friendly by everyones standards, more straight to the point, but that's totally fine with me.
Let me get my pizza and go!

A very small tucked away little pizza shop, family owned and run like a NY pizzeria.
One of my favorite pizza places in Vegas.
Expect it to be busy at times and to have to wait.
Try the Zeppolis!
:-)

Best Thin Crust Cheese Pizza since I left Yonkers, N.Y. in 1956.
Awesome Cannolli for dessert.
Very personable management and staff.
Will definitely return on my next trip to Las Vegas.

I've never been to New York but my husband is a true New Yorker  from Brooklyn and everytime I come to Visit the family here in Las Vegas  and my  husband we always hit this spot because it is so good and I dont know New York pie but he does and my trip is never complete until I hit this pizzeria before I leave town !
George has been there for a while and he always greets me like family, and my family comes here at least 3 times a month Annamarie T

This place is garbage.
Nothing more than average pizza sitting out for a few hours then reheated for too long.
They have a few locations in town and none are better than another.
Their lunch special for two slices with a drink for five bucks would be worth it if the pizza tasted better.

Best pizza in Vegas!
Feels just like a NY pizza parlor.
Can be a little pricey so go on a Monday and they have a special on a large pizza.
The white pizza is a must try.
Another plus, they sell tasty cakes!

Growing up in the NYC area...
This spot, more than any other pizza joint in the valley reminds me most of home.
The thin, crispy crust is on point.
The savory tomato sauce and melty cheese are perfect.
Only thing is... Make sure the slice has cooled down enough to eat it.
I burn my mouth pretty much every time I'm here.
The pies here are "da" business!

Best pizza in the city.
Not close to the strip--out in Summerlin, across the street from Red Rock.
But this is real NY style pizza.

So the owner is a great guy but it's to bad your staff is rude when your not there.

After seeing a movie at Red Rock Regal Cinemas last night, the casino was packed, so my pal and I headed across the street to Rocco's for dinner.
Always a reliable place for food, I ordered a rice ball and a small order of garlic knots (6).
There was a line of people waiting for their to-go orders, but we were able to snag seats at a table even though it's not a huge place and it was Friday night.
The rice ball was big enough that it was cut into four pieces.
Served with marinara sauce on the side, it was very good, and combined with the garlic knots, I had leftovers to take home that I'm re-heating as I sit here typing this review.
Customer service is friendly and prompt.
The only thing that struck me as funny (weird, not funny ha-ha) was that every time an order was ready for seated customers, the food server would come out of the kitchen door and go table to table trying to find the owners of the food, "Salad?
" "Uh, no.
"  "Pizza?
"  "Uh, no.
"  Maybe they should give customers those numbers on a stand so the poor kid doesn't have to stop at each table and see who the food belongs to?
Just sayin'.
My leftovers are ready to eat--ciao for now!

I've had better pizza at Pizza Hut.
I won't be going back.

Best Cheese Pizza in Vegas.
Crispy crust, over sized slices.
Nothing further to say.

The best in town!!!!!
Try the new Rocco's on 6870 South Rainbow.
loving it!!!!!!!!

I always get my pizza and rice balls TOGo !
There food is so good !!
Yummy - luv t rice balls !

easily one of the best pizza places anywhere, the family is from Brooklyn, New York and they know what they are doing.
Next time you are in Las Vegas take a trip off strip and go to Rocco's...west charleston location or out in Summerlin...try the fried rice balls and the garlic knots!

Very good white pizza;   good bakery dessert items.
First time trying the place.

Can't beat the pizza!
Darn good and you can buy by the slice to mix it up.

I don't give five stars very often or I would here!
The only bad thing to say is the dining room leaves a little to be desired and it was 60 degrees lol.
Brrrrrrr.... That being said.
The pizza and Zeppoles were Delish!!!!
It's good ole New York style pizza.
Huge pieces, thin crust, greasy, cheesey deliciousness.
Don't be put off that the pizza's are on the counter when you walk in - they throw them in the oven when you order and when you get it - it's piping hot and taste fresh and delicious.
Been there twice and it's yummy every time.
And p.s.
if you order the Zeppoles - they will say it's two dozen but they will put like 50 in the bag so be ready to chow down!
:)  Oh and price wise - 3 pieces of pizza an order of Zeppoles and 3 drinks was like $20.
Cheap and delish

Great strombolis!
Nice place to stop and get a slice as well.
Reasonably priced and great service.
The place is small, but offers a friendly atmosphere.
A family favorite,

Their pizza is decent, but their service is TERRIBLE!
The guys that work here are the most rude food service people that I have come across.
I won't go back only because of their service!

We LOVE Rocco's Pizza and I ate here almost weekly during my pregnancy.
It was only fitting that we got them to cater our baby shower; and they did the most amazing job ever!!!
We ordered the following: Chicken Piccata: Amazing!
Many guests went back for 3rds :) Chicken Parmesan: Perfect!
My favorite!
Penne Vodka: Great!
We actually ran out (not because we didn't have enough...just that it was soooo good) Spaghetti and Meatballs: A classic and perfect for our party!
Garlic Knots and Marinara: AWESOME!!!
Our guests were gracious enough to leave a few for us to enjoy :)  Overall it was a great experience and I would definitely cater from them again.
The prices were VERY reasonable (we fed 40+ people for about $5 each and still had some left overs--YUMMY!!!!
)  Thank you Rocco's!
We love your food in your store and love it even more now that we know we can get it catered :)

Best NY style pizza in Vegas...the Chef comes with the NY voice and additude.
Love it and recomended everything on the menu

Everything is amazing here.
Best pizza in Vegas.
About the service it's perfect.
It's what I want from a good pizza place.
I don't need my ass kissed to get some pizza and chicken fingers.
Anyone giving less then 5 stars should be kicked in the mouth and not allowed to eat here ever again.

Worst pizza place in town  If Rocco isn't in the store run the other way.
Very inconsistent!
Pizza will be burned one day and the next the crust will be under cooked and soupy,  Worth ZERO stars.

One of the best pizza places in town!!

i always get the stuffed shells.
they make the best one.
the garlic knots come with it and it is real, homemade knots, you have to try it.

Pretty good pizza, just a little too greasy.
We ordered 6 garlic knots and they were literally swimming in a pool of butter.
I also ordered a salad that was 6 bucks, very small and definitely not worth the money.
The main reason I am only giving 3 stars is for the service/or lack there of.
Like many other people said, the guys working there are very rude and give off a really bad vibe.
I was not feeling the love at all!

We have been going here since they opened!!!
Love their pizza, lasagna, meatballs!!!
Would love to try other items, family over rules me.
Would go any day!!!
The staff is very friendly to every one when I go.
They may be busy, always making sure you are satisfied.
Do not have anything bad to say about Rocco's!!!!
Love their student specials and Monday cheese pizza special!!!
They do have a dining room in back, but Rocco's is more of a take out place.

Outstanding, pizza by the slice, awesome, lasagne...awesome, sub sandwiches, awesome.
Great bunch of people working there, very very good

I think I just stumbled on to something here....woopsie.
Right down the way from my work, my boss sent me over to pick up some sandwiches from Rocco's.
Not realizing what I was about to walk into I ordered philly sandwich.
As I pulled up I could already smell the Italian goodness I was about to embark.
Now I have driven by a million times and have read a few of the reviews that pop up but really I HAD NO IDEA what an amazing place this is!
As I approached the counter I could not believe the selection in front of me....and I ordered a philly.
Silly me.
I love the "by the slice" idea so you can sample a couple different styles of pizza.
There was a great selection from pizza to garlic knots...down to the little dessert complimentary by the cashier.
I told the guy I will definitely be back to do some pizza since that is their thang and that is what everyone raves about.
Contrary to the other reviews the main guy was a sweetheart.
I think people just misunderstand the NY edge.
The place was vibrantly decorated-fresh and modern with a New York feel.
Outdoor seating is available but no one was sitting out there.
The chairs and table looked metal - OUCH!
They sure are cute but I dont see myself sittin on those in the summer....this is Vegas boys.
Lol   Now for my Philly, first off their bread is baked fresh.
I ordered the regular which is the 6" but really it looked more than a 10".
It was huge.
The bread as I said was so good I could eat it alone....so fresh.
The meat with grilled onions was so flavorful.
You could actually taste that it was steak.
There was so much meat I could only eat half the sandwich.
The cheese I believe was american but didnt overpower the sandwich.
Soo so yum.
I brought the second half to the BF at the end of the day and the sandwich was just as good warmed up-I know because I had to have another bite.
I have had the turkey/provelone before that someone ordered me and that sandwich was no joke either.
BTW my boss ordered the Staten Island and its his fav out of the sandwiches.
I will be back and bring the fam...sit and actually enjoy the meal there (pizza for sure this time) and I will update my review but as of now two thumbs up for Rocco's philly steak sandwich, fresh bread and ingredients, ambiance, decor and service!!!
One big happy package!
Can't wait to get back there!

Stopped in here for a slice after shopping.
Really good pizza and the staff was extra friendly.
Fast and delicious.
Highly recommend.

Sorry but after seeing the bathroom, I will never eat here again.

I am only giving this 2 stars because I think the pizza is just okay.
It seems like every time I have been here, they have screwed something up.
The staff here are always rude and could care less if the customers are happy.
They have an antipasto salad that is nothing more than a chefs salad.
If you are looking for an antipasto, do not order it here.
You will regret it for sure.
Be sure to always check your order before leaving, it stinks to get home and have it be wrong.

It's a pizza joint.
Don't come for the decor.
But do come for the pizza.
Probably the closest thing to NY pizza in Vegas.
It's not gourmet, but it's consistently good.
I like the pizza better than Dom Demarco's (which is sometimes great and sometimes bad), but the ambiance is bad.
This isn't a date place, but it's great for a quick slice or for take-out.

Best pizza I've found in Vegas.
I call in ahead and pick it up to go.
It's always ready when I get there and I've never had any issues with service.

Great food for the price; we use Rocco's to obtain food for casual parties at home.
I love the Stromboli, lasagna, spaghetti, and the pizzas are good for mass pizza consumption in groups.
Be sure to call ahead as there is not much room to wait, and be sure to call the correct Rocco's as there are various locations.

Oh my God I love this place!!!!
White pizza is my all time favorite ... Yummy

The food, environment, and overall service was great.
The staff was very friendly and welcoming.
The place could be a little cleaner which is why only 4 stars.

Friendly service and mixed reviews on food.
Slightly overpriced for what it is, but I have mostly had their pizza, calzone, and their caprece salad.
Caprece salad is 5-stars, calzone was pretty damn good, but the pizza...even for NY Style...was very lackluster.
Anyway, nice to have the place in the neighborhood and is worthy of business to be sure.

Yes I'm going to be that only person who dislikes their pizza and food.
Ordered just cheese pizza and it was soupy and greasy on top and the dough couldn't hold the topping and it all slid off.
No flavor.
Baked ziti was pasta and ricotta cheese baked to a mess with cheese on top.
Second time here, not impressed sorry.
We are a family of chefs and caterers so we eat a lot of pizza, all kinds.
NY style is sill my favorite.
Now, my kid loves Rocco's, so go figure.
Service was good to me both times.
So, thumbs up to the staff, work on the pizza.

I really like the pizza here.
Thin crust isn't usually something I get happy over since I like a thicker crust.
The pizza here is thin and it holds the toppings well.
The flavor was really good.
I ordered extra cheese and sometimes can make the pizza soggy or hard to eat but not here.
I have to be honest though I tried the garlic knots a couple of times thinking maybe the first time they were having a off day but they just were not good to me.
They were kind of tough and overcooked.
I had no room to eat a cannoli after my meal so I bought a couple to go for later on.
They were pretty good.
If you are in the area for lunch they have some good lunch specials.
I think the cost is good for what you get here at roccos.

Best pizza in Las Vegas!
Just like in NY.
It's authentic ny pizza, they also have many sandwiches and such which I haven't tried because I always want the pizza.
Their white pizza is unreal too.

This is by far my most favoritest pizza place in all of Vegas.
If you like white pizza, you will not find a slice better than this place's white pizza.

When I go to a pizzeria anywhere I always look forward to homemade ranch!
Sadly they don't offer it here.
It's was packaged kens!
I ordered a slice of white pizza which was tasty.. And a side salad which was horrible.
Iceberg lettuce that was starting to turn bad and then the ranch just added to it being bad.
The service was friendly and the pizza good so if they offer homemade dressings and a better quality salad then I'd give them 5 stars.

Tired of the same lame sandwiches?
This place has the best sandwiches any where.
I ordered the regular Staten Island and it was huge!
Tons of meat and great bread.
You have to stop by and check it out!
You won't be disappointed.

I've been going to Rocco's for a few years now.
It reminds back when I was a kid growing up in Brooklyn.
I could munch on a whole pie myself that's how good it was.
But the past few times I went there  I was disappointed its not as good as it used to be.
Maybe they changed their ingredients or something.
I kept going back fooling myself that maybe they had an off day or something, but I guess not.
Sorry Roc but you're missing something, please fix it.
As for their customer service at first they might come off the wrong way but that is the NY swagger which I don't mind.

This is my favorite pizza place in Vegas.
It even rivals my all time favorite pizza from the east coast.
The regular pizza is phenomenal.
The sicilian pie is phenomenal.
I'd recommend getting one of each, but wait until they cool down some for the best taste and crunch.
A pepperoni and sausage pizza from Rocco's, and a lemon italian ice for after is last meal material for me.

I love the white pizza here, but we had a bad experience here!
I called in our order (I'm from Utah and always look forward to getting my white pizza fix) and we came and got it, paid and left.
They had to ring me up twice because they forgot to charge me for 2 pastas.
Then, we didn't check our order, so we got home and found they had given us a cheese pizza instead of a white pizza.
I called and let them know (nicely) that our order was incorrect and I would be back shortly to exchange.
He said "no problem.
"   When I got back to the restaurant, the same man that rang me up confronted me and told me that I had ordered cheese and it wasn't their fault.
I had several people in the car with me whn I ordered, all of whom confirmed that I had ordered correctly, and that he had not repeated my order to confirm he heard me right.
Simple misunderstanding that did not deserve a confrontation.
He then told me I'd have to wait because they had to cook me one (which is why I called ahead, silly guy!
) The other food was all cold by the time we got to finally eat it.
Simple mixup handled very unprofessionally.
We will not be back, and I will have to find a new favorite white pizza.
If you don't mind a little confrontation and uncomfortable service, the food is really good.
The penne a la vodka is to die for.

Rocco's  pizza and pasta is fabulous every time.
They even make very delicious sauces.
I order the Alfredo sauce separately because it is so good.
Great experience every time!

I'm not usually one of the posters saying "I don't get the reviews here..." but I don't get the high marks here.
We ordered the lasagne and the spaghetti and maybe that's where we went wrong, but we had to feed a variety of taste buds and those choices seemed to be the best match for everyone.
It was middle of the road pasta that no one had much to say about.
Though I did post my photos on Facebook and my friend remarked "That does *not* look good.
"  Perhaps it's merely suffering by its competition.
My brother mourned the loss of Ciao Ciao pizza each and every time he visited LV.
For me, Cugino's remains the most poignant Italian in Vegas.

Calamari tasted like nothing but maybe this is a place that you dont get that kind of food but at least I tried.
This place is a bit expensive and if people are looking for that East coast feel I think there are much better pizza spots down the street.
Service was a bit rough,  if it's that NY swagger then i guess those are the only customers in Las Vegas that going to tolerate it

I'd give it 1.5 stars.
This was a horrible experience with horrible food.
The wings were crispy and my 5 year liked the cheese pizza is about the only good thing here.
We ordered buffalo wings not enough sauce and half the bones were broken, that is always weird to me.
The cheese pizza was boring and only a kid could like it.
We also ordered calzones, both calzones were missing ingredients that we had ordered and all you could taste was the over abundance of Ricotta in the burnt calzone.
My mother had been here before and not liked it but said she would try one more time because all I wanted was some good buffalo wings and a beer.
Oh yeah they don't serve beer or wine here.
When my mom tried to order a Stromboli she was told that she could only pick from the premade old ones that were sitting out.
I was shocked but not as shocked as when we went to sit down and the kid working told us we would have to sit in the hall he was cleaning the dining room.
We tried to put together the 2 four tops to seat the 6 of us and there was no room to move, not to mention I hope nobody wanted to get by.
While we were waiting for our food the kid starts mopping the floor with an unbelievable choking smell of cleaner we had to ask for our food to go.
I'll never be back that's for sure and neither will my mother.

Cashier handles food without washing his hands; and I'm talking about direct contact with actual food, not food containers.
No place is perfect but it seemed like the guy didnt even care.
Doesn't matter how the food taste if its not clean.
Will not go back.

This is one of the best secrets of Vegas.
A bit out of the way unless you are headed out to Red Rocks, but well worth the stop.
I couldn't get over how authentic it was here.
The sauce on these pies is amazing!
The eggplant parm is one of the best I have ever had in my life, and those little beignet-like things are fluffy pillows of powdered sugar heaven.
Fast friendly service, clean tables, and good prices.
A winner all around.

Best eggplant parm sandwich EVER.
If you're going to Red Rocks, this is THE place to stop to get food.
It is a hidden oasis in a desert of crappy chain restaurants.
They really should advertise more that they are an awesome place, because we almost went to Burger King but decided to check out the pizza place first.
Close one!
The large eggplant parm is longer than my arm.
No joke.
They say it is 14", but it was much larger than that.
It'll cost ya $14.99, but HALF of the sandwich was enough for my lunch and a pre- and post- rock climbing snack.
Plus, it was one of the best things I've ever eaten.
Service is friendly.

Great place to pick up a pizza, some pasta or hot sandwiches.
Take away a star if this was actually in NY, but it's in Vegas and one of the best places around.
Enjoy!

had the manhattan sub and it was out of this word.
all fresh made to order.
staff was as nice as could be and the over all place was very well kept up .
clean tables floors and staff changed there gloves be for handling new food...i will be pack

What a freak show.
Waited for a pizza order and watched the counter guy getting his neck and cheeks rubbed by another guy who was wearing a grey coat and was obviously not working there at the time.
Another employee start laughing and a fight broke out behind the counter.
They carried the guy in the grey coat out the door and he was swearing up a storm.
The guy he punched eventually waited on me.
I don't know who owns this place but they need to know what happened and what a bunch of misfits are working there.
Great food.
Creepy employees.
Keep the recipe, get new help.
Others witnessed this crap.
Happened on Thursday around 7:30 pm.
Never again.

Love this place.
Reminds me of home everytime I walk in.
Just hate that guy who stuffs his face with the complimentary pastries and licks his fingers with every snatch.

Love Rocco's - seriously reminds me of an east coast pizzeria.
Their white pizzas are great and they have tons of delicious appetizers.
Very friendly staff for the most part, except sometimes the cashiers.
I've even ordered bulk amounts for a work event and everything was made perfectly, on time, and very affordable.

Best pizza in Vegas!
only wish the service & atmosphere matched the pizza

If I could give this place 0 stars, I would.
Both location will go out of business as it is run by dishonest and unethical people.
Would not trust how they get their supplies or what they do to the food.
Stay away.
Go to Grimaldi's, Pizza Rock, or Custom Built pizza.

First off...5 stars for the pizza taste!!!
Great pizza!!!
I just wish there was more seating inside the restaurant.

The food is great but the staff ls very slow and unprofessional.
It's sad because this place used to be tops.
There is too much competition to wait 25 minutes for a slice of pizza.

Man I wish I could agree with a lot of the reviews here..
But is be lying if I said anything I tasted from Rocco's was excellent.
Also, I tried them twice, the time being almost a year or more between visits.
Both times the quality of the food was very weak.
First visit hubby & I shared a pepperoni pizza.
I should've went to Costco and had a decent slice at a great price.
So I didn't want to return but for some reason my hubby wanted to give them another shot tonight.
So we ordered the chicken parmesan entree..
I'd give it 1.5 stars...
Previously frozen chicken, over cooked and soggy, in a very basic & mediocre tomato sauce.
And don't get me started on the penne pasta that came with it.
All but 2 noodles went in to the trash.
We also had a pizza with pep, mush, onion & garlic.
I ate 1/2 a slice.
-.- hubby said it was "ok" and our 6 year old said it was good.
To end this I did read a lot of folks saying customer  service needs improvement, and yes that is a must.
I hope this Rocco's is not related to the one on charleston & buffalo, they're great.

Sandwiches were good.
I had eggplant parm.
The eggplant was sliced thin and stacked in there.
Price is a little on the higher side for a sandwich but everything is fresh.
Will come back!

Best best best!!!
Everything a former NY Gal could ask for!!
The heroes are awesome.
The pizza is awesome.
The canolis and zeppolis are to die for!!!
If you are looking for authentic and I mean authentic NY Italian, this is it!

I always see this place packed and decided to try their pizza.
My friend and I ordered a cheese and a white pizza with a side of garlic bread.
The garlic bread was amazing.
The pizza lacked flavor.
The crust was thin but the pizza tasted like it was reheated.
The sauce could have used more zest and the cheese wasn't that great either.
The white pizza wasn't good whatsoever.
Overall, not the best pizza I had but I might go there again to try their sandwiches.
On a positive note, service was great.

Horrible customer service.
We decided to go there because of reviews online.
When we called to place an order the guy said us one price and we asked how many toppings did it include and he said if doesn't matter that it was included in that price.
When we came to pick it up around 9:30pm 04/09 another guy at the register told us much bigger price.
When I asked why it was different it was not what we discussed on the phone, he answered that he just came in and they guy who was taking an order was 17 years old boy and didn't know what he was doing.
And this guy still charges us different price than was discussed on the phone.
Never will come back.
He even didn't try to solve the problem or offer the price that was discussed.
It was on 10860 W Charleston Blvd.

Happy tummy!

Everything a restaurant should be .
Friendly service Fresh food Fast cook time, short wait Easy parking No hold time waiting to place my order Very reasonable prices, maybe a little on the cheap side  The blah .
$3 for a 2 liter bottle of Coke is a little steep, I get its convenient, but still a little high.

Ahhhhmazing pizza!
Ultra thin crust!
I love to go on Mondays because they have a large cheese pizza special for a whooping $9.99!!
So delicious!
Its best to eat there to experience the crispy crust

The reason for the one star is simply due to the attitude and service of the people that work here.
Rude on the call in order, rude when picking up and not a thank you in sight.
No offering of napkins, choice of dressing on a salad or utensils.
With all the choices in Vegas, the owner had better have a talk with the employees.
I will go elsewhere.

This place gets it.. Good pizza, good service(this location).
They even have the black-and-white cookies for dessert.
If they only had a good NYC cheesecake like JR.
But I have to say this place is one of the best in Vegas.
Try one of their sandwiches.
Forgetaboutit

We normally get pizza.
This time I tried the philly steak and cheese.
Very disappointing.
The bread was dry on top but the bottom was soaked in grease.
They used orange cheese which didn't go well with the steak.
My husband got the calzone which was cold inside.
Disappointed with this meal.

honestly i wanted to like this place the pizzas are amazing !
however triied the philly didn't care for the bread the cool thing is they have drinks like dr browns etc.
and decently priced friend had white garlic pizza - I had there pizza  in the past and always good

I had a great experience at Rocco's and can't wait to return!
This is only based off of one take out order.
When I walked in I saw a bunch of pizzas and goodies all around me.
It smelled so good!
The employee that took care of me was super friendly and the pizza was ready at the time they told me!
I ordered the white pizza and I'm happy I did!
The crust is perfect, the pizza is thin!
Delicious cheese and garlic sauce!
I will order another white pizza but next time I'm going to ask for half of the fresh ricotta cheese.
I do like ricotta, however it was just a little too overbearing for me on the pizza!
I got the large for $15.
It is pretty big!
I can't wait to try just a plain cheese pizza!
I will return to Rocco's!

Now this place is the REAL DEAL!
I moved to Las Vegas in 2003, took me years to find a great pie.
I absolutely love this place and you will too!

update -- pizza order meatball pie.. very very good I also got the special drink espresso coffee soda -- know I am up for a while lol..
But anyways pizza was really good...

I LOVE PIZZA!
Rocco's is one of my favorite pizza places in Las Vegas.
My favorite pizza that they make is the white pizza with tomato and basil.
The only downside is that the prices are slightly higher so I can't take my family as often.

