Great bar,Great food and Great service.
Weekly pool tournaments, a sports lounge, a nice large bar and great bar menu.
Very reasonably priced.
Blue Moon on Tap.
Stop in have a cold one & a burger you won't be disappointed.

Considering I hate 99% of all bars in Las Vegas the Kopper Keg is actually pretty damn cool.
Friendly and knowledgeable bar staff, descent food and at a more than reasonable price.
I haven't had the pleasure of sampling a lot of their menu but what I have had I liked.
I ordered the five alarm burger which I was quite fond of.
Just the right amount of heat.
Top notch quality burger topped with pepper jack cheese, jalapenos and all the fixens.
While I was BSing with the bartender he informed me that they freshly ground their burger patties daily, nothings ever frozen.
This is a serious thumbs up in my book, and believe me it shows.
So if you're ever in the far northwest corner of the Las Vegas valley and are jonesen for a top notch burger and a few cold ones, look no further the Kopper Keg is your destination.

So disgusted with the service!
His name was Steve and he was less than interested in us and I'm a 13 year vet in the service industry ive been a bartender server busser......you name it!
everyone deserves better!
When I'm at your bar pay attention to me!

Kopper Keg has a nice menu of typical bar food and a nice enough bar area.
There are also pool tables and areas off the bar to sit and drink with friends.
They also have an enclosed food restaurant to eat your dinner without all the cigarette smoke.
But if you want to gamble, you have to be in the bar.
The cigarette smoke is rather intense in the bar area.
When I leave this bar, I smell like an ashtray.
Not enjoyable at all.
Other nearby bars seep to have better ventilation.
Also, this bar REEKS when you walk in.
Stale and musty, as if the carpets were filthy.
This smell goes beyond simple cigarette odor.
Other bars in the area may have a cigarette smell, but do not reek like musty or moldy carpets.
The bartenders are pretty cool, but sometimes it's difficult to get their attention as they will converse with a favorite client for a long time and not look around at the rest of the bar.
Their french fries, both the waffle fries and the natural fries are yummy.
Burgers are not that great.
Fish and chips were good and would have been great if only they hadn't overcooked the fish so that the batter was almost burnt.

This place was HORRIBLE.
It deserves 0 stars!
Worst service I have ever experienced.
Waited 10 minutes and no one even acknowledged our presence.
I heard this place was 'click-y' but c'mon guys get it together!
How can you expect to stay in business if you don't help your new and potentially loyal customers.

I went to this place despite some nasty reviews I read.
What can I say, I'm a thrill seeker.
The complaints most people will tell you about this place isn't the food, but the service.
I visited this place for the first time yesterday and have no qualms about either.
I didn't stay long, I sat at the bar and drank a Budweiser.
They were out of XX which was a bummer.
I ordered a small appetizer to ensure I wasn't sloshed for the drive home.
I got the pretzel bites with cheese.
The cheese was a little too on the olivey side, but the pretzels were delicious and smothered in artery clogging butter.
Just the way I like it!
Hey, if you wanted to be healthy, your dumbass wouldn't be at a bar, now would it?
The bartender was very nice.
Her name was Tara and she paid plenty attention to me.
My food and drink came pretty quick, she stopped by every once in awhile to ensure I was okay, and I didn't have to wait to have my check to be brought to me.
She seemed to make her rounds on everyone just the same, so I assume she's not the bartender people have been complaining about.
Ans she's super nice to boot!
I went in the afternoon time, so it wasn't too packed, but there were quite a few people there, including obvious regulars.
Lots of sports on the TV screens and they even have an entire non-smoking section for people that are afraid to die.
This was a first time visit and though it wasn't long, it deemed good to me and I'll probably be back.

For Centennial local haunts, this place is great!
Every bartender and server I've encountered is extremely friendly and provides exemplary service.
The drinks are good and cold, and the gaming is better than I expected.
A great, clean, friendly local bar that we can enjoy.
I'm happy when I visit, and I'll probably become a regular!

I can't describe how much I dislike this place.
Why can't I describe it?
Because I've never been allowed to eat/drink here thanks to the staff.
Twice I came in.
Twice I waited for 15 minutes with not so much as a glance from the bartenders.
Twice I got up and left without even seeing a menu.
I can't believe that they allow this to happen at a place of business.
I get you're a "local" place, but I'm a local.
I live in your area.
Why don't I deserve your business?
B-Dubs is on the other end of the parking lot, and their service is a lot better.
Shucks is down Durango and their food is great and their service is better.
Timbers, which I regard as a pretty low-star experience in the Centennial area, would still get the nod from me over this place for no other reason than they acknowledged my existence.
Don't waste your time, and don't give them business.
If zero stars was a thing, that's what they would get.

It's funny how many bad reviews this place got, so when I had a chance to check it out I did, first thing I noticed was this place was packed.I had read reviews stating how can this place stay in business?
It was even a week night.
Finally found a seat at the bar and Dan the bartender greeted me.
I asked about some different beers and he suggested one that I tried and very much enjoyed it.
I then asked for a menu and got the chicken wings well done, they came out exactly how I ordered them.
Maybe this place has gotten better or changed but I really enjoyed myself and will deffiantly return to the Keg.
If Dan is there ask for him, he is amazing and very knowledgable on all the beers and food.

Don't go there at night.
The bartender there is the rudest person I have ever met.
I have been there once to meet some friends and the knew the bartender so he was cool.
I visited the bar on another occasion with my wife and received bad service.
Waiting for the bartender just to say hello seemed like a difficult task.
Thought I would give this place one more opportunity and it was worse than the other time.
Without going into more detail.
I have never been treating this bad by an establishment to a paying customer.
I wouldn't send my worse enemy to this place.
Horrible experience!!
If you are into being treated bad, given poor service, ignored, then this is your place.
The cook is the only good thing in the restaurant.
If they had more employees like him, it would be a great place.

I work at Centennial hospital , this bar has the worst service , Matt or Matte , what ever his name is , so rude and unprofessional !
Drinks over price , the people in the bar look like their we're under age , the bartender never check ID .
I will let all my co workers know not to waste time or money , since new customers are not welcome .
No manager on duty , this place is a joke.

Worst bar evere!
this place is horrible , worst bartender and night shift .
Don't Waste u time or money it's a joke !

It's a shit hole !
Don't waste u time , no managers on duty bartender night shift asshole !

This place is a joke !
Don't  waste your money or time .Someone keeps taking all bad reviews down !
Just a mother reason not to go ..

This place is a joke !
Don't  waste your money or time .I work across in centennial hospital , me my co workers visit this bar, and we're not welcome since we are not friends with staff .
The bartender Matt in grave yard is rude and not professional at all.
I will never go back to the bar and I will let all my co workers at the hospital know , Never visit this bar or waste any kind of money .
Worst Local Bar !

I work at hospital across from Kopper Keg , I will never go back to this bar .
Horrible service , Drinks are not mix well , and the bartender , "big fat guy, with a white hat "  at night , is so rude and unprofessional .Me and co - workers will never go back .
I hope they don't delete our review because this bar is Horrible .

They have deleted several bad reviews from Yelp!
Why is Kopper Keg ,still open , this bar is horrible , and new customers are not welcome !
Don't waste you're money .

I went for the first time tonight.
The bartenders were nice and the waitress Kahla was terrible.
I played 2 games of golden tee and she never checked on me to see if I needed another drink, so I went to the bar myself and got a refill.
So I ordered a  burger off of the special menu and when it came it was just burger, cheese and bun.
So I asked the bartender do I have to pay extra for lettuce, tomato and onion, she said no, then Kahla with her shitty attitude brought it to me, slammed it on the bar and walked away.
I have been a bartender for 25 years and I will never come back, there is a Timbers up the street....

Also, if you like being sent threatening emails by the person that you wrote a review about...this is your place for sure!

I'm not sure how it is always insanely smoke filled in this bar, but it is terrible even when no one is in there.
Sadly, that's not the worst part of this place.
Don't expect anyone to acknowledge you for a while, you'll sit there and be ignored.
I've been told it's because the bartenders think they're better than the customers.
I've never asked them their thoughts on that, but it is how they've treated me every time I've gone in there except once.
So once out of about 10 times, not great odds.
Needless to say, I haven't gone back, nor do my friends want to go there either.

I've been to this bar more times than I can count.
I love it.
Here something you don't here too often with bars: The food is.Really good!
I love the pretzels bites!
I could eat those damn things every time I'm in there.
Let's see, the BLT is awesome too.
The chicken fingers are pretty tasty.
If you order the nachos, be prepared to have an empty stomach or someone else to share your food with.
Onto the prices: They are exactly where they should be.
Not too pricey.
My favorite two things about this bar..... the lighting (it's dimmed) and the gambling is awesome.
I rarely leave this place down.
I play Keno mostly.
My hubby plays poker.
It's one of our favorite places to play.
The first time we played Keno at this bar, we left with over 1K in our pockets.
It was a good night!
Suzie is a really good bartender.
Ask her for some Sooz juice.
You won't regret it!
There is plenty of seating.
Lots of tables too.
If you want to bring your family, there is a smoke free side.
Last but not least, if you're trying to catch a game on TV, chances are it's on one of their many tv's.
They've got plenty of them.
There's also a couple pool tables.
The bartenders are super laid back.
Attentive too.
Be sure tip your bartenders and servers!!!!!!
They work their asses off.

