New owner as of April 2011... John gave me an excellent hair cut (17$) and a hot shave (35$).
He explained the hot straight razor shave is 35 bucks because it takes him almost an hour.
I definitely recommend getting a shave if you got the extra dough.
He uses old school professional products that are hard to find anywhere else these days.
I have a very thick beard and he took his time and not a nick.
Hair cut was quick and flawless.
Johns a very nice guy.
Check it out!

Great barbershop.
Came in yesterday and John gave me a clean military cut.
Lots of attention to detail, with a straight razor finish, all for $17.
Swag.

I have had John cut my hair four times, and I have been pleased every time.
Good service, fair prices.
All-in-all a great place for a haircut!

Came in at 11am and no one was inside asked barber for a hot shave he seemed to be inconvenienced by this and said I don't have time for this it's too busy today :/ need I say no one was in the shop..
When I was back to set up an appt barber said its not busy to come down????
Will not be coming here very bad customer service!!
While sitting in my car in front of shop 2 soldiers walked in and walked back out!
Bad service here !!

How can you call yourself a barber and not know how to give someone a fade?
That's just ridiculous.
I knew I was in the wrong place when I told him what I wanted and he kept asking me if I was doing it right.
I told him I wanted my hair tapered and he literally didn't know what that meant.
I had to go home and try to salvage his hack-job.
Don't waste your time or money on this joint!

My boyfriends in the army and we've skipped around to a few different barber shops when he needs his hair trimmed and they've always been fine.
As he says its hard to screw up a high and tight.
So we went in and saw John.
My boyfriend was thoroughly impressed.
Said its the best he's gotten in awhile.
We go back every month.
His partners not as good though.
Make sure you get john !

Joanna ,is a great barber.
Prior to finding her I paid as much as $65.00 for an executive style cut.
I am an old guy and know nothing about fades and such.
I think she does them all and has a good following of clients.
The other male barber appears to be the owner, east coast kind of guy, I have never had a cut from him.
Joanna is well worth waiting for,  they do not take appointments.
Joanna is a Gem, kind of shy and quiet but really knows her trade.

