I can't say enough about this place!!
Wine, wine, wine, wine and more wine!
If you love great wine and food like I do this is the place for you.
I was introduced to this place by a friend of mine who is a sommelier and ventures here to enjoy their wine tastings every Tues.
They feature wines from all across the world and it is a great way for your palate to become acclimated to all the different varietals.
The other great feature here are their "Wine Flights" or samplers.
They are about 3 oz pours of 5-6 wines from different areas of the world.
You have your choice of white or red and depending on your knowledge of wine, the flights are graded from beginner, intermediate, advance and master.
Great way to test yourself on your wine knowledge.
My recommendation is the Intermediate Red Flight.....awesome selection...even the Pinotage from South Africa which I usually cannot stand is great.
Food here is great as well.....they have everything from salads, soups, pastas and other entrees.
My recommendations:  Cheese Plate: What goes better with wine that cheese!!
Best St. Andre and Manchego I have ever had  Spicy Andouille Scramble: Sausage, cilantro, bell peppers, eggs and mozzarella served with a crispy little potato cake  Crab-Cake Sandwich: Only available on the weekend....Maryland Style and so good  Make sure to sit outside on a warm day....doesn't get any better!

Liked this place alot.
Lots of wine.
Wines by the glass, and wine flights.
I had the intermediate level red flight.
All the different wines were great.
It comes with 6 2oz.
glasses, and if you can guess which is which, you get a free glass of whichever you want.
The food was great too.
I didnt eat a whole meal, but had many of the tapas, and appetizers.
The asparagas wrapped in ham prociutto was great.
We also ordered the cheese plate which came with 5 different cheeses, fruit, and a basket of bread and crackers.
It went very well with the wines.
The staff was very friendly, and we were sat immediatly even without a reservation.
Overall, I liked Sunset and vines alot, and will be going back for sure.
One note however, if your going with a party of more then 4, you may end up sitting in the wine cellar, were we sat, and its about 68 degrees in there, so take a sweater.

I had a really good time here.
I ended up drunk on wine by the end of the night but I really enjoyed my food as well!
The artisan cheeses are really fun- you have to try some if you come here that's a must!
Very romantic,  the view is nice the food was all prepared wonderfully.
One of my favorite places now.
I'll be heading back soon!

Our experience seems to be the only rare bad one...however, there were good and bad things and I will highlight on both.
Firstly the service was terrible.
Our server seemed like she had just come from serving at Chili's because she couldn't or would try to pronounce the name of our wine when she brought it out.
Secondly, she ruined 3 bottles of wine, attempting to open them, while spilling some on my boyfriend.
Finally she had to sommelier come and open our actual bottle of wine.
Which are very reasonably priced and they have a great selection of bottles and by the glass.
The sommelier was very accomodating which made up for the amatuer server.
Food wise, we ordered the crab cakes and the bleu cheese caesar salad which were both great.
The bleu cheese idea I thought was ingenious, it really brought out different flavors in the salad dressing.
The crab cakes, were really moist and the aioli that it came with was equally delicious.
Our main courses were a filet mignon and the smoked salmon, scallop linguini.
Starting off with the good: the linguini was perfection!
The sauce was not overly heavy with cream but mingled greatly with the whole sea scallops which were seared and succulently sweet.
The smoked salmon, I thought was a great compliment to the dish, it was not fishy at all and it tasted really fresh.
Kudos!
However, the filet was a a different story.
It seemed like it had great promise and the server actually recommended it.
The menu said "blackberry pinot noir reduction"...the filet was marinated in an espresso thing of some sort.
When the steak came out, the "reduction" was more like a jello, which was the first thing that I tasted when I took a bite, it seemingly gelatinized on me...the steak was cooked just fine, it was the sauces that really ruined the dish.
The final thing menu item that was so good...I might drive all the way to sunset and vines again for...it was this proscuitto wrapped pototoes gratin...AMAZING!
So amazing that I ate 2 of them.
Overall...not so good..but the things that were good...ended up being amazing.
The ambience was great and romantic with a view of the Lake Las Vegas.

As with all of Lake Las Vegas, this place has an old world charm/ambience and you feel like you stepped into a small European village.
The food was delicious and the service was great.
I've had appetizers on the patio during the warmer months which has a great view of the lake and people watching.

One thing about living in Vegas is you get very used to everything being very close in distance and you get spoiled- plain and simple!
So the one thing I don't take advantage of is all the amazing things Lake Las Vegas has to offer!
This spring and summer I am going to make more of an effort to get down there and the reason for that is solely based on the experience I had at Sunset and Vines, which was absolutely spectacular!
We spent literally an entire afternoon here, eating and drinking all types of wine!
They have a huge selection of cheese platters and small appetizers (I know they have a full dinner menu too, but we were there just for the afternoon).
The bartenders and servers were so friendly, but didn't talk too much or interrupt you.
Although we sat at the bar we started talking with one of the servers whose name was Michael and found out he did magic on the LV Strip, he was so great he did a few card tricks for us as I love magic!
Overall it was just such a fun, unique experience and with the backdrop of Lake Mead and beautiful weather, it really made me a huge fan of the entire area and I will definitely be back!

On a Saturday a few weeks ago my husband and I spent a beautiful afternoon sitting on the outdoor patio of Sunset and Vines at Lake Las Vegas.
It's quite a haul to get out there, but Ian had never been before so we decided to combine the trip with a Henderson delivery.
We didn't have a restaurant destination in mind but settled on Sunset and Vines after reading the menus of the various eateries scattered around Montelago Village, the commercial and social hub of Lake Las Vegas.
The restaurant is one of the few original tenants of the village and sits right on the water, so we knew we would at least have a pleasant view and to pretend we weren't in Vegas for a minute (minus the desert in the distance).
To start we shared a Caesar salad ($7.95) made very un-Caesar like with the addition of bleu cheese.
I personally don't think you need to mess with a Caesar salad and thought the cheese was a distraction from the great dressing, but it was good salad nonetheless made with fresh, crisp hearts of romaine and baby garlic croutons.
We then tried two of the sandwiches that make up the bulk of the lunch menu.
The one pictured above, and definitely the better of the two, was the Bacon Apple Stack ($7.95).
It consisted of sliced crunchy apples, meaty applewood-smoked bacon, Cheddar cheese, and a spicy red pepper aoli spread on a chewy ciabatta roll.
All the ingredients came together beautifully and it was the kind of sandwich that grew more delicious with every bite.
Unfortunately, the Smoked Salmon BLT ($10.95) was a bit disappointing.
The smoked salmon itself was of decent quality, but a little bland and had a texture too similar to the adjacent layer of avocado slices.
The turkey bacon wasn't nearly as good as the real bacon on the Bacon Apple Stack and, unfortunately, the bottom layer of bread came out soggy.
It was just kind of a sad sandwich.
Both of us ordered the fries as a side, which was upsetting because they weren't very good.
When I ate the first one I swore that whoever prepared the fries mistook the salt for sugar because they came out sweet and not salty.
We told the waiter we thought someone messed up and he casually said "No, that's the chef's new thing.
It takes some getting used to.
" So needless to say, the fries weren't a highlight, even when you added salt.
It was great to get some fresh air and sit by a body of water, enjoying the sunshine while eating our lunch, so the experience was memorable.
Even though it's far away I think I'll go out to Lake Las Vegas more often and explore the charming village more.
There are lots of different shops and cafes, and they hold some popular community events.
There happened to be a little "Beer Fest" going on while we were there where different Vegas breweries were peddling their libations.
Ian saw a shirt he really wanted that said, "#*&amp;% Milk, Drink Beer" but unfortunately they weren't selling it, so we headed back to the car for the somewhat long drive home.

We dinned at Sunset & Vines to sum up an afternoon of skating and strolling at Lake Las Vegas Village.
It was a bit too chilly to dine on the patio, but I can see how other Yelper's enjoyed their patio experience.
I had picked up a restaruant.com gift certificate and read up on my Yelp reviews so I knew that we wanted to check out the artisan cheese appetizer.
The wine selection is quite vast but since I was the only one drinking, I chose a glass of Pinot Noir (can't remember which one, but it was excellent!).
For our artisan cheese appetizer we went with three selections.
English Silton, Taleggio and one of the Bleu cheese selections (name I can't recall).
All cheeses were EXCELLENT and they were paired with baguette, salted almonds and cashews, dried apricots and cranberries, grapes, olive tapenade, an apricot chipotle spread.
We made wonderful choices on the cheese and the chef had done a great job on selecting items to pair with the cheese.
I highly recommend you try the artisan cheeses!
We even had left overs which we took home and enjoyed the following afternoon.
For our meal I had the Duck Breast special with rice and vegetables and my husband had a Sirloin Steak with potatoes and vegetables.
The meals were just average, with extremely un imaginative and ordinary sides.
The meats were cooked well, but certainly not something to write home about.
I think if we return, we would probably come back for the cheese platter only and do a selection of 5 cheeses, and drink more wine instead of getting full meals.
The artisan cheeses were certainly the highlight.
I wouldn't say this restaurant will pull us back to Lake Las Vegas, but it would be a stop if we had another reason to come back.

5 stars for everything about this place: beautiful location, ambience, down-to-earth staff, great food at reasonable prices!
Their fried spinach is an absolute must!
I also love their crab cakes.
We had their yummy linguini with mushrooms and prime rib-eye steak.
For dessert, I loved their Poached Pear with Mascarpone.
Of course, we also had to try the more traditional Godiva Cheesecake, which was also really good.

Great Tapas, decent if not mildly aloof service!

I have lived in Lake Las Vegas for 2 and half years now and never tried Sunset and Vine, maybe because it does not seem too friendly for people dining alone.
And over the years I had not heard anyone say anything spectacular about the place.
Well a couple of weeks ago good friends of mine came over to the Cigar Bar (my home away from home in LLV) after having just had dinner and they could not say anything bad about the place.
Well I trust there opinion, so the next opportunity I had I headed over there.
I am a believer.
I stuck to the Tapas menu since it was hot and wanted to eat light.
I had the Diablo sliders and the braised pork belly.
These two dishes were excellent.
My friend wanted a caprese salad, which was the reason we tried Sunset and Vine and she loved it.
This ruined her for any of the other restaurants in town that she has had the caprese salad.
She said it was by far the best she's had and now holds all others to this new standard.
If the weather is nice, which in Vegas is most of the time, sit outside on the patio with a view of the Lake.
It is the perfect setting.

We decided to try this place out during our staycation at Lake Las Vegas.
We were hoping to get a table outside to watch the sunset, but they said they could not seat us even though there were like 20 open tables.
We decided to sit inside since I wanted to eat right away.
It took some time for the server to come and take our drink orders (about 15 minutes) and then it took even longer to get our orders taken.
I was a tad bit cranky by then, but luckily they gave us a loaf of bread with butter and some kind of olive paste.
It probably took another 30 minutes to get our food which is an eternity to a hungry person!
I wanted to try the clams as an appetizer, but I was disappointed in the quality of the clams.
They had so much sand in them that anyone could hear the sand in my mouth if they walked by.
My fiancé ordered the skirt steak which was surprisingly well made.
I had ordered the salmon which was cooked nicely.
I was really disappointed with the slowness and we even saw this family of four leave because they were just taking too long.
Food was good, but for the price and the service I just wasn't that impressed.
I had ordered a martini and the server had noticed that I didn't care for it so she switched it out for a different martini which was nice.
Overall, its one of the only restaurants there so making reservations is probably a good idea.

My husband and I decided to give Sunset and Vines a try after hearing good things about it from a friend.
We arrived around 6 on a Friday evening and had no problem getting a table out on the patio.
We had decided before we arrived to share some tapas rather then ordering individual entrees.
Perhaps I am spoiled by Firefly, I thought the tapas selection at Sunset and Vine was a bit limited.
We ended up sharing the sweet potato fries, beef tacos and the pork belly.
What was not limited was the wine and scotch selections.
My husband ended up trying a flight of scotch, which was 4 different samples for around $35.
For desert, we had sliced strawberries with port wine reduction and mascarpone cheese with lemon zest and mint mixed into it.
The reduction and cheese were excellent with the berries, a great way to end our meal.
The only downside to the dessert is we were told it was 'fresh fruit' which, to me, means more then one kind of fruit... not just strawberries.
Overall it was a nice, albeit pricey meal.
The tapas ran from $6.50 to $9 a piece and were on the small side.
Service was ok but could have been better.
I heard both of the waitresses working the patio telling their tables about the specials for the day, something our waiter did not do.
He did refill my water glass quickly though.
Since we live so close to Lake Las Vegas, I may be back but I would only go with a restaurant.com certificate to make the prices a little more bearable.

This is a perfect location!
It's just far enough outside of Las Vegas to feel relaxed and peaceful  right on the water.
Here are a few of my favorite things about Sunset and Vines: -You can have your dogs out on the patio, so long as the other patrons are okay with it.
We've been there several times and no one has ever been opposed to it.
-Max Salame's weekly newsletter email.
They always have fun events and discounted pricing going on during the week.
It's been a motivation to come out there when we've looked for places to go.
-As I said above, the location is so great.
It's right on the water...even in the summer the breeze from the water is just enough to cool you off.
-The flutes and tapas.
If you're interested in trying something new but don't want a full glass or plate-this is the perfect way to go.
Small portions give you an idea if you like it or not, while comparing it to other wines and foods.
-My one complaint...the service is hit or miss.
We've gone out here and had the most hilarious, attentive waiter ever.
The next time we came, I actually had to go into the bar to order drinks and had to back in to get my check.
We were 1 of 2 tables on the patio and there wasn't anyone in the bar.
My guess would be inexperienced servers.
Not a deterrence for us coming here though.
If you are in the area, definitely try this place out!
We'll definitely be back!

I haven't tried the food here yet, but I love the location and wine.
It's peaceful and on the quiet side - right by the lake.
And it is dog friendly.
So this is a great little spot to sit out on the patio and sip a couple of glasses of wine.

This place is right on the water in the Village at Lake Las Vegas.
The patio is great for dinner after sunset.
The wine and scotch selections are huge.
The wine list features some hard to find, small vineyard wines.
This place is very laid back with an open kitchen, and relaxed atmosphere.
Prices are very good, most of the food is less expensive than any average restaurant, but it is very good.
Crab cakes, surf and turf, wedge salad, and a cream cake dessert were all awesome.
Our waiter was outstanding.
I saw people seating themselves on the patio and in the lounge, it's super casual, yet romantic.
When people think of tapas they imagine sharing heaping "appetizer combos", tapas are small plates, for coursing or snacks, I like them for snacks when I"m drinking wine on the patio or at the bar, but not for a dinner date.
I wouldn't expect my girlfriend to share a portobello mushroom and cheese bites with me for dinner.
The tapas would also be great for lunch.

I just absolutely adore this place!
I purchased the Groupon to stay for one night at Ravella in Lake Las Vegas and had the greatest opportunity to eat at Sunset & Vines in the Village.
It was the greatest idea ever!
My friends and I had a couple of tapas plates, and 2 entrees to share family style.
We brought our own bottle of Silver Oak to celebrate the peaceful atmosphere and staycation away from city life in Las Vegas.
The corkage fee was only $20, and the pricing of the food is actually pretty fair as well.
We ordered the pork belly and short rib tapas plates.
Both plates were so good that we were all sounding off the "mmmmm" sound as we ate including "Oh my gosh...this is soo good!
"  We were telling each other how the food was so good and so worth the calories and money that will be spent.
We also ordered the dry aged rib eye steak and lobster ravioli.
The steak was Aye OK, I' ve had much better but it didn't disappoint.
Mash potatoes that accompanied the steak was really good.
But the lobster ravioli was awesome.
You can eactually see the lobster, and the texture of it.
The pieces were quite big and super yummy!
Oh the bread!
Well, not the bread, but the spread!
Accompanied with butter, there was a spread with 3 kinds of olives.
Tasted like there was a hint of garlic, but it was so good.
A couple of don't even like olives, and were in love with the spread.
We kept asking for more baskets of bread.
We also ordered two kinds of fries: hot and spicy, and sweet potato.
Both were great sides to all the flavorful food.
The service here was great too; our waitress was fabulous and we would all definitely come here again!
We were even seated in an area that looked like a wine cellar so it felt kind of fancy.
We were too full to try dessert, but I'm sure it's just as good as the rest of their yummy menu!
But there is a gelato store right next door!

We wen't to Lake Las Vegas for a romantic weekend.
They have jazz on  Saturday night so we decided to go to a place that was near it.
We walked around and looked at all the menus and Sunset and Vine's menu just stood out above the rest  We were greeted by a very friendly hostress.
We asked if we could have a table outside.
We orginally sat in the uncovered area but they let some asswipe smoker sit next to us who lit up and his cigarette smoke was blowing right at us.
I thought you couldn't smoke were food was served in this state.
We asked the server if we could move and he was very accomodating, I think we moved outside of his section but he still kept us.
He was very nice, very upbeat.
They sat us a table in the outside area that was covered.
We could still hear the jazz and the scenery was just perfect.
So tranquil.
Their small bites menu was perfect for what we wanted.
My gf had the chopped salad, portobello mushroom and the sweet potato fries.
I had the pork belly (mmmmm), the lamb chops.
The portobello mushroom was amazing.
The sweet potato fries, honestly were some of the best we ever had, and the sauces with them, delicious.
My lamb chops were good.
They were the t bone cut and hard to get the meat out of but worth the effort.
The Pork Belly, amazing!
The skin was nice and crispy and the meat was so tender.
My gf asked me if i needed an moment alone to enjoy it...lol  I had a glass of wine and it was a nice fat pour for the money.
Everything was great.
I would have given this place 5 stars if it weren't for the asswipe smoker.
I would go back to this place in a NY minute!

After waiting 45 minutes for our lunch which was salads our server forgot to put in our 3 year olds meal.
Items where missing from my husbands salad and beyond that the level of service was just poor.
There was maybe 4 other tables at the time and how could I forget the bird droppings on the table that the server never cleaned up, we ended up using our napkin.
Other than the view there is nothing special about this restaurant.

It saddens me to write this review because the potential for this little wine themed bistro is so great...alas, I cannot tell a Yelp lie...  First of all, how did I not know about this charming little area on Lake Las Vegas?
Tons of bistros, bars & shops, all set on cobblestone walkways right on the lake!
It was a romantic set up but the rest of the night was a let down.
I wanted to sit on the patio, as my reservation indicated, but they had a large party taking up the entire thing and they stayed later than initially anticipated, so I sat inside, which was fine, I guess.
I was so hell bent on the patio I was starting to get grumpy.
Anyway, the service...well, it wasn't good.
She began asking if I wanted a cocktail, and I said probably wine, yet she had no recommendations on the wine.
When she came back, I still hadn't decided and asked her opinion...and she suggested a cocktail.
How a restaurant has a wine list a mile long and a server suggests a cocktail over a bottle of wine is beyond me, so I ordered an extra dry Ketel martini.
No bleu cheese olives...darn.
The martini was made with extra vermouth, not zero vermouth.
Rookie mistake, but this is a nice restaurant, this martini is $12!
I didn't even finish it - a rarity for me.
Then the food...ugh.
Rare steaks are supposed to be red last time I checked but this one was gray with slight hints of pink throughout.
Fail.
Again, I didn't even finish it.
Not even half.
The other steak was supposed to be rare to medium rare, again, it was gray, and again, he didn't finish it.
The icing on the cake:  Halfway through the meal, I ordered a glass of pinot noir.
I was in a hurry to leave at that point (did I mention it took almost 45 minutes to get two "rare" steaks to the table?
), but she took about 15 minutes getting the wine to the table.
When she brought it, we asked if we could send it back because we didn't really have time, and we were in a hurry...
SO SHE SLAMMED THE GLASSES ON THE TABLE AND WALKED AWAY TO THE REGISTER WITHOUT ACKNOWLEDGING OUR COMMENT.
Grrr.
And then she came back with the check, with the drink on it I didn't want at that point, dropped it and walked off.
She came back to cash it out with a plastic glass to take the drink with me, which means I had to slam it anyway because we weren't staying at the lake in the casino, we drove out there.
Thanks lady, you are a real gem.
Unfortunately, I will not be dining at Sunset & Vines again...EVER.
I will try someplace else if I care to make the 30 minute drive to the lake.

If the prices were lower, I'd give this place 5 stars, but I can't.
I had a Restaurant.com certificate and I made a reservation as per the certificate and came out tonight for dinner.
I was going to eat inside, but the patio was so inviting I decided to eat out.
It was lovely.
There's something that doesn't seem quite right about being in the middle of the desert eating next to a lake with a large boat.
Now on to the food.
I ordered the crab cakes for an appetizer.
Wonderful!
The cakes had lots of real crab meat and not just shredded pieces.
The cakes are coated with panko crumbs and served with a curry and coconut sauce.
Also, hot rolls were brought out before I got the appetizer and there was a scoop of butter and a scoop of tapenade.
The main course was an 8 ounce filet cooked extra rare and topped with a  chimichurri sauce and served with garlic mashed potatoes and seasonal vegetables.
The filet was cooked the way I like it--barely--and the potatoes and vegetables were great.
I finished the last bit of mashed potatoes with some of the tapenade.
Excellent!
Dessert?
Why certainly.
I had checked the menu online and had decided on the Godiva chocolate cheesecake.
My server, Stephanie, asked me about dessert and said, "I highly recommend the Godiva cheesecake.
"  She read my mind.
It was fantastic!
Speaking of Stephanie, service was excellent.
No one went by without helping.
Different servers removed a dirty dish, another refilled my iced tea, and others asked if I needed anything.
Just the kind of service everyone appreciates.
The view of the lake as the sun was setting was absolutely stunning.
The last rays on the mountains were to be enjoyed like fine food.
I am so glad I opted to eat on the patio.
It made a good meal that much better.
And that too is a reason for the higher prices.

I recommend the tacos!
Strange I know but they are really good because they use quality steak for them.
The service is bar none and the view of the lake is great.
Its a little pricy but still worth it.

I feel bad to give a 1 star because I want the Lake Las Vegas area as a whole to do well.
We love it there and they are still trying to recover from the massive recession hit they took.
But I must.
Went here to order a drink and their meat and cheese board and then perhaps check out some dinner.
It took 10 minutes for someone to come to our table...
I told our server that we were looking forward to the cured italian meats and she informed us that the owner no longer has the meats.
SAD.
So then we decide we'll get a cheese plate...a 3-cheese selection.
Of course one of the cheeses we picked...the Tellegio was not available.
Ok...just drinks.
I ordered an old fashioned.
we were sitting right in front of the bar so I could see the bartender trying to make our drinks.
After 5 minutes or so she came out to say she had to go out to the kitchen to find an orange.
Comes back several minutes later without an orange but 5 minutes later brings us our drinks.
No mention that my old fashioned is now not an old fashioned since it has no orange rind in it.
$10 for a drink that I didn't order.
We left as quickly as possible.

First time going in the restaurant had a great view of Lake Las Vegas.
We we're waiting for our food too long.
Unfortunately, one of the orders for our group had hair on it.
Yuck!
The waitress felt like she didn't even want to be working that day.
Unfortunately, I don't think I will be going back.

I arranged a dinner and wine tasting for 35 people at this restaurant for a conference.
Max helped me out a great deal before the event deciding on menus, etc.
We went with a tapas/appetizers night instead of the traditional sit down dinner.
He was able to give us WAY TOO much food!
We also did wine tasting which I thought turned out to be very nice.
Was the evening perfect - of course not - but it was very close.
Almost all of the food was prepared and served quickly and while still hot (if they were hot appetizers).
Max was very helpful with wine selections when he got a chance to speak with you.
The bartender was also very friendly.
Only one compliant, one female waitress was a bit short with 2 guests but other than that, I had a fabulous evening.
I had many compliments on it the next day from attendees.
I would go again with just my husband to be able to enjoy it without being the party planner!

Wow where to start.
We were on a little vacation with our family at Lake Las Vegas.
We are locals who live in south west Las Vegas.
We decided to visit the village and happened upon this place.
It is a beautiful little restaurant sitting on the lake.
Our whole experience was so incredibly insulting I barely have the words  to describe it.
We were quite literally treated like second class citizens.
We have 3 children that were with us.
They are well behaved and were not making a scene.
We were placed on the patio off to the side.
There was one gentleman who seated after us and he must have been a movie star because he quite literally getting a massage from all of the servers.
There were 2 obviously well off gentlemen sitting out near us.
You would have thought we had the bubonic plague.
Nobody asked us how our meal was.
Our server was an accented lady who was incredibly rude.
Oddly she got nice when tip time came.
At one point an older guy with a beard came out.
I am guessing he was the owner.
He never made eye contact with us and made a point of saying hi to Mr. Movie star on the patio and 2 other gentlemen sitting near us.
He had to walk around us to get to those 2 guys.
The whole experience was so insulting that the quality of the food does not really matter.
I ordered the bone in filet at $38.
I paid $2 extra to have a baked potato instead of the mash it came with.
It was an impressive cut of meat.
I ordered it medium and it came well done.
My baked potato was over cooked.
One thing to note is that Mr. Movie star on the patio ordered a bone in rib-eye and my wife said that it looked magazine quality when he cut into it.
So if your someone important they cook your food good.
My wife got the bone in rib eye.
She ordered it medium and it came well done.
My son ordered crab cakes.
They were pretty good.
So the moral of the story is this.
If you have money or you like snooty restaurants where they treat you like crap than this is the place for you.
If you like the combination of good food and good service than eat elsewhere.

Come here for one reason and one reason only.
If you are looking for a beautiful place to have a glass of wine this will fully fit the bill.
The food is OK as is the service.
I plan on going back and trying another restaurant in the area.

Great view, okay food and average service!
It is tough to find quality food and service at Lake Las Vegas

Service was very slow.
The prime rib cut I got was over cooked and cold.
Don't think I'll be returning.

Great view, nice service.
We had a bottle of cava and a cheese platter at sunset.
Perfect.

I was in the mood for some good wine and a cheese plate so decided to stop by here.
I've been to Lake Las Vegas a lot and just never got around to trying this place out.
Glad I finally stopped in.
It was just cool enough out as it was getting dark to sit outside.
It's a great patio with views of the water and boats.
My husband and I decided to get a bottle of Merlot and some appetizers.
We got the single cheese platter, crab cakes and spicy sliders.
It was a perfect lite meal.
The cheese was great with some fruit compote, crackers, bread, grapes and nuts.
Crab cakes were good, very light crust which is nice.
The sliders were also done well.
Next time I may get the 3 or 5 cheese plate it was so good.
I could have eaten just that.
Service was good, very friendly and attentive.
We'll go out of our way to make it back soon.

Couldn't tell you anything about food or drink.
Walked in front door.
Waited 5 minutes.
Bartender told is to go stand by staircase to wait for table.
Stood there another few.
Finally waved down a server who showed us a table.
We asked for their famous sangria.
He didnt think they had any, 7:30  pm on a Friday night with a live concert outside.
He was going to check.
10 minutes later, we were still waiting for him to check.
After reading all the reviews here while waiting we walked out.
Tired of waiting.
If that was the drink order, how long would the food order take??

UPDATE 8/19/2013  This was our third time dining there.
Its become the place we always go to on our Anniversary weekend.
The second time we went, our experience wasn't good at all but we decided to try it again.
We really enjoy the view of the lake from the patio and listening to the live jazz performance on the floating stage.
This time we went, was as good as it gets.
We were fortunate to have a great server this time.
His name is Tom and he really made our experience a pleasure.
My GF ordered a Mojito and said it was one of the best she had.
I had a glass of Rose Demi Sec which was delicious.
I had the pork belly which is one of their signature items as an appetizer.
I remember it from the first time we dined here and its still amazing as it was the first time.
They always give me a foodgasm!
We shared the Salmon with dried cherry,pinot noir sauce.
The salmon was very fresh and perfectly cooked and the sauce was so delicious.
I kept tossing the salmon over in the sauce because both flavors really complimented each other.
Once again, this place didn't fail to give us a nice experience.
We will be back again for sure

When you walk into this rustic atmosphere you can get caught at the bar as they have a very extensive wine list.
You can sit under the misters on the patio and watch the water sports at the lake or just enjoy a cocktail.
recommend the proscuitto caprese sandwich and the very reasonable $5 salmon tacos.
Great flavor on both and satisfy all appetites without having a heavy feel.
Wine list very extensive but not too overpriced, go for the albarino or torontes for a white or merlot or meritage for a red.
Very family friendly and accomodating.

We went here for my birthday last Saturday night with a group of 12.
It was recommended to us by another friend of mine and I am so HAPPY she recommended it.
The wait staff was amazing and the food was even better, everyone was extremely happy with  what they ordered and the portion sizes were perfect.
I had the Scottish Salmon with a cherrey sauce and my Husband had the Rib eye that melted in your mouth.
You will not be disappointed when you go here.
Its a beautiful location right on the lake.

We have been to Sunset and Vines multiple times, and have always left satisfied, full, and happy.
The wine selection is superb, and if you're not sure what to get, just ask Max and he will definitely steer you right.
As for the wait issues - if you come on an event night (concert, wine walk, holiday) - you will definitely wait for food, and if you don't have a reservation, you will wait for a table as well.
We have made reservations every time we came, with no issues in terms of wait.
that being said, the food is FANTASTIC!
We have never been disappointed with our food, and have ordered half the menu.
Sometimes they are out of certain cheeses or one or two appetizers, but they will substitute or make a recommendation, one just has to ask.
I have had the crab cakes, fried spinach, differet cheese selections, truffled Mac n cheese, vegetarian penne, and chicken piccata.
My husband has had various steaks, caesar salads, and some of my cheese :).
We have both enjoyed chocolate and fruit desserts - the poached pear is a must - save room!

Service was exceptionally poor.
Went here for a late lunch and we were the only couple in the restaurant.
The waitstaff neglected us for 20minutes.
The food came out 30 minutes after we ordered and was awful!
The pasta I ordered had dried out from sitting for so long.
Avoid this restaurant on your next visit to lake Las Vegas.

Well worth the drive out to Lake Las Vegas to try this hidden gem.
The menu is quite large, with a tapas section, as well as a more traditional menu.
I have dined here several times, and the food is always wonderful.
They have a huge wine selection as well.
The service is also always excellent.
I feel the atmosphere is one of the best I have experienced.
Inside is a full of old world charm, and the decor is fabulous.
You can also opt to sit outside, and look over the lake.
Hard to beat the setting.
I would highly recommend Sunset & Vines to anyone.

Went here for the wine tasting they offer.
First off, the place was a bitch to find.
As we wandered around in the dark looking for the restaurant, it felt like we were in an episode of the Twilight Zone.
Lots of businesses closed, vacant buildings, and no other people walking around.
Very creepy.
After wandering around for at least 20 minutes, we finally found the place.
We stood for some time, waiting to be acknowledged by the staff to be seated.
A female server finally took notice of us.
We told the server we were there for the wine tasting, but would like to sit and have dinner as well.
She told us to sit anywhere and pointed to where the wine tasting was being held in the restaurant.
She didn't even bother to give us a menu.
She hurried to seat the patrons that were behind us in line and gave them menus.
We were irritated and offended, so we left.
Avoid this establishment like the plague.
I can't believe this establishment treats patrons this way.
You would think they would appreciate any patronage they can get, considering many of the businesses at Lake Las Vegas have gone out of business.
It's pretty sad when you get treated better at a fast food restaurant.

Part 1-  I used Sunset and Vines to cater an event I had at the lake.
Decent prices, great service and tasty pasta!
We set up a buffet style lunch in the main dinning room.
Fed about 50 people with no problem.
Part 2-  After my event I sat down with 5 of my friends and our 3 LARGE dogs.
We positioned ourselves on the patio, under some heat lamps and away from anyone that might not like the looks of the wolf pack.
:)  First we started with wine, and fried spinach.
I must say this dish is now on my list of favorite things to eat!
Then we slowly moved our way through their tapas selection.
Bacon wrapped dates, oysters on the 1/2 shell, 5 cheese plate, special tacos, pork belly, all were amazing!
Our server was excellent too.
We sat on the patio, talked and drank wine for hours as she stepped over the dogs to refill our glasses and share stories.
Dining inside gives you an old world Italian ambiance, and nothing beats sitting outside with the amazing lake view.

Since we didn't want to eat hotel food again this was one of the only other place that was open so we tried it out.
This was a bad choice!
The service was exceptionally horrible and the food lacked a ton of taste.
I ordered a sausage spicy pasta that was not spicy at all.
The pasta was sitting in a bed of water and it lacked a ton of flavor.
After finishing our meal the server who I believe was also the owner made us wait for about 20 mins after we said we were done to bring us our bill.
He also did not respond anytime we needed something or if when we said thank you several times.
Avoid this place at any possible cost if your at lake las Vegas.

My man and I were exploring Lake Las Vegas and decided to stop in one of the restaurants for dinner.
After looking at the other options we picked this place, GLAD WE DID!
I got the Truffled Mac 'n Cheese and he got the Rib Eye.
Both were delicious.

My lady and I drove to Lake Las Vegas hoping to find a location that was well traveled and lively on a slow Wednesday.
But unfortunately the economic struggles of the area was apparent with emptiness of the shopping center.
Nevertheless, a good time is always dependent on who you're with rather than where you are so with a dry mouth and a slight rumble in our stomachs we sipped on some wine and a light snack at Sunset and Vines.
Okay so what if it was empty inside and the only other patrons were three older ladies catching up on the latest QVC sales, the emptiness also provided a very impromptu romantic lunch.
The owner of the place was also a very experienced sommelier and gave us the best tips for cheese and wine pairings.
So with amazing wine and cheese board, great conversation, and a lovely face next to me, it made for a most spectacular time at Sunset and Vines

I had came to lake las vegas when i first met my fiancee but had never eaten anywhere in the village.
I chose this place for our 1 year anniversary because it had a patio right next to the Marina with a great lake view.
The patio was really dirty and the seats were covered with bird feces.
The food was really delicious.
I had gotten steak and it was cooked very well but still juicy.
Service was good but our waitress was gone most of the time.
And cocktails were horrible.
Only the food was a major plus.
Oh and we had to find the waitress to pay for the check

I don't understand the bad reviews.
This place is awesome.
My wife and I had dinner and drinks this past Saturday on the patio.
Staff was attentive and very friendly.
The food was excellent, we ordered from the tapas menu.
My wife ordered a creamscicle mixed drink and I had a glass of Black Stallion Cabernet.
Her drink was made perfectly and the wine is NOT marked up horribly here, like at most restaurants.
The food prices were also outstanding.
I highly recommend this place.
Great food, drinks, prices and scenery.
You can't ask for more.

Honestly, the WORST SERVICE I have ever had at a restaurant in Las Vegas.
I have lived here for 12 years and this was the first time I made it out to Lake Las Vegas.
I am so disappointed.
The prices are unreasonable for the amount of food you get and for a tapas place they are slow.
It took us two hours before we got our food and some items were missing.
Granted the food is amazing, it was just absolutely ridiculous with the service.

It had been awhile since I had visited Lake Las Vegas and remembered always wanting to try Sunset & Vines from prior visits.
The atmosphere of the place just seemed inviting and the food always smelled wonderful.
So when planning a date I decided it would be a nice change of scenery and a new experience.
I called ahead to make reservations around noon on a Saturday.
My 1st indication of the evening was the phone rang at least 20 times before someone answered "Sunset & Vine"...then silence.
The person confirmed they took reservations and took my information for reservations later than evening.
We arrived about 10 minutes early to a rather busy Saturday night, but the restaurant and was maybe half filled at the time.
There was no signs or hostess and the few staff which was there didn't make eye contact, or worse yet avoided it at all costs.
We actually made it out to the patio area before one of the two waitresses informed us that it would be a 20 to 30 minute wait before we could be seated as she walked by briskly.
On her next pass I asked about my reservation which she didn't confirmed  but simply said "Oh...I can seat you now.
"   We sat on the patio over looking Lake Las Vegas and the view and breeze was perfect.
There was a concert about to start and the weather was just right.
We ordered a nice bottle of wine from a pretty extensive and wide priced ranged wine list.
We started out with the bacon wrapped dates which were very good, but just a little over priced in my opinion.
I tried the Grilled Shetland Islands All Natural Scottish Salmon Fillet and she the Roasted Chicken Breast Picatta.
Both were good, but nothing special and we both felt the servings were small and the presentation was average.
We finished with Tiramisu which again was good but average.
Over all I was a little disappointed in the service, food and experience.
I wasn't expecting fine dinning or a super romantic location, and I'm glad I wasn't and it would not have delivered.
The service was decent, but given a Saturday night with a concert on the lake, I would think they might staff up a little more than 2 waitresses and a bartender.
I didn't even see a food runner so service was slow although they were working hard to try and meet the demand.
I seriously doubt I will be back again, but if I do I hope to raise my rating and have a better experience.

Outstanding!!!
I don't know what was better the food, the ambiance, the views, or the service.
I couldn't have asked for a nicer 10th anniversary dinner with the wife.
We had some of the tapas ( braised short ribs, spicy ribs with curry, Carnitas and shrimp cerviche tacos and the diablo sliders).
It was incredible.
The wait staff was amazing.
Very attentive.
Everyone of them stopped by to see how we were doing.
Our waitress was the best I have ever had.
She actually stopped by several times to carry on conversations with us.
Not only to grab dishes and go.
If I make it back this way my first stop will be here.
Sorry but the food was so good it didn't last long enough to take pics of, so enjoy the view.

This weekend's lunch was our third and final meal at Sunset & Vines.
They just seem to have given up.
The lady and I arrived just before 2pm - and the place was empty, save a venti iced tea sitting on a table by the window.
We were about to split when a woman slurping another starbucks drink materialized from the back, then slunk off to deliver the iced tea to a coworker.
I asked if they were open, because it looked like they weren't.
But they were, so I told my girl that I had rented out the entire restaurant for a romantic lunch.
There are tons of tables, but we were seated at the one in the corner that was totally broken.
Like, it would have taken 30 sugar packets wedged under the bottom broken.
We reseated ourselves.
Sinatraesque music is blaring in the place.
While perusing the menu (disappointed to find our previous favorite from our last visit no longer available) the music suddenly gives way to a raucous piano rendition of 'Walking In A Winter Wonderland'.
In May.
In 103 degrees.
That is one seriously jacked up Pandora station.
My girl got up to use the restroom (as she does every 22 minutes) and returned with a look of horror on her face.
No toilet paper.
Pee everywhere.
A filthy restroom in a restaurant that has zero business?
Sorry, you just don't care anymore.
You've lost your way.
Maybe grab a mop before you run out for a frappacino.
Two different servers tried to take our order - looks like tips were tough to come by that day.
In any event, I ordered the french dip.
Yawn.
Underseasoned, cafeteria-style sandwich with tons of horseradish on one half and none on the other.
You'd think if you had nothing else to cook, you'd put a little more attention to detail into something as simple as that.
The server/manager/owner guy has been previously dinged on these pages for a surly attitude.
Mr. Scowlypants was true to form, sulking about and failing to even acknowledge his TWO guests.
Again, if it's lunch on a weekend and I've got 2 covers and 2 covers only, I'm gonna put my heart and soul into making those people happy.
But we didn't even get a moment of eye contact, a half smile, a 'thanks for coming' on our way out.
We're done.
The Lake Las Vegas economy is a fragile one.
There's usually not a lot going on out there, unless there's a concert or other special event.
It will take a massive turnaround for this place to stay open.
There are many needs to address.

Despite the very classy and elegant feel of this place, the stuff are completely down to earth and tell it as it is.
For someone that doesn't know which wine to try or taste, that behavior is gold.
Not for the snobbish, 'on the pedestal' person.
Extremely knowledgeable group of people and great food with a killer view of the lake.
A nice hidden treasure that many take for granted.

Every place I looked it said they'd be open, drove half hr out here to eat and they're closed.
Poor advertising.

We discovered this place on our last day of boating on Lake Mead.
It did look closed & deserted.
But we persisted.
We loved the ambience, and the food was the best we had during our trip.
Our waiter was John and he was very gracious and attentive.
Hope this place is still there when we go back.

