This Starbucks is small, clean, and has interesting things for sale- iTunes music download cards, coffeepots, mugs of all kinds, CDs- your normal Starbucks experience.
It's always been clean during my visits, and I've never seen it crowded.
They have outdoor tables, which are nice this time of the year (autumn).
Starbucks strives to make all of their stores equally enjoyable so you pretty much have the same experience in any of them.
The main complaint I read about small Starbucks stores is long lines in a tiny space during those gotta-have-coffee rush hours.
I avoid coming here during those times!

Fast, friendly service...I need to get in and get out with my coffee and this place does a great job...keep it up!

Best staff by far!
They are always smiling and even know my drink order!

I like this Starbucks, a lot!
The service there has vastly improved there over the last 12 months.
The staff is friendly, knowledgable and they don't make you feel bad if you use a coupon (some of the other locations do!).
I love the gift selection they have too, and if they are out of something they will call other stores for you to find the item and then have the other store hold it for you.
Customer service, while a dying art at other retailers, is alive and well at this Starbucks location.

I love this place!!!
I go here almost every morning and I am always greated with such nice staff and they always remember my order.
They make my morning!

Perfect for the morning java...just wish their pastry selection was more consistent...

Great starbucks.

I must have gone to this Starbucks location on the wrong day because I did not have nearly the same experience like my fellow yelp reviewers below.
I usually get an iced green tea latte.
At first I was shocked at the abnormally fast service.
I had just ordered my drink and they were already calling it at the end of the bar.
When I picked up my drink it looked just like it tasted... horrible.
They put the macha powder (green tea powder) on top of the drink and didn't even bother mixing it!
I also regretted wearing white that day because  the power was all over the top of the lid and around the cup and got all over my shirt.
I went to use the bathroom to clean my shirt off and there were no paper towels or toilet paper!
Although I didn't have a great experience at this location I'm hoping that this was just an off day and will probably give them another shot.
I did on the other hand enjoy studying there.
There is a lot of seating, outlets for your computers and it is right across UNLV.

As much as I love this place, the service has gone WAY down hill.
There are several new baristas and very few of them have personalities.
I don't expect them to know my name or even my drink but I do expect a hello or even a smile.
Get back to the basics ladies.

There are hundreds of Starbucks' all over town but this particular one is my favorite.
I have never had a problem there and the employees are very friendly!
They have a comfortable seating area and a calm setting which is exactly what I like in the morning.

Hit or miss on the friendliness of staff.
I've had really awesome people there, And I've had people who didnt look or speak to me the whole time they were taking my drink order.
Otherwise, this location really needs a drive through.
Not much parking for location being in busy area.

Good coffee and nice staff!
A nice place to and have a cup of coffee after have a poor dinner at the Sushi place next store!

constantly busy but the staff is pretty quick with your drinks.
I always get a simple ice coffee with hazelnut, however some days the coffee just doesn't taste right so I suggest don't go for ice just get a regular cup of coffee.

I was at this Starbucks a week ago for some coffee and some free wifi.
The coffee was better than the Starbucks coffee at the Luxor.
Plus it was cheaper.
Haha.
Now, the wifi is what got me to give this Starbucks a 5 star review.
I live in Southern California and i go to Starbucks on the daily for coffee and to do homework on my laptop.
I had my laptop with me on my trip to Vegas and decided to log on to this places wifi.
This place gots the google wifi!No more att wifi that's slow and all.
It's a matter of time for all Starbucks to have google providing the wifi but id like to note that this Starbucks has it and I had  experienced first hand to my delight.

I love this place this girls are very friendly.
I stop by here before I go to caked next door to get the best cronuts in Vegas.
After u grab ur coffee stop by and try these cronuts it's a winner.

Well they have 50% off frapps  till May 10th not bad for an after work treat only during the hours of 3 pm to 5pm.
I would do it everyday, but I am watching my calorie count and sugar intake.
so this is a real treat for me.

Great friendly service!
Drinks tasted perfect!

