It is my suggestion that you avoid Addison Landscape.
We worked with them and were very dissatisfied.
The contract was signed, and then into the project, Joe Fraser begged us to pay more because he underestimated the contract and he was going to get in big trouble with his boss.
So, we ended up paying double.
The workmanship was poor.
His guys didn't like to work very hard.
The job took them twice as long, as a result.
They have a one year warranty, but it's difficult to get them back out to your place.
At first, it was a week, then two weeks.
Many no-show, no-calls.
Always one excuse after another.
Vines were and still are dead, trellises were falling down , which they finally fixed after hounding him for a month.
Then another trellise fell and they had to fix that.
They sealed some treated wood, but didn't do all of them.
They didn't follow our plan, which had dimensions and the whole bit.
Joe Fraser thought the planter beds should be square instead.
We made him redo them, because we wanted them according to the plan.
Plus, the was Joe Fraser did them, there was no space to walk in front of it.
My last contact was over two months ago.
Still no call, no contact whatsoever.
The remaining fixes will end up being out of our pocket to find someone else to fix Joe Fraser's mistakes.
Never again!
I hope you don't use him.
It will just be a disappointment, and a costly mistake too!

I previously reviewed Addison Landscape poorly.
I received a phone call from the owner.
He was not aware of the problems I was having with our project.
He wants to fix everything to my satisfaction.
He looked at our yard this afternoon and will be back next week to start on the repairs.
So happy!
I will keep you posted!

Yes, I have wrote negative reviews for this company previously.
Everything has been worked out to my satisfaction.
It took a bit do to a misunderstanding but all is resolved and I am a happy customer.
Will be hiring them again to do additional work in the Spring.
Joe has really stepped up with everything I have asked and his response time is immediate.
Thank you again Joe...I know I am tough and picky but you have handled it like a man!

I came across these guys while they were working on another site.
The job looked decent & I wanted some very basic work done.
Remove existing rock, replace existing rock with new, break down a small walkway and replace with a small area for grass.
They team poured the old rock into the area for the new grass and covered it up with a layer of dirt and sod.
I know this, because over the last 2 years I have been replacing the sod and removing the rock.
I ultimately have had to replace several plants and sod over the last 2 years on my own.
Lots of enthusiasm and promises up front.
Nonexistent follow-up to fix issues after the fact - even though promised before and during the job.
Very dissapointing.
Would not recommend.

I have received nothing but exceptional work and service from Addison Landscape.
I dealt directly with Addison the owner and he thoroughly answered all of our questions and ensured our project was complete on time.
From start to finish Addison was professional, courteous and exceeded our expectations.
I will recommend this company to friends and will hire them again for future work.

We had a great experience with Addison Landscapes.
They transformed our backyard into a beautiful tranquil space.
Joe Fraser and all of the workers were very professional.
I would highly recommend them.

We had an 11:00 appointment with these guys and at 10:55 they call to say they can't come until 2:00.
We even stressed that today was the only day we're available when we made the appointment.
If we're starting out with service this poor, we'll pass.

