I had a cleaning service that did an ok job but then never showed up one day.
I spoke to a friend of mine who recommended Kimberly's Kleaning Services.
I spoke with Kimberly herself and she came out the next day to clean my home.
Not only did she come to clean my home but her company always does one special project to make your home sparkle.
When I walked into my home I have never seen it so clean...then I looked at my couch and they actually vacummed the couch where it then looked brand new.
It was an unbelievable experience to come home from a long day and have my house feel like a model home....and best of all they come back every 3 weeks with a new project to make our home sparkle!
kirsten

I have been using Kimberly's Kleaning for over 5 years.
Kimberly is always very accommodating to my schedule and I have always found her employees to be extremely professional and trustworthy.
They do an excellent job each and every time and leave my house looking spotless.
And not only are the services high quality, but very reasonably priced too.
Give yourself a well deserved break and hire Kimberly's Kleaning.

Today was the first time we used Kimberly's Kleaning.
They did a fantastic job!
The baseboards are dustless, the area around the toilet is spotless, our chrome has shone like never before.
They even got the smudgy handprints off our stainless steel appliances.
They even followed our request to have the coffee table cleaned only with Pledge.
Their prices are fantastic!
We are definitely using this service over and over again!
Please tell your friends about Kimberly's Kleaning!

Our place is immaculate!
They were quick, reliable, honest, inexpensive and the customer service was great.
I will be sending them regular business.

I used Kimberly's Kleaning last month for the first time, and just scheduled another appointment for them to come back this month!
It was the first time I've ever had someone else clean my home, and they did a fabulous job!
They showed up right on scdedule, and stayed until the work was complete.
Their prices are excellent!
They did a better  job than if I did it myself!
I would gladly recommend them to anyone!

I really wanted this cleaning service to be the one for us.
Unfortunately, it will not.
I can't believe what happened to us after reading all the good on Yelp.
Upon setting up the first cleaning, I was told to go buy a special mop from Smart & Final.
I asked if my current microfiber mop from Don Aslett would suffice.
No, they preferred this special terry cloth blue mop from Smart & Final so it is only used in my home and so on...blah, blah, blah....
So I went and purchased this cheap, special what turned out to be microfiber mop.
Anyway, the two ladies from Kimberly's came in on 9/4 and cleaned and within 2 hours were done.
Great.
Thank you, here's the payment and see you in two weeks.
Or so I thought.
On a side note, I gave them the special mop and they showed me the mop they had brought in and low and behold, they didn't even use my special mop.
On Saturday 9/15, I get a call from Kimberly stating that the crew she sent felt rushed while cleaning and now to clean it would be over two hours and the cost would significantly go up, by either $30 or $50 depending on how long it takes them to clean and not feel rushed.
Really?
They felt rushed?
I couldn't believe it.
We have a 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath home.
Our previous cleaning service got the entire home clean with 2 people in less than 2 hours, usually an hour and 45 minutes.
It wasn't that they did a terrible job that we had to get rid of them, it was an issue with one of them charging their cell phone in my charger without my permission and mistakenly leaving it at my home plugged in that did me in.
They tried to tell me they thought it was my phone and they plugged it into the charger on my behalf.
Sorry, not buying that.
I didn't even ask Kimberly's crew to clean two of the bedrooms and one of the full baths, and yet they still felt rushed?
Unbelievable.
Kimberly said with cleaning under the beds and all my other special requests, it was just too much for less than two hours.
Cleaning under the beds?
Special requests?
Is dusting the ceiling fans (2 of them) such a special request?
I think not.
The master bed is on a platform you cannot vacuum under it without moving the entire bed - which they did not.
And I didn't ask them to clean the guest bedroom and attached bath because no one uses it.
It is only myself and my husband in this home and we are pretty clean and tidy individuals.
We pick everything up prior to the cleaning and even go so far as to take most of the items off the counters in the kitchen and bath for them.
We don't even have any dining room furniture.
On a side note, I had to take some stainless appliance cleaner to the range hood after they left because it was sticky and was showing streaks.
Kimberly did apologize for the late notice (I guess the crew was late in telling her they felt rushed) and told me she would talk to the ladies again and get back to me on Monday, 9/17.
She also suggested maybe getting a different crew in to validate the amount of time to clean my house.
I decided to put our cleaning on hold until we get the time and amount issue straightened out.
What concerns me the most is that here it is Wednesday, 9/19 and Kimberly hasn't called me back yet.
Jobs must be plentiful and I must not be important enough for a follow-up call.
Feels like we are getting the old bait and switch pulled on us.
I guess the search for a cleaning service is still on.

Hello:  Kimberly's Kleaning has been cleaning my home for approx.
3 years.
They have done a great job.
I have a 3300 sq.ft.
home and I am always relieved when I come home after 'cleaning day'.
It is important to keep in mind sq.
footage vs. bed/bath qty.
like the review from Lori L.  Time spent is related to size of home, not qty.
of rooms.
Also, sorry....but I would think expecting a crew to lift your mattress to vacuum underneath is definitely beyond standard service.
All I can say is that I have high expectations for my home and I have been happy.

Awesome job!
We moved into a house recently, during the final walk through we found the house was left in horrible condition!
Called Kimberly and she was able to get someone out the next day so the place would be clean while we moved in.
They did an awesome job and for a very reasonable price!
I've had several cleaning services over the years but I have to say this was by far the best service.
I will be calling again.

Kimberly's has cleaned my home several times and have to say that they dio an amazing job.
Prompt, professional, friendly and quick.
And, when you call Kimberly's you actually speak with the owner which is a bonus in itself.

I used Kimberly's Kleaning for the first time today and loved them!
We were moving out of our home and had a million things to do today.
Kimberly (the owner) was incredibly accommodating and even added an extra woman to make sure that the job was completed in time for our final walk through.
Sadly, we are leaving town and cannot use them again, but I've already recommended this company to others.
Thank you for a job well done!

Great company!!!!
I have used Kimberly's for years.
They always do a great job and my wife loves her girls as they are happy to be doing what they do and always go over and above what's expected.
On multiple occasions I have had to call Kimberly as company called and "happen to be in town" or a holiday party was put together at the last minute and a compete cleaning was needed ASAP and every time she found a way to fit me in to her busy schedule.
If you want a great company with people who care and go above and beyond what's expected give her a try.
You will not be disappointed .
Kimberly really tries to provide the best service possible.
I have Reffered her to multiple friends and everyone is happy to have such an attentive company on call when needed.
Thanks Kimberly, keep up the good work!!

Awesome workers the two girls came in and cleaned literally everything made my house spotless, they were non stop hardworking no breaks just cleaned and cleaned.
I would def use this company again and recommend it.

First of all, I admit I try to keep my house tidy but I don't always succeed.
But when I had Kimberly's Kleaning come & help me out I was crazy impressed.
My furniture shined like it was brand new - which it is far from.
Our home was built in 1988 & still has some original fixtures.
I thought that I would get a clean house but what I ended up was a house that could have passed as a model home.
I read the previous review regarding providing a special mop.
I have laminate, tile & carpet, and didn't need to provide any equipment or cleaning solution.
They did a GREAT job.
I will be using Kimberly's Kleaning on a regular basis.

Ok yelpers, my first experience with Kimberly's kleaning today and I was definitely very satisfied.
My house looks brand new!
We have multiple dogs in the house and a microfiber couch.
I don't know how they were able to get the couch so immaculate!
Also, the water out here is so hard...
The glass frame for our shower was getting that cloudy white stuff and they managed to make it look like new!
The simple little things made me very happy with their service.
Will definitely use this company again!

I had Kimberly's team clean my house yesterday, because my Mom is coming to town and I didn't have time to do as good of a clean as I would like.
They did a GREAT job in just two hours.
I was worried with a time limit, they may drag their feet and not finish everything.
But, I was WRONG!
I have a sofa upstairs that sucks the fur off our long hair cat and they cleaned it to look like new.
I will be using them again in the future without a doubt and have even recommended them to my friends.
Thank you Kimberly and your team!!

I'll start with one word "FANTASTIC".
I've been using Kimberly and her team of professional, attentive and honest house cleaners for over 3 years and they are second to none.
Highly recommended!

Kimberly's Kleaning came to my house before a shower and celebration.
They were here on time and spent 3 hours cleaning my house.
They were very friending and my house was spotless.
They never stopped working.
I would recommend them and plan on using them again.

Called Kimberley at 8:00 in the morning and got a quick response time to get the cleaning done the same day.
They did deep cleaning on the apartment we were moving out of and left everything spotless as if it were brand new!
Not to mention they were able to do all this with the electricity out.
Will definitely be using them again in the near future for our home.
Thank you guys for your efficiency!

To whom it may concern:  Kimberly's Kleaning came on time and did a good job.
Their staff was friendly and respectful to the people they had to work around to get the job done.

Kimberly's Kleaning does great work.
They were communicative, punctual and I would pay a few dollars extra ($10 travel fee) for them to come back again and again.

