Expensive and pizza sucks!

Grabbed a bite on our way to the park.
Got a mushroom and spinach pizza and chicken tenders covered in hot sauce.
The hot sauce was good, but the pizza was just ok...

We've been ordering from Manhattan Pizza for over a year now.
The staff is always super friendly and yesterday I had the pleasure of speaking with the owner's wife... she was such a sweetheart.
The pizza is fabulous...great dough and they are always generous with the toppings.
They need to bottle their ranch.
It's sooooo gooooood.

We ordered pizza last night from here, we got a large which looked a little small, more like a medium and was about $20+ after delivery, tip, etc and it was gone super quick!
I found it overpriced, the pizza was ok, I think dominoes for $5.99 and new recipe is a better deal!
And it took almost an hour to get to us!
Not Impressed!

Great service.
Looks like a family business done by Greeks (they also have gyros).
They were really friendly and cool people.
I had a Philly cheesesteak and the meat and cheese were perfect.
Extra hot sauce to top it off.
The bread was a bit dry, but with a side of fries for $6.95 you can't go wrong.
My friend got a basic cheeseburger and it was huge and tasty for $5.95.
Definitely worth a quick bite if you're in the area.

If you are living in the area or visiting for a day, Manhattan Pizza III has some pretty fantastic coupons online.
Now note the fact that I said "coupon" because normally that word makes me cringe.
I am frugal (sometimes) yes, but I have never been a coupon queen.
However, it was brought to my attention that you can get 2 XL 1-topping pizzas AND a 2-liter bottle of soda for..*drum roll please*..
$19.99!!
I don't know about you but that's a pretty fantastic deal!
Now, lets talk about the food.
Their interpretation of NYC, or "Manhattan" pizza is pretty comparable to other pizza joints that TRY their best to replicate the all and mighty East Coast Pizza.
It's a fair try, they certainly make it large enough, the cheese is similar, my only gripe is the pizza crust is a little on the thick side (for NY style pizza) and the sauce is just a tad too sweet.
Would I order it again, ABSOLUTELY!
The price is right and it's not any more special than Villa Pizza and it's half the cost.
Hope this review helps, enjoy!

I've ordered pizza here for years.
It's good, friendly service, quick delivery, and it's down the street.
It's not greesy like Napoli's and the crust is amaZING!
I love this place and will order from here always.
They have tons of other items on the menu but I've always just gotten the pizza.

I ordered delivery since I just moved to Henderson from Spring Valley and was trying to establish a new pizza place.
I read the reviews but thought it can't be that bad.
Ordered a cheese pizza with sausage my kids thought was good.
I would have tried it but I was so disappointed with the salty philly cheese with the hard to chew bread.
The wings were overcooked.
The fries were ok.
I should have stuck with Dominos.

I called at 8:30 to place a delivery order.
After nearly 2 minutes, someone finally answered the phone.
As I began to place an order, he cut me off and told me that they were closing in 25 minutes.
This would have been my first time ordering from this store, but now they will never have my business.
They even tried to win my business by putting a door hanger on my front door.
It is stupid that they ask for my business and then deny me when I call.
I gather Manhattan pizza 2 and the first one didn't make it due to unprofessional practice.
Anyway, this my post due to their failure to provide service.

Huge fan of their Hawaiian pizza :D I order from here all the time and the food and service is always great.

Food was fair...  Service was poor.
Driver forgot 1/3 of our order and blamed it on the restaurant.
70 minutes later the driver shows again with the wrong stuff.
Call the restaurant, they only make excuses and blame the driver.
STILL no satisfaction.

ordered white cheese pizza and some wings.
Pizza  was delicious, portion control was good, not to greasy.
Wings were cooked correctly, I asked for them to be crispy and I got them crispy.
All in all the food was great and I will be back.
I hear the service is poor, I did not see that.
The two men were busy and taking care of business.

First of all...
I NEVER get anything delivered.
IMO, delivery is just as bad as drive-thru service: They're bound to get something wrong.
With that said, I think this place is going to be in my regular rotation.
I found them using my Eat 24 app.
I ordered using the app also, so I don't know how ordering over the phone is.
I used the coupon for a medium three-topping pizza and a 2 liter pop.
The pizza was pretty good.
It was a medium, but I would have called it a large size.
We had peperoni, meatball, and mushroom.
The inner crust was thin while the outer portion of the crust was a little thicker and had some substance to it.
The sauce, cheese, and toppings were all good.
My only complaint is the mushrooms were canned.
They were fine, but I prefer fresh.
This is a small neighborhood joint.
The owners seem nice and friendly.
If you live in the area, you should check it out.

What this place does to pizza shouldn't be done to dog food.
I admit, I can be a pizza snob.
I like Rosati's and the more authentic ma and pop places.
But I'm also fine if I have to settle for Pizza Hut, or in a real jam, Dominos.
But this place takes the prize for truly the worst pizza I have ever had.
I'm counting the cheap frozen pizzas into this.
Seriously, avoid.
Very bad.
Very, very, very bad.

The sauce here is what makes the pizza pretty good; the service is whatever and their gyros are so-so.
Their "pick-up special" is great so if you don't want to spend a lot of money, give that a try.

It was juts ok but I'm picky with my pizza.
The sauce had a weird after taste.
The cheese was weird.
The staff was kind of rude.
Eh.
Pizza Hut is better.

They leave coupons on my door all the time.
I called to order one day and they said the delivery costs extra because I live far away.
I'm only 6 streets down!

I will provide a caveat in that I live in the neighborhood, and Manhattan's is a 5-10 minute walk when I want a pizza.
The management has always shown me terrific customer service, even when I phone in a take-out order at 10 minutes before closing, because they know I'll come running to pick up my pies.
The pizza is not the the most flavorful.
But it's not greasy and really not bad.
But it's 4-star convenient!
When I want a $5 Large takeout pizza late Saturday night and I "shouldn't" drive, I know I can call in and grab one of these.
And it will always be hot, fresh, and satisfying when I want cheap pizza to balance out weekend beverages ;)  I've tried their burger/fries combo and their gyro combo as well.
The veggies were fresh, and everything was okay.
But it's the cheap, hot, and fast pizza that earns this place my loyalty.

If you order delivery  from here DO NOT do it online (Eat 24)...CALL them!
I recently looked at my past orders & noticed that I've been overcharged by $4-$5 bout 5 out 7 times.
Our pizza is ALWAYS so greasy and cold...they never remember ranch for the chicken fingers... onion rings are soggy and have never been more than 5.
I once waited an hour 20 for cold food!
Then an additional 40 minutes for our 2 liter and ranch.
Last time, I ordered Sprite and they gave us Squirt.
This used to be our pizza place but we're just tired of calling after the past 6 x's.
It used to be sooooo good too!

Pizza was ok, not great.
The reason for one one star is as follows...
I called and asked if they still had the five dollar large pizza.
They replied yes that they did.
So I ordered one pepperoni and then another half pepperoni and half Hawaiian.
The total came to $16.
I told them I thought the pizzas were five dollars?
They said it was extra for the Hawaiian.
I said they didn't tell me that on the phone.
I specifically asked about the five dollar pizza.
They should've mentioned that.
So they charged me 6  dollars for a half Hawaiian which was clearly a rip off.
And the large pizza is more like a medium.
Will stick with Little Caesars.

That is sucks doubble price for delivry .
I only 1 mile far im at work so i cant leave my job , that's realy sucks

I've ordered many times through the eat24 app to have delivered to my office because we're just up the street.
The last time I ordered, they told me that their lunch specials had changed a year ago and they no longer included a soda when I had ordered a couple months before and received the soda.
The manager was very rude on the phone yet I still said we'd keep the order and expected the delivery within the hour like it was stated.
Shortly after, I received an email from eat24 that our order had been canceled.
I will no longer be ordering from here.

Very good lil mom and pop pizza shop.
Can't beat the combo prices !
Give it a try if you around neighborhood.

I've been going to this place almost 6years.
I only order a handful of things.
Manhattan Calzone (VERY HUGE!
) 10" meat express Gyro Hot wings  This is the only pizza place I like bc it has flavor.
Every topping contributes to every flavorful bite.
Something I can't get in a commercial chain.
The only thing is THEY SAY ground beef is apart of the ingredients but they never put it in there.
(I'm glad), so I usually say, "No ground beef, add tomatoes".
Well.....he charges me extra for that.
Beef cost waaaay more than a few chopped tomatoes!
Also, if you pay attention,  they kinda make up their own prices on that register.
I've saved my receipts, ordered the same thing and they always differ by atleast 50cents.
I still like their food.
Plus the cook always checks me out.
That's usually when my bill is less.
Haha.

I was over charged, for a mistake that was made by them, while getting an attitude, for mediocre food....
I've worked in a little pizza place similar to this one... (Food was a little bit tastier, but that's not the reason for the one star rating.
) I mentioned working at a pizza place because I know how people can be and how much it sucks to make a mistake.
But Im also aware as to how easy it is to just smile and be nice to people regardless if a mistake was made or if they were rude or kind.... Well, there is this older guy that works the register, and he has the worst attitude- any other time I've put my order in it's been two large pizzas one cheese one pepperoni, two 2liters and two ranches for roughly $12/$13... And regardless if the order is right and the transaction goes smooth- this guy still has the worst attitude.
Well tonight I walk up to the shop to get my order and it's $1 cheaper than usual, and I also get only one pizza handed to me....
So I told him that my roommate had ordered two pizzas...
He tells me no he only ordered the one.
I then apologize to him and suggest that maybe it was a misunderstanding and to give me a moment to make sure- I called my roommate, he assures me two pizzas were ordered, as per usual.
I tell the man yes sir two pizzas were ordered; one cheese and one pepperoni- he then tells me again, no just one pizza was ordered and that the guy ordered, "a pizza with cheese and pepperoni"..... Now usually most pizzas come with cheese as a given, or if I wasn't sure I would have kindly asked the customer to repeat what they had said - (where I worked we read back the order at the end of the call anyway, just to make sure it was what they ordered)...
He maintains that one pizza was ordered...
I asked him if I could please just have the other pizza.....
So while telling me that most people that order from them "they ask for a pizza with cheese and pepperoni" he then tells me it's going to be a 7 minute wait, which I'm fine with because fresh food is the best, but then he charges me -on top of the original $11.50- another $5.50 for the "extra pizza"......
I ended up apologizing for the misunderstanding- he made no apologies or attempt to make it better...  Now I'm not sure if there is a mistake fee the customer has to pay or we just got charged extra for the extra awesome attitude- but this sucks and I wish I would have caught it before I walked home and my roommate pointed it out to me.
I know the difference is only a couple bucks, but it makes a difference when you're trying to watch your money...
The attitude was just the icing on the cake I guess... $17 for mediocre food and extra wait time....
I don't understand?

Ordered BBQ wings and Bread sticks, the kids didn't feel like pizza.
The delivery took well over an hour.
The wings were tough and piled with an unnecessary amount of sauce.
The Bread sticks were ok.  My daughter referred to the wings as un edible and asked me to please never order there again.
Since we didn't get our order until 930 pm I wasn't going to complain.

