Office staff was nice, I was in and out in less than a half hour.
Dr was knowledgable and professional.

This place was great.
Had to wait a little bit, but it was like 20 minutes tops.
The staff is really, really nice and the doctor was great.
I went in for a skin cancer check and nothing else.
Dr. Del Rosso was great, had a great sense of humor and was very thorough.
Even checked the bottom of my feet (never had a derm do that before).
Highly recommend.

These people could give a rats ass about you.
Ok Ok the girl at the check in was very sweet but that's where it stopped.
First I walked in to what seemed like a cattle call.
Mass amounts of people in the waiting room, never a good sign.
And yes, I waited 40 minutes past my appointment time.
Then a grouchy nurse/assistant called me to the room and acted annoyed by what I was there for when I clearly stated it when I made the appointment.
Finally Dr. Bellue (not spelt correct) comes in to the room.
Uhh....did I just wait for that long to be quickly passed over by this doctor who's talking to me like a 2 year old??
Seriously she spent 2 minutes with me and then ran out before I could even ask questions.
Now I'm an assertive person so she had to be quick to get past me.
I would NEVER return or suggest this place to anyone.
Did I mention that to make an appointment you have to call some generic number where it takes them forever just to place you in the location you want??
Ya, pure joy as you can see.
DO NOT bother.

What a waste of time.
I took two hours off of work to come get a mole removed only to be told once I got there that they could only look at it (even thought it was cosmetic) and I would have to reschedule and pay again to have it removed because the Dr. was running behind.
This was after they called less than 24 hours before my scheduled appt.
to ask if I could come in 45 minutes early.
I saw Dr. Bellew who never came back in the room after she was in there for 5 minutes.
Dont waste your time if your insurance pays for a different place.

I scheduled a "new patient" annual skin cancer check with Dr. Kim.
They told me not to change into a gown, that I would be fine in my clothes.
So, the doctor came in and told me that they recommend a "head-to-toe" check every year.
I told her that is what I was there for.
She proceeded to check my arms and legs....while I was fully clothed.
Then she left the room and a nurse came in and told me to come back in a year.
REALLY?
What about my back, neck and all other parts covered by my clothes???
Now I have to find a competent dermatologist and go through it again.
What a waste of time.
I am filing a complaint with my insurance company to dispute the charge, since I didn't actually get a true skin cancer check.

Well, if you have to go through something like this, I would recommend Dr. Del Rosso and his nurses.
My surgery was right in front of my face because it was on my chest right where your necklace hangs.
The nurses Lisa and Tess actually held my hand occasionally and the Dr who is an expert in MOHS .. you have to look his credentials up, well they talked to me about Disneyland princesses and movies and mud runs and anything to keep my mind off of it, and they did a great job of numbing me up.
I only wish my stitches and wound was less ugly, but the cancer is gone and thats what matters..

I moved here to the Las Vegas area and needed a dermatologist.
I went to LV Skin & Cancer Clinic and was very disappointed.
I wanted a mole removed from my chest, it has definitely changed over time, and I've been concerned.
I showed the doctor and she tells me that she doesn't want to give me a scar!
Honestly, she seemed afraid to remove the mole!
I had a couple more on my stomach and she said they didn't look too bad and we should leave them and i should come back in 6 - 9 months!!
Now one of them is a little scabby and I need to find a good dermatologist that will do her/his job and remove it.
I've had this type of thing before and I know what to look for.
These have abnormal borders, are very dark, the whole scenario...
Anyway, so much for finding a great dermatologist, the search continues!

What's it take to see a doctor here?
I've been rescheduled on 4 times now!

Doctor Del Rosso was great.
he too the time to listen to me and froze off a wart no problem, even said if he didn't get all of it to come again next month.
The huge problem... the office staff and their unprofessionalism and ruddiness.
I waited over an hour to see the doctor with a full office!
Thats not the worst part, the staff which should be about 3 maybe 4 persons at the check in/ out dest was 5 and just having a good old time.
They laughed it up talking and giggling, talking loud like it was a hang out at a high school.
Than when I go to check out, the girl says they want to see me in 6 months.
As stated above, the doctor said 1 month if I needed so I asked her why?
"Well sir..the thing you just did sir...you don't have to come back if you don't want to " with a stuck up tone.
Believe me I wont..
I hope doctor Del Rosso can get a better staff, its a shame.

Non compliant!
Been waiting for my refill since Sept 26, 2013.
My pharmacy been faxing them a refill order and i been calling them for a weeks and i even gave my pharmacy fax number.
I work in the medical field aswell but i am not like that to my patients... "just saying" to refill prescrption at least take 72hrs!
Last time they didnt prep my chart good they dnt have my lab result which is done two weeks prior to my appt and they said i didnt doit so im the one who called the labcorp in front of them to fax it in the office..."JUSTSAYING" again... Oh yah i paid my copay lol

The front desk staff is consistently less than pleasant.
Arrive at 0730 for a 0745 appt and not taken back until 0810.
Can't imaging they're backed up already on their first appts of the morning.
While waiting, I notice numerous patients at the counter are put off by attitude or snide comments at the check in.
On the way out, billing was a perfect match to the front desk staff.
Simple questions don't really need to be answered with attitude.
All in all, kind of a shame because the medical staff is always very nice and helpful.

Thanks Dr. Herman!
He is awesome!
With a combination of medications, my iall over body tching stopped immediately.
Very persistent in getting to the root of the problem.
Now, I'm almost allergy ....

I primarily visit the Seven Hills location, but I have been to both the S Rancho and S Buffalo locations as well.
I'll just cover all three.
Seven Hills: I've been told that this is the busiest location.
Last minute appointments have been difficult to get, hence my visits to the other locations.
The waiting room is almost always full.
The office staff is mostly nice, though a couple people have attitudes.
I see Steven Hawkes, who seems less busy than the doctor.
Last time I was there, a patient was pissed off about the long wait, one that he had gone through multiple times.
I've never had that issue.
S Rancho: amazing.
Amazing staff, amazing doctor.
No wait, not crowded, but it's a bit if a drive for me.
S Buffalo: again, amazing.
One negative, however, is that they are right next to the SSA, and there is a huge line extending into the parking lot in the morning.

Susan Kim.
Everything you read about this doctor is completely true!
She was the worst "doctor" I've ever come in contact with.
I wish I had more to say about her, but she was in and out of the room so fast, I hardly had any interaction with her!
Before I had the chance to ask her any questions, she was out the door, leaving me with the nurse to answer my questions.
Gr8.
She clearly couldn't be bothered with me.
Not only was she completely unhelpful and barely looked at my skin from ACROSS THE ROOM, she prescribed me the WRONG medication for it, similar to other Yelp reviews with people having the same experiences.
Please stay away from this clinic.
I'm seriously so upset that I wasted $30 copay on this appointment.
:'(

I had a referral to see a dermatologist, but my "Consultation" visit was about 3 minutes in-n-out of the room with the physician's assisant!!
How is that okay?
You cannot charge for a consultation if you don't care enough to look at the lesion for longer than a second.
I'm sorry, but this is not how you make a patient feel comfortable about a procedure he/she is about to get done.
I tried to get a second appointment and actually see an MD, because I thought I was being ripped off by having to pay for that short visit, but they were not helpful, so I just decided to get this procedure done elsewhere.

Not again!
Nurse call me two days ago saying they have my lab result.
And now im here in the clinic been waiting for almost an hr saying i dont have my result yet!!!
I think they need to to talk to their Medical Assistant whoz prepping the chart or EMR who does the scanning prior to the appointment.

Lesson learned!
Do not ignore bad reviews.
(overwhelming bad reviews at that) These people really do not care about their patients.
This is the only place that accepts HMO so I guess that's why they think they can treat people like this.
I have cancelled my next appt.
and will pay out of pocket to go to another place!
SHAME SHAME SHAME on them.

