I admit it, one of my guilty pleasures is fast food.
I try my best to stay away from these joints, but I can't help it every once in a while.
This Jack In The Box location is most convenient because it's a few blocks away from my house.
I like coming here because it's at the gas station I use the most and the drive thru is usually pretty fast.
The food is always hot and fresh and I've never had any issues with taste.
My most recent visit, I ordered a Big Cheeseburger and a Bottle of Water.
Simple order, but one of my fav's.
It was as tasty as a JITB Burger can be.
It did the job.....filled my tummy.
Will I return?
Unfortunately, yes.

I'm here a lot, it's right around the corner from me.
The food is always correct,hot,fresh and the staff is always friendly.

Every time I come here the ask me to "pull around" after taking my money.
No, give me my food now or give me back my money.
The looks you get after saying this is amusing, they don't know what to do, and what do you know?
My food pops right out!
Thank you sir may I have another

I just went to this particular jack in the box, which used to be my favorite because they had great customer service.
Not only did they give me the wrong shake, when I got home I took a drink and water bug shell was in my mouth.
After swirling it with my straw I could see the entire bug was mixed in.
I will never go here again.
I am so disgusted.

Would give 5 stars to the people who work here- Always friendly and nice.
As far as the food, it pretty good but not amazing- not a knock against this store particularly.
Very efficient and convenient for me.
Keep up the good work and bring back the All American combo- great value!

Omg freaking terrible!!!!
Don't ever eat here EVER!!!
pulled up asked for the 1st thing I wanted .....they were out..... 2nd backup..... they were out..... and finally the third thing as a double backup they had it but not the sauce I goes with..... didn't have my side item jap poppers.... didn't have my drink..... dr. Pepper.... wtf do you have?!?!?!?!?!
Your a chain restaurant u should have everything all the time..... that means 1 thing....
The MANAGER IS AN IDIOT AND DOESNT KNOW HOW TO ORDER!!!!
Go to another jack in the box.
This one is terrible.
Crappy customer service too

