Dr. Matt Paige is the best.
His adjustments & neuro-emotional therapy has done wonders for me!

Dr. Greenawalt and Dr. Paige are great!
I go to both of them and have for several years.
BodyTalk is also wonderful and whether you like it or not - it will help.
MORE chiropractors and doctors should study BodyTalk.
It has definitely helped me and at age 57, I manage to avoid all but one prescription medication and that I only take as needed for muscle spasms.

I just want to say to say that Dr. Timothy Dutt at Greenwalt Chiropractic has been a life saver and has become a very trusted and respected Family Chiropractor.
I first went to see him in March 2010 due to a back injury.
I was very hesitant due to bad experiences with other chiropractors.
I was VERY pleased to learn that he practiced Body Talk and Muscle Testing as well as Chiropractic.
He was able to help me and my family.
Since then, my entire family have become loyal patients of his.
I am most indebted to Dr. Dutt for his help and care during my pregnancy and with my 2 year old.
With Body Talk, he was able to see me atleast once a month throughout my very difficult pregnancy.
I recommend him to everyone I know.
I am extremely thankful that we have him in our lives.

Dr Paige is a wonderful caring, gentle Doctor.
He spends time with you and you never feel like you are being rushed.
He has helped me over the last few years with a chronic problem and his staff always do their  best to get me in when I need to see him.
I really appreciate all he has done for me and would highly recommend him.
Thank you Dr Paige!

Greenwalt was a kook.
I wasted a half hour with him.
He did crack my neck which felt better but he is into kniesiology and acted like he was psychic.
It was just bizarre.
You'll spend more time talking about nonsense than him actually doing something.

I have seen Dr Greenawalt for several years now.
I enjoy all my appointments with him and find it beneficial for my everyday life.
Dr Greenawalt specializes in alternative approach; body talk and neurolink, which I completely rave about.

Thank you Dr. Matt Paige!
When I came in, I literally could not walk....and you adjusted my back in only 3 visits, and reassured me I would be ok!
You were right!
I was scared that I had a siatic nerve problem (like everyone told me they thought I had).
I thank GOD for you helping me.
Because I retired at a young 49 years old, but I still need to work,  Thank you for the referral to you from a young lady at Steinberg Diagnostic

