This is the kind of bar that alcoholics go to.
I mean, not that there's anything wrong with that, I just don't typically like to end my night by spilling beers in my lap like I saw some patrons doing here.
There's always nice cars parked in the lot, but I don't know who's driving them.
The food is pretty gnarly, but I mean, it's bar food.
It was really salty.
If you want drinks with any haste, I'd recommend going to the bar to order them.
We sat in a booth and the bartender was making a point to ignore and otherwise tick off our waiter.
It's a small place, and one in a million crappy sports bars in Vegas.
Also, they were inexplicably playing "Dancer in the Dark" on three of their TVs.
WTF?
That's like one of the saddest movies of all time.
It stars Bjork.
Really?
At a sports bar?

I hardly ever post reviews online, but I was so excited about this place when I discovered it, I just had to share.
I have been living in Vegas almost 3 years and have continuely been disappointed with the sports bar scene here.
Either it's major chain places like BW3's or dive video poker bars with no atmosphere and no one talking to each other.
This place is quite the opposite.
It is a real sports bar with real fans who know sports!
The speaker box at the table where you can tune into any game's sound is so clutch.
Prices are very reasonable.
The food is great!
We had the pizza and wings...both were amazing!

I've been here once before a long time ago with coworkers for lunch, had a salad that it was ok. And people at work rave about it.
So I decided, since its close to home, to take my teen aged boys.
Two of the boys had classic hamburgers, with that huge piece of green lettuce.
I like my burgers with shredded crisp lettuce.
The other boy order a pizza, which showed to be the best choice of the evening.
I however ordered the Chile Verde burrito, bad choice.
It came with rice and corn.
The rice was more like Rice a Roni out of a box and the corn from a can (low sodium) with no flavor.
So no flavor seems to be the theme because the burrito was no flavor/ bad flavor.
So I asked for salsa thinking this would cure it all.
But the salsa had no flavor, it taste just like tomato water.
Couldn't wait to get out of there but had to wait for the boys to eat.
So I excuse my self to the restroom, big mistake.
I am one of those people who wont go to a place if the bathroom isn't kept clean, and this is one of them.
If I had to go there again, I will make sure I order the pizza.

I've been here once before, about a year ago for a going away get together..
They have a pool table, golden tee, & touch screen games.
No complaints my first time :)  My second visit was last night/early this morning and my two friends & I were staarving!
We came in & I don't remember them having more than one golden tee.
There was two or three different versions of golden tee & the tv screens are 20 some inches big :O it looks awesome.. We wanted to play but we had to order some food first.
We shared the garlic knots & I ordered the philly cheesesteak.
The garlic knots were freakin amazing, it came with marinara sauce but there was a good amount of thick garlic sauce that the knots already had on it :9 I think that by itself could make you full.
The philly was really good too, lots of steak falling out of my hoagie & the fries were seasoned perfectly.
The other two ordered pizzas for each of them & I didn't want to bother asking for a slice because I knew I wasn't going to finish my philly.
We ended up getting tired & sleepy so we skipped out on the golden tee games & boxed up our food.
I know we're going to be back soon, Home Plate is a good bar with more than enough food for your appetite & plenty of games to hang out :) Oh!
and the bartender said when the football season starts they're going to play all of the games, so just a heads up!

We have been coming to Homeplate since it opened.
It always has great food and friendly staff.
Highly recommend.

Good Burgers.

I'm a fan of this place simply because of the bartenders.
My friend happens to know one of them fairly well, but looking around, it seems that they treat all of their patrons with the same generosity.
A couple of weekends ago, I watched some Sunday morning NFL here with said friend.
I ordered the 2-2-2, which is your basic 2 eggs, 2 bacon/sausage, 2 pancake deal.
They accidentally brought out the wrong plate, but it looked similar enough, so I just started eating it.
When they realized the mistake, they brought out the right plate in addition.
So basically, I was sitting there staring at way too much bacon and eggs.
Needless to say, I didn't eat it all, but this is just a small example of how awesome the bartenders are.
Also, when my check came out, it was less than the price listed in the menu.
And I wasn't charged for my drink.
The only downside for me is that it's actually a little difficult to watch games on their screens.
They have plenty of them, but they are in a variety of places that aren't always easy to see.
Other than that, I definitely need to come here more often.

I came here with my boyfriend the other day after buying a coupon off of Restaurant.Com.
The waitress was very friendly and persuaded us to try the wings and Salmon fetuccini.
We also ordered the mushroom swiss burger and fries.
ALL of the food was excellent.
It was the first time I've tried salmon fetuccini and it was bomb!
My bf actually had a cold that day so he couldn't taste anything and barely touched his burger.
I tried some of it though it it was pretty delicious.
The fries were also very good and nicely seasoned.
I would definitely come back.
The service was very fast and friendly.
The food was awesome and the prices were pretty decent.
I'd like to try their pizza and calzones next time; We were told they were the best.

Always good food and friendly staff.
My favorite local for lunch.

I live literally two blocks from this place and have heard rave reviews from my boyfriends brother.
So we decided to give it a try.
We got mixed results.
However, it was never great.
We get take-out a lot.
The wings are small and soggy, not crispy.
The pizza is decent but has a weird almost cookie-like textured crust, which is not to my liking.
The sauce is weird too.
I remembered I ordered a chicken breast Philly cheese steak sandwich one time and by the time I got it home, I realize it was a half a roll with two dried up pieces of chicken, some onions and peppers, and no cheese.
I usually don't get upset but I was pissed.
There wasn't a lot of fries with my order either.
$9 for a piece of stale bread and dried up meat.
We don't order from there any more.
Rounders on Blue Diamond is a little further from us but well worth the drive.
Home Plate is a fun little bar with lots of games and great atmosphere and a fun menu.
It gets really smoky, however, and the menu doesn't seem to deliver.
Everything looks good but disappoints in the end.

Wow was pleasantly suprised at this placed.
My friend and I went in here on a whim since it was  right across from the store we were in and the fact that this is place is close to our houses.
I got a burger and fries and I was suprised it was really good.
I did not try anything else, however I do intend to go back.
Its my local spot.

So I gave this place 5 stars before, but now I reducing it to one star.
They are NOT a sports bar.
They simply cater to their video poker players.
Went there to watch some college football and was yelled at by the bartender to cheering for our team because they said we were being too lound.
Last I checked this was a bar not a library!
Oh well, it's an epidemic here in Las Vegas with local bars.
Everyone has there head down staring at blue screens rather than talking to one another.
So Sad!

One of the GREATEST bars to go to especially late night.
The place is always packed and lively.
It is so much fun.
Great place during late night to run into other industry people.
The bartender Jeff is AMAZING.
The best in town.
Outgoing and funny.
Always a great time!

Awesome burgers!!!!!!!

What makes this place a gem is a waitress by the name of Sue.
She is amazing and is the best waitress we have ever had anywhere.
She knows what we like and our two boys adore her.
Glenn the owner is pretty laid back and always friendly.
We go two to three Friday's a month.
The pizza is clearly homemade and we have never had a bad one.
The wings are always good too.
They also added PBR on tap, thank you Glenn!!!
Plenty of games for the kids to play in the family section.

I've been to Home Plate more than three different times, one decent (three star experience) and two (one star experiences).
My three star experience was well over two years ago when I went with a few friends for some beers and pizza during Sunday afternoon football.
Service was decent and the pizza was good enough for me to come back for some more.
The crust was thin, and the cheese to sauce ratio was on par, with good flavor.
We dined in the restaurant area, which was clean and comfortable.
My next experience was lackluster.
After work (3am), I stopped in to order take out.
The place had two other patrons at this time.
I was immediately greeted by the bartender and ordered a drink from him.
Remembering the last time I had their pizza, I decided to relive the experience.
So I ordered a pizza, half cheese, half pepperoni, to go.
My order was placed.
A few of the cook's friends stopped in to visit and were chatting for about a half hour.
The bartender said my pizza should be done in a few minutes.
Pretty long time to cook a pie, don't ya think?
Finally, my pie was boxed and in my arms, hallelujah!
I get home, my pizza is burnt to a crisp!
Black!
I tried to scrape off the bottom of the pizza crust because I was so hungry.
Needless to say that didn't work to well, so after a slice and a half, my large pizza was thrown in the trash :(.
I chalked that experience up to a misfortune and realized that if I ever try to order pizza there again, check it before walking out.
No big deal.
Last night, I was in the mood for Italian take out.
I was craving penne ala vodka and mozzarella sticks.
Let's just say the mozzarella sticks were the best things my husband and I ordered.
I got my penne ala vodka and he got the baked ziti with garlic bread on the side.
My penne pasta was cooked well but the sauce was pink like it should be but...weird.
There were chunks of tomato, onion, and ham in the sauce, which is fine, but the sauce was not flattering whatsoever.
The vodka was definitely not cooked enough, leaving a bad vodka taste.
The viscosity of the sauce was also very thin.
I highly do NOT recommend this dish.
The baked ziti, was just that, with lots of gooey mozzarella cheese and ricotta.
There were loads of diced tomatoes and onion in there as well.
We didn't mind the veggies in the ziti but they were raw when they were thrown in the dish, when they should've been sauteed or carmelized.
The garlic bread that was served with our dishes, was less than to be desired.
You could tell it had at once actually been a good roll that was sliced into quarters with butter and garlic, but the toasting of it made it taste like charcoal.
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.
They were your average bar cheese sticks with marinara.
I'm sorry Home Plate, but because of these epic food failures, we will not be returning except for drinks (maybe).

A bar is a bar right?
But man, this place has the best burgers for a bar.
Seems like no matter what time I step into this place, it's always busy.
Check in on Yelp and get a free order of garlic knots.
The garlic knots are interesting, it's more like a funnel cake loaded with garlic rather than the dough ball most pizza joints give you.
I just remember my stomach hurting afterwards so never again.
But the burgers are definitely worth it.
I've had other stuff here and it's pretty decent.

I came here for the second time the other day.
The service was very fast and friendly.
The waitress suggested we order a pizza or a calzone because they're supposed to be the best items on their menu, but I remembered their fettuccine being pretty good last time I went, so I ordered it again and it was delicious.
The portion is also pretty big, so I had a good amount to take home this time and last.
Donald was feeling a bit under the weather when we went, so he just got a bowl of cream of broccoli soup (my favorite).
It was very flavorful and creamy; it definitely warmed him up a little.
I'll be back to try one of their pizzas or a calzone next time.

Not so great today.
Do not go here early.
I sat there for 15 minutes before anyone acknowledged me.
I didn't think they were open yet.
So, I sat there like an idiot.
The waitress charged extra for things that we never were charged for before.
Like cucumbers on my salad?????
Normally we love it here.
Usually love this place.
They should make Sue work 24/7.
The current waitstaff stinks

Good tavern.
I've eaten there a few times in the past.
Waitresses are friendly, efficient and very pretty (a plus!).
Food is good for a bar.
Best part is the eating area is separated from the bar area, so no cig smoke.

The Good: Awesome Burgers and Great Pizza, Nice atmosphere, Lots of TV's for watching sports.
The Not-So-Good: Sometimes (Not all the time!
) some of the female bartenders, NOT ALL!, are too busy flirting with the gamers and their friends, that my friends and I have been put on ignore for way too long.
We have walked in and have sat there for 5-10 minutes before being acknowledged at all.
We have sat there for 5-10 minutes with empty glasses before being asked "Would you like another?
"  There's been times when I've had too wave my hand and say "excuse me" in order to get noticed and get some service, whether it be to order a drink or food.
I understand that flirting with the lonely guys to make them think they might have a shot at getting some action so they'll keep pumping $20's into the machines is part of their job but so is providing good service to everyone.
The best bartender they ever had, IMO, was Jesse.
She always showed us a good time simply by laughing, joking around, and making conversation.

I've been here a few times and as much as the service is always awesome.
I can't forgive them for what happened.
It was a beautiful day so the boyfriend and I decided to take the motorcycles out.
We decided to stop by Home Plate.
The previous times I've had the breakfast and you can never go wrong with breakfast any time of the day.
But we felt like pasta and decided on the spaghetti and meatballs for lunch.
Boyfriend decided to start with the shrimp.
It was overly seasoned so we sent it back.
The spaghetti sauce was also overly seasoned with pepper.
But at that point I was hungry and just finished what I could.
Plus we had plans for the ride and we didn't want to waste the day.
Later that afternoon while riding near Boulder Highway I all of a sudden needed to use the restroom.
I thought it was just me so I didn't think anything of it.
But when boyfriend started to have stomach pains also we put two and two together and found the culprit.
Our nice afternoon out on the bikes was cut short as we both raced back home.
We will never be back.

We used to eat here several times per week.
Due to dietary restrictions we now eat at home mostly.
Last night I brought my husband here for a treat.
He loves the chicken parm.
He's Italian and claims it's among the best he's ever eaten.
I always get the souvlaki.
It tastes like a back east Greek diner.
The food was great and the service is always fantastic.
I highly recommend Home Plate for a local, close to home dinner.
The only negative is I think it's a tad pricy for a locals place.
Thus, the 4 stars.

I wouldn't go back.
They would have gotten 3 stars if the service wasn't so terrible.
They would have gotten 2 stars if they hadn't accidentally charged us double.
The food is mediocre at best.
We had the garlic knots, cheese bread, thick crust pepperoni pizza, and zippolis for dessert.
The knots are deep fried and tasteless.
The cheese bread was like Papa Johns but not as good.
The pizza was a little bit like Dominos.
The crust was better but way too much sauce with rosemary sprinkled all over it.
The zippolis were good, tasted like powdered doughnuts.
The drinks are overpriced with a bad selection.
The service was beyond terrible.
Forgetting napkins, plates, silverware, drinks.
Taking forever to get us these things after asking for them.
Not checking back in.
Asking for our check then waiting 20 minutes only to have our check screwed up.
The atmosphere is pretty weird.
Went in to watch a baseball game but no games were on the tv.
Really loud old rock/country playing.
About 4 regulars playing video poker in the bar but the dining room was pretty busy with families.
Tried using the sound box to listen to the game but there was too much static.
There is a big plexiglass window separating the bar from the dining room, so you feel like you are on display or in a zoo.

Just did my first yelp check in off here, which was 6 garlic knots for free.
They were pretty good except the garlic left my breath reaking.
Maybe if they used roasted garlic instead it would be better.
But they were pretty good.
Sat at the bar and the bartender was really hospitable.

I read a reveiw below that someone blamed Home Plate for getting sick.
Sorry lady but the onset for almost ALL foodborne illnesesses is at LEAST 24 hours, so it wasnt your breakfast.
Before you bash someone publicly, educate yourself on the possibilites of why you may be sick.
I eat here often.
No place is perfect, but all in all Home Plate is Family freindly and good food and affordable food.
GREAT place for sports I have eaten there 20 plus times and always consistent.
I had 1 issue with slow service and some chicken wings but managemnet was rt on top of it.
I am going there tonight with Friends and kids.
FYI...garlic knots need more flavor....a little more salt in the dough maybeL:)

Eek!
Methinks not.
So I used to frequent this place 3 years ago during football season.
I guess watching the games at the bar and having breakfast in the summer are completely different.
This morning was a disaster.
Firstly, there were half the tables that I remember in their smoke free dining room (extra star for this), but they were replaced by a junky buffet and lots of arcade machines.
It is very family friendly (never a good combination for a successful Sports "BAR")  The food though, was not good at all.
I spent $27 on an inedible mess.
Steak and eggs review: Kale, really?
Kale?
So 1990s.
Salt and pepper is your friend!
The hash browns were cooked only one side and as I just said, under seasoned.
The steak (ordered medium rare) came out black and blue.
The steak was cold and raw on the inside and burnt to hell on the outside.
Too much oil on the steak before putting it on the grill caused it to flame up and burn the oil, rookie mistake.
The eggs (ordered over easy) were over medium (borderline over well), hard to mix with the hash browns.
Two thumbs down  Something about a "favorite" omelet review:  Obviously, I cannot remember the name of this dish.
It was highlighted by outlining it on the menu; however, should really be avoided.
This was a tomato omelet topped with the signature chili verde.
Yuck, bad, cough, puke if you will.
The dog food on top of the omelet was horrible.
I scraped it off after my first bite.
The meat in the chili verde tasted like canned steamed stew meat.
It had no texture, sear or caramelization.
The omelet could not be eaten as it was cooked again at too high a heat and the egg scorched and after two bites; I thought the tomatoes in the omelet were old and spoiled.
By old I mean that yesterday's product was mixed with anything chopped today (that is my benefit of a doubt) for the cook who was there, but they were not tasty by any means.
The hash browns were the same as on our steak and eggs, under seasoned and not very crispy.
I didn't eat much of the meal at all.
Anything in addition to my thumbs that can be turned down, IS!
Service:  it was barely considered OK, the waitress was nice, but we were the only (did I say only?
) table in the dining room for over 35 minutes.
She was not knowledgeable about the menu or what she needed to do.
She told us that she "doesn't usually work breakfast".
Why does that concern the guest?
I overheard the cook ask her if he "needed to show her how to work the toaster?
" Based on his previous cooking display, working the toaster may be too much for him too!
I will not be back to dine here again.

I LOVE THIS PLACE!
First off, they're a sports bar mostly and they have SEVERAL televisions around the entire establishment with every kind of sporting event on.
I got to watch Preseason Football, Baseball and a Hockey game all at once.
Second, their smoke free dining section and bar is separated by a glass partition.
So, you can eat your food, in peace, with no musty smoke to ruin your appetite and still watch the televisions in the bar area.
Third, their food is AMAZING!
Probably the best pizza I have ever had in Las Vegas.
Fourth (and most important, in my opinion), their customer service is top notch.
The waitresses seem genuinely happy to help the customers with anything and the owner even went from table to table to ensure that guests were satisfied.
I've been looking for a Monday Night Football dive for a while to make our regular place and I think I finally have.
I'll definitely be back several times throughout the football and baseball seasons.

Good place for sports no smoking and very cleaned.
Love it when you can watch all the sports channel.

RUDE waitress.
she didn't listen, didn't get the order right but i bet if i was a guy alone she would have paid attention.
NOISY NOISY and cold.
not a pleasant environment for dinner.
the wings were like jerky, just as dry and tough.
but the pizza was good.
not enough for me to want to actually eat there again.

I love this place!
Ok, this is my favorite hangover stop and that is my excuse for not having more check ins here; I know I've been at least 8-10 times but only have one check in?
will have to try harder to remember but its tough sometimes.
Whenever I wake up early and want a good breakfast without a crazy crowd I come here; great wait staff and cooks; My Girlfriend liked the Bloody Mary here and we both had a blast playing ski ball and video games the last time we were there.
We must have had a couple hundred tickets collected and we handed them to a little girl and her father to redeem for prizes and made her day.
They have old bay spiced shrimp!
One of only a few places in town that serve them seasoned this way and it says me a drive down to Crab Corner; I haven't had a bad meal here and have tried both breakfast and lunch.
I'm a huge Baseball fan so walking in and seeing the baseball memorabilia everywhere is awesome and I'm glad to know this place exists; I will be back soon enough!

I came in to try out the bar and play video poker.
We are moving to a house close to this place and I thought it may be a great go to place once we move.
I was basically ignored the whole time and my drinks were not refilled.
I lost about $60 in video poker, which is fine, but I would have been less bummed if I had been offered another drink.
It was not busy at the bar, either.

It had been awhile since we have eaten here, so we decided to stop in and try it again.
Sure glad we did, the waitresses were friendly and quick to get our drinks.
Had a great selection of happy hour specials and anxious to try them the next time we go.
The pizza was great as was the wings.
This might just become our goto place during the week.
Thanks Home Plate enjoyed our dinner!

Good food fun people!

Home plate has great hamburgers especially the greek burger but their prices are a little high on most of their stuff expect to pay $25 + for 2 people.
The garlic knotts are also very good but I would pass on the jalapenio poppers next time not very good and deffinately not worth the money, the pizza is also pretty skimpy but tastes good.

Awsome pizza my girl says its better then grimaldi's heading there now for some pizza and wings and a large Newcastle

$25 for a large pizza with 3 toppings on???
Really???
$30 including a tip too...n it wasn't even that great taste to die for I would rather have little Cesar's $5 pizza

One of my favorite things about Home Plate is that it is family friendly on the dining side and perfectly "bar" friendly on the gaming side.
I only wish it was smoke free on both, but I know that will never happen in Vegas.
Both sides of the establishment (separated by large glass windows) have a large number of televisions... some are a bit outdated and could use an upgrade, but big numbers just the same.
The dining side also has a small arcade area which is PERFECT for bringing the kids, especially when the adults would like to hang out for a while, but the kids don't have the attention span to do so.
All of the food I have had here (mostly Pizza) is excellent and the staff is friendly and good.
Definitely an once/month spot for us and would be more if we lived closer.

Food is great and such a wide selection - everyone will find something they love.
Plus they have very friendly service.
They have also managed to combine sports bar with family friendly - not easy to do.

Love going to this bar.
They have everything including pool tables, kids games, golden tee, football, jukebox, non smoking eating area.
The pizza at this this place is unbelievable and so are the burgers.
Strongly recommend the meatball and sausage pizza!
Bartenders are really good and personable.
Nice people and good food.
Gambling is alright there, never win a lot but get to play for a bit on a little money.
Also they have a lot of TVA and also speaker boxes for watching any nfl game you want...

I love taking my whole family to Home Plate Grill & Bar.
We have been coming here since we first moved to the SW side of town in 2010.
The atmosphere in the dining room is family friendly with arcade games that my kids love and the food is great!
In fact, they have one of the best NY style pizzas in town.
Their wings are also another favorite.
Plus, this is the only place in town where I can watch a football game with my kids!
BONUS!
My hubby also likes to come with friends after work.
All the waitstaff is friendly, and  again, the food is delicious at a great price!
WINNING!

This place has the best garlic parmesan wings in town!
I've been here on a number of occasions and the majority of my visits happen to be when I'm 100% sober, so my palate isn't being biased.
They're perfectly crisp topped with fresh garlic and parmesan (none of that pasty stuff like BWW or Hooters) and fairly priced knowing you're getting your money's worth with every wing or leg.
Never tried anything else from the menu but from what I've heard, it's pretty good for bar food.
As far as garlic parmesan wings goes, this place does not disappoint!
If it does, call me over and I'll finish them for you.

Solid bar food!
We stopped in for lunch and had the chicken quesadillas, loaded nachos and chili verde burritos and everything was excellent.
Reasonable prices and huge portions.

Came here with a friend to order some breakfast- kind of weird because I didn't think that there was a bar/restaurant that would be open 24/7.
When I walked in there were arcade games to my right- which I thought was kind of nice.
Being able to bring the kids while having something to eat or a drink or two at the bar.
When we sat down it took the waitress a while to give us the menu and serve us our drinks since she was the only server there.
We ordered our food but ended up waiting for at least a half hour- not too bad since she was the only waitress.
I ordered the Souvlaki breakfast while my friend ordered the three egg breakfast.
I'm not sure if it was the cook or the food that I ordered but the chicken was not appetizing at all and had so much seasoning that I couldn't even taste the chicken.
I ended up substituting the chicken for a ham steak (which came out pretty quickly).
All in all the waitress was nice and the people were friendly.
The food was okay but I wouldn't mind giving this place another try.
Maybe don't order the Souvlaki breakfast next time :)

We love Home Plate.
We are repeat customers.
The pizza and garlic knots are delicious.
We have only had 1 bad experience and that was with service.
It took 45m to get our check and we never got 1 refill.
But we have not seen that server there the past couple times we have been there.
We always recommend this place and can't wait until our son grows up and we can play all the arcade games!

Great pizza, lots of tv's and great service!
And you have the chance of catching a lobster for $2.
They have a machine similar to those where you try to grab a stuffed animal with a machine claw.
I got lucky and caught one on my first try!
You catch it they cook it!!
Had a lot of fun here will definitely return!

The best local "hole in the wall" bar!
Although I can't eat most of the food on the menu, my friends love it!
Lots of great memories made here with friends

We had breakfast here this morning.
This was my third visit.
The breakfast was very good.
On my previous visit I had a cheeseburger, it was also good.
The service today was very good.
On another visit it was a little slow, but I will gladly wait for good food.

I went to have dinner there and the service was not great at all, it took them 20 minutes to finally acknowledge I was there and asked if I wanted a menu.
I ordered sliders and a drink, it had nothing special to it, the food is less than average.
I would rather go to BJs down the street on Decatur than bother going there again.
Waste of time, waste of money.

Our grandsons' favorite place.
The arcade keeps them happy and they can win prizes.
Pretty good food, though not spectacular.

Cool little bar close to home.
Usually just order to go but the one time I did go in it took the guy 15 mins to bring my drink, he was super sweet and have it to me for free so all is forgiven.
Food was hot and ready quick.
The pizza here is really good, I like the just cheese best.

I took the kids tonight for some dinner and they wanted to play with the arcade games.
The waitress was so nice to them and even gave them extra tokens because she saw how polite and well behaved they were....it made their day!
We will be back when ever they want to go!

This review is for this one specific visit I had on Saturday 1/25/14.
I used to visit Home Plate on a regular basis to watch hockey because they have good size TVs and you get your personal speaker at your table for the tv you're watching.
I have to say that I'm not a fan of the server Amber.
She was not happy to be there and made every small request seem like a big deal.
Obviously she doesn't remember me being a regular from before!
I asked her to change the channel, and assumed she would bring me a speaker.
She had a little bit of an attitude when I made the request, because apparently she wasn't "my server".
This has been her attitude since the first time I went there.
My server (short blonde, didn't get a name) was a sweetheart.
Since there were only 2 servers in the dining room and it was pretty busy with parties, I wasn't too upset that I wasn't shown too much attention.
(Plus I was watching the game, so I wasn't worried about the speedy service.
) The food was good and the atmosphere is always nice.
Probably won't go back any time soon since I live in the northwest, especially if I'm risking having Amber as my server.

One positive, the bartender was on top of it.
That is where the positive experience ends.
My group was here in the restaurant to eat some food and not watch the fight, thus got a table away from all the TVs.
They still charged a $10 cover even though there was maybe 10 minutes left in the fight when arrived and no clear view of the TV.
$7.50 pitchers we found were $14 after the pour.
Could not get a waitress to serve us food.
The lady who collected the $10 had a smart and vindictive response to everything.
Bathrooms smell horrible.
Maybe the worst experience on Blue Diamond?
Maybe this place has a better and friendlier wait staff at non peak times?
Would not recommend to anyone who wants a cheap drink and good atmosphere.
@Glen - Take things personal much?
How about not mocking customers and be situational with it?
If one person asked if there was a problem at the time, that would go a long way towards displaying good customer service.
Just saying.

Don't go on fight night here, terrible service in the restaurant area.
Lady decides to charge us ten dollars after waiting for service to get beer for like 30 mins.
Then gets an attitude when we asked her why are you charging us now when there is one fight left.
Plus we had to walk up to the bar to get a beer, but on a good note guy bartender was on top of his game came right up to us and great attitude.
Won't be back here for ufc.

Great service and great pizza!
Came here with my uncle and mom for a late dinner and it was pretty good!
Sat at the bar and the bartender Jill was very personable and took of everything that we needed.
If I were ever back in the area, I would definitely come back here again!

Service is good, the little play area for kids is a good concept.
But the food was sub par at best.
Maybe when came on a off day.
I had buffalo chicken pizza the chicken is baked and not grilled it was mushy and the buffalo sauce had so much vinegar that the pizza was hard to eat.
My wife had their salmon salad too bad it didnt taste as good as it looked.
The salmon was overly fishy and served on iceberg lettuce.
This place should cut back on portion size and increase the quality of the food.

No good.
I went with a friend because she heard the pizza was good.
- it's alright.
The guy bar tending hated his life.
And his job.
He was making sure we knew that.
It was SO DEAD.
We were the only ones there, along with our sleeping bartender.
We won't be returning, go to stieners!

I've gone 35 years without food poisoning until I ate here 3 weeks ago.
I've been begging my wife to go here with me and she finally caved.
I ordered the philly.
The female bartender took our order and brought our check.
No interaction period.
Was given a side of mayo that was warm and discolored yellow.
3 days of pure hell followed this sandwich.
Will NEVER go here again.
I don't care if I get free garlic knots for life.

Went there randomly one night and omg they're giving away pizza in the middle of the night... Who does that?
Ummm also the pizza is delicious.
I played skee ball til my arm damn near fell off...
This place rules.

Place is gosh darn amazing.
Bartender Joseph I believe is his name , just on point and hilarious.
Food by far top notch !
Beats any bar on blue diamond.
In fact beats any bar west of the strip.

I was there for a graveyard shift on friday, Daniel the bartender on shift was on point.
He was fun and great to talk with, we played a little money and even though we didnt win Daniel told us about the pizza and pasta buffet that started at 3am.
The food was good and the atmosphere is friendly.
Its a great local bar and we will definitely return.

Just met the new bartender he called himself Danimal at first I thought he was weird , but then I realized I was just being rude because he was gosh darn sexier then me.
He poured drinks like a man with bubble guts driving home (f ing FAST)!
Now I know why he's called Danimal cause he's a beast!
AMAZBALLS !

Homeplate is the quintessential neighborhood bar for the Southern Highlands/Mountains Edge area on Blue Diamond... All the bartenders know who you are and remember you... Joe is my regular because he is what a graveyard bartender is all about...If you come in with someone he attends to you while also giving you some breathing room...
He always has a great attitude and is cracking jokes all night long...
The food is really good.
I have my favs off the menu whether it's breakfast or a burger or a wrap... Plus you can't beat the graveyard FREE pizza buffet...
There's a reason why whichever direction I drive in from I usually will drive past 2-3 other bars to come to Homeplate...

Great food, but the service is questionable.
Some days it is spot-on, others will make you wonder if you're invisible.
However, we enjoy the food so much that we accept the fact that you can't come in here to eat and be in a hurry.
Sunday mornings there is usually only one server for the entire dining room, so get there before the church rush!
The breakfasts are really good (my fave is the ham steak) and surprisingly cheap.

First off, I had a blast cause I was able to spend some quality time with my mom and son, which a rare lately  due to my crazy work schedule, with that said I was very very very disappointed in the customer service or just service in general.
The place is very cute and cool, tons of tv's with tons of sports to watch.
Nice and cool inside, and there wasn't many people when we went.
Our server was not good at all.
Kept forgetting about us.
Forgetting to bring us things, small or big, she couldn't get it together.
Now, just because I myself am a server and work in a restaurant doesn't mean I'm picking on her.
She herself said to me 'am I ignoring you guys alot tonight?
' ummmmmmmmm yeah!!!!!!!!!
The little game area was ok, although the machines kept taking my money and I  had to keep getting someone to fix it.
Annoying!
Food was ok too.
Loved the house salad.
My pizza kinda sucked, was suppose to be thick crust and was thin.
We had to ask three times for more dressing.
My mom ordered a wheat beer and she was brought ???
well it wasnt  wheat beer, so she ordered something else.
Ten minutes later, still no beer.
I finally had to get up fine the server and ask her to get the beer........now!
We had fun just being together and watching the game and my son play.
But, I wont be going back anytime soon.

The nachos are good but fyi dont order steak, ALWAYS really fatty for how expensive thy are, really not worth it!

I love this place.
The food is always great.
Amazing Pizza.
Service is exceptional.
It's 24 hours and I find myself stopping in on my way home from work for food and drinks.
Very comfortable atmosphere with lots of games, pool tables and TV's.
So glad I found this spot.

Best pizza I've had in a looong time.
Great for just hanging out with friends in the bar area, or even coming with family, hanging out and playing games in the restaurant area.
Aside from the pizza, wings, chili cheese fries (green chili, mmmmm) and apps are awesome.
My official go to place now.

Thanks Ashley and crew!
Great service and a fun arcade for the kids including tickets for prizes.
Pizza and wings were delicious!
Love Home Plate!
Ashley thanks for your VIP treatment toward us and providing excellent service.

