If I were the manager of this establishment.. well I think I would do a better job hiring.
These people are HOOD.
One time I was in there and a woman in a wheelchair came asking about a signature drink that had been discontinued and they were so rude to her.
I was in disbelief.
Not everyone is up on the current cycle of drinks ladies, believe it or not, working at Starbucks as a barista, not that cool.
When she struggled to open the door (not ADA compliant) I opened it for her as they were talking about her referring to her as stupid, and even threw "the customer is always wrong" thing in there too.
Uh....HELLO???
I was standing there.
for about 2 seconds when I just dipped out NEVER to return to the ghettoest (thats a word right?
) starbucks in Vegas.
Well done ladies.
You have outdone yourselves.

This Starbucks offers "drive thru" service, which is REALLY convenient.
However, the staff seems to have a very "blah" attitude.
With the really bad economy in Las Vegas, you'd think people would be really happy to have a stable job at all.
I haven't met anyone who was openly rude, but they're definitely not inviting.
Also, they don't do the customary "Starbucks thing" of asking you about the various options you can have with your drink (i.e.
whipped cream, etc.).
If you want your drink your way, you have to bring up every option yourself.
Don't assume they'll put whipped cream on your drink; if they don't bring it up, it's not coming with it.
On that note, you should be grateful your cup comes with a lid.
I would give this small place only two stars, but the "drive thru" feature brings it up to three.

It would help if the staff new the different sizes... i ordered a grande and got a tall... really... there is even a sticker on the side of the cup that said GR then why serve a tall.. not very smart!

The customer service here is a grade F. Especially when your going to the drive thru.

Starbucks baristas are usually super up beat And exude a positive energy.
This lady didn't disappoint.
I really liked this location as it's within a mile from my office.
My grande hot pumpkin spice soy latte with 3 raw sugars was just right.
The drive thru service was quick also.

Very friendly staff here ...
It's my daily choice for coffee on way to work...

The service in this store was poor yesterday.
After visiting Dr. Hammargren's house yesterday, I stopped here for a thirst quencher before going home.
There were four employees working yet it took over 5 minutes to get a drink.
The person making the fraps was overwhelmed by the drive through and the others didn't help her at all.
Surprising for me to give a Starbucks only 2 stars.
I won't stop here again.,

I arrive late night regularly - pick up two drinks and scoot out.
Usually in and out in five minutes.
One of the baristas is a musclebound hottie who I could look at for DAYS but that's beside the point - it's a good hangout Starbucks due to video gamers playing their Nintendo/handheld games, good internet speed, and it's quiet.
The staff is, for the most part friendly and never particularly busy.
If I'm in a rush and it's an evening, they're usually good to go.
What's fun?
Grab some caffeine and go play some motion video games at Gemini Arcade!
Wooo!

If you want to see the slowest drive-thru line at a Starbucks in Las Vegas this location will put on a show for you.
Once you get through the long drive thru line though the drinks are always made right and you still get service with a smile even though the staff is clearly frazzled.
And for that reason alone...they get 4 Stars from me.

Long line for drive though!
Thank God for air conditioning....and the drinks are pretty consistent.

This Starbucks is by far the worst Starbucks I have ever been too.
I am so used to the upbeat, friendly, relaxed Starbucks.
No one greeted me as I walked into the coffee shop then when it came time to order my drinks the barista wrote my drinks as if I was a pest rather than a customer.
I will admit my drink is a little on the complicated side, but usually when I tell other baristas "my drink is a little complicated" they don't hold it against me but instead welcome it as a challenge.
However this barista was rude about the whole thing.
Then when my drink was past to another barista to be made I noticed she didn't use the milk I requested specifically.
I realize we all make mistakes, so I politely asked if that was the correct milk.
She said, "yea" without even double checking the cup to see if maybe she did make a mistake and she continued to make the drink so I just let it slide.
Now, my drink is a green tea latté and I like it shaken in a shaker very well so there aren't any clumps of green tea, if you shake it very well it will come out perfect.
When the barista handed me my drink it looked like she had shaken 3 times.
When I asked her if she could shake it anymore to get rid of the green tea clumps she very rudely said "it doesn't matter how much I shake it, it will still look the same" I was so disappointed in both of the baristas customer service and quality in which they made our drinks.
Even after tipping them $10 for my complicated drink (along with other drinks) I wanted to go back and take my tip back from them.
However I just grabbed my drinks and refuse to ever go to this Starbucks ever again.

Quick friendly service.
As far as Starbucks go, this is my favorite.
It's on the corner of Sandhill and Flamingo, in a strip mall.
My drink of choice is usually a plain iced coffee.
I'm not really big on the foo foo drinks and it was too hot to have regular coffee.
I have always been given great service with a smile.
So, no complaints.

Starbucks, ahh, ya, it is a chain duh but I love me some starbucks coffee..

Terrible service.
Drive thru takes forever!
and they can't take a minute to check if they have an ingredient.
Instead they just lie and say they don't have it.
Go to another location.
don't start your day here.

I usually have good visits to this location but I guess going through the drive thru today was a bad choice.
The person working the drive thru was cranky when I ordered and I was worried she didn't get the second drink I ordered because she talked over me to go to the window.
Not sure if it was because I drove away and said out loud to my mom  in the car that I wasn't too sure she got the second drink, but we got to the window and she told us the total and gave me the change without a receipt.
She handed me the first drink which was a iced black tea with vanilla that I handed to my mom and the barista girl kind of stalled and waited before even handing a straw and the second drink.
But it wasn't until I drove to the other side of town that my mom tasted her drink and they had added flan syrup and vanilla syrup to her tea.
It was like half her drink was syrup.
It's just extremely suspicious that I got no receipt and the awkward standing and stalling makes me think it was purposely done.
Definitely avoiding going there.

Meh, it's a Starbucks.
It's easy to stump a barista here.
And it can definitely take 10 mins to make a tea lemonade here.
And then there's the crowd...
It's an interesting mix of high school kids killing time and bush professionals holding meetings.
There's some other folks too, but I don't want to think about what they're doing.
All in all, it's a Starbucks.
If you are hankering for something only to be found at a Starbucks, this is a fine enough place to get it.

I consider this to be my 2nd starbucks.
Im always greeted when I walk in the door.
So its positives thus far, tiny lil shoppe which is neither bad or good.
The store us clean and the employees seem to have a sensevof humor,  which is good.

