Did not realize this was a chain.
Great Mexican food with your choice of red or green salsa.
A lot of options but you can't go wrong with the basic tacos.

Girl working the counter was NOT pleasant at all, down right rude.
We were trying to not let that ruin our Robertos fix, sadly the food was not up to normal standards.
Side bar with all the peppers, carrots etc was lacking normal ingredients, baggies and napkins were also out.
Carne Asada fries were good, bean burrito was ok, chicken tacos were horrible, meat dry and shells were so oddly chewie and hard at the same time.
Gonna have to rethink our Robertos meals hopefully this was just a one time bad day.

In the universe of taco shops, I'm a fan.
Good Mexican food at low prices.
Try the adobado plate--really good seasoned, sauteed pork tips.
Carrot and jalapeno salad worth trying--better than most.
Somewhat shady neighborhood, especially after dark--best for lunch.
Much better than typical fast food and even most sit-down Mexican restaurants.

Not much to look at but it's my second time here.
The tacos are good my only gripe was no onions/cilantro on the bar or on the carne asada tacos.
They still tasted good.
Best thing is it's 24hrs and cheap.

Roberto's Taco Shop is one of my favorite stops for a good breakfast burrito!
Since it is on the way to work I usually hit this joint in the morning so I've always and only gotten their breakfast burrito with bacon.
The burritos are huge and pack great flavor and a low price of $5.

I'm big on customer service but this has the absolute WORST customer service I've ever experienced.
The neon looking guacamole was disgusting and the food was not even good.
This place does not even deserve a star and I will not be returning.
Folks, give your well earned money elsewhere.

Excellent storefront mexican very close to Nellis AFB main gate.

When it comes to mexican "fast food" this is my spot.
I am a huge fan of their carne asada burritos, comes heaped with meat, pico de gallo and guacamole.
OM NOM NOM!!!
Haven't had a bad thing from this place yet.
Love their salsa bar with all the extra goodies.
Never disappointed by this joint.

These folks are fast!
The food is good and you can be in and out before you know it.
It's not in the best location but their speediness makes up for it .
It's the closest thing to San Diego Carne Asada Fries you can get without being there.

I will not be caught in this place alone ordering past 8 pm.
The strip mall where it's located is a bit dubious.
The restaurant itself is dark and dingy.
Their salsa station always looks messy.Talking to the cashier on night shift is like talking to a robot.
No attempt at customer service whatsoever.
There are so many things they can improve upon.
It's a shame because their tacos are decent with enough flavor and spices to hit the spot.
This place is also open 24/7!
From where I live, this is closer than having to venture out to downtown/strip to Tacos El Gordo.
So if I have a taco craving, Roberto's can *sometimes* suffice, especially when pressed for time.
I just order their adobada, carne asada, and fish tacos.

This is my favorite fast food Mexican restaurant!!
The dishes I normally get is the rolled tacos plate (chicken) or the chorizo plate with flower tortillas!!
Deelish!

The carne asada fries are awesome!
A must try :)  I've also had the rolled tacos and regular soft tacos, they were mediocre.
Overall Roberto's is a great place to go when you're looking for a quick meal.
It's never crowded and they're consistent with their service and products.

Delish carne asada burritos!
Came here for a quick lunch and was blown away by the flavor.
If they had one of these places where I live, I'd be fat in no time.

It was decent food.
It is in a sketchy strip mall.
My experience wasn't as bad as some of the reviews,  I've had better.

Best breakfast burritos!!
The breakfast burritos hit the spot after a long night shift or in the morning!
The establishment is a bit worn but the food is still good.
The best part is they are open 24hrs.

This place is where you would go for a very fast, cheap fix.
I hear great things about their breakfast tacos, but the carne asada burrito can only be described as "meh.
" Everything about it was fine except that the meat quality is quite poor.
I suppose you can't expect a pound of food for much cheaper than that.
It's still better than cashing in at Taco Bell or McDonald's.
I would definitely go back to try their massive breakfast burritos.
You really can't go wrong with a breakfast burrito, and everyone raves about them.
Worth giving a second shot.
The most redeeming quality is that this place is open 24 hours, which possibly is the only quality that matters for folks that are cranking away at saving America just a mile down the road at Nellis.

