Gallerina and artist Marty Walsh, has been running her small 500 square foot gallery for four years and going strong!
She always puts together wonderful exhibitions from young and established artists alike.
She has a gallery that is not overwhelming for new collectors and always is working hard to bring amazing work to the valley Bravo Marty!

I never miss an exhibit.
Trifecta shows an amazing range of artwork.
Their opening exhibits are one of the highlights of my month.
If you have not been to their great new space in the Arts Factory you should make a point of checking it out.

Nestled inside The Arts Factory-Trifecta consistently brings interesting, fun, unique, smart and often times very affordable original works of art to the gallery.
I guess that formula has paid off because, wah lah...a new spot in the Arts Factory has at least tripled the original space.
You will find global and local artists here, often times some of the best names you've never heard of.
I recently caught the work of many artists from various Cirque shows.
Staff is welcoming and helpful, without being pretentious, or snooty, or high pressure.
I do enjoy the sweet necta' of Trifecta.

Some of the best LV has to offer right here!
Thanks Marty, and thanks for commenting on my FB dinner!

Since all the galleries oftentimes meld into each other in this building (this is the largest building with a ton of a galleries), I didn't know that we'd been in this one several times on First Friday already.
October 7th was the anticipated return of First Friday (after a two month absence, and a change in ownership).
Anyway, we came upon this tapestry of the Las Vegas Strip, circa 2007 or so, which was inside of a closet type section; I'm not going to call it a room, because, it wasn't big enough to be called a room, seemed more like a storage closet.
It was the most amazing piece of art because the artist used sweaters (!!!!!
) from thrift shops, to create this beauty.
I saw this article in the local weekly paper a few weeks back.
And to see this in person, it's simply amazing.
It was a labor of love.
And this won my heart over, easily; this was my favorite piece of the entire night.
Bravo for showcasing this tapestry.
I won't miss this gallery anymore, on First Friday.
I will make it a point to visit every nook and cranny.

I love this place...it takes you to another world.
I am surprised i haven't seen more yelp traffic in here.
there are two floors of art and the vendors are super nice.
Definitely a great afternoon spent.
Look for the staircase with the Mayors face painted on it.

Trifecta is one of my favorite galleries in Las Vegas, and I'm always impressed with their shows and their staff.
Great quality art in a well-run space with free admission ... it doesn't get any better than this.
Love them!

The only cool art gallery in Las Vegas :)

Two visits now under my belt, one on a lazy Saturday and the other during First Fridays and I'm confident to say that Trifecta is my favorite independent gallery in Las Vegas.
Always an interesting display and often featuring works that the beginning or intermediate art collector can afford I particularly enjoyed the recent 10th Anniversary show, a collection of local favorites beautifully curated and arranged to tell a story greater than a simple sum of its parts.
To those who complain of Vegas' lack of culture, sure it isn't New York or Los Angeles, but with galleries like Trifecta and the rest of the Arts Factory I can say it is a heckuva a lot better than other similarly sized cities like Columbus, or larger metropolises such as Phoenix.

My boyfriend took me here for "First Fridays.
" It's when food trucks come together on the first Friday of every month.
There was a mixture of different things that people sell like light up lanterns, wooden candy dispensers, and homemade things For entertainment, there was a stage for band and dj.
Trifecta Art Gallery was free admission and everyone should see the amazing art work.
Although I didn't try any food, the prices was a bit high.

I've been to Trifecta a few times now and have always been pleasantly surprised with the artists they are featuring.
The staff has been friendly with questions about the pieces as well in all my visits.
Quite a number of pieces that are for sale were in a range that a "normal person" could purchase and collect.
It's the one disagreeable thing I have with art, is that sometimes the value is so inflated, it's untouchable.
My most recent visit was Las Vegas / Nevada photography that accompanies the Focus on Nevada spread in this months issue of Desert Companion.
There was a contest for submissions and it just so happened one of our own, Anthony M. , was selected.
I support anything my best friends do.
The one thing is despite being a small space, I feel that the past events I've been to here have all been handled very well with food and drink service.
Definitely get lost in the Arts Factory - make a day of it and make sure to stop by the Trifecta.
No culture naysayers, just walk around this street and look with your special eyes - there is something growing.

