I stopped here to pick up a couple of items that my brother didn't have while I was visiting.
I always go here because I can't afford to give my money to other stores for the same thing.
I couldn't believe how unbusy it was..... this is a nice store!
Guess people in NLV have the bucks!
Sorry if people don't agree with WM's ways.
I have to worry about supporting myself/family, and not at the expense or beliefs of  others.
I'm not a super big WM fan, but my motto is  "it'$ better in my pocket than theirs".

I went in for 2 items, and came out with a headache as I couldn't find what I was looking for.
It always happens at this location.

Grabbing some Rockstars and Snickers, sad thing about all Walmarts is they are messy and smell gross, doesn't matter where the store location is, the stores are all under stocked, lack of help .

I love this neighborhood market concept!
The reason I come here is that Walmart is the only store in the Valley I have found that carries my preferred brand of yogurt "Mountain High Plain".
That being said I love how convenient this store is to my house and how i can get in and get out quickly.
Loving it!

I shop here out of connivence.
The so called low prices are not really any lower than other stores.
There get You in the door gimmick is that they match other stores prices.
"If You research the ads and bring in a copy" Not to many people have time to do all of that.
Aside from that my biggest dislike is many brands and items are not carried by them but are common at other stores.

This came up on YELP as a Supercenter, but it's really a Neighborhood Market.
I stopped in because I was out of coffee at the casa.
They have actually expanded their variety in the coffee section and now offer more K-Cups and bigger bags of Starbucks ground coffee.
I would have gone with a four star rating, but there always seems to be some sort of problem with the self checkout.
This visit was no exception, as one of the registers went down in the middle of an order.

My Wife and I have been to several Las Vegas Supercenters and Neighborhood Markets as we have shopped at Walmart for years.
On 11/18/13 we shopped at this Craig/Jones Neighborhood Market in which the cashier who waited on us was putting food with chemicals as we stopped her and told her not to put food with chemicals as she looked at me like I was nutts.
I asked her if she knew how to bag properly and she said yes and I said to her that you do not bag food with chemicals as that is cross contamination as this is also going on at other stores as we'll as I do not know as to who is training the cashiers but the cashiers just do what they want with no regards to customers getting sick at all because of improper bagging.
As much as I hate Vons, Albertsons, Smith's, Food 4 Less, and Winco Walmart does have the lowest prices and I refused to shop anywhere else.
I did report this to the assistant manager at the store but they don't seem to care at all and I also called Walmart's headquarters in Arkansas and again I get the same response like they do not care at all as they make millions of dollars and have over 6,000 stores.
Let's see how many customers they can loose.
Also there have times of them not having enough cashiers when the lines are long and are backing up.
The cashier at this location was new but still there is no excuse not to properly bag the groceries as I told her I was not trying to embarrass her at all but to make sure she knew she was bagging wrong as she will soon be fired.

Came here specifically for cottage cheese.
Our regular store does not carry a brand we like.
Wal-Mart Super Centers do.
I was aware this is a Market Place, and all the better since it is small.
My first issue was that I could not find a hand held basket for my items.
Anywhere.
All that I could find were the regular push carts.
Second issue was that they do not carry the cottage cheese that I came here for today.
Self checkout was nice, as they have conveyor belts for your groceries, rather than just a small area.
The scanner did not want to read my products, so that took some time angling them just right.
As I finished my purchase, I accidentally chose credit card instead of debit card.
My purchase was declined.
I then chose the correct payment method and it cleared.
I may return here, but it is definitely not my favorite Market Place.

