Brand new and they have a quick order kiosk for times when the wait is ridiculous.
I wish In and Out had one of these.
Food was hot and tasted like JIB should.

This is always me when eating Jack in the Box: "ugh, why do I eat this sh... oh, this is pretty gooood.
"  lol  I try not to make fast food a habit but, when you're really in the mood for a quick breakfast or lunch, this place does the trick.
It's the closest fast food joint to my house, which is why I guess I've gone there as much as I have (3 or 4 times) versus going somewhere else like In N Out.
The place always seems clean.
The service is fine.
The food is always piping hot.
I do notice longer waits here than in other fast food chains but I think that's because they make every single thing fresh when you order (instead of having burgers stacked up ready to be handed out).

They have great service at this location, and they never complain and give me a hardtime when i ask for 20 hotsauce and 5 buttermilks.

HORRIBLE SERVICE!
SKAM ARTIST!
RAYMOD WAS RUDE AND OVER CHARGED ME TWICE!
I've been going to this Restaurant for a while.
The last two times I've been here he's charged me over.
It's principal of the matter here.
And when I asked him why he did that he said "There was a recent price increase.
" Ok I get the increase...
But I was here two weeks ago and he gave me the same excuse.
Mind you this is false advertising.
AND HE HAD THE NERVE TO LAUGH AT ME AND TELL ME TO CALL THE 1-800 #!
Then change the prices on your boards!
I would have given this review no stars as this restaurant continues to give rude service.
Now off to call the 1-800 # and really give them a piece of my mind.
Don't go here.
I guess class wasn't part of their motto here.
Very disturbing as well as disappointing.

Service sucks.
Super slow.
Had to wait like 10 minutes at the counter just for them to take my order.
No one else was there.......... Patiently waiting while the three workers talk about life and dilemmas and blah blah while I'm waiting.
She looks at me and says I'll be right with you.
A long time later finally takes my order and rudely, might I add.
She doesn't even say thank you and just passed the receipt to me like she hates life.
Needs some customer service training.
At least the food was okay.
My sourdough jack was kind of dry.

