I have gone here for shoe repairs over the last few years.
I think they do OK with simple shoe repairs, e.g., shoe shines and heel tap replacements.
However, if the guy tells you he needs to send them out to the "warehouse" -- beware.
My shoes were black booties, retailed for ~$300 and the heel which was covered with black patent had gotten caught in the sidewalk so there was a gash in the patent of one heel.
I brought them in, he estimated $75 (yup, that's right -- top dollar).
Reluctantly I agreed (my mistake -- should have retreated and tried other places).
He also mentioned it would take two weeks (because they had to be sent to the "warehouse").
Bottomline, they ruined the shoe, when they took the heel off to re-patent it, they damaged part of the bootie (where the heel meets the foot part of shoe).
I complained, the Shoe Lab guy said "it;s glue-it just needs a little cleaning", after he tried cleaning - he realized it was damage and he agreed to send back to his warehouse.
One month later because the "warehouse was backlogged", the boot was back but they could not fix it.
Overall, it was not a quality job.
I complained and the guy said he would give me the number to call the warehouse -- and made no concession for the poor customer service and the bad repair job that ruined the booties.

I love this place!
Great service and great people!
This is definitely my go to place with all my shoe and bag repairs!

great service!
$25 to replace the heel taps on my boots...definitely pricey.
however, i will gladly pay that especially since the guy helping me said they could have it done in 10 minutes!
sweet.

I have a favorite leather bag that needed some repair.
The strap's buckle or hardware clip broke and I knew the only way to fix it would be to take the end seem out, remove the broken piece and then sew it back up.
I am pretty handy with a sewing machine, but didn't think my machine could handle this job, so after a search on Yelp, found that this place might just be able to take on the job.
It was late Sunday afternoon and I wasn't sure when they closed, but I drop by and showed them my bag and what I wanted done, they showed me the replacement piece and it looked close, I asked about the cost and it seemed reasonable, so then came the next question how long to fix it, I expected to drop it off and come back the next day or so, but when he told me one hour, shoots, this was good service!
I returned in about 50 minutes and went in, they had it done, and it looked great, a job well done!
I found out they do all types of repairs, for shoes, luggage, even leather sofa's that need repair.
I know I have a missing wheel on a piece of luggage, so that may be what I try next.

I have been using these guys for six years.
They can do it all.
Very reliable.
I gave this business five stars before.
Now one since my last visit.
A new young man served me recently.
Very unpleasant experience.
Fast talking and he definitely hustled me.
Tried to charge me triple the price for an identical repair I had done three weeks ago.
When I told him he brushed me off.
Very disappointing.
All the other reps were very good.
I won't go back.

I had Shoe Lab recently resole and replace the welt on 2 pairs of very nice men's dress boots.
They both came back initially looking very beautiful and I was very happy to pay their higher-than-other-places price.
It's been less than 6-months.
One pair of boots has had average wear and the other pair has had light wear.
Both of the welts have cracked and are broken in several placed.
I love my shoes and keep them shined and polished, so they didn't fail because they dried out.
I asked Shoe Lab to replace the welt as warranty as I don't feel a welt should fail within 6-months.
The attendant seemed uninterested and offered to perform the work at about 30% off, which is still $85.
Given that I had been a good customer and have had half a dozen shoes resoled over the past year, I was not impressed with the response and opted to stop being a customer.

We have been going to the Shoe Lab for three years.
They put a lift in my wife's one shoe.
They are pricey but I can't compare it to other places because this is the only one we've been to.
Their work always takes several days and I know that in advance and plan for it.
The work has always been first rate.

Fixed my shoes in 5 minutes!
Came in here because the heel on both of my shoes had the nail coming out the end, and under the toes, the shoe was separating.
The guy said "I can fix these in 5 minutes if you would like to wait.
"  Sure!
He wasn't kidding!
Like brand new!
Total: $30 (maybe a little steep in the price, but I like these shoes and they were fixed to perfection!
)  I will definitely keep this place in my pocket for any shoe crisis' that come up!

If I could give them negative stars I would!
They "lost" my purse after I paid half ($75) to get it fixed.
I called, left messages, emailed and the manager never got back to me.
When I went in and spoke to him he said he would call me back and never did.
If you want my opinion I think one of the staff members took it home as a gift for someone.
They never even refunded me the money i paid upfront and no compensation for losing my bag.
DO NOT TAKE YOUR ITEMS HERE!!!
Now I am out $75 and my Gucci bag!

Service while you wait.
Kind of pricey.

I have these old Kenneth Cole boots that I absolutely love but the heels have worn down and one of the zipper tabs have come off.
Decided to take them to Shoe Lab which was convenient to my workplace.
The lady at the front counter quoted me $90 to have the boots resoled and $35(knocked down from $45) to have the zipper pull replaced.
Damn expensive right?
$125 can buy you a nice pair of new boots.
But since I can't find anything close to my beloved boots, I decided to go ahead and pay for them to get fixed.
The woman assured me that my boots will feel the same and nothing about their comfort should change.
The lady said the boots will be ready in 5 days and will call when they're done.
A week passed (no call from Shoe Lab) since I dropped the shoes off so decided to give them a call to inquire about the boots.
The lady on the phone(I assume the same lady at the counter) answered and told me she was busy and that she'll call me back in 30 minutes.
Never called me back.
See, I'm not in any rush to get my shoes back so I call again a few days later and same thing, she's too busy and will call me in 30 minutes.
The time passed and she didn't call back again.
So on my lunch break, I headed down to Shoe Lab, looked the lady in the eye and asked about my shoes.
She literally turns around and goes, "Oh here they are!
They're ready.
" Was that so frickin hard to do over the phone?
Seriously?!
My boots looked fine, zipper fixed and shined.
They shaved down the old heel and glued on a new one and glued a new sole at the bottom of the shoe.
The work looked OK but didn't seem like a $90 job.
And for some reason, the boots have become noticeably tighter.
I don't know what Shoe Lab did but they are no longer the comfy boots that I love.
Now, they'll have to be stretched to fit me properly.
But for this job, I will take my business elsewhere where, hopefully, they don't price gouge and actually have good customer service.

I have been taking my things there since I moved on the west side and always got great results.....
I took a Chanel bag in and they lost it, after 3 years of them giving me the run around they are reluctant to pay me back for the bag that they lost and the $500 I payed to get it cleaned and done.
I found out that they are suing a guy that worked in the store and was stealing merchandise, so I guess I have to pay the price for their issues!!!!
Take your stuff to Jovah on Maryland pkwy he is a small business owner and who I should have trusted with a 6month old bag that I just wanted to get cleaned and have the flap reinforced out of pure love of my bag!!!

A few years back when I bought my first pair of christian Louboutin's, I was told by an associate at that store I should take them to the shoe lab for repair when needed.
About a month ago I did just that.
I had a pair that needed to be re-lacquered as well as a heel replaced along with heel replacement for 2 other pairs.
To my surprise the woman behind the register made it sound like a great bargain at the whopping price of $250, $200 for the loubies and $50 for the two pairs that needed heels.
I should have listened to my gut feeling but I went ahead with the repairs.
I was told they would take 2 weeks because they would need to be sent to the "warehouse"  for the re-lacquering.
Three weeks later I received a call saying they where ready for pick up.
On the message the woman made sure to tell me she had forgotten to charge me extra for a new sole since they cannot re-lacquer without it.
When I arrived she insisted I tip the shoe repair person for doing the repair himself instead of the warehouse.
She added that because she had forgotten to charge me an extra $65 for new soles the warehouse would not re-lacquer them.
The craftsmanship was not what I thought I would receive for that amount of money.
The usual shiny texture of the bottom of the shoe that Louboutins are known for looked mate and painted.
Since I was pressed for time I took the shoes and tried them on later that day.
The two pairs that needed a heel were fine.
Unimpressed with the mate bottom I tried on one shoe and stepped on the ground I then looked at the shoe and the bottom looked completely scrapped as if I had wore them for a week.
I can only imagine if i had actually walked in them.
I called the woman and explained the issue.
She then replied she would have them "repainted" and put a protection shield on them.
I now have to take them back for more repair.
I have a feeling since I didn't pay for the soles they "forgot" to charge me for they decided to skimp on the protector shield.
Over all I feel if your taking a $900 pair of shoes and you pay $200 for repair you expect the work to be up to par.
Unfortunately I'm very disappointed.

They are insane.
I brought in a pair of shoes with some water spots.
I was told it would cost 85.00 to clean them.
And they said it may take the dye out.
I went home used a damp cloth with water only and the shoes are perfect.
What can I say liars and thieves a great combination..
I'm from New York and you know what in New York my shoemaker would have charged me about 10.00 and if it was this simple would have sent me away.
I pay 15.00 for heels by the way.
And I am talking about Soho which is not a cheap neighborhood to live in.

This place is so absolutely expensive.
They quoted me $200 just to clean a medium sized suede purse.
I contacted a place in LA known for repairing designer shoes and handbags and they quoted around $50.

Both the Charleston & Paradise locations are off the hook good.
I bring them a pile of beat up rubble, and magnificent perfection is ALWAYS returned..skilled craftsmen like no other.
I've dropped off footwear suffering chew marks and a vintage pair of shoe heaven in need of a miracle...IMPRESSED very IMPRESSED.
Yes, they're not cheap so if you're in need of a more frugal repair, you'll likely be happier with a lower end shop.
Thanks Shoe Lab, I wouldn't dream of taking my beloved shoe obsession anyplace else.

What a rip off!
I used to take all my shoes and bags here but lately they are gouging big time.
Charged me $140 to add a thin layer of rubber to the soles two 2 pairs of shoes in great condition ( I wanted to make sure they stay in great condition).
When I asked the clerk what the breakdown was, she couldn't even tell me.
I felt overcharged on other recent transactions.
This is the last time I'll be going there- Afterall, there's another shoe repair in Boca Park that has great service and much better prices.
I will be voting with my dollars.
Good bye Shoe Lab!

I would put negative stars if possible.
Took a pair of boots in to repair and it came back worse than i left it.
They said they would fix it again and when i came back to pick them up the second time, they had spray painted the metal hardware to "repair" it.
Twice I waited in the store for them to fix it when i complained and the front clerk Chris told me to come back a third time and call the manager so he could take care of the problem.
He said "the difference between me and you is that I have patience and patience is a virtue.
"  Wow Chris!
Extraordinary customer service!
Good luck with that business model.
You clearly don't know what you are doing.
You lie about being able to fix something, then you screw it up not once but twice then tell your customer you dont know what they do back there in your own store, and that I have to come back now a third time to speak to manager.
To top it all off, you insult me for being disappointed in your poor work and inability to correct it.
Yes, patience is a virtue but to respond with another cliche phrase ... "Karma is a bitch.
"  Anyone looking to get their shoes repaired right the first time... Stay clear of here.
All you'll come away with is a headache and if Chris is assisting you, insulted.

I've been in this shop twice and both times left very satisfied so felt it was best to leave a good review.
The first time I went in because the zipper on my leather jacket wasn't working.
I stopped by and they said they could fix it while I waited.
The craftsman stopped what he was doing and worked on my zipper for a few minutes and my jacket has been working wonderfully ever since.
I think i was charged around 10 or 15 bucks.
Well worth it to get my $400 leather jacket back in action for trips to lovely places in Canada and North Dakota in the winter.
My second visit was even better.
I took in a pair of new boots that I bought but they had a stupid tag thing on the back that would catch my pants every time I sat down and stood back up.
I went in and asked them if they could just cut off the tag in a fashion that wouldn't ruin the boots.
The girl at the front handed them to the craftsman, he worked on them for about 5 minutes, and then gave them back to me.
They looked awesome, like they had been manufactured that way, and of course, my pants don't get caught on them any more.
Best of all when I asked how much they didn't even charge me anything.
Now that's how you earn a repeat customer.
I will definitely be back for any shoe/leather/luggage repairs and suggest anyone looking for quality work do the same.

i have had several  pairs of men's shoes' inserts replaced with leather ones.
took almost 1 month!!
yes, you read it correctly.
like the previous reviewers, unless they do it right there on the spot, forget it.

Located in Boca Park and clearly using loose pricing schemes and hushed talk to pay the excessive rent there is not much positive I can say about Shoe Lab, other than perhaps that they do a good job at making a buck.
Keeping my 'experience' brief, I contacted the store to inquire about the cost of replacing a 1/4 inch loop of brown leather on a pair of double monk straps and was told I'd have to bring the item in for "assessment" - a quick visual inspection by the clerk leading to hushed discussion with the craftsman who very obviously looked both me and the brand over before quoting the random price of $35...$10 more than he'd just quoted a woman before me to replace a worn heel on a beaten up pair of Steve Maddens.
Chuckling at this price and suggesting I'd look elsewhere it was with little surprise that the clerk sprang to action suggesting a "special" price of $25 without consulting her boss - an obvious indication that the former price was based on the label more than the workload and plenty of incentive for me to walk out, taking my business elsewhere.
Admittedly noting that their selection of shoe care products is on par with some of the higher end locations in the city it seems reasonable to assume that the quality of worksmanship is high but never one to support shady business practices I can't say I'm in any rush to affirm the veracity of that assumption.

I've frequented this place 3x over the last couple of months.
A horrible experience all three times and will never go back.
Usually you can get one of three -- great price, terrific quality, or on-time delivery.
Well, they struck out all three visits on all three points.
And to add insult to injury, the associate with the short dark hair was the antithesis of customer service.
She rolls her eyes, speaks with an attitude and tells you that she offers "great customer service" when in fact the shoes aren't fixed right at all and she won't make amends.
When did the customer's opinion stop counting?
Guess she needs to go back to CS school 101.
Anyways, as several others have commented here, the prices are outrageous -- here are some examples: $45 to glue a sole on, $140 to re-heel and glue, $65 to replace buckles.
Now, I'm more than happy to pay high prices if the quality and customer experience are worthy of it -- oh yeah, and if they actually deliver what they promise.
On my re-heel job, they promised to replace with black wood stacked heels.
When I went to pick them up (they finished the work 3 days late by the way), they gave me brown stacked heels painted black -- on $150 high heels.
And they thought they could pull it over to make it even worse.
They handed the shoes to me already bagged up and said "$70 more dollars" on top of the initial $70 I had paid.
When I called them on it, the dark-haired snot got defensive and nasty and rude and obnoxious and a total B*&^H.
I will never be back.
The time before this, I handed over another $95 for them to reheel my dress boots.
I have worn them 3x walking around carpeted conference centers for no more than 2 -3 hours on each occasion and the heels are nearly off on both boots.
They are so close to off, I definitely can't wear them until they are fixed.
I WON'T be going to Shoe Lab to fix them.
I've given them their last dollar from my wallet and I've dealt with the snotty girl with the short dark hair (Ismerelda or something like that is her name but of course she didn't have her name tag on!
LOL!).
If you want your shoes repaired in a quality fashion, delivered when promised, not be charged more than you could buy a new pair for, and interact with a reasonably pleasant associate, I'd suggest that you DON'T GO TO SHOE LAB ---- everything about them is horrible...

