Decided to change up my workout, and wanted to do something different.
Researched via the web and found Hard Knocks.
I have never trained in any martial art, boxing, nor anything similar.
Former baseball player back in the day, and regular weights, treadmill gym for years.
I talked with the owner and felt very good when someone offers 1 week free, with confidence that they will earn your business.
I have taken the "power conditioning" classes and have been challenged, learned several new techniques, and got a great workout each time.
The other students in the class have been really nice and supportive, helping an obvious rookie!
Looking forward to my next class!!!
I highly recommend HNMT !

With Las Vegas hosting so many Mixed Martial Arts events, it's no surprise that we have such an abundance of schools teaching Jiu Jitsu, Boxing, and/or Muay Thai.
Competition between business benefits the customers.
I joined Hard Knocks about 2 years ago.
I asked around to see which Muay Thai schools were good, and a surprising number of my friends who train in Muay Thai said they love training at HK.
I'm not trying to knock on other schools out there with this review, but from the impression I get from other people at competitions, HK has the best trainer and students.
Renzo is not your everyday McMuayThai instructor.
He's actually trained in Thailand, competed in Thailand, and WON in Thailand.
He keeps the atmosphere light when training, but pushes each individual hard.
The students themselves are friendly.
My first week I was pretty intimidated to come in, but everyone was willing to help me on technique and always gave me pointers.
There aren't any guys/girls in here just trying to beat up on people to prove a point.
No Johnny Lawrence's here.
The facility isn't as big as the more main stream schools, but it has everything needed for training.
Price-wise, it's probably the cheapest you're going to come across.
At the time of this writing, HK also offers Jiu Jitsu, taught by a black belt.
Hardknocks offers classes in the morning and evening, and even sessions for kids in the afternoon.
Females need not fear for there is a good number of ladies who train.
And they're pretty tough themselves.
I joined Hardknocks at 255 lbs.
At my lightest I went down to 185.
No other place or sport has been able to motivate me enough to lose that much weight.
5 stars, definitely.

So I recently took advantage of the first week free and I did not regret it, I learned a lot in that short amount of time and the staff is knows their stuff!
Renzo is a great teacher and gets the most out of you, there were times I wanted to quit but he would not let me.
I also was able to train with another teacher Chris who is also a fighter and he gave me a great insight on all the techniques.
Overall if you are looking for a great workout plus excellent kickboxing instruction I would highly recommend Hard Knocks!
It is definitely not for the faint of heart or mind, and it will give you a great workout no matter what level of fitness you are on.
The prices are also a lot more reasonable than most places around Vegas.
Take advantage of the free week and let me know how it turns out!
And try not to get you butt kicked!
Haha, just kidding ;)

great gym for those who want a hard workout or learn the techniques.
Also good for getting ready for a real Muay Thai fight.

The real deal Holyfield.
With so many martial arts gyms to choose from which one do you choose?
You can have all the state of the art equipment, lockers, a plethora of weights and exercise equipment but the bottom line is that It always come down to your instructor.
With head instructor Renzo's numerous certifications, years of experience and training it certainly doesn't make it difficult to decide that he's one of the cream of the crop when it comes to Muay Thai in Las Vegas.
I cannot comment on the additional classes he and his other instructors have to offer: Jits/BJJ and Eskrima/Filipino Martial Arts but the Muay Thai classes were great.
If you're looking to diversify your modes of working out, can afford to join them (forgot the cost) and live in the area you should most definitely check em out.
They offer a one week trial, with numerous class times spread throughout the day.
So there.
No more excuses.
What are you waiting for?
Grab your gloves, wraps and shins of steel, keep ya hands up, don't forget to breathe and get ready for one hell of a ride..

Hard Knocks is a fantastic place to train.
Kru Renzo is extremely good with all levels and adjusts accordingly.
It's a great enviroment, family/team orientated, and always an excellent workout.
You can come to expand your muay thai skill set or you can come to get a good workout.
Regardless, I HIGHLY recommend.
As well, I also strongly recommend privates as you will grow in leaps and bounds and they are well worth your money.
I will never train anywhere else!

Hard Knocks Muay Thai has changed me.
I've lost weight, gained muscle, and I've started running everyday in addition to the kickboxing classes.
In one month, Muay Thai and Renzo have taught me what self discipline means.
That's why I love this place.
Renzo will push you to your limit.
He's a hard-driving coach like no other.
He knows your limits better than you do, and he's always pointing out ways your technique can improve.
Even after years of college classes with a dozens of professors, I can say that Renzo is the best teacher of anything that I have ever met.
I cannot speak highly enough of this gym.

