I wandered into this store today to find an herbal remedy that I had heard about.
I was pleasantly surprised that they had it.
The store was very well stocked and had plenty of varieties of herbal medicine for whatever ails you.
They also offer free yoga classes on Mon at 7:00 p.m. and Wed at 6:30 p.m.
The herbs were a little pricey, but the quality is a lot better than off the shelf at a drug store.
I hope they work!

I found a lot of reviews online that stated that the staff here was rude- I didn't see this at all.
The staff were young and willing to help me out-I had no idea what I needed!
A little pricey but that's the price you pay to keep yourself healthy with natural.
TIP... go in a little before they close, no one was there... :)

Beautiful store, helpful staff, fairly well stocked.
They have had exactly what i have been looking fo both times I have gone in.
The shelves are neat and well stocked and the prices are competitive.

For being into holistic practices and lifestyle, this place makes me giddy.
By far one of the best places to obtain holistic herbs, crystals, and natural vitamin supplements in town.
This is definitely the place to come if you're looking for quality herbs and supplements, though the prices are respective of what they do for your health (in other words, don't expect a bargain out of anything).
You do get high quality for what you pay for, so if you're making an investment in your health for the better... they have some wonderful, natural remedies to find.
This place has an even bigger book section than Whole Foods AND Sunflower Market combined!
Not to mention if you're looking into natural make up products but are too scared of the prices found at Whole Foods and elsewhere, COME HERE!
I was shocked to see the natural mineral eye shadow only for $7!!!
Their jewelry is reasonable as well, beautiful and hand crafted.
This is no small store either, I was surprised at how huge it was!
Besides from supplements, they do have some choices of food products on their shelves.
Organic spearmint breath mints?
Um, yes please!
The staff here are wonderful!
I was helped by a girl who was new, but she was more than willing to help me out the best she can and was excited about her new job.
Happy employees make for happy business and happy customers!

Nice people.
Excellent selection of hard-to find items.
One of the places that makes Las Vegas supremely livable!

Great store, great selection and a knowledgeable staff.
Me and my son ride there often for bulk herbs and they're always kind and answer any questions we have.
I was very surprised how the owner went out of his way to offer us an extract that would help my son's pain ( they didn't normally carry) AND he didn't even charge me!
He said if it helped he would bring it in his inventory.
They're a busy store but they seem to take time for each customer and really care about the health of every person.
THANK YOU to such a nice family!

Great experience coming here.
There's more than enough help you can get when you don't really know what you are looking for or just have questions about getting something that will help you holistically rather than the OTC pharmaceuticals.
I'm trying to kick the flu at the moment and I bought a tincture remedy.
So far, I believe it's working.
(1st day I'm taking it).
Oh!
By the way, if you're trying to find the place, turn in on Essex into the Walmart shopping plaza.
It is east of Walmart.
If you turn on Arville, you've gone too far.

I am in love with this place.
The only thing I dislike is that they dont have one in california.
The staff is friendly.
They have very cheap herbs and all of the herbs you can think of.
They have so many other items and this is the ONLY store like this in Las Vegas.
There is not even that many out here where I live in California like this.
Only one.
I love this place, and I will come here everytime I go to vegas.
I was disappointed when I tried to go on a sunday when I was leaving the next day and they were closed.
I think my heart broke.
I bought enough Items to last me a while.

I've been on the road for the past few years and visit this type of store often.
I can say that is one of the best herbal and general health stores in the country.
A must visit!
Now this is not the same sort of selection of vitamins you see in something like a Whole Foods o Vitamin Shoppe, per se.
They usually don't have 5 brands of the very same thing like those stores tend to uselessly fill their shelves with to give the illusion of "variety".
Usually it's one or two brands of each substance tops.
So instead of the needless duplication in a typical vitamin and herbal shop, they instead focus on having a truly enormous variety of different healing substances and methods.
There is literally something here to help everyone heal, regardless of their condition.
Vitamins, rare herbs, eye training devices, physical and electric massagers, light therapy, the whole shebang.
Generally well chosen versions of each, too.
So not only is the store unusually beautiful, they pick up tons of rare and obscure products you'd have a hard time finding, even on the internet.
The buyer here is amazing, to say the least.
The layout is great and it's all very well run.
You literally don't see such well made stores anymore.
It's a pleasure to see commerce at such a high level, especially in this day and age.
Really is.
This is what capitalism really is supposed to be about -- helping people... and doing your best, most impassioned best to do so.
Visitor to vegas who are into health stores, or even business junkies like the folks who come to the Zappos trainings, should definitely put this store on their must visit lists!
I'm so smitten with store, I forgot to say there is always an herbalist in the store ready to help, haha.
I hear the owner is especially helpful.
Hope to meet them someday, and get some recommendations for pain beyond curcumin and kratom,  If I could ask for anything, I'd ask for organic raw food options, which they are short on.
I'd also say that both Mushroom Science's water extracted mushrooms (their reishi and chaga are incredible) and some some of Ron Teeguarden's high quality Chinese herbs would be a good match for this type of store.
Maybe some of David Wolfe's better products, too, like the Immortal Machine chocolate life extension mix.
God, that stuff is good!!
And this store seems high quality enough to appreciate that kind of thing.
Basically, I guess I'm saying that they could finish the job they seem to have started and replace even more of my internet purchases for me, I'd be a mega happy camper.
:) (and yes, I'm even willing to pay a few bucks more for the convenience factor)

I love this store!!!
I moved to NYC a year and a half ago and we have sooo many "Health" Stores, but NOTHING compares to HG.
The staff is so friendly and knowledgeable.
They are very well educated in their products and the other herbs and products in the store.
The variety is amazing and they will even order something if they don't have exactly what you're looking for.
I love that the HG product line has a formula for almost anything you could think of!
I come to Vegas 3 times a year and stoping at Herbally Grounded to load up on product is a MUST!
I love that you can order on-line, but the store is so fun, I'd rather go in while I'm when I'm in town.

i loved this place but I was super overwhelmed i wanted everything next time i will have to go in there with a list of everything i want so i dont buy the whole store!

Huge selection and crazy friendly staff.
I got a huge bag of loose Red Raspberry Leafs for my pregnancy tea and its very good.
Much better than the other brands you get at the grocery store.
Local honey is delicious as well.
I will be back!

I am love herbs...
Being a herbalist, I must say that this place is great!
Huge selection  of all kind of herbs and friendly staff.
I get all my bulk herbs from Herbally Grounded.

I really enjoy my time here each time I come.
I end up spending a lot on vitamins and essential oils, but I think it is worth it!
It is a very cool-looking shop with a variety of items.
The place is always well-staffed, so there is always someone there to help you find what you are looking for.

Great place to get herbs and vitamins.

Using Capelli their blend for hair growth.
One month and it is making my hair grow faster than any product I have ever tried.

I've been in herbally grounded a few times and the only two times I have needed help the costumer service was HORRIBLE!
The first bad experience was the lady ringing all my items was sick, she was wiping her hand thru the snot on her nose then touching my items.
GROSS!
Then the next visit I asked a different woman named summer I believe for her assistance and she was just so rude.
Making sarcastic remarks, always needing to have the last word and when I asked if she was positive ( because she seemed unsure and I didn't want to buy the wrong thing) she threw her hands up and walked away.
Makes not want to ever shop there again.

I really enjoy this store.
I love the idea of using herbs to help the body function properly, and this store has a huge selection.
There are bulk herbs and herbal mixtures for different purposes (hormone balancing, fighting off colds, etc), and essential oils.
I use their Herbal Defense and give it to my kids in the winter to help with colds.
It is pricey, though.
Every time we've gone in, the staff has been friendly and one of the workers has always immediately offered to help me.

This place has just about everything you need for a healthier, happier you.
While their prices are a little higher than a couple of the shops in town, their staff is friendlier (and I don't have to make them repeat themselves 10-15 times per interaction), the store is much nicer/cleaner, and the selection blows everywhere else out of the water.
A weekly trip here is much easier than three trips to three different spots to get my shopping done - and for that alone, I will pay an extra dollar or two here and there.

This is my favorite store in town.
Huge selection of herbs to buy by pond.
Their "Balance" formula what really save me at my pregnancy.
It is really balance your hormone.
recommended to any women any time!

Super friendly staff, they definitely go out of their way to make sure you are finding everything you want/need.
I bought several herbs from the bulk section as well as some that were their branded products.
I will definitely be coming back.

I love this place.
You can find pretty much anything you need.
Friendly, knowledgeable staff.
I really like their Balance formula for hormone.
I highly recomend this store!

Fantastic place!!!
Everyone is super helpful, and answered my millions of questions that I had.
Great selections of herbs; all in alphabetical order too.
All herbs are organic; if it says "organic" on the tin can, it's because it came from a certified organic farm.
Definitely will frequent this establishment.

I have been here a few times for herbs and vitamins.I am impressed with the high level of customer service and friendliness.
This is my go to location for health and nutrition supplies.

They are always so polite and helpful.
And even if they arent sure about whatever your asking for, they will find out or find a staff member that is knowledgeable on that subject.
They have good sales too and very extensive bulk herb selection.
They offer LOTS of different classes on site as well!
I couldnt think of one negative thing to say about this place if i tried!
except that they are not closer to home!
Wish they had a location closer to sw area!

I enjoy the staff...very helpful and always makes suggestions with and accompanying product to support whatever I am purchasing.
The associate Kaisa was very knowledgeable with loose teas and herbs.
I've got a great combination to help me with my lungs and mucus from the desert sand.
They are a distance away from me, but I don't mind the travel.
Thank you and I am a committed customer.

This was my second trip to verbally grounded and I was not impressed.
I was interested in buying a hand lotion that was half empty and when I asked one of the workers (Olga) if they had a full bottle in the in stock she advised me that the bottle of repair hand lotion comes half way full!!!!!
This is absurd especially being that it cost 13.98!!!!!!!.
So either the staff is not knowledgeable or they should be reported to rip off report.... either way they get 1 star from me today.

Reasonably priced spot for healing herbs by the ounce.
Dandelion root is 98. an ounce vs 15 bucks where I live.
Friendly as staff, a naturalist playground

