4 stars for offering my family an inexpensive/clean/conveniently-located place to stay while passing through Las Vegas.
For anyone out there who doesn't care to stay on the Strip while visiting or passing through Las Vegas, La Quinta (the Airport one) is a great choice.
The rooms are clean and comfortable for the price and the staff are friendly.
We took full advantage of the free 24 hour shuttle service to both the airport and the Strip.
The shuttle was generally available within 30 minutes of when we needed it to be and if it wasn't running, the hotel reimbursed us for the cab ride.
The system worked well for us as we were never in a rush to get anywhere.
My mother, who gets really excited about free continental breakfasts (one last thing for her to worry about, I guess), declared it one of the best continental breakfasts she's ever had.
Highlights of this very important meal as served at La Quinta include belgian waffles (reminiscent of the college dining hall), yogurt, sausages, and hard-boiled eggs.

Good that it is pet friendly with no extra fees.
Bad in that if you need working internet access for work or pleasure.
Free wi-fi works maybe 2 minutes before it is down again so you better type fast and have nothing REALLY important to do otherwise (as staff will tell you, there's a Kinko's across the street or you can try to access the neighboring hotel's wi fi).
Plenty of excuses from staff and phone tech support.
Someone "accidentally" drained the pool, so that was out of commission as well.
Continental breakfast was fair.
Not the worst, not the best.
If you are a meat eater expect sausages with plenty of bread filler.
Room was clean and pleasant enough although somewhat dated.
Interesting that the lq.com site says that it's "newly renovated".
What was it like before???

We transferred to this La Quinta Inn after a terrible experience at the Riviera (including a room break-in and robbery).
This is not a fancy hotel, but it was quiet, clean and comfortable.
We had a King room (not a suite) with a large whirlpool bathtub.
Others in our party had a double-queen room, also with a large whirlpool bathtub, but I don't know if this tub is standard in all rooms.
The hotel is two blocks from the Strip, but has a free shuttle available to take you to several stops along the Strip.
There is also an hourly free shuttle to and from the airport.
They also have free internet access, something else not offered at the Riviera which charged $10 a day!
For the price ($75 for the King or Double-Queen), it was a VERY GOOD VALUE!

The only reason I made a reservation at this place was the wifi.
DOES NOT WORK IN THE ROOMS AS ADVERTISED.
The signal is too weak.
You need to go out in the lobby.
And even then it's spotty and sloooooow.
Soooooooooo frustrating.
10 kb/s is the speed I'm getting right now on my laptop in the lobby as I'm typing this on my iPhone since it's actually faster on 3G.
Lame.

Stayed here several years back w/wife and youngest daughter for a local volleyball tournament .
when day to check out arrived...wife asked front desk clerk if we could use same promotion for the extra day we had stayed...desk clerk was extremely rude and made us wait hours before reprogramming the card keys and locked us out...i had to ask cleaning lady to let me use rest room in adjacent room being cleaned...the manager had no clue about customer service and treated us like criminals...when I loaded baggage in car I couldnt get back in cause card key was not programmed..had to ask maintenance engineer to get back in  and block doors open...even after Mgr indicated that he would fix pblm...it appeared he too was just taking it out on us..it was humiliating especially w/my daughter present...later I wrote a scathing complaint to http://lq.com..and got phone call from manager with apology on answering machine..
I wish I could remember his name for this review but he looked like a shorter version of Jedd Clampett of the Beverly Hill Billies.
I guarantee that I will never stay at this La Quinta Inn & Suites of Las vegas ...again

No reservations on a busy saturday Las Vegas night.
Husband and I walked in, asked for any vacancy wham bamm, in a min we have this very clean and huge room with a pool view  for a reasonable price.
To top that I was surprised about the free internet access, free continental breakfast, free HBO and much  more cable channels, free fitness/gym access, pet friendly with no charge, oh please someone stop me!!!
Where can you get this kinda of deal?.
Oh yeah dont forget about the cleaning staff.. super friendly although much of them does not speak good english but oh well as long as im comfortable and satisfied im cool with it.
I will definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family.

My fiance, dog and I stayed here Memorial Day weekend 2010.
With it being such a busy weekend (not only the holiday but also UFC 114) it was a good place to stay - it was clean, the grounds well maintained and comfortable.
Pros:  1) No pet fee, free milk bones at check in, ample grass to walk pets and they even supply poop bags in case you forgot to bring your own.
2) Free breakfast - fresh waffles, yogurt, sausage, hard boiled eggs, breads, bagels, juices, coffee - for free hotel breakfast, it wasn't too bad - then again, I'll eat just about anything.
:) 3) Free WiFi - from the previous reviews, they must have fixed the problem with the Internet because our WiFi was up and working the entire time with strong signals.
Only one "con" - I wish the pool and jacuzzi were a little cleaner - I have issues with swimming with leaves & flowers that fall into the pool.
Overall, I will stay here again, especially when I decide that my little dog friend is coming to Vegas as well.

This was a nice, comfortable hotel to stay in after driving for five days.
It was cute & clean all around.
They are very cat & dog friendly -- treats are handed to you upon check-in, if you have a dog, and there are grassy areas for walking them.
The basic room included a shower/jacuzzi tub, though we did not test out the jacuzzi.
This hotel is located near everything.
Breakfast is included & you can make your own waffles.
The only annoying thing about this place are the card keys.
They do not work!
Other guests were having issues with them too.
We literally had to swipe the card 10-15 times before entering the building every time.
And we made sure the card was not near a credit card, cell phone, etc.

We chose to stay here because #1: they allow up to two pets for free - no charges at all!
- and #2: it was $75/night.
However, I read reviews on another site about people who got things stolen from their room by maids and I dunno, for some reason I got it into my head that someone might try to steal my dogs!
LOL sounds really dumb and paranoid, but my dogs are really cute and sweet and TRUSTING and if anyone tried to come in, my dogs wouldn't attack them with anything other than kisses and then boom - they could be dognapped.
They're like my kids, alright?
Gimme a break!
;)  Check in was quick, which was good.
We stayed on the second floor and had a room that faced the pool.
The hallways were suuuuuuuper stinky and smelly - and we're not talking just a stale cigarette smell, although that was there too.
It was musty and kinda "wet" smelling, like when your laundry doesn't dry enough and it gets that funky smell.
Speaking of the carpet, the hallway carpets were extreeeeemely dirty - I wouldn't dare walk on it with bare feet!
All the doors had a weird black stain in front of them - eww!
Our room was surprisingly nice, though.
It was quite big (2 queen beds) and clean.
I liked that they had a giant jacuzzi bath tub and was going to try it out but got grossed out when I saw that the bottom of the tub was flaking off in different areas.
The pool was a little dirty, with floating leaves and stuff which normally bothers me, but I got over it when I realized that hardly anyone was in it!
I'd rather swim in leaves and twigs than someone else's piss!
That's not to say that someone couldn't have done that earlier, but I had been peeking at the pool all morning and saw only one adult person in there, who was on his way out when we got there and he was just doing laps.
Another couple came in and swam for about half an hour before getting out to work out in the gym which is located right next to the pool.
We didn't eat the free breakfast because we woke up too late for it on Saturday and to be honest, it didn't sound appealing.
Plus, the hallways were so dirty and stinky that when we would step out of our room, all I could think of was leaving the hotel right away, so I didn't want to eat their food - who knows what condition the kitchen is in anyway?!?!?
We won't be staying here again.
The one star were for the big room and the fact that they don't charge for pets.
However, after staying here, I now know for SURE that we won't be back with our dogs - at least not at this place.

This particular Inn and Suite is definitely a pet friendly place, too bad I didn't have any pets to check in.
I did hear a dog bark here and there and the over zealous reaction of the pet owners when they arrived back from a brief separation from their "kids.
"  The room was clean and neat.
I stayed for one night at $69 dollars with free shuttle service to and from the airport as well as free drop off/pick up on the strip at particular locations.
Location of La Quinta is close to a plaza that has a Thai restaurant, a Jersey Mikes  and other little stores.
I was surprised at how big the bathtubs were, which so happen to come with jets.
Lobby is equipped with soda machines and snack machine.
The lodging served me well for my brief visit for an interview.
Room amenities include breakfast, blow dryer, iron and board, shampoo and conditioner combo and hand and face soap, microwave and most importantly FREE Wi-Fi internet in the room.
The bed was quite comfortable but the pillows I felt were a little hard.

We were stopping on Vegas on a cross-country trip with two small dogs.
This place is easy to find, only a few blocks from the strip ($12 cab ride from the main area), and is very pet friendly (NO FEE, designated 1st floor rooms, grass areas inside the property with poop-bag stations,  and access to a for-hire pet sitter)  Rooms were spacious and clean with a microwave and fridge, although the jacuzzi tub had seen better days (clean, but definately old and well used)  Staff seemed friendly enough, the hotel has an airport shuttle and a shuttle to take you to the strip.
Pool and gym were clean too.
Breakfast was fairly standard for free-breakfast places (waffles, toast/bagels, cereal, coffee/juices, yogurt & fruit)  Overall - convienent, clean, pet-friendly, worth the money

We stayed here overnight last weekend.
Check In was a breeze, Front Desk Staff was very friendly.
They have a 24/7 shuttle that goes to the Strip or to the Airport.
We didn't use it as we had rented a car, but it was good to know it was available.
The room was nice, clean, what a normal basic hotel room looks like.
There was a refrigerator and microwave, iron with board and coffee maker.
The bathroom was clean also, plenty of towels for 2 people and the bathtub was huge!
This La Quinta does allow pets, so you will hear dogs barking.
The key cards acted up a little, sometimes they wouldn't open the door at first try, but keep swiping it and it will work.
Check in is 3pm, Check Out is 12pm.
I was disappointed that they didn't allow us Late Check out, they said they were booked and couldn't even give us an extra hour.
I offered to pay, but they said they had nothing available.
I will definitely stay here again, especially if staying longer than a weekend.
It's easy access to the strip by Car or Shuttle, and a Taxi shouldn't charge you more than $15.
At $69 a night, it was definitely worth it.

We planned a trip to Vegas over 4th of July weekend, and we decided to bring our dog this time around.
We love having him around...he's old and mellow and he wants to be with us, too.
We also wanted to avoid the strip as it was a holiday weekend and we're getting a bit old for the craziness (watch it, not THAT old)...but, you know what I mean.
Check in was very easy, they gave us a treat for the pooch.
The rooms are nice and clean.
The showers are getting a little dingy and the TVs are pretty old...but I did see a sign that they are upgrading to flat-screen in the coming weeks.
The free breakfast is what you'd expect - be prepared to fight off children for your waffle...or, any free food for that matter.
The grassy area is GREAT for the dogs...they can keep their paws cool in that heat, and they have poopy bags.
The little gym they have isn't bad either - I got in one work out at least!
The only problem I really had with the hotel was the pool.
Granted, we KNEW this wasn't going to be the Bellagio, but, by the time we wanted to take a dip around 7pm one night, the pool was quite cloudy, there were no towels and there were a TON of kids in the pool.
Now, I know this isn't particularly the hotels fault - but, I did see people looking for towels throughout the day.
We would definitely stay at this hotel again if we were traveling with the dog....I even recommended this place to my dad, who will like it for the price and the free shuttle to the strip.
We didn't love all the kids (particularly teenagers) at this place, but again, the hotel doesn't have control over that.
You get what you pay for and if you're traveling with an animal, this place really fits the bill....but, next time I'll bring my own beach towels and cocktails for the pool!
:-)  FYI...trying to give this 3.5 stars...but couldn't figure out how to do so....

Pro:  You can tell they are trying to provide top-notch customer service, but the cons just outweigh the pros.
Cons:  1.
The place is not "dirty", but it's definitely not clean.
It just seems like they do the basic cleaning, but don't clean around corners or have a high attention to detail  2.
The rooms are very small.
It felt very cramped with two people in the upgraded room with a mini fridge.
We were here for four days and they only cleaned once.
Granted we had the do not disturb sign on the door from 2PM-8AM, but that should have been plenty of time to clean.
The final day we had it off from 8AM-8PM and they showed up around 7:30PM.
They gave us new towels and made the beds, but didn't replace the toilet paper which was empty (we even put the empty role on top of the toilet so they would see.
They trashed the empty role).
They also did not give us new shampoo or soap.
The bottles were extremely small, so we were out of shampoo/soap as well.
Forget using the elevators.
You can expect waiting 1-5 minutes for them to finally show up  5.
The ice machines are broken except on the 1st floor  6.
It's nice that they offer a free morning breakfast, but it's only from 7-9am and low quality.
Corn flakes, OJ, Coffee, plain bagels, yogurt, toast, self-make waffles, bananas, red apples, and hard boiled eggs.
It just tasted like a low grade Denny's.
Our car got broken into the last night we were there.
The parking lot had low light and someone broke the front window and took a stereo system.
I guess the alarm didn't wake anyone.
We got in around 4AM, so they  must of done it just after that.
We asked the front desk to call the police for us and they said they were not allowed to.
I'd recommend just staying on/near the strip in a higher end place.
You might save a few bucks on room rates at the LaQuinta, but you'll have to get a new stereo and car window.

We stayed at the La Quinta Inn for 1 reason only - because they allow cats.
Vegas has a very pet-UNfriendly policy and those hotels that allow them allow dogs only and so while we would have paid for a nicer hotel and location, we stayed here.
Here's what you need to know.
- our lights didn't all work - half the channels on our tv didn't load (and I'm not talking about any special channels.
I'm talking about NBC and CBS and such) - our room REEKED of piss  Let me say that we weren't expecting the La Quinta Inn being some cheaper replacement for a strip-grade hotel.
We just wanted somewhere to stay the night on our cross-country drive that was clean and didn't smell nauseatingly of waste.
I get that accommodating pets is a tricky business but I didn't pay $80+ to be placed in the back of the hotel in a room of THAT quality off-strip.
You want budget STAY ELSEWHERE please for your sake.

Stayed here 1 night on my way home from the Grand Canyon.
The front desk crew was very nice and even recommended a good place to grab a pizza.
The room was dirty, I know it's Vegas but I expect a clean place.
The bed didn't have clean linen's.
The bath tub was still filthy from the previous person staying in our room.
I usually stay with La Quinta as it is a preferred hotel chain by my company and I never have had poor service with them before.
This was not the case this time.
Very disappointed.

Beware !
This place swipes your credit/debit cards multiple times and then says "they didn't go through"..Got home checked our bank/credit card statements and what do you know ?
Charged 3x for ONE room.
When you call and attempt to get money refunded, all you get is attitude and no help.
Something VERY fishy here.
Rooms are pretty mediocre, bad neighborhood.
Breakfast is a zoo  and not that great.

I have stayed at this hotel many times.
It is always a great place.
There is a nice pool, and courtyard.
You don't have to deal with the drama of the strip lots of parking in their private lot.
Close to the airport.
They have free breakfast every morning and it is good.
Free internet, and fridge and micro in the room.
Huge bathtubs plus shower.
Price is very reasonable.
They even have a free shuttle that  will take you where you need to go.
I really like this place and They are always friendly.

I love when I check into a hotel and the clerk makes me feel like I am the only guest in the place.
Hector checked us in, and he was awesome.
We brought along our dog and they even had two dog treats bagged up for us to give to him.
That little gesture goes a long way with me.
The hotel was clean, and our room was lovely.
All of the employees were friendly.
My husband and I especially liked the pet area that goes around the pool.
I am only taking off one star because their breakfast is pretty blah and could use a bit of an upgrade.

Went to Vegas last weekend and stayed at this Hotel.
I was a little worried after reading a few reviews on here but thought I'd give it a try.
All the rooms at the major casino's were going for $199 and up, and they had a room for 79 bucks a night, price was right!
I'll start with the cons just cause there was only a couple...  Cons-  Tub didn't want to drain Had to run across the street to get a taxi.
(we were meeting friends at a different hotel not Harrah's where the free shuttle goes.
) Parking a little tight  Pro's-  up to two dogs free (didn't bring my dogs to this hotel, but nice to know) free breakfast 24/7 free shuttle to/from Harrah's Casino on the strip 24/7 free shuttle to/from airport Free Wifi clean cheap comfortable bed fast check-in friendly staff surrounding area not as bad as I was expecting  rooms quiet throughout the night

Just needed a place to crash, since we checked in at 8 and would leave asap in the morning.
But what an experience in those few short minutes of going from check in to the room.
Pulled into the parking lot, ghetto (but what do you expect) all around us.
People just laying and loitering around the entrance, parking lot was a scary dive, and beautiful and loud sex sounds coming from the first room we passed on the way to our room.
People were sitting and laying in the hallway, where am I?
Oh yeah Las Vegas.
Once we got to our room, I think we were safe.
Fridge did not work, so our food spoiled.
It was very pleasant in the morning (probably because everyone was passed out in bed and the freaks only come out at night).
We had breakfast and got the Fs out!
Good place to crash, just close your eyes and ears on the way to your room.

* Un-stocked bathroom (no toilet tissue) or facial tissue * Refrigerator that just made noise without keeping food cold, so our food spoiled over night * Wifi was intermittent as they had set same channels are neighboring hotels and signals never were able to stay connected, so useless wifi with constantly disconnecting signals.
It may be free but it is not usable at all.
* Shuttle Bus service monopolized by large group so general guests could not use it for most of afternoon.
SO guests has to be taxied to destinations and had to wait for outside taxi to arrive.
* Back security door of hotel that should have been locked all the time was totally open and unlocked so anyone could come into the hotel at any time, not only guests.
Very dangerous.
We are LaQuinta members and will never stay with them or recommend them again.

I am a Las Vegas Resident and I have stayed at this hotel several times because I live far fr4om the strip and sometimes do not want to drive all the way back home.
Granted it is no Aria or Wynn for a hotel off of the strip with decent rates it is nice.
a little older looking within the halls but the did some small upgrades in the rooms.
The staff is usually always friendly.
I have not eaten the breakfast or anything so not sure how that is but as a local if I am not staying on the strip but want to be near it this would be one of my first choices.
The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because the parking is not all that great at night once everyone returns to the rooms.

Not too bad.
Good price for a big city hotel.
The pool was really refreshing after a day of driving.
Far enough off the strip that you can avoid it if you want, but close enough that you can go.
Not as friendly as your average roadside la Quinta, but that's to be expected in the middle of a city.
Definitely a good choice if LV is an overnight stage on your journey, and not your destination.
Good restaurants within walking distance.
I would stay here again.

So, this was probably the worst La Quinta we stayed at on our trip across the country.
Not the worst hotel, just worst La Quinta that I've been to.
It smelled.
Like, super funky.
Good thing I had a candle, just for that sort of thing!
Customer service was good, beds were good, shower was good (tub is huge!!!).
The room was clean.
I would recommend this hotel, but maybe try to get something closer to the front.

This is a nice, clean hotel with friendly staff.
We are very grateful for the chain's pet friendly policies.
However twice during our road trip we stayed at this hotel and twice they failed to match our accommodation requests.
We were told they'd do their best to get us adjoining rooms but failed to.
To "make it up to us" they offered us a suite on the way home with a roll away bed.
Upon check in we were told that there were no roll aways available.
This left our third child without a comfortable place to sleep.
Next time we're traveling through, we'll stay at another La Quinta.
I must give compliments to the shuttle driver, he was very professional and nice.

The only reason we frequent La Quinta on road trips is because we always have our bulldog with us and most hotels usually don't allow pets.
So naturally we needed to find an abundant hotel that accepts pets.
This hotel is usually pretty darn cheap and is always clean and has since upgraded their old school TV's to some flat screens.
I have no quams about staying here and they seem to be absolutely everywhere.
So if you have pets and need a place to stay it should be here.

Booked this hotel during one of the busies event times of the year: the Consumer Electronic Show (CES)  PROs: - Clean and friendly staff - Affordable (paid $115 / night + taxes during CES) - Breakfast included (very basic) - Free shuttle to the strip, aiport and convention center  CONS - Internet is almost nonexistent, despite it's free.
WiFi loses signal constantly or simply doesn't have the bandwidth, at any time of the day, to support a basic connection.
The lobby is your best bet - Located non in a central area.
I didn't mind waking the 20 minutes to the Convention Center

At La Quinta, no matter where it is located, I have always had a consistently good experience.
The rooms are nothing special, but they usually check off our major needs list when we are on a road trip:  Does it have a clean bed?
Check.
Does it have a hot shower?
Check.
Is it affordable?
Check.
Is it going to be located in the city/town we are stopping in?
Check.
Can they accomodate last minute reservations?
Check.
Do they allow slightly overweight, gas-y, lazy, flat-faced, wrinkly guests?
Check.
So, I got myself a rewards card and now, no matter where we travel we stay here.
Honestly, I was pretty bummed we had to stay here on our trip through Vegas, though.
We had our dog with us so it severly limited the places we could stay in and afford on our trip.
(By the way, that slightly overweight, gas-y, lazy, flat-faced, wrinkly guest I was speaking of earlier was my English Bulldog, not my husband.
I just want to clarify so I don't get in trouble later!
) I was surprised to find that there were a few hotels on the strip that did allow dogs.
I have never seen them on the strip or in any hotel/casino, so I just assumed they weren't.
But, I was shocked to see that it is considered an upgrade to stay in a dog-friendly room and therefore the price practically doubled per night!
But no fear, the La Quinta saved the day!
They even offered a free shuttle that takes you to Harrah's on the strip so you don't have to keep taking a cab back and forth.
It will also pick you up from Harrah's at the end of the night if you just call and wait for it outside by the taxi call.
This made having to stay here all the more enjoyable and tolerable.
I mean, who seriously wants to stay in some ho-hum hotel off the strip when you are in Vegas?!
Not this girl!

Quite dated.
Not seedy, but not great.
We were there four nights.
Had to ask for soap, had to ask for shampoo, no drinking cups, toilet ran, fridge door hard to close...  Breakfast was OK, decent fitness center and pool area.
Overall, couldn't give it 3 stars.

Affordable and appears to be clean.

this place is walking distance to the convention center if youre in town for that and lots of resturaunts  around it.
its pet-friendly but on my stay I found ppl walking their dog in the parking lot, letting it shit in the parking lot and not picking it up, there was also dog piss in the elevator that wasnt cleaned up for hours, I wont be returning to this establishment because of those two incidents.
If you dont mind that stuff the Continental breakfast is pretty good and they do have a nice pool

Our flight was cancelled with Jet Blue and they sent us to stay at this hotel until we could fly out in the morning.
We were afraid we might be sent to a awful hotel but once we arrived the front desk was so friendly and helpful.
Although we did not have a reservation, since our flight was cancelled, they quickly found us a room.
They directed us to the nearest restaurant that would accept our meal voucher we received from the airline.
They had a shuttle arranged to pick us up and take us to the airport in the morning.
When we had any questions or problems someone was sent to our room within a minute, I could not believe it.
The rooms were very clean and the bed was very comfortable.
What I liked the most was the room was quiet and you would pull the shade to get some much needed sleep after our weekend in Las Vegas.
Although it was awful not being able to fly home as we planned they made our stay as comfortable as possible.
I would recommend this hotel.
Also we saw several dogs so I am assuming they are pet friendly as well, that is a huge plus.

Stayed here as a last resort during EDC.
Pros:  Free Internet Late Checkout Affordable Decent Breakfast  Cons: Our room, smelled like the stalest cigarette ever.
I felt like I was breathing cancer everytime I walked into our room.
I was so over it we cancelled our last night and left early.
The african-american girl at the front desk couldn't have been more confrontational and uninformed about everything she was doing on numerous occasions.
Booking, calling a taxi, etc.
The manager during the day was helpful to a point.
I wouldn't reccommend staying here unless you have to.
There are so many more fun places to stay in Vegas, and nicer too.

Had a family emergency and had to take a quick trip to LV for a funeral.
Didn't have time to plan out anything and ended up not finding a kennel or dog sitter for out 80lb pitbull.
So Glad this place is let pet and [pitbull] friendly, the rooms are cool, pool, gym and common areas are nice as well.
Got pretty cheap rates and some of the staff were helpful...well just DJ who turns out to also be originally from the Bay Area.
Anyways, when we checked in the girl at the front desk, Denerka or Denera said that we'd be liable for any damages done to the room since we had a pet  (totally understandable) but when I asked for a checklist or something to go off of to make sure very thing was good or to make sure we were in agreement about prior damages, they said "we don't do that".
so I asked them "how do you know what is and isn't damaged and how do you determine who and what gets charged?
" ...all I got in response was "don't worry about any extra charges.
" what??
really?!!
so first thing I did was examine the room and took pictures on my iPhone to have pictures and evidence of the damages already done...I even called them right after checking the room and they said "I'm sorry you feel you have to do that, but if it makes you feel better, go ahead.
" and hung up.
ughhh... already peeved.
other than that here's what I like and why I don't.. good: room is spacious, AC works, we're close to the exits and common pet areas, fridge and microwave work, close to lots of food, strip is down the street.
Beds and pillows are comfy bad: customer service sucks.
smh.
the bathtub/shower was pretty grimey...but it's alright I always bring shower and bathroom cleaner and shower with slippers when staying at hotels...  also, the card keys make up their own mind to when and which doors they work with, t was frustrating having to slide and re-slide the key to get into the building and the room....sometimes sliding the card up to 8 times til it worked.
now I'm sitting here as I type up this review, waiting  here to meet with the manager Lisa...
I've been waiting for the last 20 minutes to make sure we do a walk thru of the room and that we don't get charged for all this BS.
Cathy at the front desk was of no use, when checking out she said "don't worry about the charges, there shouldn't be any" and I asked for something in writing an she could not provide anything to me...so here I am still waiting.. no check in, nada.
fast forward, manager doesn't show up and they send in the "head of room services" her name is Lady- we inspect the room together and I show her the pictures in my phone and point out each flaw we found.
she guarantees that everything will be fine and im still not too comfortable with the answers or responses I got [which wasted 1hour of my life].if I could suggest something: have a check off list for damages already done to room and work on your people skills.
Don't get me wrong, we like La Quinta, but things can be better and there's always room for improvement.
I'll be waiting to see my "final charges" on my card....which better not reflect any extra charges.
Please look at the pictures, I will provide the photos I took of the room.
Happy travels and cheers to hopefully a better stay for you.

Great value for the price.
I have a large king room with fridge and microwave for under $60.
I'm in pet row and occasionally it sounds a bit like a kennel down here, but I'm so grateful for La Quinta, which takes all breeds with no deposit or extra fee.
Outside the dog policy, what I love about La Quinta is that the beds and pillows are always fresh and comfortable.
Anyway, this appears to be an older hotel (it's enormous) and the hall carpets are disgusting; but the outdoor areas are really nice.
Lots of grass and shade and poop bag stations.
When it's 108 degrees at 7 p.m. you notice these things.
The pool is big and pretty also.
Breakfast is pretty basic.
Mostly continental, but with fresh fruit, yogurt and boiled eggs.
Not sure this would be an ideal vacation hotel--it's a long way from the strip, but for a stopover, especially with dogs, it's great.
On the other hand, as nice as the pool is, it might work for a budget family vacation.
I've been staying in La Quintas for more than a year now on two cross country drives and have never been hit up for an extra pet charge.
Stephanie B., this is NOT like some Caribbean car rental agency that gets mad when you don't buy their insurance and tries to rip you off when you return the car!
Calm down, girl!

Literally the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.
The list of horrors we encountered at this place included: An odor of urine which ran throughout our room.
Unswept floors which included rat poop and toenails.
Stains and hairs on the sheets, as well as a large cockroach which welcomed us at the start of our visit.
Avoid if possible.
Whatever "deal" you might find online simply isn't worth it.

Three of my friends and I stayed here for our girl's vegas trip.
We wanted to get two adjoined rooms.
They couldn't get us adjoined rooms, but they managed to get our rooms close to each other.
Parking is outdoor, however, there is a small underground parking that can fit about 14 cars (left side of the hotel).
It's worth it to park underground to avoid the sun!
This place serves complimentary breakfast.
Breakfast is decent.
It has bagels, toast, waffles, oatmeal, cereal, fruit and yogurt.
There are very few tables though.
Get ready to fight for a table!
The pool looked nice.
We didn't go swimming here though.
The rooms themselves were fine.
Don't expect anything super nice, remember, you pay for what you get.
This place has all of your basic requirements though.
The air conditioning worked great.
The bathrooms were old, but I expected this.
I didn't think they were too bad.
The beds were comfortable.
The rooms come with a coffee maker and refrigerator that came in handy.
We had cable and watched a few movies while we were there.
There is free wifi, but it doesn't work very well.
I understand you can plug into the internet outlet which has faster internet.
Our room had a whirlpool shower/tub.
I used it as a shower though.
The two big things I didn't like: 1.
Noise - rooms are not sound proof and you can hear anyone in the hallway.
So, turn the fan on in your room.
It was drown out most of the noise from the hallway.
Also, keep in mind that anyone standing in the hallway can hear you in your room.
Doors into the hotel.
There is a trick to get the doors to open with your keycard when entering the building.
First, you should check to see if the door is already open.
It may be slightly ajar.
Jiggle it to make sure.
Then try to open the door with your keycard.
In conclusion, I liked this place.
I got what I paid for.
If you want something extravagant and super nice, you probably shouldn't stay here.

Really?
I'm wondering if we stayed at the same hotel as some of the other reviewers?
This place isn't perfect but it's certainly not the rathole some of these people are trying to make it out to be.
I admit, the hallways aren't as clean as they can be and the pool area was a mess when we went down on Sunday morning, but the room we stayed in was clean and comfortable, with better appointments than any other hotel we've ever stayed at in this price range.
I mean where are you going to get a pillowtop bed, feather pillows, flat screen TV, free breakfast and no extra charge for pets for this price?
We stayed on the 2nd floor pretty close to the covered parking area and it was very quiet.
We didn't see or hear people talking in the halls nor did we hear any noise whatsoever from the adjoining rooms.
We didn't see any ghetto trash people hanging around nor did we hear dogs barking.
We also didn't see or hear a vacuum cleaner during our entire 2-night stay, hence the dirty hallways......something they could definitely improve upon.
Also, the first room they gave us stunk horribly like stale cigarette smoke.
They said it was a non-smoking room and someone must have smoked in there, but this was definitely not a case of only one or two people smoking in there.
I mean, it was bad.
But they were extremely accommodating about it and gave us another room immediately that did not smell like smoke one bit.
The staff was always very courteous and accommodating.
On our first morning, my husband got our breakfast and we enjoyed it in bed in our room.
On the 2nd morning, we got our breakfast and enjoyed it poolside.
The pool area is pretty, uncrowded and relaxing, surrounded by landscaping that is obviously cared for.
Despite the overflowing trash bins and used towels laying around everywhere, it was nice to relax and enjoy our breakfast out there.
The pool is heated too, which is nice even in summer.
Although this hotel is  not perfect, we would definitely go back.
It's a great place for the money especially for people with pets.

Worst experience ever!
Wi-Fi out for two hours Tubs were Disgusting and our number for our room wasn't a plate like the rest of them, it was written in ink!
Seriously !
My parents were very disappointed with this.
We should've gone to the days inn!

It is what it is for $105.00.
for a weekend day.
It is a pet friendly hotel and the only one that I have found that does not charge a fee for a pet.
Big plus to La Qunita.
The room is normal, the room was smoking though I asked for non smoking but I checked in late and the place was sold out.
The room has a cable access TV, internet that is not reliable, bathroom not real clean, and two light fixtures that don't work.
Noisy, and walls not soundproof.
La Quinta has free shuttle service to the strip which is a huge plus considering the traffic jam.
The breakfast is only good if you get there about 6:30 am.
Security is present.
Not to bad for a cheap hotel near the airport.

We were treated with disdain and disgust bc we arrived around 6 in the morning and hadnt made reservations, very bad customer service involving two people as both gave us an attitude.
We as a result decided not to stay there and went elsewhere.

Only gets a second star because it's dog friendly and it's not Motel 6.
Hands down the worst La Quinta I've ever stayed at, across multiple states.
The door cards kept becoming demagnetized and the front desk would always insinuate that it was my fault because they came too close to a phone or credit card - not the case.
The bathroom was disgusting and the tub floppy, poorly draining, chipped and dirt stained.
They give one tiny, terrible bottle of shampoo and a bar of soap.
The towels are flat and hard.
The coffee at breakfast was brown tinted water.
And they were completely unhelpful in helping to arrange even an hour later checkout.
Not worth the money, there are equally craptastic places at half the price.

This is one of the better Laquinta's I've stayed at.
Free shuttle service to the airport and the strip.
Leave plenty of time for the strip bc if there's one van running, you have to wait.
It's walking distance to restaurants and the bus so you're not screwed without a car, free breakfast, nice exterior, comfy beds, business center which I've never seen at a LQ, and a fridge and microwave in the room.
The staff is extremely nice and there is even a laundry room.
No complaints and I will definitely be back

Undoubtly, the worst La Quinta we ever stayed in.
The staff is very pleasant and friendly and they need to be since the place is just about a dump.
It took us 3 tries to find a room with a clean shower and a fridge that worked .
The towels are thin and rough as is the toilet paper.
The furniture is old and stained .
The bed however was comfortable and room was overall clean.
Two stars since one of the managers was nice enough to upgrade us to a king suite after sensing our frustration.
Would I return ?
Not to that location ever .

TERRIBLE!
Wow, I hate to leave bad reviews hence I haven't but this place is terrible and I must warn you.
I am only giving one star because I can't give zero stars.
The staff was great but the place is really a dump.
We chose this place because we brought our dog and this place may be dog friendly but it isn't human friendly.
lamps were not turning on, stains on carpet, drapes and towels.
I did not take a shower because I didn't have any plastic bags to wrap around my feet.
We used a pair of socks for "walking on the carpet" that I will throw away after.
I also am glad I had my tetanus shot and our Yorkie has been vaccinated!

The TV had to be fixed first thing as it wasn't working.
The toilet got plugged twice.
The tub was so disgusting I was sure I'd get a disease standing in it.
It smelled bad and the breakfast was difficult to get to as you had to leave your room, go outside and around the pool checking lots of doors as the key only works in some of them and it was freezing outside.
Our key only worked some of the time.
The parking lot was filled with broken glass.
This place was the worst hotel I've stayed in.

Nice, helpful friendly staff.
This hotel is off the strip but they offer free 24 hour shuttle but if for any reason the shuttle isn't available you can get a receipt from the taxi and la QUINTA will reimburse you!!!
(about $9ish from Harrahs)  rooms are a bit old school but over all nice n clean.
the only bad thing I'm going to say is that the bathtub looks dirty it really needs to be reglazed.
other than that it was a great stay

The staff was helpfula and from outside the place looks fine, but as i came in people were complaining about the quality, and there were at least three persons filing complaints.
Corridors were dingy and old.
My room was marginally ok but the restroom was scary, and i even placed a towel on the shower floor cause it was stained and looked bad.
Not coming here again.

Stayed here several months ago and I must say they were awesome!
Customer service was great and since I'm a lq elite member I get upgraded to a suite.
Two rooms balcony huge tub living room area.
Room was clean and it was quite.
Pool was nice and hot tub was relaxing.
Will stay again.

This is possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.
I would not recommend to anyone ever.
I stayed here for 3 nights with my traveling volleyball team and could not have experienced more discomfort.
The people at the front desk were rude and quite frankly did not care to help anyone.
They treated my team and my coaching staff with such disrespect I was appalled.
On the first night we arrived, there was a repulsive smell coming from outside the hotel and I thought it was the outside air, when I rushed inside I was disgusted to find that the hotel lobby smelled worse than the outside air.
The smell was there all 3 nights and was almost unbearable.
It was a mixture of the cigarette smokers, pot smokers, and smell like manure.
They had no security and obviously did not care that customers were "hot boxing" their hotel rooms and would completely stink up the rest o the hotel.
The breakfast room could not be smaller and each day I had to stand to eat dried out waffles, watery coffee, and corn syrupy yogurt.
The best part about this trip at the hotel was that my teammates across the hall from me got their room BROKEN into and got large amounts of money and personal belongings stolen WHILE THEY WERE SLEEPING.
Someone came in their room during the day took a backpack that had a room key in it, and proceeded to use the room key that same night around 11:30 and break in.
My teammate had over $1000 stolen from her as well as two other girls.
The following day a couple 3 doors down from us proceeded to tell us that her husband was pick pocketed the previous night IN THE HOTEL LOBBY.
The entire coaching staff and team went down to inform the front desk what had happened and the biotch (excuse my language) at the front desk could not have cared less.
She said, "listen this would happen anywhere do not accuse my staff" Never once did anyone accuse the staff at the hotel and she rudely got in our faces to say that rooms get broken into at EVERY HOTEL.
In the 15 years I have been traveling, I have never had my hotel room broken into.
Just when I thought it couldn't get worse the last night we were there the hotel RAN OUT OF TOWELS.
My team had just played all day from 1pm-10pm and came back to the hotel to shower and go to bed because we had to play at 6am the next morning, and the hotel ran out of towels.
Not one single towel in the hotel left.
The lady at the front desk said the maids left for the night and she didn't have a clue how to work the dryer to dry the towels.
We eventually got over it and called the front desk to ask for a wake up call in the morning and they continuously IGNORED the call.
I have never been more disappointed in a hotel and no one should ever stay here, I would've rather stayed at a motel 6 than this hotel.
I guess I shouldn't have had high expectations when I pay $50 a night.
Worst 150 bucks I've ever spent.
Do not bring children here, it's honestly not safe.
I would rate this hotel 0 stars if I could, not sure if that's an option.

My family and I are very pleased with our stay here at La Quinta Inn & Suites Las Vegas Airport.
First off, check in was painless thanks to Johnny.
The room and property were ok, but we didn't stay on it very long since we had plans with family there in Vegas.
Second, being pet friendly with no extra charge.
Third, free all you can eat breakfast!!!
Money saver, boo-ya!!
Don't expect a smorgasbord of stuff, but it will fill you up at least until lunch or maybe dinner.
Finally, just a few suggested improvements for La Quinta, maybe more lighting in the hallways and carpet deodorizer.
Kind of dark and dreary.
Reserve front parking for check-in.
Wasn't sure where to park when I got there, so I parked in the red zone.
Would save guests a few minutes.
Overall, a good stay for the money!!!
Keep it up guys!!!
Will definitely come back on our next trip to Vegas.

Great!
One thing I have learned so far is....never trust the horrible reviews, the  negative reviews from other "Yelpers" come from a very superficial place.....the hotel was great, clean and convenient, the free shuttle to the strip saved me lots of money.
I had a great experience

Was in town for the Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly music festival, and didn't want to pay the $200/night fee at the event resort, so I booked a last minute reservation here through Priceline.
There was a mix up with the reservation we made through Priceline but Cesar attended me during check-in and was very helpful.
He fixed the error and got me (and my group) a great deal.
The staff was friendly, room was very clean and spacey.
I would stay here again.

Room: DIRTY.
ONLY reason to stay in this inn was we brought our dog.
Staff- the guys who worked inside was friendly but the lady who worked at front on April 25, 2014 Friday around 5pm was rude.
There were 2  but one seems friendly but other lady(tall one) was straight rude.
Anyways im gonna find a dog sitter  before I come to Vegas so I could stay at the strip.
NEVER COMING BACK HERE EVER AGAIN.
WiFi= they said it's a new high speed whatever but  it was a TOTALLY LIE

Quiet, clean and clean room.
Very good price for the area.
Wouldn't have minded staying here for a few more days rather than moving along to the strip.
Spacious bathroom, clean and with a nice bath tub and shower.
Parking was sort of weird and lacking, but there is a multi level garage.
I would stay here again.

Generally quiet  Comfortable bed Renovations needed Lackluster breakfast Great service very friendly

I just arrived home from an epic family vacation to Vegas, Lake Mead, and the Grand Canyon and this is the sole one star review.
The short and sweet of it is that we booked rooms several months ago using points from their loyalty program, "La Quinta Returns".
Well, in the middle of our vacation we got a call from this hotel that they had retroactively decided to set a blackout date and cancelled our rooms.
Good job, jerks.
You just made sure that a large family spanning four generations of former good customers won't be returning to any La Quinta.

Let's be honest - I was looking for a budget place and that's what I got.
Internet was worthless in my room.
Awful for the business traveler.
The place is like a maze, once you park you can barely figure out how to get to your room.
And once you're inside it is difficult to exit without a key if you're parked on the back side.
Not only is that a pain, you also don't want to spend much time walking through the stained carpet hallways...trust me.
The AC unit was erratic, it seemed to stop working between 4 and 8am when I would wake up in a sweat with all my sheets thrown off.
One plus side is that the pillows were pretty comfortable.

We are loyalty members because we like to travel a lot with our dog.
Hands down this is the worst La Quinta we've ever stayed out.
Long story, short: if you're NOT a smoker, don't stay here.
This hotel is smoker friendly and every room and every hallway smells like it.
Generally dirty and in need of upgrades and repairs, I'm surprised this hotel passes any sort of inspection.
The air conditioning didn't work half of the time, and that's a nightmare in LV.
If you are members like us, stay at the AIRPORT LA QUINTA.
Cheaper, quieter, a lot nicer, friendlier, and overall a better experience.
Long story: we checked into this La Quinta in the afternoon.
They were friendly and quickly put us into a room.
When we got there, it smelled terrible.
We are non smokers and it reeked of smoke.
We called the front desk and they offered to move us.
In the end, we moved rooms three times to finally get a roomed that we could "live with".
At $100 a night, I was not happy but we stayed.
That evening, our air conditioner stopped working.
We called the front desk again and ask for someone to come up.
He did, but quickly said this is how this room is and left.
Definitely the most unpleasant night in an uncomfortable bed in a room that was hot and gross.
In the morning, we cancelled our remaining nights and moved to the La Quinta Airport location.
Easily the best thing we did!!
They allowed us to check in at 10am, gave us an excellent room, and it was cheaper than the other hotel!!
Do yourself a favor and stay at the airport location.
Don't even bother with this LQ.

This place is not a luxury mega resort and it has no casino.
After saying that, it's actually not that bad.
Pretty cheap.
Good value for what you get.
Can't complain.
Staff is nice, friendly and helpful.
Free breakfast was cool enough.
And the place is clean with really comfy beds.
I'd come back again.

While the price is right, this place offers little beyond a roof over your head while you sleep.
The bed was comfortable, but fresh sheets might have been nice.
That's right, housekeeping did not clean our room ONCE during our stay.
We merely got a note slipped under the door that they did not come in because of the do not disturb sign...the one that was NOT on the door.
The toilet has ONE JOB.
FLUSH!
Or not.
We had to switch rooms because the toilet in the first room was not working well.
Turns out, neither was the toilet in the new room.
At least the tub was huge!
Wish it had been clean.
I might have taken a relaxing soak.
Want room service?
Call Domino's.
No, that's not my suggestion, but says so on your room key.
I found it humorous at first, but once I realized it was indicative of the level of service to be found here, I found it less amusing.
The breakfast that is included in your stay is available from 6 to 9 am.
Hope you weren't up all night enjoying Vegas.
There is always a mad rush between 8 and 9 of all the guests who realize time is running out for free food.
There are waffles, instant oatmeal packets, dry cereal, hard boiled eggs, bagels, toast, yogurt, fruit (apples, bananas and oranges,) coffee, milk, apple juice, orange juice and tea.
Housekeeping starts clearing away all offerings at about a quarter BEFORE 9.
The coffee tastes instant and there are never enough seats for everyone.
Additionally, this hotel is in a bad area.
It's difficult to figure that out while looking online for a hotel to book, but I'm here for you!
Just across the parking lot from my room window are a lot of apartments.
Their music and partying lasted well through each night of my stay.
There was also a lot of police action and sirens blaring throughout the night.
This place is not a good value.
CHEAP, yes.
VALUE, no.
Do yourself a favor, go anywhere but here.
This place sucks.
At least they have free  Wi-Fi which I used to write this review.

This is a typical la Quinta property.
Run down, gross dirty.
We were told by the front desk that it would be 40-45 min for a shuttle to take us two blocks.
We opted to walk, the only problem was that it was over two miles to the destination we requested.
My dad has la Quinta points because we visit my uncle in rifle Colorado, this la Quinta is the exception to the rule, the staff is professional and helpful.
I used to be a territory manager for a Forbes 100 company, La Quinta was one of our approved properties for out of town travel.
After three gross properties.
I decided to never stay at la Quinta again.
My dad booked this reservation, I thought how bad could it be.
Well it is a nightmare!!!!!!
Do yourself a favor  even if the rooms are free, keep driving!!

