Just like any Starbuck's.
This one has a drive through but I don't use it.
Good wifi.
Good drinks.

What can I say have it your way.
Good stuff always the same.

I'm not going to waste a bunch of space here talking about what Starbuck's drink is my favorite because I'm sure that anyone reading this has probably been to a Starbuck's or 10.
What I will do is critique this particular location at Rainbow and Oakey.
This location is near my place of employment as well as my wife's so we stop here with great regularity.
As is the case with most Starbuck's, the staff is very friendly and quite cognoscente of customer wait times.
This is a tall order considering the extra customer load that was heaped upon this store when the shop at Charleston and Torrey Pines was closed.
Even with the expanded workload the service is always great.
I occasionally go inside to make my purchase, but I find that the drive thru is a better option when I'm in a hurry.
One suggestion I will make on the beverage front is the Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate.
It's a seasonal thing that comes out during the holidays.
If you haven't tried it, you really should.
Some people get a little hung up on the "salted" part of the name, but trust me, it's worth a try.
After trying it once I was hooked!

"That'll be one tall Double Chocolaty Chip Frappe please, milk replaced with soy and whipped cream on top.
Kinda beats the purpose of keeping it low fat, I know, but I'll consider it a reward after a long day"   The cashier stared at me then chuckled 'Anything else?,' I smiled and ordered a grande sweet green tea lemonade for my close pal.
We had a good sip, re-hydrated ourselves and talked our way through the rest of the day.
I loved how speedy their wi-fi was and the music was very relaxing - best way to end a busy but productive day of schoolwork.
Can't help wishing that their restrooms had multiple cubicles though.
A lady and I were waiting outside the women's restroom for awhile when she began to fidget about how she really needed to go in.
Here, one of the staff overheard our conversation and informed us that it was cleaning time and that we could use the men's restroom if we wanted.
...so that's what we did.
Ah, what an adventure.

Starbucks review?
Here goes..... great as always.
You're welcome.

The staff is always funny, polite and make great coffee.
If they occasionally are backed up or the coffee isn't 100%, they give me my next one free.
The regular staff all know my name and my order.

Love it, like it, want some more of it!
The best coffee around!
Better then Whole Foods freshly ground coffee!

They don't honor refill discounts here.
Apparently it's at the manager's discretion.
Let me explain why this irritates me so.
Throughout the day, I'm in all different parts of Las Vegas.
One of Starbucks' great competitive differentiators for me is that they are everywhere and I can get my iced tea refills throughout the day with a refill discount.
(I usually grab a breakfast sandwich too.
) This keeps me a brand loyal customer.
I can only deduct that this manager is desperate to increase revenue in any way that can be had.
I politely walked out without completing my order.
I will take this location off of my route.

Staff is very wonderful and very friendly.
I think management is lacking, the main entrance door is broken, making it run into people on the way in.
This is small but should be brought to the attention of management, I asked for a band aid and was told there aren't any, and when I asked if there was a first aid kit in the back they said they don't have one.
Which is crazy for a business that has employees working with machines and people's drinks to not offer sanitary basic band aids in case of cuts or even burns.
Lastly, the facility could be cleaner.
Tables are sticky each time with stains.
This is the closest Starbucks in the area that I happen to be near when I'm driving to the strip from summerlin so I can't help but make my visit very brief and quick

At one of your Las Vegas locations at the drive through I received what could easily be considered the worst customer service experience EVER.
Unfortunately due to the holiday there is no one available to take my call at your customer service line either.
So here is it...
I was passed one of my drinks by a young man who took my money and never gave me a receipt.
Not a huge problem, but hey I would like to have it an would have asked him for it had he ever returned.
My son and I proceeded to wait.
And wait.
And wait.
I watched the drinks pile up on the counter for the cars behind me.
I even saw the drink that my son had been so patiently waiting for as well, all displayed nicely in a row.
And still I am waiting.
The window was open so I could hear all the lovely witty banter from the staff.
They were obviously so lost in conversation that no one bothered to even check on the line of idling cars outside.
It took three employees to figure out what I needed in order to complete my order and no one even bothered to apologize.
I was shoved a drink in a hurry by a woman who's blouse was unbuttoned well below her apron.
Though my eleven year old son got a good chuckle, I was not impressed.
I asked for the manager and she replied that it was indeed her.
I asked for a number to a district manager and she gave it scribbled on a piece of paper.
Still forgetting my receipt.
I pulled over in a heated hurry to make that phone call...and would you know it?!
It was disconnected.
She gave me the WRONG NUMBER.
So I went BACK.
I asked for my receipt and the correct number.
This time the number worked when I dialed it and guess who is on the other line?!
THE GIRL WHO GAVE IT TO ME.
Please understand that I was rather confused that she not only forgot her own number in the first place, but that she routed me back to herself of all people.
So I asked..."I thought I asked for the district manager's number" and please....here is where it gets even worse....so hold on to your papered cups...."I did, but she is off.
I told you that sorry if you didn't hear me.
Happy Thankgsgiving."...CLICK.........
after all of that your "manager" who couldn't even button her own shirt let alone mutter an apology HUNG UP ON ME.
fine work startbucks.
FINE WORK.
I will NEVER step foot into one of your stores again and I promise to repeat this story to anyone who will listen.
How far away have you gotten from your purpose?
Good coffee with great service?
Now young teens throw drinks out windows and show blatant lack of respect for YOUR customers?
Just awful.
Shame on you.

Sour tasting coffee delivered with poor attitude.
With so many other options for decent coffee, go elsewhere.
I'm a starbucks gold member so I'm not a Starbucks hater: this is just a horriblly run location.

This old lady who is working 4/17/14 @ 11:13 am as a cashier gave me the worst service ever.
I couldn't see her name on her name tag but she was rude VERY rude.
Never coming back to this one.
To be honest I don't even want to give 1 star but I did because I have to.
She's lucky she's old.
I really wanted to say something to her.
Ugh.

Have been hearing about the BOGO happy hour Frappuccino prices from 3PM-5PM from a friend of mine.
Eventually, I stopped here to give him one.
Loved that this location has a drive-thru, and that the employee who helped me said they were half price, not necessarily BOGO- I didn't want the extra calories.
Was able to get my friend his treat, in a venti size, for under $3.
Can't beat that.
Also, this deal applies to the featured frapp flavors including mocha cookie crunch- the one I got, which was delish.

This location closes early, and on the night I visited they were closed before their posted time.

This location gets worse and worse I don't think the employees listen very well they are too busy talking about their night before blah blah blah they never shake the ice tea it's always warm with very little ice I just shake it around when I get it.
About 50% of the time I will get it sweetened like I ask the other 50% I guess they feel I don't need any lol the drive thru is extremely slow moving and employees are not very friendly as a matter of fact sometimes they don't even speak just hand you your drink So wake up Rainbow Starbucks your losing another customer

This Starbucks sucks.
First off, the girl rushed me and somehow thought I was done ordering, (interrupted me and told me my price) "um, I'm not done ordering.
" How rude.
They also took forever and didn't even make my drink correct.
Such bullshit.
Never coming back to this location.

