Dr. Poremba is one of the most caring and effective dentists I have known.
All the work done was based on Dr. Poremba's understanding and knowledge of true dental care and maintenance.
I never felt like I was being sold anything and I always knew my visit would be completed with care and detail.
I wish I could convince the whole team to move to NYC to be my dentist office there.
I can't even tell you how many people I have referred to Dr. Poremba while living in Vegas and even more after I had left Las Vegas.

Dr Poremba and his staff are very caring and knowledgable.
I've been a patient for 7 months now and am almost done with the Invisalign process.
Dr. Poremba and Pat, the resident Invisalign Guru as I like to call her, have made the whole process as easy as possible.
From quick and efficient visits (you go every 6 weeks) to flexibility in scheduling appointments, I really appreciate that everyone there knows my name when I walk in.
Dr. Poremba took the time to explain each step to me and how it would benefit my overall health.
You can tell he really cares about his patients.

I'm one who is fearful of going to a dentist and tend to put it off until there is an emergency in my mouth.
I broke a tooth about a year ago and kept putting off going to a dentist out of fear.
Finally I manned up and made an appointment.
My regular doctor recommended Desert Springs Dental Care so I thought I'd give it a shot.
I am a fan!
Everyone from the office staff to the dentist was fantastic.
They made me feel welcome, they addressed my fears and concerns and they took excellent care of me.
Their Dental Hygienist is awesome.
I was in desperate need of a cleaning.
The plaque on my teeth was so nasty I hated smiling out of fear of showing my teeth.
I required three visits to get my teeth clean.
The idea of coming back for multiple visits scared me.
The Hygienist did a fantastic job.
She was quick and whatever she did there was virtually no pain.
When I left I actually couldn't wait to return for the other visits!
The Dentist also did an amazing job fixing my broken tooth.
Of course there was some pain involved (it wouldn't be dental work without a little discomfort) but the pain was minimal and more of a discomfort.
And when I did start to feel a little pain the doctor would give me a little more pain meds.
This doctor is awesome.
He explained the procedures, made me comfortable and fixed me teeth.
I highly recommend Desert Springs Dental Care to everyone.

Desert Springs and all of their welcoming staff are all well trained, have great experience under their belts and truly go above and beyond to ensure your comfort.
I went in for a basic cleaning and x-ray a couple of months ago as a new patient, and Dr. Poremba and team made me feel right at home from the moment I walked in the door.
They made suggestions for future dental work based on the results of my x-rays and exam, but never pushed a procedure such as whitening, like used car salesman what I've encountered at other dental practices in the Valley.
They will genuinely tell you what you need right away, what you may elect in the best future, and what you don't need (that you think you may - in my case as a semi-hypocondriac!).
The hygienist was incredible gentle, and let me tell you, I literally left with whiter teeth just as a result of a cleaning.
I have never encountered this before!
They use a newer technology to remove plaque and buildup from every nook and cranny of your teeth.
I can't wait to return for another cleaning.
I never thought I would hear myself saying that.
Great job Desert Springs Dental for winning over a VERY satisfied new patient!

I loathe dentists...but I absolutely love Dr. Poremba and his staff!
All of my family goes to him as well.
I live in Southern California and time my appointments with my visits to Vegas.
I've tried finding a dentist in California but I've had bad experiences so I figure, why change a good thing?
I really trust Doctor's opinion.
He is very thorough and gives you many options if something comes up that he feels needs to be done.
He isn't one of these shiesty dentists that tell you that you need all of this work done that you know doesn't make sense.
And the hygienist that cleans your teeth is very sweet and uses a light hand when in your mouth.
I wish he would move his office to Southern California!

Dr Poremba and staff are very pleasant and friendly.
My dental cleaning experience was great, and so was the filling repair.
However, the first time I came in i waited about 45 minutes for an x-ray, an hour between my X-ray and dental exam.
I am a very patient and forgiving person.
There may have been too many clients to be seen at one time, maybe they were short staffed, or maybe I was forgotten.
Hopefully it doesn't happen again.

Dental Appointment at 2pm (4 hours before I have to be at work) In the office for 3 hours.
Work a 14 hour shift.
#NoProblems   Wouldn't be possible without Desert Springs Dental Care and the gentle hands of Dr. Poremba

