Really it should be 2.5 stars.
They have the dumbest set up for a drive through.
It runs the length of the regular parking area.
If the line for the drive through is long, they block parking spaces and you can't get in nor out!
I ended parking away from the store and walking.
Service was fast and polite!
I think I'd skip this place for another McDonald's unless I really needed the coffee or food.

When it's busy they shouldn't be using only 1 register, other than that they have an okay customer service.

Understaffed, slow service, coupled with a dirty interior.
The trash had been overflowing for at least 20 minutes.
The store is far too small for the location.

This McDonalds is terrible.
I don't expect much from fast food but there is a standard... a low one but at least reach minimal expectations.
My son and I went through the drive through (took forever).
They have the nerve to ask "is everything on the screen correct".
After we got our food, we pulled forward in the drive-thru to allow traffic to move.
I explained to my son that we need to check and make sure we got everything....
I ordered big Mac meal and happy meal -burger plain.
They missed the toy and my fries and his burger... how?
We went inside and had to convince them that we really didn't get everything.
They got what we were missing and we went home.
My son was disappointed.
I ordered burger plain for a reason.
They were too busy chatting behind the counter to pay attention to the order they already screwed up.
No apology.
Nothing.
I would let this slide if this was the only time.
Hire people that work!
I don't expect a five star meal but get the order right.
If not the first time, at least don't screw it up twice!

Always busy, food usually cold.
Sigh.

I totally understand that this is McDonalds and you get for what you pay, but the professionalism here needs major work.
While I am waiting for my food, it would be nice not to hear yelling and workers horse-playing behind the register and in front of the store.
I thought going inside would be faster since there was a line of cars circling that awful drive thru, but really I think we had waited longer going inside.

Worst McDonald's by far.
It always smells like sewage and the food is alway old.
When you tell someone about it's like an inconvenience to them.
I can't believe the manager is actually the manager.
She has the personality of a rock.
There are only a small amount of great employees here.

