When I was painting my house, the staff at Ace was SO helpful.
Being a n00b to home ownership, I knew a little bit about what I wanted and needed, but not a lot - and they steered me in the right direction with patience and professionalism.
What's more, there was something they did during the check-out that really stuck out in my mind as an example of exceptional service.
I was asked at checkout if I had an Ace Rewards Card.
I did, but I didn't have it on me.
The manager, who was ringing me up, attempted to look me up by phone number.
I wasn't showing up in the system, perhaps because the store where I had signed up (in Southern Highlands) was an independently owned franchise vs. this one?
Anyhow, for whatever reason the manager on the other end, at the Southern Highlands store, couldn't get it figured out either.
But since I had spent something like five hundred bucks on paint, the manager really wanted to be sure that I got my reward points for the purchase, so he printed out a duplicate receipt with instructions to credit my account for the purchase, and told me to just bring in that receipt when I found my Ace Rewards Card and they would apply it to my account.
I meant to write this review a while ago because this was actually in August or September and it really impressed me.

Highly recommended !
Staff confirmed on the phone that they had a specialty item that I needed and even told me what aisle it was on.
When I went to the store I was able to go straight to the item without needing to wait for assistance and was out of the store in a matter of moments.
Wish it could always be this easy...........

The staff here are incredibly helpful, knowledgeable, friendly, and available.
I love to support them when I need anything for my home.
They give great advice on plumbing and electrical work, and they really know what they're talking about when it comes to home repair/improvement.
It's a fantastic resource, y'all should take advantage of it.

Great store, even better employees.
Has that small town store feel to it which I love.
I prefer to go here first over the big box stores since they are so much more helpful and actually know what they are talking about.
I brought in a cap for a screw for my plantation shutters and the guy working there looked for a good 20 minutes trying to find the right part for me.
Love the customer service, A+++

I've been here several times.
Like most people my first stop for the basics is Home Depot or Lowes but every time I need something just a little off-basic I only find it here.
Replacement Ax handle?
Only place in the area that had a variety, allowing me to get the right one.
Broken Anti-Syphon Pressure Cap?
Lowes didn't carry that part, Home Depot didn't carry anything even remotely related, Ferguson didn't carry that part, Ace had multiple in stock.
When the first one broke they switched it out no problem.
The staff is very friendly, very knowledgeable, and I've seen them stay calm under the worst abuse.
They're probably the best stocked for diy supplies and old-fashioned "hardware store" basics like cast iron pans especially given the size of the location.

Hardware stores are not exactly my cup of tea but Mr. B needed some plumbing stuff so I just tagged along and came in here with him.
Well it turned out to be a pleasant shopping experience.
Who knew they had gifty nicknacks there, screwdrivers with pretty floral handles, and the prettiest selection garden gloves.
Along with that there is an area with an employee stationed there dedicated to cutting keys, also an aisle with drawers full of nuts and bolts.
In my opinion a better selection  than the bigger name hardware stores.
I liked the layout of the store, it wasn't cluttered, everything was organized, good signage which made merchandise easy to find.
Anytime I'm at the bigger hardware stores seems like I have to resort to paging and wait for customer assistance.
Not here.
This store is family run business and you get the sense of a small hometown feeling.
It is small enough to where you can easily flag down someone for help if you need it.
Customer service is A+!
Everyone was friendly and all employees I ran into offered their assistance.
I've got some home renovation projects coming up and will be sure to keep this place at the top of my list of stores to use.

To bad it is closing its doors.
Ace hardware is a great place to get good advice on whatever your project.
Not like the other hardware store chains.

FYI: Dailey's AceHardware is closing.
I went in today as I noticed the store closing signs as I walked into to Trader Joes and I thought I'd check the place out.
Everything is 10% off and quite a bit of stuff remains.
Inside it's a small footprint Ace Hardware store.
And when I say hardware store no, it's not a big box retailer, but if you want a Grade 8 bolt or oddball part this is one of those stores you want to know about and check out.
I wish I had known about them prior to their closing as a good Ace or True Value type hardware store is a great thing to have close by.
3 Stars..I .just walked in and out, they didn't have anything I could use so I can't rate based on service or much else.

Please don't close!!!!!!
As a "support my local economy" shopper, I purchase most of my hardware supplies from Dailys Ace Hardware in lieu of the big box stores.
There is an Ace closer to my home but I shop here because of the people.
What they don't have, they will order for me and have always "price matched" for me when I could get the item cheaper elsewhere.
I LOVE this store!!!
I love the employees!!!
I'm stumped by the idea that I will have to find a new hardware store...
Please tell me you are just moving!!

This store is closed.
:(  So disappointed!!

