Excellent food.
Steak tacos are amazing.
Breakfast quesadilla is very good and healthy.
I suggest Wheat tortilla, egg whites, turkey sausage and pico de gallo.

Mmmm....fish tacos.
That's all I gotta say  :)

Watch out, Chipotle!!!!
WHY don't we have any Zaba's in San Diego?????
It's basically a Chipotle - looks, architecture, food choices and preparation and all, except for these very important points, which bring Zaba's above par: They have great whole wheat tortillas as an option; They have brown rice as well as white rice; Their red salsa kicks butt; They make their burritos HUGE; They have a breakfast menu; They have fish tacos They have Coke Zero Need I say more?
My only gripe is that our "server/burrito maker" obviously hated her job, and was downright depressing, but the food was tasty and filling and affordable.
Yum!

This is my spot...MG hipped me 2 this joint...IT is on point...I don't even know wut Chipotle is cuz I neva been there & always go to ZABA's...4 real...It has healthy choice options compared 2 ur regular menu...I used 2 get the burrito with the wheat tortilla & brown rice, but I had a taste 4 their FAMOUS FISH TACOS and that has been my sh!t since...No lie...If u haven't had it, it is definitely worth the try...WORD!!!

BF and I wanted to try this out instead of the Chipotle in the next door shopping center.
I wanted to like this place and heard such good things, but did not hit up to par.
I liked that they had fish, shrimp and so many sauce options, brown rice, wheat tortilla, etc.
Options are nice.
Got some fish tacos- they were pretty good, but not anything fantastically different than what I can get at like a Rubios for $1.
Good if I want that and it's right there by my house, but I'm doubtful about other offerings.
Where it fell short was the carnitas burrito.
Though the sauce, beans, etc were good, the meat itself was disappointing.
It was finely shredded and was sitting in juices so it wasnt dry (not technically carnitas if its in au jus but whatever, its not "authentic" ), but the flavor was off...I could say it was almost dog food like quality in terms of it's flavor....we did not eat more than a few bites.
Off day maybe?
I don't know.

Love this place.
Fresh food.
Clean.

Was hungry for quick Mexican food, so I stopped by this place.
I've passed by it a hundred times and finally decided to try it.
This place reminds me of Qdoba & Chipotle.
I ordered the Nachos & a Quesadilla.
The Nachos were tasty, but I thought that they drenched it in the ingredients and the bottom half of the dish was soggy....I hate that.
The Quesadilla was good...not great, just good.
The service was ok....they didn't offer me all of the fixings...I had to ask for guacamole & green salsa, it wasn't offered....this is unusual for a place like this.
Normally, they try to upsell the hell out of you with the extras.
Will I return?
Maybe.
I still like Qdoba & Chipotle better.

Food.
Yum.
Belly.
Full.
Those were my key takeaways after I gobbled down a delicious burrito at lunch.
My choices included: whole wheat tortilla, black beans brown rice, spicy salsa, and fish.
Normally when I go after "alternative" tastes, they never come out the way I had hoped, but I came out on top with this combo.
The food was prepared quickly.
Think of it like a Chipotle with a more diverse menu.
Shrimp, Fish are options.
Quesadillas, nachos and salads are on the menu here as well.
The restaurant was clean, the food was tasty.
I should also mention that Coke Zero is available in the fountain.
Another big plus.
I prefer this place over it's similar competitor: Chipotle.
Just because of the menu variety.
I'm done.

Good food and good for you I lost 60lbs working out and eating here.
If you order a 3 item or less bowl or  burrito it's just under five bucks I order the chicken  burrito in a whole wheat tortilla with red hot sauce I eat here almost every day

If you like Chipotle and that type of Mexican food and want it just a little bit healthier, then Zaba's is the place!
Besides the normal Chipotle flare they add shrimp, whole wheat tortilla's and brown rice into the mix.
Making it that much easier to make your food that much better for you.
Not to say that those choices alone make it healthy but it gives you more options to do so.
Overall it's a great place when your craving a big burrito!

The last visit left a dog food taste in my mouth and I wasn't eager to come back.
We decided to give it another try.
We got a shrimp bowl and a fish bowl.
I'm happy that compared to Chipotle they have more meat, topping and sauce options as it made for a pretty decent bowl.
We both liked the fish bowl better which neither of us thought we would (but ordered it because they ran out of shrimp to make two bowls).
I'm open to going to this place again specially since there's healthier options.
Seems like there is generally lesser sodium in Zabas food than Chipotle by the taste, but I could be wrong.
I've googled around and most nutritional information on this place is incomplete or very general with just a calorie count.

Don't get the queso dip, it's terrible.
Everything else was OK, but not as good as Cafe Rio

I will start off by saying the food is good at Zabas, but an equally important thing for me is the wide variety of choices.
If you have allergies or dieting concerns you can still put together a good meal here without cheating.
The concept looks like it was based on Chipotle, but they have taken it a couple of steps further.
Quite frankly, I think it blows away Chipotle.

I swear their potatoes are magical.
Imagine a Chipotle setup, but with a slew of healthier options.
I don't ever order the healthy options...but they are there if for some reason you want to feel better about your enormous burrito.
You can fill your whole-wheat tortilla with brown rice and sweet potatoes.
Might I recommend the regular potatoes, however?
They are just yum-tastic.
Not the greatest meal you'll ever have, but a good, cheap, huge burrito to fill you up.
I like it better than Chipotle.
And it's a local business, which is always a good thing to support.

Good, fast Mexi-American food at a reasonable price.
As other reviewers have pointed out, Zabas is similar in menu to Chipotle, but with more protein options.
You pick you meal (burrito, quesadillas, salads...), your protein, your preferred salsa, and your add-ons.
I had a pulled steak quesadilla.
It was basic, and a bit too greasy for my tastes, but the meat was both good and plentiful.
Located by the Kohl's and Petsmart in the NW corner of the city, it's not a place I would go to specifically, but it is the best of the food options in the area.

Forget Chipotle, come here for great burritos with a huge variety of fresh ingredients.
The burrito is large enough to feed you for 2-3 meals, definitely worth almost 8 bucks.
Wish you had a frequent customer rewards card haha

A-OK is accurate.
I love that they have whole wheat tortillas and brown rice available :) The cilantro lime shrimp were very tasty!

Been going here for years and honestly I really appreciate the fact that they give you the option between a whole wheat or white tortilla.
It really makes life that much better.
It's fast and healthy depending on what you order!
Their hot sauce is bomb as well as their guacamole and quesadillas.

So about 3 years ago I decided to inaugurate my Fish Taco blog with someplace close to home and at an establishment that I was already familiar with.
Cheating?
Nah, I called it familiarizing myself with this whole bloggering process...  Zaba's has a few locations around town and I like it because they make everything from scratch, including the sauces like the Chipotle Ranch, which is awesome.
It's no secret, to people that know me, that I am a stickler for fresh and additive-free ingredients.
Anyway, I got the usual order of their fish tacos, which consists of 3, with your choice of flour or corn tortillas.
Each taco consists of 1 tortilla (I actually prefer 2 tortillas when it comes to corn due to the heightened disintegration rate of the tortilla), 1 piece of what was explained to me as "Premium Cod" shaped like a rectangular bratwurst that has been battered and deep fried, a lot of what you would expect from a standard Pico de Gallo, a healthy squirt of their Chipotle Ranch dressing, a pile of shredded green cabbage and about 3 or 4 wedges of lime.
I often attempt to extract juice from these limes, as it makes a nice boost of flavor, but sometimes I believe they might just be for decoration as I can seldom seem to get anything out of them.
I would suggest eating these at the location because the tortilla disintegration was well under way upon arriving home after my 5 minute journey from the location nearest my house.
Flour tortillas, of course, have proven to be hardier...but I will always prefer the corn tortilla for fish tacos until something sways me otherwise.
One interesting tidbit that I feel should be mentioned, is that this place is 'burrito bar' style like Chipotle or Qdoba's.
That being said, the fish tacos take a few extra minutes to make, so after ordering you find yourself in a position to awkwardly find some place to hang out around the cash register while everyone in line behind you soon become people in front of you.
Sort of weird momentarily, but if your social skills are well adapted enough to enable you to hang around not looking stupid, then this shouldn't be a problem.
One order - $7.59 Single taco - $2.69  Ingredients: Battered premium cod, pico de gallo, chipotle ranch sauce, green cabbage, flour or corn tortilla with a few wedges of lime on the side.
Good stuff.
I would recommend it as well as return for more.
As I have been...

I really like their fish tacos.
I always order the fish tacos but this past week I ordered a burrito, OMGosh it was huge!!
My son always gets the burrito so I had to try it!
It was big enough for two people!
I really loved it and the prices are affordable.
For the 3 of us the cost was $24.
Two big huge burrito's one fish taco, 2 bags of chips!

This review is 100% based on the horrible attitude and service I received.
It is for that reason I have no interest in going back and would not recommend to friends.
The place looks great, the menu was easy to navigate and I would probably be a regular there if the employees had not treated me like a cheap because I ordered my 10 year old Son a quesadilla and did not order anything for myself.
It was right after school and we were in the shopping center.
Anyway after being given our order i asked them for a salsa for his food and they said it wasn't included.
I am sorry but I cannot recommend or return to a mexican food restaurant where they charge you for your 1st salsa!!
They then got extremely rude when I questioned it and the lady literally told me anything that comes with salsa states it on the menu... i proceeded to point out a handful of menu items that they confirmed came with salsa but it was not noted on the menu.
I am fine with places charging for extra sauces etc but for a quesadilla with beans and rice they should have given me 1 salsa and none of the other employees stepped in.

I can't believe I've only checked in here twice, because we must have eaten at this location at least once a week when I was pregnant!
This is our go-to spot for a quick, easy and satisfying lunch, and always goes over well when people are visiting.
The staff is extremely friendly and the food never disappoints.
My personal pick is the fish tacos on corn tortillas, which come with cabbage, pico de gallo, a drizzle of chipotle ranch and a wedge of lime.
Ask for sides of chipotle ranch and hot salsa on the side and you're set.
Om nom nom!

I've been eating here frequently for a couple of years.
I like this location of all the ones I've been to in town.
It is fast and tastey.
They give generous portions and I appreciate the brown rice and whole wheat tortilla options.
I usually get a salad because it comes with guacamole and sour cream included in the price.

The food was okay, and their methods of attracting business are questionable.
We received a Zabas coupon in the mail which stated, "Buy 2 entrees and 2 drinks and receive 50% off your order.
"  So, I'm thinking one drink and one entree free.
Not so.
When I got to the register, she says it's 50% off only one entree.
Period.
So what I thought would be a $10 lunch for two of us turned out to be $17.
I argued with the woman, as did several other customers trying to use the same coupon, to no avail.
I told her I'd never come back...and I meant it.
Food wasn't that great to begin with.
Oh, and she overcharged me on top of it.
Only .20 but I didn't notice until I got home.
Qdoba is a much better choice.

Fish tacos were the bomb!
Crispy and breaded, a nice cabbage slaw, ancho sauce all wrapped in a warm flour tortilla.
Portions were huge, 3 of those tacos will fill you up!
Cool little hang out just to relax on a lunch break.

came in today to get a double shrimp bowl, which is amazing, but was a little disappointed that they only had enough for one serving ;(.
Even with this inconvenience I'll be back though.

I have tried everything from the their bowls, burritos, taco and quesadillas.. Never have I been disappointed, great food and consistent service keeps me coming back.
Love us some Zabas :)

The food we ordered was fresh and tasty.
We will return, but hopefully they will have cleaned (dusted) the rafters in the ceiling.
When the door opens on a windy day...you can see the dust bunnies floating around and down, to your table (plate).
Just look up when you are sitting in the seating area!

This is right around the corner from me, and I go there often.
The only reason why I would give this place 3 stars is because of the service.
Otherwise, the food is good.
It's my #1 choice over any other fast Mexican food around here.
Their meat spices are good, everything is always fresh and I LOVE their queso here.
A lot of people don't like this type of queso, but I love white cheese queso.
The nachos are always my #1 favorite.
Other than that, I usually get the rice bowls.
The reason I have a distaste for the customer service -   There is a couple of ladies there that are almost always rude.
They give you a look like you're inconveniencing them and they act like they hate their job.
It's cool, I understand.
I hate my job too.
But, I don't treat my customers like shit because it's my fault I hate my job, not theirs.
There is one in particular that always is hateful.
She never says hello, never asks what she can help me with and she has always screwed up my order.
I tell her what I want, and she always puts something else.
I hate to be a bother, so I never complain and I finally told her last time that that's what not what I had said.
She seemed annoyed and I told her it was okay and that I didn't want her to change it.
I don't like being rude to people, even if they're rude to me first.
It sucks because I really don't like the other places around here, so I keep going back.
I just mentally prepare myself before going in knowing my experience won't be the best.
Maybe it's just me...

