Huge!!!
The Costco of teachers supplies!
Too bad Lakeshore in Cali is only a 1/3 of the size of the one in Henderson.

Great for teachers looking for classroom supplies.
Went with my wife who teaches on saturday, have some really cool educational toys also.
Picked up some things for the kids.

This is the place to go to find great materials to help your child develop intellectually.
I like to find workbooks that focus on a certain area.
While their selection can be overwhelming, the staff is always so helpful in reviewing their stock with you.
Last summer, I bought a workbook for each subject I wanted my son to work on.
One of my friends thinks that I should have gone to one of the dollar stores and just picked up what they have there.
I am willing to pay more for the right materials.
Hands down, best part of this place?
Every Saturday from 11-3, they have free crafts for the kids.
My daughter had to be pulled away last weekend.
They had these great markers that were more like paint.
They also had markers that were in shapes and smelled great.
We ended up buying a painting book with paint that comes on every page.

This is a parent/teacher paradise.
The kids loved it too and didn't want to leave!
In a nutshell: educational toys galore for every age group.
Workbooks for any subject imaginable for every age group, grouped according to subject.
Hard-to-find melissa and doug items (not just puzzles).
Classroom supplies including decoration, art supplies, workbooks and more.
Theres a section in the middle with toys for little guys to play with, including a wooden train that my two year old stuck with my entire time in the store.
Helpful staff who signed me up to their email program AND their text alerts (great marketing!
) i got a free shopping bag for my trouble :)   I got a couple of cheap noonies for my 3kids for about $7 total.
Not bad.
Ill be returning to use my check-in coupon and to do some christmas shopping.
Lots of stuff on sale, prices are reasonable for the most part.
Im excited to return!

I LOVE this place!
I would spend my entire paycheck at this store for my students if I could.
I shop at this location about 4 times a year spending about 200$ each visit.
They offer plenty of coupons and discounts.
The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable.
The store is neat, organized, and well stocked.
They have a laminator for your convenience and a Smartboard where you can sample computer programs and games.
It is a very kid friendly store as well.
I could just as easily order the same products online through their website but the employees offer the personal service that you just can't get online.

It's high-priced, but you can't beat the selection.
Seriously, if you are planning any projects with kids (including babies/toddlers), Lakeshore has all the supplies you need.
Or you could just buy a ready-made project kit and not even have to mess with the supplies.
But yes, it is overpriced.
I think if you know what you want, and have the patience, you could get everything cheaper online.

