The Venetian Weddings Team helped to make our wedding day amazing!
From the early planning stages thru the actual ceremony day they worked hard to make our day special.
Our wedding planner Sage Beecher was amazing to work with.
She is detailed, caring, & responsive.
Our photography coordinator Crissy Fitzpatrick is incredibly knowledgeable & was a pleasure to work with.
The videography & photography of the wedding were better than we could have ever hoped for & they will help us to share our special day with friends & family who could not attend as well as keeping the memories alive for years to come.
Regardless of your budget, Venetian Weddings will make your day truly special!
Thanks Again for Everything!
Love, Kristin & John

I assume the Venetian has no reviews here because it needs no reviews here.
Everyone knows how fancy schmancy this place is.
God knows I can't afford it, but my friend and I were invited to stay there by a new friend we made while staying in Vegas at a different hotel (El Cortez, my next review).
We accepted...  Holy crap.
It's beautiful - and big, and fancy.
Besides exorbitant prices, the only negative I can imagine is that you really can get lost in this place.
Lose your friend, forget where you are and how to get back...  We mostly hung at the pools.
Many pools to choose from, but we soon discovered our favorite - the one where the low lounge chairs went in the pool so your butt sagged down in the water.
Heaven!
We had a little pool cocktail table, only a stone's throw from the outside bar (where drinks were about $12 for a mediocre slushy drink with not enough alcohol).
Add ipod with double earbuds, a really sunny warm day, and all we could say all day long was "This does not suck" Our mantra.
The sandwich we ate for lunch was delicious and came with shoe-string fries.
For $17, we split it - but who cares - back to the pool.
The room was giant - a suite with a very big jacuzzi.
There's not much more to say other than I hope some day I can stay there again and try to find faults!!

For as expensive as it is, I expected something better.
It's very pretty and it's in a great location on the strip but for the price you pay for a room, I expected to be IMPRESSED and I wasn't.

Unbelievably unorganized for such a new and hyped up hotel.
The place is extremely big and there were no easy directions to our room.
There are conflicting signs throughout sending us in different directions.
When we finally got to our room all 3 room cards weren't working so immediately sent us back down to the front desk to straighten it out as no one answered the phone.
Billing was a hassle.
We were 2 separate groups yet somehow the cost of both rooms ended up attached to one credit card.
Should have been a simple fix yet took 45 minutes to check out because of this.
The place is too big for its own good.
The food court that has the less expensive shops are about a mile away from the Venetian.
Cant eat 5 star every meal nor did we want to.
After trying to find it on the map and walking forever we gave up starving and ate whatever was in front of us.
Staff was friendly but place is unorganized.

I loved the size of the rooms and bathroom.
The beds were really comfortable and the property is centralized.
However my poor rating is based on inconvenience.
The keys to our rooms didn't work on the first attempt and at times it took up to 10 swipes to open the door.
I was also disappointed with the ventilation system in the casino.
I am not a smoker and specifically chose a newer property hoping to not have to walk through a cloud of smoke in the hotel I was residing in.
I also noticed the lobby didn't have seating, which is important in any hotel.
My family had to stand in a corner after a long trip until I checked-in to the rooms we had reserved.

I always have a great experience when staying at the Venetian.
The service is always great.
Plus its a gorgeous hotel where all the rooms are suites.
I love walking through the Grand Canal Shoppes and dining at their fine Italian restaurants.
I am always sad when I am not staying at the Venetian.
It is really one of the best!

The Venetian is a beautiful hotel located near to The Palazzo.
Both are international five star hotels.
Each offers many incredible restaurants and all rooms have amazing views, especially those in the Venezia Tower.

