I will never go to this post net ever again.
The male that offered to help me was a big snoot.
All I needed was to make color copies and he proceded to deny service to me making it a point that my paper work was going to break down his 30,000 dollar copy machine which was absurd.
He had a disgusting attitude.
He Practically threw back my paper work and told me to go to office max .
What a way to protect his buissiness and to help a customer.an example of a great way to put your attitude before the success of your buissiness.
A big thumbs down to this location!!!!!!
Went to fed ex office and they were awesome !!!

Absolutely horrid customer service.
To print a word doc.
from USB 1 sheet of paper would cost me 5 bucks and tells me kinkos would charge the same amount to login myself and print is a absolute lie.
The owner couldn't even look me in eye as he told me.
I even told him if I went to kinkos and showed him the receipt he said he would ban me from the store.
I'm not sure about the rest of the services, I just know ill never go back.
*update* i spoke the truth i know exactly what i experienced, and i am not being unreasonable.
As i told u before its your business your price, Dont tell customers lies about your competitor is my problem.
I could go even in more detailed what happened that day, but ill let you save face.

Stopped in after a nearby Post Office could not help with the right size shipping tube.
The Gentleman behind the counter seemed as though he could be a bit abrasive, but  we spoke briefly about our needs and he was able to provide us with the services we required.
I did not employ any of the copy services so I can't speak to that, but I would come here again if I needed to ship something

I came in only to get duplicates made of my house key.
The worker made 4 copies with the quickness.
No complaints from me

New owners, new management and they were very friendly and efficient.
Definitely give them a shot and pay attention to reviews going forward.

