This one star is for all Starbucks in Vegas, and possibly all of NV.
My friend and I had two Ethos waters (profits support a children's charity).
I asked the barista to please thrown the empties into the recycle bin that I assumed was in the back.
She said, "oh, we don't recycle.
"  She went on to explain that it costs companies/individuals in the area extra to have recycling picked up, so most people don't do it.
I was shocked that Starbucks wouldn't foot the bill for this.
I phoned the headquarters (yes, I had time on my hands) and they concurred that this is standard practice in many areas.

I am slacking on my responsibilities!
I mean, really, I am the Duchess of this place and frequent it - well frequently and it does not even have a photo.
Sorry Starbucks!
I love this Starbucks!
The staff is always so friendly and it is right by the freeway so I can get my morning hook up and off I go!
Currently my favorite drink is the Pumpkin Spice Latte.
I feel like a good percentage of my body is not made from this drink (possibly my hips).
Little tip - put money on a gift card and register it to pay for your drinks.
You earn points and eventually get your add ins free ( flavor, soy milk ext).
I love it.
I mean, why not get something free if you are already spending money there anyways.
Its a go for this location - unless you see me there - let me go first - I mean, I am the duchess!
LOL

Expensive coffee.

This is my Starbucks!
I love this place on the way to work.
And my 5 year old insist on a organic milk every Saturday after her ballet class.
I also love the Gold card, good tip Tanya S.!

This Starbucks is the fanciest Starbucks I've ever been to!
I believe they are owned by Barnes & Nobles and just serve Starbucks coffee.
They have friendly service and have so many yummy pastries I've never seen at any other Starbucks like oreo cakes and quiches.
They even carry cheesecake from The Cheesecake Factory!
If you decide to eat there they serve your food on real plates with silverware!
Even their Togo containers are nice!
LOL

