If you are looking to get scuba certified, I highly recommend visiting Scuba Views and talking to Bill Duckro.
Earlier this year, my husband and I decided to take a last minute trip to Australia, and never thought we'd be able to certify in time before we left.
Well, 4 days later, we were certified and on our way!
Bill and Marilyn, who are the owners, are the nicest people you could ever hope to meet, and went out of their way to accommodate our schedule.
Bill is an extremely kind and patient instructor!

I'm a complete and total wimp.
My husband has been certified for many years but I've always been completely freaked out by Scuba and had put it off.
I finally bit the bullet before our honeymoon in Tahiti and I'm SO GLAD I went with scubaviews.
Bill & Marilyn are the owners and were a pleasure to work with.
Bill teaches the classes with Justin and I can't tell you how patient they were with me and my crazy fears.
They made me feel comfortable diving which is a miracle given how scared I was starting out !
Besides being so freaking cool, I have felt no pressure to buy tons of scuba gear (maybe I will buy more, someday!
) and they are so flexible with your schedule.
They will work you in, work extra hours, and do everything they possibly can to make sure you're certified before your big vacay - even if you leave next week!!
If you aren't certified, you're missing out!
Scuba is incredible - even for total wimps like me !

I needed to get scuba certified in less than six weeks for a trip to Curacao.
The owners of Scuba Views, Bill and Marilyn, assured me there would be plenty of time to get me legal.
They were right!
I accomplished my pool dive and my four open water dives over a four day span.
I took final exam with over two weeks to spare and I procrastinated on taking it, even so there was plenty of time.
What impressed me most about Scuba Views was that they worked on my time schedule, not theirs.
This was a huge plus for me, as I work strange hours.
The staff are very friendly and helpful.
I will definitely choose them for more scuba classes that I will take as well as any additional gear I may need.
If you want to get scuba certified in Las Vegas, go to Scuba Views!

My girlfriend and I spent a lot of time reading reviews and calling around various locations in the valley.
We went with Scuba Views after weighing the cost, convenience and quality.
We were definitely not disappointed.
Everyone at the shop was always very nice and they worked above and beyond with our busy schedules to make sure that we were certified in time for a cruise we had planned.
Everything went very smoothly and Bill worked hard to alleviate various concerns we had as the course progressed and made sure we were completely prepared at the end.
I was a little skeptical about getting certified in the desert, but was impressed by Lake Mead (even if my expectations were a little low to begin with).
If you are looking for a place to learn to dive in Las Vegas, Scuba Views is a terrific choice.

We needed to get certified for a trip to Australia and only had a few weeks before our trip.
Bill Duckro worked our training schedule around our needs and was able to get our classroom training, pool training and open water dives done well within our schedule.
The cost was very reasonable and included everything we needed The shop and staff were super nice and helpful.
No pressure at all to buy anything, just to have a great learning experience.
I was nervous but Bill's experience and professionalism quickly put my fears to rest.
He was very patient with me.
;-)   We did our open water dives at Lake Mead with both Bill and Justin, who are excellent instructors.
We were ready for our dives in Australia!
We dived at the Great Barrier Reef as well as the Ongala Wreck out of Townsville.
Really great experience thanks to Scuba Views!
Thanks Bill, Justin and Marilyn!

Bill and Eric were super helpful.
I came in to look around to see other dive shop has to ofter other divers now that I'm certified OW.
They have charter boats that go out to lake mead.
Very inexpensive.
So I booked it for my BF and I to go out 11/2/13.
I was nervous cuz I only had nine dives but Bill was super cool and very helpful.
I was hesitant because I figure the water would be cold for November.
Nope not even cold and the visibility was at 50 feet clear.
I actually now enjoy diving in cooler weather.
It was one unforgettable memory.
I plan on diving more with Bill and Eric.

Bill is fantastic!!
I live in N. Dak and was able to do my classroom and pool work here, but flew to Vegas to finish by open water (mid Dec 2013).
Lake Mead was beautiful, very cold-water appx 54 degrees.
No one else was signed up during the week I was in town, so I was able to get one on one certification from Bill.
Wow, Bill has had an amazing life with lots of experience and is amazing to learn from.
Eric was in the shop and super nice as well.
Scuba Views is in N. Las Vegas and about 40 mins from Lake Mead.
Bill drives you out there, has all the equipment you need and brings you back.
I started early one day and Bill even stopped at Starbucks on the way out...Thank you!!!
Their shop has everything you would need to buy, Eric is a certified equipment technician and they can definitely take care of all your scuba needs.
I wish the best of luck to them and future success!!!
Thank you for certifying me for my honeymoon to the Dominican Republic.

Bill and Marilyn are great people, I was able to rent scuba tanks, wet suit for an affordable price for a boulder city dive.
I use Zeagle, and lots of pelagic things and they are the only ones I know of that carries the line up I use and need.

