I am so irretated!
I called Ford to make an appointment to have my AC checked out.
At first they were pleasant and reassured me that they would take care of the issue and that I was smart for purchasing their Gold Factory Warranty.
I made the appointment for 7am (right when they opened) on my only day off.
I get a call at 5pm telling me that they will NOT get to my vehicle due to the fact of other cars before me.
After talking to the gal that was pulling every trick to not making me get irretated, I finally asked her if she had enough mechanics on.
She exclaimed, "well sir we are kind of short handed today".
...So she lied to me.
All you have to do in this world is be honest!!
I went ahead and picked up my car in 113 degree heat and to it to the Muffler Shop where they said that they will honor my "Gold Factory Warranty"!
Thx for nothing Gaudin Ford!

This place is the biggest piece of crap establishment ever.
I come here to get my car serviced, and pay the $50 that it cost to make sure everything is in tip top shape.
I do travel great distances with my vehicle so I feel it's in it's best interest that its getting the maintenance it deserves.
I was excited to find that they moved closer to my area, and from a distance it looks like a pretty nice facility.
That is the extent of anything good I have to say about Gaudin.
I've brought in my car twice now for this ticking/vibrating sound and they were not able to find anything wrong with it.
My car is still under warranty, so I'm going to take full advantage and fix what ever needs to be fixed before it runs out.
Somehow, this vibrating/ticking sound is unfathomable to them.
They said they found some change and a pen that could've been the reason behind it, but it's still there.
To top it off, when I asked for the change that they found, the man said that they threw it away.
Who throws away money?
Put it in my change compartment dummy.
I brought my car back in because for some reason, my trunk won't close properly.
It keeps saying trunk open on my dash board, and I would have to slam it really freaking hard for it to "close".
This doesn't seem right.
Moreover, theres a rubber piece on my back door that's starting to peel off; no big deal.
I decided to make an appointment to get these checked out, along with that ticking/vibrating sound again.
Made an appointment with the service representative, who was kind of loud and rude, for 9am the following day.
BF brought the car 9am sharp!
It's now been three hours since he's been there and they are no just taking a look at the car.
WHAT A FUCKING JOKE.
Apparently they were really busy and they couldn't find the appointment I had made.
Why didn't they says something when he first brought it in???
The car sat untouched in the same spot for a long time, and it wasn't until he said something that they decided to take a look at it.
3.5 hours later, they don't know what the ticking/vibrating sound is, and they cant do anything about the rubber piece because they have to order the part.
Thank you Gaudin, you are a piece of shit!!!.
Don't waste your time, money, energy, and whatever else you deem valuable at this place because they are pieces of dog poop with no consideration for YOU or YOUR CAR!...
Needless to say, I won't be coming back... they have lost my business, and i'm not the least bit surprised that all these one star reviews popped up.
Gaudin, why bother, go F&%^& yourselves!!

This is the last place you want to bring your car to be serviced.
Disorganized, disinterested, and disrespectful was my direct consumer experience with "Great Big Gaudin Ford".
Simple battery change with diagnosis cost $250 and took two full days.
Do not be deceived by their concept of "appointment".
There is no such thing.
I was told Arrogantly "don't call us we'll call you".
This is like a joke that nobody laughed at when it was originally told...and keeps getting told over and over again...and still nobody is laughing because...it still isn't funny.
You've been warned.
Gaudin Ford doesn't care that you are a third generation Ford owner, that you've dutifully supported the dealership community or anything.
Gaudin Ford doesn't know anything about you and couldn't care less.
Gaudin Ford gives Ford dealerships a bad name.

7500 mile maintenance on my Ford Edge.
The service manager estimated one hour to complete but it was ready sooner.

I would give this place a lower rating if i was only writing a review on the Service Department but have been through the Body Shop as well and they are great.
Believe me, I had a bad experience with the Service Department.
They quoted me a $2000/8-10 day repair and they had no idea how to do the repairs..
The pushed the work towards the body shop and they fixed everything within 3 days and it only cost around $400...
Enough said.
If you can, use the body shop and ask for Matt.
He is extremely thorough and provides excellent customer service!

I've never talked to anyone who "enjoyed" the process of buying a car from a dealership, and I never imagined I'd have an experience that would make the process worthy of taking the time to write a review, let alone a 5-star review.
That was until I shopped with these guys.
I live in Sacramento CA, and was looking for a specific car (a one year old V6 Mustang with manual transmission and performance package, preferably with low miles).
I found one at Gaudin Ford...
I had plans to go to Las Vegas for a convention (the SEMA convention) at the end of October, which was a few weeks away..
I didn't want to go all the way to Vegas to get the car, just a few weeks prior to going there for the convention.
These guys were AMAZING.. they worked with me so that I could pick up the car while I was in Vegas for the convention.
The salesman (Sergio Correa) was great - not your typical car salesman - he was friendly, genuine, not pushy and a really nice guy to work with.
The guys in the Finance dept (Jacob and Sam) were also really helpful and friendly.
I got the exact car I wanted (and it even has some more features than I was looking for, which was icing on the cake), it only had 9k miles on it, and I felt great about the entire transaction.
My wife and I left the dealership in amazement - we both commented that it would be worth going there from Sacramento again for our next car purchase, just to deal with these folks.
Great job Gaudin Ford!!

I just purchased a car from Gaudin and could not be happier.
I know a lot of these dealerships have shady reviews, but I've been around the block with these dealerships in Vegas and I made an account to rate this place just because of how much it stood out from my other dealership experiences.
I was planning on buying a certain car from another dealership but checked in with Greg Anderson - he was able to get me in the same car but with less mileage, better trim, leather seating and a better car history for the same amount of money.
Financing was a breeze - it was incredibly flexible and stress-free.
Junior Daher helped me out so much with the paperwork and even drove my car out for me when I returned my rental car and could not have been friendlier or more helpful.
I know this whole thing sounds over enthusiastic but as a young guy looking for his first car it's tough to find a place that treats you with respect and dignity and doesn't try to pull the wool over your eyes.
Very refreshing and the dealership itself is great - no gimmicks, just a nice big screen and a few comfortable chairs and some interesting displays.
They got my business for a reason, and it makes a lot more sense to me that they've been in business this long.
Ask for Greg or Junior - They'll treat you like a person!

We have bought many cars throughout the years, but by far our experience with Gaudin Ford has been, hands down THE BEST EVER.
There was absolutley NO PRESSURE from our salesman, Tim to the financing with Bob.
I was so happy with Bob in financing only presenting optional packages that he thought would benefit us and our use for our car.
The extended warranty and the tire package Bob showed us worked great for our needs, and we bought both from him!
Our experience from start to finish at Gaudin is what ALL car buying experiences should be...simple, friendly,fast, no hassle and fun!
We absolutely LOVE the Ford Edge we bought.
Thanks again to Tim, Bob & everyone at Gaudin Ford!
We WILL be recommending and buying from you again.
Rick & Lisa Rockwell

Absolutely Not.
There is absolutely no possible way that I will recommend Gaudin Ford to anyone living in Las Vegas.
While other Yelp reviewers write about the body shop or the service department, my problem is with the new car sales team.
My fiancee and I had done our research and ended up visiting Gaudin Ford to look at the 2013 Ford Escape and the 2013 Focus Titanium.
Our sales guy was nice and helpful, the test drive went without a hitch, but the problems began once we walked in the front door and started the process of applying for credit and trying to purchase the vehicles.
The main problems we had with Gaudin Ford started with a serious listening problem.
I had lenders I did not want to use, Gaudin Ford ran our credit by them anyway.
The process of finding out if my fiancee qualified for financing took almost 3 business days.
In this day and age that's an eternity.
Calls were not returned until I badgered the poor receptionist into having the sales guy overhead paged...but then when the financing department finally called us they said sorry, we can't do financing, she will have to do a 2 year lease.
I had a long established history with Ford Credit, they even commented on it but when I asked them about buying the car under my name using my history with Ford Credit they didn't even respond to me!
By that time we had had enough and we left the dealership with my fiancee in tears as she had never experienced anything like that.
Fast forward 30 days later.
There are 2 new vehicles in my driveway, both of which have Carmax stickers on them.
There was no lease required for my fiancee, and both of us have very competitive interest rates that left us smiling.
I did get an email from Justin Priddy at Gaudin Ford asking for feedback...but if they couldn't listen to me face to face on several occasions, how can I trust that my email feedback will ever be read, much less considered?
One of my new vehicles is a 2013 Ford...but when it comes to service I can safely say it will not grace the doors of Gaudin's service department.
1 Star, with a recommendation to stay on 215 and keep driving by.
The best view of Gaudin Ford is seen at 65 mph as you're going ANYWHERE ELSE.
And oh yeah, I have a couple of special lists to place Gaudin Ford on.
My friends already knew it was coming.
Trust me when I say this placement was earned and then some.
(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #9)

AVOID!!!
I was here on March 25, 2013.
My battery light has been coming on while driving.
I assumed it was an alternator on it's way out.
I went to the service parts place and was "helped" by a man named Chris.
He was extremely rude and ignorant.
He discriminated against me because I was a young woman.
He tested my alternator ( the same thing Auto Zone does for free) and said it tests fine and because of that, he has no other reason to do any other tests.
I kid you not he said "I don't want to waste anymore of my time.
" I asked to speak to a manager on 3 different attempts and he kept saying a manager would call me but they will tell me the same thing.
I never did a call from a manager.
Our last phone call he said that he spoke to his manager Kathy and she said it was a fair trade that I should still be charged the $130 for the diagnostics test even though all he did was do the same thing Auto Zone does for free.
I went to Team Ford today (March 27,2013) and they charged me the diagnostics fee but did say I have a bad alternator!!
I will not be returning to Gaudin Ford.
Horrible place and horrible customer service.
Also not very educated.
I would like my $130 I paid for nothing.

I tried Gaudin Ford Service and I compared them to Ford Country Service in Las Vegas .
I will choose Ford Country Service for my future repairs and pass on using Gaudin Ford.
Gaudin Ford $ervice has higher pricing than Ford Country Service.. For example, to  inspect my seat belt for repair , Gaudin charged me $60 inspection fee.
Ford Country charged me   $ZERO  for the same inspection.
I spent $2000 for my repair work at Gaudin, yet they wanted to charge me $60 to inspect my seat belt?
No thank you, Gaudin Ford Service....
I will not be coming back in the future  when my cars need repair.
Bruce Redden

AVOID EVRYONE THAT WORKS AT THE BODY SHOP!
JUST DONT GO THERE.
YOU WILL HATE YOURSELF IF YOU USE THEM!
JUST DONT!
Insurance adjuster from Farmers (our insurance company) came to look at our car and said about $3500 in repairs.
He gave us a sheet of paper with their C.O.D.
(circle of something) and it had Gaudin Ford Body Shop on it.
It happened to be the closest to us, so we decided that we would take the car there for repairs.
They said they had someone who SPECIALIZED in Volkswagen so it made both my GF and I feel comfortable dropping it off there and letting them do the repairs.
Their "BODY SHOP VW EXPERT" came to look at the damage and said it was about $6000.
The guy said he would update us on the progress, which he did.
he would leave messages if i didnt answer my phone and give an update on the car.
About 3 weeks in, I get a Voicemail saying that he was about to call and let us know our vehicle was done with all the repairs, after the paint finished drying...
BUT THE SIDE CURTAIN AIRBAG WENT OFF!!!
Apparently, these guys did not check to see if any of the sensors, from the CAR ACCIDENT, were jacked up, causing the airbag to deploy.
Also, rewind about 2 weeks...
I stopped in, un announced - and saw my car in the body shop not attended to, so I walked over, saw the side doors had been taken off (to be replaced) with a STICKY NOTE on it which reads, " WILL NEED MUD PICS - MAKE IT LOOK BAD" with the guys enitials below.
WTF DOES THAT MEAN?!
I had no idea, so I called Farmers and they said MUD PICS are the "area of damage" so i understood that the body shop needs to send pictures of the jacked up part of the car to Farmers so Farmers will see what damage is on the car, to get more then the 3500 that the Farmers Adjuster quoted me.
But, I did not understand why the body shop "VW EXPERT" needs these pictures to "LOOK BAD"!!
(are they trying to screw over the insurance company and make them pay more then necessary?
)  So the Farmers person told me to send him the pictures that i took with my phone of the STICKY NOTE, and he would run it up the lader to his superior to investigate the wierd notion of the body shop trying to get more money for repairs then they should be.
Fast forward back to the airbag going off... the message says, "crazy little occurance happened yesterday, it was kinda strange so ill just tell you the story, I had the vehicle all put back together, and went to start the vehicle and the side curtain airbags on the side that we fixed all blew.
it sound like a gun shot inside the shop yesterday, um... had my guy plug into the system to find out what was wrong and the airbag sensor inside the front door had a HAIRLINE crack in it, um... sooo... thankfully it happened here, not once you guys got the car back so i got the additional airbag stuff ordered not sure if its gunna be here tomorrow or thursday, they said 2-3 working days,im gunna try to get all the other stuff done in the mean time.
deffintly wont be done for tomorrow now with the additional stuff that we encountered, so im trying for the end of the week, ill give you another update thursday morning, if you have any questions call me back.
"  They refuse GIVING us a rental car, though it was THEIR FAULT we had to wait longer because of the AIRBAG going off which they should have checked in the first place!!!
THESE GUYS SHOULD HAVE CHECKED THE AIRBAG SENSORS BEFORE THEY STARTED TO WORK ON THE CAR!
So they found out airbags are on BACKORDER from VW, and nobody in the NATION has this side curtain airbag for another week or MORE!
that message I just typed out was left for me on 3/26/2013.
He called again on 4/4/2013 and said VW is supposed to give them an update when the airbag will be coming in.
I never got a phone call letting me know the airbag came in, no big deal, i just figured it hadn't came in.
So yesterday 04/10/2013 I get a phone call saying the car is all finished and ready to be picked up.
Today 04/11/2013 My gf and I go in to pick up our much missed car, its been 1 month sence having it, and ITS NOT EVEN FINISHED!
My REAR WINDOW doesnt work.
Also, there is a ton of some kind of glue that they used, who knows what for, all over the place on both door jams...my fingers could not get it off,so i told the guy, showed him, he went inside to get somethign to get it off, and it didnt work... so he went back inside... and never came back...
wtf?!
We also noticed PAINT WAS MISSING!!!
the door was put on WRONG - the angle the door was mounted on caused the door to rub the paint off when being opened  and closed.. we told the guy this, and he said, "oh yeah.. he had to re-mount the door after it got painted.
" didn't the "VW EXPERT" know how to mount a fkn door correctly?!
couldnt he feel the door not closing properly?!
why would he get it painted with it not closing correctly?!
On top of all this, after the airbag went off, our "VW EXPERT BODY MAN" has completly turned into a fkn asshole.
DEFFINETLY NOT CUSTOMER S

If I could give them zero stars I would.
I was put in touch with them via CostCo auto purchase program.
I filled out the form and gave CostCo my personal address based upon the statement that my email would be given to on-one except the dealer they picked which to my detriment was Gaudin.
I was requesting information on a certain truck and had never even consider that truck or mentioned it to anyone.
The next day I started receiving emails from other second tier dealers or brokers in the Las Vegas area.
I contact CostCo and they are looking into the issue.
The issue is somewhere between CostCo and Gaudin.
Both deny they released my private email address.
I spoke with the Internet Sales Manager.
He is the epitome of a smart ass sales manager, everything is not his problem.
I never stated it was ''his' problem exclusively.
Just that somewhere along the chain of CostCo and Gaudin there is a problem.
Rightfully so he stated that why would he give my information to a competitor.
However when I suggested he does not know what his sales people do with the information, he said he absolutely knows what they do.
He must be watching them 24 hours a day to be able to state that.
He has a horrid, 'Holier than thou' attitude.
With a attitude like that, he is a detriment to the company and hopefully others will not support this company.
Looking at the number of negative reviews for Gauadin it is surprising that they stay in business.
I guess what has been attributed to Barnum was right,  there is ' A sucker born every minute' and they keep places like this in business.
With the number of negative reviews plus my experience with them, I assume the few positive reviews are fake, posted by them.

My experience started off great, they assisted me in every step of purchasing a used vehicle and treated me like a valued customer..little did I know this was a one time treatment.
As the process continued their greatness declined.
First the Finance guy was rude and harassing my family and I.
When we said we weren't interested in gap insurance he was angry (obviously because he wasn't going to make much profit on the used car I purchased or maybe no profit at all.
I was uncomfortable, he was speaking to my mom as if she was uneducated.
My father had to step in and end his gap insurance game.
Once out of the finance department I paid got the keys and drove off.
Shortly after I received an email thanking me for my business and ensuring if I had ANY issues don't hesitate to call.
Well issues sprung up as I drove off the lot.
First the tire pressure light came on, no biggie.
Give them a call, schedule an apt, drop it off, pick it up all set.
On my way home, light is back on.
Make an apt with my sales associate to bring it in to be serviced.
Then another issue springs up, my windshield starts cracking and nothing has hit it.
Safelite comes and checks it out, poor repair job cant be covered by insurance.
I arrive the next day to handle both issues on my car, mind you its less than 20 days old (2008 but for my ownership less than 20 days), I walk in my sales associate is off, strange I made an apt with him.
Can i speak to his manager?
He's off today too.
Can I speak to another manager.
I meet with the manager he tells me he will look into the history and get to the bottom of my windshield.
Great!
Progress!
He directs me to service for my apt.
I walk in no body knows what to do with me.
I don't have an apt Im not in their system they are giving me attitude.
Their customer service skills were nonexistent.
They direct me back inside.
I tell them I've already been at the dealer far too long and I have to head off to work.
I leave my keys and my phone number, they say I can pick up the car in the afternoon.
Never call, email nothing.
The following morning my sales associates manager calls me and says he is happy to research my windshield.
A couple hours later my sales associate calls me back and says he's sorry but they cant help with the windshield they didn't sell it to me with a crack so I will have top pay out of pocket.
My mind is blown!
I will never return to that dealer AGAIN.
They boast about being a loyal family business but I didn't receive that treatment past day 1 and day 1 got a little rocky!
AVOID AT ALL COSTS!

This review is for the BODY SHOP.
I dropped off my car there at 9am to have the bumper replaced.
I called in the morning to make sure the part was in, and I was told it was.
I saw someone take the car to the back before I left.
I called at 3:15pm to check on the status of my car.
The receptionist (Stephanie) said the person who took the order to get my car fixed isn't coming in so she doesn't know the status of my car.
She doesn't know if my car has been fixed or not.
She doesn't know if it will get fixed because the estimator wasn't there to tell anyone what should be done to my car.
She doesn't even know where my car was but she thinks it's in the shop.
I asked to speak to the manager and she giggled and said he was in a meeting (didn't really find anything funny about that!).
What an awful place!
Don't take your car here.
Service is poor!
Stephanie, the receptionist, is a joke!

Don't waste your time with this dealership if I could give lower stars I would, bought a car here and if I could have I would have avoided the dealership in general.
Make sure you ask for complete details on the vehicle and get a carfax not the stupid auto check they give you, and also they never do what they say and don't follow through so in general avoid this place at all costs!

I have just bought my third car from Gaudin.
These guys are awesome...I don't understand why they have such bad reviews.
I always deal with Julio Lazzo.
Straight talk....no crap....looks out for my interests.

VIP Service is exceptional.
Quick and professional service from the time I walked in the door till I drove away.
Estimated one hour for service and they finished a little early.

My husband and I just moved to Vegas from California and needed a car right away.
We contemplated buying a used car from carmax but after doing some research about leasing we stopped by Gaudin Ford.
We are glad we did!
As we pulled up in our U-Haul we saw a few salesman talking amongst themselves and another to the side, so we asked him where we could park.
Right away he answered and genuinely asked what we were looking for today.
He introduced himself as Victor Cardenas.
We had a good idea of what we wanted and told him.
Without hesitation or trying to up sale us, he asked us to sit inside and he will go get the car we were interested in to take a look.
He was very professional and prompt.
He showed us the car's details, mileage and extras.
He had us sit in it and answered all our questions thoroughly.
We have never leased before and he explained every detail on how it works.
We let him know we were on a budget and time schedule which he was very understanding and courteous...we then sat at his desk, he brought us waters, got all our info efficiently and did all the numbers on leasing, to buy and the different terms, to see what best fit us!
He took the time to explain all the factors that would affect our budget.
Within the hour we found a plan that worked for us..and went and took a test drive.
Victor is very easy to talk to and sincere.
He even helped me setup the bluetooth and explain all the fun features of the car.
We got back to the dealership and in no time we were signing the papers!
We didn't feel any pressure to make our decision, he made it easy by not showing us something out of our price range or upgrades to the car we wanted, which you see in sales a lot.
He sent the car to be cleaned and checked up, sent us to the finance department and was finished just in time.
The whole experience was easy, reassuring and we left happy, and still are!
I would recommend Victor Cardenas at Gaudin Ford to anyone looking to buy or lease.
He is a true professional, humble and simply, a good guy looking out for the best interest of the client!
Thanks again for your help Victor!

After moving to Las Vegas I was in search of a Ford Dealer to service my truck as well as it was in Los Angeles.
Worked with Adam and Steve in the Service dept.
They worked hard on getting all my work under my warranty that was to expired in 10 days or 200 more miles.
They did a great job and stayed in communication with me daily.
Much better then Planet Hyundai where we will never go back.
The staff I came in contact with and service were great.
I am a fan and they earned our business.
Thanks Steve and Adam.
Truck runs awesome.

Date of visit: 16 Nov 2013 @ 1:00 pm.
First thing...the only Ford Dealership I know in America that doesn't offer Military Discount.
GAUDIN IS ONE CHEAP S.O.B!!!
Second thing....outrageous auto service center prices.
Being in the military, I travel a lot and have been to a handful of Ford Dealership up and down the West Coast, and never paid more than $75 for a Works Package, but this dealership charged me $90.
Third thing....customer service in the Auto Service Center was average, the advisor seemed more worried about answering his text messages.
Also, wasn't that knowledgable when asked simple questions about service involved with requested work.
The customer service at the cashier desk is horrible.
The lady working there makes it quite obvious she hates her job and that every customer that approaches her is the biggest inconvenience of her day!
Forth and last thing...service completed took over and hour!
At most I've seen it take is 35 minutes at dealerships 3x busier then this place.
They washed my truck...which I normally like, except the fact that it looks like they washed it with a floor broom and now i have hairline scratches everywhere in my clearcoat.
Looks like I'll be spending a weekend with a buffer and wax trying to remove them....cause based off this visit, I firmly believe that this place wouldn't even acknowledge my presence If I went back and complained about it now.
So....spend the extra time and gas and visit the Ford Dealership in North Las Vegas, even though they are much busier, their customer service is top notch and their prices are much more reasonable...plus, they support the troops and offer military discount!
WHAT EVERY YOU DO....STAY AWAY FROM THIS AUTO SERVICE CENTER!!!

javier avila was so helpful in explaining the different models of the f-150 and asking me what i was looking for.
javier made my car buying experience so easy.
i have since referred several people to him.
he is very knowledgeable about all of the models and the accessories.
thanks again javier!!

Made an appointment for a transmission fluid exchange using their website for New year's day.
Was impressed at the time that they were open.
My appointment was confirmed and reminded the day before.
So I drive my car there and the whole dealership was closed.
No signs posted or anything.
I'd be less upset if I was the only one there but there were a couple people trying to drop off their cars as well.
Such poor customer service, it's okay to be closed but they really should have warned customers or posted something on their website about it.
It's this lack of quality service that ensures me or anyone I know will not be using their services.
What a disappointment of a location for one of my favorite car companies.

I only wish I could give zero stars.
Or negative stars.
Upon acceleration, the car jerks.
Like it's having a hard time finding the gear.
I take it in a few days after Christmas.
Lest we not forget, I also have the extended warranty which I pay $90 a month for.
My expedition is 6 years old and I thought getting this coverage would be beneficial as I'm sure the repairs are quite expensive.
So, they tell me the car needs a tune up.
Which of course is not covered.
They tell me this tune up package is going to be about $980.
Wow.
I tell the guy, Christmas was like 4 days ago.
How about we just fix the jerking problem and forego this whole package.
Oh but fixing the jerking problem will be even more--hundreds more.
You've got to be kidding me.
But I'm like a freaking hostage here so what can I do?
I agree.
They call me on 12/31 and tell us we can pick it up after 12.
Fine.
We get there at 2:30 just to find out they closed at 2 for the holiday.
That's funny, that wasn't mentioned on the voice mail message that said the car would be ready after 12.
They didn't say after 12 but before 2.
So that pissed me off.
And then when we finally do pick it up, the jerk face "service advisor" says "oh the repairs came in lower than I quoted...I said $980, but I got it down to $960".
Oh wow!
I'm so grateful that all I wanna do is punch you in the face!
Seriously, he acted like he turned holy water into wine.
What a douche.
I won't go back to this place.
Ever.
I know these dealers are all the same but it's like they go out of their way to make it an awful experience.
I usually bring it to Ford Country...those guys aren't as douchey.

We bought a new Ford which was a great experience.
The sales force was great.
After tow months someone runs into the back of our car and destroys the back end.
Take it back to Gaudin and again great service and quality work.
Chris was the contact for us in the body shop.
I have to give him 5 Stars for effort and patience with us.
Thank you for doing a great job.
I would recommend Gaudin everytime if you are looking for a new car or repairs.
Thanks again Chris!!!!

Quick Lane service for my Fusion.
Not bad but they don't take appointments.
They do wash your car when its finished which is the only plus over Friendly Ford so I only use Gaudin for convenience since i live closer.
Friendly Ford is far better overall and I will continure buying my Fords there for the great sales staff.

Ask for Manny!!
He's the BEST!
He helped me get my fender bender fixed in no time at all.
I know his focus on more of the luxury car side but my dad might of called in a favor.
I was treated like gold from start to finish and would go in where else if god forbid I need his services again

If I could leave a negative 5 star rating I would.
I can't believe the fraud and attempted fraud I experienced here.
I took my truck in for service.
I needed two brand new keys programmed.
I had the keys and they were already cut but not programmed for the truck.
The service writer told me that the cost for the two keys would be an hour of labor, $140.00.
I accepted that because I know dealerships are amazingly expensive.
He said they would do a safety check and a general inspection of the truck too.
I told him I did not want any of that because I do my own work on it.
They did all that anyway and tied me up for an additional hour.
The first attempted fraud occurred before I left the service area where the service writer was.
I was handed a printout showing I needed a front end alignment.
OH REALLY???
The brand new General tires and the new tie rod ends along with the obvious new alignment didn't tip you off that the front end is OK?
Next, I waited and waited and waited for my keys to be programmed.
Finally after 2 hours, I was told that my keys could not be programmed.
The keys they would provide would cost an extra $50.00.
I approved it.
The cost was actually about $60.00.
Minutes later, the service writer and cashier told me the truck was ready.
I asked how could it be ready so soon when each new dealer key had to be cut then programmed for 10 minutes?
They both looked down at the ground like two children caught in a lie.
That told me all I needed to know.
They scammed me out of an additional $60.00 to pad the bill.
I just paid it so I could get out of there.
I was too incensed to argue or blow up at them.
They then pointed out that I needed an oil change.
WHAT????
I am 2,000 miles into a full synthetic oil change that is good for 5,000 miles.
I just looked at them in disbelief.
Attempted fraud #2.
Now, I need a new battery.
No I do not.
My two year old battery that has a 5 year full warranty is doing just fine.
Attempted fraud #3.
I assume they do this to everyone because they are real smooth at it.
They pretend to be looking out for you but they are just looking for an opening to exploit an uninformed customer.
I will never go back to Gaudin Ford for service and I will never buy a new vehicle from them.
After my experience with them, Ford Motor Company is lucky I would be willing to even consider another Ford ever again.

I love going to Gaudin Ford.
They always do terrific work on my car and always go above and beyond.
The waiting area is great and allows me to work while I wait for my car to get done.
Everyone is extremely helpful and friendly.
Highly recommend to others.

Stuck at Gaudin Ford for what they say is two hours for a friggin oil change.
This is ridiculous.
Next time I won't pay for the service plan since it is too expensive for my time.
Ok.
So done quicker than estimated.
Eric was great getting me out the door and keeping me informed.
Started out as a 1 star because of the long time estimate.
Ended as a five star because of Eric and the staff's service.

