I have come here many times, and as long as the super-nice owner is there I have no problems.
If I don't deal with him directly, I tend to get aggravated quickly.
The prices on the books are way cheaper than Rebelbooks or the UNLV Barnes and Noble bookstore.
However, their new buyback policy freakin' sucks.
You have to wait THIRTY days for a check.
And today well after thirty days I went in to get my check, and the printer was down.
Luckily said super-nice owner was there and he wrote me a check anyways so my visit was quick.
Overall I do like this location especially when ordering books as it usually is a good process and I get everything relatively quickly, even on short notice.
They have done many special orders for me and the prices are akin to what you would get off Amazon in most cases.
The waiting for the checks and the fact that this place is usually busy as all get-out 90% of the time is the only reason I have demoted this to three stars.
But as long as you work with the right people and have patience, it usually pays off.

They are a friendly bunch in there.
The inside is a bit boring.
But, oh well.
That green truck of theirs I see everywhere around that side of town is awful looking.

Made my day!
Was about to spend 96 for a book I needed today and thought id run in and see.
Sure enough they had a perfect condition used version for 36- rebelbooks and UNLV bookstore swore there were none used.
I was so happy and they put my name on a list to watch for the ones I need for the fall.
Highly recommend these guys!

Excellent place to pick up your books for a low price.
Much better then the UNLV Bookstore.

Not a bad place to buy books.
The books are cheeper here than at rebel book and UNLV bookstore, and you get more money back when selling them back.
Because they have stores across the country, they are more likely to take your books, because they have other colleges that might use them, as opposed to just UNLV.
If you want Cash right away, this is not the place to go to.
However, the credit you get from selling back books WILL go towards any new books you are buying from them.
I don't personally mind the whole wait period, because I just sell back the books and then use the credit I get the next time I buy books.
They keep your information in the computer too, so that if someone steals your books and then tries to sell them back, they can contact you.
They don't always have the biggest selection, becuase they tend to be in a lot of demand.
They rely on students selling back their books, so if they don't have it, it's because nobody has sold it to them.
Luckily, they are in the same Parking lot as Rebel Books, so if they don't have want you want, it's not like you have to walk very far to get to an alternative store.

MY FAVORITE BOOKSTORE by campus.
I great place to go to resale your books after the term.
They also trade old books for products (books,t-shirts, etc.).
But what i like the most are the two men that work there (owner & manger?
) are Super nice and down to earth.
Good job guys.

ALERT UNLV STUDENTS.
I recently sold my books to beat the bookstore.
They wrote me a check on a non-existent account.
Please tell your friends, this business is NOT to be trusted.

Definitely enjoyed my trip to Beat The Bookstore!
I paid 86 dollars for four of the books i needed for Fall semester!
Mandy and Natasha were SO helpful and nice.
NTM one of their books that my friend needed to rent cost more than a rebel books price, so they lowered the price of the book to an even cheaper price.
I am ecstatic with the service i received today!

This review is for the purchase of books, I have yet to sell any books back to this store.
The employees were very helpful and the line moved quickly.
I checked the prices on Amazon before shopping here and the prices were pretty comparable (maybe an extra $2-3, but there's certainly a benefit to buying books from an actual store vs. online).
One of my books was out of stock, but I think that was due to it being a new item... the other bookstores I checked were also out of stock.
The only reason that this place is getting docked a star is because all of the books are behind the counter.
There was excessively highlighting that I noticed in one of the books and the cashier had no problem grabbing a different one at my request, but I prefer the option to look through the books when buying used.

I used to go to this store, 5 years ago as a freshman, when you could actually walk in and touch books...but now, it has become a little but more shady.
I trust Rebelbooks and the school bookstore more because they just look like trustworthy places to swipe a credit card.
So pay cash, because who knows what goes on in there!!!
It usually is cheaper than the other stores by a good few dollars.
That's probably one of the most useful things about this store.
Even though it's not the prettiest store, it's not like their line is bulging out the door like it should be because of their "competitive" prices.
You know kids be down at RB and UB because BTB has little stock!

