Went there to get my husband's ring re-sized.
There were 3 people working and they were all around the same customer.
We didn't even get acknowledged for the first 5 minutes.
Lady who is helping us starts speaking to a coworker, about a change in the schedule, right in the middle of helping us.
Very unprofessional.
Then they ask for our email to notify us, and we ask if they could call us, the lady says yes.
I called them 3 days after our promise day and asked if the ring is ready because no one called to notify us.
She starts arguing with me on the phone that they never call people, they only send email.
Ok lady, can you tell me if the ring is ready.....?
Yes, it is ready.
Ok, what are your opening hours tomorrow?
She didn't know exactly.... How can you work somewhere and not know the opening hours?
When we went to pick up the ring, same story, waited for 5 minutes until finally got acknowledged.
They don't say hello when you come in, that is very unprofessional in my opinion.
Even if you are busy, at least greet the customer and tell them that you will assist them shortly.
Anyway, long story short, this place is in serious need of a customer service training.

Ask for Danae, she is extremely helpful, down-to-earth and can hone in on what you need/want for your special day.
My fiance and I are very happy with purchasing our wedding bands from here and definitely appreciate the help of Danae and the rest of the staff!

My boyfriend bought me a bracelet from another location, went here today to get my bracelet resized.
After pulling up my boyfriend's info, the salesman tells me I have to buy another warranty to get it resized even though  in the computer that there were 2 transactions that my boyfriend made (1 for the bracelet and another for the warranty).
And even after I told them that's not what he was told when be purchased the bracelet, he still insisted I buy the warranty.
When I called the Kay customer Service, they confirmed that I have the warranty needed.
DON'T ever come here.
They'll lie and cheat just to get some sale.
I've been a Zales customer for at least 5 years now, I've never had any inconvenience with them.
going back to the store where my boyfriend got my bracelet to return this.
I refuse to support businesses that don't care for their customers, and just focused on sales.

The employees here have been very helpful in helping my fiancé and I pick out an engagement ring.
They were never too pushy, instead offering us many suggestions that best fit what we were looking for.
If you plan on getting your engagement ring here, ask for a guy named 'Trey'.
He was very knowledgeable about gem cuts, quality, sizing, etc.
pretty much informative all around.
If it weren't for him, we wouldn't have known that Kay actually offers not only a military discount, but also opportunities to customize your engagement ring to make it more personal.
Personally, I'm not a fan of the so-called 'traditional' (as traditional as De Beers made it in the past 70-something years, ha!
) diamond engagement ring, as I feel conflicted in buying a stone that may have been a blood diamond/conflict diamonds (plus I really hate how De Beers has a monopoly on the diamond industry and made the rock's price more inflated than it should be).
So I wanted a sapphire engagement ring akin to the one the famous Princess Diana once wore and that Duchess Kate currently wears.
I asked Trey if this was possible for one of their designs I picked out and indeed it was.
All they needed to do was swap out the diamond center stone for a sapphire one.
They also offered to let me change the smalld diamonds on the sides of the ring as well to whatever gemstone I like, but some rings would be more costly than others if you do that.
It depends on the ring style as some would need to be completely rebuilt from scratch to have those gemstones in, instead of simply swapping them out.
One of the other employees (a woman; can't remember her name) was also incredibly helpful and gracious in helping me and my fiancé out when some unwanted mash-up happened between the Kay in this mall and some Kay store in LA (where my fiancé went to buy me a charm bracelet).
She took her time to sort out the receipts and the correct discounts, despite it taking 3 hours to do (it would've been worse if I had to be the one to do all of that)!
These workers deserve tips on these kinds of things.
The only thing I'm miffed about is how it's taking a while to resize my engagement ring.
Apparently, Kay only allows rings to go one resize up or one size down.
If you have thicker or thinner fingers than the next size up/down, then they'd have to build the ring entirely from scratch.
For some reason, this takes a really long time to do.
It has been a month now since I turned my ring in to them for resizing, and still no ring.
If they can find a way to pick up their service on that, then I'd give this place 5 stars.

