We thought that this would've been a nice store, it seems huge from the outside and it is huge on the inside, unfortunately one entrance was open and it was broad daylight.
They are taking out the one-hour photo lab.
They weren't opening new checkstands.
The store seemed to be out of stock, way out of stock with so many items missing from each aisle.
Most other Smith's are very nice, what happened here?

I used to live in Henderson and thought this Smith's would be like the one by Horizon Ridge, but it totally isn't.
It's smaller or - I don't know, it doesn't look as well cared for or something.
I only go here because it's close to me and sells the groceries I need.
Staff are pretty decent and the place is usually clean.
I wish they had more cashiers, though, and more staff bringing in carts.
There's this one kid doing the bagging who is so funny- he's naturally humorous and relates to the customers well.
Good job, kid.
He's going places.

This store, by far, employs the most unintelligent, unhelpful, and blatantly rude/lazy staff I've ever seen in the Kroger family of stores.
I actually had a self-check cashier who was too lazy to push a single button to clear my screen for me, and kept INSISTING that I wait for her to finish her social conversation, while lying to me and claiming she was helping some man that she wasn't talking to... (She was instead gossiping with two other customers/friends of hers.
)   Of course, I get stuck with such incompetence while I've got meat in my car, baking at 110 degrees.
Not only did she refuse to do her job, but she refused to page a manager, and then attempted to incite a fight between myself and another customer.
After I went and got the manager, I returned to find the woman gossiping about me to another customer who wasn't even involved.
Spoke with the store director the next day.
Explained the situation, was informed that it was not the first time this woman had behaved poorly and not followed procedure... yet she's still working there a month or two later.
She also seems to have a penchant for sticking her nose in everyone else's business, because every time I see her, she's gossiping with someone about someone else in the store or about other customers.
Thanks, but I'll take my business elsewhere.
Don't need that shit when I'm trying to buy some groceries.

This is probably one of the lower quality Smith's in town.
The service is weak at checkout and the produce section is atrocious.
The one redeeming quality of the location is that it is by my house and they usually have decent specials on meat/seafood biweekly.

I walk to this store everyday and love it.
Sure it is not the largest or most equip Smiths but ranking a generally 5 star supermarket low because it is not the best example is giving a unfair opinion  Smiths generally are much cheaper than others (esp the Albertsons across the road), and in a year of going everyday I can't honestly recall the people other reviewers have complained about.
But lets be honest, it is a supermarket not a service industry, you go there for groceries and Smiths has some of the best prices and sales available in Las Vegas.
In addition this Smiths is in a well to do area (which is why it is surprising it is smaller and does not have as large a variety as others), so a nice bonus if your single is the pool of wealthier better looking healthier people who shop there.
Did I mention i go there everyday???

We came in here to walk off our food coma from Sushi Mon, and this place is super huge and carries quite a variety of merchandise.
We came before Christmas, so they had a section of items that would make pretty cool gifts like a hot pink Blu-Ray player for $60.
There were some good deals too, like a bag of Clementine oranges for $3 with card.
The employees I had encountered here were some of the friendliest in the grocery store business, so that alone, would be worth 4 stars.

This isn't my favorite Smiths but it's closest to our house.
I prefer the location on Horizon Ridge and Eastern.
The Eastern location feels a little newer or cleaner.
Can't put my finger on why I don't love this location.
There's nothing really to complain about....it's just a typical grocery store...no thrills but nothing seriously wrong.

This place has improved greatly!
The service has gotten better and store is much cleaner.
They seem to have gotten rid of the slacker employees and the management is really focusing on customer service.
Not a great deli or meat dept.
and the whole store has been organized different.
I can't see the reason for the placement of many products but I think it will take a while to get used to it.

24 hour is a huge plus.
This is my local grocery store and it works out well.
Decent produce, good prices on basics.
Renovation is nice and added needed lighting.

This Smith's has gotten much better since they remodeled it.
I still perfer the Smith's up off Eastern.
They seem to have a better selection on some items.
But this one is closer and will contuinue to still use.

It may sound a bit petty but I'm annoyed with their customer service desk.
They stay open until 7 and it's what the sign posted says.
I pay my utilities there.
Well I've gone there 3 times between 5 and 6 and it was closed.
I finally decided to go across the street to Albertsons.
I don't like shopping there but I have to go there to pay my bills.
I used to like smiths because  my bank is there, I do my shopping and pay my bills in one store.
Now I'm a little irritated.
It's just bad service to close 1-2 hours early on a regular basis yet your sign states 7.

Nine times out of ten, this store is great.
I just went through the line with a checker named Lida.
She could not have been more rude.
She never even said hi.
She was chatting with the nagger and another checker.
This was after she was finished chatting with another checker, making people wait in line.
Lida is not a checker that I am familiar with but I would rather wait in a long line than go through hers again.

Always fresh produce and their seafood section ROCKS!
The meat section usually always has what I need as well.
They have a pretty great checkout system so I've never had to wait more than 1-2 people deep.
I love this Smith's.

I do most of my shopping at Smith's.
They have everything I need.
They are usually stocked.
A few times when I noticed they were out of what I wanted in the produce section,  the employees always willingly go to the back and grab it for me!
I never have to wait in line too long.
The employees always make sure the lines don't get too long.
Great customer service and friendly staff!

I've been coming to this Smiths for years since I moved in this area of Vegas.
Nothing bad to say about this location.
The staff are friendly, the food selection is good & of you catch it at the right time there seems to be a sale on something.
I do tend to shop at night while the stores are quiet, that's mainly how I avoid all the nonsense & crowds.

When I checked out last week, the cashier asked if I found everything I was looking for; I replied no, that I had wanted to get some Swiss chard, found none, so settled for turnip greens.
She then got on her phone and requested the produce manager.
He went and checked if they had any Swiss chard, returned and told me no, but he would order some.
I also asked him to get some leeks.
He asked me if I looked for them in the organic section--I told him no, but I wanted the regular leeks and found none.
I went back yesterday and neither Swiss chard or leeks (none in the organic section or regular section) were there.
Last week I also bought some iceberg lettuce, though it was tough choosing one that didn't have brown gook at the cut end--I mentioned this to the cashier too.
My summertime favorite, peaches, were omitted from my shopping list after buying a bag there which cost me nearly $10.
After eating two which were bland and pithy, I made them into a pie, and with the addition of sugar and lemon juice they were rescued.
But I'm not going to make the mistake of buying them here again

Having a grocery store within walking distance of your house is a luxury that people often take for granted.
Having a few of them within the same distance is a blessing that I will appreciate beyond belief.
Smith's might not be my first choice for groceries, but I will go in from time to time to compare them to the competitor across the street and when I am too lazy to go to TJ.
I like that I can get in and out without much hassle and once in a while they have some great pantry stocking sales.

This is a nighttime experience review.
I'm the type of person who likes to get in and get out of the stores.
If you're looking for little to no lines as well as little instore traffic, this is the right place.
The prices are definitely better than most grocery stores as well.
It also has self checkouts that are always open so you don't need a cashier.
To top it all off, it's 24hrs.
Very convenient!

Stopping off at the store again for fresh stuff that I can't keep for too long.
I am looking at getting yorgurt, bread for sandwich, milk and some kind of fruit.
I have to be good with my diet and watch my glucose, so I am trying to get fresh item to eat daily.
I know sale items starts today on Wednesday,  hope they some good deals for me to make other meals during the rest of the week.
Smiths Store is pretty easy to shop at as they are a few of the stores left that have self check out  in the store.
I know VONS and Albertsons in my area has taken those lanes out.
It is a pain when you only have a few item to check out and wanna go.
plus using the Smith rewards card can help on your gas pending o  your shopping dollars.
more you spend of course the better your rewards at the pump will be.
And I have to get a gift card for a gift and they have everything under the sun as for gift cards to, so even more convenient to shop at.

I go to this smiths because it is the closest supermarket to my house.
There is an Albertson's that is across the street from the Smith's, but I prefer Smith's.
First of all, Smith's is open 24/7.
That's great if I need some late night munchies or commodities such as toilet paper.
Second, they have self checkout registers.
I feel weird getting checked out by an employee, it seems as if I should be tipping them or something.
If you have a shoppers card, you can save a lot of money on certain items that are discounted.
And, if you use your card, you can redeem points towards gas discounts, which really isn't that great because the discount is at Shell stations, which charge a lot more than most gas stations.
I will continue to shop here because it's convenient.
The prices aren't that bad either, it's better than Albertsons.
I think the prices are better than Vons too.

