Everyone at my work seems to like this place, and it's.... ok.
But it's a bit too pricey for what you get.
They are supposedly famous for their rotisserie chicken, but to be honest I think that the stuff at Albertson's/Vons is better (and cheaper).
In fact, even though rotisserie is supposed to help the fat drain away from the chicken, I nearly gagged on a gob of fat.
Gross!
The food is supposed to be Mexican (or something) but it's pretty blah.
There are no spices and the flavors are pretty much what a Midwesterner might interpret Mexican food to be.
They insisted that the guacamole is made fresh, but when I asked for a batch that didn't contain tomatoes, they balked saying that they used all the avocados in the morning to make that day's guac.
Uh, ok. That doesn't sound very fresh.
Even Baja Fresh will give me a slice of avocado.
The salads are large and people seem to like that and it also seems to be the best deal in the place.
The quesadillas are ok, but then again, it's pretty hard to mess up a quesadilla that just has (rotisserie) chicken in it and cheese.

If you're looking for good rotisserie chicken with a Mexiterranean twist, Sonio's is the place to go.
A popular lunch hangout for everyone from office workers to local TV news crews, everything at Sonio's is made fresh.
The spicy chicken Caesar salad is among one of my favorite dishes -- along with the traditional Mexican fare and Mediterranean side dishes.
As for the rotisserie chicken and homemade pitas, I have never left the place feeling unsatisfied.
They're that good.

The current incarnation of Sonio's Cafe has been revamped since a raging fire burnt the original one down in late 04 (or was it early 05?).
Fire be damned, Sonio's is hands down one of the best rotisserie chicken cafe's I have ever visited.
As noted in the last review, this is a very popular lunchtime destination.
If you are not there by 11:15 AM, expect a full house with a line out the door and around the corner.
Thank goodness the wait staff are experts at moving the crowds through, so while you may have to wait, it is usually for not longer than 10-15 minutes.
My all time favorite dish is the Mexican Caesar salad.
Served up in a bowl the size of a large kitchen colander, you get a mountain of greens and roasted chicken, all done up with just the right amount of a spicy version of a Caesar dressing.
Add in a couple of handfuls toasted pita bread crumbles, and you have the perfect salad/meal!
I have also had several of the pitas and wraps and was equally impressed and satisfied with the portion size and quality.
Even if you don't work (or aren't staying) anywhere near their location on the corner of Charleston and Valley View, this is one place that makes a trip across town or away from the strip absolutely worth it!

Blah, no flavor.
Busy but I have no idea why.

Always enjoy Sonios when I am in the area for lunch.
My favorite is the roasted chicken, feta spinach pasta salad and roasted potatoes.
Salads are also very good.
This is a quicker and louder place, which is reasonable for the type of restaurant it is.
Not diner food, but diner type setting.
Service can be hit or miss - usually pretty quick - my experience is that the wait staff works very hard, but the place may just be short staffed - they seem to run a counter type service business, with cooks behind he counter and servers bringing the food - fast paced and probably tough to keep up.
Nonetheless, this usually does not hurt service too much, but, again, the waitstaff looks like they really work hard in a tough system, and my guess is they get unfairly penalized in tips based on how hard they have to work with 1-2 waitstaff.
Anyway, for what it is, I recommend it - good value, good food that is well prepared and more flavorful than the average.

Sonio's, which specializes in rotiserrie chicken has a pretty loyal following.
I'd heard about it for years through word of mouth.
This popular restaurant was rebuilt after it was badly damaged by a fire a few years ago.
I had lunch with a good friend here, who highly recommended the salad.
It was packed during lunch, which is not unusual- it's kind of small and situated in a strip mall across the street from the Las Vegas Valley Water District on Charleston/Valley View.
The salads are huge.
(If you are not hungry, I would recommend splitting it or ordering something else.
) I got the chinese chicken salad (fave salad), which I really enjoyed.
My friend got a different salad (she'd been here before, many times).
We each sampled a bit of each other's salad, but I liked mine better.
Also available are sandwiches.
I ordered a two piece meal plus sides, to go, for my husband.
It was taking a long time so I finally went up to the counter.
Somehow the order was not placed.
When my husband ate it for dinner, he found the chicken a bit dry, and in general, was not impressed.

Eat This - chicago style polish, greek fries, spinach & feta pasta Not Cr*p - rotiserrie chicken  The $14 groupon goes a long way & there's plenty of selections to make that $14 worthwhile.
Absolutely nothing spectacular comes to mind regarding the rotiserrie chicken & the faux seasoning is mentally agitating.
That this review is forced to move on to better things.
Their sides!
The humble after thoughts of a meal are the centerpieces in assembling a potentially good lunch.
Spinach & feta pasta salad; floating sensations of savory dressing, light & abstract tinges of cheese.
Health lovers rejoice!
Herb& cheese greek fries homely & comforting, these are not the animal-style fries you ordered for.
A dog, a polish, chicago style polish, its not a maxwell street style polish, its a made to order vienna beef polish.
In true chi-town ordering tradition "a polish with everything please".
How's that for 14 bucks!

ok.
But it's a bit too pricey for what you get.

Another food excursion we made due to our Groupon.
Tried the Chinese Chicken Rollup and the Combo Chicken Rollup.
A little on the expensive side, but the food quantities are pretty big, so I guess that evens out.
We ended up sharing one Rollup and saving the other for lunch the next day.
The food was a little on the oily side.
I wish it wasn't so saturated in oil.
The potatoes were pretty oily and underseasoned as well.
I think the chicken is good and fresh, but a little dry and also underseasoned.
Overall, it was ok, but since their hours are so limited, the food is a little bland and it's not particularly close to me, I probably won't be back too often.

Definitely a small Vegas gem.
I've eaten at Sonios for years!
The food is very good and consistant!
Never had a bad meal.
The BEST thing about this place is the staff.
They are FAST, very friendly... treat you like youre family, and after going a few times they even remember your name and what you like to drink!
You can get good food at a lot of places at Sonios - but good food combined with their wacky family makes you feel like you're a part of this place!
(Chicken ceasar salad and the combo wrap are my favorites!

Just a quick review for now.
Today was my first time eating at Sonio's but I have heard goo dthings about this place.
I almost didn't have lunch today as it was so hot out that I didn't want to leave my office, but around 1:00PM I finally decided to go out.
Although I didn't know where I wanted to go I drove around first until I ended up on Valley View.
I was going to go to the food court at the Meadows mall until I remembered that Sonio's was just around the corner so I went right instead of left.
I walked in and it wasn't busy...but oddly the parking lot appeared to be packed with cars.
I was greeted by a very nice lady who directed me to the counter for to go orders as I initially wanted my food for take out.
I got to the cashier, and never seeing the menu, the first thing that caught my eye was the fire dog and fries combo so I just ordered that for quickness.
I ended up eating it there because once again I got lazy and figured by the time I get back to my office the hot dog and fries will be soggy.
So I sat at one of the tables in the corner when my order shortly arrived.
It took about 10 minutes so it was pretty quick.
The hot dog was good but a bit on the soggy side (Chicago style with mustard, sport peppers, green relish on a poppy seed bun), the fries were so so (frozen crinkle cut fries) but fried crispy.
Maybe next time I'll try a burrito or a wrap...

We stopped in here on a whim because a bunch of people had recommended it to me.
First off, the service is frickin awesome!
Everyone's askin you if you need anything or if they can help you with something.
The menu is a little smattering of everything.
There's some Greek food, some Mexican, with Chicago style hot dogs and deli sandwiches.
I was thisclose to trying the Mexican food, but then I ordered the Firedog with fries.
SUPER YUMMY!
It totally hit the spot.
My buddies said their beef sandwiches were pretty legit too.
Stop in here for some good food and AMAZING service.
Oh this place tends to get packed at kunchtime, so try to swing in early!

I saw a coworker eating from this place and it looked good so I tried to make an order for delivery.
I was told on the phone they don't deliver past 3 (it was 3:08)...strike one.
Two days later, I called for a delivery order again and they told me their delivery person wasnt there that day so they couldnt do deliveries....Strike two.
Called today (two weeks later) and they said they aren't doing deliveries today....Strike three.
Don't bring your brochures to me with Delivery on it and not offer it!!!!!
You're only open til 5 why not just deliver that extra 2 hours!!!!
Anyways, 3 tries  and nothing so you're out.

Very busy place, was packed but still figured out a way to accommodate our party of six.
The owner was actively working the place and told us to call ahead, he will reserve tables for larger groups.
The seating is designed for a party of four.
The food was great and large portions.
I will go back.

Love this place for lunch.
Family run place, staff remembers your name.
Great value.
They make their own dressings and Giardiniera.
Try the Italian beef sandwich or rotisserie chicken.

The staff here is absolutely fantastic, they're nice.
and I would have given a much higher rating if the food was better.
I had a hot dog, which is realitvely difficult to mess up on.
Went in around 2:30pm on a friday, wasn't busy.
Neither I nor my friend was very thrilled with the food.

Had my first visit here today.
I will be going back.
It was super busy for lunch and the service was fast and efficient.
The tables are close together, but the food was amazing.
I had the Italian beef it was get the right amount of wet and so flavorful every bite was like a party in my mouth.
And even though they were busy I was in and out in less than an hour.
I was also slightly entertained that the staff communicated with each other by yelling.
The main man in charge was barking out orders to his crew like a drill sergenat.
It wasn't rude, it was endearing.
Everyone was super friendly and very fast.

I had lunch here this afternoon and then ordered the full chicken and two sides to go because he offered a 10% discount with a Yelp check in, but then he changed the price of the full chicken and two sides at the register.
He charged me 23.99 for one chicken and two sides and said that included the 10% discount.
When I got home, I discovered that they didn't include any pita bread, which is advertised as part of the deal.
The two sides were only partially full of pasta salad and rice.
He also rang up the wrong lunch ticket and only pretended to fix it charging me $2.50 more for my lunch than it should have been.
He doesn't print receipts and so I discovered this when I got the email later.
I'll never eat here again.
Watch out!
He's a rip-off artist.

What can I say that is negative about this place.
Every time I walk in the door Yiorgio, Teddy, and Lilly remember me, my wife, and most of my co-workers by name.
I have never been disappointed by anything on the menu.
The quality of the fare and the hospitality have caused me to tell everyone I know about this place.
Every person that stops by becomes a regular customer.

Love the service.
The staff checks on you to insure you are happy with your food.
I usually have the italiano beef sandwich and fries.
I did try the stuffed green pepper lunch special once, and it was very good.
The food here  has never disappointed.
As for the Beef sandwich, it's just the right amount of wet and the sweet peppers are tasty.
The fries are nothing special, but they are fresh and hot.
I do recommend getting the fries on a separate plate to keep them crisp otherwise the sandwich will soggy them out pretty quick.
Overall a nice little spot to eat lunch with daily specials.
And.. oh yeah, the chicken is great also.

Staff here is super friendly.
I love the big salads- especially the Mexican ceasar salad.
Best chicken in town!
It is busy at lunch- so be prepared to wait or get there early.

I have been going to Sonio's for lunch since 2005.
It's amazing, and usually pretty healthy.
The spicy mexican chicken ceasar is the best salad I have had in vegas.
Their enchilada fries are pretty spectacular..........A light layer of nchilada sauce and melted cheese on crispy fries.
Their burritos and 1/2 chicken specials are great as well.
We need to keep places like this alive, unless you like an applebees on every corner.

I cant believe this place has been here for so long and I never knew about it!
Perfect Mom N Pop shop located in an aged part of Vegas.
Very casual spot with many regulars who frequent ( i would definitely be a regular too if i lived in Vegas) I had the rotisserie 1/2 chicken with rice and hot potatoes as the sides.
Delicious meal with attentive service.
The whole staff seemed to communicate well like family.
Heard the Chicago Style Dogs were pretty tasty too!
I will definitely come back for those.
Filling and Satisfied!

NOT FAMILY FRIENDLY!
This place could have had regular weekly customer, but instead, they blew it.
I take my child to a therapist for medical issues next door there.
Unfortunately, she is an older toddler who is not potty trained and needs changed frequently.
There is no bathroom at the small therapist office.
I thought I would check out the restaurant and use their restroom.
Upon walking in, I was accosted when I asked to use the restroom.
This is something I am not accustomed to.
Very rude.
They said I had to buy something in order to change my small child  in their restroom.
OK, fine, I buy the expensive lunch.
Then I proceed to wait quite awhile to get it, then I notice it has been sitting for some time and the counter person just never picked it up.
I take it home and eat the lasagna and salad.
The salad is very good, the lasagna is average.
Kind of disappointing for the price.
The place was so busy, I had higher hopes.
I complain to my husband about this and he says it is probably because Sonio's is in a bad part of town with street people around.
Now this week, i desperately need a bathroom again.
I plan on buying something,  per their rule.
There is a bad storm outside or else I might try to change her in the parking lot.
As I walk in I am asked about getting a table and say i need to use the restroom first.
This time I am rudely told that the restroom is closed because when they have deliveries, the restroom is closed.
Say what????????????????????
What restaurant is so bent on not letting people use the restroom, especially when they have a kid?
This is so rude and insensitive.
There are no other restaurants except across a busy intersection.
I dont understand why the employees dont show a bit of friendliness or understanding.
Doesnt anyone have kids?
I wont go there again.
They dont seem to care about their customers at all.
My customer service experience was completely negative.

I have been going to Sonio's off and on for many years, mostly for the chicken, which I think is great.
However, the other day I stopped in and looked at the menu.
They had Chicago Italian Beef sandwiches on the menu.
I asked the waitress how it was, and she said it was her favorite, and was a big seller in the restaurant.
So I decided to try it.
I have tried Italian beef at Windy's Beefs and dogs, the Chicago Hot Dog place on Rancho, and south Eastern, all of which have been acceptable if not great.
The Sonio's beef sandwich came, and after the first bit, I almost swooned.
The best beef sandwich I have found outside of Chicago, where I was born and raised.
It was wonderful, just spicy enough, sweet peppers sliced thinly, bread wet (altho I needed at little more au jus).
My only complaint, if there is one, is that the fries were just not crisp enough.
Tasted good, and I ate a lot of them, but I would have preferred them a little crisper.
However, I can't wait to go back for another one!

A business that has been around for a LONNGG time.
I know the owners personally.
Yiorgo, Teddy and Lily all do a great job with this place.
They give great customer service and make you feel right at home.
I have to say the best thing about this place is the chicken.
Sides are made fresh daily and some of the standouts are the spinach feta, Chicken pasta salad, roasted potatoes and spanish rice.
Rotisserie Chicken tastes nothing like anyone else's.
Great Salads, huge portions.
Chinese Chicken Salad and Mexican Caesar Salads are both great options.
The greek salad is also a popular item, but I personally was never a fan of greek dressing, I don't know why but I never was, and they put kalmata olives in it, which I just don't like olives in general.
They make their own dressings.
Also, they are known for their Italian Beefs and Chicago Dogs.
Which both are top notch.
Giardinera is home made, and so is the au-jus.
Bread goes great with the beefs.

I am on the fence about this place.
I am between the 3 and the 4 star.
The food is excellent.
My first trip is had the Mexican Caesar salad with chicken.
The second trip I had the Chinese Chicken Salad with all white meat.
Huge salads served in a 70s wooden bowl.
To go cups, which I actually like because then I can take my drink with me.
While I like the food and had decent enough service, I think my problem lies with the check out.
I don't like not getting a paper receipt.
I don't like not receiving a check at all.
I know it saves the environment, but I think at least you should have a written check with the prices, even if they hand write it in.
My first experience they had lost my check and I had to tell them what we ordered.
The second trip was better.
I do like how they calculate the tip options on the ipad you sign to pay on.
Although 15% of a $12 lunch is less than I usually tip.

Solid, good for you food amongst a very busy street of fast food places.
Quality mom and pop food at reasonable prices.
Huge portions and exceptional customer service.
Very friendly staff!

CAN NOT BELIEVE I HAVEN'T TRIED THIS PLACE UNTIL NOW!!
And today it was on a fluke that we were in the area paying bills.
Yelp said "not open til 11am" and I AM SO HAPPY YELP WAS WRONG!!
I looked across the street to the lit up door sign that said open, next to an open door, next to a sign with specials.
Not to mention by 11am (the said opening time) they had at least 6 tables.
Glad we got here when we did.
Off top I could tell this was a mom and pop, mostly regulars type of joint.
That does not intimidate me one bit.
I more so try to think of, "how will they remember me if they are lucky enough to have me as a regular?
" Let me just tell you, I AM THE LUCKY ONE!
It was our lovely CM Misti's review talking about "salads the size of small babies" that initially got me here.
AND IT'S IN A WOODEN BOWL!?!?
yesssssss!
My love and I got a Mexican Caesar salad to split.
When she brought us EACH out a huge wooden bowl full of salad, I thought there was a mistake.
THIS IS ONE SALAD???
(lights shine down from above while music plays) I hate it when things say "spicy" and then are not.
NOT AN ISSUE HERE!!
Spicy lived up to its name.
We went with the Italian beef and Italian sausage, with sweet and hot peppers, wet, add cheese.
He got fries, I went with the pasta salad as a side.
HOLY WORDS I CAN NOT SAY ON YELP!!!!
Seriously we just got this full off $30.
One of the owners (or family members) even stopped by our table and said "wow for first timers I am impressed, are you from Chicago?
" We told him no, we just know good food, and we will be back!
He realized last minute we were yelpers and said "make sure you write something nice!
" He didn't realize I was already planning and writing my 5 star review since the salad.
They also have mexican food on the menu.
If I go back and like that too, I might just bring a sleeping bag and refuse to leave.

Sonio's is a great lunch spot.
I'm hooked on the Spicy Chicken Caesar with the white meat rotisserie chicken.
Their dressing has a wonderful kick and it's so unique I return again and again.
I have Chicago roots so when I saw that they have Italian Beef and hot giardiniera I had to try it.
This is a well executed sandwich.
The bread is fantastic and they melt the mozzarella just right, but the beef, au jus and giardiniera didn't live up to my favorite Windy City eatery in the valley.
If they were the only game in town, I'd likely favor the sandwich a bit more.
But I'll stick to the salads.
They got a good thing going there!

Went for my first time to Sonio's with my fiance.
She had been there before and recommended we try it.
We went for lunch.
My first impression was it's authentic.
It seemed like a place you grow up going to as a kid.
I ordered the roast beef sandwich and it was delicious!
The meat had been marinated for a while and it tasted like it.
She got the caesar salad with the gyro meat.
The meat was awesome!
Cooked well and the seasoning was amazing.
I definitely recommend this place for some good eats.
My only issue with the restaurant is it seemed a little less refined.
The bowl the salad came in was chipped and our table wobbled quite a bit.
Other than that it was perfect.
I will definitely be back!

I couldn't get seated last week at noon (too crowded), so  returned at 11:30 yesterday when there were plenty of empty tables.
I was enjoying my Greek salad with white meat chicken and the attentive service when they seated at the next table a man with a very large pistol in a holster on his hip.
He did not appear to be in law enforcement.
It made uneasy.
I asked for a to-go box and left.
It would be nice if the restaurant posted a "no guns" sign.

Best Greek Salad with chicken I have ever had!

I just ate the Gyro sandwich combo and let me say it was disgusting!
What an insult to REAL gyros!
I had no other option but to eat it so I didn't starve but do NOT get this dish!!
The gyro wasn't authentic at all!
Instead of the lamb being shaved (which is the correct way) they must have cooked it on a grill and cut it up.
NEVER DO THAT!!!
Then the cucumber sauce to go with it was the worst I have ever had!
First it had this weird color to it then they added weird spices so it didn't taste right.
The only thing they got right about the sauce was that it had some cucumbers in it.
Unfortunately my coworkers had chosen this place to pick up food from and because of this horrible dish I will never order anything from here again!!
Sadly I had to spend $8.99 for this disgusting food, too!!
DO NOT GO HERE!!!!
Also, one of my coworkers ordered the Baja Burrito and she said it was too spicy and just "ok".
There was nothing special about it and it looked like a big blob.

Pretty legit Chicago food.
Good beefs and Hot dogs.
I wish they we're open later though.
I will say it's a little pricey and it's weird to have a server when you are ordering a beef and fries, but it's still a good spot.
The chicken is good as well.
Worth checking out for lunch!

I come here every week.
Everyone who works at Sonio's gives very kind and fast service!
I love it!
Their lemon Caesar is a must!

The moment we walked in, people greeted us, even from the gentleman behind the counter which is about 40-50 ft from the door.
Nice people!
Service was on.
Refilled waters without asking for more.
The food came out in a timely manner, even though it appeared rather crowded.
The food was fine.
Nothing exceptional but tasty and satisfied our palates.
Looks like they're hip to technology b/c when I paid, he swiped my card on his iPad that was connected and swiveled on his counter.
I left the tip and total on the iPad and signed it electronically.
My receipt was emailed to me.
I like this place.

Great salads!!!
Very big servings!
Amazing food...chicken and salads is all I have had but they are great!

Best wet Italian Beef sandwich and Hot Gardenia I have ever had... Much juicier and with more taste by far then Portillo's.
The Gardenia is truly to die for.
I wish I had a Sonio's in Phoenix.
My wife loved her Mexican chicken caesar salad too.
My only complaint is that I cannot give higher than a five star rating!

Sonio's has the best beef sandwich in Las Vegas hands down.
The way to order it is with everything, including provolone cheese.
The au jus that comes with it is so good it just might be God's tears in a little cup, I've never had better au jus.
I highly recommend bringing a bib or apron because the sandwich juices are dripping the way a true good sandwich does.
The price is a little heavy but definitely worth it.
Service is pretty good, and the guy behind the counter is pretty damn funny.
I go there at least once a week and will keep going back.
I just wish they had a henderson location.

The food is great.
I've honestly never had anything here that wasn't excellent.
The Italian Beef is, in my opinion, about as good as it gets.
Make sure you get both sweet and hot peppers.
You're missing out if you don't.
But beyond the food, the service is the best.
I'm fairly new to a city, and it's really wonderful to go into a place where people are kind every single time.
I went one week, and was having the worst week, wasn't sure how I was ever going to stay in Vegas... and I left Sonio's smiling.
Great homey food.
Even better people.
I would recommend to anyone.

One word, Damn!
If you follow me you'll know I'm a hardcore Chicagoan born and raised(Southside).
Since I moved here in '07 I hunted for the best Chicago joints in the Las Vegas area.
I've been let down time after time and wanted to give up hope.
Thank goodness I didn't give up because I swear angels were singing when I had that first bite.
Chicago style Italian beef, it doesn't get better than Sonio's unless you have a ticket to O'Hare and a CTA card my friends.
This place oozes with hospitality and can make anyone smile the instant they enter the cozy café.
They offer all different kinds of foods like Greek, Mexican, Italian and American.
They specialize in Rotisserie Chicken with Chicago fast food favorites coming in at a close second.
Their Greek fries changed my life, feta and fresh lemon juice with Greek herbs mmmmm.
I love this place.

This review is a long time coming.
If you're from Chicago and are in need to fill the food void, this is the place.
If all the places I've eaten an Italian Beef or here, Sonio's tops the list.
The price is reasonable, especially because it includes fries.
The beef contains a good amount of meat, and is seasoned about the best that I've ever had.
I've also had a few of their salads.
All are good sized and always fresh.
The staff is friendly; Uncle Teddy is always around to ensure you have a great experience.
Sonio's Cafe is a solid local business that deserves plenty of Vegas support, especially from Chicagoans looking for a beef or dog.

This place is all about customer service.
Every time I go in they greet me by name.
They are incredibly friendly as most family run businesses are.
They have a broad menu ranging from fried and greasy Chicago food to healthier, Greek options.
I love this spot and prefer their food to all of the chain restaurants in the area.

This place is amazing!
Not only was the food amazing but the staff went above and beyond my expectations.
They were so attentive and friendly.
They kept ensuring that my drinks were refilled and that I was satisfied.
I walked out of there with a big smile on my face and even said "wow".
Now that is customer service!
I had the chicken enchilada plate and their extra side order of sour cream was the biggest portion I've ever seen.
Overall, I had a wonderful experience here today.
I don't usually write reviews, but I had to commend the staff here.
I will definitely be returning again.

Wow!
It all happened so fast...and I loved it.
It was lunch time, I was greeted at the door, seated and brought my drink withing the first 2 minutes.
Then I ordered, 5 minutes later here comes my lunch.
Roitessorie Chicken with just the right amount of spice and garden salad with their homemade dressing.
It was someones birthday and the whole restaurant sang together.
Imagine, singing with people you don't know.
It was fun, fast service, very good food.
I'll be coming back...for sure!

I went here for the first time last week.
The lemon chicken caesar salad was perfect.
It had a nice touch of lemon not overbearing.
The chicken was quality white meat, the croutons were fresh and the sauce not over powering, crisp lettuce.
They did a great job and a fair price for the amount and quality of the food.
The service was very good as well.
If you are dining in your cup stays full with water or tea or whatever beverage u are drinking.
The staff is attentive and listend carefully when you make requests.
Uncle Teddy and Yio are the owners.
Uncle Teddy is a friendly cool guy from Chicago and he has great stories and a welcoming personality.
His son Yio looks like the day to day manager and he welcomes everyone and knows most of the people by name.
I would say for lunch or an early dinner this is a great local spot to come.
It is family friendly, in an older part of town, adequate parking, outdoor seating.
I will definitely be back their lasagna and rotisserie meats look amazing.

Passed by many times, but finally I made it in.
Glad I did.
Uncle Ted was there, schooling an employee, from the sound of it.
Not harshly,but in a fatherly way.
Then an old friend (evidently) came in and it sounded like I was on the set of "Goodfellas ".
The waitress was friendly and attentive.
I ordered a half chicken with beans and rice.
It was delicious.
The price, around $10, was fair.
When I paid for my meal, I asked if they had plans to offer gluten free bread ( no gluten for me) and the gentleman told me they had thought about it but price and quality was an issue - he informed me that ANY sandwich could be had SANS bread.
There's my solution.
Easy squeezy.
So, the chicken and sides were great, the price fair, and the overall experience was pleasant.
Plenty of seating, inside and out.
I'd definitely go back,  the menu offers many choices.
4 stars.

This place RULES!!
Family owned and operated by some amazing people!
The rotisserie chicken is my fave, but everything is great, authentic and you better get there early if you want a spot.

Staff is really friendly.
The restaurant is a little cluttered, but if you can look pass that you can enjoy some pretty good chicken.
Tried the 1/4 chicken (all white) with side salad (delicious home made Italian dressing) and a side chicken pasta salad (a little too much mayo.
) Id go back.

Wow I can't believe I've never written a review for this place!
Been coming here for years ever since I moved to Vegas and my co-workers took me here on my first day.
Sonio's serves a variety of foods including rotissierie chicken, salads in ginormous bowls, 2 lb burritos and Chicago style Italian beef and sausage.
Uncle Teddy, the owner, is originally from Chicago and if you're lucky he'll stop by your table to chat.
They are only open from 11 am to 5:30 pm on weekdays mainly to serve the downtown business lunch crowd, and the staff here seems to remember all their regulars which is impressive.
It can get busy here during the 11 am to 1 pm lunch hours but they move quick and there's never too long a wait before a table clears up.
I typically like to get the Chinese chicken salad, Chicago style hot dogs, Italian sausage or a combo sandwich.
The Chinese chicken salad comes w/ the shredded rotissierie chicken that they roast daily, mandarin oranges and a light vinagrette dressing among other things and is overall a refreshing and filling salad especially with the portions they give here.
Their Chicago style foods like the Italian beef/sausage/combo sandwich tastes even better with a side of giardiniera or G as they call it here, although it does cost a little extra.
They sometimes will have a special item that they made just for that day which is nice if you want something different.
Some of the specials I've seen are lasagna or meatball subs.
I've recommended this place to several friends who are not Yelpers but all of them now love this place.
It's conveniently located if you work in the area and serve up great food that is made to order and comes out fast and fresh.

Three and a half stars, rounding up for good service.
Drove past this place repeatedly, but when I wanted to give them a try they were closed: only open M-Thurs til 5:30PM, and on Fridays til 4PM.
Limited hours unless you work nearby.
Interior reminds me of an old school mexican restaurant.
Stopped by for an early dinner, love that they have a menu of 3PM-close specials.
Ordered the lunch portion of salad with chicken (spicy mexican caesar) and the chicago beef (hot and sweet peppers), upgrade fries to Greek style.
Used Yelp check-in discount for 10% off, total was under $15 including tip.
Not bad for two meals!
Cashier was genuinely friendly, packed up order perfectly, and wished me a good day on my way out the door- unusual to see someone so perky so close to close after a long day of working that type of position!
Salad was fresh and delish- packed in an ingenious way, with ingredients in a ziplock to add your dressing (packed separately) and toss, then serve in your to-go box.
So smart!
Downside is that they gave me the wrong dressing (regular caesar instead of spicy) and I found a few small bones, but it was still damn delicious.
Just wish I had some hard boiled eggs at home to add in.
The chicago beef?
It was so good, I barely got a bite before my BF made it disappear in under 5 minutes.
You know it's good when that happens!
The au jus is one of the best I've had, the bread was clearly fresh, and the meat was moist and plentiful.
Peppers were tasty, too!
It's so close by and so well-priced with the specials, that I know I'll be coming back for another salad soon.
And yes, probably a chicago beef for my guy.

First time at this place.
First thing I noticed was their amazing hospitality.
The food was great and the waitress was very helpful with suggestions.
The owners were soo friendly, must be that Midwestern hospitality.
This is a must.

Great service, friendly people and delicious food.
Definitely a must try.
This is coming from a Greek girl too ;p

