Calling this cab company is like shooting dice.
You hope for the best but you don't always get what you want.
My husband and I are a single car family so I often rely on this cab company to get me where I need to go.
There are often times when I have no problem calling and getting a cab when I need one.
However, there have been a few times where they neither show up or call to say they are not showing up.
Like today for example.
I call and they say no problem they have one in the area they would be there right away.
After waiting for twenty minutes in the cold my goosebumps persuade me to wait in the vestibule for another ten minutes.
I finally call back to say just forget it and the dispatcher yells at me that I wasn't there.
I know where I was, I know where I told them I was and I know how long I waited, so unlike me I yell back.
Hindsight that probably wasn't the nicest thing for me to do, but I was upset.
I guess they aren't too bad if you find one of these at a cab stand, Most of the cars I have been in are old and poorly taken care of, but they do take cards.
Most of the drivers are friendly and at times when I don't feel like talking, they get it.
If you need a cab I recommend making A cab your second call.

Stole my iPhone 4!!!!!!!!
I left my phone in a cab and realized it about 45 secs later.
After a million calls and texts, cab driver didn't respond or turn it in, prob sold it on the black market...I know I left in there because I set it down after he wanted to read both my palms.... Shady cab driver named Tony , young guy who wears glasses, he said he likes to gamble at the Orleans so prob a degenerate gambler who is in debt.....

This cab company serves Summerlin, and a neighbor told me to give them a try for my trip downtown.
I liked that that they were so familiar with the area that they got to me easily and relatively quickly.
The driver was a Cuban guy, very friendly and fun to talk to about his views of Las Vegas.
I'll use them again.

Attending a conference in Las Vegas today  we accidentially left a bag filled with equipment to one of their cabs.
The driver and the company went through enormous effort get us the bag pack.
We could not be happier about the service and integrity they showed today.

I'm  A Cab coustemer for more than 1 year.
Ordering a cab few times in a week.
The service I expierenced is awfull.
November 5, 2013 at 11:16 I called for a cab.
I got a phone call at 11:27 that cab is by the pool in my complex (not by my building ???).
When I went outside looking for a cab I didn't find one.
Dispatcher told me "it's coming".
I'm waiting and waiting....
I call back at 11:37 and dispatcher replied we r sending another one.
What happened to the one at the pool?
Which I was waiting and than looking for????
Really??
I'm a regular coustemer and waiting for another cab till 12:05????
So basically I was walking around complex from 11:37 till 12:05.!!!!!
I thought if I'm ordering cab OFTEN I might have better service and I can count on company.
Today it cost me A hour Out of my paycheck.
\'ll find dif company who respect there regular costumes which spend a lot of money , tips every week for service .

BEWARE********* PLEASE DONT USE!
We made an online reservation and got an online confirmation after the game on Super Bowl Sunday from N. Vegas to the strip.
Quoted 60 min., called 15 min.
after the hour passed to inquire where our cab was.
Things Ive learned:  1.
The confirmation received when booking via internet evidently means nothing.
So why have it I ask??
The staff doesn't care if youre stranded, even if their company confirmed a ride home.
They don't care so much that they will hang up on you after asking for her name when she evidently went to her safe place and keeps repeating: the supervisor is on break  the supervisor is on break  the supervisor is on break Ok, I'll call back, whats your name, you've been so helpful...click.
line dead.
I'm thinking its someone's own car out of their own house?
definitely not a company...
Call your hotels concierge, probably get better results.

