This is a corporate store so it's huge but also a lot of people going here so the wait can be excruciating.
1 thing that freaked me out initially was that they have their own security guard right outside their door.
It's not even considered to be in a bad area so they must've had some probs.
Everything depends on the rep that you get.
C'est la vie.

I had problems with my phone draining my battery too fast so I decided to call up this T- Mobile store for some advice.
I talked to a helpful rep on the phone I think his name was Gil who offered to change out my Sim card for free.
He thought that may be the problem because my card was so old.
I went over there and got the new sim card and he transferred all of my contacts into the new one.
It was up and working again and now I 'm happy to say my battery is no longer draining fast!

The staff was nice but they lack a little.They dont seem to know their phones as well as they hope us to believe.
For example I was told that the phone I bought had 16gb, but I found out later after I bought it 8gb.
This is bad because the phone I bought has no sd port!!
I feel very misled.
The staff really are nice but, they should study up a bit more on what there selling

Yelp 100 Challenge * 29/100  Speedy service.
Papa and I went here earlier yesterday to get him a prepaid sim card for his new phone.
If memory serves me right, we were done in less than 10 minutes and left with the clearest instructions about how to do refills and upgrades.
Great location, just off Cimarron and Sahara near Family Music.

I like when stores are in large plazas with plenty of parking.
This is one of those plazas with mid-priced stores like Stein Mart.
The lot is semi-well lit.
It's going on 7pm and the place is almost empty on a Friday night.
We just had a question about a feature on my partners Galaxy phone and they were friendly.
We ended up being told we should come back the following day because they weren't sure if this would extend after closing time.
I appreciated the honesty (a guy at a competitor store once pretended to work on my phone instead of  admitting if he started the work now he might have to stay late).

Just joined T-mobile, switching from AT&T.
I felt I was treated really well from the staff.
Krista and Will helped me get all my lines and phones set up.
This is definitely the location u wanna go to for great customer service.
They're a awesome!

