The BF and I come here for all the oil changes, power steering fluid, light, etc.
for his car.
Beats going to the stealership and coming back with a sabotaged car.
The guys who work here are always polite, friendly and very friendly.
They normally let us know when there's discounts and offer it since we come in so often.
Normally there is no wait or a car or two ahead.
Usually can be out of there within 30 minutes so it's also a pretty painless wait.

If you just want an oil change ok but don't let them do anything else.
They changed the belts in my Infiniti with the cheapest crap belts you've ever seen!
Hecho en mexico!
They squeeked everytime I started the car.
Do yourself a favor and buy good belts.
Also many of their crew appears to be teenagers who don't give a crap.
Just my personal opinion but hey you rely on your car am I right?
While I was looking at the new belts I noticed my air filter was literally crammed full of dirt I had wondered about my loss of power lately.
When I pulled it out I realized it was a dealership air filter!
The last time the dealer changed my air filter was about 4 years ago!!!
I've had terribles change it several times(at least I've paid for it) so check to make sure they actually changed it.
That goes back to the lazy teenager bit I sad before.

The gas pumps are clean and there was no line at the car wash on a Sunday.
There is a nice leather sofa and football on.

Went to get the jeep cleaned, in and out in less then 30 minuites.
Clean inside and out

Close and convenient.
Never used the car wash but the staff is really good and the place is usually clean.
A little over priced on some items.

Reasonable price.
Car wash service is what you expect; clean inside & clean outside.
It's not an auto detailing place but it does the job.

First time thru car wash - usually go to Fab Freddie's for the gas discount.
Come to find out terrible's has the same .20 cents off a gallon when you purchase the $19.00 car wash.  Fred's is &19.99 for the same service.
I'd come back here if I am in the area needing a wash.
The only difference is they don't have a free point card to get money off purchases like Fabulous Freddie's does.
So I'd probably remain a regular over at Fab Fred's.

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(140/365) "Gas N Go"  I'm a Chevron fan, and this is my go-to station because it is close to me.
Haven't used their service station or full service car wash yet, but the convenience store comes in handy when I need to grab a drink while filling up, and the service is always pleasant.
Oh, free air when you fill up too.
Very close to the 95, so if you're running on empty, this is a good place to fill 'er up.
ALOHA!!!
Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4

