We enrolled my son here for the preschool program with the hope to have him learn with some structure to his classroom and expose him to social interaction with his peers.
He attended this "school" for the entire  year only so that we did not disrupt his experience.
We are so glad to not be returning.
The teachers at the school are caring and sweet, but I think the teacher-student ratio is too high for what I am paying for this place.
They are not able to give each child adequate attention for this young age.
Also, the front desk is extremely unfriendly and one woman in particular has a very sour attitude all the time.
My biggest complaint is they are inconsistent with discipline.
If my child has a tantrum (common at this age), they are quick to call us to pick him up and do not credit you for the day.
However, there is a child in class who has bitten other children several times and the only thing the school does is call both parents ( the biter child and the bitten child) to "document" it for their records.
I find this unacceptable!
If this is repeated behavior for this bully child and the parents cannot curtail their kid, the child should be expelled or suspended.
The school has done very little other than covering their own butt.
My child is not having a good experience at your school if he is being bitten every other time he attends class.
While I understand kids will be kids, the school cannot be so passive.
This is a private school and one child should not be habitually jeopardizing the safety of the others.
In addition, their program advertises a structured curriculum, but I did not feel they stuck to this well.
My son does not even start and end in the same classroom with the same kids each day, nor does he have the same teacher for the day.
They switch off based on their own schedules.
How does this create structure for a child?
They claim they will encourage a potty training environment, but I saw no evidence of this all year.
In summary, we tried to be patient and to talk to the director about our concerns, but in the end our experience was very disappointing.
I definitely do not classify this as a school, more like an overpriced daycare.
Would not recommend this place to anyone, unless you are okay gambling with your child's safety and well-being.

I am very pleased with this creative kids location on farm road!
We shopped around at quite a few places near us and they were by far the best price and comfort wise!
Our daughter has been enrolled for 3-4 months and she has grown so much.
She now has full sentences when going in she barely had a handful of words you could understand...it's amazing!!
The front desk staff is always sweet and does as much as they can to help with whatever you need...we(my husband and I) love miss holly...she is so caring to our daughter and all the ladies are quick to comfort the kids if they are upset when being dropped off!
Overall this daycare is wonderful!
:-)

