A smog check every year?
Besides someone talking in a movie theatre that has got to be the most annoying thing ever!
I'm all about a clean smog-free environment, but every year?
Like my car is really gonna smog it up in one year.
Anyway, I love how I see smog check stations all the time when I don't need a smog check, but when I need to get one, where are they?
I've gone to this Jiffy Lube on a regular basis for my oil changes but never knew they did smog checks.
I drove by on my way to get a haircut and saw the new sign for smog.
I pulled in, they showed me to the lobby, and were done in about 5 minutes.
They are quick, polite, and they have the Weekly in their lobby to read.
The smog check was $20 and an oil change runs about the same.
They have a Jiffy card that gives you discounts along with Manager's Specials they run once in a while.
Very convenient.

Everyone was super helpful.
Good prices.
Didn't try to push me too hard on adding things I didn't need.
Very happy with the service.

Quick nice and professional .

Friendly staff - too bad they put a hole in the dash of my daughters car and tried to tell me it was already there.
Shame on you, an apology would have been accepted but now you are getting a bad review.

I would give a better review for the oil change alone, but we noticed after driving away that the dashboard-which had only a crack in it-now has a gaping hole!
My mother called to complain, and, stereotypically, the manager claims it was already there!!
Would yelp please make it possible to give a 0-star review, or a warning flag for untrustworthy businesses managed by total JERKS?
The 'nice and professional' comment for this place is making me laugh... for it's anything but that.

Called to see if they could replace the air filter in my car, gave them the info for my car and they told me that they could do it.
Well, when I get there they had to look up what kind of filter it needed and then took 10 minutes trying to find it.
They then quoted a price.
I looked at the filter and immediately knew it was the wrong one.
I told them as much, and they looked at me dumbfounded and asked what I meant.
So I opened the hood and showed them, they told me they had never seen that kind of filter setup.
Then told me it had to be aftermarket and only the dealership would be able to do it.
My car is factory standard everything.
No bells, no whistles.
Turned out they were looking at the wrong engine type when they looked it up.
I thought that these guys were mechanics... Kinda shocking that they don't know their way around a car.

Very disappointed in the service I received at the Jiffy Lube on Marks St. in Henderson, NV.
They left three large interior grease stains in my vehicle, two on the seat and one on the arm rest.
They tried rubbing it out but just made it worse.
Finally they sent one of the guys to Walmart to pick up a specialty product which helped but not entirely.
The assitant manager offered a full refund, but the manager overruled him and said he had to charge me for the air filter.
After some back and forth, he credited back the entire amount but with a bad attitude.
I won't be going back under any circumstances.

First, let me start by stating I did not service my vehicle here.
Now, let me explain why.
The Asst manager attempted right out of the gate to talk me into an oil change that would have come to over 80 dollars.
Then, I suppose the look I gave him, convinced him to sweeten the deal by offering a 14 dollar discount.
66 dollars, oh my, what a great guy.
Meanwhile the tech comes In for my keys.
I explain my angst over his boss treating me like some idiot and ask why their basic oil change is forty bucks.
He agreed it was a bit steep and empathized with me.
While we are a chatting, his boss pops his head in the door telling him to hurry up and get my car in the bay.
It was at that point I let him know they were charging way too much and I would be going elsewhere to get my oil changed.
The only pleasant part of the experience was my short chat with the tech who was honest about the overpriced oil change!
Women, men and aliens from other worlds beware!
I'm really confused why so many Jiffy Lubes are in the top ten at Yelp.

Been using them for smog for several years now.
Always in and out.
Friendly staff always takes care of me.
Will be back thanks again.

I've been coming here for years and have never had a problem.
I recently had an oil change by another Jiffy Lube in Minnesota to which I was assured everything was set for my road trip back to Las Vegas.
To renew my vehicle registration I needed a smog check.
I went to a local business to have them complete this to which I was informed that the oil level was not even registering on the dipstick.
After a 1,500 mile trip I expected the oil to be low but not dry.
I went to this Jiffy Lube for some answers (and redemption on their part).
I was greeted promptly by a friendly technician and asked for a manager.
He asked if he could help and I told him the story.
The Asst.
Manager Eddie spoke with me in a timely manner and listened as I told my frustration.
His customer service was phenomenal with his aim at making the customer happy.
When everything was almost complete he showed the levels of all the fluids (as requested) and was friendly throughout the whole process.
Even though I have moved across town, I will be making a special trip to this specific Jiffy Lube because of the service.

I went in to get an oil change and they sold me on radiator services as well.
The very next day, my car started seizing coming out of stop lights and signs.
I returned to JL and stated what was happening after my visit.
The assistant manager was rude and told me that the car seizing had nothing to do with what they had done.
Upon further inspection, they noticed the radiator was bone dry.
They were the ones who flushed the radiator only 5 days before.
So, they forgot to replace the radiator fluid.
Sure enough, I have not experienced the car seizing since.
I will not go here again......that is after I speak with a manager.

I go to plenty of Jiffy lubes in the valley being I own a couple cars.
I chose not to go to this location being they are not very freindly AT ALL, when I visited this location for the first time it immediately became my last.

This location everyone is very nice and helpful.
I had taken my car to tireworks and they said I needed head gaskets for $2501.
These guys at jiffy lube took me under car and said oil plug was wrong size and corrected the problem.
These guys here are nice and honest

I took my car to the dealership where they gave me a ridiculous quote for an oil change.
I immediately went to Jiffy Lube where I was greeted by a new serviceman and escorted inside.
I asked the front desk technician about pricing and the wait time, as there were several customers ahead of me.
The front desk personnel was very knowledgable and took care of each customer promptly.
I met with Hank, who looked over my vehicle.
Hank was very helpful, friendly and knowledgable about the services offered and what I needed.
I can say my experience today was great.
I walked away saying I will definitely come back in the future for service on my vehicle.
Thanks.

Just got my oil change today and the staff there was amazing!
Gina got me in right away and I left within 10 minutes!
they did an awesome job and the service was wonderful!
very knowledgeable and super friendly!
I will absolutely be going back there!

I took my car in today for a basic oil change.
They got me in right away and I was ready to go in about 10 minutes.
The service was excellent and I would highly recommend bringing your car here for great service.

Robin & Gina were very fiendly and helpful.
Had to get my vehicle smogged and all went well.
Good place and friendly service.

I can't say enough nice things about the crew at This Jiffy Lube in Henderson on marks street.
When i got home last night from work, my truck was pissing oil allover my garage floor, long story short i got it over to Jiffy where they change my oil thinking, maybe they forgot to tighten it a few weeks back or something.
They were able to point me in the direction of the problem.
After finding the right part.
The entire team dropped everything to help me fix the problem, then filled my truck with new oil "of course i tipped them before i left"!!
So thankful!!!!
Special thanks to The beautiful woman "Robin" who was major helpful!!!!!
I highly recommend this jiffy Lube to ANYONE!!!
These guys are awesome and have my business forever!!!!
I posted this on my facebook page as well!!!

