I went this Wells Fargo to update my married name on my bank card and complete a couple other things.
This is a typical Wells Fargo, as far as setting and appearance.
I just happened to be welcomed by one of their staff members Alex.
After I told him why I was there, he told me he had just gotten engaged a week prior.
We had a really nice chat about getting engaged, married, how we met our significant others, etc.
He was a very personable banker.
As far as actually helping me with what I needed, he was thorough and called when he had a question on something I needed handled.
This bank isn't the closest to my house but I would go back here for my banking needs.
Everyone at the bank seemed to know what they were doing and seemed just as helpful as Alex.

This place is always busy, but never had a bad or great experience.
Convenient for students.

We come here almost everyday for our business service.
The place is usually very busy during week days.
But we have never had any problem w their customer service.
The managers, all the staffs are very friendly n helpful.
They always make us  feel  great and they take care of us very well  every time we visit.
I love Hillary.
She is super kind, informative and professional.

This location is next door to the Einsteins near UNLV.
I really like it at this branch, better service experience here than at any other locations I go to.
Staff are friendly, efficient and helpful which is exactly what you need at a bank - after all, they're handling YOUR MONEY!
I tend to hold off going to the bank if I'm in my side of town until a day I'm over near this location because I know I will be in and out quickly having been provided good service.

I came in a few weeks ago to cash a check but didn't have an account with them.
They signed me up for a free account that didn't take long at all.
The best thing about this place is the workers.
They were slammed busy, with people coming in from the rain.
It was closer to closing time & honestly I felt like I had walk into a party.
The worker were all in a great mood.
They were joking around with customers and because the atmosphere was so awesome I felt chipper as well.
by the time I was done setting up my account I felt like I had made 5 new friends that I would love to hang out with.
Best time I've ever had walking into a bank.
THIS PLACE ROCKS!!

