Came here once i found out I was pregnant.
Two of my friends had gone to Dr. Hartman and both said he was exceptional.
Lets just say they must know since both have multiple kids.
Walking in, the receptionist was very kind an explained all the paper work she handed me.
I believe she could tell I was nervous.
She had a motherly and calming appeal to her that was soothing.
We hardly waited.
Ten minutes later Dr Hartman was walking to our room, examining me, did an ultra sound and spent a good 15 to 20 minutes answering all of our questions and preparing me for the next couple months.
He was very kind, informative.
He explained his back ground and that basically sealed the deal.
When we left, we knew we had found the perfect Dr for us.
Over the course of the next few months, if I ever had an questions I could always call and they would have a nurse ask him or she would answer them herself.
Other times I came down with a sickness and he would take a same day apt to make sure that I was okay and got better.
Also, I had horrible morning sickness so he prescribed some pills that would take away some of it so that i was able to get food down.
(I had morning sickness all 9 months, FML)   Continuing to come for appointments I began to know the staff more as family.
The nurses, Brynn & Tiffany we're so caring and we would all joke around and make the day light.
"Brynn can i take my clothes off too so that i weigh less?!
Theres no way i've gained 15 pounds in 3 months!!
" Lol, or when I saw them I would ask how their holidays went or how they were doing.
Its nice to know that the people who are looking out for your welfare and the welfare of your child are so warm and fuzzy with you.
Coming in, I would even notice when one of them dyed their hair or lost weight.
"Tiff, I see im gaining the weight, your losing!
" They even were sad when i told them that the doctor decided to induce me so i wouldn't be seeing them the next week.
Dr. Hartman calmed me through all of my worries.
He always gave extremely informative information and made the best decisions for me and my family.
He thought the baby was going to come on the 25th, so we decided inducing was the best decision.
He had me come to the hospital at 330pm and thought I wouldn't have the baby til the next day... well sadly (for him) he had to leave home at 1130pm (in the rain) and come deliver.
It literally took only 5 pushes and she was out.
he told me he couldn't believe how easy it was.
If you pregnant, trying to get pregnant, or pregnant and wanting to know your options (yes, an abortion or adoption) go see him.
He has an excellent staff and he is the best doctor I've ever worked with.
I consider them as family and they are (honestly) the only reason why I would have another.
They made the process a whole lot less confusing and worry free.
Thank you!

I love Dr. Hartman and the staff.
I have been a patient of his since 2005 and have had nothing but positive experiences.
I know the entire staff by name and always joke around with them.
If I call and say who I am they always know me and are quick to fit me in as soon as possible.
Dr. Hartman delievered my son in 2006 and my medical care while pregnant was exceptional.
My deliever turned into a c-section and he did an excellent job.
He has exceptional bed side manner and I joke around with him all the time and he jokes back.
He is thourough and answers my questions even if they are silly.
He performed a hysterectomy on me April 23 and it was the best thing I have done.
I have complete trust in him on all levels.
If you need an exceptional OB/GYN go see him.

the staff yedra was so rude on the phone while I was trying to schedule she would not give me more than one date to pick when I asked for another day she raised her voice in a rude tone and actually hung up on me when I called back and asked to speak with the supervisor he denied it saying his staff does a good job and automatically gave me a hard time and ended up being just as rude.I was excited and recommended to see Dr. Deb, I can't believe the costumer service its a disgrace doctor offices are suppose to help people.

