Just had my first appointment with Ambush.
Not only did Aaron do a thorough spraying inside and out, he took the time to get rid of all the cobwebs around the house, and gave me advice on how to trim my trees in order to avoid scorpion, spider and other bug-related problems.
Overall very knowledgeable & affordable.
Customer service that went above and beyond this picky customer.
Highly recommend.

I have had ambush pest control for several years and always been satisfied;  Last night I came home from work and had an ant infestation in my garage and front yard.
I called and left a message for someone to contact me and by 7.30 a.m. today I received a call that someone would be there in 1/2 hour.
He arrived within 15 minutes and took care of the problem.
NOW THAT IS GREAT SERVICE.
Thank you.

I was stood up by another pest control company today so I called City of Henderson and was referred to another couple of businesses for Bee removal.
I called Ambush.
They had someone out within 2 hours to look at the bee problem.
I had thousands of bees coming out of a little hole on the side of the garage.
The man that came out advised they could have a tech out by within 2 hours.
The tech was out earlier than expected.
The tech Dean Rodgers was great.
He was very knowledgeable of Bees and answered all  my questions.
He was safe in how he got the bees(he wore a bee suit, thank goodness) and explained my options on bee removal.
We decided to take the concervative approach and smoke, gas out the bees instead of removing the entire inside wall.
He checked the inside of the wall a couple feet up on the inside by removing some electrical hardware.
I was amazed the bees were so far up the wall.
These are African Bees and not honey bees so my main concern was getting rid of them by killing them, not necessarily removing their hive.
Once he smoked the bees, they used a silicone type material to fill the hole.
Im hoping that this solved our problem.
He explained the bees could be around for up to a week as the scout bees could come back.
Dean provided his business card.
He was so friendly and I really trusted his knowledge.
Overall, what could have been an extremely stressful situation was taken care of with grace by Dean.
I really hope to have no follow up issues, but if I do I know I can call this company and the issue will be taken care of.
Great job.

