This store is the best!
I sold quite a bit of my gold there some time ago and they definitely gave me the best price...more than double offered by other establishments.
They are friendly and courteous and not only would I go back there, but I recommend them to others all of the time!

I love Ted at Lynn's World.
If you are there once, you are a forever friend.
I sold a bunch of jewelry to Lynn's World earlier in the summer, and I know that I got the best price possible.
My parents have bought furniture from him in the past and it seems that the selection here is the best for high-quality resale furniture.
They stock a lot of antiques and antique jewelry as well.
I love old things, so this place is top-notch for me.
I would recommend Lynn's World to anyone for furniture or jewelry/gold resale.
Ted runs a really good family-style business.
Instead of do-it-yourself particle board furniture from Target, check out Lynn's World to see if they have what you need with a little more character.

The store has a great selection of furniture.
I bought a large rustic armoire from them for a great price.
The staff is very friendly.
Here's the icing on the cake: The delivery!
The final piece of the transaction...where Lynn's World left its final impression on me.
I have honestly never had a better experience with delivery.
I received a call the day before my delivery, giving me a nice and short delivery window.
The next day they called again to confirm that they were 15 minutes away.
The 2 man crew showed up with a great attitude and were very friendly.
The guys were extremely cautious while getting the large piece of furniture into the house and equally cautious while bringing it to its destination in the house.
They took the time to make sure the furniture, and house, remained undamaged and they did so in a very efficient manner.
These guys were awesome!
Lynn's World got this right from start to finish and that is extremely rare these days.
They have left a great lasting impression.

What a GREAT experience.
Prices were reasonable and the customer service I received from Ted and his staff was exceptional....

