i reviewed Rhodes Ranch instead because I noticed that this place didn't have any reviews but here it is again anyways just in case.
My friend's family has a vacation home here and we got to go to their recreation center on Saturday afternoon.
It wasn't as crowded even for a 4th of July weekend.
You can bring up to 4 people into the recreation center for only $5 per person per day.
Not bad.
The recreation center has a pool and water slides.
It's like your own mini water park there.
Lots of tables, chairs and shade area.
Really big pool.
I was very impressed.
They also have indoor basketball courts, badminton, Tennis courts, weight room, Pool Hall and workout rooms.
It was really nice.
Also the area is beautiful.
Very green and well kept.
For pictures of the water park, here it is: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-mWzJI5FoqcUYAA-FV_cag?select=uvTmRKQa-zeSvtejZ-Pw2g http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-mWzJI5FoqcUYAA-FV_cag?select=bnZsw9H1BNNie0w7MCAmnQ

One of the perks of living here is that we have a great Recreation Center called the R Club.
The R Club has numerous amenities from a resort style pool, water slide park, lap pool, outdoor basketball, tennis and beach volleyball.
Inside there is a decent gym with lots of cardio equipment, free weights, and cross training machines.
There is also an indoor basketball court and racquetball court.
For residents, all of this is free of charge and as the other review stated, for guests, its a nominal $5 fee.
For such a large community, I'm actually surprised that more residents/guests don't use the Rec Center, but I guess it's a good thing so it's not crowded all the time.

Quiet - 2 mile walk around the golf course all manicured lawns, flowers, etc..
The club house is great and included - best place in Vegas area to live.

You have to live here to enjoy these amenities...so if you live in Las Vegas you should look into moving to this community.
8 water slides and an elegant community pool with palm trees all over the place.
An Olympic style swimming pool which is great for swimming laps and inside the rec center there's a yoga room, weight room, full size indoor basketball court, racquetball courts, sauna, ping pong and pool room, piano room...should I keep going?
A great place to go if you live in Rhodes Ranch or if you know someone who lives here, each household is allowed up to 4 guests per day.

Home owners are free to use the facility.
It's very clean compare to LVAC.
The rec center include full basketball court, outdoor swimming pool, water slide for the kids, pool table, cardio section, weight train section, kitchen for you to rent out, lobby is huge for family and friends to hang out, even a library.
I really think they did a fantastic job.
HOA is not even high compare to other place.
I am a Happy Home owner :)

Good place for having fun, just dislike how it's not 24 hours.

Got to play volleyball here due to a co-worker living here.
I have to say that the nets are a bit low, and the sand cuts your feet like something else.
It's like if someone put concrete in for basketball courts indoors.
They have two courts, but it's not really fenced in correctly and it's very much like other rec centers where volleyball courts were an after thought when it comes to how they designed the rest of the landscaping (for example, you don't set up courts with low fences and zeroscapes when people are barefoot).
However, the rest of the facilities were very nice and the drive in definitely shows how Rhodes Ranch is a fantastic neighborhood to live in.
The entire community is under surveillance, and guarded, which is pretty cool.

I love the recreation center at Rhodes Ranch.
When you arrive it looks like a hotel!
The plants, the floor, the furniture, basically the interior is really nice.
If you do not live in Rhodes Ranch then you have to be brought in by someone that does.
They sign you in and you have to pay $5 to get in.
Inside of the recreation center there's a gym, dance room, basketball court, racket ball rooms, game room, kitchen, basically everything.
I love the gym the most.
There are a variety of machines, weights, and balls to choose from.
There is also air conditioning, two tv's, and mirrors.
The game hall is also nice.
You can play pool and ping pong.
There is also a water park that's a part of the recreation center.
I honestly think it's better than Wet N Wild to be honest.
Very kid friendly and it gets you wet for sure!

