years ago when the vegas market was hot, finding a good property management company was tough..this was the only company that could  even supply a few references...i should have known it was medicore at best when the gal with the property mgmt papers was suppost to meet me at the house, but instead she's waiting at the office despite my reconfirming to meet at the house a day earlier..  how did i reach a 1 star review, because i've always had to chase them down for answers to simple request.
follow up is unheard of most of the time...example-if the handy person is going over for a repair, get some feedback from him on how the house is maintained?
response=zero, they've  gone thru 3 people that were my direct contacts but noyone seems to have transitioned properly on important matters like, how about getting the tenant to sign a new contract  for a year, especially if the contracts has been expired for a while...  my current tenant told me that they didn't even take down her contact info when she was interested in renting..she followed up, something that she doesn't normally do when renting...her persistance is what landed me a tenant....  totally not happy...........

good help is hard to find so dealing directly with the owners have been a much better experience.
things are getting done.
they got rid of some so so help, made some adjustments and are running like a professional company...   fair warning to all prospective renters do read your contract very carefullyt, especially regarding late fees collected when tenant is late..my late fees all went to my prop mgr...i'm like who is really out of pocket here...i didn't mind paying any prop mgmt fees but to take my late fees without sharing....WOW..

The owner of this business is a child with the attitude of a theif.
She swears in her office while customers are around and needs to be silenced by a bell that her customer service rep rings in the front office.
The contract she has you sign for rentals is alittle over 21 pages and includes various fees for things such as HOA violation notices.
It cost her $25 to inform her office workers to send you a letter to let you know that you are in violation with the HOA when the HOA just informs her without cost to resolve something which is paid by you, when 2 weeks earlier her inspector came through to look at the house.
If you are aware of any laws preventing these unjust charges please post them, I would love to sue her and run her out of business.
FYI Renter be aware!!!!!

Wish I could give zero stars!
This place is shoddy.
The people who run it are mean, hateful women who yell at their customers on the phone and HANG UP on them!
unbelievable.
Their mailbox was broken into 4 times and they don't tell clients.
So we put our rent check in the mailbox and it's stolen... we have to pay $25 to our bank to cancel the check!
Don't you think you would put a sign on your mailbox informing clients not to put checks into it????
Or at least lock it so no more checks will be stolen.
Then to hang up on your renter is unacceptable.
Just a terrible company.
If you have property with this company you should find a more respected, reputable place to do business.
If you plan on renting from this company then I say, "Good Luck.
" Have fun dealing with the mean spirited, miserable women who run the place!
P.S.
They also don't inform you when the water is going to be shut off for maintenance reasons...
Isn't that required by law????
Also, when we signed the lease I had to use the restroom and they told me that I couldn't use their restroom.
I had to leave the property and drive to a gas station!
TERRIBLE COMPANY!
Beware!

Avalon Realty and Oaktree Management has been handling the rental of a house I own (Summerlin area) for a little over 2 years.
Prior to hiring Avalon I managed the property myself for a decade.
I should have hired them years ago!
The house was promptly rented to a tenant who has not been late, and payment is made to me promptly.
It is the handling of problems that has really been extraordinary.
Avalon's team promptly takes care of the problems (at reasonable rates) and keeps me and my tenant happy.
Highest recommendation!

A couple of months ago, I had the good fortune to be referred to Avalon Realty & Oaktree Management by my real estate agent.
After working with Laura, Bonnie, and their staff for the last several months on various projects regarding my properties, and most recently a horrendous flooding issue, I have a new found respect for these individuals.
Avalon Realty & Oaktree Management is extremely honest, professional, and their response to calls and emails is most timely.
Recently, I had to contact Laura Barberini and the office staff multiple times over a 3-week period.
Every call was handled with courtesy, attention to detail, and an urgency that was needed for my situation which involved flooding.
I was truly impressed by how quickly Laura and her staff jumped into action after a tenant call regarding 2 inches of water throughout my home.
Not only did she resolve ALL issues with the tenant as a result of the flooding, but by her prompt attention to the situation, she saved me thousands of dollars in rebuilding costs.
It is not an exaggeration to say that Laura, Bonnie, Lori and her crew worked around the clock to put my house back in order before the tenant returned from vacation.
I am, and will continue to be, truly grateful to Avalon Realty & Oaktree Management for treating my home like their home.
I felt so helpless being hundreds of miles away, but due to Laura, Bonnie and the staff keeping me continually updated and informed regarding potential costs, they saved me thousands of dollars.
I appreciate their honest and direct approach to addressing any and all situations that arose.
If you want an honest, reliable, and trustworthy property management team, you would be foolish with your time and money not to first speak with Laura and Bonnie.
I'm glad I did as they saved me much time and money with their skill and expertise in property management.
Thank you Laura, Bonnie, and staff at Avalon Realty & Oaktree Management for your stellar service and prompt attention to my properties!

I rented through Avalon for awhile.
When I first moved in, my car almost got towed because the HOA wasn't told that I was moving in.
I was then sent from one place to another to see if I could get my mail key.
Finally a couple weeks later I got a phone call that it had been in their office all along.
Whenever I called about an issue I was having with the property I was always told I'd get a call back.
Which I would, after calling them multiple times to remind them.
There's been times when I've walked in to pay my rent and the employees are walking around barefoot, or in slippers, cursing.
They're just extremely unprofessional.
They always seem to have an attitude about everything.
I would never recommend going through them to rent a property.

