The staff is friendly and is helpful here.
When I need select things we drop by since it is conveniently close, but there is not much I can buy in terms of necessity items here.
If there was more natural foods and products, I would come more.
I grab mostly accessories, cleaners, and safe chewing treats (bullysticks and braided hides).
The Animal Foundation/Lied Shelter has a cat adoption booth here and one day when we were in looking at possibly getting a fish tank, this wiley little tuxedo colored bastard was trying to be cute.
We are dog people, but we took him home.
He's actually a pretty good cat and am glad we impulse adopted him.
He is now spoiled with his own bedroom with cat toys and eats nothing but the good stuff.
I like that it's close by and the staff is nice, but it's not my preferred pet store, I think it is OK only for select items.
3.5 stars

So we've always brought Dolce to Petsmart(Henderson) for his monthly grooming with no problems at all, and now we live in the northwest, boy was this location totally the opposite.....  For those of you who have seen and met Dolce, our lil' chewbacca,  he is a fur ball, but a very well-maintained fur ball.
Anyway, this little snot Liz, has me sign the necessary papers and whatnot, lets me know when Dolce will be ready, etc.
so when I leave Petsmart, the grooming place calls me after 5 minutes and Liz says "Oh, we just found out that Dolce's hair is all matted on the bottom because of his thick double coat, so he would have to be shaved, because he would be in pain if we tried to brush him out after his bath"  Ain't that a load of BS???????
So I head back in to take Dolce back  and leave totally upset because I knew damn well this liitle snot just didn't feel like doing the job she applied for....Nothing was wrong with Dolce's coat  because we brush him out at least once a week.
That's cool, I don't need their "selective service" anyway...ALOHA!!!
Coming Up: Bark Place Grooming Salon

Great Petsmart location, always have good sales on dog food and such.
Really helpful employees, good service, never have much of a problem here.

Excellent customer service at this petsmart location.
The employees care about their customers and about the pets.
I have bought fish from this location numerous times and have never had a problem with ick or fin rot.

This petsmart is huge.
A lot of walking space and the aisles are wider.
The workers are friendly and the store is clean.
No bonus sales tho =T Less people shopping here.

Love this store, every time I come in they are always so helpful and welcoming!
Someone always asks if I need any kind of assistance.

I have always loved Petsmart since they have a great variety for all types of animals but I would have to disagree with the other person's grooming review.
I have taken my yorkie and my cat in both to be groomed and the one groomer, Krista did a wonderful job,  she shaved down my yorkie  and my cat put into a lion cut which was great because he is a long haired cat.
She was even cautious with his tail because the tip was broken when i adopted him and he has is still very protective when it comes to touching his tail, so I was pleased that he didn't give her a hard time.
So, I would recommended her services because she is a wonderful groomer.

Not a place to get your dog groomed.
After being dropped off they call me 20 mins later to tell me that my puppy cant be groomed because they cant get her out of the kennel - that she is trying to bite them.
Well duh, that's why I told you to muzzle her prior to putting her in.
Not very smart but what can you expect from a chain store like this.
Go anywhere else but here.

I've been coming to this PetSmart for a couple years now, and it's about time I got around to writing a review!
This location is always clean and well stocked.
I never have to ask for more stuff to be pulled from the back room, despite buying 4-6 bags of litter at a time.
I like the wide aisles, it's easy to navigate my (usually overloaded) cart around the store in a jiffy and there's enough space that I don't feel like I'm being overrun by other people's dogs - I'm a cat person ^._.^  There are always great sales and fun clearance stuff for me to buy, as well as PetSmart coupons scattered throughout the store that can be stacked with the sale prices for amazing savings.
You have to sign up for a PetPerks card to get the sale prices, but they don't call/mail/email you anything so there's no harm.
Though I do feel like there is a lost marketing opportunity as far as coupons and sale alerts but maybe that is an option so you have to approve that yourself?
They carry all the major cat food brands as well as the specialized and holistic brands.
I'm assuming the same can be said for the dog stuff, but I've never been to that side of the store.
There always seems to be a sale on one of the holistic foods which is good because those are quite expensive.
The staff are always friendly as helpful.
When I bought a beta fish a few months back, the young lady that helped me gave me clear instructions on how to treat the water, acclimate the fish, etc.
Then she recommended a tank that, while not as cute as the one I wanted, would keep my new fish alive in a house full of cats.
TeaL DeeR: Awesome store, great customer service, sweet prices!

Clean and very friendly staff.
Decent prices and sales.
I go here often but forget to check in.
I will be back soon.

I come to this store one to twice a month to purchase dog food.
I have to be honest, I only come here because it's convenient and they carry the brand of dog food I need.
I have read a lot of five star reviews below that all say how clean this store is, but maybe these people have never bothered to look down!
Every time I come in, the aisles are always marked up with dog pee!
I would never buy anything from off of a bottom shelf in this store, because chances are a dog has lifted his leg on it!
They recently moved the dog food around the back of the store and moved all the aisles around too, when they did this the whole floor was pure yellow with pee!
It was disgusting!!!
The worst part about it was, the employees were just carrying on as if nothing were wrong, it was like they didn't even notice the floor was glowing yellow with dog pee.
(More like they were in the mode of  " If I don't see it, I don't have to clean it" I guess there is nothing better than a good 'ol game of  "Not It" when your working with the public.
)  If the dog food I purchase wasn't on the top shelf there is NO way I would shop here!
Also, what is the point of have a "PetPerks Card"?
It does none of the things that they say it does.
It doesn't give you coupons for specific items.
All it does is allow you to get the sale price in the store!
Talk about a complete scam!
If you don't have their goofy card and you don't say anything at the register you will pay full price for something that is advertised on sale!
All of the stuff in there is way marked up and and ridiculously priced anyways!
Again, I only go here because they carry the brand of dog food I need and it's close to my house.
So I guess they win, because I still shop there :-/   Just be sure to watch where you step if you are ever in this store!

Normally visit another location, but this one was convenient at the time.
Not too much excitement involved in buying frozen mice, but that's the recommended cuisine for our new addition.
The store was clean and the staff was friendly.
A good experience for what it was.
I was in and out quickly.
I've visited a few other Petsmart locations in Vegas and this one ranks near the top.

3 stars only because the staff in the store is usually helpful and most of the things I need are in stock.
As far as the grooming, I wouldn't know if they do a good job or not because after talking to them I will not let them touch my dog.
I went into grooming to inquire about my old large dog getting a good bath and nail cut.
As I was talking to the man at the counter about how my concern was my large dog being up high on a table, etc (like the big dog on the table behind him).
As he is assuring me that they have the facilities and training to handle an elderly large dog, the big dog on the table behind him slips off and is hanging by the leash.
Another groomer had to put it back on the table for him.
As all this happened, he barely noticed and kept talking to me.
Still reassuring me that my dog would be safe....WOW

This is an a-ok PetSmart in my book!
Let me tell you why I think so!
Pros: 1.
The store is always very clean and organized.
The aisles are clearly marked and the selves are always stocked.
It is easy to find what you are looking for and be in and out pretty quick.
The selection is huge.
I visit the cat food aisle when I drop in and the food selection is so vast.
I have a spoiled cat who doesn't like to eat the same dry food for very long, so this is nice.
The prices, at least for what I have needed in the past, all seem pretty reasonable, even on the fancy organic stuff.
I'm not a cheap stake, but why pay more when you don't have too?
They host cat/dog adoptions.
I am a softy for the furry ones, so it is nice to see them trying to get homes for our furry friends.
The offer 14 day guarantees on any animals purchased.
This is great because sometimes you get home and realize that parakeet or hooded dragon was a mistake for your home.
It's a nice thing that they do, for those just in case instances.
A good place to kill some time with a toddler who loves animals.
I have been know to drop in with my kiddo so she can look at everything.
I feel a bit guilty using them as an outing for free, but   Cons: 1.
They always seem understaffed.
On the rare occasion I need help or have questions, it is really hard to find someone from the staff.
This has happened more than once, so i know it isn't just a fluke.
This is annoying.
all in all, it is a good store for your pet needs.

Goodbye are the days where I go shopping for myself.
Hello to my pup running the show.
I go to PetSmart for all of my doggie needs.
I was in and out in a blur when coming up to this location.
It is well laid out and I didn't really have a problem finding anything.
The stock could be a little better.
Maybe I am just spoiled, or should I say, Momo is spoiled.
Since this is one of the sides I venture off to the most, I can't say that I won't be making more stops here.

I like this store where always someone willing to help and teach you about your pet if you don't know the staff is friendly this store is the biggest one ever came to .
And there's a lot of pets to choose from toys food and other things

