Always on time with my cleaning and really nice folks at the front counter.

Go see "D" and Tracy at this place.
They will take care of you!

I am proud to call this business "my dry cleaners" and highly recommend their services.
A couple weeks ago, I had my very first dry cleaning experience (typically someone else had taken it for me).
Tracy and team have made the process painless and rewarding.
I dropped off my blazer and was told that there would be a turnaround of just one day - fabulous!
Then, they were more than happy to deliver it to my office when I realized I wouldn't have time to stop in for another few days!
Best service EVER.
I have a closet full of "dry clean only" sweaters that I've been neglecting, but now I'm actually excited to take it to the cleaners!

I have been here twice and both times was a poor experience.
If you don't point out a stain they miss it.
The tailoring was sloppy, and the merchandise in the store was overpriced.
Stay Away

Put my suit in to be dry cleaned on Tuesday.
It had gum on the bottom of the suit jacket that I pointed out to the person at the front counter.
They asked if I could wait until the following Monday to have it returned.
I thought the wait was a little long, but I guess they needed that long to get it out.
Most other dry cleaners would have it back to me within two days.
Poor marks for service...
I went in to pick it up.
I paid the attendant, then looked over the suit to find the stain had NOT been completely removed.
The attendant scratched the area to see if it was permanent, but the stain was still removable.
They put the suit back in to be cleaned... AGAIN, and now I have to wait until tomorrow to see if they can finally clean my suit.
They gave me a lint roller for my inconvenience.
If they can't seem to clean the suit, maybe they want me to see if I can clean it myself with the lint roller.... and why was I charged full price?
No discount available?
Poor marks for quality....
The front counter attended was very nice and helpful, but I think I might try another dry cleaners...
I would recommend you do the same, since service and quality at this business is 'spotty' at best (pun intended).

