This place is still open?!?
An airline stranded me in Vegas once, and I thought I'd get a reasonably swanky room.
BZZZT!
This place had minimal style - industrial white paint and garage sale art all the way.
And yet, in its semi-shabby make-do kind of way, it was kinda cool.
Not only a separate bedroom and living room, but a whole kitchen - which I'd want if I were staying in Vegas for an extended period of time.
The website says they have 2-bedroom suites as well - so again, if you're in Vegas for a while with a whole crew, this might be for you.
It's about a mile west of the Strip.
Not a lot of neighborhood charm, though it's across the street from the Orleans (gambling/movies/bowling).
Other weird memories:  The room had a sign posted saying that it went for $400/night, which is definitely too bad to be true (plus I looked it up.
Not $400.
Puh-leez.
)  There was also a sign behind the desk alerting all guests that the premises were under video surveillance.
Clerk assured me that was parking lot only, but who knows, maybe I'm at talldudesshowering.com.
Being carted off to a desolate area for the room that time forgot was creep-a-licious enough.

-I enjoyed myself the one night I stayed here.
-Got myself bumped off the plane to NY for one more night in Las Vegas and it was well worth it.
-Thanks airline for picking up the tab and sending me here.
They sent a shuttle from the airport to come get me so no extra cab ride.
- The airline did also pay for one of my meals that night so I ate right there inside the Orleans casino.
-It was so cool that it was right across the street from the Orleans.
-Rooms were pretty decent, I mean I didn't do that much sleeping this night, Went to bed at maybe 6Am Vegas time and had to be up and out by 10AM.

I remember staying at this place 8 years ago and thinking it was pretty good.
I mean the price was right its off the strip but not far about 1 mile and next to orleans hotel.
But the property standards has gone down since then.
I still like the 2 bedroom suite but it really looked shabby, u can tell all the furniture and carpet and paint are all old and the decor is so dated.
It felt like a crummy apartment in some sleazy part of town but the immediate vicinity was not that kind of neighborhood at all.
Anyway, i did like the full kitchen with all the available utensils which was really great for having a full family of 7.
I really hated the fact that they didnt have free wifi to offer, really?
Come on!
That really pissed me off!
The staff was at least pretty good and very helpful especially anissa and the night guard but the girl who checked us in had the nerve to argue with me about my stay there 8 years ago.
She was pretty annoying.
But the rest of the staff after her are all awesome.
Thank god.
So, i'll be thinking twice about staying here again but the price isn't bad at all, i like the location, luv the staff (most of them) and the full kitchen.
Sorry emerald suites but i can only stomach 2 stars at this point.
I say repaint the room or get rid of the acrid wallpaper, reupholster the sofa, switch out the carpets and offer free wifi.
If that happens, well i'd stay there everytime i take my clan to vegas.
:-)

Beware.
This place quotes one price when you book and then adds hidden fees to tune of much more.
They charge a linen fee.. 11.00 non refundable key fee amoung other scandalous add ins no other motel charges for.
I'm wondering if the people who don't want to rent linen are sleeping on that mattress bare.
Ewww.
Apparently they also rent monthly in the back units whlie the front are by the night.
Our neighbors were very very loud and some appeared to be hookers although to be, fair it is hard to tell who is actually a hooker in Vegas.
They do accept dogs here but they also have some hidden fees for that they dont mention on the phone as well.
We have stayed at the other Emerald Suites on Las Vegas blvd without these issues.

