I've been using this company for about two years now and don't have any complaints.
It's a small mom and pop type of operation that's been around for several years.
They're always on time, courteous, friendly and quick.
The best way to judge a pest control company is, of course, by how many critters are around the house and, for the most part, the only ones I see are belly up.
They're pretty inexpensive also at $30/month.

First, I gotta thank Clint for the great recommendation.
A RELIABLE PEST CONTROL is no doubt the best Pest Control company I have ever dealt with and the prices are extremely low.
I live at the very last community at the end of Las Vegas.
I am right in front of a giant canyon that houses billions of desert cockroaches.
When night falls, every single roach in Las Vegas invades my neighborhood.
When I am walking at night, all you see is a tidal wave of roaches descending down from the canyon onto my street.
My neighbors are such brain-fried weirdos that they just decided to submit to the power of the roaches and allow them to take over our community at night.
I on the other hand decided to fight back so I called Dan at ARPC.
When Dan sprayed my house, I never saw one live roach again.
It's almost like the poison created an invisible force field around my house.
The rest of the community is still covered in roaches, but my house is completely protected.
The coolest thing about the poison that ARPC uses is that it literally makes the bugs explode internally!
I find all types of Spiders and Roaches without their heads, or missing the lower part of their body.
If my homeowners association would just hire ARPC to spray down the whole neighborhood, we wouldn't have this huge epidemic with the roaches.
I'm gonna try to bring it up at our next homeowners association meeting.

Just had first spraying with Gavin as our Tech.
and we are so impressed with this company.
Punctual and professional.
Fees are very reasonable and company is friendly.

Having problems with desert roaches, black widows & crickets.
Called about 5 local companies for service & ARPC was the only one who was interested in the job.
Dan (owner) was very professional & timely.
Responded quickly both by phone & emails.
Dan was going to send one of his employees that handled my side of town.
Gavin called the next day to set up a visit.
A window between noon & 1pm.
Gavin was as prompt as you can get, ringing the doorbell EXACTLY at 12 noon.
He further explained the process, the chemicals, answered my ?
's and assured me the dog & cat would be safe once the liquids dried.
Gavin impressed me both by his professionalism & knowledge of his job & is very easy to talk to.
4 days later, the pets are still alive.
the roaches & crickets are dead or dying & I haven't seen a spider since.
Definately a company that wants your business & strives to keep it.

We all know I got a reputation here on Yelp.
The Elites and the die-hard yelpers know that I am very critical of services here in LV.
So, it tells you a lot about A RELIABLE PEST CONTROL when I vouch for them and declare that they are the most effective and efficiently operated business in LV.
What I like about ARPC is that they are ALWAYS on time.
Also, Dan is just a super athletic guy with good coordination and he won't destroy anything in your house, unlike the guy from Lowes who installed my refrigerator.
Dan also make sure that he wears covers over his work boots so he doesn't track dirt into your house.
He is very considerate and really respects your property.
Let me tell you a personal story about my history against the bugs.
I live at the very edge of Las Vegas, right below the canyons of Red Rock, and very close to Mt.
Charleston.
The vast gorge has always housed billions of American Roaches.
When the clock hits midnight a giant dark cloud descends down upon our community like a great calamity from the skies.
Every inch of the sidewalk and front lawn is covered in these gigantic roaches.
And to make things worse, during the day we got those Good Feathers(gigantic pigeons), and on the south side of my community near the wash, we got scorpions.
Originally, I paid one of the bigger pest control companies to spray my house.
They charged me almost $100, and it didn't do anything.
When night fell, my front yard was still covered in roaches.
A few weeks later I noticed that one of my  psycho neighbors had his own pest control company.
I asked him to spray my house, but I suffered the same result and the roaches came back within days.
It was around then when I decided to just give up and let the roaches win, but then I got a recommendation from Elite Yelper Clint B.
So, I called Dan at ARPC and he came out and sprayed the inside and exterior of my house.
That was the last time I ever saw a live roach around my house.
The poison was so effective that the giant colonies of roaches living in the soil and between the bricks of my walls were coming out and dying within minutes.
The whole community is still covered in roaches at night, but the poison has created a type of invisible shield around my house which prevents the bugs from entering.
When I sit on my balcony at night, I laugh at the misfortune of my neighbors as they manically shake the roaches off their clothes and hair while I don't have a bug problem in the world.
My neighbors still insist on going to Walmart to buy Raid and Bayer, even though they know it never works.
I am very happy with the results.
It's been over 6 months and I haven't seen one living roach, black widow, or scorpion.
The only problems I still have are with the stray cats but I don't think Dan can help me on that one seeing how his poison does not hurt our pets.
ARPC also specializes in Pigeon and Bee removal, and from what I hear they are the very best at that as well.

These guys have done a great job on my property, and honestly, I haven't seen a single ant or earwig inside since these guys have been around.
We used to give our business to Home Team, which were friendly and nice, but very expensive.
These guys get the job done and very well.
The first time they came to spray, I saw a HUGE, DEAD, black widow outside by my sidewalk!
Thank God they sprayed because Home Team obviously never killed this guy and I'd hate to have him stickin around.

Just had my house serviced by Reliable Pest Control after two attempts to use another company that no showed twice!
From the first call I made to getting my house sprayed, I was pleased and relieved at Reliable Pest Control's professionalism, punctuality and attentiveness to details.
They went above and beyond what I think any other exterminator would.
Affordable pricing and trustworthy.
Glad I made the call!

Definitely reliable...great service :)

I had a swarm of bees decide to make a hive in the outer wall of my house yesterday.
I saw the good reviews for A Reliable Pest Control on Yelp and decided to give them a call.
Within an hour someone was there to kill the hive and seal up the hole.
I am totally delighted with the service and would strongly recommend them to anyone!

We are very satisfied with the service we have received so far from A Reliable Pest Control.
This was the first pest control company we called when moving to the area and I'm really glad we did.
From my initial phone conversation with the owner, Dan to the monthly visits from our Pest Control Technician, Tim, everyone has been very friendly, professional, reliable and punctual.
We have not had any issues with any "pests" since the first treatment (well, okay ...we did have ants, but as soon as I told the technician, he sprayed and we haven't seen them since).
We will continue using A Reliable Pest Control and I recommend them if you need quality pest control service in your home.

Yes, it is real, a small town business in a big city.
I am impressed.
After reading a certain co Yelpers review who I trust I was intrigued by a great review.
I did a lot of research and called a lot of companies even with a co Yelpers review.
When I called I spoke to quite a few family members in my time on the phone with them and when they came to my new home.
They had beyond reasonable pricing and made me feel extremly comfortable on the phone about the service they provide.
I love a small business and will support them as long as the job is done well and it was.
I didn't  have any bugs that I knew of but moving into a new home you want to be safe.
I was informed of all the options and I told them what I was interested in and they did it.
The day was busy I met with the him and had to run off to deal with other workers in the move.
He went around our unique property without question and came to me in the end with a report of what he found.
Being it has been well maintained not much to fill me in on and told me about upkeep again beyond reasonable pricing.
Highly recommend for honest, reasonable and great service...

The day I moved to Las Vegas, I called A Reliable Pest Control after searching Yelp.
I wanted someone to provide treatment right away to ease my fears of any pests in the home.
Steve came out the same day and sprayed on the inside and the outside.
There were a few dead pests outside in the morning, which meant whatever was sprayed was working.
A few days later, I saw a few pests (earwigs) in the home and asked Steve to come back out.
He came to do a different treatment based on the pest that I saw.
And he came on his day off!
Steve is awesome!
I signed up for monthly service.
Very reasonably priced.

Unfortunately, I had to cancel my monthly service.
Thank goodness they don't make you sign a contract.
The initial treatment seemed to work fine for about 3 weeks.
Then as the temperature increased outside, so did the pests.
I am giving three stars because of the the service I received from Steve.
He was very pleasant and came out to respray two times.
Both days were his days off, but I am still seeing pests.
I have since signed up with a new company to see if they can live up to my expectations.

After the reviews here I decided to give these guys a try.
Setting up an appointment was a breeze and the person (owner?
) on the other end of the line actually went out of his way to set up an appointment that would work best for me.
The technician, Austin, came out and answered every question I had.
He even found some critters running around that I was unaware I even had.
Definitely going to use these guys again if when I need another pest sweep.

I chose these guys based on Yelp...another victory for Yelp!!!
:-)  Prior to using A Reliable, I was using another guy, who was super cool but kind of a stoner...and whatever poison he was using wasn't working, as I still had a mighty roach problem.
But after switching to A Reliable, my problem completely went away!
Now I have no roaches whatsoever...
I'm sure whatever chemical they're using can't be good for me, but at least there are no bugs crawling around my kitchen :/  These guys are realiable, prompt and courteous.
They email you a few days in advance to remind you, giving you ample time to reschedule if needed.
And it's only $25/month!
But the best part is....my personal tech, Brandon, is hot as hell!
Alas, he usually comes by before I've had a chance to get made up and whatnot, but one of these days I'll open the door naked: "Is that a sprayer in your hand, or are you happy to see me?!

I chose this company based off of yelp reviews .
I called to start service they took all of my information.
Then said the tech would be out Friday or Sat but tech would call and set up service.
It is now 3 weeks later with no call or service being done !!!
I just would like to know which Friday or Saturday they didn't specify which year !!
Don't Waste Your.
Time waiting for this sorry company with too many customers I guess they don't need any new ones !!!!

