The most friendly and professional staff I've ever encountered at an oil change business.
They always send me service coupons and if I forget to bring in the coupon, they still honor my word and give me a discount.
I won't get a oil change anywhere else!

These guys do it right!
Every single time!
The manager and his crew are outstanding.
They are nice, clean, conversational, service oriented, go the extra mile.....and did I mention that the waiting room and bathrooms are sparkling clean?!?!
They do the job that we came in for and recommend needed maintenance, while not being pushy.
I feel like we get a good deal each visit and I trust my car (therefore, my safety) to this team.
I would recommend them to anyone!

Wow!
Wonderful customer service.
I went in to redeem a groupon for a oil change and tire rotation.
The employee's were very professional and even gave me a tour of the waiting area (where the water, bathroom, and coffee was located).
There was a car in front of mine, so I was aware that it might be awhile, I was not in a rush.
They actually were really fast!
I was in and out in no time.
They went over what services were done with my car and an employee named Steve went above and beyond.
I am quite impressed with this Jiffy Lube, enough to come back for my next oil visits.
I felt comfortable the whole time (as a female who knows nothing about cars!
)  Once I left, I had about 5 different employee's thank me and wished me a great weekend.
I felt like a Jiffy Lube queen!

I get it.
Jiffy Lube is more expensive than the random company in the coupon section offering a $9.99 oil change.
I'm not made out of money.
I love a good deal (please see my other reviews to see how excited I get about cheap food).
Most of all?
I LOVE good service.
This Jiffy Lube is the epitome of PHENOMENAL customer service, and amidst the expense, it is WORTH IT.
I went back to this location, as always, this morning and unfortunately, have had a rough week, so I wasn't as chipper as normal.
No, I wasn't evil (that's a lot of work), I just wasn't my normal self.
The instant my window was down, I was greeted with a big smile and just the friendliest service I could ask for.
He opened the door for me to get out of my car, opened the door into the office, showed me where the restroom was and where the water was in case I felt thirsty, the whole nine yards.
When they try to sell you an additional service, it is never sleezy.
I know I have to get my engine flushed once every 30,000 miles.
They didn't PUSH me into it or make me feel uncomfortable.
The man just printed out a form to serve as a reminder and that was it.
The other guy there (my normal representative) said hello and was equally friendly as the first gentleman.
As if they needed to impress me even more (once again), as I left, the door was opened for me from the office and through the garage, and then the gentleman opened my car door for me too!
CHIVALRY STILL EXISTS!
EUREKA!
I LOVE this Jiffy Lube.
I have sent emails to corporate telling them how happy I am with their service.
These guys are great and they are absolutely worth the money you pay for an oil change.
LOVE THEM!

Some of the staff is a bit grumpy (in a funny way), but the class and decency of the others balance it out.
The service was the best, even opened our car doors for us as we left and the price $32 for oil change, filter change, vacuuming van and cleaning windows  amongst other things.

We took one of our cars here today for an oil change, since the service at our previous oil change place had gone downhill.
Since the reviews for this location all tout the excellent service, we gave it a try.
We pulled up, were ushered into a clean, cool lobby to wait.
The mechanic took Boyfriend out into the garage to explain what would be done (not to say they ignored me...I just didn't want to go back outside and I probably had absolutely zero to add to their conversation).
Less than 30 minutes later, the oil change was finished.
Everything done to the car was again reviewed, down to tire pressure and which fluids were topped off.
They let us know that we would need a new belt soon and made sure the quoted price for that service was noted in their system and on our receipt.
However, there was zero pressure to do it right then.
Our coupon was accepted with no issues and we were on our way!
The oil change (with a ton of extra, complementary services) was $40, minus the $15 coupon we printed online.
The mechanic opening the car doors for us was a very nice touch :)  A truly top-notch experience.
This is our new go-to car maintenance place, for sure.

Very friendly Service Techs.
The facility was clean.
They even had FREE coffee!
I will definitely be bringing my truck back here, for all my fluid changes.
They also give a Military discount.

Went in for an oil change and received the best service i have ever received at any car maintenance service location!
I won't go anywhere else.
Daniel (employee i delt with) provided exceptional service.
He explained all of the things i needed fixed with my car in detail so i understood why and how these things were needed.
He honored my coupons and they provided a free window and vacuum cleaning for my car complimentary.
I was out within 20 minutes maximum.
It was very professional fast and friendly service.

Just had my oil changed and was amazed hot fast it was done.
They even showed me my filter that needed changing as per the manufacturer's recommendation.
Got that done too.
Showed them the discount coupon on my smartphone and they processed that too.
Went on a Sunday.
No lines, no waiting.
Didn't even get a chance to have a free cup of coffee!
Great facility and people!

Great Service and Friendly staff.
In and out quickly.
Will go back for additional services when my truck needs it.

Great service.
Great people.
Very professional.
Very knowledgable.
Seemed to really care about my vehicle.

I can't believe that when I was at this jiffy lube there was a customer there with a new born baby who wasn't happy.
The customer was getting 4 new tires put on here car.
The manager on duty, his name was Dale offered the lady his car to go home and wait there because it was going to be about hour and a half before they were done.
That was customer service far and beyond.
Thanks Dale you prover to me people do still care.

So tired of the upsell on a simple oil change.
Everytime!
Thought I would give them one more chance to see if it was isolated times or employees.
Not coming back.

Got what I paid for.
Of course the typical up sale attempts.
But hey they're trying to make money.
I haven't went to a auto shop without up sale attempts...part of the game.

$35 for a oil change?!
no thanks...never going back :(

Very friendly staff.
They work as quickly as possible to get everyone in and out.
Very thorough with vehicle inspections.
Prices are reasonable and competitive.
I would recommend to others!

Needed to change my oil today.
I frequently go to this Jiffy Lube and I've always had a good experience.
Today was no exception!
I received great service from the moment I arrived.
They were polite, fast, efficient, and I did not have to wait long.
I've never been disappointed with the service I've received.
I highly recommend this location.

Cameron and Daniel were.super.prompt and extremely.
Customer focused!
They show all diagnostics from dealership so you know.they are.not dishonest!
Also not.typical pushy mechanics and they are.willing.to help and.save you money!
Only place I'm willing to take my hard earned cash and business!
Great job fellas keep it up!

The guys at Jiffy Lube always take care of me.
I don't always know what's going on with my car, but they give me great advice and try and educate me on why I need a specific service.
I trust their judgement and always recommend them!

This Jiffy Lube's a gem compared to the rest I've been to in Vegas .
Gina is AWESOME , she's a sweetheart and will take care of you .
The rest of the crew are all top notch and will get you on the road in a hurry !
I'll be back again .

Fast, clean, accurate, great job and nice staff.
What more could you want from a oil change and smog place.
Him really did a great job with the smog check.
Fastest I've ever had.
Will recommend this Jiffy Lube location to all my friends.

Gina is awesome, I will only go to her shop!
shes quick and very knowledgeable told me everything i needed and didnt try to get me to buy useless stuff for my car!
best service i have ever had :D

Gina was great and I really enjoyed the service - thank you!!!

