My husband and I got our wedding cake from here.
We had the reception at Maggianos and they contract with a local bakery to make the cake which is included in the price of the reception.
By having a destination wedding one of the things I felt I really missed out on was cake tasting.
I called the owner and asked if I would be able to come in on Monday (my wedding was on Wednesday) and taste a few samples of cake.
I figured it wouldn't hurt to ask.
She not only said yes but let me choose 5 flavors to try.
We went in and she welcomed us with open arms.
Even though we were not a big sale for here in fact we weren't shelling out any extra money for the cake.
She was getting the $2 per slice which times 19 people = $38.
She treated us like she would have a person who was ordering a $300+++ cake.
Then we got to tasting cakes and OMG!
The husband and I compromised and picked the bottom layer to be white cake with lemon filling and the top layer was chocolate cake with raspberry filling.
The cake was fantastic.
In fact my husband and I are going to find a way to get a slice every time we go back to Vegas.
It was honestly that good!
We thank Creations for making our special day that much more special!

Although the cake was good...it wasn't what I had asked for.
My cake was dropped and had to be completely redone 1 hour before my reception.
I called about a week after to try to get a refund and was promised a check for a small portion of my purchase, but never received anything.
I was disappointed in the outcome because I didn't feel that I got what I paid for.

I used Creations Bakery for my wedding cake for my wedding at the Silverstone Golf Club in Las Vegas in May 2011.
Susie at Creations Bakery is a hoot!
My fiancé and I met with her before our wedding for our tasting and she was fantastic!
She had all of the samples that I had picked out ready and waiting and made it so easy to pick out the ones we wanted.
I had no idea what kind of cake I wanted and she made it super easy for me to combine two styles I liked- one with little dots and one with swirls- so she did them both and it look great!
I brought my own ribbon and the cake couldn't be any better.
Tons of the guests at my wedding even said it was the best cake they'd ever had!
The only issue with the cake, which was not at all related to Creations Bakery, but when the cook at the country club put the topper on it, they broke the top of the cake so my florist hid the cracks in the frosting with little flowers.
So, everything worked out great.
I would have much rather had Creations put the topper on when they got there so no one would have ruined it, but you live you learn!
Oh!
One other awesome point with Susie is that she offers you a cool option to stop by anytime you're in Vegas and buy a mini-replica cake of your top tier of you cake for $15 or $20 bucks or something!
Since this was a destination wedding for my husband and we couldn't save the top, it'll be such a cool thing to do every time we're in Vegas.
She and Creations are fantastic!
My photographer got some awesome pictures of the cake if you want to see: http://exposurebyjtalley.com/blog/weddings/kerry-shauns-wedding

I purchased a groupon to sample a dozen Creations Bakery cupcakes.
What a disappointment.
After hearing such lovely things about their cakes, I expected equal quality and creativity on their cupcakes.
Boy was I wrong.
I was told I could only get vanilla or chocolate cupcakes.
If you're doing a promotion, you would think they would offer a great assortment of their 'best' flavors.
A nice sampling of the work they do.
When I picked up my 6 vanilla, 6 chocolate cupcakes, they were nothing more than simple store bought sweets with sprinkles.
Nothing special.

