DON'T go here.
I went in because my car was making a grinding noise when coming to a stop.
I took it in and they said "my calipers needed to be replaced or resurfaced (I don't exactly remember), brakes etc etc.
"Cost 400 and something dollars.
I said okay I will be back.
He then says "you know if you keep driving your car it can be dangerous.
" Okay?
So I take it somewhere else and they said "we just need to replace your front breaks and the rotors.
I said, "Are you sure?
"  Are my calipers okay?
They said yeah perfectly fine.
WHAT THE!!!!
Please if you decide to do business with them GET A SECOND opinion I'm glad I did.
As soon as I get home from getting my car fixed I received a voice mail from the guy at Just brakes saying "hi it's so and so just wanted to tell you if you just want to replace your brakes and you can get your calipers done at a later time we are running that $99 special just come by.
" Hahaha is he serious?

These guys are great!
My brakes were grinding and they showed me what was wrong..even though both rotors were scored and damaged the rotors were still good enough to resurface.
I would have bought rotors just by looking at them, they could've sold me rotors, but didn't.
My brake system needed some TLC, I did Google the recommendations.
They were all correct.
It's not there fault my brakes were bad.
Don't know what's Sarah problem is....calipers are the muscle of the brake system.
The guys at Just Brakes are honest with ASE & MAP certifications (Google) I drove away knowing my car was fixed right and with a little car knowledge.

NEVER, EVER GO HERE!!!
They use substandard parts, will tell you you need hundreds of dollars of work done that you don't, and their mechanics rip things apart then don't know how to put them back together correctly.
Went to a professional mechanic to get their work corrected and they said they were absolutely appalled at how bad of a job they did and how crappy the parts were.
Their gimmick is to sucker you in with free replacement pads, which of course wear out very quickly because they're poor quality and they are depending on you coming back over and over to get more work done you don't need done.
RUN AWAY!!

They DO NOT do a good job here at all!!
!waste of money and time I literally had to go back like 10 times and their like it's not squeaking blah blah come back when it's squeaking now my brakes sound even moreeee horrible worser than before when I took it in just for squeaking then they over charged me and it started doing grinding noise now I have to go to another place hopefully better professionals I REPEAT DO NOT COME HERE TOTAL RIP OFF!!
!and people who work here don't look professional bunch of crackhead rips offs !

I came in for a squealing brakes problem.
So I went in and they test drove my car and cone to find out i disnt need new pads loke the delawrship said.
Karl and his crew fixed what was needed and didn't have to buy new pads.
They sanded out what the dealership called  "old" --which has 80% left...Really good people here.
Didn't even charge me!

After car dying on Craig yesterday I was recommended to me bye Walmart after my fun filled event of stalling first time ever and low on cash due to rent etc they have been amazing talk to Mike gm or any staff member very helpful Walmart was a little confused as what I needed they offered free engine check here and pin pointed was new battery after nearly 3 years time.for new.
Anyways staff very nice and store.prices are really good

