Located less than a mile away from my house, this is the most convenient auto parts store for me.
I've been here many times in the past.
It's not as big as a Pep Boys, but carries all of the basics.
Since the weather has been cold & rainy in Vegas, it was time to change my windshield wiper blades.
I stopped by today to pick up a pair for my car.
One blade was $8.99 the other was $7.99.....two different sized blades on my car.
Using their car fitting guide, I was able to find my blade sizes and was in/out in less than 5 minutes.
Will I return?
You bet I will.

Right around the corner from me, really affordable, helpful staff!
I had to buy a battery here last summer and they where fantastic!

I work not far from here and needed a battery for my key less entry to my car.
I walked in and was served right away.
The gentleman was helpful and efficient.
He was not too friendly but not unfriendly either, more of a strictly business attitude.
He helped me open my clicker and find the correct battery.
He also made sure the key less entry was functional before sending me on my way.
Overall it was a pleasant experience.

Ive been to like 503 Autozones here in Vegas, this one is not my fave.
Theyre not as professional and not really helpful.
I asked a question and they just looked at me stupid, then I asked about their return policy and it seemed like they were gonna die if I returned the unused product!
Negative!
Next time Im gonna show them the strong arm!

Yeah...
I'm an O'Reily guy.
But, I only had  20 minutes to fix my car before work so I went to the automotive store which was closest to my house.
And it happened to be an AutoZone.
The repair I needed was very small, the oil filler cap on my car broke off in my engine so I just needed a replacement.
The chick working here was really friendly and she knew her stuff.
I was in and out in less than 5 minutes and was able to solve my car troubles with less than 10 seconds of work.
But, recently I've been having a bad reaction to my pain killers(I suffered a bad injury to my spine a few years ago) and they have made me kinda incoherent... so about 10 minutes later I crashed my car into the side of my house.
I then had to come back to this Autozone location for more parts.
So in less than 20 minutes I was here twice.
True story.

For local DYI auto projects, big and small, this is my place.
Staff are so helpful and knowledgeable.
No need to go anywhere else.

