This place is AWESOME!
I can't even express how happy I am that I found this place online.
I'm a graduate student so money doesn't come easy but I needed a bed for my apartment.
I stumbled upon this place online and thought I would give it a look.
The store itself was pretty small - when I was looking around, their furniture was REALLY nice and the prices were VERY cheap.
I saw some futons that were around 200 dollars and they seemed really nice.
I needed a full sized bed and that's exactly what I got.
For the mattress and a box spring, I paid slightly under 200 dollars.
Here was a quick conversation between me and one of the store representatives:  Me: How quickly can I get the bed?
Rep: Where do you live?
Me: Close to UNLV.
Rep: ... Maybe 20 minutes?
Me: 20 MINUTES !?
Can you deliver it tomorrow?
Rep: Can do!
----- People... COMON NOW.
Not only could they get me my furniture ASAP (actually, it was so soon it threw me off guard), when they delivered me the mattress the next day, they were at my apartment pretty much at 9AM sharp.
CHECK THIS PLACE OUT.

Out of all the furniture places my girlfriend and I have visited, nothing, I mean absolutely nothing compares to Cornerstone Furniture.
We have shopped there for a sofa and coffee table and were so pleased with the extremely polite customer service, the quality of the furniture, and prices, that we had to come back here again for a dining set.
I was quoted Tuesday for the dining set delivery on Friday and got it Saturday, the next day!
I have attached the pictures of the sofa, coffee table set, and the dining set, and we paid a little less than $1000 for all high quality pieces.
They also offer free delivery (assembly is a separate charge, but all their items come with tools and a detailed booklet), and are very courteous about the package it comes in, all pieces had no damage, all brand new.
Abby and Roger are amazing people, and they will do anything they can to make you feel comfortable, and believe me, this is not the last time I will visit them or purchase from them.
Thanks Abby/Roger so much for the best service and prices in the Valley!

If you are looking for contemporary or modern furniture this is the place you have to go, they have awesome prices and the best customer service.
We just got our polaris sectional custom made in beautiful red, we wait for it but it was worth it.
delivery guys very professional, thank you guys we are very happy with our purchase.

This store is great, everyone in the store is very helpful and honest.
I bought my bedroom suit, dinning room table and entertainment center from this company and am very pleased.
Do your self a favor and at least check them out before you purchase at another store.

Pay attention to their return and exchange policy!
What?
You can't find it?
That's because there is none!
Once you bought it and had it delivered, it's yours for better or worse.
Even it it broke in 4 days, like mine.
They told me that the policy is in writing, but I've never saw it.
The only document I have from them is a piece of paper that looks like a restaurant order ticket.
That's all!

This place was a diamond in the rough and a life saver.
After shopping at SEVERAL (and I mean several- we went to 7 before this) we found what we were looking for!!
Great prices, what we wanted and great customer service.
I saw two reviews about their exchange policy, but if you talk about that BEFORE you purchase the furniture, then they of course will work with you.
The staff is so sweet!
And let's be honest, if you owned a furniture store, would you want to take back someone's furniture because THEY didn't measure?
Um No.
They are honest people.
I would recommend them to my family!

I found Cornerstone on Yelp after recently moving to Las Vegas.
I have to say that the previous reviewers were correct--Cornerstone Furniture is great.
After the move, my husband and I were in need of many pieces of furniture.
I went to check the store out, to see if it would be worth it to bring my husband back (he doesn't normally like furniture shopping).
I had a great experience with Rafael who let me spent a lot of time exploring the inventory in a no-pressure way.
I told him that I would bring my husband back when we were ready to purchase.
I went back today, and we had a blast working with Rafael!
He was honest and genuine, and really helpful.
The best part was there was very little pressure to buy anything.
He just kept telling us to take our time.
Not only is there a large amount of furniture on the floor, but he also has tons of catalogs, and can order just about anything!
We purchased some items today, but we'll be back to get more!
Even my husband enjoyed the process, and had a smile on his face.

