The best casual hangout in Vegas, and the the nicest billiards place in the area.
They have about a dozen or so oak billiard tables that are well maintained.
All the equipment is high-quality and everything is really clean.
They also have a steel-tip darts room, video poker, and a bar that serves any drink you can name.
ICE cold beer served in frozen mugs and all the drink prices are reasonable  The owners are there pretty much all the time and are really nice; staff is nice too.
I'm not a local, but Club CC has in-house  leagues, so there's no traveling for locals.
Fun atmosphere, obviously adults only, and a good location.
No undesirables in the parking lot...

24 Hour Pool Hall that's not Sketchy!
Just when you put your Martini down you realize your cue stick is resting in the groove on your chair or bar table near by.
That's right; special furniture for people playing pool!
I play better if I'm a few Martinis it.
:-)  Beautifully spaced, well maintained, full of thoughtful details.
Great equipment even if you don't bring your own.
I've been here several times with my Uncle and finally with a group of people and we all agree this is a GREAT place to play pool.
If you bring your own cue sticks you certainly won't be alone; this place is full of billiards fanatics.
I still wish it was a little dimmer here, but not really an issue.
Date Rating: 6 Pick up Scale: 1   Strong Suggestion: Don't come hungry - they do not have food.
If you're nice maybe they'll let you bring some in, or order delivery.

I have known Peggy and Trudy for a couple of years now and they always treated me in like family.
This is a cool place with a great feel.
I couldnt think of a better place to hang out and feel at home.

Hey, I was looking for a clean, friendly pool hall.
This place fits the bill ten fold.
Great 8 foot and 9 foot tables.
Excellant house cues (all aluminum).
Very friendly staff.
Low key music, not blaring.
ICE COLD BEER.
Coldest mugs ever.
Reasonable rates.
I will be back.
They dont serve food, BTW.

Great place to hang out and have a good time.
We have been going to Club Charleston for a couple of years now.
Owners are awesome!
Leagues are  a lot of fun, always full of people that are willing to help you improve your pool game.
We started just one night a week, and now we play every night we can.

24 hours pool halls that don't smell like hooker spit and Marlboro Lights?
WHATTTTTTTT?
This place is always great even though every time my friends and I go we are usually the only people there.
Club Charleston has a spacious bar, with enough pool tables to fill a 3rd world country.
As Misti Y. mentioned there is a special walled off section for darts which is enough to keep any drunken pool player away from your sharp point darts of death.
Playing pool here is fairly inexpensive and they apparently run weekly leagues during normal hours.
Throw in the sweet drinks specials and this place really is a diamond in the rough.
The rough of course referring to the location near Charleston and Jones.

Nice bar that wasn't crowded when me and wifey went..
Plenty of pool tables and ice cold beer..

Club Charleston is a great place for hooking up with friends, shooting pool, or playing darts.
We have been customers for the past 5 years, and have made some great and wonderful friends there.
People are friendly, and the staff is very helpful.
Great service at reasonable prices.
We started playing one night a week, and have played as many as 5 nights a week.
Great deal for only $10.00 a night for league dues.

I have  been coming to Club Charleston for years.
I think it is the best place to shoot and hang out.
The staff are very friendly, tables are clean and nice.
League fee's are reasonable and the other players are friendly.
Beats driving all over town, as they have in-house leagues.
One stop for the night, and you are surrounded by great friends and a great place to hang out.

I love this place!!
So sad but we just found out it's GOING OUT OF BUSINESS this weekend.
Thanks for the great times guys, I will definitely miss the league nights here!!!

I visited here over my trip to Vegas during the week of March 11th.
If the previous review stating that this place is going out of business is true, it would be a crying shame, because I thoroughly enjoyed playing here.
Granted, it WAS totally dead when we came in, but who plays pool at 9am other than my husband and I?
:)  Lots of tables here and it was dirt cheap, only 50 cents a game.
The female bartender on duty (I think her name was Sherry?
) was a sweetheart and didn't mind refilling our drinks from time to time (only Coke, we didn't want a martini that early!).
I could see this place being really fun at night.
I bet there were lots of leagues playing here.
Hopefully the previous review is just a rumor, but if not....
I have great memories here.
Thanks for being so nice to us out-of-towners.

