We just moved to Las Vegas from Los Angeles, and after a couple weeks of fine dining, we decided to go for one of our favorite comfort foods - Dominos pizza.
Unfortunately, what was our regular order for years and years in LA is inconceivable to the folks at our new local Dominos.
The manager literally called us up to argue with us about our order.
That it had too many toppings, that it wouldn't cook right, that we were manipulating the system (by asking for 4 substitutions on on an Extravaganzza), and that our order was so complicated it would confuse their cooks.
I'm sorry, but if your employees can't handle 4 substitutions or cook a pizza with 8 toppings, then maybe they shouldn't be working for Dominos.
And quite frankly, neither should this manager for calling us up and arguing with us about our order instead of making sure he has his sh*t together at his store.
Piss poor customer service.
Never ordering from here again.
Probably a good thing, will save them a lot of confusion.

I was so sad to read the reviews of this Dominos.
I have ordered from them a few times and loved it!
In fact my family is big on Papa Johns and they liked this Dominos so much they started ordering from here too!
I order from here at 3:21 pm today and I don't get my order till 4:13 pm that's the first problem.
I tip the guy because its hard to find my house and he found it with no problem...now I'm regretting that.
Only because my pizza was cold when I received it.
Then I asked for light cheese and I pretty much got dough with veggies barely any sauce and probably enough cheese just to keep the veggies on the pizza.
The pizza was so thin I could make a better pizza myself!
Next time Digiorno frozen pizza would be better!
I will post pictures of my pizza.
Avoid this place at all cost will never order here again!!

this is the worst Domino ever in life to even exist I'm staying at Circus Circus with my husband for vacation the  delivery guy can't even come up to the hotel room he expect you to meet him at the valet then we meet him there he's not even there and has is going through a wild goose chase my husband goes to get his ice and see the different Domino's employees from the same shop that we order from delivering to the room right next to please anybody do not order from them on vacation or anybody living here in Las Vegas do not order from them the delivery guy told my husband that he had to give him a three dollar tip because he was waiting on him and when I tried to call the store back to the store can hanging up on us bad service bad employees terrible  plus the pizza guy had our pizza in the back of his pickup truck his food handlers license should be revoked and he should be physically pulled away from any fast food restaurants if any health inspectors  are reading this you should go in  over there and have them searched enough said blow the dust off this place I'm done!!!!!!!!!

