Rip off artists.
I called them for an estimate to get shower heads cleaned out at a rental house.
Without ever calling me with the estimate, they fixed the shower heads and THEN spent another 5 hours doing unnecessary, unrequested, unapproved "work" at the request of the TENANT(supposedly, the tenant claims the plumber told him the hot water tank "needed" to be flushed),  and refused to leave until it was paid in full.
Then, after billing me over $500 for work that was NOT approved, requested, or needed, they put the charge through on the debit card TWICE (They did refund one of the charges a day later).
DO NOT use this company unless you know exactly what's wrong beforehand, and you can personally be there.
There's too many companies in town to use an untrustworthy one like this one.

We live out of state but still are handcuffed to our house in Vegas.
Twice now we have needed a plumber and Jenni Plumber has been excellent on every mark.
They respond when they say they will.
They called me with the estimate before doing any work, their price was totally reasonable, and they completed the job perfectly.
Our tenants comment that they are friendly and professional!
I have plugged their number into my phone...chances are I will need them again.
I wholeheartedly recommend them.

If you need a MANABLOC MANIFOLD THIS IS THE PLACE to have replace it.
Our house was built in 1995.
Apparently they used something called a MANIFOLD when building the plumbing.
(all the plumbing hoses go to one location, the MANIFOLD).
ours leaked horribly and we needed a replacement.
All the plumbing companies I called suggested JENNI PLUMBER.
They were able to order us a manifold thru photos we sent.
Chris did the repair.
He did a great job.
Everyone on staff at the Cheyenne location was very nice.
I RECOMMEND Jenni Plumber!

My Manabloc was corroding and showed signs of leakage.
I got two estimates and went with the lower one, from Jenni Plumber.
Doug replaced the Manabloc and did a great job.
The Manabloc was in a difficult place to get at, so there was some discussion about cutting out drywall.
Turned out Doug was able to do the job by cutting a small piece of wood from underneath, a great relief--no drywall work needed!
And because it took him less time than estimated, the cost came in BELOW estimate, which was welcomed!
I would definitely recommend Jenni Plumber--they seem to have very experienced and trustworthy people.
Also, Sammy, the young lady who deals with customers by phone, is a delight to deal with.

Just moved to vegas and needed a plumber to connect my new range.
It required that I move my gas line.
Called Jenni Plumber and had a Tech at my home in under an hour.
The plumber "DOC" (was his name) arrived on time, was polite, professional, and hands down the best plumber I've ever hired.
he was able to do all the work same day (on a friday night at 6pm and for a reasonable price.
If you're looking for a good plumber give Jenni Plumber a call....

Chris at Jenni Plumber is my PFL - plumber for life.
He came to my house because water was seeping out the wall.
I thought it was coming from the pipe to the yard hose but he insisted on looking behind my fridge, even though I was sure it was the pipe not the fridge.
When he pulled the fridge out, there was the unused ice-maker water line - it had perished in the heat and was leaking between the inner and outer walls.
He disabled the line and solved what I thought was a devastating cracked pipe problem in under an hour.
I'm so grateful for a plumber who didn't listen to me but did a very thorough investigation to find what was really wrong.
Fantastic service and trustworthy.
Single women are often prey to unscrupulous people - not with this guy.

Horrible experience.
Called last Thursday to set up an appointment for this morning at 8am.
8:04, still no plumber.
Called them and they tell me he is stuck in traffic and will be here in 30 minutes.
No way.
Had he left early enough he might be 10 minutes late but 30, absolutely not.
He didn't leave 'till 8.
I said even if that's true, it's not but let's assume it is, why wouldn't you call me?
No answer, no apology.
So the "plumber" shows up at 8:28 and I say "you're 30 minutes late" and he said "28".
What a dick.
No "I'm sorry", such a prick.
So, their job is to shut the water off at the street, 9:15, this moron still can't figure it out.
Have to wait another half hour for his boss to show up.
Finally the water is off, takes 90 minutes longer than promised.
What a laughing stock.
This company sucks.
Their service levels blow.
Avoid them at all cost.

The worst company ever.
They were 40 minutes late and no call, no apology, and they couldn't even turn the water off to do their work.
The dopey tech had to call his boss to shut the water off for him.
Finally two hours later and the work began.
They left a hose bib open which flooded my yard, the street, not to mention the water bill.
Ugh....they are a nightmare.

When you fail a customer (e.g.
showing up 40 minutes and not even taking the the time to call) the first thing you should say is "I'm sorry" not go on a rant about how bad the customer is.
Thank you for proving my point.

I've used them twice, and both times they instantly figured the problems out, fixed them for a great price, and I haven't had repeat issues sense.
Friendly, Knowledgable, and quick on the job!

