Tried this place yesterday and it was great ....
I had a nice lengthy review going,  but it got deleted... grrr  I'll rewrite this later

Negative.
Food was totally bland until i ate a retadro pepper that burned my tongue so i couldn't tell it was tasteless.
Decent delivery time but yea, no.

i always get delivery from them when i'm at work.
their lunch specials are so cheap!!
and the amount of food they give you, is a pretty good amount for the price!
its pretty tasty too.. not bland like some other restaurants!
the delivery driver, which i think she's the lady who answered the phones, is very sweet!

Great Chinese spot to try.
Pricing is fair and food is great.
There are not many other like options in the area and there really is no need.
If your on the fence I would check this place out.

tearable service and poor quality food, would never go back

I must qualify this review.
I didn't make the call to China Ginger expecting Wing Lei type food.
I just wanted some local chinese take out.
Quick.
Easy.
Somewhat edible.
This spot is pretty close to my house, and I always pass it on my way to and from work, so I figured I'd give it a shot one night.
Not a lot of Yelp love for this place, but that's ok...it can be our little secret ;)  Some dishes that are decent: chicken with black bean sauce, chicken lo mein, and anything with chow fun.
All are excellent choices.
I also love that the food is always hot and ready for pickup within 10 minutes.
As I said in my first paragraph, this isn't five-star, hard core, authentic Chinese food.
It's just easy, simple, take out.
And it's good for that.
Something I missed in Arizona.
If you want real authentic Chinese grub, hit up the spots on Spring Mountain, or go to Wing Lei, or even Wazuzu for fine dining.

I got to give this place 5 stars because I don't know another place where you can get a decent sit down lunch for 2 people and keep the bill under $15

We ate here the other night and had a very decent, cheap, Americanized Chinese meal.
They were extremely friendly and treated us well.
The food was good and cheap.
We ordered the family meal, which I guess is for about 4 people, and it was just two of us, but we love leftovers.
It comes with two bowls of soup, 4 wontons and 2 egg rolls as well as 2 entrees.
Both soups were very good, the wontons and eggrolls were fried goodness and the entrees were sloppy sweet chinese food, exactly what we expected.
I might go again, but not for awhile.

Growing up in the Upper Midwest we had two basic types of food - normal food and Chinese food.
Normal food was anything your mother could cook at home, which included Italian, Mexican and the cultural staples of a largely Scandinavian and German population.
Chinese food was different because most families could not make it at home unless they used those nasty supermarket brand La Choy products that made you want to misbehave so mom would send you to bed without supper.
If you wanted Chinese food and you didn't want to toss your cookies, you went out to eat.
Every town of any substantial size had a Chinese restaurant or two, all offering AYCE buffets so everyone could get exactly what they wanted.
It didn't matter which restaurant you chose, because they all tasted the same.
Naturally, as soon as anyone escapes the confines of the frozen tundra, they are surprised to discover what "real" Chinese food tastes like.
Some choose to reject this new cuisine as an imposter and run back to their sheltered concepts, while others will embrace the discovery and begin an adventure to see what else can be found down the rabbit hole.
If you are visiting our great city from those upper plains and you want to find that Chinese food that is so adored by the hordes of Midwesterners, check out China Ginger.
This place will make you feel right at home - the chicken is thin and stringy like a worm, the beef is tough and sinewy and feels like tapioca in your mouth, the shrimp are pathetically small and harder to bite through than a fruitcake.

I love combination fried rice and some places make it good and some don't.
This place did a great job on it and it was reasonably priced too.
I walked in and placed a togo order.
Service was VERY fast and it was hot and fresh.
I will definitely go back.

I guess the 2 stars I gave it mean: I've had better, I've had worse....
Complete disclosure here, I tried this via delivery, not eating in their establishment.
The plus to that, it was delivered hot and all tasted fresh.
It's just the taste was a little on the flat side for me.
I like the kick in food, it doesn't have to be spicy, but flavorful and this is how I break down what I tried:  Beef broccoli - something about it didn't taste right.
I'm used to the oyster sauce being a little more umph-y  (that's my word for umami) the savory just wasn't there.
The meat was tender, broccoli crisp but just lacked zing and zap.
Singapore noodle - Again, lacked something.
I ordered WITH the curry sauce and even with that, it still didn't have quite what I was expecting.
Decent amounts of chicken, a few shrimp and veggies.
Good, but not POW, smack you in the face great.
Teriyaki chicken - This was actually good.
At least it slapped my taste buds awake after the first two dishes.
All in all, not bad, you'll get pretty much a typical Chinese meal, it's just in my opinion, I've had better.

Here we go: Went for the lunch special.
I got beef with mushroom, $6.25, hot n sour soup, house salad, fried rice, n fortune cookie.
What a deal!
Meat was tender, rice was killer as Ryan H. said in his review.
Wife had Jalapeno shrimp and chicken, $6.95.
Chicken was very tender, sauce sneeks up on you, very good.
Same sides as above.
Food arrived HOT, not room temp, major plus for me.
Place was very clean including restrooms.
I think they would be busier in a better location.
They are kinda stuck behind other stores in a strip mall.
Service was prompt and friendly.
Decor inside was very nice, did not expect that in a strip mall place.
Did I mention the fried rice was killer?

Avoid this place, get a TV dinner it'll be better!
We ordered chicken fried rice, pork lo mien and sweet and sour chicken.
Those three things came to over $25 and they "forgot" to include the free dim sum, which is probably best since their food is horrible.
The sweet & sour chicken was the worst I've ever had.
The meat had a funny aftertaste, the outside was dry and way to much of it and the sauce tasted like rancid candy.
It was obviously made with canned juice... we could taste the can.
The sauce was in a tub on it's own which was fine but the dozen or so battered chicken pieces came on a bed of slimy raw vegetables.
There was so little meat we would have felt ripped off for what we paid for this dish even if there had been a decent amount of the chicken.
The fried rice was mushy and tasted more like steamed rice with soy sauce on it then fried.
There was no egg in it and the vegetables in it were under cooked (my guess is strait from a bag of frozen mixed veg and not cooked first) and the meat had that funny after taste in addition to being slimy and gummy like it wasn't the first time it had been reheated.
The lo mien was really really greasy, the chicken in it was all badly cut up and most of it was in a solid clump on the bottom.
It looked like someone tried to cut up a chicken thigh but never made it all the way though the meat.
Again, the meat had that weird after taste (like it was reheated in the microwave) and it was slimy.
The delivery took over an hour, the food was barely warm, the delivery guy himself was pleasant enough but that's not saying much when everything else was just horrible.
We would never eat food from this place again!

I have been here a few times.
Each time I went the food was actually really good, so I decided to order catering, being that the food was really good and the service was good the last few times I went.
Apparently the service changed, and this is where they lose me as a customer.
A few days ago I tried to order catering from this company for a small party.
My husband had gone into the restaurant 2 days prior to me ordering, just to check out the catering prices.
They had a new menu posted on their wall inside the restaurant, the man at the counter even pointed it out to my husband and said "these are our new catering prices".
The prices on the menu had the tax included on them, so we knew exactly what to expect for our budget.
My husband even took a picture on his phone, and showed it to me when he got home.
So a few days later, I called them and kept the order simple, ordered five trays:  two types of rice, two types of meat and noodles.
When the lady on the phone told me the total, I was in awe!
I did the math by the prices on their new menu, added the delivery charge, and tax, and the order was way off....by almost $70!!
When I requested that she repeat everything back to me, she broke the charges down by what I ordered and the prices were NOT what they had posted on their menu, they were higher.
I confronted her and told her that the charges she quoted me were not the prices that  they had on their menu and that my husband was in there a few days ago.
She laughed and said that is not what they have on their wall.
When I told my husband the total he was enraged.
My husband got on the phone and asked to speak to a manager.
A guy came on the phone, let my husband tell him the problem, and then said "We give you special price" and quoted him a different price, that was still higher than what they had posted on their wall.
My husband said "That is not what you have posted on your wall in your restaurant, I was over there 2 days ago, all we want is the price you have advertised".
The man said that they cannot give us that price, he didn't even explain why.
The man on the phone sounded like he didn't even care, he didn't even try to help us.
So we told them no way, and cancelled the order.
They have lost me as a customer.
I am not going back there.
If they screw up like that, it makes me wonder how future orders would have been for me.
I'm not asking for much.
I just wanted some good chinese food for my party and now I have to start from scratch.
There are hundreds of other restaurants in this town, and I am definitley going somewhere else!

We went there after driving by one day and I ordered a Chinese chicken salad.
I was in shocked!
It was huge and amazing!
I love the dressing they give you for it too.
My husband ordered shrimp chow mien and that too was delish.
We will definitely go back.

Well, we were the only table on a Friday night at 7 PM... enough said..... service was quite good

I went in for lunch on a whim.
The menu is very standard Chinese.
That is always welcome to me.
The decor and atmosphere was a cut above most Chinese restaurants.
There were comfortable booths and pleasant lighting.
The food was well executed and they had home made hot mustard.
Next time I'm craving the old standards I will definitely go there.

I didn't even get to eat.
Walked in, stood there for a few minutes, nobody said anything.
One of the employees looked right at us and didn't help at all or tell someone else to help us.
All in all, we sat there for 5 minutes at the host stand and nobody helped us so we walked out.
Good luck to the next person.

Food was not good.
It was gross.
Every dish we ordered was disgusting.
Go someplace else.

A regular in my delivery rotation, the menu is standard Chinese of which I've tried several different dishes and had good luck.
Chicken Lo Mein, Beef with Broccoli, and Orange Chicken are a few of my regulars.
Ordering is available online and I've found their delivery times to be quite good in the Spring Valley area.

Ehhh my mom was craving Chinese food so I decided to give this place a go since I had a buy 2 get 1 free entrée coupon.. Called in my order and they said it would be ready in just 10 minutes so that's a plus.. fast food!
When I got there for some reason I had trouble finding the main door LOL I thought it was on the side somewhere by Nagoya.. Any ways.. they didn't seem too happy that I had a coupon..
Which, by the way, saved me $10 so yay.
I wasn't really hungry but I did sample a little bite of each entrée : -Chicken Chow Fun Dry: It was ok... flat, thin, long rice noodles pan fried with soy sauce, onions, bean sprouts & chicken.
-Beef & Asparagus: way too salty -Orange Chicken: It's deep fried & coated with a sweet orange glaze.. of course it's tasty but so is Panda Express haha  -Steamed Rice: They gave us 3 large containers of rice which was way too much but a plus since some places don't include rice..
But the rice was a cheap quality rice.
-To-go containers: I like their plastic Tupperwareish to-go containers.
Prevents spilling and leakage.. AND they are re-useable haha   Anywho..
This place is not really worth checking out.
The prices aren't even that low for take out quality food..
HOT TIP: Look in your mail for Valpack Coupons.. that's where you'll find their buy 2 get 1 free entrée coupon!

I just ordered for delivery from this place using Eat24/7, First and last time I order from this place....yuck!!!!!
Greasy and no seasoning, tastes like old food.

Our visit was very pleasant.
We usually go for some delivery for a quick hunger fix, however we decided on dining in.
The general atmosphere is very quaint, relaxing, and subtle.
This was a slow night, so I didn't expect a loud experience, however the colors of the establishment complimented the decor well.
Anyway, grub time.
The food was pretty good for the price.
My SO ordered the house lo mein and I decided on a skillet-like steak entree.
The pan seared potstickers we received were a little crisp and full of flavor.
The house lo mein looked pretty standard, however it was not greasy at all and tasted pretty good.
My sizzling steak entree looked amazing, however the bamboo shoots overpowered the sauce and the meat.
My mistake for not asking the full ingredient list though.
The service, compared to most Chinese places, is very nice.
The staff was very fast about drink refills, and stopped by to check if we were doing alright.
I manage a high volume restaurant, and was pleased that despite the place was nearly empty, the service was spot on.
One more thing, the bathrooms are spotless and look great.
Most typical places like this are so dirty you could catch the plague from sitting down, however China Ginger is very clean.
We will come/order here again.
Fast service, friendly smiles, good food, clean.

I'm not much of a blogger but, here's my first one.
This was my first visit to China Ginger and it might be my last.
The man at the counter was very nice a tried to help me make a decision.
I was trying to not get anything fried with the exception of fried rice.
My order was pork fried rice with NO CARROTS( not that I  don't like carrots), steamed dumplings, chicken and broccoli NO CARROTS, and free sesame balls for making an order over $20.00.
Complaint #1, There were carrots in everything I ordered without carrots.
Complaint #2, Seems like the sauce for the chicken and broccoli and the sauce they use for the fried rice was just plain old soy sauce ( very lazy!).
Complaint #3, The "free" sesame balls the threw in were flavorless, It was like biting into fried nothingness.
The center was filled with something, I couldn't  make out what it was.
I wasn't sure if it was fish paste, chocolate, or some kind of meat puree.
I ate one and threw out the rest.
What ever it was, it was just a waste, Complaint #4, The one main entrée I order, which should have been enough for at least 3 to 4 normal portions( not over eater portions) was hardly enough for 2 people but too much for 1.
Complaint #5 ( wow, I didn't think I would get to 5) The steamed dumpling looked and tasted like the were out of the frozen food section at Walmart.
I don't think I have ever had worse dumplings than this in my life, And I've had some pretty bad dumplings.
Btw.
served with the same soy sauce as the fried rice and chicken and broccoli.
The positive, the guy who took my order was nice.
When I started to write this review I gave China Ginger 2 Stars.
After reading what I wrote, I think one star is too much.
I will not be going back

Wow, what a disappointment.
I really wanted to like this place because it is less than 5 mins from where I live.
But I am sorry to say that the food was some of the worst I've had.
The fried chicken wontons had too much soy sauce in it and was soggy and very salty, the fried rice was very greasy tasting and again too much soy sauce, it was the darkest brown fried rice I've ever seen, the mongolian beef was extremely salty and the pad thai was salty and greasy.
Overall the meal was pretty much inedible.
China Ginger decrease the soy sauce and maybe the entrees won't be so salty, also decrease the amount of cooking oil used.
Sorry but I won't be back.

Our visit here was pretty good.. Great service!..
Our drink orders were taken immediately.
The soup and salad came quickly which were both pretty average., good but just like any other Chinese restaurant.
We ordered the orange chicken lunch special, Kung pao shrimp lunch special and an order of BBQ pork Lo mein.
Our food was very tasty and fresh off the wok.
I only gave 4 stars because they did not offer noodles with your lunch special, even if you substituted the rice or wanted to pay extra.. Idk about you but I love Lo mein more than rice.
After all, I give this restaurant an  8 out of 10!
Defiantly a bang for your buck!

I stumbled upon this place one day when I was craving for real Chinese food, and because it was the only place close to my house.
I am giving them three stars to start because I wasnt that impressed with their food, they were a little too salty for my taste buds and a bit greasy too.
The staff were pretty nice and polite though, the service was fast too it was just the food can be improved more.

The veggie salad was bland, fried rice was nothing special, lo mein had no flavor and the sweet and sour shrimp was just weird.
Clearly not my favorite Chinese delivery place in the Lakes but probably the fastest and most friendly.

Yuck!
Everything I ordered tasted gross :( I've been here often years before and this was my first time back in over 2 years.
I didn't complain.
I sucked it up, paid the bill and will never be back.
Only good thing about the place- cheap beer.

