Always good.

The drive thru wait is so long, I had time to log onto yelp and post a bad review.
It's been 20 minutes guys...

Their service has improved tremendously and the staff is very upbeat and proactive.

This place is conveniently located at the corner of my street and the staff has always been consistent with my drinks.
I only encountered one instance when the my drink is ready and the girl just placed my drink on the counter without calling out the drink.
She seems not engaged in her work.
Other than that, the place is clean.

Great service, great coffee.
Just no drive through.
Smaller lobby area

Close to home, convenient and consistently good.
Baristas really know their stuff at this locale.
Boulder city is not the friendliest.
You need to a local fir them to recognize you.

very small sitting area, lots of students who study here.
free wi-fi, they've got a drive-through.
parking can be surprisingly full depending on the time of day.
bathrooms are pretty clean, staff is nearly always friendly.

I'm here almost every day.
I love the barristas.
Love love love.

Venti Awake Tea Latte non fat sweetened with splenda is the way to go!!
come on its starbucks... who doesnt like them?

When you feel nothing to do, you can come here.

I was in the area and my friendly Starbucks app told me the address and Siri led me here.
There's a drive through, but I parked and went inside anyway.
I like the personal touch better,  My order was taken quickly and was made immediately.
The staff was personable and best of all, I used one of my free drinks from Buckys for my afternoon caffeine fix.
That's what I call a win win.
If I'm in the area, I'd definitely stop here.
It's not too far to go from/to the 215.

Busy Busy Busy.
This place is always full.
Lots of outdoor seating though.
Typical Starbuck quality and perkiness, the location is the best!

It's a Starbucks, so it's about the same as the rest.
It's better than most, but they have they issues.
I've had problems with my to go orders, and sometimes inside, the workers (at least one) can be lazy in terms of checking on the stock of items.
For example, I was working in store and watched as the last chocolate chunk cookie was sold.
I asked if they had any in bank stock - which they do usually have - and the girl immediately said "no", I kindly asked her to check, with a slight annoyed look she did and said they were out.
So went about my business and when I came back for my beverage, they had more.
Yeah.

Really wish they would mix up my green tea latte.
Seeing bits of green on the sides plus a line of green powder on the bottom & getting chunks thru my straw was not my best Starbucks experience

The drive thru is fast to the point that there is almost beer a wait no matter the length of the line.
They've never made my drink incorrectly and used to be my go to establishment when I lived on this side of town.
Fast, friendly and accurate.
Hooray, coffee!

This is probably my second favorite Starbucks in Las Vegas.
They are usually pretty quick, but they do have their days which is understandable.
A couple of times they have noticed I was in line for a significantly long time and gave me my drink on the house.
Today they were out of a sandwich I wanted but happily gave me a free brownie (who could pass up a free brownie!).
They also gave out samples of there new cookie a few days ago (a huge cookie might I add).
And the people here are sweet and awesome.
I am so glad this is the Starbucks by my house, thank you guys for being so amazing!

Came here twice since I was staying nearby.
One evening I came in and asked for decaf coffee which they didn't have but the young female Barista said no problem I'll make a fresh batch for you.
I was taken back BC usually other locations won't be as customer service oriented to this was a pleasant surprise.
Second visit was after hitting the gym up and I tried the strawberry smoothie which hit the spot after a decent workout.
This location has a drive thru if you're in a pinch for time also.
Thanks for the great customer service and quality that I expect from Starbucks!

Great customer service, love their drive-thru and cute patrons if I do say so myself ;-)

This is by far the best Starbuck in the entire area, super fast and if they get behind, the always offer an apology and a smile.
I live closer to one inside Vons and the other location on Horizon and I drive here for my cappuccino.

The absolute slowest Starbucks drive-thru I've ever been through.
Been through it 3 times with only 3 cars in it each time and it's take 15-20 minutes to get through it.
With only 3 cars in line!
I could see that with maybe 10 cars but not 3 each time!

I cannot express how disappointed I am with this Starbucks.
80% of the time I go there, my drink order is wrong.
I typically get an iced soy chai latte with light ice.
It's not overly complicated.
The drink is always written down correctly, but for some reason, the execution of the drink is too difficult.
Once there was an occasion where I ordered the iced drink, and it came as a hot drink (in a hot cup).
It happened twice where I just got an iced coffee (no soy).
So not only is my drink wrong, but I'm paying more for the drink that I ordered and didn't receive.
I don't want to have to go back twice to get the drink that I wanted in the first place.
This location is typically really busy, but some of the baristas are in no particular hurry.
You would think if it's busy that you would have a little pep in your step.
Also, in regards to the soy/milk mix up, I've seen the baristas pour regular milk in to the steam cup labeled "soy".
Wouldn't that be bad for someone has an allergy?
For a chain that is so popular, you would think they could make drinks correctly at a decent pace.

My go-to Starbucks when working in the Hendo area!
Definitely always busy and a lot better since the renovation!
Drive-thru is one of the slowest, much recommended to get out of your car and go inside!
Can't complain for always satisfying my coffee cravings!

love i love starbs omg i cant love i love starbs omg i cant love i love starbs omg i cant love i love starbs omg i cant love i love starbs omg i cant love i love starbs omg i cant love i love starbs omg i cant love i love starbs omg i cant

Lost for words here...  Well, ordered two drinks and one of them was a Grande Green Tea Frap.
Right when she was about to place a lid on it, she had dropped it in the sink.
She picked it up and had poured it into a different cup...((-o-;))  Btw, this was right before my very eyes, if I may add.
Placed a lid on it and handed to me... What I ordered was a "Grande" now has turned into a "Tall" due to a loss from the spilled.
If she had asked me for a replacement, OR even ask me if it's ok...I'd be fine.
I fine this disgusting and very unprofessional.
I know they're busy with the whole drive-thru orders stuff and remaking an order wastes time.
Well, STARBUCKS !
It's not putting in that extra time, you could lost extra money from a loyal customer who has been coming to for years.
I hope my next visit is better.

