The best Dr I've been to.
He's a perfectionist & made sure my prescription is right.
He also cured my eyes.
I've been to other optometrists but they couldn't see that my eyes were inflamed & irritated.
I've been to 2 other optometrists within 3 months.
They were not good and I ended up with 2 totally different prescription glasses.
Which I still were not able to see well, so that's how I found Dr. Ha.
He did not prescribed me the first time I saw him because my eyes were so inflamed & the cornea were so bad.
He gave me some eye drops to put in for two weeks to cure them.
My eyes are so much better after the 2 weeks.
Only after my eyes were better then he can prescribe me the lenses bc i won't have the correct rx if I got them while my eyes were ill. After the two weeks, He gave me some new contacts to try for this dry weather, and told me to wear less colored contacts bc they were too drying & that can damage my cornea again.
Again, I wish I've found him sooner.
Dr. Ha is the best.
Not to mention he's very friendly & down-to-earth.
We need more Dr like him around whose enjoys their jobs.

This is a great place to come to if you are in need of an eye doctor.
Dr. Ha is amazing with his patients and remembers even the smallest details even if you only see them once a year.
They are in need of an update to their frame selection, as I have been going there for 5 years.

Dr. Ha and his staff are outstanding.
I've been going here for 4 years and will continue to go here as long as I live in the valley.
I bought my current pair of Dior frames from here and always get compliments on them.
Dr. Ha provides genuine service, remembers details about your life, and makes you feel really comfortable.
After I quit my job and lost my vision insurance, he offered a cash discount on my lenses which was really accommodating.
Also, his staff took accountability and called me when it took over 1 week to replace my lenses because they ordered to incorrect lenses.
Although there was a slight delay, I was impressed by their ownership for the error.

After 3 visits there, I went to get a second opinion.
The second opinion stated my eyes were not overly dry and I should not have been using the steroid drops, that different contacts work for different people and if I wanted to stick to the ones I liked that was fine (they told me to try their recommended brand), and that my prescription was off.
Further more, while they offer safety glasses, they do not keep up in terms of new styles and frames.

Full disclosure, I am not a paying customer.
I was visiting Las Vegas and lost a screw in my Rx sunglasses.
Vision Source was the nearest optometrist, I stopped in, and the nice folks there replaced the screw with no charge, and in a friendly way.
I was very appreciative for this.

Friendly staff, huge selection of glasses and styles, new and modern equipments.
Dr. Ha is very courteous and professional, very patience and he's a perfectionist!
he made sure i have the right prescription before i leave his office.

Great service, friendly staff, many selection of brand name frames.

