This is specifically for the service department at People's Mazda.
I would give negative stars to these jokers if I could.
While navigating through one of the countless construction areas here in town, my wife had to go over a trench plate that was laid completely accross the driveway to her office.
It turns out that the construction people had not removed the loop used to lift the plate and so it dinged against the bottom of her car's chassis.
After that, her car started making a horrible screeching sound whenever the AC was turned on, so she took the car into the service department at People's Mazda to see what was going on.
They reported that the entire AC compressor had to be replaced, which would run upwards of $2000!
She told them that she'll have to think about it and went back home.
They told her that they'd hang onto the part that was causing the noise, but that she needs to get it taken care of ASAP.
Oddly enough, the AC was working just fine on her way home, so I decided to go to the service department myself to retrieve the part that they had removed "For her safety".
It turns out that the part they had removed was a metal shroud that covers the AC Compressor and it was just slightly dinged!
I fixed the damned thing myself by straightening out the dent with an 8 dollar mallet and it's working great to this day.
I just could not believe that these shady mechanics would try to take advantage of my wife like that.
1) They decided to take off the piece meant to protect her car "For her safety" 2) They had the nerve to suggest to her to file a bogus insurance claim to have repairs done that did not need to be done and probably would not have been done anyway!
This is the kind of behavior that gives honest mechanics a bad name.
I cannot stress enough that people should avoid this place like the plague.

I've been so busy this year that I've missed almost 3 oil changes and I was in serious need of general maintenance :(  My normal routine is to drop my car off and catch their shuttle service to work.
So...to make a long story short I find out the program was cancelled.
Nooooooooo!!!
I've almost always used the same service reps (Pete and Doug), and although we don't really know each other, we've made small talk and they recognize me after a couple minutes of talking.
He grabs a mechanic and has him drive me to work.
A huge relief for me because I wouldn't have been able to leave my car there, it REALLY needed to be serviced, and I don't know when I would have had the time to come back.
He thanks me for being a loyal customer and to not worry because he'll make sure I'm taken care of.
It felt really good knowing that he cared enough to make sure I wasn't going to be late for work - especially when he didn't have to.
I'd say the big advantage to this economic crisis we are in is that businesses, even big ones, are more willing to go out of their way to ensure they keep their customers.
I'm not giving this place 4 stars because of this one incident, I'm doing it because they have always treated me with kindness, kept in touch with updates about the car, has always returned it in much less time than estimated, and they went above and beyond during my most recent visit.
I will continue to come here as long as they keep this up.

ownership has changed and now it's called courtesy mazda.
the GM's name is harold and he's the biggest scum-bag you'll ever meet.
if you need to buy a new mazda don't buy in Vegas.
both courtesy imports in henderson and courtesy mazda in centennial hills are under the same ownership.
they will find every hole possible to rip you off.
and promise you things verbally only to forget about later.
(even if you have them write it down they'll lie / try to get out of it)  fuck these scumbags.

