This is my favorite bar in Red Rock Casino.
Mainly because it's low-key and off the beaten path and away from most of the foot traffic.
It's small, just a short bar with a handful of comfortable seats positioned about.
And there is a piano set-up with a guy that plays it, along with a guitar, and sings lounge songs.
Provides a nice ambiance and sound as you enjoy your drink.
They offer a menu of specialty drinks, as well as cigars paired with certain cognacs.
The martinis and cocktails offered are all strong, yet delicious.
The Onyx Breeze is basically candy in a glass!
Multiple rums and juices...it packs a wallop, but it's not overly strong in taste.
Their margarita is very tasty too.
All of their specialty drinks are $10.

I've always wanted to try this place, but every time I come by wanting a drink, they're closed.
I did some research and found out that they open around 5pm.
Was watching the Notre Dame vs Michigan game this weekend at the Red Rock Sportsbook (great game I might add) and realized it was after 5pm so I figured I would tip toe over there for a drink.
Onyx Bar is located in the eastern part of Red Rock casino right before you get to the shopping area and the stairs that take you down to the check in counter and the lobby bar.
Every time I walk by this place, I always think that it would be a nice place for couples to hang out, take someone that you just met and or getting to know or else discuss some business.
But I just came for a drink.
The bar is in an open area and its seating arrangement is great for people watching or else to just cozy up with a drink or two.
The bartender was really nice and made good drinks.
First drink I had was a Midouri Sour and the second I took back to the sportsbook was a Raspberry Mojito.
Both were amazing and came in large glasses.
(but I did have to ask for a large glass) Drinks were not expensive at all.
Nine bucks (which included the 1 dollar for the extra alcohol)  I like this place and will definitely be back.. Maybe with a date!
(smile) Hmmm...

My all-time favorite casino bar.
Always receive outstanding service, never overcrowded, perfect location for spectating, great selection of libations, top notch mixology, and a classy bar design.
I love to stop here for a couple bourbons and just relax.

I have been to this bar before and had a great time and great service... Last night, there was one waitress that was also the bartender.
She didn't even come back after we had our first drink....
Drinks were ridiculous in price too..We moved bars !

Not a bad bar.
Servers were nice, attentive, and attractive.
Came in around 7 on thursday and wasnt packed so had plenty of attention and a great time.

Needed a place to meet a friend for drinks and he suggested Onyx.
When I got there I was expecting a little more suaveness.
What I found was a bar that is basically in the casino.
No walls to separate the two.
And the dinging of the slot machines can get frickin annoying.
Oh and did I mention the awful cigar smoke being blown in our faces the minute we sat down?
Of course none of that is the actual bar's fault.
The bartender made a mean martini and he was friendly and attentive.
I had two Hendricks Martinis and they were perfect.
My wifey got a chocolate martini and an espresso martini and my buddy also went with the Hendricks Martini.
We were feeling good and we didn't want the party to stop.
It was Sunday night and we shut that mother down!
Feeling good and tipsy, we decided to quit while we were ahead.
You know the saying about martinis: "One Martini, Two Martini, Three Martini ..
Floor!

Lucky to stumble into the Onyx Bar when Daniel Park was performing.
Is there no end to this guy's talent?
Maroon 5, Coldplay, Bruno  -- he can do 'em all -- and he has his own amazing tunes, too.
Releasing a new CD in September.
Anyway, back to the bar.
It's a favorite for meeting up with friends or on a date.
Caveat:  It's not cheap, but you get entertainment with drinks.
One shot of Grand Marnier with a bottle of water is $21, plus tip.
Their Side Car will knock you sideways if you're not careful, it's cinnamoney smooth.

Fridays & Saturdays.. Daniel Park is usually playing and he knows how to get the crowd going.
The bar tenders are Lucas and Joaquin, they always provide exceptional service.
Joaquin makes the best blueberry tarts so make sure to get it from him.
Try going there 8:30ish on weekends so you can grab a seat because the house is usually packed!
A few locals join the fun..
Either sing or even play a few instruments.
Its a fun, cozy atmosphere and the crowd is usually fun.

Love this place.
It's a laid-back little lounge in the back of Red Rock Casino and it's nice to just have a glass of wine and listen to the live music there.

Always a good place to grab a couple cocktails!

Always a great time and a great crew at Onyx!
Try Joaquin's "Coconut Thing"; it's about 1200 calories, but OMG so good!

