Here is a copy of the letter I wrote to Banfield.
After adopting a dog I signed up for the senior wellness plan.
I originally thought it was a great idea, but my experience with Banfield has been anything but.
From the first day there has been nothing but problems in regards to communicating how the plan works, effectively treating my dog, misdiagnosis, and finally communicating the severity of his health.
The vet misdiagnosed my dog Benny.
Benny was consistently given allergy medication and steroids which only made his scabies worst.
Once the vet realized Benny had scabies, he refused to treat him with a common heart worm medication that would have solved the problem.
I had to spend a lot of money to take him to the  dermatologist, when the regular vet could have done it.
I was eventually refunded the cost of the visit to the dermatologist, but not refunded the money spent on unnecessary medications and treatments.
I just left it alone.
After that vet left my state, he was replaced by another vet.
She seemed nice.
But one day Benny was not doing well.
It was literally overnight he became ill.
I took him to see the new vet who was now his regular vet.
She did a blood test and determined he had developed IMHA Immune Mediated Hemolytic Anemia.
She nonchalantly told me it was "sorta serious" and gave me prednisone.
I asked "can we give him something else because this steroid makes him pee a lot , and he pees everywhere in the house?
"  As a vet her job should have been to explain the gravity of his illness in a way that I understood how serious it was.
She did not.
She should have told me "get your dog to the ER he is dying!
" But she didn't, so I waited for a few days so the prednisone could start working.
But it didn't, he collapsed 3 days later and went into a seizure.
I rushed him to the ER and he stayed there for 5 days!
Had I been advised properly Benny might be ALIVE with me today, because every minute counts.
Yesterday would have been his 1 year anniversary since I adopted him.
Instead I have to deal with his 1 year anniversary of his death on January 31, 2013.
I waited for a while before writing to Banfield because I wanted to have a clear mind and make sure I was making the correct decision.
He passed away January 31, 2012.
It will be 3 months since he passed, in a few days.
I am so disappointed with the constant problems I had in dealing with Banfield from the first day.
I will never recommend you to ANYONE.
I had adopted another dog because I know Benny would want me to give another dog a loving home, like he had with me.
I loved him as if he were my child.
We spent $4,000.00 on the ER visit trying to save his life.
If the vet would have done her job correctly he may still be alive and I may not have had to spend the $4,000.00.
This is not including the yearly cost for the plan of $40.00/month and the money spent on the wrong medications and treatments.
I would like a refund of all my money spent using Banfiled's inadequate services.
I would also like refund of the money spent on the ER visit.
Because if she would have told me how serious his condition was, I would not have waited a minute longer to get him to the ER on the proper medications that could have saved his life.
Every minute counts and those three days I waited may have given him a fighting chance, but I was not properly advised of his condition.
So I waited because the vet showed no real concern for his health.
She down played the severity of his health.

Here is an update to what has happened.
I was never contacted from the client advocate team for Banfield.
Instead I waited for over two weeks and finally called after several unanswered emails.
Then they actually transferred me to the location I was complaining about and had the vet responsible for my dogs death speak to me.
The Vet that is responsible for my dogs death!
They have offered no resolution for the situation.
Pathetic.
They couldn't even tell me what the resolution procedure was.
DON'T waste your time with Banfield.
Nothing but problems and are very test happy.
They want to do a test for everything.
They always try to upsell your visit for a bigger vet bill.
I am so disappointed and they won't take responsibility for their screw up.

Love the doctors and staff!
Great crew!

I take my sweet kitty here.
With the Banfield health clan, it's surprisingly inexpensive.
All visits and prventatives free, other things at a discount.
The vets here have been good to him, and are very accomodating to my constantly changing schedule.
I'm always having to call back and reschedule his appointments, but they don't whine about it.
Recently, my kitty has been going here a lot, due to a corneal abrasion that is very slow in healing.
They have been super gentle with my baby, and have insured that  not only does he have his antibiotics; he has painkillers as well.
The only thing I'm not a huge fan of is that they rotate vets.
I kind of like him to see the same vet every time.

This place is really slow on helping you out.
I went in for an appointment with my dog.
I went up to the counter checked in with the consultant and she told me to have a seat.
I sat down on the benches they have before escorting you to a waiting room to see the vet.
After waiting about 30 minutes i finally got into the room and i sat for about another 40minutes to wait.
The vets assistant came in took my dogs temperature and pulse.
She walked out and told me the vet would be with me shortly.
If by shortly they mean having to wait another 20minutes.
The vet walks in to examine my pet.
Takes my pet to the back and brings her back within 15 minutes.
And by the time i pay and get my medicine for my dog from checkin at 830 i left at almost 11.
And their was not many people i would say me and 3other pet owners.
Ive gone to the animal hospital up on Durango and dessert inn and in and out within 45minutes.
By the time i check in till the time i walk out the door.
I would say tho the staff here at the ban-field at the petsmart are very friendly.

The vets do a good job with my pet, but the girls that work the desk are complete and utter idiots.
They make reminder phone calls on canceled appointments.
They make appointments for things that were just done the week before.
Even after I canceled my health plan with them, they  call me about appointments they've made FOR me the DAY before it's scheduled.
For YEARS, I've had to coach them on how to do their jobs over the phone.
"It's right there on your computer screen isn't it?
" "Oh yea there it is..teehee"   My pet has always been healthy so I don't have a health experience to rate.
Other places have the same prices and the same experience of doctors, so dealing with a place that can't even keep the books together isn't worth it.

I don't usually write reviews like this but I'm furious!
I took my puppy to take care of some kennel cough and banfield charged me $55 for a weeks worth of amoxicillin!!
I went to a vet on my side of town and the amoxicillin was $7 and it was 2 weeks worth!
Shame on banfield animal hospital I will tell everyone I know about the kind of crooks they are

I am only giving two stars because of the actual vet herself.
Jade Tenberg was the first vet in four years to spend time talking to us about Gidgets skin condition.
That's another story though.
We are thankful to her for actually caring about her condition and our talking to us about our options.
It is the front desk that is ridiculous and not just one time but every single time I have ever had to call.
If you make an appt.
I highly recommended calling to confirm what day and time they actually scheduled you for.
I would also recommend calling to confirm what they put down for the reason for the visit.
So far I have had to correct them almost every single time.
The other issue is the check in and check out time.
They are sooooo slow and have no idea what they are doing.
Bansfield should be embarrassed.
As far as the wellness plan it is over priced and a scam.
You are better off going to a regular vet not inside of a Petsmart.
Today was the final event and I am calling to cancel my plan with them and finding a different vet.

The actual vets and technicians are very helpful and caring.
The front desk people are kind of all over the place though.
I do recommended the wellness plans.
Totally worth it.

