Elegant room with very good service In the J.W.
Marriott, but the food was not up to par.
We ordered a salad to share, but were told they would charge $5 to split it in the kitchen, but the waiter offered to bring a 2nd plate for no charge - the salad was extremely small for price.
My had salmon on a plank with only a wedge of lemon and a small slice on onion.
I had seafood over fettucine in a boring cream sauce.
The chef apparently is afraid to use spices or even ground pepper.

For the price... you can do much better.
The food was good and the room was elegant, with amazing service.
I think of it as a good date place if you have money to blow and want to try to impress someone.
There are plenty of better places to go in Vegas.
Since its in a casino, they don't seem to have a dress code, despite its the kind of place you would expect to have one.
The place was nearly empty when we walked in... perhaps that was a clue that we should not have stayed.

My boyfriend and I went here for dinner because we bought a gift certificate for cheap on restaurants.com.
The ambiance is lovely, old Vegas style with Frank Sinatra playing and private booths.
The food was fabulous and the martinis were strong and delicious.
I wish we would've found this place sooner because we just moved to Henderson.
It's pricey as restaurants like these tend to be but it really stands out in Summerlin in my opinion.
Not much to find up there in fine dining.
Go here for a decadent night out to celebrate an anniversary or equally special occasion, you won't regret it!

Very romantic night out at The Carmel Room.
We were seated in what the host called a cove and it was almost like a private dining experience.
I had the filet (medium rare) and my husband went with a lobster tail.
Both cooked perfectly... My steak literally melted in my mouth.
Also, order a soufflé at the beginning of your meal -- the server told us it takes 30 minutes to prepare.
That soufflé was so rich, I would have waited an hour for it.
All in all, a perfect evening with incredible food and perfect (but not overbearing) service.
I'd go back every day if I could!

I should give this place another try.... but my first and only time there I walked out.
I have never walked out of a restaurant.
However, after the host sat us, no one came to our table for 15 minutes.
No water, no menu, nothing.
And it was not like they were all that busy.

not a fan...   i have been there twice.
the first visit was about 4 years ago and i thought it was over priced for basic grub.
the second time was this evening and i stand behind how i felt 4 years ago...  i will say that the place has a great charm about it.
it is beautifully furnished, decorated and elegantly lit.
the food does not live up to the beauty of the restaurant.
you have an over priced salmon sauteed in butter, capers, and salt.
the first couple of bites are delicious, but then the butter starts to settle in and that's it...   my grandma gets the stuffed shrimp dish and absolutely loves it.
they also offer steaks and lobster.
if i were ever to go back, i would stick with the appetizers (crab cake, lobster bisque, and fried asparagus)   as for the dessert, that's where to 2 stars come to play.
i absolutely LOVE their souffle.
you have your choice of chocolate, vanilla, or both flavors combined.
other than dessert, you can get a better tasting meal at kona grill or cheesecake factory for a quarter of the price.

I ate here about a year ago.
Service was excellent, food was actually pretty bad.
I ordered a filet medium that came out medwell and with no seasonings to speak of.
The auhgraten potatoes tasted like old baked potato diced up and thrown in a pot of Cheddar cheese ...
I was shocked.
My wife and I paid alot for sub par food.
Outback does better for cheaper on a bad night.

Nice classic dishes with a nice classic decor.
A little pricy IMO but that's to be expected with a restaurant like this.
The service is nice and management is always present on the floor.
I only wish the food was as entertaining as the service or as pleasing as elegant as the decor.

If you are not in the mood to drive near the strip for some old school Vegas food, drive up to this place in Summerlin and have a seat.
This species of restaurant is dying because of the change in taste from old school dishes to more modern fare.
Don't sigh and scroll down just yet; despite the mixed reviews, there is something to read here about the Carmel Room.
First, the fact that it's in the JW Marriott in Summerlin is honestly surprising, given the fact that this restaurant belongs in a shabby shopping strip near hotel row.
Carmel room is unexpected, a somewhat hidden gem basked by the glow of slot machines and paved with tacky carpet.
Once you enter the doors of the restaurant, you notice the private table seating and the old school restaurant layout.
From fourteen glasses laid out for every drink made by man at each table setting, to the waiters in the old school black and white uniforms, it's really entertaining.
Their menu is just as classic, with seared scallops served on the shell to fish over creamed spinach.
What I am a sucker for is escargot, and they have it--with a twist.
Although their old school food is passe, they do try to make it a bit modern to up the ante.
For example, their escargot appetizer is shelled escargot topped with little discs of buttery puffed pastry instead of a side basket of french bread.
Their scallops are seared perfectly and served on the shell, and if you order the steak, it's all on it's own on a hot plate with the sides in those cute carafes.
Overall, the meal is nice, the food is a kick back to the old days, and their location is interesting.
I liked my first experience here, and I would honestly go there again just to show a friend or two this place.
However, the food itself, although done right, wasn't enough for me to return as a regular like I do at other old school stops in Vegas.
Don't listen to me--find out for yourself.

Las Vegas offers the hungry carnivore a plethora of options from bargain steaks to chains like Ruth's Chris, not to mention the "fine dining" options, so it's not a matter of eating a steak meal that is the challenge, but finding the restaurant that suits your tastes and expectations.
I am neither a steak novice nor a steak snob - I simply believe a good steak is a good steak and the restaurant's décor/name has never influenced my taste buds.
From the moment we were greeted by the host to the banana foster dessert (made in front of us, flames and all), everything was good.
By the way, there were 3 types of bread in the bread basket - our favorite was the white chocolate macadamia bread.
Yep, warm white chocolate macadamia bread.
We ordered the Beef Wellington, Prime Rib (16oz), mashed potatoes, and the asparagus with hollandaise.
The Wellington was perfect - crisp flaky pastry on the outside and juicy steak baked inside - it's what you would expect.
The prime rib was advertised as 16oz but my expert eye (and stomach) says that it was at least 24oz - I could barely eat half of that beautiful slab of meat.
The prime rib was trimmed perfectly - cut by somebody who obviously knows meat - and cooked by a wizard.
The piece of meat had perfect marbling without having chunks of fat that needed trimming - no more than 3oz of fat trimmed off of a 24oz steak...amazing.
They do have a nice wine list, but we weren't in the wine mood; however, we did have the crab cake (1 per order).
Upon the first bites of the appetizer, the conversation went something like this: Me: "Hey, where's the usual bread crumb and celery filler?
" Wife: "Oh my gosh - it's practically all crab!
" The crab cake was definitely a pleaser, and one of the best I've had.
Just to offer a comparison, my wife ordered the crab cakes at Serendipity 3 (Caesars), and it was just plain fishy and gross.
I went to dinner in jeans and a nice button up shirt, though my wife was dressed up for dinner.
Unlike some of the pretentious restaurants on the Strip with their hoity-toity dress codes, the staff at The Carmel Room treated me like a valued customer despite my casual appearance.
If you are looking for a nice cut of meat cooked perfectly to your request, then you really can't go wrong with The Carmel Room at the JW Marriott/Rampart Casino.
YMMV but the experience exceeded my expectations in every way, and I'm the type of diner that goes in half expecting the worst to prevent disappointment.
It's an old school kind of place - class and charm without a hint of novelty or reliance on anything other than the food.

Having had a rather stressful week for both of us, hubby & I decided to indulge in a nice restaurant - but not near the strip, not on a weekend.
So, we read up on Carmel Room and decided to make reservations there.
First, let me say that we're old.. not Luddite-Old, but still old.
However, we looked around in dismay at all the grey hair in that restaurant as we were walking in and we both thought the same thing.. ut oh.
Oh, and our reservations weren't necessary.. apparently the dinner rush there is between 4 and 6, based on the few late owls still there at 7 ;)  We were eventually seated when the hostess finally got off from chatting on the phone and our waiter took our drink orders and left.
Another waiter came over and removed the decorative plates that had been on the table, and our waiter returned with our drinks and we ordered two appetizers - beef carpaccio and escargot.
The Beef Carpaccio was good - not the best ever, but still good.
The Escargot, however, would be best recommended for someone who doesn't like Escargot.. because they wouldn't have found any flavor to be offended by.
ANY flavor, whatsoever.
Hubby's Porterhouse arrived with his two sauces, peppercorn & bearnaise, on the side.
My Chilean Sea Bass was also served, along with a shared side dish of Smoked Creamed Corn.
First, he had to cut forever to find actual meat in the porterhouse - it was 90% gristle or bone.
It was cooked perfectly medium rare, at least.
Then he tried the bearnaise sauce, and declared it to be scrambled eggs.
I had noticed it was rather orange and lumpy looking, so I wasn't surprised.
The waiter took it away, saying it would be removed from the bill (along with making a nasty face at my hubby while forgetting that I could still see his face).
Hubby also said the peppercorn sauce was odd tasting, like it has some strange sweetness that didn't go well with the sauce.
Our waiter said there was bacon in the sauce - we concluded it must have been maple bacon but it was only a guess.
It also got removed from the bill.
The Smoked Creamed Corn wasn't very smoky, but it was good.
My Chilean Sea Bass was delicate and seemed to be cooked perfectly.
However, my stomach was upset as we were leaving the restaurant and it took a few hours before it calmed down.
Something was off, and I'm afraid it was my fish.
For $135, including tip (no drinks, just water) we could have had an excellent meal almost anywhere else.
Or we could have spent $35 and had a better meal almost anywhere else.
No, we won't be back.

My husband and I came here to kick off restaurant week and...meh.
The service was slow and the food was just okay.
For as high as their prices are the food should be much much better.
When the 33 dollar filet arrived with 3 sad looking pieces of wilted asparagus my husband asked, "is this it?
" sadly yes.
I did enjoy the sea bass (mmm!
) and the filet was perfectly cooked.
But there are just too many restaurants in Las Vegas to waste your time here.

Not only did we get the wrong soup, after 1 1/2 hours our food was served cold, over done and was missing our side dishes.
We wound up leaving an went to another restaurant.
Oh by the way, did I mention it was our 20th anniversary?
So disappointing.

My wife and I travel to the strip on a daily basis, and we wanted to get away from the monotony of it all, so we chose this local spot.
The door man/host was extremely friendly.
As soon as we arrived, he immediately took my wifes arm and guided us through the doors, to our seats.
He sat us in a secluded "booth" of our own, which made our time spent there much more romantic and pleasurable.
Our waiter Andre was great.
A bit outspoken, but very entertaining non the less.
We brought our own bottle of Champagne, which was immediately put on ice and chilled.
For an Appetizer, we ordered Crab Cakes.
They were large.
I would have liked a textural contrast from the outside of the cake to the inside, like a nice crisp.
They weren't the best we've had, but they were decent.
For our entrees we both chose the Filet Mignon, which were cooked to absolute perfection.
I had their bleu cheese, that originally comes on the filet, on the side.
It was great in small portions.
The entrees didn't have much else other than the protein, so I would definitely recommend ordering a side or two.
For dessert, they sent us a chocolate cake, that had "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate, which was a perfect ending to the meal.
When we finally received the bill, they didn't charge us a corkage fee, and we thanked them so much for that.
We really appreciated the service and all the time spent making us feel not only comfortable, but happy to spend our money there.
Thank you for making our night a special one.

Tarique, the ambassador out front of Carmel Room is the reason I will come back here.
Mind you, I was more in the 'let's see what's around here' mode, and sauntered by.
Their 3 course Prix Fix looks like a solid and tasty deal, if on the heartier side.
As it happens, we ended up down the corridor for a light meal.
But then, the idea for dessert kicked in.
I don't want anyone to get into trouble, but Carmel Room was a serious consideration and Tarique pressed on with his sincere and welcome 'Let me help you.
' The bottom line: he delivered big-time.
And next time round, I will make a point to have dinner at Carmel Room.
Customer service means a lot, and they have it there in spades.

Hubby and I spent the weekend at the JW for our staycation/babymoon.
As locals, we know where the good old skool, classic Vegas steakhouses are and this is not one of them, although it tries.
The decor is beautiful.
It is very elegant.
The staff was so so...
The waiter was hard to understand at times and was very lax.
It was like he didn't jive with the atmosphere.
There was a few people near us that he spoke to as if he knew them as usuals and seemed to have a different attitude with them than with us.
The food was good, but very overpriced.
For the same prices, I know of much better places to eat.
My hubby had the lobster bisque and porterhouse.
They were good, but I have had better for the same or lower price.
The porterhouse was cooked nicely and seasoned well, the potatoes on the side were boring, the lobster bisque was rich and tasty and was even finished with brandy tableside for a quick 10 second ooo-ahhh.
I had the bibb salad which did have very good dressing on it, but seemed very small.
I had the stuffed shrimp for the entree.
The shrimp/stuffing was delish, but the angel hair pasta was kind of gummy and soaked up the sauce.
Wonder if it sat too long while the steak was cooked...
The desert was just ok. We ordered a cheesecake with the berries/sauce on the side since my hubby isn't into that part.
We received cheesecake with berries/sauce on top and then a scoop of vanilla ice cream with the same topping.
Not sure how 'cheesecake with berries on the side' got confused for this.
Since the server was less than to be desired already, I just ate it.
Being pregnant, I woofed it down and sort of didn't mind the extra dessert I guess.
The main complaint was that I was the one who set up the weekend since hubby has been busy and the vacation was more for me and I got what I wanted.
When setting up the reservation they asked if we were guests or if it was a special occassion.
I told them yes to both and that we were celebrating our upcoming arrival of a son.
No mention of it during our dinner.
No cute dessert with the congrats written in chocolate on the plate or anything.
It was a dissappointment.
It is our first child and my hubby is super elated when it is mentioned so I was looking forward to seeing his face when a congrats came up.
Oh well.
I won't be back, but if you are staying at the JW and have the money to blow, it might be worth it to you.
Carmel Room and Spedini are the only options other than a buffet or cafe with your standard food.

Ate here last night with a good friend who accompanies me on many of these culinary adventures so his opinion is solid as well.
He ordered the onion soup and Beef Wellington, I had the Lobster Bisque and Salmon dinner.
Smoky creamed corn was our side.
Everything was very good.
My salmon had a few veggies underneath and a lemon butter herb sauce that was delicious.
Cooked to perfection.
Lobster bisque wasn't the best I've had, but lots of lobster inside.
My friend enjoyed his onion soup and his Beef Wellington....wasn't the best ever but very solid.
A couple of strong cocktails accompanied the meal.
$115 not including tip.
I noticed their ribeye price was $36 which is pretty fair for a 18 oz portion.
Atmosphere here is classy steakhouse, it wasn't very crowded so it was a nice quiet meal.
Staff was attentive.
No issues here.

1st visit to the Carmel Room at Rampart.
We celebrated a 50th Wedding Anniversary with parents, kids, grandkids & cousins, and had a wonderful evening!
I really appreciate all the terrific elements to the celebration, from the library room that fit our party perfectly, the excellent and attentive service, and the special touch of the manager stopping by periodically to check on us.
The awesome Mr. T. & Staff made a point of making sure the Anniversary courtesy cake was presented at just the right time.
[I've called ahead to other restaurants (like Ruth's Chris' in Crystal City), and asked  to add a special touch to the celebration, even bringing in cake ahead of time only to have the request botched, and the post dinner attitude indifferent.
]  On the contrary, The Carmel Room's Mr. T. made a point to double check details like correctly spelling names, and was very helpful when adding more people to our party at the last minute.
Everyone we met on staff was wonderful!

I had Thanksgiving dinner there in Nov. 2013.
Worse turkey I have ever had!!!
I would never have a holiday dinner there again

Yummy, yum, yum for my tummy, tum, tum!
My hubby surprised me with a nice dinner out at the Carmel Room as an "I Love You" present.
Ahhhh, so sweet!
It was especially nice because this was the first dinner at a non-family friendly joint we have been to since my daughter was born over 2 years ago!
Oh how I have missed steakhouse steaks!
We popped into the Carmel Room because it is close to grandma's (aka the babysitter) house.
It was also a good choice for us because it is off of the Strip.
Restaurants off of the Strip are so much easier because of the parking, shorter walking distance, less crowds, and better prices.
The Carmel Room is a steak house and we racked up quite a bill, but it was still less than it would have been at one of the trendy places on the Strip.
I like the Strip places too, but it is so much easier to not go down there these days.
We walked up to the maitre 'd and were greeted so warmly.
He was so funny and just started us off on the right foot.
We were seated at a super comfy table and were automatically welcomed by our servers.
All of those guys were so friendly and had us laughing and enjoying ourselves right away.
All through the meal we had fun and happy people around us, as well as crazy good service.
It is so nice to have nice people and amazing service when you are out.
It really makes the meal, in my opinion!
The interior was very pretty and comfortable.
They had regular dining areas, as well as private areas all around.
It wasn't too crowded, which was nice because who wants to listen to other people when you are on a romantic date?
It was a very nice restaurant to sit back and enjoy a great dinner.
My only thing I would rate on the negative side was the sound level.
It was nice and quiet for the most part until the lounge act went on at a neighboring bar.
When they got on, it got really loud with bar band music.
It wasn't horrible, but I could have done without it in a steakhouse setting.
For dinner, we had crab cakes for an appetizer, 16oz boneless rib eyes with sautéed wild mushrooms and herb butter, truffle mac n' cheese, garlic mashed potatoes, and we finished it off with a Grand Marnier soufflé.
Everything was fantastic!
The crab cakes were full of big hunks of crab and served with a very tasty sauce.
Both of the steaks (we are boring and ordered the same thing) were super tender, and melt in your mouth tasty.
The mushrooms were cooked perfectly and really added to the steak.
The herb butter bumped up the flavor another notch or 2 as well.
These were some great steaks!
The truffle mac n' cheese was good.
Not the best I have had, but pretty yummy.
The garlic mashed potatoes were very smooth and creamy.
I do wish the serving size was bigger though because I love mashed potatoes almost as much as love my kid!
I also ordered a side of Béarnaise because it is AWESOME.
The Béarnaise here has to be one of the better sauces I have had at any steakhouse in recent memory.
Oh, and the soufflé!
The soufflé was absolutely delectable!
The soufflé was so light and fluffy!
Then the sauces made it even more fabulous.
The sauces were a milk chocolate sauce and a vanilla Grand Marnier sauce with some fresh whipped cream thrown in for good measure.
Everything was super flavorful but I was in love with the vanilla Grand Marnier sauce.
I could have drank the whole container of it because it was THAT GOOD!
Drool!
The place does skew a little on the more mature side of things.
I know we were the youngest people in there, but we didn't mind.
Being a more mature crowd, it made us more relaxed and comfortable.
If you want a nice steak dinner without the hassle of going to the Strip, I would recommend the Carmel Room in a heart beat!

We  dined here a few days ago for our first wedding anniversary and sadly the $50 Rib Eye Special that the waiter talked up to us was a waste of money and my dinner.
The entire thing was grisly and rubbery.....very hard to eat.
I took most of it home (aside from the pile of chewed up pieces I left on the plate) and I tried to make something out of all the meat by cutting it into thin slices, but it was still so grisly that I couldn't eat it.
Usually the food has been great here and the dining atmosphere is very romantic, but this visit was a huge disappointment, especially for our first anniversary =(

I really want to give the Carmel Room five stars and I DO for service, which is always above and beyond most restaurants we've been to in Las Vegas.
HOWEVER, the menu changed last summer and my husband and I both feel the food is just not as good as it used to be.
We have been "regulars" for years and loved the beef Wellington, the table side spinach salad, and other classics.
I understand that change is sometimes necessary but in this case the food seems to suffer.
The steaks, in particular, are just not as good as previously.
The olive tapenade was a treat.
Having said all this, the beef filet IS consistently good as is the chocolate souffle.
Sure wish the old classics would be added back to the menu.
Oh, and what happened to the wine specials of the month?
A "special" denotes a good wine for a "special" price, not a good wine for over $100.

We dine here fairly often and find both the food and the service consistently great.
We were there last Friday and I had the delicious lobster tail, DH had the prime rib which he loved but could nowhere finish, (our waiter joked it was their version of man vs. food) and my son had the mixed grill.
Now he is not usually a meat eater but raved about the tenderness of the filet, and LOVED the scallops!
We cannot go without ordering the mixed souffle and it was sublime!
But one of the best parts is both the service at the table and the maitre'd Terry!
Terry remembered a special event we recently had in our life and had their flourless chocolate cake sent to the table as well.
2 desserts and 3 people and we were stuffed!
That cake was amazing.

