Kobe just barely deserves three stars, and here's why.
The food is a wild mix of "I've had much better at Shogun Express", to "Wow!
This is really tasty.
"  The service was another mixed bag.
Our server wasn't on the ball, but some of the others covered for him.
I'm not sure exactly how long they've been open, so the service may improve.
Overall, I feel comfortable saying that you don't get what you pay for.
Last night, my wife and I met a friend at Kobe for dinner.
We started off with an order of Gyoza; it was served warm-ish.
I almost sent it back to be heated up, but had a feeling they'd just throw it in the microwave.
The flavor was good, but nothing special.
Our Gyoza was followed by Ginger salads and Miso soup.
As our friend said, Miso soup is tough to mess up.
It happens, but not often.
Luckily, Kobe's was just fine.
As was the salad, which consisted of iceberg lettuce, a cherry tomato, a couple strands of carrot, and the only thing capable of saving such a pathetic salad, some yummy ginger dressing.
The ladies ordered sushi and both really enjoyed their rolls.
As I'm not a sushi eater (I know, I know, shoot me now!
), I can't really comment on the quality other than the girls' reactions and comments, which were mostly (if not completely) positive.
I, on the other hand, ordered a cucumber roll and the teriyaki chicken and steak combo.
A cucumber roll is another one of those really difficult things to screw up.
There's was just fine.
The teriyaki dish was the worst teriyaki chicken/steak I've had in recent memory.
The meat was a dry and the rice was either over cooked, or had been sitting out too long like the Gyoza.
For desert, we ordered a mango sorbe and a vanilla tempura (read fried) ice cream.
Neither were anything to write home about, but neither were bad either, which is exactly how I'd characterize the restaurant.
Although I didn't try the entire menu, my recommendation is that you stick to sushi and miso soup.

Benihana style restaurant with good Sushi and Tepan cooking.
You'll get the usual fare:  terriyaki, tempura, and sushi, but the food is well prepared and the presentation was very good.
Not an inexpensive place, however.

It was OK... the sushi wasn't that fresh.
I liked the inside... we ate in the sushi area.
The other side looked like Benihana.
Nothing terrible.

Came here for lunch with coworkers... it was very busy so I though this might be a good place for sushi after all.
Unfortunately I was wrong.
I ordered the Tuna Tataki salad and a side of chicken fried rice.
The flavor of the dressing of the salad was very good and what I am used to tasting.
My problem is with the tuna that was in the salad they were rather large pieces so you had to bite into them... you pretty much had to wrestle with it.
Just not the quality of fish I am used to eating.
The chicken fried rice I had was awesome, I think it might be one of the best I have tasted.
Others I were dining with had the veggie tempura plate which I did try and was very good.
Fried sweet potatoes, carrots zucchini, etc.
Others had the sushi rolls and their thoughts on the fish were about the same as mine.
I would go back, just not for sushi.

Oh my god, this place was abysmal.
My dinner partner and I had planned on going to Sushi Eye for happy hour last night, but after driving up and down Elliot 4 or 5 times without finding it and with the end of happy hour quickly approaching, we finally pulled into Kobe out of sheer desperation.
Biggest mistake ever.
So, the hostess asks us whether we want sushi or teppan, and we say sushi.
Then, sushi bar or table?
We've got some talking to do, so we say table.
Once we're seated at a table with menus, our eyes pop out of our heads when we see the sushi prices.
Like, we're talking $8 spicy tuna rolls.
So we ask the waiter whether there are any happy hour specials.
He says, "Yes, but we only have happy hour at the sushi bar, not at the tables.
" Hmm, okay.
So we move to the sushi bar and ask for a happy hour menu.
The waiter says, "Oh, you mean happy hour sushi?
I thought you meant drinks.
At the sushi bar we only do happy hour drinks.
If you want happy hour sushi, you have to sit at the main bar.
" So, we've been there for 3 minutes and moved twice.
Not exactly auspicious beginnings.
It only got worse from there.
There are two happy hour sushi specials: spicy tuna roll and california roll, both $3.25.
We were starving so we ordered two of each, plus Kobe tofu and pork gyoza (both also on happy hour special for $3.25).
It was the worst sushi I've ever had, and I've had a lot of sushi.
The california roll was horrendous.
It was 95% imitation crab and mayonnaise, with teeny slivers of cucumber and brown avocado.
The spicy tuna roll, though not as actively offensive as the california roll, was boring and mushy.
The Kobe tofu was bland and had an oddly spiced dipping sauce - eating it was reminiscent of eating McDonald's chicken nuggets dipped in sweet and sour sauce.
And not in a good way.
The pork gyoza, though, was wonderful, though at $3.25 for 5 of them, it was not enough of a bargain to warrant a return trip.
And all, the while, since the place is (for whatever reason) really busy, we're stuck at the end of the bar, where we have to listen to the world's most obnoxious waitress prattle on to the bartender about how she's soooooo tired of all these women glaring at her because they think she's after their men, and how she wants to "get a t-shirt that says, "Honey, I'm not after what you've got because I've got my own stuff to deal with at home.
" Wow.
Witty.
Anyway, this place is awful and I'll never be back.
Luckily, we finally found Sushi Eye on the way home (hiding sneakily between a Quizno's and a Baja Fresh, if memory serves) and hopefully we'll have a more pleasant happy hour experience next week.
Sigh.

I cant say that I really enjoyed having lunch here today.
The sushi was so so.
The mushroom tempura was actually pretty tasty, everything else, not so much.
I never really pay attention to the prices when I eat sushi, so I can't tell you how expensive it was.
I can tell you this - I have had better.
I think this is the first time I have had sushi that I couldnt actually taste the fish in the heavy sauces that were used.
The tea was really good, I didnt have to add sugar to it, which is not the norm for me.
I didnt have any drinks, which I should have, because I was already having a horrible day.
Kind of disappointing, I had been looking forward to this place since I saw them putting it in a while back.
Probably wont go back.

I am shocked to see such a low rating for Kobe and Benihana gets more stars?
Seriously?
I noticed most of the reviews are for sushi here and I have only had tepanyaki.
We had a great experience here.
Granted the miso and salad are nothing to rave about, but are they ever?
You don't go to tepan for miso and salad with ginger dressing.
My experience here was better in every way, shape and form compared to the Benihana in Scottsdale, but thats a whole other review.
We were seated promptly and or drink orders were taken while we waited 5 min for our table to fill up.
They took our orders as we were ready to give them and we waited for our chef.
He was seriously a lot of fun, I wish I could remember his name!
They might charge an extra $2 for fried rice but the free saki shots made up for that.
Our food was prepared perfectly as ordered and we got the standard flipping food at someones mouth and one of the better onion volcanos I've seen.
I'm sad to see this place have such a low rating as my experience was great!

I had never been here before and was really looking forward to eating here with my wife and daughter.
We were part of a 16 top table of friends seated at one of the Teppanyaki tables.
Now, those who know me say I'm a patient guy, but this place really tried my patience.
They did not disperse enough menus for the whole table and my wife, her friend and I sat her for FIFTEEN FRIGGIN' MINUTES waiting just for a menu.
Finally I personally got up and walked to the host station and grabbed the menus myself.
BTW we still haven't placed a drink order yet.
That happened about ten minutes later as I looked at my watch and noted it was just shy of a  1/2 hour before we even placed our drink order.
With that said, my Saki Bomber wasn't delivered for another 20 minutes.
In short it was just shy of an hour to get drinks and order!
Are you friggin' kidding me!?!!?!!
My wife ordered iced tea and they brought no sugar - another 10 minutes watching the ice melt.
If not part of a large party I most definitely would have got up and walked.
On that note, one of the gals saw my displeasure of the near hour long drink order and delivery method and said to me, "Yea, the service really sucks here, you're kinda at their mercy as to what they want to do...but I love the Tepp Chef.
" Eeeek, boy, wrong kinda love I thought.
Anyhow, the prices are a bit up there but you get a lot for it.
They all include a cup of Miso soup, a small salad, a shrimp appetizer, rice, hibachi vegetables and your main course cooked in front of you.
Now to be fair, the abysmal non-existent service from the beginning did pick up almost to pace.
I was even asked for a new beer before the other was finished = which shocked me.
The food courses were rolled out timely.
Miso soup was good but not great.
It was very hot and flavorful but the tofu cubes were smaller then an eraser head.
The salad had if I recall correctly, a ginger vinaigrette and was small but decent with a single tear drop tomato in it.
You also got a shrimp appetizer which was cooked by the Tepp Chef on the flat top.
The shrimp was very good.
What I liked about these courses is that my wife doesn't like miso soup OR shrimp so I got both of hers - shoot...swish.
I ordered the scallops for my dinner with double hibachi veg and no rice.
I was pleased that there was an abundance of scallops and they were seasoned and cooked perfectly.
My wife ordered the chicken and it was absolutely terrible- dry and tasteless.
Now the real value at this place and my only guess as to why ANYONE would venture to dine here are the Tepp Chefs.
They are extremely entertaining.
I got a real kick out of the Japanese chef speaking Slang Spanglish and the comedic value of this seemingly flying over most peoples head.
This guy was really funny cool man.
He did the whole onion volcano bit which is always entertaining.
He made me slap the backs of my hands together like a friggin' circus seal and beg for a shrimp bite which he tossed up at me in the air to catch with my mouth, and when I did he squirted, from one of those squeezy type ketchup or mustard plastic bottles, sake into my mouth as a reward.
That sake squirting gag was a gas man as he squirted it into the mouth of a woman at the table but kept doing it for like 7 seconds as it all dripped out of her mouth and onto her chest and shirt - funny stuff.

I kind of liked Kobe.
The teppanyaki has always been great.
The sushi is often hit or miss.
I used to be a somewhat regular there, living through the meh sushi to get the good.
What stopped me going there completely, besides discovering Sushi Eye not even a mile away, was an event that happened one Saturday.
My husband and I were sitting at the bar like we always did when an off-duty waitress showed up with a puppy she had just purchased.
Not only did she take the dog to the sushi bar, but stood right next to us at the end of the bar so the sushi chefs could pet her new pooch.
The manager joined in on the doggy loving and then took her and the dog to the back, towards the kitchen.
Granted, there was probably an office back there, but do you really want a dog in the kitchen where your food is being prepared?
Granted, this happened at least a year or two ago, and I called the county health department, but I haven't been back since.

The problem here people, is that sushi should be had at a sushi restaurant when in Arizona.
Not Kobe.
Try Sushi Eye down the street for that.
Waiting for a table to fill can suck.
Getting squished into a table of 8, when you only have 2 sucks too.
For teppanyaki, this place is a-OK for a while.
Once you eat here a few times, you start to realize that not all the chefs can actually cook.
You have to find the chef you like, and stick with them.
Also, after a while it all tastes the same.
This place is really good, when you have not had it in a few weeks/months.
Salad and soup, not so good.
Tell them to keep it!
The cooking experience can be fun for someone who has not been there before, or for children.
Who doesn't love a beating heart made from fried rice, or a fire shooting train when the lights are dimmed?
Overall its good.
Nicer place than Ichi Ban.
And way way better than the local Benihana.
(Not sure why the Benihana in AZ suck, they are great in CA)

I have been to Kobe many times with big groups of friends.
While I've had great times at this place everytime I've been there, I think it's more the company than the restaurant.
Since I usually to go to Kobe with a large group (8 or more), they always make us wait to be seated until everyone gets there... even if we're just waiting for 1 last member, even when we've called in reservations.
That can be very annoying.
The sushi is pretty typical... not outstanding, but good.
The teppan dinners are also pretty typical, they use quality ingredients, but the meals are wayyyy overpriced.
Plus, many times, I've tried ordering certain cocktails from their menus, only to wait 20 min, have the server forget about the order, then tell me they don't have the ingredients to mix the drink.
Quite a bummer.
Plus... if you go to Kobe for a birthday, be prepared to fork over $5 for their "Birthday Special", where the wait staff comes out to sing their birthday song, give you a piece of cheesecake (kind of random for a Japanese Steakhouse), and take a snapshot of your group.

Kobe (Koe-Bay).
We haven't been to one of these places for a teppan performance/meal in quite awhile.
We last went to one about 3 years ago in Boston.
Prior to that was about 5 years ago in Denver.
Before that was Cleveland about 9 years ago.
Based on that, look for another teppan review late in 2012 from either Chicago or Seattle - I haven't decided yet but the fares are good that far out.
Our chef Gabriel did a nice job on both the food and the performance.
There was plenty of throwing things in the air, spinning various implements around, flashes of fire, smoldering onion volcano's and tidbits tossed to the folks around the table who tried mostly successfully to catch as well as our dog.
Gabriel also rewarded folks with a nice shot of sake from his squirt bottle.
I actually had enough of these to have a nice sake buzz going.
That's right - I catch food like a dog better than the other folks at the table.
A fact I'm not sure I should be proud of.
I ordered the filet & shrimp.
It came with miso soup which was fair and lacking very much tofu, a small and plain salad with a pretty mild ginger dressing, grilled shrimp appetizer and white rice.
This is the only teppan meal I have had that does not include fried rice - it is a couple bucks extra.
I opted for the fried rice which was pretty good.
The shrimp (both the appetizer and those that came with the main course) were tender and tasty.
The filet was not as tender but still tasty.
Overall, not a bad deal for the meal & show.
I frankly have grown a bit weary of these but it is fun to go with kids or teppan virgins.

I love love love this place.
I usually come here with a group of friends and we do the "Teppan Style".
I love this place more than any other teppanyaki place.
My food is always good and I have always had a reallly good cook with a great performance.
I can't wait to go again.
:) Yummy!
The only thing I have a problem with is when we go there with big groups the waitresses tend to take your order and then disappear.
They are nice but sometimes hard to get back.
I like to always have a drink available and I like it when they check on me.
I guess it's hit and miss.

I do LOVE this place.
It's not as expensive as teppan restaurants back home (California) and the food totally works for me.
But let me break it down...  Service: I've never had a problem with the hosts, but sometimes the servers take a while.
Now, mind you, this isn't EVERY time, just some of the time.
But you don't come here if you're in a hurry, anyway...  Drinks/Food: I'm not 21, nor am I endowed with a "fake" ;),  so I can't say anything about the drinks.
But the food...ahhh, so good.
Portions are big, which is good for leftovers!
Most dinner meals come with miso soup, steamed rice (which can be exchanged for fried at a slightly higher price), salad, and the entree itself.
I think the sushi tastes great.
I order the Buddha's Delight every time and I'm not disappointed, except...  -Sometime's the food's a bit greasy.
Even the vegetables.
Just tell the chef to go easy on the oil and butter.
I know that people don't come here to eat the healthiest meals of all time, but still.
-I am about 90% vegetarian and don't eat the meat.
BUT!
When I do try it, it always seems a tad undercooked.
I try bits of steak, shrimp, or chicken (aka whatever my friends are having) almost every time I'm here, so yes, I have experience, and yes, it does taste a tad undercooked almost every time.
Price: The meals *average* about 25/person including tax, but not tip.
Lunches are cheaper.
The average I listed above is assuming you get the typical teppan meal, which most people do.
Sushi and other appetizers aren't priced horribly, either.
Your actual bill per person could be higher, but probably no more than 60 - there's lobster on the menu.
I'd be very surprised if it was that much, though.
Decor/"feel": It's dark in here...not too lively.
Somewhat interesting Japanese-style decor (well, duh) I don't really care, though.
I come here to EAT!
Entertainment value: As a 20-year-old who's been to many different teppan restaurants HUNDREDS of times, I can say that this place is no different than any other.
There are some cool chefs here, of course (I like Chris)...but unless you're a teppan n00b or a little kid you're not going to be enthralled.
I will say it once again though: I personally do not care.
I'm hungry.
OVERALL: Great place to eat, fun with a group, but make sure you talk to your chef and that you're not in a hurry.
Awesome.

Pretty good teppenyaki.
The show is fun and worth a visit.

The focus here is mostly on Tepanyaki, but their sushi and rolls are equally notable.
The prices are a bit on the high side, so we only really go here for special occasions.
Their fish quality has been good on every visit and their rolls are the closest thing to perfect that I've had in AZ.
Also, they have pretty great happy hour specials and there is usually plenty of room in the bar for dining.
I recommend this place over and over again and I definitely would consider it number one for sushi in the valley.

The steak and shrimp combo is so yum o!
Its one of the few teppanyaki grills left here in the east valley.
Their sushi is really good too.
I usually order the rainbow roll, not to big on sweet sauce or cream cheese in sushi.
The lobster is and kobe steak is awesome!
The prices are not bad considering the amount of food you get and the sake being sprayed at you... very entertaining.
The kobe I believe is american kobe... its way too inexpensive to be japanese kobe.
All in all one of my fav places.
They have great lunch specials also!

3.75*   Had our holiday party here.
It was fun and a different version of the 'Benihana' schpeil.
Here comes the asian ketchup...beating heart fried rice, shrimp tail in hat....Here, there's a little less skill at the table, but much more FIRE...and Alcohol...our chef would sporadically say SAKE SAKE!
and try to squirt sake from a small squeeze bottle in everyone's mouth from a distance.
Not all ended up in your mouth unfortunately.
No one wanted to get pulled over reeking of sake, so most opted out.
Definitely fun to watch though!
Food was better than I expected.
Everything tasted fresh and had decent flavors.
The interior of the restaurant isn't as nice as a Benihana, or Sapporo, but at least the price reflects that.
It is fun and believe it or not, maybe a little less cheesy than Benihana.
Great for groups!

Happy Hour Review...  We stopped in to check out the happy hour.
The HH menu is very limited.
We decided to skip the weak food options and just have the $2 sake.
For cheap sake it was not too bad.
The decor is nice and the staff were all dresses in kimono type dresses.
I would come back to try the teppan.

Okay... so I think the food is really, really good here, what with the use of all of that extra sweet, salty, delicious creamery butter that they add to everything to cook it in front of you... so very, very tasty... and heart-stopping!
But tasty, oh, yessss...
Here's the thing, though - the food is not consistent.
We had a party of 6 and shared the table with another party of 4 and everyone had a different protein.
So on our side, there was one who ordered chicken, two with scallops, one with shrimp, and two with filet.
The chef comes out and gets to work on rice: some had fried and some had steamed.
Steamed was served first and the bowl of rice just sat in front of the customer as there was nothing to go with it yet.
Then the fried rice was cooked and served, but again, that food sat untouched.
Scallops were cooked first and distributed to the two people who ordered them, but veggies were not cooked yet and no one else's food was either, so the scallops sat on the plates, untouched.
Next was shrimp, then filet, then finally chicken, and THEN veggies.
when the Veggies were finally served the chef scooped from a large pile of sauteed vegetables and started serving the table from the inside out, so the first three people on either side of the table got the large chunks of vegetables, and the people in the outer three chairs were served what was left, which was little slivers of overcooked, mostly onions.
By then my scallops, which were seared to perfection, were cold, as was my rice.
The food was very tasty and seasoned correctly but most of my food was cold when I was able to finally start eating.
For $25 a plate there's gotta be a better way than this, doesn't there?

I've been meaning to review our experience for a couple of months and here it is.
We bought a TravelZoo Local Deal for the $25 Theater-Style Teppanyaki or Sushi Dinner for 2 at Kobe (Chandler, AZ).
It was plain awful.
They completely bait and switched on us and treated us like second rate customers.
What began as either sushi or teppanyaki to the tune of $75 (we opted for sushi) turned into a fixe prix three course menu with extremely limited choices, none of which added up to the said dollar value.
Not only that, but they sanctioned off a separate room for travelzoo local deal diners.
A dirty room with no music, a new waitress-in-training who didn't speak english, a supervising waiter who apologized for the obvious bait and switch, stating the owners wanted to make it "simpler and more organized" when clearly they were trying to save a dime.
After we showed our surprise to the unexpected change, we had very little attention or service for the rest of the night.
We had to basically beg to get the bill so we could leave.
The food honestly wasn't even good, some was just plain inedible.
It was a depressing experience and I suggested that travelzoo never partner with that particular restaurant again.
I also suggest that you find another more palatable place to dine.
Plenty of other choices in town, no need to see for yourself here.

I go for Rotary on Monday afternoons.
The service we receive is FANTASTIC, however the food is marginal.
We have a set menu so I can't comment on everything, but sometimes the sushi doesn't seem completely fresh and everything else is just sort of bland.
Oh, and there always seems to be a strange smell when you walk into the restaurant.
Not sure what that is

This was a wonderful experience.
Amazing service, amazing food.
It's a must!

I was impressed with the happy hour and it goes until 8pm!!!!
The vegetarian sushi rolls were all yummy and very fresh looking/tasting.
Drank lots of sake.
We will be back!

Went here for happy hour and it was neat and cheap.
Sat at a table in the bar area, nice atmosphere.
Ordered the spicy tuna roll which was nothing to brag about but it was 3.25.
The Vegas Roll and Shrimp appetizer were very good.
Entire bill was 24 bucks with two saki bombers.
Awesome deal and quality tasty food.

Great happy hour offset with ridiculously overpriced non happy-hour alcoholic drinks ($8 for a little Strawberry margarita class, c'mon?).
Sushi/california roll - eh, was decent.
Stuffed shrimp was incredible.
Not enough to get me to come back or recommend to friends.

Went here for my birthday with a group of friends.
The food was good, however the service was probably the WORST I've ever experienced.
I had made a reservation in advance, so they were perfectly aware of the large party.
Not to mention, there was ONLY one other table in the entire restaurant eating.
We saw our server maybe once, possibly twice when she asked for our drinks and then brought us our check.
We all had empty drinks for probably 20-30 minutes.
I was disappointed because I had brought so many close friends and family here, in hopes of having a fun dinner.
I truly am never one to complain and always give the benefit of the doubt (I use to serve) but this was awful.
Not to mention extremely overpriced.
Overall all, don't go here!

How fun!
Meal starts off with miso soup, then salad with a funky dressing, appetizer shrimp, fried rice, then the main course.
Somewhere in the middle of it all, the chef tries to flip shrimp into your mouth.
Not so successful at our table, but entertaining nonetheless!
Variety of scallops, steak, lobster tail, chicken, veggies, and tofu.
Everyone was happy with their meal, portions are large, and drinks are tasty!
Definitely bring some $$, because it's not cheap.

Warning do not go here!!!
18 friends of mine went here last Friday night for a Xmas party.
We were told when we made our reservations for 18 that if we were not all here at 10 min.
After our time the reservation would be cancelled.
We all showed up on time and our table was not ready and the place was empty.
After we were finally seated we spent some time opening gifts (maybe 15 min) and we were told by our server to hurry up!
She said the chef was waiting.
We all ordered and ate.
The food was ok at best.
The service was HORRIBLE!
We had to beg for drinks and told we couldn't get saki because they didn't have any clean glasses.
Our big came out to $1,000 and it was the worse!
I called to complain today and the manager simply replied he was sorry.
I work as a public relation manager at our office so I just wanted to give Kobe a chance to make good on our horrible meal but not one solution came out of his mouth!
Take your money and run!!!

Came here 2 Saturdays ago to use a gift certificate the boss man gave me for Christmas.
They have happy hour 7 days a week as long as you're not in the teppan dining room (which we were not).
I ordered a Tokyo Iced Tea, which the server explained was like a Long Island but with Midori.
I do not recommend the Tokyo Iced tea.
I do not recall all the rolls that we ordered.
Everything was pretty much up to par with what I expect from a reasonably priced Sushi restaurant!
Really fresh food, really good prices!

My boyfriend and I found Kobe almost a year ago and have been several times for lunch, dinner and happy hour.
We abosolutley love the place.
The food, service, menu selection and prices make Benihanna a waste if time.
The Kobe beef is totally worth the price.
They have several entrees and sides to choose from and the sushi is fabulous.
If you want a nice meal at a reasonable price then go for lunch.
Happy hour is from 3 to 7 EVERYDAY!
There are only a handful of restaurants that we will go to and this is one of them.
Totally amazing food experience.

My experience was pretty good but a problem with the bill has led to me give this place a low rating.
We went on my birthday and had their $20 birthday coupon.
I specifically asked the waitress if we could order off the happy hour menu before we ordered anything.
She said it would be fine as long as we ordered more than $20 off the regular menu.
When the bill came she said the manager told us we could either get happy hour prices or $20 off the bill.
I wouldn't have ordered $20 worth of full-priced sashimi  a la cart or an extra carafe of sake if I thought this would be the case.
I wasn't happy about this and I won't ever go back to this place.
The waitress didn't even say "Happy Birthday" to me even though she insisted on looking at my license to verify that it was my birthday.
There really isn't anything special about Kobe so I'd suggest you go to RA for sushi and Benihana for teppanyaki.

This gigantic place is divided into several different restaurant types and a bar.
Sushi counter, teppanyaki grills, a room with booths for serving typical Asian dishes, and a happy hour bar.
We tried the teppanyaki and had a great time, luckily for us our cook and the other guests at our table were a hoot - not to mention the excellent quality of the ingredients.
I will be back!

Attempted to stop and get lunch and was told they were closed for lunch even though the hours listed said I had 10 minutes left.
I guess they didn't need my money even though my order would have been to go.
I will never attempt to dine here again.

Kobe Bryant Sucks By The Rue  Enjoyed some happy hour, At Kobe Japanese Steakhouse, They don't have sweet and sour, And I don't have a spouse.
A great happy hour selection, On their food and drink, Just some minor imperfections, I'd eat here with Barton Fink.
Kobe Bryant does it in the kaboose, Even if you try to deny him, He'll make your rear end loose, But I hear he prefers them slim.
$4 sushi rolls and $4 beers, This place has got it gonig on, Great for cows and for steers, They also pour their drinks strong.
Their menu has such a variety, Go alone or with a group, This place won't give you anxiety, But it might make you go poop.
DENVER!!

The sashimi is fresh, cold, and excellent quality.
Yes, it's a little more expensive than the grocery store.
However, Kobe is well worth it if you have the discriminating palate to appreciate the quality.
They had (at the time) fresh scallops still in the shell.
pretty expensive, but the sushi chef let me hold the shell and show my boy the "before" state of our meal.
Service is good, but if you go to a *real* sushi restaurant, you have to accept a certain level of language barrier.
Communicate clearly and adapt or go to McDonald's.

I went here for my birthday last night.
In all my dining out experience, I have never had so much fun at a Japanese Steak House!
The food was excellent, the service quick and order accurate, and even though we had a full table and it felt a little squished, the family we were seated next to was welcoming and sweet.
(Though this is always hit or miss, as you can't control who you're seated next to).
I had the Filet Mignon and Chicken combo which came with the soup, salad and chicken fried rice.
We had a crab wonton app, and then they brought me some chocolate ice cream with a candle in it and sang me a birthday song, complete with a drum and everything!
Also, the chef threw bits of meat into our mouths from afar and we tried to catch them, and squirted sake into our mouths with a squeeze bottle: mine until it overflowed.
My bf laughed at me.
Definitely going back here.
Would be curious to try their sushi as well since we opted for the grill last night.
They didn't have TV in our section but might in the others(?
) so chose "not sure" on that.
No big as there's so much going on that I wouldn't have been watching TV.
All in all, it was an excellent experience.
I highly recommend this restaurant.

I go here often because it is a reliable sushi place with teppanyaki (sp?).
The service is friendly the times I've been here.
The sushi is good with a deep list and reasonably priced.
One time that I ordered takeout, though, they forgot to include my salad and soup.
The teppan show is very entertaining.
The chefs do their magic and feed you fast!
We always order their chicken yakisoba and it is full of chicken and shrimp but it can be a bit too oily.
I do recall having a great Mai Tai which is big in my book!

Our family of 4 adults was very pleased with everything from beginning to end.
The service was attentive, but not rushed, the food was fresh and tasty, and the seasonings were spot on.
The sashimi was very fresh and well presented.
The teppan chef was friendly and entertaining.
We were pleased to find a hibachi steakhouse which hit the mark.
We will be going back here.

Best Japanese steakhouse Ive ever been to!
The chef's were extremely interactive and fun.
I can't wait to come back.
Ask for Jorge he's the best!

We love this place!
Great staff , excellent service and yummy food cooked right at your table.
This is a much better option than Benihana.
The chef's always put on a good show, and have lots of fun with the guests at the table.
Also if you like sushi, it is some of the best in the Valley!
Additionally they have a very generous happy hour everyday until 7pm.

Cook was great like last time.
Kids loved the fire, the fish, and the food.
The service was friendly, but mostly absent, even though we were one of the the only ones there at lunch.
Maybe because the gratuity was already baked into our bill?
I took the whole fam, and with 6 people or more, they add 18% for a tip.

Came here with a party of 5 for a birthday.
In general the food was very good.
Although we did not order Sushi, the Teppenyaki was delicious.
Our chef was very nice, the show was also very good.
The price was rather high.
Our bill was $70 for two Teppenyaki dinners, 3 beers.

Great atmosphere, and the waitress was attentive while taking orders !
The chef was a younger guy was just ok !
Didn't think the Fried rice was great but the miso soup and salad yummy!
My sashimi very tasty and the New York Strip and shrimp yummy!
Added tip of our party of 6!
Squirting Sake and tossing shrimp to catch in your mouth Lots of Fun!
Overall it was good!

We absolutely LOVED the Teppan here, Primarily because of our Chef, He was AWESOME!.
I don't think i've ever had a Teppan chef who was as involved with his patrons as ours was.
I can also say I have never had SAKE directly squirted into my mouth by a Teppan Chef lol...
The food was good too and I would totally recommend the Mushroom tempura.
We will definitelt be back before we leave AZ.

Eaten here three times.
Each time the food has been fresh and really good.
Great service as well.

Although I havent tried the Teppan part of the restaurant, the service and sushi wasnt good.
Sushi wasnt fresh and a waiter passed by us several times, about 10 minutes without helping or saying if someone helped us.

I had gift certificates to this place and wanted to eat healthier so it was decided that my wife, Kathy R., my grandson and I would head here for lunch.
My wife got the Kobe steak & lobster, Kathy R. got the kobe steak, my grandson got the kobe steak and lobster and I had the kobe steak.
All the meals come with: Miso soup, salad, choice of white or chicken fried rice and grilled veggies.
When you go to a teppenyaki restaurant, you don't really go for the food, you kind of go for the entertainment.
but this place served Kobe beef.
Kobe beef is known for being lean, lower in cholesterol than chicken or turkey.
it is known as  Healthy beef?
In fact all of us  commented that the steak was so succulent it melted in your mouth.
Kobe has community seating...(The tables are designed to fit 8 people) You are seated next to other parties around the chef and the chef comes by after all orders are taken.
Then in addition the chef brings all fresh ingredients to the table and cooks it for you on the spot with various tricks!
The show is very impressive.
The "show" is the checf who cooks in front of you.
In this case he also pulled tricks with knives and fire to keep us all entertained.
My steak was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth.
There is nothing like Kobe Steak.
The Miso soup was excellent, the salad was so so,  the grilled veggies were ok.
It also came with white rice which I did not eat.
I only had a few bites of everything and took a lot home with me for later.
One last thing about the meal sevral people at our table ordered fried rice so  we were given the opportunity to try some since the chef made extra.
I must say even though I only had a bite OMG it was good.
It had to be the best fried rice I've had in many years.
FOOD:  If you rate the place strictly on food, then it's not that spectacular.
But you're not here solely for food.
You come here for an experience.
PRICE: The prices are reasonable.
SERVICE: After we got seated the waitress immediately gave us menus and asked us for our drinks/orders.
She was welcoming, and  was always right there when we needed her to be.
She was simply excellent,  efficient, and friendly.
AMBIENCE:  Overall I enjoyed the restaurants environment and vibe!
Perfect for families and group celebrations!
It's pricey but you gotta keep in mind you're also paying for the entertainment and its unique service.
CONCLUSION: This restaurant is fun for birthdays, Anniversaries, special occassions, group outings, couples, and kids.
It's entertaining and the food tastes great.
RETURN FACTOR: 100% will definitely be back here but only for a special occassion..

The filet meal was good, the soup was nice, the sushi was really good and the service was excellent - loved the place!

Kobe and Benihana are the ONLY teppanyaki places that get it right (meaning that the meat isn't overcooked).
Always a reliable choice.
Don't get to hit this place much anymore, since I've retired to the NW, but will when I visit.

Really great food, the chefs know what they're doing and know how to make teppan yaki fun.
Our chef was a younger guy and had a good time letting people have sake squirts and flipping food into people's mouths.
It was a blast!!
Will definitely come here again, next time with a large group.

My family frequents here a lot and we have always had great service with a clean environment.
Happy hour prices are great and the sushi is always fresh.
While traveling to other states we have had a very difficult time finding a fresher sushi experience.
The grill on the weekend seems to always be on the loud side but It's only because of the entertainment that the chefs have created for the guests.
All in all the only down side is the possibility of having to wait for a table when it's busy.
It's a great place for a first date or a 50th anniversary.

Very great restaurant.
A nice moment we shared there.
Food and animations were cool

I'm highly upset with Kobe.
It's a place my coworkers and I stop at when we are in the mood for sushi.
I waited 20 + minutes for Las Vegas rolls and Crunchy California Rolls.
We called the order for pick up 15 minutes before we got there.
I personally do not feel like their sushi is quality enough to be waiting 40 minutes for mediocre sushi.
And there were no cars in the parking lot.
What could they be doing smh.
Hope this helps!

I've been using this restaurant for every birthday and graduation for the last three or four years!
My family and I love this place the food is simple and delicious.
Amazing sushi and the teppan is a great show and kid friendly.
Ask for Allen he's the best!

I went here for dinner last night with four other people.
I got two sushi rolls (spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail), and we shared the chicken fried rice.
Sushi: Middle of the line.
I felt like it was a little bit pricey for what I got.
Next time I will make sure we go during happy hour for sushi.
Fried Rice: Amazeballs.
I will eat my own body weight in this rice.
This rice is the new everything.
Service was friendly and the place had a nice atmosphere.
It was pretty dead while we were there, which was fine since we weren't there to make new friends.
The bathrooms were nice and clean.

I took my fiance and some friends here for her birthday, and we all had an AMAZING time!
First of all, Happy Hour is great.
$6 for a bottle of Sake and a Beer.
If you like Sake Bombs, this is a terrific deal.
They have good food specials on Happy Hour too.
The service was great.
Our Teppan chef was a ton of fun, and as an added perk, he had a bottle of Sake that he routinely sprayed into our mouths.
Delicious.
The food was very good.
Like most Teppan restaurants, it's a little expensive, but in my opinion you're paying for the entertainment as well, which makes it all worth it.
The next time we're looking for Teppan, we're coming back to Kobe for sure.

Was fast, clean, fresh, so Much fun!!
I had the Kobe....
Cheeeeeez!!
Haven't had such a great piece of Kobe in years.
Careful!
They warn you they might run out of it.
Call in advance and check for availability.
At 44 bucks per person, you will not regret for a second, really nice piece of meat-heaven playing a symphony in your mouth!!

The kobe steak was reasonably priced and came with a lot of sides.
I did not think it was up to par with the reputation kobe steaks have.
They also served my wife tempura with a mosquito fried in it.
They brought us another one and gave us a free soup and salad.
Other than that this place isn't too bad but we would not come back here.

It was Valentine's Day,.
my girl friend and I were having a double date with our friends.
We usually get the tepen, but all the the seats reserved.
So we decided to do dine in.
I ordered the unagi dish.
For some reason it took them awhile for me to get it.
When I finally got the dish, it was ice cold.
I can think of two scenarios on why it was ice cold.
It  was made and forgotten about a left on the counter.
Somebody else ordered it and didn't want it, so did they decided to give it to me instead of making me a fresh one.
Either way I had to eat cold food.
I probably could have told them it was cold and they probably could have fixed it.
But my judgement is on how they got it done the first time, not how they can make up for it.
A good excuse on why it was cold would have been that it's supposed to be served cold, but I've ordered this dish in the past it was always served hot or at least warm.

We took my sister and brother in law and my 10mo old nephew for a birthday celebration.
It was the best time ever!!!
First, we didn't like where we were going to be seated and they quickly moved us to another table so that the baby would get a better view.
The service was very good.
We ordered Sushi first and it was amazing!
Very reasonably priced as well.
The sushi came out as it was ready so that it wasn't sitting there waiting for the rest of the orders to be made.
That was a nice way for us to share and try all the sushi.
The men at the table ordered Saki bombs.
They were huge!
The best part of the evening was the show.
My chef knew we had first timers and put on a great show that included everyone at the table.
My nephew was amazed and even ate some of the rice.
So, with that, the food was delicious!!!
I have been to many different steakhouses in many different states.
This by far is one of the best!
I would recommend the filet minion.
And if you really want to treat yourself, get the Kobe steak.
It was amazing!

Filet mignon is delish!
Big portions!
Fun show!
Didn't catch the shrimp in the mouth though :( (just a tip, chairs are not comfy if your legs go numb easily)

Awesome Teriyaki Chicken Bento Box... definitely more than enough food in that thing.
Green Iced tea was amazing as well.
Not too expensive, great service.

Kobe has a wide variety of items available on their lunch menu.
Always priced right, and always prepared fresh in front of you.
Kind of tough to beat that.
I have yet to have a bad experience at Kobe.

The service was great.
The decor is nice.
The Shashimi was lacking.
I've had better at lower tier restaurants.
I didn't have tappanyaki, so you can throw the baby out with the bath water.

Went with our friends on a last minute thing.
We got in fast.
The show was good the kids loved it.
The food was awesome.
The sushi that I had was great.
The decor was really nice and clean.

We went on a Monday, no problem getting a seat at the tepanyaki table.
It was 3 of us and we were seated with another family for 4, so it made it more fun.
I started with some sushi that was really good.
The grilling dude was ok, kinda funny but same old jokes when you have been to these types of restaurants.
Still had a great time.
I had the seafood trio with a side of filet, man that was outstanding !
Great food.
Wife had the Grilled fish, that was excellent as well !
Definately will go back !
Would love to go on a weekend when its more livelier !

We eat here all the time and normally the experience is good, but last night we actually walked out due to poor service.
The place was busy but we sat in the back room which was not full.
A 12-top was seated right next to us before we were seated.
We had our 17-month old with us and had to get our own high chair.
We waited twenty minutes with not a single word or even eye contact from the waitress, who walked right by us several times to other tables.
She took the drink order from the big table, then went to the table behind us, apologized for the delay and took their order.
I expected her to take ours at the same time, but nope, she went to put their order in.
She then went to another table and refilled the guy's water glass.
She came back with the drinks for the big table.
I thought she might be bringing water to us, but she then proceeded to take the order from the 12-top first (which is never a fast task - they were asking about the specials on the board in the front lobby, so she had to run out to check what they were).
They also had to remind her that not all drinks had been served for their table yet.
All this time, still no eye contact, hello, sorry for the wait, I'll be right with you, anything to placate us.
My husband even went out to the car to get snacks for our daughter, which I ended up eating.
Finally we gave up and left.
We did say something to front hostess and got a weak "sorry".
If I ran my business like this, I'd be out of business!
Not sure when we'll be back.

Taylor was our cook for the tepan grill.
He was awesome, fun and most importantly cooked the food to perfection.
We have been to many tepan grills and hands down this is the best so far!!!
Place is nice and service was good.
Will def be back for more!!!
Can't forget to add that the shrimp were amazing.
Plump and juicy!!

Me and my wife went for the first time and had a blast.
Fun environment and GREAT food.
I want to come back with the kids.
Thank you KOBR for a awesome dinner and entertainment.

Really good Teppanyaki and great chefs that are quite entertaining.
Great for kids too, they seem to love the show.
The sushi is not bad either.

We have been here several times, but it has been at least a year since our last visit.
We had a fantastic time!
Our chef was Taylor, and he was absolutely wonderful .
He kept us entertained and provided a great show.
There were two young children at the table and he was appropriate to for their ages as well.
I ordered steak and my husband had the chicken.
I also ordered one sushi roll .
Overall it was a great experience.
Taylor was by far the best chef/entertainer we've had at Kobe.
I would definitely ask for his table again.

Went there for my husband's birthday because he wanted to try tepan.
We'll never go back.
Food was OK but not great, our server's attitude was lackluster/disinterested and the show was..meh.
I'm mostly irritated at management's lack of concern.
A bottle of gluten-free soy bottle costs $3.50 and they couldn't be bothered to have some on hand?
I got served a bowl of plain lettuce because they had no gluten-free salad dressing (with the stuff they had on hand, they could have easily whipped up a quick substitute.
)    Next time, we will go to Y.C's Mongolian Grill.
Better value, they are very good about diners with food allergies and they're much friendlier.

Came for a birthday so there was a group of us.
We were all underwhelmed by this place.
We waited nearly an hour from our reservation time to place our food order.
They charged extra for fried rice with the Teppanyaki.
They wouldn't do any substitution requests.
Every answer was no.
The waitress who was suppose to be supporting the table for water etc disappeared and we were left without water for 3/4 of the meal.
She never even checked in on us (and it wasn't busy).
Spend your money elsewhere for a better Teppanyaki experience.

