Their new location is on the other side of town from me, but they carry a few things the Henderson location doesn't.
Great selection of cigars, pipes, and pipe tobacco, and a wonderful lounge in which to enjoy them.
The humidor is bigger and a little better organized than the other location, but at the expense of having the cigars in bins instead of the original boxes.
Not a horrible thing, and I'm sure much easier for them to track, but I just like seeing how the manufacturer packages their cigars.

A nice shop with friendly customers.
Their selection is top notch, their prices on the high side (downright exorbitant  for the best of the best).
A comfortable lounge with leather couches and a flat panel HDTV.
One of three places I buy cigars locally.

Great cigar shop.
Great selection with a large walk in humidor and average prices.
Get the card, buy 10 cigars and get 10 bucks, so every cigar you buy is actually a dollar off.
Better selection than any shop in my home town in northern california.
The people are real friendly too.

Nice shop with decent size walk in humidor.
Staff is always ready to help the customer.
Prices can be a little high for premium smokes, but overall prices not bad.

very cool place.
Very decent price on cigars.
I would have to agree get the card.
Buy 10 sticks and get $10 is a pretty sweet deal.
Plus you can lounge out in the back and watch the game on over sized couches.

Nice selection, cigars well humidified, good staff.
They have a bar counter to hang out and smoke a cigar if you want, acceptable prices.

The Tobacco Leaf is like the bar Cheers.
It's a place where you're always welcome and everyone knows your name.
I've been patronizing Tobacco Leaf since 2000.
It's a friendly shop with a a knowledge staff and great selection.
The owner, Will, knows his stuff!
I highly recommend you stop in and check it out.
The shop's Facebook page lists upcoming events.
See you soon!

Great selection.
Good staff.
Owner is knowledgable .
Good place to hang out.

Nice shop with an impressive selection and inventory in the humidor as well as a fine array of gifts, lighters, pipes and other desk items for the discerning gentleman.
Nice lounge area and all types of folks are welcome.
Diverse crowd which makes it unpretentious.
Also have punch cards for purchases so you can work to free product.

Went back here Yesterday.
Very friendly group of guys.
Nice lounge in the back with leather couches and chairs, big screen to watch movies.
Hung out for a couple of hours.
Good stuff.

The Uber-father of cigar stores.
This place appears smallish when you walk in, then you realize it extends into the back and the humidor room is chock full of cigars.
They also have pipes, lighters, humidors, and anything you could want for your sophisticated smoking needs.
I will comment that it is funny to see people come in and sit around smoking cigarettes.
It kind of kills the nice cigar aroma wafting through the air.
People, get off your training wheels, smoke something that at least smells and tastes good, for Pete's Sake!
My personal favorite employee is Edgar.
Easy to relate too and funny as all get out.
Ask for him and tell him Don sent you.
He might laugh.
Just be sure he doesn't charge you more for knowing him!
No other shop is quite this good.
By a mile.

Excellent place to hang out.
Friendly group of people.
The employees are very knowledgeable and the coffee bar is excellent.

The selections at Tobacco Leaf is so impressive.
Will and his staff of shenanigans well they make you feel like you're Norm from Cheers.
Make time to burn.

Want to add an update to express how much I'm enjoying the store.
The staff  is knowledgeable, which is saying a lot for younger guys.
They even have info on pipes and related materials.
Something that is becoming less and less common.
But the real closer on the deal for me is that all the patrons are so damned friendly.
Sure there's a few too busy to give the time of day while sucking on their leafy phallus, but overall, what a bunch of cool guys.
There's no need for embarrassment, if you have a question, there is always someone who will offer advice or talk about options.
Adding the caveat that the pipes and accessories are a bit pricey, the loophole is they have a discount card and run specials.
So I leave you with the thought that if you want friendly, without trendy, this place is it.

I've passed this numerous times, but haven't been in until recently.
The first thing to come to mind is they have massive inventory.
Their humidor is a bit narrow and tall, floor to ceiling affair.
It's a bit overwhelming and takes some time looking through everything and since it's narrow a bit hard to maneuver in there.
They have a case with a majority of the rarities put aside there to make it easier if you're a collector.
Gotta watch the prices though because some of the prices were way too steep like a Opus X Nacimiento was $55 which is prices stores on the strip may charge and I bought the same cigar that day for $16.00 elsewhere.
It's rare, but not THAT rare in our town - ouch.
Some of the other stuff in there was fair though.
We got the last Tatujuae Mummy (Halloween 2012) for a price that we were willing to pay since it was about what most stores sell for and close to msrp.
The more usual stuff though generally were sitting in the price range I expect from a B&M.
I guess since it's such a crazy inventory, the nice thing is there is something for everyone from beginner to a seasoned smoker.
If I am looking for something specific, they probably have it.
The guy helping us, Lou, was soft spoken and nice.
I did get a La Flor Dominicana Coronado off of his recommendation.
I feel that you won't be stirred wrong here as they do know their inventory, as big as it is, since all of the things he recommended was based off of smoking it.
The condition of the cigars seemed good overall, at a smokeable humidity and temperature seemed good in there.
This store has the most accessories I've seen so far too.
Lots of lighters, cutters, ashtrays, cigar cases, and humidors.
I wish wish the humidor was bigger and more comfy to browse in lieu of more stuff.
There was a bar with TV and looks like a espresso machine and a snack vending machine.
There may have been another area in the back to sit, but I didn't go beyond where the merchandise went.
I haven't smoked here and took our cigars home so I cannot comment on how the lounging experience is.
If you are a regular, they have a stamp card program for every 10 cigars you buy, you get $10 off.
Overall, a pretty decent humidor and one I can see myself popping into regularly.

Great atmosphere and impeccable service!!
Such a huge selection of cigars and EDGAR was completely knowledgeable and made some great recommendations.
Edgar took his time explaining and helping us select our purchases.
Thank you again for the amazing service!!
We will definitely be back in the future!

