"Mimi's is a chain and they are all the same - however, some have better service than others.
That said, out of the two dozen times I have patronized them in over 8 locations, the service has been above average.
The food is great, the portions are very large, and very reasonably priced.
My only complaint is that they have updated the menu and it doesn't list everything you can order now.
Favorite items include Blackened Chicken Tacos (not on the menu), Parmesan chicken, and Cobb salad (I recommend the mini unless you want a salad large enough for two).
They bring complimentary fresh bread (raisin walnut and sour dough) with your drinks.
They have the best muffins which are included with some meals.
(Their blueberry is incredible.
)  They understand that toddlers grow hungry quickly.
Depending on the server they will bring out crackers and cheerios with your drinks too (you can always ask if it isn't offered).
The kid's meals include gummy worms in chocolate pudding with Oreo crumbs - a hit with my kids.
I frequently do meet at Mimi's for business lunches all over the valley and they are the best.
Mimi's has something for everyone.
Although they appear to be French, they have all cuisines so don't be fooled by the name.
My only complaint is that it is very busy and you can be stuck sitting next to a large group which can be loud.
One of my favorite values.
Very large portions, great bread, and reasonable prices.
(Reasonable in my opinion is $7 - 10 for an entree.

I have a love/hate relationship with this place.
On one hand they have one of the most delicious salads I've ever eaten with all my favorite stuff in it.
The "Bleu Cheese & Walnut Salad" has dried cranberries, tomatoes, strawberries & balsamic vinaigrette dressing on a bed of mixed greens...  and it comes with a muffin.
It's just awesome.
Dang, I want one now.
*drools a little*  The downside is that the restaurant itself is one of those kitchy, family-friendly chains with garish, faux-French crap littering the walls.
Really, it's just too much.
Eating here makes me feel like such a tool.
What's the solution?
Get it to go!
I can place an order for my coveted salad and walk out the door with it 5-10 minutes later to be eaten wherever I please.
Sweet!

poor excuse for a Westcor pad occupant.
See "Waiting" (the movie).
Yeah, it's that place.
--grilled cheese sandwich looked like a brillo pad after three weeks' use (see my picture) --servers confused, unaware of their own menu --and that was just the content; they were filthy --service timings all off --soda syrups not properly proportioned  methinks it's the location.
just stay away.

This is a great place to meet and eat.
Love the Santa Fe omlet or Corned Beef Hash.
Servers are usually very friendly and my meals have always been served quickly and hot.

What is it about Mimi's that makes me instantly feel 10 lbs heavier as soon as I walk through the door?
Maybe they import humid air in here?
or maybe it's the soul food being whipped up in the kitchen?
I've eaten here on a few occasions (not my choice) and both times the food was ok (I opted for salad).
The bread is quite good and so are the desserts.
I am just not a huge fan of the menu and style of cooking.
If you do like calorie packed comfort food then please do stop in for a bite.

Last time I tried the chicken fried steak it was so-so and I was disappointed.
So this time, I decided to have the Crab Cake Florentine Benedict and that is now my current favorite.
I love everything about it.
The cakes never taste fishy, the eggs are poached to perfection and the spinach is cooked perfectly.
Their pan fries are good, old-fashioned pan fries - chunks of boiled potatoes browned perfectly.
My husband usually has an omelet and they never fail to impress.
Good breakfasts for sure.

It was a Sunday morning & Mimi's was PACKED!
We walked in, gave the hostess our name & told the wait wouldn't be too long considering it was just the two of us.
The décor was French quarter New Orleans-themed, with Parisian style knick knacks & art work abound.
A bit on the kitchy side, but quite nifty IMO!
What I found to be not only impressive but wise was that they had free coffee, mini muffins & sample size nut loafs for the waiting patrons, which mostly consisted of seniors & families.
Following the hostess to our table, I couldn't help but notice, the humongous portion size of ALL of their dishes.
The menu had so many mouth watering choices, but considering I was feeling ill, I ordered a bowl of granola & a (YU-MMY) buttermilk spice muffin.
Boring I know, but lemme make it up to you by talking about moms dish, the 3 egg avocado & crab omelet which was made w/ jack cheese, tomatoes, scallions, bacon & asiago cream sauce, accompanied by red potatoes, choice of one of their mega-sized (hot & fresh) muffins & fresh squeezed O.J.
The service was on the slow side, perhaps understaffed or just overwhelmed, but our waiter made it up to us by giving me choice of beverage & extra muffins, no charge.
For those of you who want healthier options, don't you fret, they offer a Fresh & Fit menu as well.
All in all, I really enjoyed my dining experience @ this Mimi's location & will definitely return if I'm ever back in Phoenix.

I was here early Sun morning w my girlfriend.
It was actually not busy at 730 AM.
I suggest you go then.
The breakfast food is always great, creative, and somewhat fancy.
Cindy has a gluten and egg allergy so I think she was less impressed.
She prefers Good Egg due to their bigger menu that includes salads with fruit in it.

We went on New Years day and it was probably the worst day to go for brunch.
Everyone and their mommas were there and it took them forever to seat 10 people, get our orders and give us our food which, by the way, they messed up so many times I almost wanted to just get out of there.
Our waiter said he told the chefs the correct orders but they still managed to mess it up...whatever.
It was a zoo in that restaurant.

Went for dinner, wasnt very busy but food took quite a long time to come out.
Food was not very good, this is a good breakfast place only!

This is a great place for kids.
It is one of my "go to" places when we are with the twins.
Food is good, the service is friendly and fast and our kids like it.
We go at least once a month.

They need to find a better way of washing dishes.
Our coffee cups had stains all over, cutlery had pieces of food and had egg smell all over.

I am at mimi's every week, and the food is pretty good for breakfast.
Get the chibatta breakfast sandwich, or pancakes.
You can never go wrong with pancakes.

It is an OK breakfast.
You cant mess up eggs, well maybe.
They are good thought and the food comes out fast.

I take my 81 year old mom out to dinner every week in this area and have dined at Mimi's 3 or 4 times over the years.
It is a hit or miss kinda place.
I love the raisin and the banana bread there and that may be why I have gambled on the place more than once.
Last night we had the Mediterranean Chicken Fettuccine with spinach, sundried tomatoes, artichoke hearts and tomato asiago cream sauce.
Topped with fresh diced tomatoes and grated parmesan cheese.
It was fantastic!
Huge serving and we both will return to order it again some day!
In the past I had the turkey dinner with cranberry sauce and it was terrible.
Dinner at Mimi's is like what Forest Gump said... "You never know what your gonna get"

Never had a problem with food or service.
Great portions and the bread is yummy!
The raspberry ice tea is my favorite.
All in all one of my favorite places to have breakfast on a Sunday morning.

Mimi's has a good low calorie menu and solid service.
The coffee is excellent.
Muffins and coffee are free for waiting customers in the morning.

I've been to the one at Desert Ridge twice now for breakfast.
Both times the waitstaff has messed up the order.
Its a simple order, side of Bacon.
The food is good, it's only eggs and toast, but the waitstaff is is slow, forgetful, can be rude and doesn't know the menu.
Both times the restaurant was not busy, so the wait staff wasn't slammed.
If you go, make sure you stay on top of the waitstaff or you won't get the correct order.

We come here all the time because its close to home and there's somthing on the menu for everyone - healthminded or not, kids or adults - and it offers outdoor seating and a decent wine list.
The servers have been there for years and are very warm toward us.
Overall, its a solid choice for the family.

The service was awesome tonight!!!!!!!!
Ariel and Michael were also awesome!!!!!!

Love this place.
My friends and i go here often for breakfast.
The mardigras omelette is good as well as the eggs benedict.
this place gets busy in themornings on Sunday so there will be a little bit of a wait sometimes.
Overall good breakfast or brunch place, they also serve dinner as well.

Average pricing of about $9 a plate, Food was okay, fresh fruit and very good specialty muffins...
But the omelettes were not impressive.
The spinach was not fresh and our waitress was horrible.
She kept getting our drink orders wrong and had to ask for knives two times before getting them.
She was not very friendly or accomodating, and it took her 15 minutes to return our credit card when we paid.
Our table was never cleared off either.

Breakfast at Mimi's is fantastic.
I've never had lunch or dinner at this location, but since I have eaten at other locations of this chain, I feel safe saying it's probably just as average as the others.
I had the belgium waffles which were crispy on the outside, and light on the inside.
Done right and tasty.
Although, they do come out with an unnecessary amount of butter and syrup.
My girlfriend ordered an omelet, and asked them just to put a little of bit of cheese and mushrooms in it (she wasn't fan of any of the combinations listed on the menu).
It came out quite well.
The omelet comes with juice, a muffin (which was awesome!
) and potatoes.
When compared to some of the other big breakfast chain, Mimi's is probably the best.
The price is a tad high, but you do get a lot of food.
Also, if you're like my Dad and looking for a deal and don't mind giving a restaurant your email address, Mimi's does send out a ton of coupons.
Buy One Get One Free seems to be most common.

This Mimi's is near the Reach11 complex where we were attending a tournament.
So, afterwards, we came here.
The short version is that this is just like the Mimi's in Chandler.
The food is fine.
Not great, but fine.
The service was OK too.
Everyone enjoyed their food (I had the chicken pot pie).
None of it really struck me as "French", which is Mimi's motif, but it was good.
In fact, the kid had chicken picatta, which is Italian.
Not French.
They do have quiche, so maybe that's enough to claim to be a French-like bistro???
(Not in my book, honestly.
)  Anyway, I'd call this place average.
Really, I should give it 2.5 stars, but that's not an option with Yelp.
An OK place to stop if you're in the area and looking for food.
You could do much worse.

Everything on the menu is good.
The French onion soup is thick with thick slices of onion.
All their pastas are decent, the sauce could use some thickening.
Clam chowder and brocolli cream are really, really good.
The blueberry bread is moist and crumbly.
You'll probably pay too much for soup and sandwich so for just a couple bucks more, get an entrée.
I like that they have hot tea bags on each table that come with all these flavors, like raspberry.
At this location, the waitress misunderstood and thought my dad was asking for a la carte instead of the combo.
As a result she didn't bring out the fries, but 10 minutes later, we had the fries.
Only downside to this location is that my dad almost got mugged in the same parking lot (not on this day, when he was alone).
Since it's located in Desert Ridge, this can be expected and also this branch can be hard to find in such a huge plaza.

First tried Mimi's when we first started coming to Scottsdale about 6 years ago.
It was always a "go to" place where we could get good food at a decent price.
Don't know what's happened but we've been to 3 different locations this trip and the food has really gone downhill.
Sauces are gummy and cooked to death with too much flour/cornstarch.
Had the crab cake appetizers most recently and neither crab or cake belong in the description.
The crab was nonexistent and they were the size of a  3 inch pancake.
The other annoying thing is that the servers now try to push whatever special is going in like the wine thing or the "add a soup or salad" thing.
So sorry we won't be going to any Mimi's anytime soon.

I was in Phoenix with a bunch of friends for spring training and we ended up at Mimi's one night.
Friendly, attentive staff and a nice atmosphere.
I had one of their "special menu" items - butter squash ravioli with shrimp.
It was horrible.
Tasted rubbery and as if it was made hours ahead of time and kept under heat lamps.
I would return but next time I'll get something simple like a salad or a sandwich.
Stick to the basics and you can't go wrong.

Mimi's is the place to go!!
The servers were very friendly an helpful.
The portions were really big and you'll be sure to eat all of it!
The berry crepes dissolve in your mouth and the chipotle breakfast burrito is the best way to start of your day!
Perfect for families that want a nice sit down meal but not spend too much time!

Always great food and service, but decor kinda dated

All in all this is one of my favorite breakfast places.
Even when I travel I try to find one.
It just has good food.
I will admit it is an old lady place (when Mom comes to town, I always bring her to Mimis...) and avoid Sundays if you can as your wait could be an hour.
My favorites are the Crab Cake Benedict or the West Coast Reuben.
The blueberry muffins are the bomb!

Great food!
We went after my grandfather's funeral to have lunch.
There were 14 of us that just walked in.
We waited only about 5 minutes before they put us in a slightly private area.
We had the most amazing waitress that catered to us all!
Lots of amazing food choices!
I highly recommend the quiche!
Good prices!
Good service!

Best breakfast in the valley.
Dinner sucks.
Well, let's clarify a bit here.
We've ordered blueberry pancakes, stuffed french toast, muffins, and a few other b-fast items.
They were all stupidly good.
For dinner, we've tried a couple dishes such as the recommended jumbalaya - SUCKS!
Stay away from that canned garbage.
Back to breakfast...dang, that's incredible!

Who doesn't love Mimi's?
It's a Great place.
I just can't ever decide what I want off the menu, they all look so YUMMY.
Make sure you sign up for their e-mail and you'll get a free 4 pack of muffins to go, when you're done.
Can't leave without the heavenly chocolate ganache goodness!
We usually go for brunch so the breakfast and lunch menu's seem a perfect fit, and the little kiddo's get free snacks while they wait for their meal.
A pretty simple gesture that pleased this mommy.

We went for Sunday brunch and I was very disappointed.
We had a table of 8 and had painfully slow and surly service by a waitress who appeared to be badly hungover.
We suffered through missing parts of our meal, no refills, no check up to see how things were, and a long, long wait for our bill.
Sadly the bad service wasn't the worst part.
I had a sad turkey Reuben with no flavor and a soggy bun.
I tried both    Thousand Island and Blue Cheese dressing to save the sandwich but neither worked since they were even more lacking in flavor.
Salads had little meat, toast was burnt, and the amazing muffins tasted like bad supermarket muffins.
My whole meal i kept staring at the In & Out Burger across the parking lot wishing I was there spending way way less on better food.
Tons of other good places around here, this isn't one.
Move on to one of the others.

Nothing like Mimosa's and breakfast with the people you love @ Mimi's Cafe!!!
always my first choice!!

Great service, really good choice of lunches and very accommodating for small business groups.
The staff is personable and the location is very convenient.
Overall, a pleasure.
I would recommend this place.

Always have great food when we go!
Staff is on top of things and we'll return!

We started coming here about a month ago, the menu HAD so many great choices.
We loved the buffalo chicken strips!
We came in today for lunch (5/13) the menu changed, so many great items GONE!
Very limited choices now.
The food was so bad we didn't eat.
Prices are still up there.. We won't be back, unless the old menu comes back too.

Cute place, nice menu, friendly staff yet the place confuses the hell out of me.
I was craving crepes after seeing the item on their online menu...what I did not care for wa seeing that they were filled with orange marmalade cream cheese...
So I asked the server if I could have the crepes with the mixed berries and strawberry puree instead and she said that the crepes were already made and pre-filled.
Well that's awfully odd as the menu states "Made to Order Crepes"...so I asked her again and she checked with the kitchen and they were able to make the crepes just the way I wanted them.
I know...lots of drama for nothing.
My friend and I waited a rather long time for anyone to come to our table to get our drink order...However, when someone finally came...we got our drinks after a few minutes and our food came in no time at all.
The food was tasty and the orange juice was great.
All in all, it was okay but only three stars in my book.

I've been a fan of Mimi's Cafe since the mid 80's when I lived in So Cal.
It was a favorite of my parents and I've been a fan ever since they first took me there.
I was extremely pleased when the franchise opened locations in Phoenix.
For me, Mimi's fits the bill as the best chain restaurant around.
It has a fun atmosphere with a casual French theme.
It features cloth napkins and fresh flowers for dinner.
Lunch is a bit more casual but no less delightful.
Their food and service is pretty consistent from location to location.
All locations have a full bar with a decent selection of wines and beers.
This morning's breakfast experience at this location at the Desert Ridge Marketplace was particularly good.
For starters we had a extremely friendly and attentive server.
She obviously enjoys her work and is very good doing her job.
We were with our teen son and nephew who are both pretty big eaters but even they were unable to finish all that they ordered.
I ordered Eggs Benedict which is a breakfast favorite of mine.
Mimi's does a pretty good job with this well known breakfast dish even though they use ham in place of traditional Canadian bacon.
Not certain their hollandaise is freshly prepared but it's pretty good .
not as tangy as I like it, but tasty.
My wife ordered fresh berry crepes with creme cheese filling which I sampled.
They were very good as well although they reminded me more of blintzes than crepes.
Their applewood bacon is thick and tasty with the right amount of smokiness.
Their signature muffins are always a treat especially the carrot spice and blueberry ones.
I believe their morning fruit juices are freshly squeezed and hence, very flavorful.
Mimi's for lunch and dinner is equally good.
They feature lunch and dinner combos that include an entree, soup or salad and a mini dessert with special pricing.
Their corn chowder soup is a family favorite.
Our family really likes this particularly location.
It's located in a nice part of town with lots of other eateries and a terrific outdoor shopping area.
I recommend all Mimi's locations but this one is one of our favorites.

service awful, menu changed.
They charge for onions and peppers in potatoes, there cream of corn is awful, there is an herb in it and they do not tell you what it is and they say they do not know.
Also, there is no bread basket you have to ask for it, the food portions like pork chops has no bone, it is small, and the augratin potatoes is white, not baked and awful.

good breakfast, glad they have lots of gluten free options!
potatoes and hollandaise is gluten free.
however the taste is not 100%... could be crispier/saltier sometimes!

We had dinner there last night.
The bread was as food as it gets.
That is their best offering.
We had chicken and it was good but the mash potatoes stuck to the roof of our mouths.
Service was ok.
Nothing to make this place memorable enough to go back to on our week long trip to the area.

First, I have been a diner at Mimi's for many years at various locations..San Diego, San Francisco Bay Area, and in Arizona.
Have always enjoyed their varied menu, pricing, and service.
Dined at unit on Tatum, Scottsdale on 10/19/13 where we encountered the new French format and service theme.
I think company should have better tested the format at a couple of locations......my observation is that it is not going to be a hit.
MENU has had to much revamping to soon.
Complaints I overheard were that customer favoites were gone.
French headings for items are great if you read french.
PRICES seem higher with extra charges for items that are included at other similar restaurants.. PRESENTATION-Did not quite understand why sides were served on separate plate and main entre (sole meuniere) was served on 2nd plate.
All would have fit on one plate and given a better presentation.
SERVICE- Waitperson (Debby) provided excellent service.
MISC.
Waitpeople/staff now greet you with a few words of French (I understand they are now trained with a few common greetings in French.
)  What happens if the customer responds to them in French...and the staff person has no clue what they said.....that could be funny.
Anyway, good luck with your new format.
I hope it is received well.
I have my doubts but,, hope I am wrong.
Don't want to see Mimi's go the way of Mervyn's, Sears, and Penny's.

We went to Mimi's expecting good French-American cuisine and a pleasant atmosphere.
When we arrived, we were told that despite having made a reservation, we were not on the reservation list - the first issue of the evening.
They sat us down anyway and we ordered our food: a baked brie dish for starters, and a mediterranean salad, a pot pie nouveau and the mussels with " white wine and garlic sauce"  for our meals.
The noise levels were quite high.
The brie came out with two small slices of bread, despite the fact that there were three of us sitting at the table.
It took at least 10 minutes from the arrival of our brie dish for our server to offer us a bread basket.
Then, our meals arrived.
The pot pie nouveau and the mediterranean salad both had chicken in them that looked like processed meat that was cubed and very chewy.
It certainly was not fresh.
The prosciutto in the salad was so sparse that it was hardly noticeable.
The mussels were horrific.
They were not only entirely overcooked, but the sauce had no hint of wine in it and was condensed to a honey-like consistency.
It seemed to be made out of lemon and butter, although the colour and taste of the butter was so unnatural that it was certainly not real butter.
Rather frustrating given that it says it will come in a wine and garlic sauce on the menu.
Equally terrible was the salt content of this dish, so much so that I poured some of the water I was drinking into it so as to make it less salty.
On top of all of these complaints, our waiter was entirely patronising, speaking to us in a sing-songy voice as if we were all small children.
As an American who lived in France and as somebody with high expectations of both of these cultures, I must advise anyone who values their money to stay away from this most unrespectable establishment.
The food, service and atmosphere were absolutely horrid.
If I could offer a negative rating I would rate our experience as a -2, at least!

Just wanted to let everyone know, do not waste your money going to MIMIS for breakfast or anything at all.
Been taking a friend my husband and i for years at MIMIS, not knowing their menu changed drastically for breakfast.
1.  the omelets are not true omelets, they have some they call an omelet and it is an open face omelet with egg whites (gross) open face is called a frittata.
2.  some of the omelets are with a salty ham 3.  there is not meat on the menu 4.  they took away the broccoli omelet 5. there is only 2 omelets one is not an omelet 6. they eliminated and took off items 7. the potatoes are awful and dry nothing mixed with them if you want something with the potatoes, it is extra 8.
THEY CHARGE FOR ORANGE JUICE NOW when it used to come with the breakfast.
9.  the only items good are the french toast they are trying to mix american with french 10.  their croissants are awful all covered with salt and pepper cannot eat it.
THE BEST PLACE IS THE GOOD EGG, US

Sorry, I can't give this anything higher than a 2 rating.
I made the mistake of not staying at my lovely hotel for breakfast.
Thought this would be faster to get our day started.
Wrong-o.
Long wait on a Sunday morning.
Perhaps to be expected.
But, after waiting so long, had a mediocre experience.
This is NOT food I would typically wait for.
The server was so stressed and serving far more tables than beyond his capacity that I doubt anyone was getting decent service.
From my observation this was true of all the servers in the area.
The noise level was incredibly loud.
This made for a non-relaxing Sunday morning brunch-time.
Personally, I do not see the attraction for the crowd that seemed to be willing to wait for such mediocrity.

On the night of 3/26/14, we decided to order takeout from Mimi's Cafe on N. Tatum.
We were staying in the area and, although we had been to other Mimi's, we had never patronized this location before.
According to Yelp, it was open until 11:00pm so we tried placing an order online.
However, we kept getting an error message and ended up calling instead.
As it turned out, this location actually closes at 9:00pm.
They apologized for the confusion and said they were trying to get corporate to update the Yelp info.
(Also, their online ordering system had pick-up times up to 11:00.
) Despite it being just a few minutes before closing, they happily said we could still order.
I rushed over to the restaurant arriving a few minutes after 9:00.
The door was still unlocked and a few tables still occupied.
I was quickly greeted and told our order was not quite ready.
The three employees I interacted with could not have been nicer even though we felt we were being somewhat of an imposition with our literally last minute order.
Our entrees and desserts were very good and very reasonably priced.
Actually, and I know this sounds odd coming from a customer, I think the food was under-priced for what we got.
A very good experience!

Had a really enjoyable time here 2night, my dinner d8 & I had a business dinner w/ a dear friend & were pretty impressed w / the amazing food & service in a quaint little atmosphere.
Surroundings did sometimes get pretty loud from other patrons (even when not Happy Hour) but their blender or whatever it was put that 2 shame w/ ear~bleeding screechiness .
Seriously, it's dead, get a new 1 already!
Really, the only reason they're getting 4 instead of 5 as we had 2 b subjected 2 it about 3 Xs tho coulda been worse since we were there 4 a few hrs, but dang EARPLUGS any1?
We were seated @ a booth & happily greeted by our w8tress who started us off w/ our drink orders.
Unsweetened raspberry tea 4 me, the guys got sodas.
Shortly after placing our orders we were presented w/ a bread basket which had adorable mini sz looking french bread loaves & a darker bread which had walnuts (not sure what else) but was delicious!
I went w/ the Les Artichoke Frites (fried artichoke hearts w/ a very complimentary aioli sauce) & a bowl of tomato/basil soup.
My dinner d8 had the grilled Salmon w/ french Lentils & our business friend had the Signature Bouillabaisse which is a traditional Provençal~seasoned soup w/ mussels, shrimp & scallops simmered in white wine w/ potatoes & tomatoes served with garlic French baguette croutons.
They finished w/ a decadent Creme Brulee Cheescake  By all accounts, EVERYTHING WAS SCRUMPTIOUS & it being my 1st time here will certainly consider returning!!
But perhaps a different locale, unless earplugs r needed @ other 1's 2...

Been eating here for years but after a long time waiting, it's time to review.
Food may be good, but if you are in this area asking this kind of money, you should offer Wifi.
Yes, they insist they have it under "CafeWifi" but it never connects.
Until this is fixed they won't get anymore than a 1 star.
No business meetings can be held, I can't do work while waiting for my food.

I went here on a Saturday evening after 7:00 pm with my man.
The place was busy but not crowded.
We were seated right away in a lovely booth by a window.
I loved the decor and ambiance.
Everyone there seemed to be enjoying themselves.
This was our first time here (we had a gift card).
We told our server this and he let the general manager know.
She came by our table several times to make sure we were enjoying our experience and we really appreciated that.
I never knew the place had a French theme.
I heard "cafe" and figured it would have diner food, like a Denny's.
The food is much more fancy than a diner.
The food is French-inspired, so this was a new experience for us.
The menu is in English but the food titles are in French.
That made my man a little nervous but we pressed on.
My husband and I are kind of picky eaters so there weren't a lot of options that we liked but we did manage to find something delicious.
They have a great deal - 2 for $25.
Two appetizers, two entrees & a dessert trio to share.
The have a fixed menu of items to choose from with this deal.
This worked out well for us.
We were stuffed by the end of our meal and had half of our entree to take home.
Appetizers:  French Onion Soup for me, Caesar Salad for my man  --  We both loved our appetizers.
The French onion soup was thick and scrumptious, with nice amount of onions, a slice of baguette and dreamy melted cheese on top.
My man's Caesar salad looked very nice and he liked it very much.
I will post pics of these.
Entrees:  We both got the French Dip with mozzarella added, along with fries -- The French Dip was very tasty, nicely sized and a good amount of meat.
The fries were  standard fare but tasty.
Dessert:  The dessert is a trio, Cinnamon Apple Crisp with ice cream on top, Bread Pudding and a warm brownie with ice cream on top.
-- The Cinnamon Apple Crisp is divine!
I want to go back just for that.
The brownie was good too, nothing special but nice with the ice cream.
Bread pudding must be an acquired taste.
Not a fan but I'm sure some of you will love it.
I give this place 4 stars because I am a fan.
The food was tasty and our server was super nice and very attentive.
If you like French-inspired food then this place is for you.
If this place gets a more diverse menu it might get that extra star.

Mimis cafe has a french decór and a dimmed-lit atmosphere.
I felt like it was raining outside (when it wasn't) and I had that  cozy, lets order a cocktail and see where the day goes kind of vibe.
I ordered the eggs benedict.
Really good!
The yolk was runny like I like it, and the ham and potatoes pulled all the delicious flavors together while the biscuit was soft enough to absorb my leftover yolk!!!
Nommies!
The only thing I didn't love was our server, she was nice, but real quiet with no engagement.
It was my first experience here so i'll give it another try!
I will be back for the benedict, that wasn't overpriced and maybe for sunday morning cocktails.
I'm pretty sure there was a sign that said all day happy hour!
That's right up my alley!

Still 1 star.
Service was terrible.
You can email as many buy 1 get one free to your customers, but if the service is terrible and I have to track the manager down to get a check and cash me out.
Bad news.

