having never tried their williamson st. location, co-workers and i were happy to take a break from the office to check out the new restaurant in middleton.
when we walked in, the place was quite empty and we were immediately seated.
after deciding that single slices were the way to go (getting six people to agree on toppings is no easy feat); we enjoyed jovial conversation... for a while.
it felt like a long time to wait for pizza... the place started filling up, and the din increased, and finally!
the waitress brought our cheese bread (basically a sauceless cheese pizza.
talk about a profit-rendering food item!
)  my spinach-feta stuffed slice was good.
very feta-ey.
i might have rather had a yummy slice of veggie pizza, but more than two toppings seemed expensive.
the marinara sauce for the cheese bread was delicious.
not too tangy, not to sweet... if it's what they use for their pizza sauce, then that's what will get me back there again to try an unstuffed slice.
over all, it was a good value for the dough, though they still seem to be getting their bearings at the second location; i'm assuming the lunch crowd on willy st is slightly less busy and time constrained than the one  in middleton.

Very nice atmosphere in laid back Willy St.
Slices are nothing to write home about, but certainly fine.
Nice interior and a couple of seats outside.
Very very nice wait staff.

Driving by and tried it for lunch.
The staff tried hard to accommodate me because I was in a hurry and illegally parked outside.
Pizza was pretty good and service excellent.

Good thin crust pizza.
I had the PPPepperoni and  really enjoyed it

Roman Candle Pizzeria has quickly become my favorite pizza place in Middleton.
Granted, there isn't a whole lot of competition in the area.
Regardless, Roman Candle consistently serves an excellent thin crust pizza and has a good tap selection.
I've never had a bad experience here, and I've never been to the Willy Street location so I can't compare.
The prices are a slightly high compared to other Middleton places but fair for what they offer, though I bet a made-to-order pizza could start to get pricey.
Overall it is a strong four star place, with only a few drawbacks.
I tend to always go with one of the specialties as I don't usually care to take the time to argue about the toppings on a made-to-order pie.
The specialties at Roman Candle are all good.
My personal favorite is the Professional, though had you told me that I'd really enjoy broccoli on a pizza a few years ago I'd never have believed it.
The jalepenos combine with the creamy alfredo sauce exceedingly well, and if it weren't for a desire to try the others I probably wouldn't have ever ordered anything else.
The signature Roman Candle pizza is another one of my favorites - I apparently love the spicy pizzas.
My last time there we went with the Pestoral.
At first I thought that it was a bit much, since a little pesto can go a long way for my taste.
However, by the second slice I was really enjoying it.
It was the kind of pizza that only works for me on crispy thin crust, which was perfect in balancing out the melted feta and mozzarella and the olive oil.
Also, the little fold-down trays for the pizza are really a brilliant idea.
I haven't ever tried the pasta here, but it is all RP's and on that alone I can recommend it.
Also, the appetizers here are all tasty.
The deluxe cheese breadsticks with marinara are a meal in itself, and the garlic bread with spinach and cheese is a standard.
I also want to try the shallot and bleu cheese filo wraps one of these times.
The tap selection changes from time to time, but there always seems to be a couple Lake Louies and of course Capital.
The drawbacks to the place are that service can be pretty slow, though the waitstaff always is apologetic about it.
I've never stopped for lunch, but a friend that works in the area has always said that it is quite busy.
The booths can be a bit uncomfortable, as they have hard backs.
Sometimes the young children can get a bit out of control, and the place can get a bit loud.
These are all fairly minor issues, and are all pretty common for downtown Middleton.
I haven't gotten delivery from this location so I don't know how fast it is, but it is free for orders over $12.

My boyfriend and I recently moved from the near east side to Middleton, and since Roman Candle on Willy St. was a frequent of ours, we hoped the Middleton location would not disappoint.
Same great pizza, still a nice vibe--took one star off because  they don't have as much outdoor seating as the east side, and it's just not as open and light.
We like the House Salad(greens with tomato, cucumber, bacon, blue cheese and balsamic).
It's so good.
As far as pizza, the Pestoral(feta, artichoke, kalamata olives, roasted red pepper, and yes...pesto) and the Margherita(classic with roma tomato, basil and fresh mozzarella slices) are the BEST.
My boyfriend does get a hankerin' for some meat on occasion, and their sausage mushroom is good too!

It was my second time coming here while visiting the boyfriend's family in Wisconsin.
Both times we came as a large group, including 2 young children, so this is probably why service was pretty bad.
Quite slow and unattentive.
I enjoyed the speciality pizza choices, and my Margharita with extra basil was good.
Everyone else liked theirs as well, and the house/garden salad looked delicious.
The restaurant itself is set up on 3 pseudo levels.
The main entrance has several booths and the kitchen, down a couple stairs are a couple tables, and the lower level has more tables, a play area for kids, and bathrooms.
The evening we were there, 2 musicians played Christmas music, which was nice but made the main entrance a little crowded.
Overall, I'd love to come back with a smaller group - I'm guessing the service would improve.

After the rave reviews I'll admit I may have had unduly high expectations for this pizza.
I got half margherita and half the roman candle(banana peppers, sausage and spicy sauce).
They were unable to do different sauces on each half of the pizza(pretty weak) so the margherita had spicy sauce too which was straight because I'm a spicy food fiend.
The roman candle was pretty good but the margherita pizza was not legit at all, they don't use fresh basil, and the fresh mozzarella isn't that fresh either and lacks flavor and they skimp on the tomatoes.
Roman candle serves up mediocre to decent pizza at best.

Wow, I must say I'm super shocked at the excitement of the reviews about this place!
I live nearby and and have tried Roman Candle multiple times, so I'd like to say I've given them a fair shot at winning my business.
My most recent and last experience was the worst.
The Caesar salad was a sad bowl of lettuce and croutons, for 8 bucks.
The dressing, which had a nasty thick yellow slimy film on the top was anything but Caesar dressing.... my husband and I think it may have been deviled egg filling???
P.s.
they forgot the anchovies!
Really, how many ingredients go in a Caesar salad?
On to the pizza, we had the margarita and Brad R. was right on the money.... not legit!
They were out of basil (what Italian pizza joint runs out of basil?
), the mozzarella was not fresh at all and the tomatoes were pale and yellowish.
Don't even get me started on the over-sauced crust, the thin crust couldn't even hold up to it!
This, along with the other pizzas I've had there in the past, where not good.
Roman Candle, I really wanted to love you, but I'm tired of the disappointment!

Everyone loved the "Pestoral" pizza, even our 14-year-old son (who almost never eats his veggies)!

I'm rating this based on food quality only since my dad and I got delivery.
Basically, the pizza is ok. Maybe for a thin crust pizza in the Midwest it's something special, but it really is pretty average compared to any pizza you could get on the east coast.
That's not to say it's bad, just that it isn't great.
Also, although the prices for just plain pizzas are alright, the prices for toppings are ludicrous.
If you want something like chicken on your pizza it's something like an extra $4!
Toppings are usually about $2 or less each so if you want to create your own pizza, be prepared to pay for it.
Overall, I gave Roman Candle 3 stars because of the average quality and the high price that you have to pay for it.
If the toppings were cheaper, I would probably give 4 stars.

Fair, I ordered to go and it was ok, that's all.
I would not order again.

Roman Candle has yet to knock my socks off.
I've been there a handful of times now and have never been wowed.
The pizza is good, but not great.
Their house salad is slightly above par.
The $7 lunch special for a soda/soup or salad/slice of pizza is a good deal.
It's nice because you can just get soup/salad or two pieces of pizza.
I'll go here if someone wants to go but won't go too far out of my way.

This one was a disappointment.
I gave two stars because I felt the caption "Meh.
I've experienced better" says it all.
I came in here thinking Roman Candle, in the hierarchy of pizzerias in Madison would place below Pizza Bruta but above Glass Nickel.
What I found was a mediocre pie, and in fact, not as good as Glass Nickel.
I ordered the house salad, it was good, fresh, which is becoming a rarity in Madison.
I am finding a lot of brown, slimy lettuce, even at the "so called" better restaurants.
The dressing was a house balsamic.
Nothing spectacular, standard fare, very common about ten years ago.
There were two points of note, I felt the bacon was too much for the salad, and the dressing was thick, too thick for a balsamic vinaigrette.
The salad didn't cost Roman Candle any points.
My issue is with the pizza.
This is a case where perception met reality with a thud.
First, I noticed that fresh basil is a topping at Roman Candle.
I highly recommend that one adds this as a topping.
This pizza needs basil.
It also needs more cheese.
I wouldn't say double cheese as the crust is not hearty enough to hold it, but certainly more than what was on mine.
The lack of cheese exposes the sauce and its faults.
First, for all the little legends on the menu, the fact that the cheese is from Wisconsin still does not point to a creamy, fresh tasting mozzarella.
In fact, this was a dry tasteless cheese.
The problem is when you have very little cheese and what there is, is tasteless, the sauce has to dominate.
In this case, the sauce is exposed as bitter.
There are very few varietals of pizza that allow the sauce to be bitter.
Pizza sauce should be sweet.
It should be sweet and sassy, like a young playful girl.
It should not be bitter.
The sauce should peek above the cheese to touch the crust.
That part is a pleasure to eat or should be, if it existed.
Its where the bare sauce is cooked onto the crust.
No such on this pizza.
The biggest let down were the meats.
The menu says "artisinal pepperoni.
" If you say artisinal, I immediately think like Osteria Mozza in LA or Eataly in NYC.
In Madison, artisinal clearly means anything not by Oscar Meyer.
This is not artisinal.
Its not pepperoni where you can taste the fressh pork, and the seasonings.
The sausage falls victim to the same inability to impress.
I guess if its not Johnson Brothers, it is gourmet.
Roman Candle is an average pizza.
Nothing special, not really worth the effort to visit.
If you do go, I recommend extra cheese and fresh basil.
The rest is in your hands.

Standard moderately thin crust pizza.
Several non-standard bottled soda choices.
Comfortable atmosphere for adults or families.
Not spectacular but has been a reliably good experience for me.

I craved thin crust pizza and I read some online reviews and decided on Roman Candle.
I ordered a cheese pizza and herbed breadsticks to pick up.
When I place my order I confirmed that the breadsticks came with marinara sauce.
I drove there, paid, and they handed the pizza to me; they forgot my breadsticks.
So they quickly boxed some up and I went home.
When I got home I saw that they didn't include any marinara sauce so I immediately called them to let them know, they said they were sorry and that was it.
After I found some spaghetti sauce to dip my breadsticks into I tried them.
They were hard, dry and slightly burned.
So, I called again and they said they were sorry again and that they would sent a gift certificate to make up for it.
So, today, I received a gift certificate for an order of breadsticks.
I wasn't going to redeem it, but then I realized that essentially I've already paid for these bread sticks since the first order I got was bad.
The pizza was just okay.
It had too much sauce for my taste and was mostly forgettable.
Other than redeeming the "free" breadsticks that I've already paid for, I will not be returning.
If I can, I will include a photo of the breadsticks in my review.

For anyone who says, doing half and half pizza sauces, as in half margherita and half banana peppers and sausage, is "weak", lemme tell you...they're making the pizza in the kitchen.
They are under pressure, orders flying in from all different angles, take out here, order in there, medium with extra sundrieds, sub black olives for broccoli add pine nuts, extra sauce...it's no joke.
So, that being said, they can't always split a pizza in half because the sauces just don't mix and they gotta cook it and prep and all that jazz.
So, is the pizza good?
Yes, hands down, this pizza is really friggin' good.
The BBQ chicken is wet my pants good.
The Algo Malgo or whatever it is called is truly delicious.
If you're looking for a quick lunch spot, get your ass in there and enjoy the pizza/salad lunch deal, for it will not disappoint.
Order the cheese slice if you like, but since they have the dozens of toppings to choose from, live a little and put some meatballs or eggs or fresh artichokes and make it the way you dream it.
OVERALL: One of the top pizza place in Madison or Middleton.

This place just doesn't make good pizza.
For the price it's pretty darn bad.
We used to love it and ordered there a couple times per month, but their consistency went down and now the crust doesn't even seem homemade.
On the plus side it's very kid friendly.
Bucks is better and cheaper or if you are willing to drive they Ians.

I eventually went back to redeem the bread sticks coupon (I stopped at Papa Murphy's for a pizza).
Once again the bread sticks were dry and seemed slightly over-cooked, not soft and chewy like the lady on the phone said they were supposed to be.
At least they remembered the marinara sauce.
This time they twisted the bread sticks instead of leaving them flat.
I won't be returning.

I have to say, this was some of the worst service I've ever had at a local restaurant:  -Our waitress got my drink order wrong twice, never brought my companion's drink, brought the wrong kids meal, and was surly each time she approached our table - which wasn't often.
-The restaurant was practically empty, yet it took 40 minutes for our food to arrive.
-Neither the waitress nor any other staff member ever stopped by to let us know what was going on or apologize for the delay, though we had hungry toddlers waiting.
-When we arrived, they told us they don't seat people downstairs in the daytime, yet a group came in half an hour later and was seated downstairs - and received their food before we did!
-They tried to argue with me when (after 40 minutes) I told them to cancel my daughter's order, box whatever food was ready, and bring the check.
-When I arrived home with my food, I found that the $7 appetizer I bought consisted of three tiny pieces and a clump of greens - for twice the cost of a slice of their mediocre, dry pizza.
For being billed as a "family" pizza place, they were anything but family-friendly.
The food is of poor to middling quality at a premiere price tag.
I will never visit this restaurant again, and would not recommend it to anyone I know.
If you need a replacement venue, Cafe Porta Alba offers a far superior pizza experience for both foodies and their families.

Wife and I have always enjoyed our visits.
We've only had the pizzas recently, but in the past I've loved to get the cheesey bread and the tomato bisque soup.
Yum!
My mom's not so impressed with it, but I know my wife and I love it.
The pizzas tend to be a little less greasy then other pizza joints we frequent.
Last time in even had a vegan pizza without cheese and enjoyed it.
(Ok, we hadn't realized it didn't have cheese till it came, but we still liked it).

They have a lunch deal "pizza, drink, and soup or salad for 7.99" not bad, pizza is not bad

I don't know if management changed, but this place really got better overnight.
The menu is different and includes a really nice vegan option now.
The service is better.
And we've had several orders in a row that were perfectly prepared.
Nice.

The pizza is excellent and it is one of the kid friendliest restaurants in town (it has a dedicated dining and play area for parents with kids).
That said, the pizza is soooooo much better at the restaurant than when you order delivery.
I'm no sure why, but the pizza is never as good when they deliver, it always comes very lukewarm.

The best pizza in Middleton.
Unfortunately.
It's good.
I just wish it were great.

This is consistently in our top three Madison area pizza joints.
We order thin crust, and often sausage, mushroom and onion with fireworks sauce.
A few times our crust has been a little too charred, but when it's not, it's PERFECT.
Good chew to the crust.
Service is consistently good.

Worst pizza experience ever!!!
First, we ordered a large supreme pizza and it came to our table half baked, when you cut into the sausage, it was quite pink on the inside.
The Manager said that there were trainees in the kitchen.
OK.  Let's go for another pizza.
The 2nd pizza was delivered to our table and I could see that a couple of the outer crust of a few pieces were burnt.
That didn't look good.
We served ourselves a couple of pieces and found that the bottom of the pizza was black and burnt.
We have been to this location on numerous occasions without incident.
It just wasn't our night OR theirs?

This is a neighborhood pizza joint in the truest sense of the term.
You instantly feel like family and the pizza is amazing.
I particularly like The Professional and the soup is exceptional.
There's better pizza joints out there but not many that are as warm and friendly.

The food is good, but the service is a joke.
I take that back because it is not even funny...
I work down the street and often come here for lunch with co-workers.
They can never seat us together.
The sad part is they have a large table on the lower floor but that section is all ways closed.
I asked "why" on this visit and our waitress said it wasn't cleaned from the weekend.
Mind you it was Wednesday!

The pizza is very good to be sure, often excellent.
But for pizza it is pricey, really pricey.
My wife and I can't get out of there for under $50 with only one drink apiece.
So RC is our special occasion dine-in pizza place only.
I'll admit I used to be a much bigger fan than I am now.
I was once a weekly lunch eater and a 8-10 times/year evening dine-in customer.
Pies were good, lunch special was killer, and the staff was competent and friendly.
Unfortunately all good things must come to and end.
I can tell that the owners are messing with the good thing they had going, probably trying to squeeze more profit or maybe franchise it.
In the process, they're destroying their reputation and losing lots of customers, including all of my friends who used to patronize.My discontent now arises from several factors.
For one, the lunch special.
It used to be a great deal and the slices were huge.
I always left there well fed.
But in the past year the slices have shrunk to about 50% of their original size.
Price has stayed the same, of course.
They also won't make you custom slices like they used to.
Have to stick with the daily choices, many of which are not good.
Second, the service.
Used to be top shelf.
Made me feel really welcome and confident that my experience was important to them.
No longer the case.
They tend to argue over their mistakes, they also aren't quick to correct it and they seem to like to tell people "no, we can't do that anymore.
" There's been a lot of turnover in the four years I've been going here, but most of it recently, and I don't blame them.
It is often understaffed, which puts a lot of stress on those working and makes customers angry.
To top it off, on multiple occasions I have seen the owner be there during rushes and not lift a finger to help out.
Twice I've heard him insult his staff to customers and once he even berated a server in the middle of a crowded dining room.
I don't need to see that behavior when I'm eating, and it is indicative of the type of environment that he has created for his quick-to-quit employees.
And what a shock, your ill-treated staff has now created unhappy customers.
Reduced flexibility has taken its toll as well.
It started with no substitutions, then they started pre-making their salads for lunch, which meant I couldn't swap cheeses like I used to.
Then the slices, so I couldn't order something that wasn't the daily slice.
All of these were previously reasons I wanted to dine there.
Last is the quality of the product (and the care in its preparation) has receded.
The salads used to be very good.
Lately I've received wilted, slimy spinach in my salads and have to send them back.
My pizzas often come out overdone, and the amount of any given ingredient on my pizza has shrunk to a fraction of what I used to receive.
As a result, the pie just isn't worth what I pay for it anymore.
I used to be a big fan of RC, but I have bad luck with things I like and they eventually turn to mud.
RC has been no exception.
I wished it could have held on because they'd have kept me as a regular customer and even a promoter.
Instead, I'm on to other options because the experience just isn't worth the price anymore.

Just had the worst pizza of my life.
It was all sauce, barely any cheese and overall a big disappointment.
Called the manager; she told me that Margherita pizzas are usually not recommended for delivery or pickup.
Hmm..never heard that one before and I wasn't made aware of this when I placed the order.
She offered no refund or replacement.
I said nothing, I just wanted them to know because it was like having bread and sauce.
Any good restaurant would offer some sort of compensation.
I could have asked for one, I didn't call for that but it says a lot about them.
We've liked their food in the past so this was interesting.

Worst service ever.
A few friends and I ordered two pizzas and some bread sticks for delivery and after an hour and a half, still no pizza!
We called the restaurant and the staff told us the pizza was on it's way.
We waited another 45 minutes to no avail.
The pizza had still not arrived.
We called the restaurant once again to cancel our order and they decided to mock us by saying they would check the oven and cancel our pizza.
Great way to keep customers.

Pizza not that great; sometimes burned; and the salad  not fresh, and looks old; dry, and the service is really bad; either the real server is out and not at work yet,  and when you find someone, she won't take the order as she is doing something else, and so I should wait for this supposedly real server, or  they chat in one corner, and takes a long time for someone to come to your table;   it is highly chaotic- am not going back there.
Odd service; it;s a good place for kids, I guess.
They need to replace this place with professional people; or who really enjoys working there.

While the pizza was delicious (I especially liked the Cheeseburger pizza), the service here killed me.
We went in shortly after opening and were sat by our server.
We waited a total of 10 minutes with no one coming by our table (we were the only table in the restaurant).
The manager (i'm assuming) was behind the bar area looking at paperwork, and another server was putting up Christmas Decorations.
We kept looking around going...are they just gonna ignore us?
After 10 minutes (I timed it) I had to get up and go ask if they were going to serve us.
They apologized and said there was a miscommunication about who was helping us and the girl that sat us ended up serving.
Either way, after 10 minutes, SOMEONE should have said something!
We were so close that we could hear them talking about what they should make for a new pizza.
If we could hear the details for that, they could hear us expressing our frustration with being ignored...and being the only people in the restaurant and ignored.
If that was me I would have sent over a manager to apologize, yet nothing.
Nothing other than sorry he thought it was my table and I thought it was his.
The pizza was good but honestly not good enough for me to want come back.
I've got no problems with things like this when a restaurant is busy, or even if I felt the apology was sincere.
But when that doesn't add up, I'll spend my money elsewhere.

Pizza was excellent!
I ordered the Vegan Destroyer and it was extremely flavorful.
I had ordered online earlier in the day for a 6:30pm pick-up.
I still had to wait 10 minutes for my pizza to come out.
It was a busy evening and I guess I should not be annoyed about a wait for a freshly prepared pizza, but it would have been nice to have it ready when I requested.

Delicious as usual!
I was recentlyish diagnosed as unable to eat gluten, and have been craving pizza ever since.
Glass Nickel's gluten-free crust disappointed me, so I was hesitant to try Roman Candle's.
I am THRILLED to report that I was pleasantly surprised.
The pizza was delicious, the crust was crispy and flavorful.
I didn't feel "left out" or like I was "settling" at all.

The Roman Candle is my favorite casual-Italian place in Madison.
The pizza is better than most in Madison, but it's the pasta and the lunch specials that make this place really shine for me.
My current favorite is their lasagna, and prior to that, it was their now-discontinued pesto lasagna, which was incredible.
Unfortunately their pasta selection is small, but what they do have is worth getting.
The pizza is, by my reckoning, better than any of the big-name delivery places in Madison (Falbo's, Figaro's, Glass Nickel, etc.).
It's the only one that I'd consider good as a non-native Wisconsonite.
Cooking time has always been reasonable when I've had one (always eat-in), and they've all been tasty.
The Vegan Destroyer is worth a call-out; it was highly satisfactory to both my vegan sister and me, and I'm not even vegetarian.
The lunch specials are $7.99 on weekdays for a choice of two among a pasta, a slice of pizza (you get a big slice with these), a salad, or their red pepper soup, plus a fountain drink.
I'm not a salad person, but they have some pretty good salads, and the red pepper soup is fantastic.
Pretty reasonable, and fairly quick too.
In my experience, the service, while not perfect, is usually pretty decent (I usually eat at the Middleton one, less often Fitchburg).
The only issue I've had is when one pizza came out slightly burned.
They admitted it, made another one, and that one came out just right.
I can't remember anymore if they adjusted the bill or anything because of it, but I figure they're close to average in that sort of thing for the number of times I've visited.

Horrible service.
Pizza was blah and not worth the 50 minute wait for a thin crust.

Pizza was good, but our dine in experience was a definite Meh...
When we arrived there were only 3 - 4 tables but for some reason we were seated in the basement and wedged into a back corner?!?
Now, the upstairs is quite nice with several tables set in a well lit almost sun room like area and others that offer a view of the semi- open kitchen so the atmosphere of the dark basement with it's worn tile was way different.
We ordered two beers and 2 Rootbeer floats for the kiddos, and although the floats arrived quickly, it took the server 3 trips to the table, and after we'd ordered, to get the beers to us with a mumbled explanation of 'too much foam'.
The pizza was good, I have to say Glass Nickel is noticeably better, but this was still good pizza with a nice thin crust and fresh toppings with a really good sauce.
Overall, it wouldn't be my first choice for takeout or delivery and I would avoid the dine in experience all together.

-vegan destroyer -pizza -eat the pizza.
become the pizza  yums

A great spot for a casual meal.

Roman Candle is our favorite place to go to for pizza and we travel 30 miles for a fix.
The crust is thin and crispy and the toppings are very fresh.
You may wait a little for a fresh made pie, but it is worth it!
I also love the house salad with balsamic vinaigrette.
The quality is very high and the price is reasonable for expensive ingredients, ( fresh mixed greens, blue cheese, bacon, cherry tomatoes).
It helps stave off hunger if you're too hungry to wait for your pizza!

Food = 4 stars Service = 1 star  We have eaten at Roman Candle dozens of times and it is consistent - good food, terrible service.
The convenience, and kid's play room in the basement are what keeps us coming back.
However, we are going to take a break for a while.
A couple of weeks ago my wife called on a Tues or Weds to make a reservation in the basement for a group of ten (six adults, 4 kids) for the upcoming Friday.
"No problem" she is told.
They took the usual info - name and phone number.
We show up and they tell us they have no reservation and no room for us because a group of 25 has reserved the basement area.
Then they tell us there is no way we had a reservation because they always require a credit card when making a reservation.
Nice - they just called my wife a liar!
I could go on and on about the bad service we have received at Roman Candle.
But I won't...
I think my 2 star rating speaks volumes.
One more thing...
Fix the damn bathroom in the basement!
It has been "out of order" for over a year.

Great little pizzeria!
I have been here several times and the pizza is so yummy.
I ordered a medium sausage, artichoke, caramelized onion, and mushroom pizza.
I must say the have the best sausage I've EVER eaten on a pizza.
Artichokes were seasoned nicely and wonderful fresh mushrooms!
The reason for only 4 stars was the service.
We waited 10 minutes with out being served with menus and drinks.
The waiter was rushed and seemed to hide in the back a lot.
Drink refills were scarce and we waited forever for our pizza.
But it was truly worth the wait and I hope the service incident was isolated.
We will be return customers!

Sprechers Rootbeer on draft + pizza + spinach salad.
Order it.
Eat it.
Love me.
As others have said the dine-in experience is not really a good one.
That being said if you are looking for an inexpensive piece of good thin crust pizza eat here.
I have been several times, the service isn't great, but the portions are huge and the food comes out fresh.
Lunch combo is an amazing steal.

Yum!
Roman Candle is delicious!
Their red pepper and tomato soup is AMAZING!
So flavorful and rich.
My two favorite pizzas are The Roman Candle (spicy sauce, Italian sausage, briny banana peppers) and the barbecue chicken (BBQ sauce, green peppers, red onion, tender chicken, and optional jalapeños).
I watched my beau devour a generous spinach salad that he really enjoyed.
Service has always been good.
Attentive, but without making you feel rushed.
But seriously, get the soup!

We were in Madison for 5 nights...we ended up eating here twice because it was so good.
We split the asparagus, the house salad, and the Supreme pizza with a gluten free crust and habanero drizzle.
Also enjoyed a locally brewed smoked porter, and of course, some AMAZING ice cream.
We loved the little play area for our 2 year old, and our server was amazing on checking with us even though we were the only people down in the basement, and we took our time enjoying beers on a Friday night.
The host the original night we went (just got some to go that night) was SO cool..brought out a coloring book for our daughter while we waited, and made awesome pizza recommendations.
Really, really loved this place...please come to Denver!!!

Used to love this place.
My go to has been the Algo Malo, w/ beets, Gorgonzola, walnuts, and arugula.
However, there seems to be a consistent decrease in the amount toppings.
Arugula- usually when applied to pizza a heavy hand is needed due to wilting, not here, one could count the leaves.
Gorgonzola- a small mound in the soggy center, and no where else to be found.
And the worst offense- Beets, a paltry two baby beets were sacrificed for a large pizza, cut in small squares to appear bountiful.
What gives Roman Candle?
I wanted to believe it was a one time thing, but i'm starting to believe you're pinching too many pennies.

My office orders delivery from here *a ton* and I've been known to frequent this location after group bike rides at the Capital Brewery.
If I had to venture a guess, I'd say I've had at least 30 deliveries/visits here in the past few years.
Most recent visit on 5/6/14 started out a bit unusually, but didn't impact the overall experience.
The last visit was odd because upon arrival at 8:00pm, it appeared as though the dining room was closed.
There was an employee counting out the cash register, the kitchen looked dark, and there wasn't anyone in the dining area.
The door indicates their hours are "11am - close" which isn't anything too helpful...  We eventually got someone to seat us and to confirm that they were open until either 9pm or 10pm; that was still a bit unclear.
Ok, now on to everyone's favorite part - where I stop rambling and just highlight the notables.
+ Friendly service + Comfy booths + Decent rotating tap selection - Taps are a bit on the pricey side ($15 pitcher of Lake Louie?
)  + As noted, the red pepper/tomato soup is wonderful + The salads are usually quite good  + Chewy crusts with just a slight char; crusts are similar to "hand tossed" style - Depending on toppings, the center of the pizza can get floppy/overwhelmed + Fresh, tasty toppings - Extra toppings are *pricey*   + Great delivery service; no issues, ever  So, all things considered, RC is a solid place.
Wish they were a little less ambiguous about their hours and that they didn't give the appearance of being closed at 8:00pm on a Tuesday, but it all worked out in the end.
I'll continue to visit/frequent them.

Yum!
The Vegan destroyer with the fireworks sauce is sooo good.
The pizza is delicious and not overly greasy.
Takes a little longer than the bigger chains like dominos, but well worth the wait.
On the pricier side, but the ingredients are high quality.
Wish it were a little more affordable though, I would definitely order more often if it were!

I don't usually eat pizzas that much on my own because my work place caters them all the time for events and functions, but when I do, Roman Candle is one of the places I would go to.
I love their pestoral pizza!
Featuring Spring Green basil, house-blend cheese, artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers, Kalamata olives, fresh tomatoes and Wisconsin feta over pesto, all the yummy toppings on a pizza.
The new hot-wa-ii is also awesome.
It's similar to a hawaii pizze, but comes with Roman Candle's own Fireworks sauce (caution: spicy) and Pineapple-Chipotle drizzle.
Great variety of pizzas for hanging out with friends or snuggling in house for a movie, pizzas for every occasion ~~

