They called to tell me that I did not win the car I had entered a contest for.
Instead I won 3 free nights and days at the Luxor or Excalibur hotel.
Course the catcher?
I'd have to give them $124 on my credit card as a sign of good faith.
No thanks.
Also I'd be required to do a tour of their resort, where they'd lure me into buying a time share.
Me thinks not.
I'm kinda annoyed that me entering a contest to win a car at the Luxor meant that they would take my info and call and try to lure me into a time share.
Its not a scam its just annoying.
You have to say no.
Repeatedly.
Damn you Luxor!
Damn you Cris Angel!

I don't know how they work.
When you sign up they say that it can be cancelled anytime and you get the money back, and now they say that since I did not avail the offer as they did not have any rooms available on weekends, I lose the money.

Stay away from them.
they lure you to buy their voucher.
you think you get to stay in plazzo or venetian for very good price.
When you call them to book your vacation, they ask you if you have read their terms and conditions carefully.
They want you to attend a mandatory time share to be eligible for vacation package.
It is just a nuisance to do all that stuff.
Of course they don't tell you those things when they are selling you these vouchers.
Bunch of cons

Like most, I came to the conclusion they are a dishonest s$@$show.
Do not think about doing business with them.

If i could give it a 0 star i would have.
Awful ppl don't do business with them.
They will persistently try to sell u time shares at an inflated annual percentage for dumb free show tickets.
Even after u say no they keep on pressuring u to buy.

Anything good comes at a price that would involve spending money or time, but the BEST THINGS COME FREE.
My wife and I went to Las Vegas for the 2013 New Year celebration when we signed up for their timeshare presentation.
The signup incentive was complimentary 2 weekend nights OR 3 week nights stay in either the Venetian or the Palazzo hotel.
During the signup we were asked to deposit $249 which would be returned after the presentation and our stay was over.
Initially we were a bit skeptical but in the past I have done similar presentations in Hawaii, so decided to take the chance.
For our anniversary we felt why not go to Vegas and use the complimentary stay provided by Grandview, but we knew we should keep a day aside for the presentation as this was the price we had to pay to save money.
Our anniversary was coming on a weekend but there were no openings on that day so we booked for 3 nights earlier that week and decided we would pay money and stay in some other good hotel over the weekend to celebrate our anniversary.
This way we would get the feel of staying in different hotels and compare.
We decided to choose the Palazzo hotel over Venetian and made our booking and were scheduled to arrive on a Tuesday.
We told the presentation would be setup on Wednesday or a Thursday  that week depending on availability.
On the Tuesday we arrived at Las Vegas went to their welcome center to collect the voucher for staying at Palazzo hotel.
We filled all our particulars and guess what to our surprise the agent said all presentation slots are booked for the rest of the week so he said he would waive the condition for us to attend the presentation, plus he said after our stay we would be refunded the $249 we had paid while signing up.
So we ended up staying at the Palazzo without spending the room fees or spending time attending the presentation, so for most part our stay was FREE.
Only thing we had to pay was the resort fee that came up to $85, which less than half the price for one night's stay in a hotel like Palazzo.
OK our stay was not entirely free in the strict sense as we had to spend $85, but this very small amount to pay for what we got and no wastage of time watching presentation that can be a nightmare for many people.
The room was awesome and the view was great.
The Palazzo staff is very curious too.
After this we stayed at Mandalay Bay to celebrate our anniversary.
And yes after I returned from my trip I checked my bank account and the $249 was credited back.
So keep your fingers crossed if you are signing up, hope for the best but be prepared for the worst.
Looking at other reviews it gives me an impression either I have been very lucky to have a good experience with Grandview or people with positive experience are not providing any feedback.
Like "they" always say, give the "devil" its due, so thank you "Grandview".

This place was horrid, what was to be 2-3 hrs was 5-6hrs & when you're on vacation, time is of the essence.
We had a sales guy who understood that we had to get going after breakfast, could we please look at place and go?
He said "too bad, there are procedures to follow and you have to expect this".
We explained that we had family event, still nothing.
He had us sitting to meet his manager, said he would try to hurry it along.
My daughter went near them & listened, they were discussing sports!
He knew we were in a hurry and purposefully delayed us.
When I refused to shake the manager's hand - he called ME rude & the salesguy said "Well you aren't buying anyway, so whatever" - um, I had enough money to buy a suite OUTRIGHT, but they were suck dicks that I would NEVER recommend dealing with them, nevermind buying anything from them.
BAD BAD BAD!

