"you've got to go to kandy" that's what my friend rob kept telling me.
I've spent the last 4 years going to get my hair done monthly to Elizabeth Arden Red Door Salons.
In texas and then in arizona.
I didn't like Arden in Phoenix.
It was old and uninspiring, but I went there, because of habit.
I made the change and it's faboulous.
I'm hesitant to post this mainly because she's very popular and a one woman show, but sharing helps my karma and Lord knows I need some help!

Kandy is hands down the best stylist/colorist I have ever had.
I have lived in the San Francisco Bay Area and Los Angeles, and she tops them all!
Love her and highly recommend her!

A family friend gave me a gift certificate for a free haircut with Damian.
I'm broke, I'm a teacher, I like free stuff and my hair was in a mighty sad state.
I called and made an appointment for the next day.
Whoever answered the phone was friendly and accomodating and gave me excellent directions to the shop.
When I arrived at the shop the next day, I was a little unsure.
Snapdragon is in a nondescript, mostly vacant office complex.
It is in the back part of the complex and has no street visibility or signage.
In fact, aside from a for lease sign on the front of the building there is no signage at all.
But, again, I'm broke, a teacher and my hair sucked.
So I parked and walked in.
The minute I opened the door my worries were completely wiped away.
The shop is small, intimate, well decorated, warm and welcoming.
The staff was friendly and greeted me with an offer of a beverage (I opted for the wine).
After a couple minute wait (I was early), Damian fetched me from the comfy couch and brought me back to his station.
He was friendly and funny without being pushy or obnoxious.
He took time to talk to me about my "hair history" and what I wanted to do today.
He was sure to ask me not just about length but style too (rock and roll or classic and conservative).
I was just there for a cut but we also discussed color options for a future visit and I was glad to learn we were on the same page with our ideas.
I was ready for a change so I let him cut off about 4-5 inches of my hair.
This is a big deal for a first time client experience.
Damian delivered.
He took his time and made sure everything was perfect before he let me out of the chair.
I love my hair, my mom loves my hair, my boyfriend loves my hair and my students love my hair.
Snapdragon uses bumble and bumble products which I can't afford so to me that was a luxiourous treat.
I like this little shop.
I believe they also have a manicurist, but not sure about aesthetician services.
I'll be back in a month or two for another cut and color!

Stopped in today for a pedicure.
They got me in pretty quickly, offered me coffee while I waited, and I enjoyed reading a magazine in their very calming, bright, modern waiting area.
Loved the music and the little courtyard and the sleek interior design.
Got  great pedicure and would not hesitate to go back.
Plus you can get lunch at Two Hippies across the street, so what's not to love?

OMG!!!!!
Janelle is amazing!
She did things with my hair I never thought possible.
Great service, so talented.
Great amazing vibe with the atmosphere, employees...best place I have EVER been EVER!
I will be coming back forever and bring all my friends!
My hair is naturally curly and lots of it.
I got the Keratene treatment and it's so soft, has awesome shine and I love it!
Best thing I ever did!

I was curious about the salon since the opened on Camelback last spring and their  new customer promotion finally got me to go.
I made the appointment the day before for Dania.
Couldn't be happier!
She listened to my needs and asked the right questions before we started to give me what I wanted.
The salon interiors are unique and comfortable.
The staff was friendly and professional... no divas in sight!
Pricing is very reasonable.
I'll be back and will recommend to my friends

I saw Damien's card on the bulletin board at my apartment building.
I was in bad need of a haircut so I stoped in.
First, the space is very well done.
Super fun and comfortable.
Appeals to my minimalist taste.
The shampooing chair is the most comfortable I have ever sat in.
I didn't feel like my neck was going to break.
Most important, I got a great haircut.
I came to Damien with a Great Clips mess and he saved the day.
I can walk around town with my head held high.
The price is on the high side but I'll be back!

my wonderful stylist, stephen, just moved to snapdragon on camelback and 5th street in cenPho, and i must say that i love, love, love the salon.
not as much as i love stephen, but enough that i hope he never, ever leaves.
the decor is beautiful.
trendy but warm modern with some surprising vintage touches.
huge mirrors, fabulous cutting chairs, and a wonderfully polished vintage green concrete floor.
the salon is clean.
and i mean CLEAN.
spotless mirrors and floors.
windows were squeaky clean, and that's quite a feat considering the massive amount of glass.
giant windows = light and bright salon.
beautiful.
there is an outdoor patio, a nice seating area, and a cozy table for laptopping while waiting or marinating in your color.
the shampoo chair is to-die-for comfy.
my one suggestion: the heat dryer needs a side table so those of us who flip through magazine after magazine while drinking cucumber-infused water and texting friends have a resting spot for loose items.
and stephen... wonderful, colorist.
amazing cutter.
couldn't ask for more.
anyone who can get my hair just the right color of platinum blonde is a winner in my book.
xo, my dear.
i'll never leave you.
that's all for now.
take care, brush your hair.
lola

This is a great salon.
I went there last week for the first time.
I think my stylist was named Janelle, I can't remember.
She is a very pretty, petite brunette with tattoos on her upper arms and legs.
She was wonderful.
Great customer service, great cut, great color.
She listened to what I wanted and gave me that.
I am kinda hard to please when it comes to hair stylists, but I am very happy with the job she did on me.
Most other places always make my hair too orangy and brassy, but here, they listened and made it a nice cool tone with beachy highlights that wanted, and avoided giving me the dreaded zebra-stripe look.
The salon is very cute, kind of small, and clean.
The other stylist kept checking in on us and offering suggestions and other good input.
I think she may have been the senior stylist, so I appreciated what she had to say, and my stylist incorperated her advice with what I wanted.
This place is young and hip, but not too "out there.
"   I wish they had a website and the building is a little hard to find, but those are my two only minor gripes.
I'll be back.

After two years in Phoenix, I finally got a hair cut and color that I loved!!!
I hate paying so much for a cut and color only to come out hating it... My experience was totally different.
I loved the trendy unique feel of the salon, it's clean, and friendly and overall everything I wanted.
Damien was just Brilliant with my color and haircut.
He gave me exactly what I needed and wanted.
Wonderful experience.
Thank you Snap Dragon.

Im a regular customer that keeps going back because of the service, great location and all the wonderful people that are there.
Ask for Damion or Kandy and they will take care of you.
John

Excellent service and experience.
Would highly suggest Stephen -- he really takes his time and considers your hair situation.
before doing anything and listens to your concerns.
--Love his English accent as well  :)   The staff is very friendly -- felt very comfortable there.

I would like alter my review a bit from before --- Though I will take more than partial blame for the condition of my hair right now -- I do feel that my stylist was a bit scissor-happy -- because after the shock of getting it cut so short-- it is not what I was thinking it would look like or behave-- at all.
The back is so undercut (something I have always absolutely hated having done) that will take another year or more to grow out -- I 'm getting extensions to deal with my anxiety over the style of it right now.
Though his intentions were good I feel -- he should have been more conservative than so extreme in the cutting.

I'm not usually one to write reviews, but I am so jazzed about my new stylist Alaina that I feel compelled to let people know.
I've always struggled with my hair (like probably most people) and have had a lot of stylists over the years.
Alaina is hands down the best I've ever had.
She is able to cut with the natural way my hair falls and I have realized that this makes all the difference.
Rather than trying to force my hair to do something it doesn't want to do, I can give it a quick blowdry and go and it looks great.
I can tell that Alaina is very skilled hair artist and takes her work seriously.
Alaina is also cheery and fun so going in to see her is a joy.
She gives free bang trims which for those of us with fringe is very important.
It doesn't seem to be too difficult to get in to see her.
The prices at Snapdragon are about what you'd expect for a nice salon (and I just love the ambiance) and well worth it.
The receptionist is wonderfully nice as well.
Try Alaina at Snapdragon - I can guarantee you wont regret it.

I started going here a few months ago - I am about to go back to see Janelle for the third time .
.my last two cuts have been really fantastic.
She takes her time, is super nice, she listens to what I want - not what she thinks I want but is really what she wants,  and is helping me reach my goal of growing it out.
The salon is especially cute and personal.

Amazing.
Kandy is the Edward Scissorhands of hair.
Salon is beautiful and your hair will be also.

I've seen Alaina twice for a Brazilian Blowout, which was the best choice i ever made and they best way to blow a couple hundred bucks.
I never thought my hair could be shiny, straight, i think i can even use the word glossy.
She did such a great job!

Gorgeous place!
Nice and VERY talented hair stylists!
Totally worth every penny!
It's a MUST for gals with curly hair :)

Damian is a genius!!!
I was referred to Snapdragon through Yelp as I was looking for a new stylist and they were able to set me up with a next day appointment with Damian.
I was a little nervous going to any new stylist due to many bad experiences but Damian was amazing.
He talked with me to get a feel for what was "me" and gave me an unbelievably amazing hair cut.
Couldn't ask for better- simply the best!!
Will definitely be going back.

Snapdragon is a fantastic salon!
Everyone is welcoming and friendly and all of the stylists work together to make sure the customer gets the best haircut.
Jenny McLain is particularly fabulous.
I found her at the Kohler Academy in Scottsdale and she gave me consistently great haircuts, even when she was in school!
Talk about a phenom!
She took me from long, blonde hair to short, brunette hair flawlessly.
Not only is she hip to the newest techniques and latest products, but she is also a wonderful person.
I really enjoy chatting with her at the salon and she remembers the little details of my life from my last appointment with her.
She is personable and makes my trips to the salon enjoyable.
Ask for Jenny for your next haircut; you won't regret it!

I made an appointment at Snapdragon because of its reviews on Yelp.
When I made the appointment, I was told that I would receive a 15% discount because I had found them on Yelp.
My appointment was with Steve who did a good (not great, and certainly not incredible) six week trim and blow dry on my shoulder length layered hair.
The shocker was the $65 tab for a run of the mill cut & blow dry, compounded by overlooking the 15% discount at check out.
To their credit, they did call shortly after I left and say they'd apply the discount to my next visit.
However, they did not offer to adjust the credit card sale to reflect the discount.
If they had, I would have accepted the offer because I had already decided I wouldn't be going back.
Granted, my very, very fine, very, very straight hair combined with a face that needs lots of hair volume for a flattering look is a challenge.
It wasn't a new style, it was a trim.
While this was not a bad cut, it wasn't great either.
It was simply run of the mill and should have been charged accordingly.

I have been going to Kandy for 15 years.
Even though I live in Scottsdale and work in Tempe I make it a point to be at Snapdragon every 3 weeks.
The salon it top notch and has a great atmosphere.

I had my hair done last night for the 2nd time by Damien and I'll I can say is WOW my hair has never looked so good!!
I work awful hours but Damien takes me in for late appointments and takes his time with my hair.
I opted to go short last night which is something I haven't done in 10 years and I LOVE it.
My girlfriends haven't seen me yet but the guys in my office are falling all over themselves telling me how much they love my new style!
Damian YOU ROCK :)

Really?
I could've sworn I had reviewed Snapdragon already.
Shame on me.
I wasn't looking too much for a new salon when I moved, but after hearing about Snapdragon and passing it several times, I had to give it a try.
I clearly remember the day I walked in to discuss an appointment and conveying that I needed someone that was not only good with color, but was okay with non-conventional color.
One of the stylists there was actually sad she wasn't available when I was.
When I came in and met Janelle for the first time I knew I was home.
She's hilarious and so good at what she does.
She's given me the courage and encouragement to add bangs to my look for the first time since I was 8 and to grow my hair longer than I thought would look okay.
She's given me recommendations for tattoo artists and we can talk local hangouts and even video games.
Not only that but she understands I'm low maintenance/tomboy when it comes to styling my hair in the morning and shows me maintenance that is low-key and fits with the reality of what I will do when I leave the salon.
The vibe is great, the prices are reasonable and it's now the place I call home.
Bonus points because the coffee is also pretty amazing.
Nothing is done half-assed at Snapdragon.

I was given a gift certificate to Snapdragon Salon and I had the best experience.
The staff is very friendly, offering drinks and homemade cupcakes as soon as you walk in.
The atmosphere is very relaxing and the music selection cannot be beat.
My appointment was with Stephen and he did a fantastic job.
He was a very mellow guy who took his time and cut my hair exactly as I wanted.
I highly recommend this salon to anyone and I will definitely be going back!

Kandy and the Snapdragon crew have been taking care of me for at least 5-years and I couldn't be happier.
The salon features modern design elements and is very clean.
The staff are always very friendly and appointments are on-time.
My hair looks great, what else can I say?
BOTTOM LINE: Definitely a cut-above the rest!

This place is the best.
A few weeks ago, my boyfriend and I were next door at the Two Hippies and I noticed this salon, I had always thought that it was like a health food restaurant for some reason.
I needed a hair cut and have been looking for a repeat stylist so I called.
They were able to get me in that Saturday afternoon with Stephan [I asked for Stephan after I read all of the other great reviews of him].
And boy did he deliver.
This man, Stephan, was one of the best hair stylists I have ever been to.
I never want to go to someone else ever again.
I have half a mind to have my mother drive up from Tucson to get her hair done here, I loved it that much.
He washed my hair, in a very comfortable basin, for upwards of twenty minutes!
I don't think my hair has Ever been that clean!!!
He has a wonderful sense of humor and was super talkative, and I felt like he actually cared about me.
The decor of the salon is Amazing, one of the other girls there makes all the terrariums herself [I LOVE THEM] and everything is just perfectly decorated.
At the end of my appointment, Stephan gave me a referral card and his business card.
The referral card gets your $10 off your next appointment and $10 off the person's appointment who uses it.
I gave mine to my boss the next day and she went in a few days later, they called me when she went in, left a voice mail about how appreciative they were for my getting them a new customer and they had already logged my discount into their computer for the next time.
A few days later, I sent my boyfriend with another referral card and he loved it almost as much as I do.
I will absolutely be going back.
I loved it.

Well, a long time ago I signed up on snap dragon's website  to be a hair model should they ever need one because I'm a student and on a budget at times.
They called me months later because they needed a bob model, which I was totally down for.
(it was free!
:)    I felt comfortable as soon as I walked in to this place.
The decor is like eastern carved wood and naturey (is that a word?
)    Stephen, one of their seasoned stylists cut my hair while Ana watched and followed on the other side of my head.
Ana is soooooo sweet!
She has a great personality and is easy to have conversation with.
And Stephen was very entertaining and joked around alot, and you can tell he is very precise in his technique  :) The cut was great and exactley what I asked for.
What a fabulous place!
I love my lady who cuts my hair now at my usual salon , but am entertaining the idea of trying out Kandy for highlights because she was voted AZ's best colorist in ALLURE magazine.....

I'd follow Stephen right back to Leigh-on-the-Sea if I had to.
Luckily for me he's well landed here at Snapdragon in Phoenix and I love this place (almost) as much as I love Stephen.
Just for the record I kind of hate getting my haircut.
I love the way it looks afterwards, but I always let it grow out too long and my bangs are hindering my eyesight by the time I give in to the necessity.
I have been seeing Steve for years and a haircut with him is like a well need visit with an old friend (replete with a few laughs).
I only wish all my friendly visits would leave me looking so good.
The cut, blow dry and style are $65, which is totally reasonable considering the time and finesse that go into cleaning up my all too often overgrown mop.
The nice thing about this salon is that it has a cool but not a toohipforyou vibe, coffee made to order (I even got my almond milk) and a very friendly staff.
Last time I was in the gal at the counter helped me figure out where to take my visiting friend for dinner.
As I write this I am wondering why I don't start getting my haircut more often.

After 5 years of searching in Phoenix for the perfect stylist, I have finally found him!
Damian is amazing!
Perfect color and cut/style.
Everyone at Snapdragon is so nice and talented.
Super excited and can't wait to go back!

I was in desperate need of a bang trim and decided to give Snapdragon a try.
I was tired of going to Great Clips and getting butchered.
My stylist was Jenny and she was really nice and friendly.
I can't wait to go back!

I followed Damian from his previous salon to Snapdragon.
He is a god with those shears... very patient and diligent.
You feel gorgeous once you get out of that chair.
The salon is beautiful and comfortable.
Everyone was super friendly to my ever-so-patient 4 year old who kicked it there for 5 hours while my mother and I got our hair done (both with Damian so that's the reason for the extreme time).
It's not necessarily a kid friendly environment so that was awesome of them.
I love the Bumble and Bumble products!
Overall my experiences there have been lovely!

I had an absolutely fantastic experience at Snap Dragon today!
Jenny is amazing!!
She was atentive, funny, and very understanding.
She did a Perfect job on my hair and helped me to pick out some great products.
I love the salon too!
The layout is incredible, the ambiance is fun, and all the people that worked there were fun and upbeat.
I have FINALLy found my hair salon!
I will be going back forever!
Jenny will be helping with my wedding hair and I look forward to seeing her for many years to come!
The price is right, and the hair is so fresh and so clean.
Boom goes the dynamite with Snap Dragon!

snapdragon salon is in my opinion the only place to go for a routine cut or a new style.
i would encourage and recommend that you book an appointment with janelle.
she has been doing my hair for over a year and a half and she always does a perfect job.
however, all the hairdressers are friendly and i'm confident anyone of them would give you the look you are looking for.
the salon is clean, stylish and very zen... so go relax and get a great hair cut!

This place is becoming an addiction for me.
Janelle is the best sylist I've ever had.
She's kind and really listens to what you want.
She just seems to "get it" and never makes a big decision without going over it in detail with you first.
Every time I go in, I am further inspired to go for the pixie cut I've always dreamed of, and each time I get a few inches closer.
I've now been going to this Salon for nearly ten months, and I don't plan on stoping any time soon!

I came to Yelp to find a new hair guru and found Kandy... Not only are they a Bumble & Bumble location but the salon is cute and Kandy rocks.
I've let her push me outside of my comfort zone and I've gotten more compliments on my hair than I ever have in my entire life.
I have really curly hair, so there isn't much to do to 'style' - so she brought in some fun new colors and actually shaped my hair to give it the best natural body/look ever.
It's no surprise that when others rave about a location that I'm guaranteed a great result.
I've converted my mom to a Snapdragon Salon fan and couldn't be more pleased.
I plan on sticking around for a loooooooooooooong time!

I followed yelp reviews here and I'm so glad I did!
I'm very happy with my haircut from Jenny.
It's so hard to find someone who understands my mop because it's naturally curly but I straighten it and put larger curls in there.
If I leave it naturally curly, I look like a homegirl.
Jenny's hair is the same exact way (except its a gorgeous reddish color) so she knew how to cut my hair and gave me exactly what I wanted.
I'm going back next week to get my tips lightened, just in time for sun kissed summer hair - can't wait.

UPDATE: Wow, Snapdragon is really getting busy these days!
Too bad that means that I was rescheduled again and again- mainly in the form of being notified that I had to see someone different than who I scheduled with.
And, that was despite booking out months in advance in response to having been rescheduled so many times.
I get it- doing certain events/clients pays more than my simple root touch up.
But, I get my hair done every three weeks and every few months have a complete highlight done and I tip appropriately.
So, doesn't it add up to being worth keeping the appointments with me?
And, shouldn't the respect of keeping appointments set with clients take top priority, anyway, regardless of any of that?
At any rate, I hope to find a stylist here who does as great a job with my color, since that's my main concern- my cut is fairly simple, I think- but whose schedule isn't so busy that I'll get bumped for higher priority events/clients.
I'm trying one more appointment to see how it goes before, sadly, seeking another salon.
If it happens, I'll update with info about my experience!
+++++++++++++++++++    It really can't get much better than this!
I called to make an appointment for a fairly complicated change in my hair color and style.
I have dark hair and wanted to go lighter and possibly do highlights with an ombre style, too.
The stylist, Jenny, asked if I'd like to come in that day for a free consultation so that she could see my hair and let me know what the price would be and get an idea of what I wanted.
The consult was very professional and friendly.
The salon is in a good location and extremely cute with a laid back atmosphere.
One good sign was that I liked the hair styles of all the stylists there and every client that was finished while I was there.
I was SO excited to go back the next weekend for my new style.
The service was flawless!
My very dark hair with dry ends and various regrowth/roots/old highlights, was lightened without harsh bleaching.
My new, lighter brown color is fantastic!
I emphasized that I did not want reddish highlights, which seem to always be part of having highlights in dark hair... and I got exactly what I wanted- highlights with not a trace of maroon/orange.
The ombre has lightened over this week beautifully just like Jenny said they would.
I got SO many compliments!
She was not only able to do what I requested- but it was even BETTER than I imagined.
She has the creativity to suggest styles and colors, which is very important to me...
I want a stylist, an "artist" with some vision to help me know what will look best, not just a robot to do what I say even it won't look good on me!
I would have probably cut my hair much shorter- but she was able to suggest a layered look around my face that gave me what I wanted without having to lose much length.
Nice!!
If you're looking for a fantastic salon with reasonable prices, great atmosphere, and truly talented stylists, THIS IS IT.
I booked for my touch-up before I even left.
AND, I want to mention this, because it's one of my biggest pet peeves with most salons, I was NOT upsold on hair products I don't need.
I did leave with a root touchup product but it was because *I* asked about how to take care of roots and the product was reasonably priced and a genuinely great recommendation.
They have Bumble and Bumble products and will answer whatever questions you have- but they don't do the annoying upsell and you won't be pressured to add "extras" to your service/bill.
If you've read my other reviews, you know that I've had some hard times with finding a good salon in Tucson OR Phoenix... well, I found it!
So, please keep this place busy and successful.
But, don't take my appointments with Jenny!

So glad I listened to all the good reviews about this salon.
I just moved to Phoenix and went to get my hair done at another salon in Scottsdale (Salon Tru), where the girl completely messed up my hair.
I came to see the owner Kandy today to do a hair fix.
I have thick wavy/curly hair and the the color fix was not easy.
All I can say is "wow!
" She is an amazing colorist and did one of the most precise jobs on my hair anyone has ever done.
She is very knowledgeable about hair and listened to everything I asked.
It's also the most I have ever spent on getting my hair done but, it was well worth it.
The salon itself is very cute and everyone who worked there was very friendly.
Nothing else to say except AMAZING...
If you want a 5 star haircut come and see Kandi :)

I would highly recommend Jenny as a stylist at Snapdragon salon!
I had a botched color job from a previous stylist (at another salon) and Jenny really took the time to listen to what I wanted as well as figure out the best route to take to save my hair from a hellish, botched dye job.
Jenny had to work until the wee hours of the evening to fix my pathetic, lifeless, frizzy, brown hair.
I loved that she did not push product sales on me and made sure to discuss thoroughly each process she was taking while doing CPR on my hair :).
Due to the dire state that my hair was in upon arrival at Snapdragon, my final cost was quite spendy (remember, I basically had recondstructive surgery on my hair lol), yet I cannot complain since it is so incredibly hard to find a good stylist.
Jenny is a very friendly yet attentive stylist who knows what she is doing and I would highly recommed her to anyone who wanted great color and a great hair cut!!!
Go see her (now!

I've never wrote a review on Yelp but this place is AH-MA-ZING so of course i had to.
Background info: My previous hair stylist completely ruined my hair.
Never go to Dolce Salon no matter what level.
In my case, the gal was a level 6 so that just proved to me that no matter how many levels Dolce has and how high up your stylist is, they can still completley jack your head up.
Back to my story, Three weeks ago, I had gone to Dolce to get a brown faid to light brown Ombre' sort of look and showed her a picture of exactly how i wanted it which was Miley Cyrus' new short ombre hair.
My hair was shoulder length and pretty healthy aswell.
When she took all the foils out of my hair, i was BLEACH BLONDE and only an inch (if that) of my hair right at the roots were dark brown.
So basically it looked like I dyed by hair bleach blonde and havent touched it up in a few months.
Even her assistant that was in training was at shock when she was styling my hair after.
By this time, my hair was ruined.
My ends were flaking off and everytime i took it out of a pony, brushed it or just played with it, it looked as if I was having a glitter party since my ends were flying everywhere.
Immediately, I called back for a complimentary redo and was able to get in there 3 days after my first appointment.
She ended up putting a toner on it and whada' ya know.. they over tone it so my hair then looked muddy (a darker blond with a green tint) WORST EXPERIENCE EVER especially when you pay $300.00 for all this and got NOTHING out of it besides a horror story.
3 Weeks later..
I found Snapdragon Salon through Yelp and I went and saw JENNY!
The cute and dainty gal that stands at the front was so comforting when I called and also really attentive when I came into the salon.
All the stylist are smiley and just how friendly they are made me feel like i've been going to Snapdragon for years 3.
The owner Kandy is so sweet and is also a hairstylist there as well voted Arizona's best colorist in Allure magazine!
She doesnt give you that, "im the owner so im better" sort of vibe at all.
Shes extremely layed back and when she was talking to Jenny and me about my "hair game plan" she talked to me like i was one of her girlfriends and was just the sweetest.
Not only is it a gorgeous salon, but they arent there for your money.
For a butcher of the hair and dye, it was $120 and it was the best results Ive ever had.
Their there to make sure you look gorgeous and happy and they arent penny pintchers.
Jenny rocks!!!
I will forever be a client of hers.
She has a funny and outgoing personality.
She the perfect gal to go to and have "girl talk".
Shes 100% honest with you and tells you exactly whats best for your hair even if its not something you may want to hear and styles with nothing else but pure love!
Jenny ended up staying until 9:30 with me to make sure it looked perfect and she ended up having to cut a good 3 inches off and also had to work with one side of my hair being shorter then the other from my ends falling off and it turned out super adorable and the stuff she put on my hair to correct the color (No chemical dye.
I forgot what she called it but its like a color stain and non permanent so it washes out in about 6-8 weeks) looked awesome!
No more green hair!
Now its darker at the top and faids to golden brown!
I was there for 3 hours so clearly you can see she didnt rush and took her time so I walked out looking fab  :)  ABSOLUTELY 100% RECOMMENT SNAPDRAGON!!!
My sister, mom and I ALL started going here and we LOVE LOVE LOVE it!
Thank You so much Snapdragon!

I've been to see Jenny McClain for two amazing, professional, and beautiful ombré color and cuts.
I tried this salon based on the yelp reviews, and I was not let down!
Nicole, the salon manager is fantastic!
The salon is nice, the stylists super cool (especially Jenny, but I'm completely biased)!
The owner of the salon is friendly, knowledgeable, and is always checking out the service being provided to the clients.
Top notch product and styling recommendations, too.

Absolutely Fantastic!!
I came in on a Living Social deal and was amazed!
The salon was trendy but comfortable and extra clean (which is a must for me).
With stained concrete floors and modern styling, it is if Postino and Pita Jungle opened a salon.
Trendy but not pretentious.
Upon entering, I was warmly greeted and offered some fantastic coffee.
My appointment was with Jenny, hairstylist extraordinaire!!
She helped me come up a with a new style and a plan for my next visits.
She took the time to listen to what I need and how it typically style it.
My hair is naturally curly so it was important that I found a new style that looks good both when straightened and curly.
As a curly headed girl, it is super important to find someone who knows how to deal with unruly tresses and Jenny does!
I am VERY happy with my cut and style.
Jenny was able to show me some new techniques to use for my hair.
She told me they would "change my world" and they did!!
Thanks to a styling lesson from Jenny, I was able to fairly easily recreate the look the next day.
I will be coming back to see Jenny for my next visit for sure!!
GO!
GO!
GO!

Honestly this was the best hair salon I've been to in Arizona.
This Hair salon isn't the cheapest but it was about HALF the PRICE of Rolf's in Arrowhead and I received a much better treatment than a similar I got at Rolf's.
(not saying Rolf's is bad but my experience wasn't the best maybe due to one particular stylist) When I was done all the other women being done at the salon OOHED and Aah at me admiring my hair they were impressed.
People do stop me about my hair often and my hair was checked out and searched recently at a certain airport.
Kandy said she did my highlights in the NEW MODERN WAY not the old fashioned way.
Not with foil but painted on ends like hers.
Her Prodigy did most of my styling under Kandy's direction so I wasn't sure how to tip correctly so I did wind up tipping extra.
( not a big deal) The Bumble and Bumble products are nice.
I think using all of them is too expensive but will shell out for the styling creme since it goes a long way.
I was happy and I am not Usually happy with a hair style,that says a lot!..
more than you know.

I found out about Snapdragon when I purchased a hair band on ETSY for my wedding.
The ESTY gal used the salon on her models for her website and I fell in love with the hair.
Alaina was the stylist used for the shoot and I was able to use her for my wedding hair.
She was super friendly, easy to talk to and AMAZING with hair.
My mop is very hard to work with, super thick and wavy, but she was able to replicate what she did for this photo shoot like it was nothing.
The salon is adorable, the staff was very friendly.
It is expensive, (otherwise I'd be back more!
) but when it matters, it's definitely worth it.

i LOVE Damian at Snapdragon!!
Granted it is expensive, but it is definitely worth every single penny!
I'm a Marine, and recently deployed to Afghanistan.
Obviously it's hard to feel like a girl out there, so I spent a decent chunk of the deployment looking forward to finally getting in Damian's chair upon my return.
Within three days of being back in the United States I was there and could not have been happier with everything!
The cut, the color, the relaxing atmosphere, the friendliness of everyone there...everything was perfect and I kept receiving TONS of compliments from people here on base.
Damian is so precise with his work, and has a great eye for color.
It looked so natural and gorgeous by time he was done.
Here we are six months later, and I'm driving into Scottsdale all the way from Camp Pendleton, CA, for my next appointment!

I have been searching for a salon in the greater Phoenix area for a year.
I found Snapdragon on Yelp and read about Stephen.
He is everything they say and more.
He was pleasant from the get go and even though my hair color and cut was plain and boring (just a trim and all over dark brown) I walked out feeling like a million bucks.
The salon was clean and bright and the moment I walked in I felt invited and comfortable.
The receptionist was so kind!!
I will be a new repeat client!

I had Jenny do my hair here, she did a fabulous job!
I found where I am getting my hair done in Phoenix!
The salon is trendy and very clean while lightly playing great background music.
Thank you Snapdragon and Jenny!

I visited snapdragon for my third appointment with Jenny.
She is a curly girl who gets curls, and thus far has done a Coppola smoothing treatment, and two great ombré colors.
She's so nice (and talented) and is super attentive to requests.
Nickole (sorry if I'm spelling it wrong!
) is the receptionist and is knowledgeable, efficient, genuinely friendly, and the epitome of customer service.
The salon is nice, and offer great Bumble and bumble products.
Considering extensions with my ombré next time!
Really love the experience and results at Snapdragon.

I visited this salon on 7/31 to get my hair cut after a long stint of not getting my hair cut.
The great experience started with booking the appointment.
I had been referred by a friend to a couple of stylists.
Now, get this ... one of the stylists I was referred to moved to another salon and Nicole offered to refer me to that salon if I wanted to get my hair cut by that particular stylist.
Well I was basically won over.
I booked an appointment with Ana (had to get the hair cut on a fairly tight schedule).
When I arrived, I was offered a drink and my appointment started on time.
Ana is a great stylist who asked questions and listened to what I needed from my hairstyle.
She spent a great deal of time cutting and making sure the cut was perfect.
It also doesn't hurt that the conversation was good too.
Ana also gave me great tips about how to style my hair and what types of product might be good for it.
It was worth every dollar.
It was also very enjoyable to work with a stylist that treats haircuts as a craft and not as a mechanical factory process.
The vibe and atmosphere of Snapdragon is also great.
The style and design of the place is positively awesome.
Kudos to running a great salon!

I won't write anything new that hasn't been said here below.
A great place to give your hair the TLC it deserves and come out looking fabulous.
I started with this salon when I first moved to Phoenix and after disappointing experiences elsewhere found myself back here.
The difference, now I live farther away but I will make the trip.
I have always gone to Damian and he is fab.

I'm crushing on Snapdragon hard - my lil' oasis of cool in the sweltering desert.
Found this place on Yelp and went totally nervous about having my curly locks chopped for the first time since moving here from NYC.
Apparently, my worries were completely unnecessary as these stylist know their shit and wield a pair of scissors like a paintbrush.
At my last visit, Ana took super good care of me, listening to all of my requests (namely, a low-maintenence, super short cut that would play up the fact that my hair wants to do nothing else but curl), and gave me a style that I am constantly complimented on.
Adore.
The whole place smells like roses, and I leave feeling like I've been hanging out in a friend's awesome apartment rather than a salon.
Oh, and I covet the decor - COVET it.
I think the (salted caramel) icing on the cupcake is the fact that the stylists and front desk folks walk the line between professional, chill and sweet.
They get the job done, but keep you blissfully relaxed the entire time.
Love love love.

I've been salon hopping in Phoenix/Scottsdale for years looking for the perfect place and going from one ho-hum stylist to another.
I found Snapdragon on Yelp and decided to give it a try.
My experience was wonderful from the second I called -- the receptionist took time to talk to me, ask about my hair and what I was looking for, and recommended a stylist who I really believe she thought would work well for me instead of just the person who had the first opening in her schedule.
I ended up seeing Mel, and she gave me a fabulous cut (for only $45 -- a total bargain).
I'm very happy and I'll be back (next time for color, too)!

Snapdragon is probably the best salon I have ever been to in my life and I'm not exaggerating.
I got my hair done by Jordana who was amazing and really saved my hair from a mess of highlights and damage.
I was previously convinced that I needed to get highlights but Jordana was able to bring me to the dark side and I am so glad I did because it's so much better over here :).
When the color and cut were complete I hardly recognized myself.
It looked so much better and made me wonder what the heck I was thinking with those highlights .I can honestly say that I will never go blonde again thanks to Jordana's amazing talent and education on what hair color looks best with my skin tone and eye color.
She really took her time to perfect my color and style which was so needed.
I am seriously in love with this color and this salon.
Not only was Jordana wonderful but all the staff at Snapdragon are so friendly and professional.
They are attentive to your needs and create a fun and comfortable atmosphere.
I will definitely be going back to Miss Jordana for my next visit since my husband also commented on how much he liked my hair as well.
Thank you so much Jordana for fixing the highlighter hell that was on top of my head.
You are very talented and I am so very happy with my new style.
I will be sending more clients your way for sure.

Several months ago I stumbled upon the Snapdragon Salon website and read about their in-house model program.
Now, I love my long-time stylist, but wasn't sure about spending the money on a color service, just in case I didn't like it.
I thought, why not try it out for a substantially lower price point first?
So I sent an email to Snapdragon as an expression of my interest in participating in the program, not really knowing the details or if I was a good fit for what they were looking for.
A few weeks (perhaps a month or so?
) later, I received a call from the program's coordinator inviting me to come in for a consultation.
Me and my virgin hair wanted to add some color by way of an ombre and I was scheduled with Jordana Barton, a stylist new to the salon who was working through this program on her way to earning full fledged, stylist-out-on-the-floor creds.
A total of three visits later and I've got myself an awesome ombre and a fresh haircut, all for next to nothing compared to the retail value of the services received and products used.
(FYI, it took three times because I s-l-o-w-l-y eased back into the world of color with really natural, minimal color, then thought that a cut might be a good idea, and finally decided to add more color because it just looked so great.
) In fact, I referred several of my gal pals, and two from work ended up seeing Jordana, too.
The salon itself is really cute and comfortable, spacious yet cozy, welcoming and not uptight or pretentious.
From the first phone call, to scheduling with Sharon at the front desk, to the owner who came over to check out my stylist's work, everyone was absolutely professional - and they all knew I was receiving deeply discounted services!
Plus, they make a great little cup of coffee and I never felt pressured to purchase additional products... although, that reminds me that I need to go back for the hairdesser's oil.
Last but not least, to my stylist Jordana.
I feel quite fortunate to have been paired with her because she's friendly, funny, and is easy to get along with.
She really listened to what I said about my hair and had good instincts about what cut/color would work well for my lifestyle.
And like me, she also has an affinity for thank you notes!
She did a fantastic job and I've been on the receiving end of lots of compliments, including praise from some friends who have had some less-than-satisfying ombre experiences in the recent past.
I've been going to the same stylist for nearly fifteen years, but had such a great experience with Jordana at Snapdragon that I've decided there's room in my life for two great stylists.
Pretty sure Jordana's recently moved on from her days in the model program, but don't let that stop you from requesting her.
And if you're hoping to hit the jackpot with a stylist working through the model program like I did, give them a call to inquire.
After ten years without color I was a little nervous to take the plunge, but I coudln't be happier with the results.
Thanks again!

I went with my gut feeling after reading all these great reviews and so blessed that Yelp lead me to Snapdragon!
I was placed in the amazing and artistic hands of Mel.
We were a perfect client/stylist match!
She knew just how I wanted my color and cut!
A couple hours later I emerged with my new shade of dark ombre brilliant looking hair and just loving it!!
Thank you Mel and Snapdragon!!

I really liked this salon, the staff were really nice, and a beautiful decor, however my stylist Janelle moved on to R salon, and I really like how she did my color and cut, she even taught the salon about color, so I had to go with her.

Changing my hair is traumatic for me, a new stylist, 200 times the stress.
I read the Yelp reviews, said a prayer and made an appointment.
I was set up with Melissa and it was the MOST amazing experience.
The staff, beginning with Nicole was amazing.
Melissa has a cosmic gift for color and cut.
She used a razor and my hair has never had so much body and movement, I am so grateful and will be a loyal customer for eons.
Have no fear, you are in good hands with Melissa and i'm sure the rest of the staff.
The cost is exceptionally affordable too.
Run to this salon, you won't be disappointed EVER again!!!
Carol.

I made an appointment based on Yelp reviews and I was not disappointed.
The person on the phone listened to what I wanted with my hair and made an appt with Jenny.
Long story short, she was great and listened to exactly what I liked and disliked about previous hair cuts.
I love my haircut and I've gotten a ton of compliments.
She also has a great personality and story.
I'll be back!

*** IF YOU ARE A TRUE FAN OF HAIR AND WANT AN HONEST REVIEW, TAKE THE TIME TO READ THIS***  I am not going to name my stylist because I do not want to ruin her business and I am not sure if what happened is because of salon rules or what.
My long time stylist gave it up to be a mommy so I was on the stressful hunt for someone new.
I went to Snapdragon based on the reviews on Yelp.
I called the salon and had asked for a specific person but was pushed to another and was told how great she was and who she trained under etc.
I was beyond excited and my anxiety had gone from a 9 to a 3.
Huge for me.
My first trip was ok. My stylist is cool and easy to talk to.
I had scheduled my daughters to get their hair done as well.
My stylist did my oldest daughter and some random stylist did my youngest.
Long story short.
My younger daughter walked out looking the same as she walked in.
I later found out the girl didn't even wash her hair!
Never in my life have I experienced that.
I couldn't figure out why she braided her hair in the front as my daughter did not want that.
Now I know.
To hide the lack of cutting and zero washing.
My older daughter got a trim...nothing worth talking about and my hair was meh.
My Color was good but my cut straight up sucked.
They style your hair kind of and then cut it.
But it won't fall the way you do it because you will style it different.
If I wasn't going on vacation I would have gone back.
I had this weird bang thing going on that I couldn't do anything with.
I can do anything with my hair but I just couldn't do anything with it!
I paid more than I have ever paid for a half head of highlights and a trim.
Beyond more!
So the fact that my cut was not good was disappointing at best.
SECOND APPOINTMENT:  To be honest I had realized my appointment was scheduled for a week away and I was scrambling to find another place due to price and what I got for it.
I was super busy and just decided to try again and deal with paying such a high amount.
I also thought well maybe it was because it was my first time with her and she needed to do more to get my hair where she wanted it color wise.
So I went back....big mistake.
I arrive in the morning at 10am.
THE AIR WAS BROKEN!
IIT WAS STILL SUMMER!
Why didn't they call me and say hey the air is broken would you like to re-schedule?
I was already there and decided to get it over with.
It was miserable, I was sweating and about to pass out under all the foils (lots of hair) and cape.
She didn't want to put me under the dryer because it was so hot, but it was hot anyway!!!
I would have rather been under the dryer for 10 minutes than in the hot salon for 2 while my hair didn't lift!
So when she realizes it's not working she ends up putting me under the dryer anyway.
So at this point I am beyond miserable and feeling nauseated and wanting to run from this place.
Finally she says ok we are ready!
If I remember correctly she had already cut my hair.
Anyway I was at hour 4 and all that had been done was cut and color.
4 hours!!!
I told her I have to go because I had other plans.
So I go to check out and you would think after all that misery they would discount something or give free product...something to make up for that disaster of an experience.
Nope, $220 later before tip.
Half highlight and a basic trim and previous cut FIX mind you.
Fix from the last mistake!
My hair cut this time was ok but my color...oh my color.
YOU CAN SEE MY ROOTS ON ONE HALF OF MY HEAD!!!!!
If you are going to charge that, it better be next to perfect.
It was the worst color job I have ever had....ever.
I wanted nothing to do with this place so I just listed it under I got totally ripped off.
I am not kidding, I'm not sure if it's the stylist I was with or the salon or what but these reviews are crazy.
I think it's friends or reviewing.
Way over rated.
I have had better hair and paid half that.

I love this salon.
It is the most zen place that I have ever been to.
My stylist, Jordana, really listens to what I want and does a great job on both the cut and color.
I had been going to the same stylist for 17 years and so I don't make changes easily, but the salon is so comfortable and welcoming.
I have been going to see her for several months and I am so happy with Jordana and the salon.

***12/5/2012*** RESPONSE TO NICOLE'S LOVELY COMMENT  Thank you so much for proving my point.
I am so sorry, I didn't know I had a deadline of less than 3 days to get back to you.
I mean I am just at the ready to give you more of my time and money to waste.
Are you kidding me?
I am a very busy Mom who does not need to drop everything to answer to you.
In this day and age you need to make sure you have your facts straight because everyone has proof of what is going on during their day.
I can upload images of text messages I sent during my appointment proving times, what happened and that no, there was no lunch and no children at it.
I am not the type of person to let someone take advantage of me as a customer and then try to slander my credibility when I speak up about a bad experience.
I couldn't figure out how you had such high reviews but I think I get it now you bully people into changing reviews.
Here are my responses to your numbered inaccuracies.
Proof can be provided if anyone would like.
1. ok, I think a few numbers down you will find this is not true.
I was happy to find you guys until I had a bad hair cut, a terrible second visit and half a head not correctly colored.
I didn't realize this until I did my own hair..when I got home.
My appointment was at 10 am so check your facts.
Your front desk girl and my hair dresser and a few others were talking about it as I walked in.
It's obviously your word against mine but I don't care.
I know it was broken the second I walked in.
Did they talk about how an employee of yours was nice enough to get fans for all of us...probably something the owner should have bought etc.
Why would it even matter?
Spent time in the back?
I think you are mistaking me for somebody else.
I know she sat me back there for 10 minutes but the rest of my time was spent in her chair getting foiled, or under the dryer when the waiting wasn't working.
10 minutes vs. 4 hours...wow you are right.
What am I complaining about.
In order for my daughters to tell you they loved their hair, that would mean that they were with me the second time.
They were not so past tense...???
So confused.
$20 for a hair cut is fine but you should probably let people know that you are not washing kids hair.
This is a new one for me.
She is 11 not 3.
I would expect her hair to be washed.
Not only that it still had dead ends.
She didn't look different.
Now I know you said my stylist remembers everything in great detail.
So I am not sure what happened here.
But my girls were NOT with me during my second visit.
My appointment was on October 9th.
at 10 am.
You see they go to school.
So it's not possible for them to have been with me.
I would go so far as to get records from their school to prove the lies you are telling.
As for eating lunch, I have text messages with dates and TIMES to my Mother asking her to please bring me food because my hair was taking forever and I was starving.
She couldn't leave because they were replacing her windshield.
Again...more than happy to upload the image of the texts for anyone to see.
In fact I am looking at them now.
So NO I did not hang around a hot salon with wet hair with my 2 daughters eating lunch talking about the plans I had for the day.
I ran out as fast as I could to try and make the appointment I almost missed, with wet hair starving!
All the while my kids were in school...learning.
I pre-booked my appointment because I am a loyal client and that is what I do every time.
At the time I was annoyed at the situation but my full annoyance didn't peak until I saw my hair in it's full terrible glory.
Please remember at the time I was annoyed that the salon owner didn't provide fans, an apology or a call to warn clients.
My stylist did her best to handle it.
That is why I will still not give her name.
You act like I have no idea how long it takes for high quality highlights.
It did not take her that long last time and she styled my hair.
I have no problem paying the money...it's what I get for it that is the problem.
10.
I shouldn't have to ask for you to give good customer service.
This is common sense...come on now.
11.
I am not a 1 star reviewer.
Look at my stats...please do the math correctly.
All in all you have proven my point.
Bad service followed with a deadline or else we will slander YOU.
Nice.

RE Jennifer A's review ***12/5/2012*** Review:  She is entitled to her opinion of the salon and it's employees, however I wanted to post a review from my perspective so that everyone who reads these reviews has a well-rounded mix of information.
I have been a patron of Snapdragon Salon ( and the same stylist) for at least 15 years now and have received excellent service, each and every time I'm there.
My hair looks great every time I walk out of Snapdragon and I wouldn't dream of going anywhere else.
People value different things, so if a person would rather pay $10 for a haircut at a Supercuts type, then that's all good!
You probably spend bigger bucks on other things that matter to you.
How my hair looks matters to me, however, so I go with Snapdragon because I will consistently have beautiful hair when I leave.
Like another reviewer, I have curly hair and up until I started going to Snapdragon I worried every time I went to a salon - curly hair is hard to cut!
I can honestly say that I have NEVER walked out of Snapdragon thinking WTH happened to my hair, or that one side was longer than the other, or whatever.
Would I take my child there for a haircut?
No.
Unless there's something very special about my child's hair that requires a master stylist - a less expensive salon will do just fine.
Also, the staff are very attentive as well and go out of their way to make patrons feel comfortable.
In fact, I have recommended several friends who now are regulars.
Air Conditioning goes out in this city.
In buildings, cars and anywhere else that has an A/C unit.
Appointments of any kind run late sometimes, period.
It's not just at the hair salon.
Communication isn't perfect all the time.
Bottom line Jennifer A feels she got bad service.
Maybe she did.
My review is to let readers what my experience has been at Snapdragon Salon.

Wow...all I have to say is wow.
Read the reviews on here.
Some of them are people with 1 friend and no picture.
I am pretty sure these ratings are fluffed.
I know we came here based on reviews and it had to be the worst haircut I have ever had.
Only because we paid a high dollar amount which is fine...normal in fact but my cut was as if I did nothing.
What a waste.
Same goes for the other person with me and in fact her haircut was just a mess.
I do not get my hair colored but I can tell you that you will pay an extremely high dollar amount for trims...not cuts.
They will highlight your hair based on how you part it.
So if you experiment with your hair at all, changing parts, braiding etc...you are out of luck.
If you do decide to go make sure you stay on them or they will cut corners like crazy...which is the weirdest thing I have ever experienced at a salon.
Again I do not get my hair died but I know when I see a bad die job.
I went with this person to there next visit with a new stylist and she was floored at what she saw.
One last tip, when looking for a new salon check out the reviewers pictures.
Make sure they have good hair and have something similar to what you are looking for.
Also make sure that they have more than 2 friends as that typically is the salon writing reviews for themselves.

The positive reviews for Snapdragon are not overstated.
I found the salon on Yelp and booked my appointment for highlights with Melissa.
I was greeted upon entering the beautiful salon by Nicole (whose voice is so soothing it instantly brings you down from the stress of the day).
She showed me the salon, offered me water, tea, coffee, and told me to make myself at home while I waited (I had arrived 20 minutes early).
I relaxed in the comfortable waiting area until Melissa came to take me back (5 minutes prior to my scheduled appointment time).
Let me just say, I like going to a stylist who knows what will look good on me, I'm no stylist and cannot be trusted to design my style (as I've found from previous times when I've taken in pics of celebs,"make me look like this").
So with the most minimal of instruction, "I like being blonde, make it look good" Melissa gave me color that looks GREAT!
I haven't been this happy with my color in years!
I made sure to book my next appointment for 6 weeks (and was happy to hear that NIcole is working on online booking in the future).
I was worried with all of the work Melissa did on my hair I'd get to the front and find I owed $250 (which has happened to me at other salons), but the price was very reasonable and I even got a 10% discount for being a new customer (I didn't even have to ask for it).
If you're looking for a great salon look no further than Snapdragon.
They have made me a loyal customer!

My girls and I have been going to Kandy for almost 10 years.
Curls, long extensions, bleached layers, we have it all!
We feel like the luckiest girls on the planet to have Kandy, and the team at Snapdragon tending to our hair needs.
If Kandy moved to Tucson, or California, we would be going to Tucson or Callifornia every 6-8 weeks to get our hair done!
Kandy is by far the most talented colorist we have ever met, and her cutting techniques are amazing.
It isn't often that you can go into a hair appointment, close your eyes and relax, and know that you will look amazing when you leave.
Kandy and the staff are beyond accommodating, and the salon is always full of happy clients.
There is a good reason Kandy is booked up weeks in advance.
She's is well worth the wait.
I could go on and on about how much I love all the people in the salon, but that aside, we return again and again because Kandy's talented eye for color, honest ideas, and awesome cutting skills keep us coming back for more!

I love Snapdragon!
I have been wanting to write a review for a while, but fear the secret will get out!
I have been going to Snap Dragon for about a year and a half.
Damian is so great-I have medium length, very thick hair and it takes a long time to get through a full cut and color.
He is always so fun through it and does such a great job!
Making appointments is always easy and Nicole even puts your name on a list if you are trying to get in sooner and someone cancels- how great is that!?
I have never had to wait for my appt, always right on time!
The only downside is Damian is popular and I need to remember to make my appointments sooner!

I am not a client at this salon, but called to ask them if they carried a particular type of product.
Nicole was amazingly helpful!
They did nopt carry the product I was looking for, but she went through a full list of products that she uses/has used that I might want to try, and even googled the product I was trying to find to help me locate a local salon that might carry it.
She most certainly went above and beyond and her help was greatly appreciated.

I am incredibly honest with my reviews and keep readers in the loop start to finish.
Nikole apparently did call me in the last few weeks to offer a refund.
I have changed phones and did not know of this.
I am waiting to find out more about this.
I do think this is a decent gesture and not the norm in the salon market.
So I have added a star...
I will let you know what comes of this.

I have been going to Kandy at Snapdragon for YEARS and now all my friends and family go to her too because everyone I know is always so impressed.
She is, hands down, the best colorist in Phoenix!
What I really love is that when she cuts your hair, she does it when your hair is dry...  which gives is a much better look since she can shape your hair to look how it SHOULD look when your hair is dry and styled.
I've sent friends to some of Snapdragon's other stylists as well (like Damian and Nicole) and everyone I send becomes a loyal customer.
I even have a sister who drives in (3 hours) from out of town to get her hair done at Snapdragon!
If that isn't loyalty - I don't know what is!

Jordana Barton  I never had such a great haircut until I went to see Jordana.
I was used to going to places like Great Clips etc... Jordana (and Snapdragon) does not use clippers to cut hair.
Trust me there is a difference when ones hair is cut by scissors only.
It grows out better.
More importantly I have not changed my hair cut for over 5 years.
I told Jordana to just cut my hair and work with it.
I feel "updated" thanks to Jordana.
I have already referred my co worker and 2 friends to her.

Love this place!
Anna does my hair and the last time she cut it, it was much shorter than I intended it to be.
8 weeks later, I see the difference.
My hair is so much healthier, not falling and has amazing natural curls!!!
Love this place and my stylist.

Loved it!
I desperately needed a haircut and decided to yelp for hair salons in my zip code since I do not have a good hair dresser.
It was 6:15pm and they close at 7pm.
I called and asked if they could possibly fit me in (never thinking they could) that night.
I had a bee in my bonnet.
The lovely receptionist asked how quickly I could be there and placed me on hold briefly.
I was about ten minutes away.
She promptly returned to the line and told me to come in!
Yes!
I jumped in my car and off I went.
I was greeted by two lovely ladies when I walked in.
One of which I had spoken with (her name escapes me) and my hairdresser, Melissa, who had offered to take me in at the last minute.
I was offered something to drink and off we went.
Melissa spent time on my hair despite the fact they were closing.
She did an amazing job and was fun to talk to!
She even took the time to style it...I have a lot of hair and this is not an easy task.
Again, they had closed about an hour earlier.
The salon is super cute and tastefully decorated.
Upon leaving, I was offered two frosted cookies to take home to my children who were waiting up for me.
I love the Snapdragon and the ladies are awesome!!!!!!

i met with Jordana at snapdragon as i have known her for 6 years now but this is first time she has cut my hair.
i had long hair for almost 25 years and decided to cut it off for a new job opportunity.
i gave my hair into the highly capable hands of Jordana and she worked wonders.
she gave me ideas on what i could do and how to style it.
im super happy with what she did with it and i will definitely be back in 4 or 5 weeks to get it cleaned up and she has definitely earned a new life long customer.

I have had my hair done by Jenny here for a little over a year now, and I love this place!
I have never seen a client walk out the door and not look great.
I love that they use Bumble and Bumble products, something that you don't find very often in salons.
Everyone is friendly and does a great job!
I would recommend this place to anyone.
In fact, a girl that I work with also sees Jenny based on my experiences there.

Snap Dragon is a great salon.
I was referred to Snap Dragon by a friend whose hair starting looking great since she had started going there.
I called and they were nice right off.
Super helpful!
I was told about a complimentary consultation so I went and met with Mel.
Mel was great-You can tell they really care about the clients needs and the integrity of the hair.
The use bumble and bumble products which i loved!
So My appt.
was yesterday.
My prior hair was badly damaged and in need of a miracle.
Mel was amazing my cut and color look great!
She did the best hair cut I've ever had!
I left with a huge confidence boost.
I've been to a lot of salons but Snap Dragon seemed like a salon where the entire staff was friendly and professional!
I also got the Keratin treatment (which I loved) so I saw a lot of clients come in and out and everyone looked great and very satisfied when they left.
I've already scheduled another appt for me and my daughter with Mel next month.
I highly recommend this salon it's Awesome!
Ask for Mel- She's wonderful!

After a year of wading in a sea of bad highlights given to me by supposed "masters" I stumbled upon Snapdragon a little over a year ago and they totally threw me a lifesaver and, alas, gave me the natural, but dimensional, highlights I had been searching for.
Go here, the prices may be higher than what some people are comfortable paying; however, in my opinion, it's worth every penny to get what you want.
Cassandra also gives killer blowouts.
I definitely recommend this salon to anyone looking for great color services, cuts as well.

Perfect haircuts every time.
Seriously, I've never had a bad experience with them.

Eddie is amazing!
His energy is fantastic.
It feels like your sitting with an old fried.
On top of that, he is superbly talented.
He does my cut and color, and I haven't had a bad hair day since I met Eddie.
I don't go in with any ideas about my hair or ask any questions.
Eddie says, "Okay, here's what we should do...." I just go with it.
He's the master.
I don't even need to style my hair if I don't want to.
It looks great rolling out of bed in the morning.
Eddie, promise me you'll still do my hair after you become a famous celebrity hair stylist!

Melissa English and I are a self-proclaimed match made in hair-ven!
She took one look at my big crazy curls and said "YES!
" (Anyone with curly hair knows that this is the reaction I've been waiting for from a hairdresser for all of my life!
)  I was able to trust her immediately with both my cut & color and with Mel's expertise and artistry, my unruly curls have been transformed into a stylish look upon which I constantly get complimented!
Mel's charismatic personality speaks for itself and I always end up having so much fun with her (and the entire staff at Snapdragon) whenever I am there!
If you aren't afraid to rock your curls, then Melissa is the hairdresser for you.
TIP: Mention you found them on Yelp for a "first-timer's" discount!

Got my hair cut and colored by Eddie and I absolutely love it!
My hair not only looked great but it smelled great too!
I received the seal of approval from my husband and mom (who is a hard woman to please.
)  The salon is quaint and the staff friendly, so happy I finally found a great hairdresser and salon.

I just walked in from my haircut here and I am sitting right down to write this review because I am so happy.
I chose this place purely based on its great Yelp reviews and I will never go anywhere else in Phoenix again.
First of all, I'm one of those people that never feel comfortable talking to stylists in salons.
I don't usually want to pretend I'm in "Legally Blonde" and spill my life story most of the time.
Not the case here, though!
I felt totally at ease and comfortable chatting with everyone in the salon.
The vibe was relaxed and I found myself actually enjoying the conversation without feeling like I had to keep entertaining someone.
Also, I so much appreciate that no one tried to push me into buying any extra products!
Even though I told them I was using Head and Shoulders and they responded that it wasn't doing good things for my hair, they offered me several generous samples to take home and try at my leisure rather than insisting I buy a certain magical remedy-- which honestly makes me so much more likely to buy the products they sell in store when I go back.
Did I mention my hair looked (and felt) great when I left?
Mel definitely delivered on that part.
(Also, this is the first time anyone has ever asked me about my hair at the point where I called to schedule the appointment.
Much appreciated.
)  The best part is that the whole time I was enjoying this experience, I was also holding my breath in fear of the price.
What a pleasant surprise to find that it wasn't any more than any of the lesser salons I've been to!
In short, I'm a happy camper.

This place ROCKS.
I moved to PHX from Philadelphia, got my hair cut at the same salon for my entire life before coming here.
I trusted Snapdragon to cut, color and ombré my hair, all of which yielded amazing  results.
Also I wish I could live inside the salon, it is so peacefully decorated and just the right level of hipster to make you feel like you're walking away with hair that is trendy yet not too trendy.
Basically snapdragon, you make me wish I was born with 2 heads so I could come to your salon twice as often, thank you!

Eddie is an artist and his haircuts are masterworks.
In addition to a cut that looks great and suits me, it literally arranges itself.
I shake my head in the morning, run my fingers through my hair and...done!
A million thanks.

I had an appointment with the lovely Ana Parker last Friday.
She is extremely talented and very easy to chat with.
She kept referring to my eye color when discussing possible hair color options which I thought was pretty cool!
She gave me a feminine and flattering pixie cut and fresh color with great dimension.
I love it and have gotten so many compliments.
The salon is very zen-like and chill.
The two receptionists I spoke to were very polite and helpful.
Overall, I had a fabulous experience!

I'm sure that men generally do not have any strong preferences when it comes to selecting a place for a haircut.
Most probably get a sense of "gosh my hair is long" and pull into the first place they find.
My Yelp search led me to Snapdragon under a near similar circumstance.
My semi-regular place had no open slots for me on two occasions, so being the impatient guy that I am....I decided to go elsewhere.
My call to them was a slight desperation to "get it done today".
I called at 4:30pm and they were able to get me in at 6:00pm.
While a few minutes away, I received a call from the salon that they were running behind by 15 minutes and wanted to be respectful of my time.
I said I was OK to wait the extra 15 minutes and I arrived right before 6pm.
I was warmly greeted and again was given an apology for the wait.
I was offered coffee or water and the waiting area was very comfortable.
I was astonished when right at 6pm, the hostess let me know they moved some things around and I could be accommodated at my appointed time!
Wowza!
The haircut itself (thank you to Cassondra) turned out to be one of the best cuts I have ever received!
My claim to this is based on the meticulous detail she spent doing the cut.
No shears #1, #2, etc., etc., run over my scalp like most places.
The only electrical device used was the blow dryer to occasionally remove the loose hair.
She took her time and has great pride in her work.
(I have 3 cowlicks and she said it was a fun challenge!
)   I did not feel the cut was being rushed or like I was an intrusion in an already hectic day.
The words I will use to describe Snapdragon Salon is...Genuine Care and Comfort for all of their clients.
As a first timer, I was warmly greeted and never felt that this place was snobby or elite.
I am definitely going back to Cassondra and will make sure that all of my friends know of this hidden gem along Camelback Road.

I came to Snapdragon in search of color correction--had ended up with a green hue to my hair after a previous colorist used product that was not compatible with my previous color.
This turned out to be a bigger problem than I realized, necessitating stripping the previous product out of my hair, but after many hours in Jenny and Kandy's capable hands the green was gone.
This is a salon that will definitely go the extra mile and does so in a caring and compassionate way.
It's a beautiful space, too, with an urban edginess that also manages to be soothing and calming.
I've been to many, many salons in my life, at many price points.
Snapdragon is on the pricier side, but definitely commensurate with what I've paid in other major cities.

Jenny is a miracle worker!!!!!
I had a very bad color done at another salon.
I didn't know how much she would be able to fix it.
She stayed late n made sure I left happy.
Best color I have ever had done!!
See Jenny for your color it will be the best decision you could ever make for your hair!!

Eddie is my savior.
After 20 years of searching for a salon/stylist that could make my hair gorgeous, I've finally found my spot.
Eddie's kindness made me feel secure and his talent with cut and color made me feel beautiful for the first time ever.
After my appointment my spirit was renewed and my self esteem greatly improved.
I actually started taking better care of myself, lost weight and am much healthier and feel great inside and out.
It's pretty amazing what feeling beautiful can do for you and I have Snapdragon and Eddie to thank for that!

I came to the Snapdragon Salon after my former hairstylist (who has done my hair since I was 15) announced she would no longer be doing hair.
I read the rave reviews on Yelp and from my co-worker and after a lot of hesitation decided to dive in.
Michaela was my hairstylist and she seriously saved my hair.
She took my static and broken blonde hair with grown out roots and gave me a gorgeous subtle ombre.
The owner checked in a few times throughout my appointment to make sure everything was going all right.
Michaela explained everything she was going to do and I felt very at ease.
She gave me an amazing haircut and styled my hair into gorgeous waves.
I have NEVER loved my hair that much leaving the salon.
The salon is very welcoming and beautiful.
Everyone seemed friendly and approachable.
You can tell the owner truly cares about the work the stylists produce and the salon.
I also got a discount for my first appointment.
Bonus points for the delicious cookies and coffee they offer for free.
If you're thinking about trying Snapdragon -- just do it.
You won't regret it.

Round 2 with Ana and I couldn't be happier!
She hooked me up with the very popular "Jennifer Lawrence" cut and it looks awesome :)  You know when you take a picture and take it to the stylist and they look once and put it down?
Not Ana..she kept referring to the pic to make sure I was getting exactly what I wanted.
After looking me deep in the eyes, she "painted" on perfectly-placed highlights in just-the-right-shade of auburn that flatters my coloring and showcases the cut perfectly!
Also had a lovely chat with the Salon Manager Nikole while I processed.
Thanks Doll!!
Why did I give 5 stars?
In the words of Pharrell Williams in that silly hat: BECAUSE I'M HAPPY :)

As a girl with curly hair I've had some bad haircuts, some mediocre ones, and a couple good ones.
This haircut was my first fantastic haircut.
I love it so much!
Ana cut my hair, she was super cool and personable and really took the time (over an hour) to get it right.
She encouraged me to incorporate my previously-straightened-everyday bangs into the rest of my hair and wear them curly.
Turns out it's much more flattering and more professional looking.
Everyone at the salon is very nice and the salon itself is gorgeous.
I will definitely be back!

I know what you're thinking.
Seriously?
They're ALL five star reviews?!
Come on.
Something weird is going on here.
I'm here to tell you that it's genuine.
Legit.
Bona fide.
For reals guys.
A little backstory...
I dyed my hair purple.
Another stylist tried to remove it.
It was bleach blonde with an interesting teal/green tint.
Not for me.
I went in for a color correction done by one of the apprentices and overseen by Kandy.
Very reasonable for a correction.
It came out AMAZING.
I've never gotten so many compliments on my hair.
This ombre looks like  I surf every day on the North Shore.
It's too good.
Get in here.
You'll be so glad you did.

Very friendly staff here.
The girls are ways welcoming and fun to be around.
Jocelyn cut my hair the other day and did a fantastic job.
I keep getting compliments :) Will definitely be coming back.
Oh, they offer your tea and coffee when you arrive, which is a nice touch... the only thing I would request is that they offer wine!

First visit to Snapdragon tonight.
Lived up to their 5 star reviews.
Called me in advance due to my original stylist being ill today.
Offered me a choice between  rescheduling or working with a different stylist.
Since is never been here, I elected to keep my appointment.
Micheala (sp?
) was my stylist: super sweet.
I wanted an alternative cut with an undercut but that could also be styled for work in a professional office.
To her immense credit, she asked for another person 's (Candy) input.
As a result, I got a fantastic cut and two stylists to contribute.
Loved the result and they seemed to genuinely enjoy the chance and challenge of a different kind of style.
Everyone else was very friendly and accommodating as well.
What a fantastic result to the dreaded task of finding a new salon!

Michaela has saved my hair!
She keeps me current and fresh without taking me out of my comfort zone, she knows her stuff!!!

I am so glad my "old" stylist moved away and I was able to get an appointment at Snap Dragon!
Too much to type but just know this is THE place to go if you want:  Sweet staff Hyper talented haircut and color experts Very reasonable prices Cool salon vibe Did we say the staff was amazing?
Do what you have to but RUN to Snapdragon if you want the best highlights in town that won't cost you your month's rent and you want stylists that actually pay attention!

Back for second visit: Scheduled with Lori this time.
So glad I did, she was GREAT!
Did exactly what I wanted and hair looks super cute.
She is one of the few stylists that is actually brave enough to cut the back and sides of my hair as short as I like it.
I usually don't rave about places but love this one.

I happened upon the Yelp page for Snapdragon yesterday while searching for an affordable salon in the Camelback corridor.
I saw that they held complimentary model sessions on Wednesday mornings so I gave them a call to see if they had any space available in the coming months.
Much to my delight, they were able to accommodate me this morning!
As with any complimentary service or product, I didn't walk in expecting the gold standard, but given my almost non-existent budget for these type of luxuries as well as the current condition of my hair, I would have been happy putting a pair of scissors in almost anyone's hands if they were willing to do it for free.
My experience however, was well beyond expectations.
The staff at Snapdragon was warm and immediate in their greeting.
They quickly made me comfortable and asked if I wanted a beverage.
I wasn't made to wait past my appointment time and was quickly introduced to my stylist Stephanie who brought me to her station.
Being that I was scheduled as a model, my cut and style was to serve as a continuous training for the staff on a specific method, so I didn't expect to have too much control over the cut itself.
My experience, instead, was just the opposite.
Stephanie as well as the owner Kandy and  the education coordinator Jenny all made it a point to consult with me prior to the cut.
They asked questions to get a feel for my style preference, as well as to gauge the amount of change I was comfortable with.
I made a statement which probably causes all stylists to cringe inside, "I don't want to lose any length".
I felt foolish after saying it, knowing full well that my hair needed to be cut in order to remove damage done a few months ago when I lost a large chunk of length to a candle's flame (guess I should have opened with that little bit of information).
They did not once urge me to cut my hair shorter than I was comfortable with.
Rather, they offered a solution of removing just the damaged ends and placing a single extension which would not only help me keep the length I wanted, but also blend the previous inconsistencies from my last "corrective" cut.
After Stephanie completed her work, the owner Kandy personally placed the extension in my hair.
I was given thoughtful instructions on how to properly maintain and care for the extension.
During the entire process, the ladies took their time while still being mindful of my own schedule for the day.
Products were recommended but not pushed.
And the entire staff complimented me on the results (credit due completely to Stephanie, Jenny, and Kandy).
I feel like a million bucks, I still can't believe that the visit was complimentary.
I can't wait to visit again and would highly recommend you try them out as well.
Thank you so much ladies!

Curly girls, look no further--THIS is your salon!
I know, I know.
How many times have you read/heard that and left the salon and felt like...
ehhh??
And then waited it out a couple months so that you could justify another cut?
I've been there.
It's been a long time since I've had a great haircut.
Years.
I am so glad my search is over and I found a new hair home at Snapdragon.
I got my hair cut by Kandy, the owner.
She cut my hair dry (I know, I was skeptical about that too).
She took my hair, curl by curl, and shaped each one with her scissors.
Curl by curl--to bring out the curl, and the bounce, and the volume that my hair needs.
Now, I've gotta be honest and say that Kandy didn't know how to style my hair as well as I do, but in my experience, not many stylists do.
Here's how Kandy is different-- she admitted that and she told me to come back in a week with my hair styled as normal and she'd tweak it.
So I went back this past Friday and she saw where my hair was too heavy and could use some more shape and she did her scissor magic.
(No, she didn't charge me for this value added service).
I looooove my hair.
Love it!!
I can't tell you the last time that I felt that way.
LOVE.
I felt that way even before she tweaked it, but Kandy is a professional and a perfectionist and saw the things I didn't.
Not only is Kandy phenomenal, but all of the staff is friendly and sweet.
Definitely check out Snapdragon.

I came to Snapdragon for a color correction.
Snapdragon not only fixed my hair from the last place but made it look natural and amazing!!!
The whole Snapdragon team was nice, educated, professional and helpful.
My correction was not easy.
I came in with bright yellow and orange hair, with a bunch of gross toner and who knows what else from the previous place.
Kandy  (my hair colorist) was a hair genius and confident!
She did a great job.
I can't thank her enough!!!
I was desperate and got 1000x what I expected.
The bonus was that I expected to pay a lot more than I did for that level of expert.
I'm never going anywhere else...ever.
I recommend this place to anyone.
PS they are busy and can book out quite a bit in advance.
Make sure to make an appointment.
Thank you Snapdragon team!!!!

I just moved away from Phoenix, and I am so bummed that I will not be able to get my hair done at Snapdragon anymore!
After Mel moved, I started having my hair highlighted and cut by Jenny.
She is so nice, easy-going, and an excellent stylist!
I was a color-virgin before coming to Snapdragon.
I love my hair highlighted now.
Everything they do looks natural and fresh.
The receptionists are so kind and welcoming.
I would definitely recommend checking them out if you live downtown!

All I can say is I love my new haircut!
Kandy (the owner) is the stylist who spent her time meticulously cutting my hair to exactly what I wanted.
She is a very sweet person and is filled with fabulous hair advice.
Cutting your hair with Kandy is going to be around 75$ however, if you are afraid someone is going to ruin your hair look no further because it will not happen when the scissors are in her hands.
Additionally, all employees require an extensive apprenticeship with Kandy, so I am positive any of the stylists at Snapdragon will help you with your hair needs.
Bonus: Everyone is exceptionally nice!
Please to go this salon.
I waited for about a year to go to a salon due to bad previous experiences so this was well needed.
10/10

The owner Nicole is one of the nicest people ...all of the stylists seem great (my original stylist is no longer there but I still go back).
The atmosphere is totally zen and elegant.
I really just love the friendliness that excludes from this place, you definitely don't get that at all salons!
Hands down one of the best in the valley.

