Agreed with Mona C. about the whole "good but not great oysters cant be beat with a price like that but then again cant argue with a price like that"  Just want to add that the clam chowder seriously tasted like it was canned.
I ordered a sampler, mostly everything was deep fried i would expect a place like an oyster bar to find ways to enhance the flavors of seafood not just batter and fry the suckers.
Surprisingly the rice was good.
NOT GOOD for groups, seating is VERY limited

I love this Oyster Bar inside Suncoast Casino...I always have either the Shrimp Cocktail OR the Crab Cocktail!
Oyster were great too but this time I had opted out and ordered something new...it was similar to a Clam soup but in White Wine...very good!!
Prices were not so bad...what do you expect??
It was inside the casino so they are targeting the tourists...LOL!!

Questions  Is bread best when it has the fragrance of yeast rather than cardboard?
Is New England clam chowder supposed to be cream-colored rather than gray?
Are sushi rolls supposed to taste more like fish than cucumber?
Is sushi rice supposed to be flavored with rice wine vinegar?
Is  eel best when it tastes like eel rather than candy?
Is tuna supposed to be free of sinew threads that feel like thin dental floss?
If your answer to any of the above is yes, then go somewhere else.
Grocery store deli sushi and canned chowder are better.
Seriously.
....and while I'm at it... What is it about Las Vegas bakers and bread?
When you get bread here your response is usually "Oh, it has that on it.
" or "It has this on it", or "I don't know what that is.
"  I got a suggestion: Buy  Walmart frozen east rolls.
Follow the directions, and your patrons will roll their eyes so only the whites show and bury their faces in the bread basket.
Taste is better than how clever you are.

I don't know why this has such low ratings.
I love this place!
Most of the Oyster Bars in town that I have been too are all pretty good.
I am a seafood lover, and this place is close to home.
I tend to try to right my reviews based on some of the best things places have to offer.
People will go and try out certain things that aren't as good, so they base it off of that.
The best things I've had here:   Blackened Shrimp Caeser Salad.
Clam Chowder Crab Cakes  I haven't had the Oysters here, but they reviews for it aren't amazing.
But I'm not one to go anywhere and that be the first thing I order.
Everything else is pretty average here and the prices here are decent.
Service has always been good and friendly.

This was my first visit for dinner with a $60 comp.
The restaurant was located in the Suncoast Casino in Las Vegas.
There was mainly a large bar seating area where you can watch your meal/sushi being prepared.
The Roasted Corn Chowder with Crab ($5.50) was thick and creamy.
It was a rather small portion with about a tablespoon of crab on top.
My friend ordered the Fried Tilapia entree ($15.50).
It came with a salad, mixed vegetables, and a scoop of mashed potatoes all on the same plate.
My Rainbow Sashimi ($20) was fresh and melt-in-your-mouth goodness.
There were 9 thick slices of Salmon,Tuna, and Hamachi served on a bed of shredded cucumber.
We both ordered Tiramisu ($6.50) for dessert.
It came in a small parfait glass with just the right proportions of ladyfingers and marscapone cream.
Service was friendly and efficient.
We got refills of our beverages without having to ask.
I would come back just for the Roasted Corn Chowder with Crab.

We sat at the bar so we could watch the chefs cook the food.
I came back for my own bowl of Roasted Corn Chowder with Crab.
The crab was really skimpy, maybe 2 teaspoons this time.
We were also given dinner rolls with butter and there were oyster crackers in a basket on the counter.
This was a nice inexpensive snack.
Unfortunately this Oyster Bar does not give a Military Discount.
I may have to go to Palace Station for my 25% Military Discount.

I had the sashimi (Maguro -Tuna) really good and fresh, the sushi chef was super friendly.... they have my favorite sake, the fuji apple ( a must try)  and I had a shrimp scampi pasta..
I was good, white sauce was jusstttt right :)

We originally wanted the to go to the Mexican restaurant costa, but they were closed, so we decided to go to the Oyster Bar.
My girlfriend was nervous about eating seafood and the chef Rocky, made sure to find out what we liked.
He then brought me the steamed clams and muscles.
Rocky hooked it up, the clams and muscles were very good had an excellent broth and the sushi he brought for my girlfriend was good and she enjoyed.
Thanks again chef Rocky.

Good, fresh seafood...I really enjoyed the pan roast and Manhattan clam chowder.
The seafood Cobb salad was delicious.
This is my favorite dining option at the Suncoast.

Ordered the surf and turf.
It came with a small rip eye steak 3 shrimp.
Also garlic mashed potatoes hard and cold.
Extremely disappointed.
Small portions and over priced.

I have walked past this joint so many times and finally stopped in for dinner after a movie.
We are so glad we did.
Pamela was our server and she is one awesome  waitress with charm you don't see in restaurants these days.
We explained that we were not "that" hungry so she suggested a few smaller items.
The crab chowder was delicious  (& cheap).
The steamed clams were buttery and the wine pour was generous & cheap too.
We will be regulars just based on this one visit.
Thanks for making reasonably priced seafood in  the middle of the Mojave :)  Our thanks to Pam for a very nice evening.
You make all the other servers in Vegas look like amateurs!

The service at this place is amazingly friendly and attentive.
Not to mention the Linguine with Clams is the best I've ever had.
The pasta is always al dente!
Plus, they pour wine generously by the glass.
Prices are reasonable, and it is a perfect date spot before seeing a movie at the Suncoast Theaters.

