Dragon Ridge Country Club is located in MacDonald Highlands and is surrounded by some of the most beautiful homes in the valley.
It is a private club, but with a bit of effort, I am sure anyone can enjoy a nice lunch on the golf course.
I had the pleasure of dining there for a private luncheon, but decided to give myself the tour of the facility.
We ate in the large dining room, where servers were dressed is white and always present.
When I walked around, however, I noticed a smaller grille that looked out toward the driving range.
There was a small bar in here as well, and some members were watching a baseball game on the plasmas located on either side of the bar.
There was a gift shop, mostly golf attire and equipment, but also some fun girly bath bubbles and soaps.
Another bar area was across from the great dining room, and the bartender told me that at night, they open the big glass panels to reveal a porch that looks out to the course.
He also gave me a great chocolate martini on the house (thanks, wink &#61514;) I continued my self-guided tour downstairs which led to the locker rooms.
The lockers had engraved names of members (pretty swanky) and all sorts of toiletries.
I spritzed a bit of perfume and continued on.
There was a game room, a gym, another set of showers specifically for the gym, and a pool.
The pool was my favorite.
It had an amazing waterfall which wasn't on, but still gorgeous, a kiddie pool, and a snack bar.
There were some kids hanging out around the pool eating cheeseburgers and hot dogs, and they told me they come skateboard down from there homes for the snack bar food.
I would too, that is, if I knew how to skateboard.
So I made my way back up to the dining room where everyone was finishing lunch, and we relocated to the bar where I received my first martini.
Dragon Ridge Country Club, while indeed exclusive, is the perfect place for something like a graduation party, meeting, or reception.
It is comfortable and classy, and located on the Dragon Ridge Gold Course, which I will save for a later review!
Recommended drink: My chocolate martini made a lasting impression   Recommended lounge area: The bar which overlooks the gold course, not the driving range...

Absolutely beautiful.
Quiet, serene (that's the same as quiet, isn't it?
), and green.
Hard to believe there's a large area of grass/trees in the heart of Henderson, Nevada.
The country club is pretty, especially the main ball room where you have a beautiful view of the golf course and houses.
You can also see the Las Vegas strip from there during the night which is gorgeous.
The architecture is modern, classy and comfortable.
I'm not an expert of country clubs but this one, I rank it up there.

We recently held out Graduation banquet at the Dragonridge country club.
Kerry, the pretty event organizer, was SUPER helpful.
She is also very anal retentive, so she makes sure that all the details are taken care of and covered.
Exactly what you would want from an event planner.
She was also very nice about working with our budget to make it the nicest event possible.
She worked with our caterer to make the food arrangements nicer as well.
The room was very pretty, and designed in shades of champagne, and warm tans.
There were pretty chandeliers, and the two balconies outside had a beautiful view of the sunset and then the strip.
It was very pretty and classy.
We heard from many people that the banquet this year was much nicer than the previous year's, and I'm sure that Kerry and Dragonridge had a hand in that.

Another  5 Star golf course in my book.....if you get a chance to play Dragon Ridge, make sure you take your time and enjoy everything this course has to offer.
The course is tucked atop the most exclusive area of McDonald's Ranch in Henderson.
The golf course is very challenging and the elevations and valleys will fool your eyes into believing the distances are not what they appear to be.
Despite it's tough layout, it's a very fun course.
The views of the Las Vegas Valley are amazing!
The greens are very fast on this course, so bring your A-Game and make sure you hit the practice green before you step up to the 1st Tee!
If you play this course during the Summer, make sure you buy some water to bring with you during the round, because it gets really hot!
I'm accustomed to playing in the desert and normally don't have any issues with playing in 100+ degree heat, but this course for some reason must have a magnifying glass hovering above it.....it was a scorcher!
The food in the clubhouse is very good.....what you would expect for an exclusive private golf club.
Will I return?
The next opportunity I get!

Do whatever you have to do to get an invite to this fabulous golf course.
I live here and occasionally get an invite and if it wasn't for the fact there are so many valley courses, I would say this is a place to join if your into Country Clubs.
Next time, I will move up a set of tees.
Hats off to the maintenance staff.
Hope the members give them the credit they deserve.

The first time I came here was for my cousin's wedding back in Nov 2010 and the second time was just recently, Jul 2nd, for my sister's wedding and both times were delightful.
This club is located in the prestigious Henderson, Macdonald Highlands community.
To get to the club you have to drive past a guard which makes it nicely secured.
The banquet room had plenty of space and has a balcony with a view of the Las Vegas Strip.
The scenery is mesmeric.
It's got a nice layout once decorated for an event.
The only downfall is the space for the cocktail hour, it's a bit small and not convenient for a large amount of guests.
It was way too hot to be outside so people were crammed in there.
About the food:   My cousin's plated dinner meal choices were Steak or Chicken.
Of course, I chose steak...it was savory and juicy!
My sister's choices were among Prime Rib, Salmon, and a Vegetarian Plate.
I heard the salmon was tasty so I skeptically ordered that instead of my usual choice of eating meat.
My plate arrived and it had a nice presentation and it was pretty good but I wish I had the prime rib cause I was picking off my cousin and my sister's plate (I love my meat).
The h'ordeurves were amazing and is tray passed by a waiter which puts a nice touch to it.

My cousin had her wedding here and it was alot of fun.
Such a classy and fairly new looking space.
Named Dragon ridge after the rock ridge which residents call the sleeping dragon, the club sits atop a hill so you there's scenic views of rolling hills, canyons, rock formations, and some multimillion dollar homes.
The best view though is from their grand ball room.
It's a panoramic of the strip which was right behind the head table.
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wwIoF2go-DF-ZbCBVoO-dA?select=5UoASJvovfFzp-eUCiFfWQ)   Some of the passed appetizers were duck confit , prawn spring rolls, etc.
I had prime rib for my entree and it was still juicy.
All the food was pretty good and the servers were all really friendly.
My only negative would be that their cocktail and reception area was a little small for the 200 or so people.
And, their AC units couldn't keep up with the 111 degree heat outside and extra body heat inside.
It was just soooooo hot everywhere.
Otherwise a gorgeous place, I dont golf but this place is super popular for it.

Dragon Ridge Country Club is located in MacDonald Highlands and is surrounded by some of the most beautiful homes in the valley.
It is a private club, but certain hotel guests or booking through a golf package company will get you on.
I didn't find the clubhouse very impressive and although the homes are gorgeous, for me they overtake or are too much for the golf course itself.
Some really gorgeous holes and some bland holes as well.
Immaculately kept and certainly a fair test of golf has this place on a play list if you have never been.
Once you have played it I would not put it on the OH I have to play this one again.
Its one of those really good courses that don't awe you.
People were very nice and it wasn't crowded though a dust storm from Arizona clogged the air which made the expected views of downtown Vegas non existent we still had  nice time.
Greens were fast but not lightning.
No complaints just not spectacular enough to earn the 5 Star GOLF COURSE Rating for me.

Best Golf course in Las Vegas, Beautiful views, challenging holes, lots of elevation changes.

Great views and a course in great condition.
Doesn't have bermuda grass so is totally green in the winter.
Greens are fast but not to fast.
This is another desert style course but the large landing areas for your drive keep the ball out of the desert.
Good course, but I personally like courses that have some trees.
No trees here.

Played golf here on a Wed as part of a stroke play tournament.
I was so excited to play b/c I've heard good things.
I ended up enjoying my entire experience here.
This course is beautiful and well manicured.
From tee to green, this course is close to flawless.
The greens aren't that fast, but can sneak up on you at times.
As for lay-out, there are some quirky weird holes like #10, but all in all it's a fun lay-out.
The desert rocks can be challenging to hit out of and damaging to your clubs if you are inaccurate with shots.
As for practice amenities, there is a large grass range and large putting green.
Not sure if there was a chipping practice area or not.
Staff is super friendly and attentive.
The carts have GPS and an ice chest to keep things cool in the hot summer heat.
All in all, it is truly a country club experience.
I would love to play here again!

Probably the most stunning and challenging course I have ever played (and I am a member at a Jack Nicklaus designed course  in canada).
I shot off the cobalt tees (6400 ish yards) and thoroughly enjoyed my round.
I was a little surprised they didn't have the equivalent of a Vegas showgirl driving the drink cart, but that's a pretty minor caveat in the grand scheme if things.
The tee shots were the most difficult, because there are a couple of blind shots and often you are hitting over vast expanses before you even hit fairway.
My short game was terrible so I also got to experience plenty of their sand, it was consistently hard, but at least it was consistent so you knew what you were getting into.
Overall I have to give this course 5 stars because it is the best I have ever played.

