BF and I really enjoyed this exhibit.
We love the story and history and the all the stories.
Seeing this really brought home the tragedy.
Seeing real items that went down that are now back on dry land and in all places, Vegas!!
I touched a piece of the actual ship.
Unbelievable.
Worth the $!

After a friend raved about this exhibit, I made sure that it was on my list of things to do while in Vegas.
I was not disappointed.
The layout of the exhibit was "time-line" fashioned, with the first few rooms detailing how the Titanic came about, who were the masterminds, etc.
Then it flows into how the passengers were classified and boarded according to their social class (very interesting), how the staterooms looked and what type of belongings the passengers brought on board.
Of course, there is the replica of the infamous grand staircase that leads you into one of the most striking, cool exhibits that I have ever encountered.
All I'm going to say about this room is that it reminded me of those nights in Mexico, when it was just the stars, ocean and me...with a bottle of tequila.
I'm going to stop my description here, because it only gets better, dramatic and eerie.
The producers did a superb job on this exhibit.
BTW, it is about a 10 min walk through a long hallway and down a winding staircase to get to the exhibit.

Man, what an exhibit!
This will be at the Luxor soon!!!
At the entrance a person will give you a passenger card for you to look at at the end of the exhibit to see if the person you have survived...that was cool!
Knowing that these artifacts were 2.5 miles under the ocean and that this magnificent, well known and so called, "unsinkable" ship is still at the bottom of that cold ocean had a very eerie feeling to it.
Most of the artifacts were intact and each one had a very thorough description.
These artifacts are a piece of history that I will never forget...  Oh, by the way, I died @ the end of the exhibit!
Daym!

I have always been fascinated by titanic and I couldnt wait to see this exhibit.
I was not disappointed.
I loved seeing the artifacts and loved the solemn way the set was arranged.
No fancy las vegas style lights or cheesyness.
Very respectful.
My fav part of course, was the grand staircase.
I had not read any reviews before i went in Aug 08, so I have no idea  that was in there.
I loved standing there and taking the "tourist" pic.
Dont judge me.
I thought it was 2 cool.
As I am planning to get married in Vegas next year, I plan to hop back to the exhibit (thats now @ Luxor) and take another pic in my wedding dress on the staircase with my "husband".
Cant wait.
Def a must see.

This was a fantastic visit for my children.
They became very involved in the exhibit.
When you go into the exhibit you are given a card telling about a passenger onboard the titanic.
My kids were looking for the room they would have been staying.
The items they may have used.
They loved touching the iceberg.
They were so concerned at the end to see if their character survived.
It was a wonderful experience.
Don't forget to get your picture taken on the beautiful staircase.
my children are only 6 and 9.

Cannot speak for the Tropicana, but I saw the exhibit at the Luxor and it was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!
TRULY amazing!
There are parts of this exhibit that are chilling and it is surreal to see it up close and this personal!
GO GO GO and experience for yourself.
You will board as a passenger and learn your fate at the end of it all.
My boarding pass beared a name that did not survive the ordeal, eventhough she was a First Class passenger.
It's beautiful yet very very sad, will be here for ten years, make a trip it is so worth it!

This exhibit had some cool things in it.
Like the big piece of ship.
Seeing some of the belongings was cool, but some of the stuff was creepy....like the big piece of the ship.
Other than that, I think it was well done and enjoyable.
It was a good waste of an hour, and was pretty awesome.
I don't feel a need to do it again though.

this was a very nicely done exhibit.
I would definitely suggest going to the fashion show mall, and check out the discount ticket to see if you can get them cheaper than if you just buy them from the box office.
We got the discount tickets for about 17 bucks each, so that was a great deal.
I was bummed that we weren't going to see any frozen bodies encased in ice like Han Solo in carbonite, but everything else was nice.
they actually recreated the cabins of the 1st cass and 3rd class passengers.
The "big piece" was also a sight to behold.
I also found it sad to see the list of all the people who died and survived.
Funny i didnt see Leonardio there though.
All they need is Celine Dion's iconic song playing during the exhibit, and all will be complete.
Oh yeah..no pictures folks..or else you will also be tossed overboard.

This is an amazing exhibit.
Only thing that would have made it better would be if you could take photos inside, but I guess a bajillion flashes would negatively affect the artifacts.
So many authentic artifacts it's amazing that they've survived this long.
The exhibit is immersive and well laid out.
Give yourself 1.5-2 hrs if you want to read every placcard and description.
The atmosphere changes from room to room and progresses beautifully.
The showstopper is the "big piece" at the end of the exhibit which is massive but only a small part of the full ship.
The exhibit will be at the Luxor for 10 yrs total so you've got some time to get there, but make sure you do before it's gone.

For history fans, and all people, this is worth the visit.
The tickets were a bargain at Tix 4 Tonight (around $14) so don't pay at the door.
Many artifacts that put a real perspective on the victims of the sinking.
Go.

This is a really great exhibit.
When you first walk in they give you a boarding pass of an actual passenger on the Titanic, and when you are done you check on a board to see if your person lived or not.
They have a lot of artifacts from the ship, including a huge side panel of the ship which is very impressive.
The setup is very well done as well, at one point you walk into a room that is supposed to be a walkway outside of the ship at night, the wind and setup really feels like you are on a cruise ship.
Also the grand staircase replica is really nice.
Very well worth the money to see the exhibit.

I usually limit reviews to restaurants, but this exhibit is worth a mention.
Really interesting and well done.
Looking through the various artifacts (especially by class) was very interesting, as were the personal stories.
Found the replica of the staircase outstanding.
This exhibit is well worth a visit.
Plus, we got discounted tix, so not a bad deal.

As a titanic nut, and I was one long before the movie, titanic exhibits have always been a treat but this is by far one of the best.
I go almost every time I visit vegas as the amount of information contained is amazing.
Always spring for the audio wand tour, it makes the exhibits much more worth while and enjoy yourself because it is a treat.

Very sobering experience.
You get to walk thru and see various artifacts from the Titanic but the coolest thing was the giant section of the hull.
We missed it when it came to Denver but made sure to see the show in Vegas.
Wow!
It's a must see.

This is absolutely amazing.
It's very well designed and does a great job of mixing 'dry' facts -- as perceived by some of my friends not fully engaged by the history/stories of the Titanic -- and the human side of Titanic's history.
If you saw the exhibit while it was at the Tropicana for several years, it's basically the same set up [and is described by many others here, so I'll try to skip most of that] but now it's much larger and has a couple significant additions: first, a full-size re-creation of the top level of the Grand Staircase (where you can also have your picture taken if you're so inclined); and second, "The Big Piece," the largest segment of hull recovered from the crash site.
For those taken with the history of the Titanic these two key additions are awe-inspiring .
and for those _really_ taken with it, they're enough to make you weak in the knees!

A must see exhibit if you are a history buff.This is an authentic titanic exhibit where the remnants of whatever remained during the salvaging are on display.
A walk through exhibit at your own pace.Very informative and the sets are replicas of sections of the ship.
The highlight would be the huge chunk of the ship that was found plus the replica of the grand staircase where a photographer will take your picture and later sell it to you for $25 at the exit.
You are not required to purchase it.
If you got time to kill this is a must see exhibit!

This exhibit was really, really cool.
I'm a bit of a Titanic buff and have been reading every piece of literature about it that I can get my hands on for as long as I can remember.
I went with my dad, his girlfriend, and my boyfriend and I'd say we all had a great time.
They have replicas of the various cabins and the grand staircase.
There are also lots of miscellaneous goodies that have been brought up from the bottom of the ocean (think jewelry, dishes, toiletry items, etc.).
The best part is "The Big Piece" -- a huge chunk of the boat that they brought up and have preserved so it can be displayed.
I also really liked that we got boarding passes with real passengers' names on them at the beginning of the exhibit; at the end you get to check the wall of survivors and see if you lived.
All 4 of the people in my party survived -- what are the chances of that?
We got our tickets half off that morning at Bill's.
After all the fees they ended up being about $15 a pop, but I would have paid full price.

To avoid the afternoon heat, my bf and I checked out this exhibit after Bodies yesterday morning.
I can't consider myself an expert by any means on the Titanic, but I'm very interested in its' history and was very impressed with this exhibit.
It was nicely put together, had a lot of interesting bios and artifacts, and was just really awesome.

My first review!
I've been using Yelp for years and am only just now giving back.
My bf and I took my 7 year old nephew and a 17 year old here to kill an afternoon.
Let me start by saying, I love the story of the Titantic, but I thought this exhibit was just okay.
There are portions of the exhibit which are fantastic, i.e., the deck, big piece and iceberg where you can actually touch the iceberg and imagine what it must have been like that night.
As a whole though, I found it to be lacking.
It could have been a lot more interesting than it was.
The 17 year old seemed entertained but the 7 year old was bored and we even did the audio tour.
I would have enjoyed it a little more had the 7 year old not been trying to leave ten minutes into the exhibit.
If you do decide to do this tour, I definitely think the audio tour enriches the experience so be sure to spring for it (only $6).
I say good for kids 12 and up.
However, if you are choosing between Bodies or this exhibit, go for Bodies.

I am a huge Titanic buff.
I've basically been obsessed with everything about it since I was a kid.
So when I found out the artifact exhibit was in town, I jumped on the chance to go.
I am so very glad I did!
The exhibit is amazing and breath-taking.
When you head over to the exhibit, you get a boarding pass with the name of an actual passenger on it.
When you finish the tour, there is a huge wall with a list of passengers, both survivors and deceased, and there you can match up your boarding pass and see if the person you got lived or died on the ship.
The exhibit has several areas, including replica cabin rooms, a replica of the grand staircase, and even a replica of the boardwalk that you walk through (and that they chill to make it feel as cool as it was the night the ship sank).
They have a huge iceberg that you can touch, which is so neat.
The coup de grâce is the chunk of the actual hull of the ship.
It is amazing to see and is quite moving as well, especially for a Titanic junkie like myself.

In the beginning you get a passport card that explains about a person that was on the titanic and as you go through the exhibit you find their story and at the end you see if they lived or not.
AS for musuems go this really gives you a sense of the titanic with recreated rooms and items from the ship.
THE LARGE PIECE is the best,  idea for getting a scale for the ship.
They even have the grand staircase, a deck and an ice berg you can touch.
The part that got me, was in the end a list of who lived who died, the ratio for the different types of passengers and the crew.
Out of all, (and this makes sense) the crew got hit the hardest.
I won't tell the name of the person i got, but I nearly cried when I realized the person lived while my boyfriends didn't and the couple next to us' characters also didn't live.
Gives you a sense of how tragic it was.

Wow.
Wow.
and more Wow!
I think this is definitely one of the TOP must see things in Vegas.
Affordable tickets!
(Esp.
if you're a local and can prove it by showing your library card hahah) I don't want to give away anything from the exhibit, but I left feeling so moved by the whole Titanic story!

This is well worth seeing.
It was very moving at some parts and I found myself tearing up several times.
I was blown away by the big piece at the end of the tour.
I have seen two other Titanic exhibits in other parts of the country and this was definitely the best one.

I saw this exhibit when it was at the Tropicana Casino- the first casino to host the exhibit.
I've always liked historical perspectives (true stories fascinate me) and grew up in a city where museums were accessible (Bay Area).
I also had an interest in archaeology and studied ancient civilizations (Ancient Egyptians, Mayans, Incans).
There are 300 artifacts (dishes, cups, clothes, jewelry) and replicas of some of the cabins.
This experience is not to be rushed!
I found it really interesting to see a huge chunk of history.
Like the Pearl Harbor/Arizona Memorial tour (war hero info), you get information on an actual passenger.
The touchable iceberg was so cold (it's sad when you think about all the people that died- but they will not be forgotten).
On the other hand, it's amazing that so much was recovered.
If you have the chance to experience a piece of historical significance, go see this exhibit- it's worth it.
And take the kids with you.
But take your time, there's no need to rush.

This was the best thing I did in Vegas.
WOW.
I've been interested in Titanic since wayyyyy before the movie came out...I could probably practically give the tour of this place so I had a ton of fun.
I went with my husband and he also loved it.
In the beginning they give you a boarding pass with the name of a passenger, their class, and their story.
My husband got Thomas Andrews [[the ships designer]], and I got a 2nd class passenger who was a mistress and traveling with her dude and his 2 teenage kids.
at the end you can see if you lived or died.
we both died.
They have many artifacts...and many recreations.
its damn right chilling to walk through this place.
especially when you already have an emotional connection to this story like I do.
Theres a replica of the 3rd class hallways and a room.
The grand staircase will make you go HOLY SHIT...its damn right down to the T...i'll post a pic.
My favorite thing ever tho was when you walk out onto a recreation of the deck...and they have a backdrop with stars and the actual temperature it was that night...you seriously feel like you are on the deck of a ship at night.
its spectacular.
theres also a real iceberg you can touch.
that bitch is COLD...like damn.
Theres also a section of the hull that they pulled up a few years ago...its incredible to look at it and think wow thats huge then you look at the drawing of the ship and the little tiny square that shows which section it is.
In the gift shop you can purchase a picture of yourself on the grand staircase and in front of the piece of ship...but you can also look at them online...gotta love screen capture programs.
yeah i'm a cheapass so what.
you can also purchase pieces of coal...the teeny tiny peices are $20...or you can buy the 55lb chunk for $500,000.
BOTTOM LINE....GO SEE THIS!!!!

One of the best exhibits I've been too.
They did a great job presenting interesting artfacts recovered from the Titanic grave site.
From the personal items left by passengers, individual letters written to family members pre-boarding, the sample "iceberg", to the piece of ship wreckage, I thoroughly enjoyed myself.
At the beginning, they give you a piece of paper with passenger information (each person in my party had a different passenger) on it - make sure you check the ship log before you exit to find out said passengers fate.
Such a terrible tradgedy - the exhibit does a good job of making you feel like you were there that night - what happened, what went one in the minds of the survivors.
A definite must see in Vegas!

i like the tittanic exhibition .
i made the mistake of taking pictures and chewing gum because these offenses are punishable by death .
they said no picture takin allowed or food but being im an outlaw  i pressed on.
they got on my case beacause i was  chewing gum.. it turns out gum is food so i was bitch slapped back to macarran airport.
they took my sand disk card i had  in my home movie camera and erased all my hard work.
the big boned female security guard really really did her job and taught me the evil of my ways.i make charles manson look like a boy scout.
even thou i was  flogged and whipped in public  on las vegas blvd at high noon in front of everyone it was still worth it all to see this historic piece of history.

I went late in the evening when there was no-one around...and god was I delighted I did.
Walking alone into the room where the famous staircase is situated I got shivers.
Walking on the deck alone, touching the iceberg and reading the sad and jaw dropping stories of survivors and casualties really thrilled and moved my insatiable curiosity about the Titanic.
This is such a moving, poignant and respectful exhibit that it will remain with me for a long time.
Definitely the best thing I saw in Vegas.
Being able to smell the scent from the perfume vials they found was definitely a highlight.
Miss this exhibit at your loss!

I have been wanting to see this exhibit for a long time and finally got a chance to see it tonight.
It is defiantly a must see-and a true experience of the Titanic "feeling".
You first are greeted with a boarding pass with a real passengers information - and at the end you get to see if you survied.
Then you get to see all the wonderful artifacts from jewelery to money and dishes.
My favorite part was the grand staircase which we were able to take pictures on.
Also there is a part were it looks like your outside of the deck with all the stars shining really bright...then you get to the part were there is a huge glacier and you get to touch it and feel how cold it is and can only imagine the pain the poor people had to feel when out in the water.
It was filled with interesting facts and a real inspiring exhibit.
Makes you appreciate life.
But a definite "must see" in Vegas.

Before you enter the exhibit, you will get a passenger ticket of an actual passenger that was on the Titanic.
The card will have a name, age, where the person is from, where the person is sailing to (as well as their reason to sail), which social class they are from, and etc.
As you make your way through the exhibit, you get to read about the history of selective passengers from different social classes--learn their names, their occupations, where they are from and reason why they were sailing.
The exhibit had a lot of  artifacts (ie clothing, shoes, jewelry, hand bags, kitchenware, and etc).
They did a great job showing the different accommodations on the ship for 1st, 2nd, and 3rd class passengers--got to see replicas of the cabins, pictures of the dinning areas, as well as see the different dishware that were used for each class.
Viewers of the exhibit will get to be up close to the steel side- panel of the ship (the largest piece of the Titanic ever to recover..aka The Big Piece.
) It was just astonishing!
The Big Piece will only be at the Luxor until 2018.
There was also a replication of the Grand Staircase where you can walk up and take pictures; and an outside deck where you can walk and look at stars sparkling in the dark (air conditioner was cranked up to give you a chilly feeling); and a real (about) 7 feet tall and 12 feet long block of ice (to imitate an ice berg) where you can touch!!
Anyways, fast forward... at the end of the exhibit, there will be 3 panels of passenger's names.
Based on your passenger's ticket, you will learn whether your passenger survived or had been lost in the tragic.
AMAZING!!
AMAZING!!
I enjoyed it a lot and I definitely recommend!

My experience with this exhibition was awesome!!
I have to say, that I'm into the whole Titanic Documentary for a long while now.
I was so anxious to see artifacts from the Titanic.
So going to this exhibition, was icing on the cake.
The wife and I got to the exhibition, checked in, and waited till it was our turn to go through the tour.
We first got our picture taken in front of a big screen, for a souvenir picture, that we picked up after the tour.
We were given a boarding pass of a passenger that was on the Titanic, and at the end, we were able to see if the passenger survived or not.
That was really interesting to know who was on the boat.
But I have to say, the staff was so nice, and so informative, I listened to every word they said.
Of course, you'll have some one quoting the movie, here and there, which made it fun and entertaining.
Going through the tour, we got to see bits and pieces of real artifacts from the construction of the ship, the cabins, the decks, and to the iceberg, that it was so nice to see and experience.
Reading what's on the walls and the artifacts along the way, make you feel what these Titanic passenger, saw themselves and how they settled themselves inside the Titanic.
I was really impressed, when we went into the room where they had the Grand Staircase, which is probably the well known staircase, that was in the movie and in documentaries.
They had some one to take our picture, so we could have a souvenir copy of the staircase.
After that, they brought us to a room, where they started getting warnings about the icebergs.
I was really amazed that, they had a room, that wasn't really that cold, but cold enough to have a mock iceberg, and I was able to feel how cold the iceberg was.
Just having something that cold, shaped as an iceberg in the room, just makes it, visually interesting to have in a room.
It does help make you feel what these passenger felt.
Going through the tour, you get a better understanding, what happened, and what was preserved.
It also showcase, plates that were saved and still in decent condition, as well as a bottle, that still has champagne inside it, after all these years.
They even have a big sculpture on how the Titanic look at the bottom of the sea.
What made my eyes open really wide, was the "Big Piece" that they recover from the wreckage.
It has its history written on the wall and how difficult it was to lift it up.
It took them a while, but they were able to bring that piece onto surface, and on display.
Which gives you a good view on what the ship has gone through and what it look like inside and out.
It's probably the biggest artifact, recovered from the wreckage.
I'm just so happy, that I could actually see it in person.
I would recommend this, if you're a big fan like me, who's been following this documentary for a long time, or even seen the movie.
But if you haven't seen either, you should come see it, cause its a great experience to see history unfold right in front of you.

I've always been fascinated with the Titanic.
Hell yeah, you bet I still have the tapes of the Titanic movie when it first came out.
But there's no Jack & Rose here.
Or was there ever at all.
The entrance ot the exhibit was quite impressive.
So is the music.
Gives you the goosebumps, especially if you're alone.
I wouldn't know what the real inside of the Titanic looked like but some of the sections were made to look like the real deal.
I loved the rooms.
This exhibit gave the deepest details of every little thing- about what passengers typically had and what was used in there, what bowls they had, the real items passengers had, etc.
It was excellent.
I'm still surprised they retrieved so many items owned by the passengers.
How 'epic', as kids like to describe things these days.
I actually had to rush out after the first-class room/dining antiques so I had to skim through the exhibition, but I definitely did not miss the big chunk of the ship.
Wow.
It's so amazing that they retrieved something so hard to find, and I believe it was $500K.
Are you kidding?
That piece should be worth millions!
If you're a fan of the Titanic, you definitely should pay a visit.
It'll be worth that $26!
There's so much information about people and even seeing the things that once belonged to someone who may or maynot have died on that boat, is heartbreaking.

Great experience!
The only weird part was in the dark room where you just see stars - it felt eerie...

I decided to check this place out on a recent trip to Vegas since its gotten so many good reviews, and I wasn't disappointed.
The exhibit was pretty awesome.
If you're some sort of Titanic-dweeb you would definitely lose your mind!
I don't fall in that category or anywhere near it and ill admit that most of my interest in the ship derives from the Hollywood flick, but I still found it interesting!
Its pretty pricey at $26 a head, but it's Vegas after all, so what can you expect?
You can find a deal where you can purchase admission to three MGM/M-life attractions for $54 which is a good deal if you can find three attractions that you'd like to check out.
This deal is available at any of the box offices outside the attractions.
Anyway, since it's Vegas I only took off half a star for being pricey.
The other half a star that I took off was because parts of the exhibit were slow/boring/required a lot of reading in order to find the significance of the piece.
Yes I know its a walk through exhibit where you're supposed to take your time to appreciate everything but still, I'm just saying.
There were certain pieces that were just like "Oh, that's kind of cool, I guess.
Next!
"   On the other hand, there were those totally awesome parts of the exhibit that made it worth it.
For one, the replica of first and third class rooms, the room that tricks you into thinking you're out on the deck of the ship on a starry night, the giant iceberg that you are allowed to touch, and the giant piece of the ship at the end.
I want to include the replica of the grand staircase to this list of awesomeness but I'm gonna have to admit that i was let down a bit because I though it'd be bigger, but it was still pretty cool.
As others have mentioned you get to take a picture on the staircase and it's available for purchase at the end of the tour.
You also take one as soon as you enter the exhibit in front of a green screen.
You get a 5 by 7 of each picture and four wallet sized of the one on the staircase, one of which is turned into a boarding pass, all for $25.
You can also order a 3-D version of your photo but I don't know how much that one costs as its pretty much unnecessary anyway.
No food, drinks, cell phones, or cameras.
Well, have fun in Vegas and definitely check this place out if you've got any leftover money to blow.

I was recently given free tickets to this exhibit.
The Luxor definitely needed to do something about their ticket counter because it took us 25 minutes at 4 pm on a Wednesday just to get in.
There was a man working the counter that was in charge of the audio programs and he stood there talking to the security guard about rock bands the entire time the other employee was busy with a very long line of people wanting to get in.
Ugh!
I did find the exhibit interesting and as many other reviewers stated, the recreations of the staircase and cabins were nice.
However, even by Vegas standards, $56 for two tickets (if I had had to pay) would not have been worth it.
After the 20th display of some bolt or valve that was from some mechanical part of the ship I became a little bored and did not mind when we reached the end.

For all of you titanic fans out there, this was amazing to see.
Items from the passengers that were recovered, the iceberg, the re-created staircase, and the best part of all, "The Big Piece.
"  To be able to see a large piece of titanic was eye opening.
I must agree with a few of the other Yelpers, this was a nice break from the glitz of Vegas.

The 25,000-square-foot exhibit features numerous items from the Titanic, including luggage, the ship's whistles, floor tiles from the first-class smoking room, a window frame from the Verandah Cafe and an unopened bottle of champagne with a 1900 vintage.
In addition, the exhibit features a piece of Titanic's hull, a full-scale re-creation of the Grand Staircase as well as a newly expanded outer Promenade Deck, complete with the frigid temperatures felt on that fateful April night.
These actual artifacts, recovered from two and one half miles below the surface of the North Atlantic, tell the story behind the legendary Titanic's short journey from construction and destruction to eventual recovery.
Walk her decks, peer into her cabins and meet her passengers and crew.
Described as a floating palace, the incomparable Titanic was deemed "practically unsinkable" by the White Star Line and its builders.
However, on a calm April night in 1912, the massive luxury liner struck an iceberg and slowly sank into the North Atlantic.
Since then, many items from the wreckage have been recovered and added to Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition.
The personal artifacts on display offer haunting, emotional connections to the forever-altered lives of those on board the Titanic.
Visitors even have a chance to walk through authentically re-created first- and third-class rooms, with furnishings by original manufacturers.

Great for historical value and the immersion experience.
Awesome addition of getting the ticket and learning whether your individual perished or not.
Overall though I would NOT suggest you pay the 40-50$ it costs.
BTW, I loved the movie and the majestic stairs made me nostalgic.

I have to say I was really excited to find out this titanic exhibition was in Vegas when I went.
I went on the 99th anniversary of titanic.
We paid for full price for this and I know that was foolish of me because I had a paper where you pay $26.00 and a $1.00 for the second person.
Sadly I paid in the $60 to $70 range.
Maybe my review would be different if I paid less.
***TIP*** CHECK OUT LITTLE BOOKLETS YOU GET IN HOTELS FOR DEALS ON THIS EXHIBIT.
ALSO THERE ARE SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW.
Well on our first journey into the 3rd class cabin they have a replica of what it looked like if you were in that part of the ship.
It's actually quite shocking but I expected the beds and room they shared to be that tiny.
I've been watching documentaries and reading about the titanic for 15+ years.
Each time I am amazed at what they find.
When you make your way to the 1st class area there is a deck.
The odd thing is it gets cold and feels like you are actually on the ship.
It's a bit ere.
You pretty much stare out into darkness.
This part of the exhibit was my 3rd favorite.
Seeing the grand staircase and the REAL side of the ship (the big piece)was amazing.
When you see how big the 1st class cabins were you will be amazed.
One thing I did not expect to see was a closed bottle of wine still intact I was a little shocked at that.
Imagine 99 years ago someone was about to pop open that bottle amazing.
A lot of the little artifacts were just amazing because you are here today looking at these things that people once owned.
I wish I would have paid the extra $6.00 to hear the sound portion of the exhibit I recommend you see that.
If its your first time seeing this do not watch the commercials in the luxor hotel rooms it pretty much gave everything away.
I am glad I seen it after I went to the exhibit.
I guess the only reason I am not giving the full stars is because I felt the exhibit was a bit short.
Plus also the cost but then I get that they have to preserve this stuff for its audience to see.

I bought a deal on eBay for 55.00 total for two tickets to see Titanic & the Bodies exhibition.
It was 55.00 well spent.
I would go back and pay full price to see either one.
KEEP THE PASSPORT you get before entering the exhibit because in the end you get to find out if your passenger survived or died on the Titanic.
In the middle of the exhibit, you get to take a picture on the replica of the Grand Staircase of the Titanic.
If you decide not to buy it on the spot, you can always buy it online using the ticket they give you after the take your picture.
It was a really informative and spectacular exhibit.
Definitely something you want to check out outside of the Las Vegas scene of gambling and drinking.
We went to this exhibit on the last day of our trip before our flight.

This is my 2nd time visiting but the last time was at The Tropicana.
I felt they could have given a better "Resident Rate".
The discount was only $3.00 but if you went and got a free book it was $5.00 off - Don't get that.
I love the exhibit but I feel it is overly priced.

I hadn't been planning on visiting this attraction, since I'm not really a Titanic buff.
But as part of a 3-event package deal offered by MGM Mirage Resorts -- the other events I chose were BODIES: The Exhibition and the Shark Reef Aquarium, it made economic sense, as they say.
As such, the cost for me to see the Titanic Exhibition was reduced to $18, which according to this page, was a lot less than what other reviewers paid.
The Titanic disaster continues to intrigue and enthrall people worldwide, and I was unaware that this Exhibit came to Las Vegas in late 2008 and will be there for 10 years.
The Exhibit is a mix of actual artifacts and recreations (Note:  the recreations aren't clearly marked -- you just sort of have to figure it out).
I enjoyed reading the various biographies of some of the individuals on board.
Other reviewers here on this page explained that they received a Passport at the beginning of the Exhibit, with the name and personal information about a real Titanic passenger.
Then, at the end, you find out if that person lived or died (a bit morbid, I think).
This feature was not available when I visited the Exhibit.
The climax of the Exhibit is the giant, recovered piece of the ship itself, but even the tiniest of the artifacts -- mostly the personal belongings of the ship's passengers -- had me stunned, given their perfectly preserved state.

I saw the Titanic exhibition when it was at the Trop, but I wanted to come back and see it at the Luxor with its enhanced room and display.
Mainly, I wanted to see "The Big Piece," a 15 ton section of the Titanic's hull that was raised in 1998 from 2 1/2 miles down and with glass still in one of the portholes.
This was not at the Trop and it's worth it just to see this.
I enjoyed reading all the interpretive signs and once again, I was fascinated by the dishes that were retrieved from the ocean bottom lined up like they were sitting in a giant dishwasher.
I like that you still get a card with the name of a Titanic passenger and you can check the board at the end of the tour to see if they survived.
The person on my card died but his son survived.
Interesting story and I'll do some research to see if I can find more information.

Great museum layout of the Titanic disaster, which gives you a historical account of what occurred that fatal night when 1500+ died.
I felt  I was on the ship as I walked through the exhibits.
One of the best museums in Las Vegas and I definitely recommend it for young and old.
You will leave the exhibit feeling you lived a part of history and can empathize with the passengers.
Be sure to take advantage of the $5.00 off coupon on any of the Las Vegas tourism magazines.

We just visited here today.
While the artifacts were intetesting there was nothing really mind blowing.
Most artifacts were small personal items.
One thing I must mention... the price.
It is $21 for children and $28 for adults.
Not exactly worth it.
For what they offered I would expect to pay half that much.

I saw this as a traveling exhibit in June 2011 at a midwest museum.
It seems to be a bit different than the Vegas exhibit.
The replicas of guest rooms were there, as well as the mini iceberg, but the large piece of ship was not, nor were the corked champagne bottle and replica of grand staircase.
However, we did get the boarding pass with actual passenger's name.
That added a personal connection with passengers, not morbid.
My kids loved that.
Ticket price was $20.
In conjuction with the exhibit the museum had Ghosts of the Abyss at their IMAX.
It was awesome.
(See the movie first, then the exhibit.
)  I enjoyed the exhibit, but thought it would be larger.
My greatest disappointment was that the collection of shoes were not part of this exhibit.
They must be at another museum.
It was well worth the ticket fee and I recommend it.

Ever since I was a little girl, I've loved everything Titanic the same way a fat kid loves cake.
I don't know what it is about it, but it just never ceases to fascinate the little girl who still lives inside me.
I was surprised to even hear that real artifacts have been recovered...and then that they were on display to any Tom, Dick, or Harry with a small wad of cash!...I was so in.
So I clipped the coupon for $5 off up to four tickets (that were given at hotel check-in) & made a beeline for the Luxor.
With the discount, it came to $28 a piece.
Don't tell the head honchos, but they left money on the table...cuz I would've paid double that.
lol   I'll leave the best for last & start with the gift shop, which is unreal.
You can buy actual small pieces of coal recovered from Titanic starting at $20.
And you can get replicas of the plates & so much more.
One surreal fact I learned is that a first class ticket cost $57,000 in today's money!
I absolutely loved how you get a passport replica of real people & their story.. and you could check the board to see if your peeps made it out safely or not.
Turns out that roughly 1500 perished and only 700 survived ;ironical for a ship advertised as unsinkable.
But my gal who was very close to my age, survived as well as her son..but her husband didn't...a common event on the ship since it was "women & children first.
" That passport made it so hit home, & being the obsessive Titanic fan that I am, I betchya that I'll keep that passport replica until I kick the bucket myself.
But to say the experience was mindblowing would be an understatement, I believe.
Among my favorite things were the bottle of champagne still full & corked, the small travel bottles of perfume that they let you smell through holes in the plexiglass box & that were still very fragrant after 75 years of being underwater, & walking through the recreations of the halls, and rooms.
And you know I just couldn't resist the urge to quietly yelp out "Jack!...Jack!

Terrific exhibit.
Well worth the money.
Everything was nicely put together, you really felt like you were taking a journey.
The artifacts are beautifully displayed.
I was blown away that handwritten letters and postcards were recovered.
It was all so personal, at times I had chills.
"The Big Piece" is incredible, it took my breath away.
If you are in Vegas between now and 2018 stop in and see this.

Warning: Some SPOILERS in here!
I actually really enjoyed this!
My boyfriend and I didn't feel like seeing any shows... so when we passed by that discount ticket booth, they were selling the Titanic exhibit for only $16.
Heck-yes, since at the door I heard it was around $30.
BUT when you buy it from those discount ticket booths on the strip, they do charge you an extra $3 of tax(?).
So it was technically $19.
Anyways, the exhibit was very interesting!
One of the coolest parts was the recreation of a hallway.
I felt like I was in the movie of the Titanic!
My eyes were pretty watery throughout the whole exhibit because there are several pictures of passengers which tells their story on how they got onto the Titanic.
I also like how they give you a card of a passenger and at the end you find out if they survived or not.
I really do suggest coming to this exhibit if you have free time in Vegas.
OH and I went around 7:00pm and there was NO line.
=D It took me about an hour to go through it.
*You can't take pictures in the exhibit either.

Standing at the foot of the Grand Staircase and just imagining what it must have been like.
Wow!

emouvantt mais trop cher : 66 dollars à 2 ,n'oubliez pas de regarder si vous n'avez pas des coupons de réduction dans les petits livrets distribués en ville...trés bonne reconstitution de parties du bateau : pont , cabines , escaliers , nombreux objets personnels ou de vaisselle exposés , mise en scène Las Vegassienne de la catastrophe avec vrai morceau de glace pour donner la sensation de froid dans la pièce mais surtout énorme morceau de coque exposé trés émouvant

Wonderful!!
Granted, I was/am very interested in the Titanic to begin with, so that probably helped.
But I still thought this exhibit was incredibly well done.
I would definitely go again if I find myself in Las Vegas.
I expected it to be amazing, and it STILL was way better than I expected it to be.

Obviously I would love to be one of those scientists in the sea looking at this first hand, but I'm not qualified.
So this was absolutely second best!
They did a great job setting up this exhibit and Go Luxor for getting a 10 year contract.
Honestly I wasn't expecting as much as I saw but it was a good interesting hour and no there was no Leo or Kate around!
:) The exhibit really made me want to be there and of course be one of the survivors in first class which I was.
They passed out note cards to everyone and on the note cards were your name, occupation and other personal information and at the end of the tour you could check and see if you survived.
There were a lot of touching stories and beautiful artifacts that I was just so grateful to have been able to see.
It was well worth what we paid ( we got a package deal), but I would have been OK paying full price too.

This is a museum-quality exhibit in the middle of a Las Vegas casino -- really surprising.
While it's a bit expensive ($28) on its own, you can get in for $17 as part of a 3-venue pass (choice of 3 of 8 for $54), or as a combined discount with Bodies (immediately adjacent).
There are a good mix of artifacts recovered from the Titanic, and textual descriptions.
Lots of interesting facts, and it's amazing that anything has been recovered at all.
It's certainly not much of a spoiler to say "the ship sinks", but reading accounts of how individuals survived or didn't make it a lot more real.

This was a totally realistic view into what it would have been like to have been on board the Titanic.
My husband and I got our tickets as a part of a package deal at the Luxor, this exhibit was definitely worth the time to go to!
If you are into history or just into the Titanic story, this is a worthwhile exhibit to visit for sure.
One of my favorite parts of this exhibit comes in the very beginning of the exhibit where they re-create the 3rd class passengers hallway.
It looked like it was fresh out of the movie Titanic.
The white, wooden hallway and the white pipes above really takes you there, along with the sound of the engines going.
They also have lots of reading in that hallway on the walls about certain 3rd class passengers and their families.
It was interesting to know that most of those passengers were really had enough money to be 2nd class passengers (who got the same amenities and dining privileges as the 1st class passengers, just not as nice rooms) chose to be 3rd class to save money for their arrival to America.
So sad that none of them knew what was to come.
Another very interesting stat that they tell is that the 1st class passengers paid what is now worth $103,00.00 for their rooms.
That was about $1,300 back in their day.
Amazing.
They also tell you of the unsinkable Molly Brown, probably the most famous of the Titanic passengers, the crew and the young boy that was the reason why the Titanic hit the iceberg.
They also have an iceberg statue in one of the rooms of what the iceberg that the Titanic possibly hit that night.
It is extremely heavy, hard and you can barely hold your hand on it for more than a few seconds.
That is what the passengers had to contend with.
You also get to see the famous part of the ship that they found and brought back up from the sea in 1994 which was taken to Seattle first and is now at the Luxor, and it will be there for 10 years, about 7 more years left of its stay there.
At the end of the exhibit you get to see if the person on your boarding pass survived the Titanic disaster or if they died.
It was interesting to see that there were quite a bit of 2nd class and 3rd class survivors, because they do say that 1st class, women and children were the first to board the disaster boats.
The gift shop is pretty cool also.
They have a bunch of china and dinnerware according to class there.
They have replica  cups, bowls and plates that the 1st, 2nd and 3rd class passengers used while on their stay.
We had to get some of the 3rd class dinnerware because we thought they were pretty cool.
The other china was a little too sophisticated :)  We also had to get the picture that they take of you before you start your journey into the exhibit.
They photoshop you in front of the piece of the ship that they found years ago and they also photoshop you on the grand stair case, something I forgot to mention above, but it is absolutely breathtaking to look at!
For $24 we got two large prints of us on the stair case and in front of the wreckage, we got a boarding pass wiht our picture in front of the stairs case on it and it was laminated, and we also got some wallets of us on the stair case too.
We also got a piece of coal that was from the original ship.
They only have a select few, so it was really wonderful that we were able to purchase a piece of history.
I would totally do this exhibit again and read every thing all over again.
This is an amazing experience.

At first, I had no interest about this but since i found tickets at Tix4Tonight for only $16 (NOT including tax and fees) I thought let's give this a go.
Hours are from 10am-10pm with last ticket sales at 9pm, this exhibition was fantastic!!!!!
It was surreal to see how the cabins of 1st and 3rd class looked like, the major difference of the designs of each class's utensils and the replica grand staircase gave me goosebumps.
What also gave me the chills (not sure if they were good or bad since the history of Titanic was such a sad one) was the part where it looked like you were on the deck of the ship looking out into the cold starry night.
Personal belongings from actual passengers that once board this ill-fated ship were on displays too.
I was taken back a bit knowing that THESE ACTUAL ITEMS were ONCE on this ship!
WOW.
The exhibition took about an hr.
There were lots to look at and lots to read.
I recommend this to all, Titanic lovers or not.
P.S.
NO FOOD OR DRINKS so don't go buy a Fat Tuesday and come here.
They will make you throw your drinks and snacks away or finish it before you get inside.
P.P.S They don't let you take photos either.
Kinda bummed bout that.

I don't think it was worth the price, however its worth a see at a discounted rate or complimentary tickets.
Some parts of it were educational and visually outstanding, which other rooms looked low budget and have barely any information.
If your going to charge 3 x a movie ticket make the exhibit a movie length long at least and if your going to charge 6 bucks for hearing tour have some more audio playback for it.

This was a wonderful experience!
Being a huge Titanic fan, I was ecstatic to learn that they have an exhibit of it at Luxor.
My boyfriend and I went on a Saturday night and it wasn't crowdd at all.
Good for us!
We spent $6 dollars on top of our tickets to get the audio tour as well but it's really not worth it because most of the stuff they say were written out for you to see already.
I suggest you skip that to save a couple of bucks.
Other than that, the experience was so surreal and AMAZING.
It's very interesting to see all the artifacts they were able to collect from the ship.
They had a replica of the grand staircase which was beautiful.
You can see how people slept in the 1st class or 3rd class cabin.
You were able to experience and feel exactly how it would be like to be on the Titanic.
You even got to feel this piece of iceberg that will feel how cold it was for those on the ship.
They had names of everyone on the ship and whether or not they survived or perished.
Walking through this exhibit gave me all sorts of feelings.
I was in awe and shock at the beautiful replica of the staircase.
I was fascinated by the different cabins and artifacts shown.
At times, I also felt very sad for those that were not fortunate enough to survive.
I even got chills and goosebumps a few times.
My only gripe was that we could not take pictures.
Totally understandable.
They wanted to perserve the artifacts.
I just wish I was able to capture this wonderful experience on camera.
The exhibit will only stay here for 10 years and then they will be moving so I suggest everyone capture this opportunity and go see this!
Whether or not you're a Titanic fan, I'm sure you will find it enjoyable.

Although this is something everyone should see, it is a HUGE buzzkill.
:/ Why does it have to be in vegas?

I followed the advice on Yelp and got a ticket at Tix4Tonight for $16.60 plus a $3.00 service charge (otherwise known as $19.60).
I thought the exhibit was good, not great, until I came the room with a big piece of the side of the Titanic that they hauled out of the ocean (called, aptly, The Big Piece).
FYI: it's big.
And it's worth the cost of admission.
History came alive, though not literally.
I left satisfied, which doesn't happen often.
Three star exhibit with five star chunk of the Titanic = four stars.
Go.

I have to admit, I only wanted to visit this exhibit after learining they have a life sized replica of the Grand Staircase AND you can take a picture on it!!
But, also learning about and seeing the artifacts from the wreckage would be interesting!
My BF and I got our tickets from the box office right outside of the exhibit (we did the 3 for $54 deal - Titanic, NYNY Roller coaster, and the Shark Reef), which was a good deal...I think!
No pictures allowed with your own cameras, which was kind of a bummer - I loved the recreations of the rooms, also the outside deck at night was really trippy!!
And of course - the Grand Staircase!
Haha...but of course they have a photographer to do that for you!
Anyway, you're given a ticket with the name of an actual passenger and you get to find out if you survived or not.
There was so much artifacts recovered from that fateful night, that it's pretty overwhelming.
They even lined up some of the plates the same way it was found at the bottom of the ocean with a picture next to it, showing you the placement!!
That was cool.
There's also a huge part of the actual ship on display  that is really called "The Big Piece"!
It's pretty crazy, since that piece is really big, and then there's a picture of the entire ship  and the tiny little section that it came from - so it really is a "Big Piece"!!
I'm happy to announce that the person's ticket I was holding survived the disaster; but my BF, sadly perished...so he had to pay for our pictures!

By far, one of the most amazing exhibits I've encountered, although I'm biased since I'm hugely interested in the Titanic and it's history.
I knew nothing about the exhibit before entering, and was blown away by the recreated portions of the ship.
The artifacts and information boards sharing the history of the Titanic were amazing, but it was the portion of the hull and it's story that touched me the most.
Sobering and fascinating in the same.
I would return again, and definitely will if a similar exhibit comes to Denver.

I am fascinated by the history of the Titanic, so I knew I wanted to visit this exhibit at some point.
I had low expectations, thinking it would be a quick walk-through of various artifacts, but it ended up being much more than that.
The exhibit goes through chronological order, beginning with the construction of the ship and the description of the different cabin classes.
There are recreations of the rooms and certain parts of the ship, like the Grand Staircase and the deck of the ship at night, which is eerily cool!
It also highlights various passengers' stories and why they were on the Titanic in the first place.
Then, it goes into the departure of the ship, the collision with the iceberg, and the aftermath.
There are a few videos you can watch, including a Discovery channel recreation of the Titanic's demise and another one about the 2010 recovery efforts.
There is also a huge chunk of ice that you can touch, which is meant to show you how cold the iceberg and water were that night.
The most interesting artifact was The Big Piece, a large part of the ship that was recovered, preserved and now on display.
I had a $10 off coupon, but I found an even better deal through Tix 4 Tonight.
Each ticket came out to $19.60 each after taxes and fees, and for that price, I felt it was worth it.
They have an optional audio tour for an additional $6, but there is plenty to read and look at without it.
There is also a small gift shop at the end of the exhibit and an opportunity to buy cheesy cut-and-pasted pictures of yourself in front of the Grand Staircase or The Big Piece.
Cell phones must be turned off, and no cameras or food/drinks are allowed!

I have always been fascinated by the Titanic so naturally when I went to Vegas for my honeymoon I jumped at the opportunity to see this and I am so glad I did.
To me it was worth every penny.
We paid $28 each plus $6 for the audio making the total $34 each.
It starts you out in the cargo area and you work your way up the chain of events all the way to the sinking.
You actually feel like you are on the ship and apart of the experience.
They have some pictures of the some of the key players in the Titanic with some facts about them.
In each room there is also some artifacts they were able to recover from the Titanic and although it was alot of little things it is still so beyond amazing they stayed intact under the ocean as long as they did.
They even replicated the famous staircase and you get your picture taken on it which is available for purchase after the exhibit.
The room that hit me the most was the room where they talked about the night of the sinking.
The room is very dark and cold and they have a giant iceberg that you can touch.
Then they explain that the water the people were submerged in is actually colder than that iceberg you touch and it really hit home what these people went through and it is sad.
They also have an actual piece of the Titanic called "The Big Piece" and they show which part of the Titanic it is and on the scale of the entire it is actually a small piece of the ship but the piece is huge so it gives you an idea just how big the Titanic really was.
If you take the time to really go through everything and read about artifact and listen to all the audio this tour will take you about 2 hours.
I did not skip anything.
Lastly before you go through you are given a ticket of an actual passenger and once you get to the end you find out if your passenger survived or dies that night.
My passenger survived and my husband's died.
You get to see four huge plaques divided by first class, second class, third class and crew.
the names on the top survived and the names on the bottom did not survive.
When you see it in that context it becomes very real.
I don't want to get too detailed because I don't want to spoil it.
I high recommend this to everyone.
It is amazing and very worth the time and money.

I had long wanted to see the Bodies exhibition, but wasn't as gung ho about the Titanic exhibit.
I'm not sure why, but it didn't really capture my interest.
I finally made it out to see for myself and I have to say, I was blown away.
The interactive aspect does wonders to get you involved in the story of these people.
Seeing the large fragments from the ship itself and well as actual articles pulled from the ocean was incredibly moving.
The staff was incredibly informative and interesting and I spent quite some time standing and listening to the story in depth.
I highly recommend this exhibition.
It's a part of history and the care with which all the preservation has been done is quite fascinating.

a great place those titanic fan should not miss!
u will get a boarding ticket with real passenger name on it and at the end u can find whether 'u' survive or not.
lots of fan.
but kind of sad ;(

This was a great exhibit!!!!
I went to Vegas with my teenage daughter to visit my Mom and 70 year old uncle.
Lets just say there aren't very many common interests between a 70 year old and a teenage girl.
I can across the Titanic exhibit and thought it would be something that my uncle would enjoy.
I didn't think I would be too interested, but my Uncle is sweet and dealt with us the whole week and I thought it would be nice to do something he would like.
Anyway, it turned out to be quite interesting.
At the beginning of the tour you get a little bio of a person who was on the ship.
At the end you get to find out if they survived or not.
The exhibit is top notch.
They pulled out all the stops.
Seeing the huge piece of the ship (and know it was such a tiny piece of the actual boat) was awe inspiring.
reading the stories and seeing the personal items of the people on the ship really put things into perspective during our holiday stay.
I have to admit I cried a little when I found out that the bio of the woman I got died on the boat with her husband and nine children (yes, that was 9 children).
It was a wonderful tour and well worth the admission price.

I love learning about historical events, and I wanted to learn more about the Titanic.
But I never have high expectations for anything Luxor-related.
How good can it be if it's stuck in the middle of Luxor?
Well, it can be very good.
Very interesting information, and the exhibit is well organized and detailed.
Some great artifacts to see.
I won't give a play by play, b/c you should just experience it for yourself.
I'm definitely glad I went, and you will enjoy it.

If you are ever in  Vegas + a history buff you definitely need to get down to the Luxor to view the Titanic Artifact Exhibition!
Its the best $30 you will spend unless you look in the booklet that they give out in the lobby and save $6 (hint hint).
A well done exhibit that presents artifacts that have been bought up from the bottom of the ocean and with some of the personal articles they were able to connect it to a specific passenger.
Being a Titanic buff since I was a child this exhibit was a must see.
You will be surprised at the length and depth of the exhibit, it took us almost a 1 1/2 hours to go through.
As with every exhibit/show they save the best for last.
The Big Piece, an actual restored section of the hull.
The size of this artifact is phenomenal!
You can see how the rivets were hammered by hand and there still is glass in the portholes where passengers would have looked out from.
Chilling....  Definitely a must see if you are in Vegas.

My loved it, I went along for the ride.
It is a great chance to look at history.
Good break from the fast pace of Vegas.
Tip: don't pay full price, there are countless ways to get a discount.

Left me hungry for more...loved every bit I did get.
Very cool exhibition.
Although it left my heart heavy for all those people on that very cold night, I recommend it if you love history.
They had everything from personal belongings of the passengers to actual pieces of the ship.
It was amazing to learn about!

I wanted to go to this exhibit the last time we stayed here in late 2010.
I was worried by the time we came back it would be gone.
Well, worry no more.
They have this exhibit for ten years and it started in 2008, so folks, you still have time.
It was pricey about $35 per person, that's if you don't by the earphones to give you the guided tour.
We both elected not too, I like to read the descriptions in front of me rather than have someone tell me about.
That way I can go at my own pace, etc.
A good tip is look through the coupon booklet they give you at check in, usually there is a coupon for whatever exhibit there is ongoing.
We managed to get $5 off per person bringing our grand total to $60.
They of course offer special deals if you buy three exhibits, which is a good deal but often we don't know if we are going to want to tour that many exhibits in one trip.
We've done that on other trips but this trip this was the only thing that I saw.
The point of the whole dialogue is be sure you look around for a deal before committing to full price.
Upon entry, they take your picture.
Ok, I some events I can see this but who really buys these at a museum type of an event.
If you are a single, you can opt out of this but anymore than one they want to document your visit.
They also will hand you a card with a passengers name on it.
At the end of the tour you can look and see if your passenger made it through and survived.
There is an actual part of the ship included in this tour.
They refer to it as the Big Piece and it has been preserved and it gives you an idea of how large this cruise ship was.
It was odd going through this when our own, modern day Titanic was playing out in the world news near Italy.
Might make it a hard sell for some cruise goers for a while.
Definitely worth the trip.

A must go.
I have a deeper understanding about the titanic and a new respect.
A must go....

Great history lesson lol :) gf Faye M wanted to check this out so we got the package deal where you can pick 3 exhibits sponsored by the MGM  group for 54 bucks a person (great deal).
We picked Titanic, NyNy roller coaster and shark reef exhibit.
Exploring the exact replicas of the original Titanic gave me goosebumps.
They even have a real life, ice cold iceberg replica in there.
It's real, I touched it :).
The coolest thing there was an actual piece from the Titanic that supposedly came from a chunk the iceberg tore from the side of the ship.
Weighing tons and even having the cabin Windows still attached to it, its really an eye opener.
A highly recommended exhibit.
Glad my gf wanted to see it, because I enjoyed just as much.
It's only on the luxor for a limited time (i forget how long though) so go check it out.
P.S you can even get photos by the big piece and the spiral staircase in the movie.
Visited in Aug 2011.

Wow, this was a really good exhibit!
I loved every moment of it walking through and seeing all the artifacts.
Reading about all the stories and the people were really interesting too.
Just makes me wonder about the people who made "last minute" changes to their journeys to be on the Titanic and what came about.
I like the replica of the different class hallways and room.
That first class room looked so amazing!
Looking at the pictures of what the dining rooms looked like, the architecture, and even the plates down to the spoon was interesting.
I loved the covered patio deck!
It was cheesy with the lights but oh so romantic.
I think what would be really interesting is if they had built in a simulator of the hallway that showed partially of how the Titanic tilted over and how it was like (similar to the earthquake simulations at the ca discovery center)  My favorite part was the staircase.
Oh how I wish I could take wedding photos on there!
The husband merely glanced and said "the cruise lines today have even bigger, grander staircases" and didn't really care much for it but I thought it was gorgeous!
I've never been on a cruise so I don't have anything to compare it to but just the shear architecture and detail made me giddy.
The best part I think was the huge piece of the Titanic that they were able to recover.
It really puts things into perspective as to how this "small" piece of the Titanic tells so much about the agonizing pain and passion but into building it, it's tragedy, and it's recovery.
Highly recommend for people on the fence about going to the Exhibit.
I think I'll go find that Titanic movie now... or wait for it to finally come out on Blu-Ray or HD... which won't be for a while...
Sigh.

to the ppl who say its a buzkill..they need to get a effin brain check....who cares of waiting in line or the front desk or even the price of the ticket!!!!
i went last year and sooooo loved it!!
it was worth waiting in line and dealing with the front desk and also the price of the ticket!!!
i even got to have my picture taken on the staircase :)

This exhibit was amazing!
I didn't want to see it at first in fear that it would be boring and not worth the money ($35 each).
My husband convinced me to go with him after we checked out of the Luxor and were waiting around to go to the airport.
I'm so glad he did.
Everything was very interesting and we felt very involved.
Highly recommended.

Saw the one in San Diego a week prior and then this one in the Luxor.
they are 90%  the same,except the vegas one has the a large piece of the side of the ship and the mockup of the grand stair case .
A little over priced at $30 a person  and that was with a coupon!
It takes the average tourist a little over a hour to get through it.
Very informative and interesting.

worth the buck

This exhibit is a MUST SEE.
It really opens your eyes on what a tragic accident the Titanic and its passengers went through.
I love the replica of the hallways and the different classes.
It almost felt as if you were actually there.
The GRAND STAIR CASE was like a dream.
It was absolutely beautiful.
The exhibit also featured a giant chunk of ice in which you could actually touch.
Buurrr so cold.
Its amazing to read all the stories and see all the dish ware from all the classes.
Towards the end there is an actual piece of the Titanic...
The Big Piece.
You begin to realize how grand the Titanic truly was.
At the end of the exhibit you realize how many souls were lost and how the classes played a part in the deaths.
So sad.
R.i.p.

I saw this exhibit when it came to Seattle many years ago, and now that I am 11 years older, I came to appreciate it in different ways.
There are many great historical facts and information to absorb about that fateful night, and I really enjoyed the replicas of rooms, parts of the ship, etc.
You'll feel like you're on the ship during a couple points in the exhibit, if you're into that (I started ball-room dancing around the grand staircase, for instance) The smaller details, such as the perfume discovered at the bottom of the ocean which still holds its scent, or a recovered bottle of champagne with the liquid still inside.. Everything makes it really sink in how disastrous that night was to so many who had hopes and aspirations, and all the stories will give you chills and break your heart.

I loved this exhibit.
I mean loved.
I would give this thing a five star rating, except for one huge drawback.
There is no way to go to the bathroom once you are inside.
Once you are out, you're out.
So I recommend going in slightly dehydrated or you may end up pee-pee dancing through this exhibit like my husband and I did.
Whatever you do, don't have a big cup of liquor or you'll regret it.
And now that I got that piece of advice out of the way, I'll recommend this as one of the best exhibits in Vegas.
Even if you aren't a Titanic buff, you'll appreciate the entire thing.
There is lots to learn, the artifacts from the wreckage are nothing short of delightfully eery and the entire setting is a timeline - a story., if you will, filled with detailed and exact replicas.
It places you there, on the Titanic.
Don't walk, run to this exhibit........except if you have a full bladder or a tendency to frequently use a toilet.

The exhibit was very nice and informative about the Titanic tragedy.
My wife and I enjoyed the tour, the artifacts, the Grand Staircase, etc.
We also thought the ice burg example to demonstrate the temperature of the water was very cool and eerie at the same time.
Would recommend as a must see when visiting Vegas.

I'd seen this exhibition once before, several years ago before it came to the Luxor.
They've definitely got it fine-tuned and made it more of an experience than a museum display since the first time I saw it.
It's mostly an exhibit of bits and pieces of the wreckage that was picked up off the seafloor, impressively cleaned up and displayed, along with stories of passengers (mostly about how they weren't going on the Titanic, but then they did!!
oh my, how dramatic!
)  However, I'm not really sure how I feel about this.
A large part of me feels that their displays should all have been left in peace where they were found.
It feels even worse that it's now just a Las Vegas tourist attraction, instead of in a legit museum.
Yet, at the same time, they do a fair job to make it educational and well-presented.
More on the logistics-side of things, we did save a little bit of money by picking up passes from Tix4Tonight (still have to go to will-call, though).
The personal-audio-guide costs extra.
No photos are allowed.

This exhibit is truly awesome, if you have any interest whatsoever with this ship you'll find this great!
The story is always heartbreaking and it's not hard to get emotional when you see the huge piece of the ship they have preserved and on display, it's impacting to say the least.
The exhibition is very well laid out, getting to touch what an iceberg feels like also is pretty darn cool!

I have to say that is is one of a handful of exhibits in Las Vegas that I really feel like I get my monies worth out of.
There's a lot of information and a ton of artifacts and I'm glad to see that they've added things since it's move from the Tropicana to the Luxor.
I've been to see this exhibit a number of times and find something new every time, so I have no problem shelling out the $30ish to see it.
By the way, get the M Life card and you save $5 per ticket.

Our friend that was in the military got us discounted tickets... well, the ticket was to see BODIES at full price, and titanic for free....
It was definitely worth the time that we were there, but I don't know if I would've paid full price for this exhibit.
First of all... it is EXTREMELY COLD.
I think maybe they were trying to recreate the actual titanic scene, but dayum!
I needed a sweater up in there!
Couple of cool things: you got to see different people's stories and how the ended up on the ship.
Some people just happened to get transferred on the ship from other ships during a coal mine.
Also, there was a non-white person on the ship from Haiti... rich guy living in France and returning to Haiti with his French wife.
Also there is an enormous block of ice (maybe that's why it was so cold?
) that you could touch.
All around interesting, but I wouldn't pay full price for it.

This was definitely one of the best Las Vegas exhibits.
When you first walk in you are given a "Boarding Pass" of an actual passenger on the Titanic.
It provides you with their name, age, class, and some background information.
You tour through the entire ship replica.
Actual recovered artifacts are mixed in with representation of the ship.
The tour begins in the cargo hold and continues through the highlights of third, second, and first class.
There is also a deck that actually looks and feels as if you are out on a promenade deck at night.
It is even kept cold like being on a ship at night in Ocean--a welcome change from the Vegas heat.
There is then a more historic area with a large piece of the excavated ship and a chunk of an iceberg!
The stories that were posted throughout the exhibit were the coolest part.
I was able to learn about the Titanic through these stories!!!
This is a Las Vegas MUST SEE.
especially if you like history or need a change of pace from the madness of the strip.
The 35$ charge was well worth it (I figures its the price of a few cocktail drinks at a regular vegas bar) and you can spend as long as you want wandering through the ship.

This is an amazing exhibit.
Unlike the touring exhibit which is limited in their artifacts, this exhibit is packed full of information and pieces from the boat and from passengers.
When you enter, you're given a boarding pass with the name of a passenger.
As you maneuver your way thru, you experience articles and press releases, photo and crew information, which line the first few exhibits.
As you make your way thru the boat you see a replica of each of the cabin classes, the outside promenade and a replica of the grand staircase, which is quite a sight to behold.
Just when you think you've seen it all, you walk into a huge room, with a massive slice of the hull of the Titanic; It's truly awe inspiring.
I was very moved looking at this mass and thinking of all the lost souls who may have passed by this once innocuous pice of steel, rivets and portals.
As you enter into the last exhibit, you find the contents of suitcases.
I wont explain how this was done, you have to go and see for yourself, but its quite moving and disturbing.
Simple things like teapots, letters, a pair of pants, shoes; all the trappings of a regular life, take on an erie otherworldly existence here.
As you leave the exhibit, you can find out if "you" (the person on the ticket) lived or died.
Be respectful when you go here and remember the ones we lost.

Definitely a must-see if you're in town - this exhibit is soooooo interesting!
As soon as you walk in, they give you a card with a real passenger's name and information (where they were traveling from/to and why, who they were traveling with, etc.
) and you get to see what it was like for that person (and others) by seeing their cabins, the actual dishes and artifacts that were taken off the ship, then you could find out if your person died or lived at the sinking.
They also have a LARGE piece of the actual ship - it makes you fully realize how big this ship actually was.
INCREDIBLE!

I enjoyed this but let's be honest, it's not making any point other than money for the people involved.

I've been to the Titanic exhibition twice now and I can definitely say you'll leave impressed.
Luxor's official website lists General Admission at $32, but if you go to any Tix4Tonight box office on the strip, you can get day of tickets for $20.
Once you get to the exhibit, you're given your official boarding pass, with a real passenger name from the Titanic.
A staff member proceeds to take a few snap shots and you're voyage begins.
The exhibit is great in that it moves at whatever pace you want.
You can spend hours reading and viewing all the artifacts or rush through it in 20 minutes.
The artifacts are mesmerizing and I'd like to say is one of a kind.
The people behind the exhibit spent plenty of time making sure the attraction is top-notch and thoroughly enjoyable.
I can't recall everything on the tour, but I did specifically enjoy seeing the vast differences in accommodations for first class, second class, and third class passengers.
The grand staircase with the grandfather clock is every girl's dream and another opportunity for picture taking.
Other sections of the exhibit that were impressive included the ice cold iceberg, the recreation of the first class deck, and a piece of the actual ship, which is near the end of the exhibit.
I would say the exhibit is as close to perfect as can be.
However, I do wish they incorporated some video into the tour.
There's been plenty of prime-time specials on the sinking of the Titanic, along with its mass Hollywood appeal.
A screening room with some video could have really made it perfect for me.
Nevertheless, Titanic - The Artifact Exhibition is one of the best (and most affordable) attractions in Las Vegas.
Lastly, before you make your way out, check your boarding pass and see if you're a survivor or one of the many that was lost on that dark, cold night in the Atlantic.
Pros:  + Affordable + All ages + Impressive artifact collection and presentation + Tour at your own pace + Gift shop  Cons:  - No video incorporated into exhibit

This exhibiton was very fasinating and it looked so real.
They made the grand stair case, logding areas that looked real.
I enjoyed all the artifacts that they had and the ice glazier that they made that was the actual tempurature of the sea when the titanic was sinking.
We all know how these kind of places try to get you with the photos and paying around $15 or so.
But the grandstair case photo that they take of you and you can decide to purchase was actually worth it in my opinon out of all other exhibits it looks so real and also usually exhibits are short etc on the strip but this one was pretty long and worth it.

This review is based on the fact I can't bring my camera in here.
I was very disappointed in that.
I just wanted to take some great shots.
Bummer.

Such a wonderful exhibit!
I came here with high hopes and they were far exceeded.
The entire exhibit is so well put together.
Touching a "real" iceberg to feel how cold it is.
They have the perfect mix of Science and History in here, the way the museum leads you from one point to the next is so surreal.
You have an entirely new understanding when you leave.
The ending board where you see if you lived or died is especially interesting!

My husband is obsessed with the Titanic so we went to this.
I wasn't too hot on it beforehand but went with him because he wanted to go.
I have to say that the quality of the exhibit is on par with any top notch museum exhibit you would see.
Good selection of artifacts and things to look at.
Top quality in how they present things.
I would highly recommend it.
Two tips that I didn't see on the reviews I read.
First, even if it's hot outside, bring a sweater or a jacket.
It gets VERY cold in some parts of the exhibit!
VERY cold!
Secondly, they don't have a bathroom inside the exhibit, only just outside the entrance.
So, you'll want to plan accordingly.

A must see.
If you're in Vegas be sure to check it out.

I love this exhibit!
Its a must see.
I've gone twice, the first time I really got to enjoy it because it wasn't very busy at all.
I took my time and probably spent well over an hour inside.
It was on my second visit that it turned out to be a mad house, but I fortunately had already read the facts and backstories plastered all over, so I just enjoyed looking at all the artifacts again.
I was really amazed by how they recreated the ship's deck, making it feel like you're looking out onto the ocean at night and the lower & upper class cabins.
A look into those alone was worth the visit to this exhibit.

Ok let me just say that I have been intrigued and rather obsessed with Titanic since I was about 8 years old.
That being said I LOVED this exhibit.
You can roam about at your leisure and take as much or as little time as you would like reading about and viewing all the artifacts on display.
Everything that is under glass are actual items brought up from the wreck site.
The two highlights for me were...
The Grand Staircase... As you walk into the room your are immediately pulled into what it must have felt to walk the actual staircase on board, pure opulence!
I loved that we got to take our photo on it, made my day!
The second was the "big piece" of the ship!
I can not tell you how hard it was for me to NOT touch it.
I had to use every ounce of self restraint to not step beyond the barrier and just put my hand upon her.
The draw to do so was so overwhelming.
I think I stood in that room longer than any other part of the exhibit and just really took it all in.
I will admit that it made me tear up.
For me this one piece over any of the others made it all so real.
I don't say this to take away from the personal artifacts on display they are all very touching.
It is just that this large piece was part of her body that held it all together.
Its amazing that they were able to bring it to the surface after so many years on the sea floor!
Whether you have a fondness for Titanic and her story or you dont know much about her you will enjoy everything that this exhibit has to offer, including being able to touch a real ice berg!

The bf and I were able to go through the Titanic exhibit just a few hours before our flight left, and we both agreed that it was one of the best parts of our Vegas trip!
The Tix4Tonight deal is the real thing - I think they were $16/ea with a $3/ticket fee.
All in all, we paid much less than full price.
The exhibit itself was breathtaking!
They designed it in a manner when you walk through the 3rd class, then 2nd class, then 1st class, and even out on the promenade deck!
The character of each room was amplified by the artifacts pulled up from the Atlantic - some intriguing, some haunting.
Some are in great condition and really let you see what they were in their glory.
Others have decayed after years on the sea floor, but really add an additional dimension to the exhibit.
Oh, did I mention THE GRAND STAIRCASE?!?!?!
Heck yes it's here!!
They'll take your picture on it, but we passed, taking in the glamor and stateliness of the staircase.
Play some slots, win enough for admission to this exhibit, and experience it take your breath away!

I think I actually felt the story and history of Titanic, the "ship of dreams" with all my heart during my visit.
I wanted to visit this exhibition so bad because it was our one year anniversary and 100th anniversary of Titanic, it was just such a touching and romantic thing to do!
The tickets are $32 each for adult, they have photographers take photos for visitors with 3 backgrounds.
The scene in the very front of the ship from the movie, the portrait of the big piece of Titanic, and the re-creation of the Grand Staircase.
You can decide if you want those photos after your visit.
They don't allow cameras inside, all the phones have to be turned off as soon as you enter the exhibition.
The 25,000-square-feet exhibit was fantastic!
I loved it how they re-created the first and third class rooms.
We could actually walk through it, even the furnishings were by original manufacturers.
Lots of recovered artifacts from Titanic, lots of detailed descriptions about the ship and passengers, even the stories about survivors and victims.
I was surprised first class suite cost that much money per person for this voyage, more than $50,000 a suite in today's money value!
In the movie Kate's fiancée must be so wealthy to book 3 suites!
And how luxury the first class areas were, only they had running water, and everything was as luxury as Ritz.
Wow.. Amazing!
I almost lost words at The Grand Staircase ...
It was just like in the movie!
My favorite set!
We got to walk up and take a photo, my dream came true!
The actual big piece of Titanic was so surreal to me, I couldn't believe it was an actual piece from the ship!
And the rest of the ship in the bottom of North Atlantic Ocean is going to disappear in a decade or two from decaying.
It was very educational that they showed us when Titanic hit the iceberg, why, and how she had no chance but to sink....and why many passengers died from the cold so fast in North Atlantic Ocean, the water was even colder than the iceberg they put there for visitors to touch and feel, it was freezing!
Most passengers suffered psychological and physical panics in the water, their body temperatures dropped very fast, so that they died even faster in the water..... so sad.....And they re-created the moonless night on the deck when Titanic hit the iceberg.
I swear I could feel something around me, I hope they were not spirits or something...
This exhibit was just too touching, too real, I had tears in my eyes, I couldn't imagine how people went through all that, such a great tragedy...
I even told hubby that I would never get on a life boat without him, just like Kate & Jack in the movie!
Well, I am just a hopeless romantic!
They had a visitors book for us to write our thoughts about our visit.
A gift shop to get something to take home of this amazing Titanic artifact exhibition.
Absolutely loved this exhibit, can't even describe how much I enjoyed it, it was really a romantic thing to do for couples, I highly recommend it!

REALLY interesting!
I've been wanting to see this for a while and I'm so glad I finally got the chance.
I read the reviews prior and made sure that I 1) used the bathroom before hand 2) wore a light sweater as it is chilly in there.
We took our time walking through and reading everything, taking in all the information and looking at every artifact shown.
It was just SO neat and interesting to see, you definitely felt like you were a passenger on the Titanic.
It was cool, fun, and heartbreaking at the same time.
I loved the recreation of the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd class cabins.
My favourite part was the big ice chunk and the promenade deck...so cool.
The big piece is amazing.
I took one star off because it was expensive, even with a $5 off coupon we had.
Otherwise it was awesome, one of the highlights of our trip.
I highly recommend!

This exhibit at the Luxor is pretty good, but I don't think it's worth the $32/person price they're charging.
I didn't pay this amount, I got my tickets through Tix4Tonight and a good discount and it's a good thing I did!
I've never been to a Titanic exhibit before, but it's a fun and interesting way to spend a little time while you're in Vegas.
I especially liked the real large piece of ice that you can touch, an excavated part of the ship, and giant sunken replica.
Those things really help you understand the magnification of this tragedy.
There are a lot of various items left from the sunken ship that are on display.
There's a gift shop where you can even buy dishware like the ones from the ship.

Just finished seeing the exposition and I wanna see the movie titanic again.
Its a great exposition and the story is well told as you walk through the different exhibitions.
From the first class accommodations, the night of the crash to.an original part of the recovered titanic.
A most see!

This was a very educational and historic exhibit, and I still enjoyed it!
It was very cool to see all the pieces from the ship especially the huge chunk  that they display at the end of the tour.
The tix are pretty pricey but you can get great deals with the discount tix outlets and with the many coupon books out there.
Worth a look if your around the Luxor and need to kill an hour.

A touring version of this exhibit recently came to my city, but I am glad that I waited to see it in Vegas.
However, it is the exhibit alone receiving my three stars.
With a $5 coupon, it still cost a rather steep $30 per person.
Speaking of the coupon, the desk demanded to know where I had received it, (it was obvious I had ripped it from one of the many tourists magazines you come across in Vegas).
Thrown by the question, I began thinking aloud, "hmm...
The one from the airport..." which was promptly mocked by two people who I was officially paying $15/hr to mock me.
I was not impressed.
The entrance between Titanic and The Bodies is not clearly marked, so when I walked right past the photo green screen area towards the entrance, I was rudely called back over with eye rolls.
Obviously I wasn't the first one to do it.
And pardon me to not be expecting a photo cash grab at a museum commemorating the loss of 1,500 people.
(We checked the photos at the end out of curiosity.
Worst photoshop work we'd seen on the entire trip.
In one I'm quite sure you were underwater, and another had a ghost behind you.
It was all just in poor taste.
)  The exhibit itself was quite beautiful and set to make you feel as though you were actually aboard the ship.
As you learned about steerage, you heard dripping water and ship sounds; gaining light and grandure with ship class.
You are even led to feel dread as you come nearer and nearer the impending tragedy.
While I am conflicted about the raising of the artifacts themselves, (it was my colleague's choice to visit,) I was thoroughly impressed by the way it was all put together.

Overall, this exhibit is worth a visit, even for someone who thinks they have no interest in the ship.
They have rooms full of artifacts found in the debris field (including things like dishes, jewelry, and handbags).
The highlights were definitely the large section of the actual ship they have hanging up and the replica of the grand stair case.
There are detailed descriptions and signage for every item.
Minus one star for the steep price tag and some of the museum being a little repetitive.
After about 7 exhibits of plates, it gets a little old.
Also, I happen to think the gift shop is tacky at the end.

It may be a bit pricy - but it is worth in terms of culture and to learn about the history of Titanic.
Yes Wikipedia is available, but this place sets the mood.
A couple of notes before getting started on the exhibition.
There's no photography allowed.
Boo... :-/ 2.
Bring a sweater - part of the exhibit is cold on purpose.
Note the Boarding Pass - it will contain a name of a passenger on the ship, and you can see if you've survived.
Entering the first part of the exhibit, with Countess Cathleen playing overhead, sets the mood.
I felt as if was at the ship launching ceremony - it really sets you back as I'm looking at the artifacts and what people back then were looking towards: a new life in America.
Proceeding to the third class deck - seeing all of the engineering structure and the engine noise from the ships engines, really makes me understand what a 3rd class passenger had to endure.
Looking at the sparse accommodations, when compared to first class - and noting the price differences, I could experience the differences.
First-class passengers were treated like royalty.
Fine wooden furniture, functioning plumbing.
Even the bathroom pieces were different between the various passenger classes.
Third Class Passengers had folding bunk beds, which reminds me of a dorm.
Water that had to be manually acquired from elsewhere, and everyone is crammed into a small room.
Along with dealing with the engine noise, being a Third Class Passenger, really shows the class differences between the three classes.
The Promenade Deck is a nice illusion to simulate that night, its cold sea breeze, clear skies, hardly any moonlight.
There is a replica of "The Grand Stair Case" in the exhibit - which to be honest; I'm not sure why people are fascinated by a set of stairs.
While I admit that they are craftily created and ornate, in the end, it's just a set of stairs.
Perhaps the replicated version doesn't do it justice in my view, as the real version would have been better?
Personally, I would be more engage in studying Titanic's Steam Engines.
Near the end of the artifact exhibit, discusses the iceberg and sinking of the ship.
The facility did generate something the size of 50x20' iceberg to show the effect of what people were enduring when they were attempting to survive in the ocean.
The last part of the exhibit discusses the survivors, and the rescue efforts, in which I found my Boarding Pass and looked up my name on the list of survivors.
All-in-all, I found it to be a nice way of experiencing Titanic on those few days, which I think it's better than reading a few books on the subject.
Here, the mood is set, the stage is lit, and all that is needed is an audience.
A couple of post notes 1.
I went here during the late evening, which I would recommend doing.
It helps minimize the crowd, so there's time to read everything and take it all in without being bothered by other people 2.
It took me about 90 minutes to finish the entire exhibit.
They really mean no photography, the entire exhibit is under surveillance 4.
The gift shop at the end of the exhibit is odd?
It seems disrespectful to promote consumerism in a place of history.

We got the locals discount, which was $40 (I think??
) and included admission to this exhibit and the Bodies exhibit.
This exhibit is AMAZING!
The first book I ever read was a Titanic book and I've been hooked ever since.
When you enter, you're given a name & some info of someone who was on the Titanic and you get to find out toward the end if your person survived or not.
Mine didn't; Ida Straus stayed with her husband, Isidor, and they died on the Titanic together.
They re-created a hallway and it honestly took my breath away.
You feel like you're there.
It's so awesome.
There's also a re-creation of the grand staircase which is really cool to see.
Going out into the area where they made it look like the deck of the ship was really cool, as well.
There is so much to see and marvel at.
One of my favorite artifacts is a big piece of the ship that they have on display.
So crazy to see it up close like that.
As someone who has always been very interested in the Titanic, seeing that was.. well, I was speechless.
Still am, I guess.
I loved every single second of this exhibit.
I will definitely go back.
It's something I'll see over and over again and never get tired of.

Great exhibit, worth the money (with coupon or tix4tonight).
The "big" piece is amazing.
Minus the.fact that you aren't allowed to take pictures, it's a great reason to head down to the luxor for an afternoon.

The Titanic exhibit is absolutely worth doing if you have never seen it before.
First, you are given an ID of a specific person that you can track throughout the exhibit.
You can see their profession, ticket class, and, of course, if they live or die at the end.
It makes the experience a little more personal and fun.
As you walk throughout the museum, you get the history of the titanic and different artifacts that have been recovered over the years.
The coolest aspect of the museum (well, at least in my opinion) was getting to touch the piece of ice that reflects the temperature of the water when the ship sank.
Crazy.
I'd definitely recommend the Titanic exhibit if you're interested in that sort of thing or don't know much about the history.
If you are a Titanic buff, however, this may not be the best use of your money while in Vegas.
It is moderately pricey.

This exhibition is everything I hoped for, and more.
My boyfriend, his sister and I had to see it before we left Vegas this weekend.
We walked into the exhibit yesterday with no expectations.
We really had no idea what we were in for!!
As you start the tour, it gets into depth on how it was built, who built it and who designed it.
Then you walk through a hallway that looks exactly like the hallways in 3rd class looked.
Before you know it, you are standing in front of a 3rd class room.
It is amazing how detailed everything was!!!
Another great highlight was walking down another room of the exhibit, looking right and seeing the Grand Staircase.
Perfect replica of how it looked on the ship.
Unreal!!!
I got goosebumps....  All of the artifacts, the iceberg, the deck replica..... Was all amazing.
It really puts you on the boat and what they went through.
We were unaware that this museum had the Big piece on display.
Seeing a piece of the actual boat was the highlight of the visit.
Such a powerful feeling, so eerie too.
This is a must see.
Even if you aren't as crazy about the history of the Titanic as we are, it is worth spending an hour or two walking through this exhibit and learning a little bit of history.
At the beginning of the exhibit, they provide you with the boarding pass of a passenger of the ship.
It tells you their class, and a little bit of their story.
At the end of the exhibit there is a list of all the passengers of who lived and died.
You can search your passenger and discover their fate.
Mine happened to be the last survivor.
She was only 7 days old when she boarded the ship.
Creepy point to bring up, we happened to go to the exhibit on its 101st anniversary and didn't even know it.
Even creepier, we were standing in the iceberg room of the exhibition at the exact same moment the Titanic hit the iceberg 101 years ago.
All of this by coincidence.

I asked if they could take the picture of me & hunny "flying" at the front of the ship like how Rose & Jack did in the movie.
They said "sure!
"  :D  They had a replica of it for picture purposes.
:)  We totally loved this exhibit!!
It was so interesting how the designers wanted their "ship of dreams" to be built.
It was to be "the best" ship of its time.
We walked through all the classes of cabins and parts of the ship, and of course, the grand staircase.
It actually descended down 5 floors on the Titanic.
We also got to see a part of the ship wreckage they brought up, it was huge!!
They created a huge ice machine that was supposed to imitate how the water that fateful night would be, too cold!
Cruising back then was expensive too!
It was really interesting and we learned a lot.
Definately recommended!

Went to this exhibit as I'm a real Titanic fan.
It did not disappoint, even my boyfriend who wasn't as enthused as I was really enjoyed it.
They have so many cool artifacts and displays that will impress almost anybody.
You get a card at the beginning of someone who was on the Titanic, what class they were in, their age etc and then at the end you find out if you lived or died (mine lived!).
The real show stopper is the "big piece" - an actual piece of the titanic right in front of your eyes, I really enjoyed all ofit however.
They show you the gems and jewelry of the people on board, the people who helped build it, re-creations of the cabins in all the classes, artifacts from almost everywhere.
They have an iceberg that allows you to feel how cold the water was the night Titanic sank.
When it comes down to it I would highly recommend this exhibit to anyone, Titanic fan or not it's a piece of history no one should miss.

I had zero expectations for the Titanic Exhibit in the Luxor.
I only wanted to go because I was in the midst of watching the most recent Titanic mini-series--season 1 covers everything before the Titanic--so as the ship was actually getting built.
And it tied back to a lot of things I saw in the exhibit.
It takes about 30-40 minutes to get through the exhibit.
Along the way, you get to see artifacts that they recovered from the titanic--it's remarkable how well preserved some of these were.
And you get to learn about some of the passengers on the ship.
My favorite parts were the: -recreation the 3rd class cabins and first class cabins-so you get a true sense of the disparity in accommodations.
-recreation of the promenade/deck of the ship with the starry night sky above  -grand staircase (yes you get to take a cheesy souvenir photo--but the quality of the photograph was so good I coughed up the $20 to get the picture) -artificial version of an iceberg--and you can actually touch it to feel how cold it was  -"the big piece"--a huge chunk of the ship's side actually hung up in the middle of the exhibit--a whole room is dedicated to how that piece was brought up and preserved  -chart in the final room with all the names of the passengers and crew split by class, how may survived and how many died--another thing that showed the class disparity   It might have been my imagination but the exhibit got cooler (temperature-wise) as you get to parts about the ship sinking.
All in all, a very moving exhibit.
The historical facts were interesting but it was the emotional factor that I appreciated the most.

Amazing exhibit!
I'm so glad I went to see it.
I love how they actually had a model of the grand stairwell there and you could get your photo taken in front of it.
The photo wasn't even over priced like most places like this you assume would be.
Plus seeing all the artifacts they recovered from the ship makes you feel even more attached to the tragedy.
Next time I return to Las Vegas I will go back for a second time.

Was cool to see, they've done a nice job.
Definitely one of the more expensive museums in the world @ $35 per person ($30 with $5 off coupon from monorail coupon book).
Even museum of Natural History in NYC that has dinosaurs is only $19.
Buy tickets online, there was a long line of people, only 1 person working & no ticket kiosk.
Would recommend to go see.

Unlike many travelling museums, the titanic artifact exhibition at the Luxor is a permanent one.
I had wanted to fit  a visit to this place every since we got to Las Vegas.
And we weren't disappointed.
Some historical  galleries stick in your mind for time to come...they evoke the depths of our empathy by showcasing life as we know and live it every day.
I have in the past  visited  some famous galleries highlighting turning points in history- the concentration camp at Auschwitz , the Tower of London, etc.
And though  this Titanic exhibit is minuscule in comparison to the above, it does immense justice in showcasing a bit of what life was like on board the Titanic and beyond.
One can be prepared to spend an hour to a couple of hours here just gazing at the amazing artifacts (several of them unearthed undamaged from the depths of the Atlantic).
With a coupon we got $5 off our admission (up to a max of 4 adults per coupon).
Credit cards are accepted for payment and for $8 more you can get an audio tour included.
What amused  me quite a bit was that before entering the exhibit, you are handed a boarding pass with the name of an actual  passenger and the class in which they traveled.
Just before you exit the exhibit, you  look the  name up on a wall that lists passengers by name and class.
You can then tell if you survived or perished in the tragedy.
Just FYI, I was a second class passenger who survived...
Some of the highlights of the exhibit personally for me were: - The block of iceberg in the temperature controlled zone that gives you an idea of what the temperature in the Atlantic was that night - The china, the dishes, the cutlery- a lot of them with the White Star Line logo and recovered intact from the ocean.
There is even an archway recovered from one of the restaurants.
- Tons and tons of personal artificats including documents and itinieries recovered from baggage of passengers - Portion of the actual hull recovered from the ship with cabin windows - Re-creation of portion of the deck with stars in the ceiling to give you an idea of how the night looked before the iceberg strike - The Grand Staircase (yes, just like in the movie).
Re-created beautifully and providing a wonderful photo opp... - And there is just so much more...accompanied with personal stories of hope and tragedy..  Definitely worth a visit if one is in Las Vegas.

My 12yr and 14yr olds came out of this exhibit raving about all they learned.
My husband and I sent them in so we could have a coffee break and I'm SO glad we did!
They loved it!
I'm doing it with them next time.

I got a deal on 3 exhibits for 57 dollars.
Titanic, was one of them.
Im a history buff and got sucked into reading everything in their and looking at every piece of artifact.
The longer the tour took, the more emotional it got, especially when reading about some of the passengers.
The pieces are very well preserved, yet you can help think about the people who owned them and how they perished.
Very tragic.
The most impressive piece for me was the huge 28 ft side of the hull that hangs in there.
You can see the craftsmanship, yet see where it tore off from the ship.
Saddest was seeing all the names of the survivors and the victims of the tragedy.
Very surreal.
I recommend everyone to see it at least once.

It was an interesting exhibit in the Luxor hotel and casino.
And thankfully we got the 3 exhibits for 57 dollars, or this would be a lot lower.
They have a fairly good amount of artifacts from the ship.
The most interesting of which is the large piece of the side of the ship.
The amount of work that went into pulling that piece to the surface was very interesting.
They also give you these cards with passengers names on them and you get to see if you survived the sinking of the ship at the end of the exhibit.
My character died lol, but my wifes lived.
Its nice to read about their past, and where they stayed on the ship, and the story behind why they were on the ship in the first place.
The exhibit is a little...or a lot short IMO for the price you pay.
Had we paid full price for the exhibit, I would be thoroughly pissed off.
35 a person with the 6 dollar audio box would have been out of line for this exhibit.
Even with the deal we got, we kind of felt like we got taken on this one.
So please be wary of the cost of the exhibit in relation to how much you actually get to see.
Also, the pictures they take prior to you going in are another 20 bucks after you get out.

Overall, I was in awe of the whole exhibit.
I just find it pretty crazy all the things that were recovered from the Titanic.
I definitely recommend checking this place out but I don't think children will be as amused looking at ceramic plates and rusted shaving kits.
There was some pretty cool parts I really enjoyed but I don't want to give away the whole exhibit.
One thing I will say was neat is that you get a "boarding pass" with the info of an actual passenger of the Titanic and at the end you find out if you survived...I died :(  Downside: you can't take pictures.
If you do a quick survey at the end you get a promo code for 10% off at the gift shop.
I did it and got a coffee mug and shot glass.
I LOVE SOUVENIRS!
Lastly, there's a 3 for $57 promotion.
You choose 3 different exhibits, museums, etc and only pay $57 to get in and no you don't have go to all 3 places in one day.
We chose BODIES($32), Titanic ($32), and Shark Reef Aquarium($18) for a grand total of $82 so we saved $25 each...not too shabby.

One of the best, if not THE best tourist attractions in Vegas.
I don't want to spoil the layout for anyone, so please don't read below if you want to be surprised.
I was totally in awe when we entered the room with the large chunk of the Titanic!
To be in the same room with such an amazing historical artifact left me really speechless.
I wanted so badly to touch it, but that's a big no no!
Still, I couldn't stop staring and it was pretty emotional.
I also think they did a great job with the grand staircase room, the ship's "deck" and the iceberg room.
They even have nice little gift shop.
If you're even slightly interested in Titanic, you'll enjoy it.
Very Recommended!

I guess being from Nova Scotia, my expectations were a little high.
The exhibition had some really neat features like the rebuilt grand staircase and the corridors that looked like the levels of the deck but it was hard to enjoy and really read anything since it was so crowded.
Also, I hated that you couldn't take any photos.
I would have loved to have had one of the staircase but of course, they wanted to take your photo and charge you ridiculous amounts.
I still think it had some really awesome aspects of this exhibit, including the passing board they give you with a real passengers history.
Neat for those who don't have a great knowledge of the ship.

Very tasteful exhibit that really makes you feel like you experienced the Titanic back in 1912.
I felt like the staff kept interrupting me as I was going through the exhibit, but other than that I really enjoyed it.
The artifacts and "big piece" are absolutely incredible.
I definitely recommend it.

Worth a visit.
Exhibit could have been better presented.
Whistle should be with whistle automation, and they should be displayed next to big piece.
Rope lighting could be laid on floor baseboard to illuminate the floor.
More video recovery clips should be provided.
Maybe a real lifeboat on the nite deck .
Not for kids.
Plates should be wine bottles and photo should be with plates not on another wall...really?
A bench or two would help with older tourists (like my parents).
The wall listing names is hard to read survivors, how about side by side?
The exhibit should also have a clock timeline...as you walk through, dinner bell at8:00pm,  to final exit of lifeboat...

I've experienced so many better and more engaging displays.
I felt underwhelmed by the whole and every bit of the artifacts, even the chunk of the fuselage failed to impress me the way it has others.
There's something severely lacking, in other exhibitions I've felt connected to the storyline that is portrayed and which seeks to capture your imagination and heart, but this exhibit never did that to me.
I walked casually from room to room, seeking the opportunity to be moved and never found it.
Sadly, this is not a "show" that will fit the expectations of everyone and in those ranks of the unimpressed, please count me.

First let me disclose that I am a Titanic nerd.
I have been obsessed with the sinking of this ship since I was a little girl....long before the story of Jack Dawson and Rose DeWitt-Bukater.
So I love everything about the Titanic exhibit.
I appreciate the history, thinking of the people that endured this great historic tragedy, and seeing the artifacts that live to tell a story so many years later.
With that said, I LOVED this exhibit so much and I actually went on 2 separate occasions!
I even saw this exhibit in Connecticut years ago before it ended up at the Luxor.
But this one in Vegas but was much more amped up than the one in Norwalk, CT.
I guess I should have expected that b/c Vegas does everything bigger and better.
But I was impressed.
As soon as you walk into the exhibit it feels as if you are on the boat or on the set of the movie!
You walk through the "steerage" area and get to see what a room looked like to the 3rd class passengers complete with what it sounded like down there.
Then you see what the first class rooms looked like.
There are also several artifacts that have been sitting on the ocean floor since the ships sinking.
It's amazing how some of these things were preserved so well considering they were immersed in salt water for all these years.
My favorite part of this exhibit is how they rebuilt the grand staircase.
It's truly spectacular especially if you are as much into Titanic as I am.
Not just the boat but the Leo/Kate movie too.
I warned you, I was a Titanic nerd.
I also enjoyed walking on "the deck" on what was to be the night of the sinking.
The water is calm, there's a chill in the air, and the stars fill up the night sky.
Then you go to the next room and you see an iceberg.
You can touch it too - the one in CT had some cold water and a block of ice so you could feel how cold the water was that night but in Vegas, it was much more impressive.
As you are nearing the end of the exhibit, you walk to one of the last rooms and BAM!
The biggest piece of wreckage ever recovered - which happens to actually be a very small piece of the side of the ship but its tremendous.
You can even see the thickness of the cracked porthole window.
Next to this enormous thing there is a picture of the boat showing the location of this particular piece which give you an idea of how massive in size this ship was.
AsI studied this vast piece of wreckage, I stood in awe wondering number 1: how the heck they retrieved it from the water and number 2: how they transported it from the North Atlantic to the Luxor Hotel in Las Vegas.
It's insane what they had to do to get this piece and to preserve it too.
Simply amazing.
I HIGHLY recommend this exhibit and getting the headset b/c it gives you a much better experience and history.
If you check in on Yelp, you still may be able to get a free one!
Enjoy!

Let me start by saying if you do not like to read then you will not like this tour.
There are a lot of recovered items that you need to read to understand what they are.
With that being said, this is a must for any Titanic fan.
Theyr have tons of recovered items and stories about passengers.
This is definately the most detailed tour I have ever seen.
It is very informative and they even have a piece of the actual Titanic ship.
My wife and I really enjoyed walking around this place.
At one point, you are "outside" looking at the stars as if you were on the Titanic that night.
I could have stayed in that one area for hours just looking out at the "stars".
I recommend this place for teenagers to adults.
Kids will NOT like this tour.
it is very quiet inside and again lots of reading.
You do get to take your picture on the grand staircase, so that was pretty cool.
The cost is not to bad, I believe it was $25 a person.
If you are staying at Excalibur or Luxor, you get coupons!

The exhibition was very nicely done.
I was amazed at what survived the wreckage.
I liked that you received a boarding pass with a passenger name on it and you could see if you lived or not.
We arrived at the last show and were rushed through, so I would recommend going to an early show when you can have plenty of time to enjoy the artifacts.

This exhibit was okay.
I've visited better ones and feel that others have been able to pull on the heart strings a bit more than this exhibit.
This was a tragic event where 1500 people lost their lives in a terrible way and some of what the Luxor is doing seems wrong like the cheesy photos and cheap gift store stuff.
And why can't people take photos?
It didn't make sense.
I think these items belong in a real museum where these people and they're belongings can really be honored.
I did like the remake of the staircase, the big piece, the huge chunk of ice that you can touch and how they decorated different exhibit rooms like the different classes of passengers but I think it could have been even more interactive than it was.
I did enjoy the little card with the passenger name and info they gave out.
The lady I got lived, that was nice.
I probably wouldn't go back but I'm glad we went.
I'd d say if you have the extra money to spend and need to kill an hour then it would be a good place to check out.

This was an amazing museum!
Definitely do the audio tour (free with yelp check in).
The self guided tour takes you through a series of rooms decorated like you're in the actual Titanic.
The only negative I would add was that a woman security guard/manager came up to me and my gf (as we were getting our picture taken on the Grand Staircase) who caught us off guard and interrogated us and the photographer, requesting that we showed her proof of tickets to the exhibit (as if we snuck in).
I'm sorry, but you have pretty advanced security throughout the whole exhibit, couldn't you have determined if someone had snuck in without going up to an innocent paid patron and asking them??
Very annoying and rude woman.
Other than this small drawback, the museum itself was very cool.
Worth seeing!

I loved it, its amazing.
I hope they come to San Diego.

After watching the movie, "Titanic" - 1997, I figured the, "Artifact Exhibition" would take me deeper into the history of the Titanic then just watching the sappy love story on the silver screen.
I was able to get a good deal through Tix4Less and purchased just a basic Titanic ticket, I didn't care for the audio remote.
The Titanic Exhibition is located on the second floor above the casino in the atrium level.
I just picked up my tickets in, "Will Call" and off to my journey through the history of the ship they called, "Unsinkable" - Titanic.
Before you enter, you are given a boarding pass of a real Titanic guest who has perished in the sinking and from then on, you from walk through separate sections of the tour starting with the construction of the Titanic to the kinds of materials used and man power to build this historic ship.
I'm not going to give a detailed interview to spoil your experience.
So, basically you'll view actual artifacts from the Titanic with some commentary under each item, a replica of the grand staircase, a huge block of ice, and the actual haul of the Titanic!
In the end, it made me teary eyed about the lives lost at sea and the stories of dreams about the living a better life in the States.
There's a gift shop where you can buy something as a momento and something cool they sell is, "actual coal," from the Titanic.
If your looking for something inexpensive and non-Cirque, then the Titanic Exhibition is for you.

This by far exceeded my expectations.
After getting the '3 attractions for $58' in Vegas, and seeing Bodies and the dolphin exhibit, I was prepared for an average experience with Titanic.
I was quickly proven wrong.
This exhibit was a beautiful mix of artifacts and interactive scenery.
I love how you walk through the rooms and they were actual recreations of the ship.
No detail was spared.
It was an amazing experience that I would highly suggest for people of all ages.

You won't be disappointed by this exhibit if you're into history; it's luckily not geared towards fans of the movie which I was pleasantly surprised by.
I expected there to be a lot of stories of real passengers, which there were, but with information like "this passenger was portrayed by so-and-so in James Cameron's Titanic," but there was no reference to the movie whatsoever.
Fans of the movie will still enjoy this exhibit a lot, but it's not the point of the exhibit.
All the things the other reviews laud about this exhibit exceeded my expectations in how they affected me, so I won't go on about those things.
You should experience them for yourself.
One unexpected thing I really enjoyed about the exhibit was that it covered background on the time period and how society's insatiable appetite for advanced technology in the industrial age fueled the risks taken in building the Titanic that ultimately contributed to its demise.
The exhibit covers the whole story, from the building of the Titanic and how it was funded to the coal strike that caused many passengers to transfer onto Titanic at the last minute, from the environmental conditions that led to a larger loss of life to the laws and regulations created after its sinking to prevent disasters in the future, from how the excavations underwater were performed to how they preserved artifacts after retrieving them.
This exhibit covered it all and really made me feel like I was on board.
It was totally creepy but in a cool way.
The only negative was there were a few video screens playing a Discovery Channel CGI rendering of the sinking and the TV screens kept flickering and the videos were really pixelated.
This exhibit is too good to not invest in quality TV screens and video footage.
There was also video footage of the construction process that was shown on a big screen and caused the picture to be almost impossible to make out because it was old footage and should be shown at a smaller resolution.
Other than that, totally worth it.
Buy tickets at the Tix4Tonight booth for half-price.
You can buy the voucher ahead of time but wasn't really necessary.
We went around lunchtime on a weekend and it was not busy at all.
Once you turn in your voucher at the Luxor, you can use the tickets on any day for 6 days after you receive them.
The gift store has pieces of coal from the Titanic you can purchase for $25, $30, or $40 depending on how fancy a box you want, and also had replica dinnerware.
The dinnerware is cool to look at since the artifacts you see in the museum have been stripped of their decorations by the salt water, but personally I think it's a little creepy to own/use dinnerware replicated from what 1,253 people ate off of before they  perished, but to each his own.

Hidden in the Luxor.
You can see this spectacular exhibit of articles, artifacts, potteries and stuff from the Titanjc... Omg, they set the mood just right, and the Bodies exhibit back to back.
The hull of the ship is a MUST SEE.
Such great stuff.
They have coals from the ship that they made into jewelry and keychains in the gift shop.
Ahh!!
So cool.
What the hell is with all these fucking hotel employees asking if you're married or living together?
For Discounts?
Fuck the fuck off.

Best attraction there is in Vegas for those who like to learn while the adventure starts as soon as entrance is granted.
Enjoy as well as I did!

It's OK if you want to see something different in Vegas for a change.
Nice to see some old artifacts and how sinks and faucets and shaving tools looked 100 years ago.
Very much like the stuff you can buy at the mall today!
Interesting that not much has changed in 100 years, all I could think about was dang, there should be laser shaving tools by now or something!
Not to belittle people who died when the Titanic sinked but there are as many kids dying every day in Africa or something today that no one makes an exhibit about.
And we could DO something about that.

I wouldn't have gone to the Titanic exhibit if my boyfriend didn't insist and I'm glad he did!
I was pleasantly surprised at just how interesting this exhibit was.
You are immersed in the Titanic itself with reproductions of first class and third class cabins, the first class promenade, and the first class staircase.
They have tons of artifacts with stories about the person or family that once owned the items.
Including stories about  the Titanic passengers puts you in touch with the human aspect of this tragedy.
There is a large portion of the actual Titanic on display as well as a large iceberg.
This exhibit is definitely worth seeing.

WIth my body in need of a bit of recovery, and a whole afternoon to kill, my boyfriend and I ventured over to the Luxor to check out the Titanic.
PRO: Just a short walk from our hotel!
CON: Filled with people, with the same plan as us.
PRO: The exhibit offers a military discount, which we gladly took advantage of.
CON: It's not that much different than the normal price.
PRO: You're given tickets abroad the White Star Line featuring a real passenger on the Titanic's information, background and story.
At the end of the exhibit, is a memorial wall to see if you survived the journey, or not.
CON: I had a first class 25 year old with 2 child, and i died.
what.the.fuck.
PRO: The exhibit has thousands, literally, thousands of artifacts.
Everything from vintage dishes, to the largest part of the ship ever found.
CON: i really don't care to see some dude's pants that were found, which clearly belonged to someone on board.
Overall, the exhibit was awesome.
I really liked how they created the third class corridors and bunks to reflect the sounds, temps, and sizes of rooms.
so interesting!
I would easily take my friends to this in a heart beat :)

Not worth full price unless you are a staunch Titanic history enthusiast.
Get a discount at Tix4Tonight.
If you are a historical/museum enthusiast, you will thoroughly enjoy it.
Otherwise, for most of us it's "A-OK" 3 stars.
Takes maybe 45 min at the most to get through, maybe longer if you do the self-guided audio tour which costs extra.
Gift shop is a joke.
A nice diversion from the typical Vegas activities but I wouldn't make a special trip to Luxor just for this unless you are a Titanic Buff.
This is borderline 4 stars but you'll enjoy it more if you go in with 3-star expectations.

So interesting to see all the artifacts and feel like you were there.

I really enjoyed this exhibit!
Especially since we got a voucher from Tix4tonight which made it $20 to get in.
It was not crowded at all on a Saturday night around 8:30.
There is no photography allowed, but people were taking pictures anyway.
There were a good amount of artifacts which was really cool to see.
They have a big piece of the actual ship and a short movie showing how they brought it up.
They give you tickets and at the end of the exhibit you can look on the wall to see if you survived.
I was in first class and so was hubby.
I survived, hubby did not.
All in all, a good way to kill an hour or so(sorry didn't time how long we were in there), and if you get the discount ticket, a really good value and a nice break from the casino.

Great Experience all around.
Got this and the Bodies exhibit as part of a deal, and of course the free guided tour, thanks to the Yelpy check in!
(cheers Yelp, I owe you a pint) I've been to Belfast, the home of the Titanic and I must admit this is much better!
So many pieces from the ship, anything you could think of really; plates, clothes, personal bits like combs, glasses, makeup sets, huge amounts of artefacts.
The layout of the exhibit was great.
You can tell they really put effort into it.
Facts everywhere comparing the ticket prices and how much it would actually cost for different kinds of decks, room replicas, an actual deck of the ship with the air-con on full blast to simulate the conditions of when the iceberg hit, and then of course not to mention a real ice berg in the building that you can cool down beside, if you're walking around with a drink, bring a chisel!
If you're still not impressed just wait.
There's a staircase and everything, inch for inch, exact copy of the replica of the Grand Staircase from the movie (and possibly the ship too, I really should have been paying attention).
But wait there's more, and this was by far my most favourite part, they really do save the best for last (almost).
One of the last pieces was, an iron plate from the ship, they managed to pull out the side of the ship from the ocean.
A chunk of iron that's probably three times the height of my living room and just as long.
It's very carefully supported via a crane and gets moved from city to city every 7-10 years from what I remember.
It's astonishing actually, kind of like looking back in time at a real piece of history.
you can see from the other side of it how the cabins were laid out, what size the rooms in reality were.
Overall a great place to go, they do make it as interesting as possible for the customer & I enjoyed it!
Only downside is that it's not possible to take photographs.
Understandably why of course but still, would have been nice to show the folks back home.

Great experience!
This is a MUST SEE!

Really amazing artifacts and stories behind some of the pieces.
It was fun getting our boarding pass information and finding out at the end of the exhibit if we were on the list of survivors or deceased.
Very nicely curated and tasteful done.
When we went there was no line or crowd which made it fun and relaxing to read all of the posters, signs, etc.
without feeling rushed.

This place was cool.
The replica of the stair case and the bow of the ship was awesome.
The artifacts were amazing.
Very interesting to learn about history.
I though the best part is the boarding pass with a passengers name that they give you when you start the tour and you find out at the end if your passenger dies.
For $35 I have no complaints.
Would've have gave it a 5 star if it was a little longer.
I got through the exhibit in a half hour.

Today I was taken back in time to April 14, 1912 aboard the RMS Titanic.
This exhibit had artifacts that were found in and around the wreckage of the Titanic.
We saw the actual dinner plates,  pots, letters, boilers, as well as some of the personal items of the passengers.
Going from room to room there were exact replicas of the third class hallway and second class hallway.
You also will see third class and first class staterooms.
I think the most fascinating artifact was the big piece of the ship itself.
The exhibit is in the Luxor Hotel in Las Vegas, NV.
Worth the $35 per ticket?
I think maybe it's a little over priced.
That's why I'm giving it 4 stars instead of five.
Take along your AAA Card, Veterans Card, guest coupon, etc for discount pricing.

Went back to this exhibit and I am still taken aback with the history of the Titanic, the crew & its passengers.
Reading the stories of some of the passengers and crew members always amazes me.
The artifacts are so haunting to look at and the actual sea deck was spectacular.
I will never get tired of this exhibit!
Oh, by the way, remember that boarding pass card you get before you enter the exhibit?
Well, remember to look at the wall of names at the end and locate the name on the card to see if you've survived or not...

I have been to the Titanic Exhibit twice.
I thoroughly enjoyed myself both times.
The information provided is so interesting and keeps your attention.
The artifacts are amazing.
It's crazy that so many things survived the harsh ocean waters all these years but they did.
There are lots of interesting rooms, videos and things to see that enhance your experience.
Take your time and read the info on the walls because it helps with understanding how it was on the Titanic.
It is really was an awesome experience and I highly recommend it for all ages.

Titanic - The Artifact Exhibition is definitely a thought provoking experience.
Think of it as a very solemn, reverent look at Titanic and the people that died that night.
There's a lot of personal artifacts including postcards, jewelry, money, clothing and much more that had been underwater since before my grandparents were born and they were all right here in front of me.
I stood in front of one display case that had a hair brush and thought about the lady who owned it, brushing her hair that night just hours before the ship went down.
They've done a great job at bringing the Titanic experience back to us.
Some of the exhibit is ice cold like it was that night and they've also piped in the thudding hum of the engines that pushed the giant ship along.
They've recreated the grand staircase in meticulous detail, the basic but comfortable 3rd class cabins for the lower class travelers and the 1st class cabins that almost anyone today would feel totally comfortable in.
There's considerable attention to detail throughout the exhibit.
The largest piece of the ship ever retrieved from the bottom of the ocean "The Big Piece" rests here.
It's a hulking piece of iron plating and rivets about 15 feet tall and 25 feet long and weighs nearly 20 tons.
Amazingly enough there is still glass in some of the portholes.
The boarding pass that you get when you enter is a great idea as you anticipate the fate of the passenger you become.
You find out at the end of the exhibit.
Mine, by the way, was Mr. Arthur H. Gee and no he didn't survive the sinking.
Like I said, it's a somber place to visit but it is an intensely fascinating one too.
Rich in details, it's worth the admission price of $35.
It's money well spent for anyone interested in Titanic.

Very cool exhibit.
My girlfriend and I are really happy we made time to squeeze it into our Vegas trip.
Their were so many well preserved artifacts and finding out where they found them on the bottom of the ocean floor was really neat.
We also really liked the experience of the exhibit where upon entering we were given "boarding passes" with a passenger's name and a small background story on them and why they were traveling on the maiden voyage.
At the end of the exhibit their was a very moving wall with all of the names of first class, second class, third class, and staff who have survived and perished so you could find your passenger's name.
It was really interesting to see the different lifestyles and things available to the passengers depending on what class they were in.
Everything from their rooms that were recreated to their actual dishes were so different from first to third class.
The exhibit also did an unbelievable job of recreating the Grand Staircase and a piece of the iceberg.
Overall, there was so much more to see than I ever would have expected and it was very wonderfully put together.

On my first trip to Vegas my sister and I were really overwhelmed with things we wanted to do and see.
She really wanted to see the Bodies Exhibit (I did not) but I really wanted to see the Titanic Exhibit (no not because of the movie lol).
We decided to do both and my obvious favorite was the Titanic Exhibit hands down.
I am really into history and I always loved the history and stories of survival and otherwise of all the passenger's onboard.
My favorite part about this exhibit is they tell the "stories" of the passenger's from all classes onboard the ship.
Mostly of individuals that passed in the sinking and they later retrieved their belonging from the ocean floor to tell their amazing stories.
They told you where these people were born, where they grew up and what types of families and lives they had.
Why they were traveling the titanic and how they afforded it.
Another cool thing about the exhibit other than all the amazing artifacts salvaged from the ocean floor is how realistic the recreations of the grand staircases, passengers rooms and other areas of the ship they rebuilt up to scale that almost give you an eerie feeling that you are actually onboard the ship.
It also gets colder and colder as you reach the end of the exhibit where all the iceberg information is.
You get you audio head set for FREE with a Yelp check in.

They had some cool stuff here, like a large section of the hull that was recovered.
The exhibit focuses on the personal belongings and lives of the passengers.
If you liked the movie and appreciate the human element, you'll like this exhibit.
If you're a guy who couldn't wait for the film to end, then let your woman see this one alone.
On that note, there isn't much here that kids would appreciate, either.

One of the best museums I've ever been at.
I don't want to give away on how it was organized, but let's say that it was very beautifully made.
I highly recommend to really spend time reading everything; it is worth it.
I never been to a museum that was this thought-provoking as this one.
This was the best part of Vegas for me.
I would love to go back again!

Loved it!
Very informative and worth every penny.
Everyone should see this at least once in their life.
It is amazing how they replicated areas of the ship.
It was a little creepy though, there were parts where I felt dizzy and unable to breathe.
They do say the artifacts are haunted and I believe it!
People who work here have strange experiences like hearing footsteps in the third class hallway, the feeling of being watched on the deck and seeing a woman in a black dress on the staircase.
Go check it out and see if you feel or see anything!
$32 for adult admission and $29 with local id

I like the exhibition.
All the artifacts were cool especially after hearing explanation of everything thanks to the audio tours.
I gave 4 put of 5 stars just because i felt it was alittle over priced.
$32 per adult.

