Whataburger...how I love the name and I don't know why.
Open 24-7, which is usually a scarey thing, they totally hammer out a fresh, yummy, fast food experience every freakin time.
Whataburger?
I say Whatabusiness!
U guys deliver a fresh In N Out experience with the hours of a local taco stand.
Bully for u Whataburger people.
Of course the burgers are great....no need for me for a double, a plain ole single with cheese and bacon makes me mouth water.
Whata Size it and you get a super size situation.
Not my thing acutally.
When I'm cheating and doing fast food, I stick to the basic small order.
But I can't resist the side salad.
For $3.50, u get a HUGE side salad, always fresh and always eaten after the burger to help push through the grease and carbs I've just ingested into my temple.
Ok, so it's not quite a temple.
Geez, give me a break.
Rickie introduced to the Whataburger experience and I can't thank him enough.
Well, I can, and believe I do my best if u know what I mean...wink wink.
Ok, ok, enough rambling...fresh fast food u actually wait 10 minutes for is so worth it.
TIP: Enjoy Amy Winehouse, I Don't Want To Go To Rehab  while ur waiting at the drive thru.
God...ok, don't judge me...so I had a few shots of Patron and a Corona or two....Over and Out Yelpers!

Writing a review of a chain restaurant is like staring at the sun during an eclipse: it sounds like a good idea at the time, but...
This is the first Whataburger I ever went to in my life and each time I've been since it's either been a nightmare or a pleasant experience.
It makes me feel like that ping pong ball in Priscilla: Queen of the Desert.
Well, not *exactly* like that.
This one time, after Charlie's, Robert M and I stopped by here to sober up a little in the drive-though.
I ordered the chicken tenders because I wasn't eating red meat at the time.
We brought our order home, I put vodka in my soda and started eating.
You know that drunk delay you have?
Well, I ate a whole chicken tender before I realized it was raw in the middle!
Don't worry; I survived.
Then this past weekend I went for a breakfast bacon sandwich and everything was perfectly cooked.
And the service was splendid.
I'm certain if I keep coming back and they maintain this level of good food and service, I'll update with a higher rating.
But, for now, I'm still tasting that raw chicken in the back of my throat.
That, and they don't take reservations.
So, there you go, so.

I made myslef a promise not to review chains if I could help it but in this case, I can't...help it.
Whataburger is a good place to get a greasy burger..you can get jalapenos added which I love and they have a pretty decent breakfast sandwich if you're snarky in the morning and need something to remove the snark.
If that doesn't work, trying ordering a Diet Dr. Pepper (or a regular one for that matter) in the morning and please use the drive-through.
The lady on the other end of the talkin' box will put on a smile on your face simply by the way she says Dr. Pepper during the order confirmation process.
She rolls the R in Pepper so beautifully, I'm fired up right now just thinking about it.
I don't know her name and I don't want to.
She's just the Dr. Pepperrrrrr lady and she will remain so forever.
Do yourself a favor, go here in the morning and listen to the sweet music of the rolling R.

Now normally I would not give a whataburger this low of a rating.
But back in Dec on a vacation I came back from a bar late on a Sunday night went to this whataburger and they had no meat!
We went to the drive up menu where greeted.
Told them it would be a minute.
We took ten minutes and finally when we decided what we wanted we where THEN told they where out of meat.
Sigh.

This review is about the Griiled Chicken Sandwich only.
Or maybe it's the employees at 450 W. Indian School.
Because I like Whataburgers in general.
I tried the Grilled Chicken Sandwich because I didn't want a burger and probably because that great southern sounding commercial voice was touting the excellence of this product in my subconscious.
It was terrible.
I hope it's forgettable.
The bun is cloud-soft white bread.
IT came in its wrapper leaking ?
?, barbeque sauce and ??.
I don't know if that's part of the sandwich ambiance.
The chicken was worse than bad award banquet rubber chicken.
The BBQ sauce was industrial hickory.
One of those made-up flavors that I think is a BBQ flavor cliche.
It was not a pleasure.
I'm not sure if it was the chocolate shake, fries, or the sandwich itself, but the next day, it was a trip to Dr. Montzuma's for me.
Not a good dining experience.
I won't give it a 1 because they put out a good burger.
But for me, the chicken sandwich is what it is - bird DOA.

I am ashamed to be reviewing a fast-food joint but I love me some Whataburger.
Specifically the #8 with a Coke.
Two chicken fingers, small fries, Texas toast and white gravy.
It is the only thing I ever eat here with the exception of their soft-baked chocolate cookies.
Does that not sound like the dream meal to you?
Well, it is to me!
Yeah, it stinks waiting in line but I can't complain that they make your food fresh to order.
Seriously though, W, do we need that much soda with the meals????

The best thing I can say about their food is that it's a few steps below dog food although I think the dog might have already eaten it.
I have no idea how this chain is still in business.

My family was sad to see the one at metro center close down a few years ago.
We haven't gone to whataburger as often as we would have liked since then because there wasn't another one very close to us.
But recently we were excited to see that one had opened near Thunderbird and I-17.
I have gone several times late at night and my parents have gone several times during the evening.
They have had good experiences except for tonight my fathers burger was missing the cheese he had asked for.
I personally haven't had the best of luck at night either.
The tequitos seem to be smaller then other whataburgers.
And the employees I experienced haven't got my order right 3 out of 3 times.
The 1st time I didn't receive my hashbrowns I had ordered and had to go inside to get them.
The second time they didn't ask if I wanted any sauce and they made me feel rushed and flustered.
The last time I ordered 1 orange juice and 2 tequitos and a hashbrown.
The total seemed high so I asked if he got everything correct and I repeated my order.
He didn't look at what he punched in but he said that's what he charged me for and proceeded to run my debit card.
I watched as his faced turned surprised when he saw the reciept.
He opened the window and mumbled something about ringing my items up as a meal by mistake and that he was new and appologized and gave me my reciept and orange juice.
When I looked at the reciept there wasn't a meal charged.
He charged me for 2 orange juices!
When he later gave me my food, I told him that the receipt says I paid for 2 orange juices.
Without checking the reciept he stumbled around and gave me the other juice.
It seemed like he knew he charged me for 2 but tried to make me think he charged me for a meal.
which supposidly would make it more expensive.
I'm just really disapointed cuz I usually love whataburger and I'm usually satified with the service and the quality and portions of the tequitos.
But the new one on T-bird and the freeway has got me not wanting to go back there.

I really liked the staff here, but the facility is substandard (cramped, bad seating, no bathroom inside), and it seems to attract unnerving customers.

This is probably the best run Whataburger in town.
I have had the opportunity to be served by every shift here.
I'm sorry but I am having a real love affair with the old classic green chili double burger now available.
Tonya, or Sonya?
is a little tiny pistol that takes your order in the mornings.
Who needs exercise when you can watch this gal work.
If I were looking for an apprentice this gal would be at the top of my list.
Now getting back to that burger...
It tastes as close as it gets to authentic Chimayo green chile from New Mexico.
Not too hot but the roasted flavor and texture of Whataburger's green chili is simply the best in town.
Add a fried egg and maybe even some bacon and you will have a meal sized sandwich, I order the Jr.
Size.
The food is always hot and fresh here...

I agree with my fellow yelpper, This Whataburger is the best run in town.
I eat all over Phoenix Metro area, I get bad service and attitude everywhere!
It's refreshing when you get the kind of attention you should get as a customer.
The employees here are always polite.
The food is good, and one time when it wasn't good, the manager came out and personally apologized and replaced my meal and gave me coupons.
I have eaten there many times since, I will go out of my way to go to this Whataburger.

Imagine the scene: driving through the inky dark of night, nearing the end of a cross country-road trip, and sadly assuming that you've seen the last WhataBurger you'll see for years when you left Texas.
Then, miraculously, that bright Orange and White striped roof materializes through your windshield in front of you.
Your girlfriend (at the time) and you let out twin war whoops, you pull over and order a Jalapeno Burger and fries even though it's nearing midnight and you've already eaten a real dinner just a few hours before.
You even order an extra burger for your roommate waiting back home in LA, knowing he will probably not be interested in a cold burger that's been sitting in a car for four hours.
But you wrap it up and take it home with you anyway, because you're a good friend.
This WhataBurger in Arizona was the last one I'd ever visited, and I may be overly sentimental about it.
But I dream of those Orange and White Stripes, dream of returning there one day, dream of the spicy bite of the Jalapeno Burger.
I dream of the infinite.

It was 1am on my way to Tucson and it was either this or mcdonalds, i went with the hype of wanting to try this random looking place out and let's say I regret not getting the 20 pc chicken nugget @ Mcds.
This place was saltier than the pacific ocean.
Also the man charging was handling money and food at the same time.
whataburger *sad tone*

Everything you could expect out of fast food.
Within drunk walking distance from my house, so I can't really complain.
French fries and soda is really all I get here, honestly.

I have always seen these on my trips to AZ but I have never been.
Stopped by tonight after the Diamondbacks/Cardinals game.
Went through the drive through (Open 24 hours) and ordered a double Whataburger and a medium vanilla shake.
I added cheese to my burger.....kind of lame here is that they charge you 50 cents per slice....so since I got a double burger, it was 50 cents per patty= $1.00 for cheese.
Oh well.........  My total was just under $9.00.
Here is how the burger and shake were.............
Double Whataburger w/cheese-  Damn Gina!
This thing was a hefty ass burger.
You could tell by the bag the dude handed me it was large and in charge.
I parked and unwrapped this beast.
The Whataburger comes standard with mustard, lettuce, onion, pickle and tomato.
This thing was damn tasty.
They use 100% all beef fresh meat.
While I was waiting for my food in the drive through, you could hear the sizzle on the flat top grill of freshly made hamburgers.
I was impressed!
Everything worked.
It reminded me of a Wendys type burger but better.
The patties were huge, the cheese melted nice and the mustard gave it a good tang.
I wouldn't hesitate to get another one of these burgers.
I liked it better than the burger I got last night at Lucky Boy.
Vanilla Shake-  This was a tad of a disappointment.
It was kind of icy and not as smooth as I like my shakes.
It is still a shake though and no man in his right mind would ever waste a shake.
I drank that thing till the straw hit the bottom of the cup and nothing else came out.
I don't know if I would get one again from here.
The texture was messing with my enjoyment of it.
Overall I was very impressed with the quality/taste of the burger.
The burger is a mans size burger...no skimpy shit here.
Price was a little high though and the shake was just alright.
3 stars for now.

Big ass burgers.
Damn good fast food.
It's still a fast food joint so dont expect the most amazing tasting or healthy type food but its still good.
Service wasn't amazing but i have no complaints about it.
enjoy

After reading the many laughable reviews and having eaten many, many burgers in my day, this one is clearly the worst burger I have ever had...well second wost considering McDonalds but I don't think many count that as a note worthy burger anyways.
The fries where good but omg, a flat, soggy and completely tasteless burger with little of anything other than cheese and what I assume is beef.
I was starving but still threw it out after two bites.

Ahhhhhhhh!!!!
The light from the heavens above shine upon this burger joint!!!
Holy grail of burgers right here!!!!
Ok ok so obviously I'm in love with the burgers here, my god I was in Phoenix for 3 days and we ate here once daily  HAHA!!!!
We couldn't get enough.
I had the double cheeseburger with bacon and onion.
It was so tasty and juicy and the only thing that upsets me is I could only finish half of it :(   The establishment was clean the staff was friendly but the only odd thing was the way they hand out condiments, they hide them in a tray behind the counter and the tray only comes out and is offered when your food is ready and the server has to walk it to your table each order.
I don't know, is it like this at every location????
Just seems a bit much to me especially if it were to get busy in there, very time consuming :/   I really wish we had this burger joint in Cali otherwise it looks like I'll be visiting Arizona more often lol

This place is dead to me starting today.
I used to go in there almost everyday day due to the close proximity to my house but after havering my orders messed up over And over again I no longer have the patience to deal with this water burger.
Is it seriously that hard to listen to a customer when they are ordering?

This location has all of the other locations beat for the better!
The employees are always fun, energetic, querky and talkative to my friends and I.
The food is always DELICIOUS.
The shakes are PERFECT!
I've visited other locations who hand me runny, over choc-u-lated shakes (lol) and I can't even finish them.
The shakes at this location though are sometimes the highlight of my day or night after a long night of class.
I'm an addict, I must admit.
LOVE this location!

This place really has gone down hill!!!
2 yrs ago they had it right, however my last 3 visits have been a complete fail!!!
Orders completely wrong and the fries were the worst I had in many years

Great service, hot food and awesome.

For years, I have tolerated that this Whataburger is slower than sit-down dining, gets my order wrong, and overcharges me, mostly because the chain sometimes introduces menu items I like.
Today, I went in search of a jalapeño breakfast biscuit, which is a truly fine idea.
At 6:45, the place was empty except for two clerks sitting in the dining area.
They stared and giggled at my bemusement that there was nobody to take my order, as apparently the manager thinks it makes sense to send everybody who can operate a cash register on break simultaneously.
Only when I started to walk out did one of the staff yell for attention in the kitchen.
After much yelling, somebody in back said she'd be out in a while.
Since there were no other customers in the restaurant or the drive-thru, I'm not sure what was more urgent than serving an actual customer, but I've known management to set some odd metrics that get in the way of customer service.
"I give up -- you don't want customers," I said, and I went to get a biscuit at the QT across the street.
Larger fast food chains have a metric of time-for-service, and they're always trying to reduce it.
Not Whataburger!
Whataburger cultivates the pure Customer Contempt Approach.

I always find this beacon of light in a dreary & dismal ghetto.
It brightens my day & clogs my arteries at the same time-pure perfection.
haha!
Today was a more exciting day than usual for the employees and patrons of this particular location.
Somebody needed some discipline next door at the lingerie shop so 15 cops later, their little circus act with a large bear riding a motorcycle and a bunch of reporters filled our afternoon with curiosity.
Tho I'm sure this wasn't entirely the reasoning for the good spirits, I have to say the gentleman taking orders could have filled in with a small comedy show in between all the commotion.
Back to me....My poison of choice....Honey BBQ chicken strip sammich on Texas toast.
It's pretty delectable.
I pretty much get it every time.
I trick myself into thinking since it has chicken, its healthier.
Today tho I tempted fate, I got a side of jalapeños to add a little fire to my taste buds.
Not bad at all!
Next time I'll order them on the sandwich so I can see if heating them up a bit adds a little heat....
I really like their fries when they are warm so of course I took down a couple of those but this time... You got it!
I ordered the jalapeño ranch to top them off.
Not impressed with that tho, the ranch lacked flavor.
Oh well 1 out of 2 jalapeño attempts came out well.
Since I'm a half full kind of guy, I'll call today a success.

Love Whataburger but very slow and poor service at this location.
No ketchup, no straws, no salad dressing.
Poor, poor, poor attention to detail and service.

Ah!
I Went today for old school lunch & had a healthy burger lunch with jalapeños and green chilies!
Call me crazy,  but it hit the spot(fast food grease)!
I Dine inside and the food and customer service has always been great, Very polite.

