For years I'd been sending my mom flowers from the same florist in Las Vegas.
Last year they were rather unpleasant to work with on the phone.
This year I decided I'd try somewhere new so I rang English Garden this morning.
I was surprised they answered at just past 7:00AM.
I explained to them my mom's preferences - bright pink, purple, no carnations, good smelling.
About three hours later I got a delighted phone call from Mom telling me the flowers I'd sent her for her birthday were "very, very beautiful" and that I'd done a "good job" because they looked "great!
"  From now on,  when I need to send flowers in Las Vegas, I'll be calling on English Garden.

David Filter, the owner, couldn't be more accommodating or more pleasant to work with.
English Garden is a gem.
Their shop is large, clean, stocked with fresh, interesting flowers (um carnations and babies breath are not interesting flowers so if this is your idea of fancy, go over to Trop @ Maryland Parkway...).
He hires floral designers from all over the world who keep his designs interesting and creative.
I count on him to keep my event florals top notch.
I'm not alone.
He's the go-to florist for most of the celebs in town.
Totally passionate about his business -- good to his people -- and his customers.
Love love love English Garden!

I usually order my Mother's Day flowers from Tigerlilly, decided to try something different this year.
I received this call today, "I thought last years flowers were nice, but now you have outdone yourself.
"  The girl on the phone was extremely helpful and kindly courteous,  delivery was on time and I spent as much as usual for flowers.

I had the task of sending a floral arrangement to my bosses friends who opened a new office in Las Vegas.
Me being in Chicago and them in Vegas was no easy task.
My boss is very particular as are his cohorts.
I found English Garden from the great feedback on Yelp.
I checked out the website and decided to call my order in instead of on-line.
The woman I spoke to on the phone was extremely helpful and the whole process took me less than 10 minutes.
I selected a tropical design in the $100 range.
I crossed my fingers and hoped for the best.
Two days later I received a very complementary (and tear filled)message on the beautiful arrangement we had sent.
My boss received the sweetest phone call from his friend telling him how stunning the arrangement was.
I highly recommend English Garden Florist.

I work for a major hotel in Las Vegas.
I needed a florist for a guest to get a last minute gift.
English Garden was beyond wonderful.
They checked to ensure that they had the exact flowers my guest needed before he made the trek over and assisted him fully with his order.
They were kind and listened carefully to each request.
I have heard nothing but positive feedback from each of my guests who have used English Garden.

Thanks to Yelp, I found this great florist around the corner from my wife's office!
My wife was having a rather dreadful day.
I called them around 10 a.m. and by 2 p.m. she had an arrangement of Gerber daisies - one of her favorites.
This was one of the best floral purchases in recent memory.
They turned out well and were delivered promptly.
I now have a new florist, especially when delivering to my wife at work!

I live in San Francisco and picked this place to deliver flowers locally in Las Vegas based on the Yelp reviews.
The service was friendly, the flowers were delivered on time, and the recepient said they were great.
Thanks Yelp and English Garden!

I had a dear friend of the family pass away and had no idea what to do in regards to sending flowers.
They where so helpful and walked me through the whole process.
She let me know the could work with a budget and any requests I had.
I am so grateful for the kind and attentive service they gave me over the phone.
I now have a florist that I know I will be going back to over and over again......

I live out of state and wanted to order flowers for my sister-in-law who just had emergency surgery.
I checked out Yelp and order flowers from English Garden Florist.
They were very nice on the phone and promised to send something cheery and beautiful.
I haven't seen the arrangement however it has gotten rave reviews from my family.
I am always nervous about ordering when I don't know the shop especially when I am sending out of the area.
This time it turned our wonderfully and you brought some smiles to my sister-in-law.
Thank you.

My mom was still moaning and groaning from the time I forgot to pick her up from the airport.
So when mothers day came around I knew I had to go all out with something special.
I yelped for the nearest flower shop and headed over.
The hottest redhead I've ever seen was waiting to help me with my floral arrangement.
Long story short, my mom is a happy camper!
Thank you English Garden!
I'll definitely be back to pick up some oversized bamboo for my feng shui living room.

BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS!!!!!!
They accommodated my order and exceeded my expectations!
While staying at the Hard Rock from out of town, I needed a wedding bouquet in one hour and gave my credit card.
Then I panicked thinking it might not be up to par.
When the driver came and gave me my order- I was stunned by it's beauty- it couldn't have been more perfect and gorgeous.
The bride (my friend) was so psyched.
I so appreciate English Garden Florist for coming through in a pinch and making Anj and Tim's wedding a little more beautiful!

We had a wedding back in April 2011.
The flowers we ordered were absolutely beautiful and the service was fantastic.
We had to make some last minute orders but they did everything in time and went above and beyond with their service.
Flowers were the last thing I had to worry about our wedding since they took care of it so well!

The best florist in town!

I've only gotten married once.
My whole wedding planning mantra was "I'm not a bride-y bride.
"   I wanted my Las Vegas wedding to be classic in the sense that I envision Vegas weddings: an elopement.
While I didn't achieve a complete elopement, I wanted that feeling, and didn't want flowers for my wedding.
So I didn't plan or budget for flowers, I didn't spend anytime looking for flowers, didn't really think about flowers.
The day of my wedding, I woke up knowing I wanted (and had to have) a bouquet.
Keep in mind, I had spent the past year listening to several friends who were planning their weddings and agonizing about their flowers, even stem colors (wth?
)  I woke up in a complete panic (it had to be something.
)  I wasn't even sure getting a bouquet the day of was even possible (see above re: 1st wedding) I pulled up yelp, put in florists in  Vegas, and it brought up English Garden Florist, where a fellow yelper put how she called them the day of her wedding.
So I called...
The woman who answered the phone was awesome, she didn't seem put out at all that I called the day of...possibly common in Vegas?!?
I was so relieved.
She asked me all sorts of questions then which I had no good answers to, and a small part of me felt that I was letting the salesperson down: she obviously has spent a lot of time thinking about flowers, and dealing with brides who are detail focused.
So I just told her the truth: that I wasn't a bride-y bride, I hadn't really thought about flowers, and that I hate (HATE) roses (they're over-overdone.
)  I also asked that they included a matching floral hairpiece, b/c I also decided that morning I was not going to wear a veil (I don't even understand myself.
)  They delivered on time, but for some reason they couldn't deliver to my suite?
I had several other vendors deliver with no problem, but the delivery guy made me send someone down.
Not a huge deal.
The reason I gave four stars is b/c no matching floral hairpiece was delivered.
I had specifically asked that one be included.
I wasn't going to make a big deal about it, as by that time we were getting ready to go (and I had bigger problems) but my mom insisted on calling them.
Whoever she spoke to claimed that my order did not mention a hairpiece, but I KNOW that I did.
They very graciously delivered one super speedily though, although I found when I got home I was charged additionally for.
Still not a huge deal to me, but might be to others.
The flowers were gorgeous, huge, bright, and worth every penny.
My bouquet was stunning, and I got many compliments.
It was exactly what I would have asked for had I had designed one.
I was really impressed.
The designer somehow got what I wanted from a 30 second extremely non-descriptive order.
That or they just have great taste.
Either way...
Highly recommended!

English Garden Florists saved the day for our 40th wedding anniversary dinner florals and cake topper!
After another Las Vegas florist let us down, I called English Garden Florists (yes, I found them on Yelp!
) although it was Sunday, the day of the event and they were closing, Derek worked to rush my order through and have it delivered in time!
I loved the fresh, beautiful flowers which were exactly what I wanted.
I can't say enough about their excellent customer service.
As a wedding planner myself, it was so good to be dealt with in such a professional manner.
Good job, English Garden Florists (Las Vegas).

wedding flowers!
i worked with Tacy, she is absolutely a delight to work with.
not only was she so sweet, but she was very accessible.
i was always able to get a hold of her.
she went over my vision with me until if felt comfortable (as i am indecisive).
my delivery came on time as scheduled.
not only that, but my flowers turned out better than expected!!!
thank you Tacy & English Garden Florist for making my wedding soooooo beautiful   i would DEFINITELY work with them again for any occasion that i might need flowers.
i highly recommend them for your next occasion as well  i heart Tacy!

I was in Las Vegas to get married and wanted a beautiful, classic bouquet but did not want a huge price.
I saw a delivery van for the English Garden while out driving and decided to check them out.
They had beautiful flowers and Dave, the owner, was a pleasure to work with and helped me create my perfect bouquet with pale pink roses, calla lilies and hydrangeas.
I was going to come by the next morning and put the bouquet together myself, but I packed my day full and couldn't make it.
Dave put my bouquet together beautifully, better than I imagined, and I was so happy that I found such a good florist that helped me have the perfect day.
I highly recommend English Garden Florist to anyone who wants beautiful flowers and a great locally owned store with excellent customer service.
Thank you, Dave, for all of your help!

My original online order from a different company had never delivered to my mother-in-law home for her birthday on time... so I called English Garden Florist for a "emergency delivery"!
And they were EXCELLENT!!
They saved my day!
The customer service (over the phone) were nice, efficient and professional!!
The price is absolutely reasonable.
And the beautiful floral arrangement was delivered to my mother-in-law's door step within 1 hour and half after I placed the order over the phone, on a Sunday!
My mother-in-law was very pleased with the FRESH BEAUTIFUL arrangement she received!
Thank you English Garden Florist!
Highly recommended!

I really like supporting this business.
A few years ago a friend died while living on campus at UNLV and an organization that I was a part of put together a memorial for him.
We chose English garden florist to do the arrangement, not only did they spend time helping us pick out great flowers but they also donated them to the memorial.
Ever since then I have only bought flowers from this store.
The staff is extremely helpful and always work to create a great bouquet.
Just the other day I went in to pick up sunflowers for my girlfriend, the man at the counter told me that the sunflowers they had did not meet their standards and asked if I he could get me something else.
I told him they were my girlfriends favorite and I did not mind because I knew she would have preferred a droopy sunflower over anything else.
He said that since that was the case he would give them to me free of charge.
To me this shows their dedication to quality and as long as I live in Las Vegas I will buy flowers from here.

Having been so frustrated, unable to find a bouquet of flowers for my bestie's graduation (tis the season), I angrily pulled into the parking lot of English Garden Florist.
My heart dropped once again when I looked at my clock that said 1:57 PM and when I looked at the store closing time (2:00 PM) on that bright Sunday afternoon.
I knew they probably wouldn't be too happy to see me walking right before closing time but I jumped the gun and ran in frantic.
Much to my surprise, the gentleman behind the counter greeted me with a smile and assured that he didn't mind me coming in at that time.
I asked him if they had prepared flower bouquets that I can just grab, pay and run with.
They did not and continued to explain that they make their bouquets on the spot.
Awesome.
My bestie loves tulips (as do I) and inquired to take a look at their selection.
They had tulips in white, pink and yellow.
As far as the design, I was lost as a deer in the headlights.
I decided to trust this guy and asked him to make something small and dainty, but beautiful and with a statement.
About 10 minutes later, the guy brings out my bouquet.
It was just what I needed!
White tulips with small purple flower accents and pretty lush green leaves!
This ran around $15, which I thought was a little expensive (but I have no idea how much flowers are or what they're normally worth - for all I know, this could have been a fantastic price).
All in all, I was very satisfied with their service and if I ever need another flower bouquet on the fly, I'll definitely be back!

First of all, Thank you!!!!!!!!!!
Sandrine helped me today and was absolutely amazing.
Being a guy i'm not the best with picking flowers but I know how I feel and she took my feelings and put them into the flower arrangement.
My girlfriend received the flowers at the perfect time!!
The letter and card were amazing and everything was perfect!!!
I will use this Flower shop again and again!!

My mom had flowers sent to me for my birthday.
I've done floral design so I am pretty picky about my flowers.
This arrangement was out of the park beautiful!
My mom gave them a few guidelines and it was perfect.... it's a 360 bouquet... so I could leave it on my desk and work and there isn't a bad angle to look at it.
VERY FRESH!
it was delivered on Tue and here we are Sun and I don't have to pull anything out of it yet!
I'm very happy with it!

What an amazing experience!
I was absolutely 100% satisfied with my order and my interaction with English Garden Florist.
My husband and I eloped to Vegas, and since I live in Portland, OR, I arranged my bouquet and boutonniere order via email, sending photographs of what I liked/wanted.
I left the rest of the design up to the very capable and talented designers at English Gardens.
I was NOT disappointed!
The arrangements were exactly as I dreamed them to be!
And it was delivered on time to our hotel.
No hassle, no stress.
Sandrine was wonderful.
Everything was perfect.
Thank you, thank you English Gardens.
You made our elopement extra special and made my flower dreams come true!

I found this florist using Yelp.
I live in Los Angeles and was getting married in Las Vegas.
I did my entire order over the phone and email.
I worked with kimberly and she was amazing.
I sent her pictures of the bouquet I wanted and told her what my budget was and she was able to do exactly what I wanted within my budget.
My first wedding was ruined by a florist you forgot to do my bride bouquet so I was extremely nervous however can barely put me at ease and the end result was amazing and exactly what I wanted.

Amazing work!
My bouquet was stunning- so beautiful!!
Amazing quality of flowers.
Highly impressed And will always recommend English Garden Florist.
I came from Hawaii and did all communication via email and am so impressed with how flawless everything went!

Tam and Kevin were in Las Vegas celebrating their 5th wedding anniversary.
We wanted to send them flowers.
I went to Yelp and found English Garden Florist.
I looked at their website and fell in love w/ a simple, elegant Ikebana-like arrangement of oncidium and dendrobium orchids, torch ginger, anthuriums and greenery.
I called and spoke w/ a man who was both patient and thorough, taking all the information and double checking it.
He explained that the flowers would be delivered to the concierge desk, as they are not allowed to deliver to hotel rooms directly.
Tam posted a photo of the arrangement on Facebook and while it wasn't identical to the one on the website, it was equally stunning.
https://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/RGu8qTTeJi9ycafgMFTIXQ/l.jpg  They just returned home and when she called just now to let us know, she told me how tall and gorgeous the arrangement was and how she regretted having to leave it there, but that they would have had to have bought another seat to bring it home.
Happily they were able to enjoy it from Friday to today, Tuesday.
We were thrilled to have such good service at long distance.

Stunning arrangements .
Contemporary  and artistic.
They go above and beyond to please.

This place really surprised me.
I hadn't bought flowers in years and the flower shop I had gone to before was no longer open.
I checked out this place on Yelp and it was close to home.
I walked in and the lady who was working (maybe the owner) had trouble walking but was super sweet and helpful.
I fumbled through what I needed, not knowing anything about flowers.
She helped me out and said basically, whatever price range you are looking for, they can make an arrangement.
I set down a decent amount and would come back in a few days.
I came to pick up the flowers and my jaw dropped.
For what I paid for, I got just a stunning assortment of lillies in a beautiful vase.
It was really surprising.
I never expected to get such a great deal.
The flowers were beautiful and it didn't cost an arm or a leg.
The same lady helped me with these flowers.
She was super nice and sweet.
Really great customer service.
I definitely recommend this establishment to anyone looking to get flowers.
They really know what they are doing and are professional.
It will definitely wow whoever you are getting the flowers for.

I think I have the worst luck.
My mother's birthday is less than a week from Mother's Day.
You know what that means?
Every time I buy her flowers for her birthday, the price dramatically increases and it never ceases to remind me of how broke I am.
But it's mother and whatever mother likes, she shall have.
I typically order her flowers online if I do order them for her birthday.
I haven't stepped foot inside a florist since maybe 10 years ago.
And I just didn't want to deal with the delivery fee this year so I decided to yelp out a florist.
English Garden has amazing reviews and it's close to my work so after work, I headed straight there.
I got greeted shortly as I walked in.
Me being me, I started with, "I have a problem.
" The lady that I talked to was very nice.
I told her what my problem was, what I needed, and the requirements.
Thing is, my mom likes to receive flowers -- like who doesn't?
-- but she has allergies.
So I needed something that was a little low on the pollen end of things.
She then asked about the colors my mom liked and my budget, and I just said, "I could do $30-35.
" So she suggested $35 and from there, she started to name roses and tulips along with the colors.
I was a little on edge with the fact that roses will be in them seeing as I'm not a big rose person but we went in to see the flowers.
She showed me a beautiful lavender pink tinted rose and I just fell in love.
So in the end, we decided on some purple, pink, and white tulips along with the lavender roses.
She handed the flowers over to her boss, we discussed the length of the stems due to what kind of vase I have at home, and he started to assemble the bouquet for me.
After waiting for a few, he came with the flowers, and they just looked absolutely amazing.
The colors matched and meshed in perfectly.
I don't think I've fallen this much in love with a bouquet of flowers in a while.
It wasn't too huge and it wasn't too small of a bouquet.
Though, the price was a little steep for the amount of stems in the bouquet but hey, mother's day is around the corner and I could only imagine how expensive roses are during this time.
Maybe next time I'll request a non-rose bouquet.
Darn that lavender rose for capturing my heart :P!
What I loved most was that I could set the budget.
I could also just grab and go without having to make an order ahead of time.
I would definitely come back to this florist if I ever need another bouquet.

I called the English Garden Florist the week before coming to Vegas to elope with my boyfriend.
I spoke with Kimberly on the phone briefly to discuss some bouquet and boutonniere options.
Since I wasn't sure what I wanted, she told me to look on pinterest and email her some ideas of what I liked.
I emailed her on Thursday.
She indicated that since it was Mother's Day, I probably wouldn't hear back from her until Monday (ceremony was Wednesday).
I never heard back and got a little busy with the trip so I didn't call until Wednesday morning.
I spoke with Kimberly again and she said it was no problem, she'd have them ready in time.
It is Vegas, so I guess they are used to doing things in a hurry.
BOTTOM LINE:  Reasonable prices, BEAUTIFUL flowers/arrangement, exactly what I wanted and delivered as promised.
The only reason I didn't give a 5 star was the lack of communication.

I arranged for Mother's Day flowers to be sent to my mother-in-law who lives in Las Vegas and chose English Garden based on the YELP reviews.
I DID NOT GO WRONG!
She LOVED the arrangement!
My sister-in-law visited her home and saw the flowers and  was floored.
She said they were more beautiful than arrangements she's seen in some of the best hotels in town.
The young lady I dealt with there was extremely helpful and very gracious.
I'm keeping this place on my speed dial because my wife's family lives in Las Vegas and we will send flowers again at some point.
This place rocks and I don't need to look further.
Thank you to the people at English Garden for making me look like a hero.

Very nice shop that put together a well priced and gorgeous wedding bouquet at the last minute.
They were helpful, with great suggestions and not at all pushy.
Also love the fact that they rescue birds!!!
Would definitely recommend!!

