What a concept...a centralized rental car location which is home to 11 of the top car rental companies.
A speedy shuttle bus from McCarran Airport takes you to the remote location to pick up your vehicle.
No longer do you have to wait in line at the airport to take care of your paperwork.
Instead, the wait is taken offsite.
Located a few miles south of the end of the Strip, it's easy to remember how to get there...no need to be confused by the airport signs.
My only gripe, it's not AT the airport.

Before the major makeover that McCarran is still fixing up, finding a place to rent a car was a nightmare.
The baggage claim area was always a mess and finding ground transportation was a chore especially for out of towners (which is almost everyone).
Enter the MCCarran Rent-a-Car Center, a facility located roughly 3 miles away from the airport terminals, unveiled a little over a year ago and is probably one of the airports most needed features.
There is a free shuttle to the Rent-A-Car facility, which from the outside looks like an arena or a mall, but one for car companies galore.
Finding a car here is no problem and the entire process was easy as pie.
The   conveniences don't stop here, there are various airport shuttles from this location and there are check-ins available during peak seasons to expedite passenger processing.
I applaud the folks behind the curtains who pulled the trigger to execute this marvelous idea.
Bravo.

The shuttle ride TO the airport seemed an awful lot longer than the shuttle ride FROM the airport.
So that was weird.
Other than that oh-so-helpful little tidbit, I have nothing to add to what the previous reviewers have said.
Except that there is, indeed, gasoline relatively closeby, which is helpful if you don't want to get charged $35 a gallon by Alamo.

Super fast and convenient.
They get you in and out.
There is always a shuttle going to/from the airport and center.
When we headed back, we just  literally dropped off the car, took an elevator and escalator to the main floor, hopped on a shuttle and was at the airport in no time!
It took about a total of 15 minutes MAX!
The line to check in took longer than that!.
If the rental company has an express check-in, I recomment you use it because sometimes the lines can be long.

Here's my personal experiences....
Always book online directly from the Car Rental company....you can always cancel or modify your reservations afterwards.
You might not be able to do that through a third-party website (ie.
hotwire, priceline, etc.).
Shopped around online and finally decided to book a sub-compact from Dollar Rent a Car.
Used my Amex because it had additional auto insurance coverage so I didn't need to purchase any insurance from Dollar.
Joined their Dollar Express membership online by providing my drivers license and added a credit card to my profile.
This allows me to avoid the line-ups and go directly to the garage to pick up the car.
Once I got off the plane and picked up my luggage, I hopped onto the Car Rental shuttle bus (signs are outside the terminal).
I waited 2 minutes before the bus arrived and it took an additional 10 minutes to get to the McCarran Rental Car Center.
Tipped the bus driver, headed inside the Center and went straight downstairs to the Dollar garage to present my Dollar Express card (which I got in the mail before the trip) along with a photo ID.
It took 2 minutes to print out the contract and get it signed.
You then go to the sub-compact section to select and inspect the vehicle you want yourself.
Keys are in the ignition...you just start it up and drive to the exit to present your signed contract along with a photo ID.
Attached my garmin GPS that I brought from home and I am done with the whole rental matter.
The whole thing took about 30 minutes after getting off the plane.
If I was not an Express customer, it would have taken another 45 minutes or more.
Parking is free everywhere on the strip.
I only paid parking when I went to Fremont street.
It always bugged me that I had to pay 22-25 bucks round trip taxi for an "In-N-Out Burger" craving.
Also I would always wait 15-25 minutes to get a taxi back to the strip when I went to chinatown for a meal.
I had a pho craving at 2am one night and a rented car resolved all these issues.
Returning the Car:  Make sure you fill-up the night before returning the car.
The Rental center is open 24/7....just follow the "return car" signs and find your rental company.
Park it and give your contract to the attendant.
He is able to print out your invoice with a portable handheld machine.
This took 1 minute.
Hopped on a shuttle bus outside and headed to the airport (make sure you know which terminal) which took another 11-12 minutes.
It was effortless...but you need to make sure you show up at least a hour or two before the flight.
This was the first time I rented a car and I plan to do this everytime.
I paid $275-$300 in taxi fees on my previous trip.
This car rental cost me $9 per day with unlimited milage (plus taxes) and I used up $13.50 in fuel.
It was definitely worth it and I would recommend it to all (unless you plan to drink a lot).
Hope this info helps.

huge separate area for car rental.
all if most reputable companies are represented by counters that are ready to serve.
garage to house all the rentals is also huge.
prepare to queue up during peak months.

Easy to catch the shuttle bus to the rent-a-car center even though it is about a 10 minute ride.
The center itself is laid out well and has all of the major car companies, and then some.
I was able to easier go up the escalator the Hertz Gold lot, find my car, and I was off.
Returning the car was also easy - lots of signs coming off of I-15 South (Exit #34).
Since there is a shuttle bus involved, make sure you leave plenty of time before your flight.

pros... just the best car rental center i have ever been to.
sounds funny but this can make or break your vacation.
think about it, this is the first real important thing you do after getting your luggage from the carousel, right?
the center was clean, and most importantly out in vegas, was this place was air conditioned.
the shuttles were also clean and the drivers friendly and helpful.
don't forget to tip them either when they help you with your bag(s).
there is even a little kiosk which sells all sorts of snacks, water, sandwiches, ice cream and other edible items.
we got to the rental place in no time flat, about 10 minutes ride away.
we walked in and was greeted with a cool, well thought out space.
the rental agencies were clearly marked and in about 15-20 minutes we were in the car and driving off to vegas.
the lot was big and though not air conditioned, was at least shaded, but then in vegas it can be 100 degrees in the shade.
on the return trip, it's just as easy and well thought out.
you drive your rental back to the center, and you find the right agency and then you just drive the car in and they scan your paperwork, and then scan the rental, and you are done.
nothing else but to get out of the rental, collect your stuff and walk inside the a/c terminal and wait the 5 minutes for the shuttle to take you back to the airport!
cons... wish this design, concept, would spread to all airports.

This car rental center is really set up well...we have only have quick & fast help here in the rental center.
Once we get to the car rental company you  chose that's another review - ALAMO I'm talking about you!!
It's clean and cool in there.

The shuttle driver that drove us from the airport was very helpful and friendly.
The shuttle bus was clean.
Once we reached the rent-a- car center, I noticed that the building was clean and very organized.
Each rental company had their own separate spaces/offices.
The bathrooms were very sanitary.
The staff that worked there were friendly and accomodating.

Three times yearly, we head for Las Vegas.
Three times yearly, we stay on the strip.
For pretty obvious reasons, we like to do the majority of our gambling off the strip.
This time, we decided to stay at the Palms, but still wanted easy access to the strip.
After adding up taxi fares from our last trip, which had included visits to Red Rock, GVR and Texas Station, we were somewhat horrified.
Soooo, we decided to rent a car.
Enter the McCarran Airport Rental Car Center.
Efficient.
Nice.
Clean.
Well-organized.
Frequent, comfortable and courteous shuttle service.
Easy to navigate.
Restrooms, snack machines and SLOTS?!?
Seriously?!
LOL, is there no place in Las Vegas without slot machines?!
I'm quite sure that the rental company you choose can make or break the whole car rental experience, but from the ease-of-use standpoint for just the rental car center this place exceeded every expectation we had.
Anxiety level of New Yorkers renting a car and driving around Las Vegas?
Renting a car - no more anxiety.
Driving around Las Vegas?
Yeah, we'll get back to that....

Close to five stars...so close.
I guess the location and the shuttle rides make it not 5 stars.
The place is very easy to use and navigate.

McCarran's Rent a Car center is one of the best all in one rental car places I have seen.
Below are the reasons why I enjoy renting from this airport location then most others:  Pros:  -Large, clean and well lit  -All the rental car counters are spread out evenly and access to the garages are quick and efficient   -Most importantly, there is only one bus to jump on and one to jump off.
You do not have to wait for your rental car companies personal bus that may not come around in this life time.
Cons  None that one can think of.

I think that this is the only choice that you have if your renting at the airport, but it's the only one that you need.
It's convenient, it works very well, it's adequately sign posted for returns, the Garmin can find it, it's very organized, and it's new and clean.
Nuff said.

Ok..
I agree, the consolidated facilities are great.
Pollution is decreased since not every rental company has to run a bus for their specific passengers.
The offsite baggage check and checkin kiosks are great to have.
So whats the beef??
Could the airport authority and/or Clark County have found a plot of land any closer to the airport??
I mean really... you board a bus to take a drive into the desert of Nevada to pick up your rental?
Upon return, allow 30 minutes to get back to the airport terminal.
One thing Las Vegas is all about is working on too many road projects and falling behind in them.
The airport area is not immuned to this policy.
It appears that facility is there to stay so my next suggestion is to have some sort of light rail (like at SFO) that will connect the airport terminal with the car rental facility.
Hopeless in asking...

This place wins the award for the longest drive from the airport rental car return signs to the actual rental car return center.
I'd say it's a good 7 or 8 miles.
Now I understand why they say to arrive a half hour earlier to the airport if you have to return the car.
It's a 10 minute drive to the return center, takes 5 or 10 minutes to check the car in and then walk to the shuttle, and another 7 minutes to take the shuttle back to the airport.
The facility itself is clean, big, and well organized.
All of the employees were very nice and helpful (except for the guys at the Dollar desk).

Las Vegas tries to make everything easy and convenient so you'll spend more time gambling and having fun.
This is one the smartest ideas ever thought of.
One shuttle.
One car rental center.
You are in and out.
Not to mention, the bathrooms here are clean too.
The shuttle drivers are very friendly and helpful.
The rental center is about 2 miles away from the airport so it's very convenient.
Remember once you get your rental car, it's 3 rights and you are on your way to the Strip!
^_^*~

Just like the air port the car rental center is easy to navigate through and super easy to get to your vehicle.
The lines to check out your car may take a while but I find the car rental system here is easy to use.

I would have to say that  whoever thought of this great idea to have ALL of the rental car companies in the same building under the same roof:  YOU definitely had your thinking cap on!
Having all the rental companies in the same place is definitely helpful to the throngs of travelers, tourists, and gamblers, that make their trek to the gambling mecca that is Las Vegas.
There are multiple shuttles that make trips to nearby McCarran Airport for the convenience of travelers.
On this recent trip, we found there were 2 shuttles waiting for passengers near the arrivals area for Terminal 2.
The driver was very friendly and outgoing, did a great job of handling everyone's luggage, and made sure everyone was seated comfortably before leaving the airport.
He also maximized the shuttle's capacity for passngers!
The rent-a-car center is big, grand, and new.
All rental car companies are well represented at their respected counters, and there is ample seating and a snack bar or machines available for the weary traveler.
Bottom Line:  A well thought out necessity for the Las Vegas traveler.

Great idea, similar to San Francisco.
Only one shutte to catch to rent a car center/airport.
When returning your car there is a gas station about a block away that is priced same as throughout town (I did see some for cheaper but it was for cash or far away).
There is also a Whole Foods at the nearby Town Center if you want to pick up some water when you arrive.

When our bus/tram from the airport rolled up, the site was still partially under construction but nearly done.
This meant that the slot machines in the lobby weren't operational and some of the entrances were closed but all the car rental desks were open.
We were able to access our rental quickly and like the Phx Car Rental Center, it was fab!

I really enjoy the centralized aspect of the Rent-a-Car center.
It's very nice to be able to take ONE bus from the airport instead of having to hunt around for the Dollar bus, Hertz bus, or Budget bus.
It's very convenient and time saving.

We had a GREAT experience with Alamo!
We didn't have a wait once we arrived, no 'hold' on our debit card, great price, great car, great agent!
Paul was fantastic to work with.
Bringing the car back was easy and hassle free!
Would use them again and will definitely recommend to friends.

I first encountered this place back in December, and afterwards in late March / early April.
I could've sworn that the second time I was here with just one car rental took *wayyyyy* longer to pick up than the first time (which was during the holiday season with nine other people and three different car rentals to take care of).
I'm sorry to have to say this, but I suspect that it might be because of the rental company we had reservations with (Dollar), which didn't have enough counter staff to accommodate the ever-increasing line of customers.
The staff also seemed to have a tendency to "stall" customers by spending extra time trying to sell them various add-ons to their rentals (according to my friend who was the designated driver during our trip).
Not cool.
Anyway, I mostly like this place because it really helps to make the travel experience go by smoother - not just in terms of transportation but also post-plane ride snacks / beverages (at their small snack shop).
There's so many things that can and do go wrong on a trip, and the last thing you want to worry about is where the heck you're supposed to pick up / drop off your rental car.
Waiting for the (free) shuttle at the airport can sometimes take forever and a day, but I've noticed that the bus drivers never allow in a capacity greater than the available seats, which is a good thing even for a short ride.
When dropping off your car and heading back to the airport, there's separate lines for separate destinations / airline companies, which also helps if you're running late and want to avoid frequent stops.
Overall, this all-in-one rental car center is ingenious - but there's one aspect that I've never understood.
The rental pick-up area is on the ground floor of the building, which is one floor below the main entrance to the building.
If I recall correctly, to get there you either climb down the stairs or use the elevator via one of three exits.
Why exactly do they have stairs?
Why not a ramp, which is both wheelchair-accessible and easier for people with rolling luggage?
I feel silly using the elevator when it's just a few feet down, but then again, it's a struggle to lug suitcases down a flight of stairs.

What a great idea!
Okay, I've been to other airports that combine rental car companies into one location.
But for some reason, VEGAS does it better.
Hop into any of the appropriate shuttle at the airport and they'll bring you here--about a 5 minute ride.
I didn't have to call my individual rental company, nor wait for an individual shuttle.
This place is so clean!
Note that I don't love all the rental agencies here, I like the fact they're in one location.

One of my favorite car rental center.
They offer a shuttle from the airport to the Rent-a-Car Center.
Drops you off in the front and you walk right in and to the frequent rental pick up located down one level for pick up of my car.
Very easy and convenient.
The Center is very clean and well maintained.
And just as easy picking up and drop off.
The shuttle takes you right back to the airport.
Tons of shutlles and friendly staff.

What is up with everyone griping abount the distance from the airport???
It is less than 8 miles away and takes less than 10 minutes to get there.
If each and every car rental company ran their own shuttle, you would have to wait longer just to catch their shuttle and the traffic to the airport would increase by 30%.
There is a shuttle leaving every 5 minutes and thtere are always 3 lined up to load.
PLUS all the car rental companies are right there under one roof.
Very very efficient and a great idea.
You have to expect an extra 30 minutes no matter where the rental company lots are.
Where was the person who is complaining about needing to get to the airport half an hour earlier been for the last 10 years?
Drivers are all very courteous and helpful.
Would you want to do their job and deal with a bunch of fussy and irritated passengers all day?

I love this place.
Efficient, convenient and your one stop rental car shop for the most recognized car agencies.
The shuttles are very quick and I don't think I've waited more than 10 minutes for one of them.

Never been such a swift.
One bus from the airport to one location... And this one location has everything built into the building.
All the car rentals are all located int he same place.
Easy to get around and lots of cars.
Pretty close to the airport and stuff.
Not bad at all.

The long line at the airport for a shuttle drops this to three stars.
In the heat of the day waiting outside is not fun.

Easily accessible, clean, some good rental agencies.
Unfortunately, WE the renters have to pay for this.
High taxes + high fees per rental due to this new center that was built a few years ago.
Get a $15 rental from Enterprise?
Try making that $10/tax+fee per day.
Nickle and diming at it's finest due to the new center.

It was my first time to rent a car in Vegas and so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.
They have shuttles that take you to the airport and drop you off here.
The McCarran Rent a Center was actually one pretty nice place.
It's quite surprising when you walk in.
It's huge!
This place has several spots to sit at, gambling machines in the middle and plenty of screens showing airport departures.
The different car rental stands surround the overall lobby.
The rent a car center made getting a rental car easy.
) You step up to your rental car stand of choice.
)  Get your paperwork and keys 3.
) Go down an escalator or elevator and down to the parking garage  4.
) Get your car and drive off to the Strip!
Returning a car here is easy too.
There are signs to direct you which lane to go to and which rental car stop is what.
It's so great and convenient!

How sad is it that my only view of the Strip came from inside one of their shuttles?
One of the many rental car centers I've come across that's a 5-10 minute drive from the airport.
All the rental companies are centrally located, and you hop off the bus and head to your counter.
National's Emerald Aisle and Executive members have their choice of the lot, but small SUVs (my rental of choice) were MIA.
My Garmin got me back incident-free, even with construction (but signage is minimal).
Fair amount of gas stations close by.

Great execution on this car rental center!
Such a wonderful improvement over the previous way which was within the airport terminal.
The shuttle drivers are all very nice and quick (make sure you tip them!!).
Picking up you car is easy, but you may have to wait in line for the shuttle and/or your car - depending on what time of day it is.
The structure is so close to the strip, all you have to do is from the garage exit, make like 3 rights and you're at Mandalay Bay!
Just go straight down to find your hotel!
And dropping off your car is even easier!
Lots of gas stations near the rent a car center and easy to follow signs to lead you to your rental car company!

Not a bad place.
That 3.75/day Consolidated Facility Charge that is tacked on every rental is a trip though...I thought that's what we were paying the Concession Recovery Charge for???
Oh well..easy access from the airport via shuttle.
Plenty of gas stations nearby so you can fill up right before return.
Easy access to the Strip via 3 right turns.
Huge garage where you can usually pick your own vehicle after getting your paperwork.

Fast and friendly service!
The customer service agent had us in our car and off to the Vegas Strip in no time.
This location is really convenient to Las Vegas Blvd.
When we returned the car the attendant was friendly and had our receipt quickly.
I will definitely be using them again on our next trip!

Lets walk you through my experience with my Las Vegas trip(s)...  To get from your arriving flight to the Rent-a-Car center you have to make your way through the carousel area.
Through the doors you have to cross the on coming traffic a few times.
From there you will arrive at a bus stop where you give them your carry-ons/suit case (where they violently stock them on the bus for you; how nice of them.).
In 10 minutes, you arrive a the Center where you get hit by air conditioning (makes you forget that it was 102 degrees outside very quick).
Heres the deal, even if you reserved a car, they might not actually have one available for you.
Thats because they run out of cars by 12PM.
Yep.
(Through my friend's experience) It's best to reserve a car from at least 2 car-rental companies just in case one might not have one available.
They doing some constructioning the last time I went so it might be a little bit of an eye sore.
Interestingly enough, there are no seats for you to sit!
(Come on!
)  After getting a car, we move forward and down the escalators to the parking structure.
You walk up to a window on your right and you will be either be greeted by a lazy kid in the portable or greeted by 3 who seems to be joking and laughing (which I find very unprofessional for being in Las Vegas).
One of the two might happen to you (or none if you're lucky):  1. they can't find the copy so they give you the original (and only copy they have) to you so you can get the rental (and since they have only one type of car you reserved left -you're stuck with that- or get stuck with an upgrade to a car that eats up gas like no other).
2. they give you two copies of the key where they lock together with an unbreakable cable-type thing (whats the point?
)  Dropping the car off is pretty easy.
Just drive up through a maze and be greet by a man/woman that seems to hate their job.
(What happen to the Las Vegas enthusiasm?
)  I haven't experience worse, but the experience here is certainly not the best.
The quickly we go through the Car Rental process the better!

It was easy to access most car rental companies from the McCarran Rent-a-Car Center.
Unfortunately I was renting from Fox Rent A Car and I had to take another shuttle from the Rent-a-Car Center.
When I couldn't find my rental car company, I asked somebody that worked there for Fox and they pointed me into the right direction.

This facility is very nice, but undergoing a LOT of construction.
The major con of this place is the HUGE line to get to the facility at the airport.
Both times we have gone here, we have waited over 30 minutes to get on the shuttle.
It was better before when we waited for each car rental place independently.
Anyway, once you get here it is quick.
We used Alamo both times, used their computer system, and never had to see an agent.
Were led to our choice of car and were OUT of there.
Easym return as well and easy catching the shuttle back to the airport.

This is a shiny new facility that is still undergoing some finishing touches.
Overall, this was a great idea to consolidate all companies in to one central and customer friendly facility.
Hopefully all airports offer this kind of service some day.
The shuttle location from the airport was very easy to locate, was constantly boarding people on to buses, and got people to and from the center quickly.
Once at the facility, it was very easy to find where to go, get checked in, and off the the garage where a car would be ready and waiting to be picked up.

I really like this place.
It starts with a bus picking you up at the airport.
It's a 5 minute drive the the garage.
It's very easy to locate your car.
I always use Avis.
Upon return, the person checking me out was very friendly and gave me directions to the bus.
The driver was again helping everyone with their luggage.

I've been renting cars out of the Vegas airport for years.
So, when they moved them all to a central location.
I was pleasantly surprised and grateful.
This makes it easy for even the casual car rental user.
Upon arriving at McCarren Airport simply get on the rental car shuttle bus and they take you to the Rent-a-car center where all the agencies have their own window.
You can use the restroom and get a snack while you wait.
Then quickly head downstairs to your brand of choice pick out a car and go.
On the way out, they have you scan the bar code of your rental agreement and you are out of the gate.
Fast and easy just as it should be.
I'm sure I'll be back again.

I rented a vehicle  (I think it was Budget).
Upon returning I could NOT find the Budget sign inside the garage.
I was forced to drive outside the garage and make this huge loop  because of all the one way streets etc.
I went back inside trying to find the Budget sign..STILL could not find it.
Outside I went again...making a huge loop.
This time I called the local Budget and had them on the phone until I could find their sign.
I finally saw it.
It was the tiniest thing ever..with a big old HERTZ behind it.
I was not looking for a tiny sign.. plus people behind you in a hurry.
So..be careful when returning the car.
If you drive past your sign you will need to allow about 10-15 extra minutes otherwise.

Great facility!
Helpful staff at the Enterprise counter.
Huge selection of cars.

Genius idea to consolidate all the car rental companies under one roof a few miles outside of McCarran Int'l airport.
I've never had a bad experience here and I fly into Vegas several times a year and always rent through Alamo.
There are self serve Alamo car rental kiosks for those with a previous car reservation.
Just slide your ID, then your credit card, confirm selection, take the printout, go on the escalator up a level and pick your car.
So easy...
So very easy.
Returning the car is no big deal either.
There are gas stations nearby.
I can think of at least 4 places in the immediate area where you can fill up before returning the rental car.
The people at check out & return are always very pleasant as well.
The shuttle drivers are very courteous & friendly.
It only takes about 7-10 mins from the airport to the rental car center & vice versa.
TIP: Print your boarding passes at the handy kiosks by the entrance before you take the shuttle back to the airport.
There are at least 2 by the doors and 2 more in the middle of the lobby.

Super easy to get your rental car and get out!
The shuttle was very quick both ways to the airport.
This is a great idea for big airports!

I always take Hertz and the Hertz station at McCarran Airport is great.
The shuttle takes you to the Rent a Car garage and from there the Hertz sign is in big bright letters to the right.
Being Hertz #1 Gold, you do not even have to wait in line.
Your car is waiting for you with your name in lights big board.
You hop in and drive off.
Can't get much simpler than that.

I was in Vegas for the NASCAR Races this past weekend.
I usually try to use Dollar when they have a competitive price.
I'm a "Dollar Express" member (Free to Sign Up).
This was the ABSOLUTE easiest Rental Car Pick Up that I have EVER HAD.
Shuttle to the Rental Center (8 minutes, maybe).
Walk pass the counter to the Garage.
LCD had my name and the spot number for the car.
Walker 50 feet to the car, checked it over, drove to the exit booth.
Signed and was gone.
Less than 5 minutes, tops !!!!
Wish every Dollar location was this great.
Thanks Dollar !

I wish all airports consolidated their rent a car places like Vegas.
Convenient to pick up your keys and go and pretty quick.
A little bit of a maze to drive out once you get in your car and exit the guard shack, but overall a great rental car experience.

Makes the car rental process pretty painless.
Didn't have to wait too long for the shuttles.
give yourself an extra 45-60 minutes for drop off before you catch your flight.

I don't like having to shuttle to an off-site rental car facility but McCarran will hook you up.
First of all, don't be scared of renting a car in Vegas.
Valet parking is free at pretty much every hotel on the strip.
Just tip em a couple bucks.
$5 if you're feeling generous.
If you rent a car, walk outside to the 2nd curb and a rental car bus will drive by every few minutes.
The driver will help load and unload all baggage.
Nice.
The lines have never been too long at McCarran and you will meet someone outside who will walk you around your car.
It's easy getting back to drop off your car and can always do early bird drop off if you need to fly early.
This is better than standing in line at the airport for the mass shuttle to the strip for $7 or whatever they charge you on the spot and then trying to ignore their sales pitch.
You have to stop at every hotel on the way to your hotel.
You also won't need to wait for the return shuttle when you fly out.
Or if you plan on drinking the whole trip and don't need to drive then just cab it to and from the strip- worth it to me.

I guess this is supposed to be efficient and convenient, but I wish it was a bit closer to the airport.
It is nice to have one bus instead of a different bus for each rental car company.

Facile d'accès.

If you are planning to see more than the Strip in Vegas, a car is a must.
Fortunately, the parking in Vegas is pretty easy.
They have a free Valet (just need to tip) and self parking.
The only place I had to pay for a parking was Fremont (but some places give you a money back with validation).
McCarran offers shuttle buses to the rent-a-car center every 5 minutes.
The bus drivers are helpful with your bags too.
The ride is about 7 min.
When I returned the car, I was so happy because I saw a huge traffic going to the airport but none to the rent-a-car center....probably saved me a lot of time.
It took me about 30 minutes to pick up a car (I had a problem with the first car assigned so I went back to change, if not it would have been 10 minutes) and less than 5 minutes to return the car.

I love this place because of the ease of getting there with the quick shuttle from the airport.
McCarran rent a car center is a winner and easy to get to and to get out of to go where ever you are going.
Lots of food places near by to eat something after you get your car.
The freeway is 5minutes away in any direction.

Fast service, free shuttle to location, easy.

Whoever came up with the idea of consolidating the car rental companies in a single location, thus enabling you to just hop on a single shuttle instead of hunting down your car rental company among the throngs of buses is simply a genius.
It is such a simple idea, but after you have been up all night on a plane and have no mental capacity to think, looking for a single shuttle bus labeled "Car Rental" is much welcomed relief.
When you land at McCarran, simply look for the signs labeled "Rent-A-Car" and head on out the doors into the desert heat (or cold, depending on the time of year) and make your way to one of the blue and white (at least I think it was) shuttles which will whisk you to the facility.
Once there, find your rental company and its a cinch to get your car and be on your way...depending on your company of course!
Returning, just follow the signs from the highway to the rental car center and once inside the cavernous garage, follow the signs to your car rental company (Avis and Budget are the first ones).
Take care of the paperwork and then board the shuttle back to the terminal and back on your way home!
Like I said..it's pretty darn easy!
Although, I don't particularly care for that surcharge that is paying for it...oh well, can't get everything I suppose!

When I fly back home to Las Vegas, NV while on Military Leave I always rent a car.
Compared to how renting a car was in the past, consolidating the facility is the best thing they've done.
I go to other cities and wish they had this system.
The bad thing is it's off the airport site, but you take one shuttle and you're there in about 10-15 minutes.
You don't have to hunt down your Rental Car Company's shuttle like at other airport (like LAX) and then try to find your way back to the company's lot.
They have signs on roads and the interstate directing you back to this one place.
If I had to pick one thing bad, it would be something a specific company did, but that is not the Rent-A-Car Center's responsibility.
The facility runs great...find the shuttle, get on, get off, find your rental car company's counter, get your car, check out, and drive...that's all you do; it can't get any easier.
The complicated part is signing the rental car forms.

Nina is dead on in her review.
A few added things:  1.
Free wifi at the rental center.
Go Alamo unless you are feeling risky.
Free wheeled carts to bring your luggage in/out 4.
Didn't spend enough money in Vegas?
Slot machines in here also.
I've flown into a lot of airports and rented a lot of cars, this place is a-okay!

A lot of people come through here because they have all the rental car companies in one area.
This place does a good job at keeping things moving with plety of busses to and from the airport, and people to help guide everyone in the right direction.

One word, national.
We had such good service from national rental, so I'm making sure i'll sing my glorious praises for them.
They didn't make us wait for more than one minute, as soon as we pulled in, they were ready to take the car, as if they knew we were late for our flight.
Thank u, National Rental Car, tile we meet again!

I rent a lot of cars and it's really nice to walk off of your plane and walk to your rental car.
I guess you could do that in Las Vegas but it might take you three days to get to your car as this rental center is located nearly 2,000 miles away.
I think the shuttle bus drove me back to my home!
I wish I knew that I had a rental car center in my backyard!
Ok so I'm exaggerating!
They didn't bring me all The way home!
LOL With that said, they are very efficient.
Handlers are outside on the curb to direct the human cattle into pens where you will wait for a very short time for your shuttle bus.
The rental center is mammoth but they are very efficient.
National had a great selection of Emerald Executive aisle cars.
My return was also very efficient.
I just wish it wasn't so far from the terminal.
Any time you need to deal with a shuttle bus, you are just throwing in another possible wrench into your travel plans.

My first trip to Las Vegas, Nevada was August 2012, so naturally this was my first visit to McCarran Rent-A-Car Center.
After this pleasant experience I am rating them 5 stars!
I am a newly registered Preferred Member of AVIS, so I reserved a vehicle through them online.
I did not reserve a car for the entire stay in LVNV, so I was unable to experience the FREE shuttle service to the Rent-A-Center from the airport ( I had to partake in my first of several "fees" throughout my stay and pay for the $7 shuttle service to Luxor.
) But a FREE shuttle to and fro the McCarran Airport is fantastic!
On the day of my vehicle pickup I arrived one hour early for the fact I was unaware of how crazy things would be revolving around a busy hub such as McCarran.
To my satisfaction I waited in line for a very short period of time.
Having my reservation number in hand and being prepared for the customer service rep made the transaction very easy and fairly quickly.
I would say less than ten minutes I was checked out and headed down to the parking garage where my free premium upgraded chariot awaited my presence.
I know now that with the AVIS Preferred service I will be able to head directly to my car!
(That is capable after they do the first initial check of your 'on-file' credit card.
)  The Center is organized very well.
They have also provide clean restroom facilities and snacking areas for you to consume a wee bit of a snack (just don't confuse the two) before you hit the Strip in your hot rod or jump on the dreaded shuttle back to the airport.

Off site location, the shuttles run constantly too and from so there's little to no wait.
The drivers always help out with luggage which is a plus also.
The rent a car center has check in kiosks so you can retrieve your airline ticket which avoids waits at airport.
It takes around fifteen minutes to arrive to too the rental car terminal.
where you'll find all your rental car companies.

Seven minutes to drop off the car, walk through the exit, and get on a shuttle to LAS.
Prolly would've been less if I hadn't missed the turn in for Thrifty on my first try.
Pick up took a little longer, but only just barely.
I love how efficient this rental center is!
Someone took a lot of care designing the user experience for this area (and the airport in general).
My guess is the casinos footed the bill: the quicker people are in and out here, the quicker they're losing money on the casino floor!
Whatever the case, I wish all airports had this setup.
Maybe they do and I just don't rent cars often enough, but I was impressed.
For those who haven't been, all the major rental companies are in one huge building with a giant garage and entrance lobby with diff desks.
All shuttles come here from the airport, you get off, find your desk and check in, and then go to a certain section of the garage.
They scan your ticket and point you to a row of cars.
You pick any of them, the keys are already inside, and then you mosey on out.
Painless!
(I should note that on the return to the airport, they drop you off to different sections of the terminal depending on the airline.
I wasn't paying attention because I was drafting this review, and got off too early!!
No biggie, but it was an extra five minute walk through hungover bachelorettes that I'd prefer to avoid in the future.
VEGAS!

Had to return to reception area 3 times due to no car in 1st stall, anf wrong car in 2nd stall.
Charged $350 over 2 months after rental with surcharges.
Don't use them.
Total $450 rental for one day.
I was charged $350 on my debit card more than two months after renting the car.
I strongly advise against Hertz.

This place was awesomely organized, and easy to get in and out.
Only reason I can't give it 5/5 is because it is not at the airport.
Not easy to load up everything twice.

Fast and efficient.
THe shuttle was quick to take us to the destination.
I was surprised at how far the rental car place is from the airport but we got there quickly.
The shuttle on the way back to the airport was quick as well.
We rented through Budget and were in and out within about 10 minutes.
The return process was a breeze.

This is going to be short and sweet.
There is a nice selection of rental agencies at this location.
I would look into rewards programs for particular rental agencies like Hertz or Enterprise as it may speed up the process for you.

This review is for ** BUDGET Rent-a-Car ** only.
My experience was at the airport location, so this is where I'll place my review.
If you choose to rent from this Budget location, please have two numbers on speed dial: your attorney, and a therapist who specializes in anger control, because you will be needing both.
My sister's car broke down, and she went to this location to rent one while it was being repaired.
The night before, she reserved the car through Orbitz, during which time she declined additional insurance coverage.
Upon picking up the car, she again was asked if she wanted insurance, and again she declined - also producing her Progressive card to show that she, indeed, had all the insurance she would need.
Everything went swimmingly until she returned the car and received her bill.
They had charged her for insurance.
When she complained that she had declined it, the woman told her that she had to pay her bill, and that if she wanted to fill out an "incident report", she could do so and they would review the security video to find out if she was telling the truth.
In fact, this spiel rolled so easily off her tongue that one would think she says it over and over... hmmmmm   It took over a week and several phone calls from us to find the outcome of the video, which according to them is automatically erased when viewed.
Seriously, this is what they wanted us to believe.
They also said that the video was inconclusive, and they were all set to refuse her claim of a fraudulent charge until we produced the Orbitz confirmation showing that she had denied coverage.
They reluctantly refunded her overcharge because at that point, they knew we actually had proof.
Guys, this is a total scam.
Anyone who wonders if this was just bad luck on our part can read other online reviews for themselves.
No video self-destructs upon viewing, unless you're a covert CIA operative receiving instructions from headquarters.
These people have low prices to lure you in and then charge you for insurance hoping you'll be tired from your trip to Vegas and not in the mood to fight back.
I can't say if this is a company-wide problem, but it's a big problem at the airport location.
Oh, and when she rented the car, her paperwork was in English.
When she returned the car, her charges were all in French.
WTF???

First time here, was surprised to see how big, clean and organized it was.
A shuttle picks you up from the airport and takes you to the Rent a car center.
Get in and choose you car rental service.
i have to say the bathroom was amazingly clean.
typical go to the garage, pick you car and the same for return.
Its nice the shuttles come often.

Dull customer service.
Forces you to get insurance even though we told them twice we didn't want it.
Just took the insurance to make them shut up.
With Insurance it doubled our quote for the vehicle.

This rent-a-car center is very efficient and organized.
I come here pretty often to rent and return rental cars and the process is always very convenient and stress-free.
Each of the rental agencies has their own separate area for rentals and to pick up the vehicles.
Everything is labeled well and it is very easy to locate your vehicle and check out with and return it.
I've never had any problems.
The shuttles to and from the airport run very consistently as well, making the whole rental car process easier.

Everything you dreamed about in rental car hub, speedy, lots o' busses, helpful staff, free carts and gambling!
Only 4 stars because it comes at a stiff price as a fee on your rental car agreement.

The rental center is hit or miss.
My major complaint is the bus service to the center.
Sometimes, I've walked right on to the bus, other times I've had to wait half an hour.
Sometimes the driver will help with the luggage, and sometimes they won't.
Sometimes they almost demand a tip.
But putting all that aside, the center itself is pretty good.
It's well laid out, and easy to figure out where you need to go.
The facilities are kept clean and it's pretty easy to figure out where you need to go.
Will I be back?
Of course I will, I need a car when I travel to Las Vegas!

I booked through Priceline and did not realize that Fox is not part of the main Las Vegas rental car centre...so you get to endure 2 shuttles...one to the main rental car centre then get off that shuttle and move over to the next shuttle that takes you to FOX.
I booked a full-size car...which turned out to be a Chrysler 200....that is at best a midsize.
Typical rental car scam.....or similar means smaller.
The car was not clean and mechanically rough.
I had to fill all the tires with air to get the low pressure indicator to go away.....simply put the price will probably be low.....and you will get what you pay for.....remember you get to ride two shuttles to get back to the airport so leave enough time.

Great idea, this Rent-a-Car center- all car rental companies under one roof, easy to get to, and the staff has things well in hand, directing you to where you need to go.
Buses are quick and frequent.
Efficiency at its finest!

Superb idea!
just great for new visitors, good signage on the roads, easy to find.
my only beef is the shuttle bus driver....very rude....tells you to put you stuff here or there, grab a seat (not the front seat!
), doesn't offer any sort of help.
no customer service at all!
otherwise it was great

This place was awesome!
It's like a little mall for car rentals!
The way everything is set up is pretty fool-proof with the rental agencies in plain view and signs everywhere.
We hopped in a cab to go here, waited in line at an agency, sorted out our business, used their bathroom real quick (which is large and relatively clean - decent enough for those that just landed from the airport), went down to the garage, picked out a car, and -voila- drove off into the sunset.
Easy peasy.
They have a shuttle that goes from McCarran to this center and back.
After you drop your car back off, you can just get onto the shuttle to head to the airport.

I love that all the rental car places are in one spot, but hate that it's not within walking distance from the airport.
The shuttle was not exactly fun.
Anyway, rented from Hertz and got amazing service at 10 o'clock at night when our flight landed.
It was quick, easy, and we were even upgraded to a convertible for free!
Return was equally as easy.
Lots of seats to sit at and wait inside.
Shuttles to the airport were running constantly.
So other than the location, the rent-a-car center was awesome!

No problems.
All went smoothly.

There was an awfully long shuttle bus ride to the center.
I wasn't sure where they were taking us.
:P When we got there, however, everything was fast and easy.

Shuttle to and from the airport.
A brief 6 minute walk from the RTC.
Lots of choices for rental companies.
(Although the lines can be quite a wait since bus loads of people are drop off all at once.
) Free WiFi.
Not too shabby.

This is a truly flawless rental situation.
With all the companies in one place and a very efficient layout, it doesn't get better than this.
If you are being dropped off or picked up by a friend, keep in mind that no private cars are allowed in the garage.
There is a very small, metered parking area in front of the rental center.

The shuttle is available every few minutes but - on friday evenings no matter what the time it takes 20 minutes to board the bus after going through the maze.once on the bus the actual location is OK - with restroom and coffee counter open during the day.
Each of the rental agencies has their own separate area for rentals and to pick up the vehicles.
Everything is labeled well and it is very easy to locate your vehicle and check out with and return it.
I've never had any problems

I love the customer service of Hertz rental car at McCarran.
So far, i've enjoyed the service and the efficiency at the airport.
Hertz is definitely one of the best out here and I would highly recommend their server.

Smooth, fast efficient.
Used Hertz and couldn't be better.
In and out of there in minutes.

This place is unlike any other car rental center I've been to.
Everyone gets herded onto a bus to this mythical rental car center place.
When you arrive, this vast building awaits.
You step inside and it's a bright wide open space with the car rental companies beckoning for your business.
Of course, the smart traveler books ahead online to find the best rate.
I think it was Budget this time.
Head over to your relevant counter in an orderly fashion, but more of a madcap dash!
After the paperwork formality is completed, head over to where the cars are stored, on many different levels with escalators all over the place giving it a slight futuristic look.
It's clean on the inside, well signed to get out and returning was a breeze.
Good idea putting it all in one place offsite.

You grab your luggage and get on to this shuttle that seems to take off every 2 minutes.
I've never waited long to get on this bus, that feels like it's taking me somewhere way more exciting haha.
Because there are so many of them, the shuttle has never seemed packed.
It's a quick and efficient system of getting passengers to a rental car location off site from the airport.
Once there, the building is clean and easy to navigate.
If you don't already have a car reservation, it's easy enough to make one because all of the rental companies are in one place.
If you're heading out of Las Vegas, there's a service that costs a few dollars and they'll have your luggage checked for you.
Pretty convenient if it works right (my luggage once went to Chicago Midway instead of Phliadelphia International... More likely the airline's fault and not the service that took my bags in the first place).
Overall I'm pretty impressed by the ease of the whole operation.

I can only rate 3 stars because it's a rental car center.
Only a 6 minute ride from the airport so location is good.
All but 1 rental car company is located within the confines of this cement jungle.
In Vegas it only makes sense.
I rarely visit the Center as Vegas is unusual to rent cars and most times people can not legally drive due to the amount of blood alcohol in their system.
Serves it purpose.

I'm not a big fan of Rental Car Centers.
The one in Phoenix comes to mind.
It's a 20 minute bus ride just to get to it!
Not so in Las Vegas.
Right around 6-7 minutes on the bus once you're on one.
Leaving the brand new Terminal 3, you may wait up to 30 minutes just to get on the bus.
They don't have the service to the new terminal down pat yet and the buses arrive haphazardly as in none for 20 minutes then three all at once.
If you have carry-on only, there's no need to leave the plane and head to Terminal 3 so jump on the Terminal 1 train and the bus to the rental car center will be there waiting for you.
The center itself is huge, easy to locate upon return, and very new/clean/organized.

Wow!
Great service even though it is still a rental car facility.
Usually, this is the part of the trip I always fear.
We dropped off our rental from Burbank with ease.
It's a little bit of a drive from the main airport, but super easy to navigate!
Once we were inside, they had nice seating areas, clean bathrooms, and more!
We walked right out to many buses waiting (they even have separate busses for each terminal!).
The driver of the bus even loads and unloads your bags.
Definitely one of the better rental car experiences I've had!

SO EASY AN OUT-OF-TOWNER CAN DO IT  The last thing I want to do when I get into town on vacation is wait in a long time.
Or be confused.
Or be confused while waiting in a long line.
Lucky for my husband none of the bad things happened.
We departed from our plane (thanks, Virgin Airlines, for the safe flight!
) Grabbed our overhead baggage and headed out of the terminal to a bus that said "rental car transport".
Three other passengers boarded with us and the driver shut the door, even though we weren't nearly full.
Sweeeet.
I hate waiting.
It wasn't long before we were going through a dark tunnel and my husband made a kidnapping joke.
I started to ponder how easy it would be to kidnap someone: 1) buy a bus; 2) paint "rental car bus" on the side.
Done.
Just at that moment, a prerecorded message sang out from the bus speakers noting that we were almost to the rental center and an additional bus would be available if we didn't find the company we were looking for.
Thrifty Aunto Rental was right up front.
The bus driver helped us with our luggage (on the way there he did - at the end of the trip a different driver was much less helpful).
All in all it was great door to door service.
Err, auto to plane.

VEry efficient-it`s like an aiport for your rental cars!.
Many times to LV and never had a problem here- shuttles are frequent,friendly & efficient both ways.
Free WIfi at this center although I can`t imagine being there long enough to use/need it as you come,go expediently.No slots here.
Rest rooms clean.
Organization from rental counter to the car pretty  smooth.. On a note- I use pretty much all the rental firms without too much loyalty except a good deal.
MOstly national/almo which usually lets you walk to a self serve kiosk.
This time I used Hertz.
I no longer have their gold card.They had no kiosk option.
This meant,going to a person and trying to be `upsold` on insurance,fuel,accessories etc.
Thats old school.
No one should fear the rental being stolen or damaged-they have insurance for that and so do you most likely (check your cc and ins co).
They try to sell you on a price lower than you expect full tank of gas and dont tell you the taxes arent added in and its for a full tank.
Find your lowest priced gas station enroute and fill up-dont prepay!!

I have been to Vegas three times and have rented a car each time, all different agencies.
At the airport, the shuttle is easy to find.
The driver helps to load your luggage.
It's about a 7 minute ride to the Rental Center.
The driver, once again, will assist in getting the luggage off the bus...they actually prefer to so there are not 10 people all trying to get the luggage off at once.
(Please be sure to tip the driver.
) There are plenty of luggage carriers and they are free to use...unlike the airport that charges $5.00.
Once inside, all of the car agencies surround you.
You may have to go to the floor below but there is a large elevator that you can use.
Once you get done at the rental counter, there are signs to get you to the area that your car is in.
The bottom line is FOLLOW THE SIGNS...you won't have a problem.
Same advice for when you return the car.
We have always allowed 2 hours from the time we depart the hotel to our flight time and have always made it.

A very streamlined process.
From baggage claim in terminal 1 you exit door 10, cross a road and there were multiple busses waiting to take people to the center.
All car agencies are in the one center.
The lines were moving slowly but there is a kiosk available - at least with Enterprise - to the right of the queue.
The gas option where you prepay for a full tank and then can return it empty was a good deal at $3.55; I saw gas later on in the city for $3.75.
Once you complete at the kiosk/counter you take a short escalator ride downstairs to the garage.
You walk to your selected companies location and there an employee (at least with Enterprise) walks you to car and you sign the contract.
The process was a bit odd it seemed because the kiosk asked me nothing about insurance - the lady downstairs asked about that after I had already agreed on the kiosk to the payment amount.
Return of the car was easy.
The city has signs up as you get near so you know where to go.
I pulled my car into one of Enterprise's three return lanes and was checked in and given a receipt in fewer than 5 minutes.
You can ride the free shuttle back 7 minutes to the airport.
I don't rent a car often but from when I have I can say this is one of the better set ups.

I've rented cars in 20 states and a dozen countries and this is EASILY the best rental facility i've ever used.
one communal rental bus for all agencies means you never have to weep as the other guy's bus passes your stop.
24 hour service means you're never stuck when you have a late plane.
10 minute shuttle ride from/to the airport means you're not spending your life looking at tarmac.
airline information kiosks let you check-in for flights before you get on the returning shuttle.
(you can also jam money in a slot machine if you feel like you haven't lost quite enough yet.
)  and all this revolves around what has to be the cheapest major city rental cars in the US (i just rented for $32 for two days, including all taxes and fees this past weekened ... i FAR prefer taking a rental car into death valley over one of my own).
as a tourist you can rent a car -even for several days- cheaper than taking a cab.
casino parking is always free and guaranteed at any hotel you stay at.
lines for the valet are always considerably shorter than those for cabs.
in vegas?
rent a car.
save some dough.
save more time.

Located 3 miles away from the airport.
You take a shuttle from the airport very convinient 8-10 rental car companies inside the building so you have a variety to choose from Easy for visitors because most of the big name companies are located under one roof.
Signs everywhere for car return so you cant get lost Will be using this place again if I am ever in vegas

Fast check in.
No lines.
Great experience

Not Honest and Reliable!
Do not rent your car from Budget!
I will give a 0 star if possible.
Their job is not to provide service.
Everyone I spoke to spoke differently about their pick up policy and cancellation policy.
I have rented a car at Budget elsewhere, but Budget Las Vegas is horrible!!!!
I recently had a surgery so I am unable to walk without crutches.
I called Budget to make sure I can schedule a free pick up at Paris Hotel, and I was told that I can schedule a pick up after I make my reservation and have my confirmation number.
After I made my reservation I called to schedule a pick up, and when I finally get to speak to someone I was told that reservation is closed today, and I will have to call tomorrow morning.
They should have told me BEFORE I MADE MY RESERVATION because I need the car tomorrow by 9AM!
I describe the situation and said then I will need to cancel my reservation.
The lady directed my call and I was told that I will be charge a 10 dollar cancellation fee.
Then I was told THERE IS NO PICK UP AVAILABLE, she did not know who told me that.
IT IS ON THEIR WEBSITE!!
Very bad experience, I would rather pay more to rent a car somewhere else because I only deal with honest and reliable people!

2:25pm flight.
Pulled in to this facility (which is not the easiest to find) at 12:48pm.
Uh oh......
Went around to the Dollar section, pulled in, got the car scanned, walked to the shuttle and was at McCarran at 1:10pm.
BOOM!
POW!
Well done, Rent-a-car Center!
A seamless check-out process (I can't speak for all the other companies that are represented there, but I assume they follow the same check out process as Dollar) and a timely shuttle schedule gives you no excuse for missing your flight.
The facility itself has an AC's indoor area and has eateries, but who needs em!
It's a quick in/out.
Leave your rental car worries behind!

Worst car rental ever!!
DO NOT RENT WITH THRIFTY!
There is a reason they are called Thrifty and it is because they WILL rip you off!!
I called to renew my rental and was told they could not find my agreement.
During the same conversation I was told I would not pay any fee for turning my car in "LATE" since they could not find my agreement.
( the woman felt that maybe my rental was made under an incorrect name, obviously not true.
) I was then charged over $50 in fees due to turning my car in late even though I called to renew and the issue was not on my end.
Horrible business!
I planned on renting my car for another month and will be doing so with another company!
RIP OFF!!!!!!!

This particular location for Avis is a disappointment.
It's an airport location, and Las Vegas is a prime travel destination.
If you are a loyal Avis customer, that means pretty much nothing here.
I recommend that you book your car rental through any one of the competitors located within the facility, you will save trouble and significant money.
I'm an "Avis First" member, and generally it means I'll get a complementary upgrade and that the staff at other locations find a way to make things right.
Avis is rarely the cheapest in terms of daily rates, but if you factor in the "free" upgrades it works out nicely.
Unfortunately, this particular location wanted to charge over $800 more for a one-week, one-way rental versus their competition.
Not a typo.
Calling the special Avis First number, they couldn't help as the system doesn't allow them to override the locally-set rates.
After I arrived, I ended up walking up to the counter, just to see if the management on-site could work a deal, but nope.
Best they would do was over double the cost versus Alamo (booked through Southwest).
My total costs are $231, and have a nicely equipped VW Passat for a week, and can drop off in San Diego with unlimited mileage.
That marketing slogan, "We try harder", does not apply to this location.
The customer service lady was very nice, but unhelpful.
And it's not her fault.
The on-site manager was not really willing to put in much effort.
The Avis First program, and customer loyalty is general, is a one-way street here: they are not interested in really working for their customers, but they still want you to put them first!

If I could give NO stars I would.
Worst airport rental center in America

Nice facility, convenient and efficient.
All was good until I watched a genius cleaning urinals.
He sprays the urinal down and swabs it with a brush, without rinsing he swabs down the urinal button!
So let's get this straight, gather up all the splattered urine, nasty crap and a smear it on the urinal controls.

Best idea ever; get me away from the terminal, give me competent employees and a garage that is intrinsically laid out, and get me on the road.
While some may not NEED a car in Las Vegas, if you do need one this is just about the most intelligent way to streamline the process that I can think of.

I like the service from the airport.
Excellent shuttle service, pleasant drivers, smooth ride, a/c and they run every 5 minutes or so.
Too bad most airports don't have this quality of rental car center service.

A ways away from the airport but nicely organized.
Just allow yourself enough time to pickup/drop off your rental since you need to take a shuttle over.

I can't rate any lower than this unfortunately.
I WILL NEVER rent from THRIFTY ever again.
My fiancé left his hat in our rental car.
Realizing this as soon as we got to the airport, I rush back to the rent a center.
Only taking a half hour from when we dropped off the car to getting back there, I talked to the biggest IDIOT, JOSE, who didn't even bother to ask about the hat's description, only the car.
I waited 25 minutes for him to go check the car only for him to come back and ask what color the hat was.
After yelling at him, we spoke to a manager who didn't have the key to the lost and found and the person in charge of it just so happened to be in a meeting.
What a coincidence.
I made a claim with the place and was told I would get a call the next day.
I never did.
I called twenty times and left 6 voice messages.
Always went straight to voice mail.
Why hire people to do a job if they can't even do the simple task of answering a phone.
It's obvious that a worker stole it because the cars go straight to cleaning before going out for rent again.
A worker even admitted that workers steal phones that customers leave behind.
If you don't claim your items after 30 days, they let the workers take what they want.
That's what I was told.
This was a brand new San Francisco hat that is hard to find in the Bay Area where I'm from.
DO NOT RENT FROM THEM.
Workers are rude and careless and get paid to stand around and pick their ass.
Pay the extra money for somewhere else

This place is always clean inside as well as outside,there is a lot of helpful staff here to give you Info if needed, the place is huge,if you are waiting for anything here this is cool  place to people watch,shop or eat.

I am traveling for business very week and I have noticed that despite hertz revenue is growing the quality is service is going down pretty much in every city.
I am gold customer and in Las Vegas when I was running late and asked for a ride, the young boy at the car checkin told me that this service is provided only to platinum customers, really?
I had to run and he didn't bother to hurry to hand me the receipt instead he charged me $12 for additional gas despite I turned in a full tank of gas.
Very unpleasant experience.
One time i came to pick up a car in Milwaukee and it was missing from the stall, I couldn't find manager or anyone.
Another frustration is that deposits always renting with hertz very week I have been given some low types of vehicles which nobody wouldn't want to drive, it will be vehicle with smell of smoke and manager would look me in the eye and say no it doesn't smell, or it would be a van really?
I am single business person, why would I need a van, Hertz?
Or some kind of small sh-ty car... Hertz it's time to get better with your service

Very efficient shuttle service to most rental car companies.
Monkey here often on business lately and so far, such a smooth extension of the airport.
Open 24hrs, this is extremely convenient and won't rent anywhere else!

SO simple!
Most of the rental car companies are in this building and you only have tot take one shuttle from the airport to it.
(However cramped the shuttle may be).
It was especially nice when Thrifty ran out of cars and sent us over to Alamo, who had taken some of their reservations.
Getting the car was fairly easy and the garage was clearly labeled.
Returning the car was easy as well.
Going back to the airport, there are several different shuttle lines, depending on what airline you are flying.
This was a bit confusing at first, but we didn't have to wait for it.

It's been years since we've rented a car while in Las Vegas.
But we decided to as we stayed off the Strip and the hotel casino offered free outdoor parking.
We followed the signs to the car rental shuttle pickup point after baggage claim area at the airport.
Board the car rental shuttle bus.
It's one stop for most major car rental companies.
Takes about 7 minutes.
You're driven to this massive car rental center.
I think it was two or three story high.
Go inside and look for your car rental counter.
After you confirm your reservation you take the escalator up and enter the huge garage.
Follow the signs.
It was very easy.
Drive your car out and make three right hand turns out to the Strip.
Later when you return the rental car and you exit to catch the shuttle back to the airport there's a greeter who will direct you to the dedicated shuttle bus back to your airline terminal.
Very organized and efficient.

Arrived at Dollar rental at 12:40 am.
There were about 40 people waiting in line and only 3 employees.
Of course, employees are allowed to take breaks per state law and they sure took their breaks.
After a 2.5 hour wait, I finally got a vehicle (not the minivan that I reserved) which was too small for my party (Jeep Liberty).
I eventually got a refund due to the higher rate that I paid for the minivan.
My flight from Chicago was faster than this process which took place after 1:00 AM with my kids.
Leadership should have planned for this surge in customers and staffed accordingly.

Pushiest sales guy ever.
I will go out of my way to never rent from them again.
He was adamant that I needed a larger car and would not take a no for extra insurance.
I did not buy extra insurance!

I've used the rental facility once or twice since it opened, and it's fine but nothing too exciting.
Would have been nice to see them build all of the rental car business IN the airport like they do at some airports.
I arrive on a Friday night and had to wait 15-20 minutes in line for the rental car shuttles.
Not sure if that's a regular Friday night thing or not, but I felt held hostage as the cab lines were probably longer.
On my return, the shuttle had to take a detour and the driver seemed a little confused... not what you want in a shuttle driver!

For those now aware, there are no rental cars available right at McCarran airport.
Instead, the bulk of the rental car companies are all housed here - a short shuttle ride from the airport.
It's a nice, well-maintained facility - restrooms, drinks, etc.
are all available.
And it's relatively easy to navigate.
Compared to most other rental car areas I've been in, this one is top-notch.

I really wish this was attatch the the air port, but they didn't ask me.
It is a short bus ride from the airport, easy to navigate.
The man who drove the bus practically demanded a tip "Hey you'd tip your waitress!
" is what he shouted at all of us as he was slinging our luggage around.
I snickered and walked off.
I loved my rental car, the upgrade was free with military ID and well worth it.

What?
This exists?
A "rental car center" filled with banks of slot machines.
Anybody gambling here has real issues.
Do not come to vegas to blow your wad of cash at the rental car center.
Save that for a fine establishment such as a 7-11 that is loaded with slot machines.
You really can't go anywhere in vegas without seeing a slot machine; including the rental car center.
Other that being separate from the airport, this place is clean, efficient, and easy to get in/out of.
It just blows my mind that they have slot machines in the rental car place.
I guess if you hit the jackpot you'll be upgrading from an economy to a mid-size... Might even get the insurance.
haha

This was like being an airport for cars.
Nice huge space with slot machines available, of course.
Getting here is by shuttle bus from McCarran airport about a 10 minute trip I'd say.
Service is quick and efficient with Enterprise.
My friends husband made all the arrangements to get us in and out of there.
Cars are in the back parking garage, check you in and you're off!
It almost seemed way too easy and quick.
I wouldn't hesitate with renting a car out here, if the service is always this convenient.
Returning the car was even faster and easier.
Take yourself out of the car and grab your bags.
It seems like as long as they don't see a major dent on the outside then you're good to go.
By the way, we had a Hyundai to drive around in.
I'm not familiar with Hyundais, but it was a good enough ride for Vegas.
Great experience.

Again, an absolutely fantastic travel experience.
This time EVERYONE stepped up and made this a great trip.
The shuttle was on time and efficient.
The driver was pleasant and helpful.
The staff at Avis (checking in and returning the car) were friendly and efficient.
No complaints at all.
Sometimes, just picking up the rental car can start the weekend off right.

Get the fast track service if your rental car co allows it I ordered through enterprise and they don't offer that feature I got a great rate by reserving through Costco!

We have used Dollar for years and love the ability to pick up 24 hrs a day at this location.
We used Dollar weekly for work and became express rewards members as no line waiting straight down to the car....Recently, they have no cars!
We reserved a midsize for middle of the night and were told we had to take a 7 passenger suburban or come back in a couple hours....im just curious what i make reservations for?
What happened Dollar, you use to be so great!

Been coming here for years now and this RAC has the ops down like a well oiled machine.
From them buses to the counters to the cleanliness of the facilties there's really not much to fault here.
Even the returns are real easy.
Most of the other reviews on here go through the actual routine so I won't bore you with the details.
I still think SFO is the best in the business, if only because of their automated shuttle that takes you to the RAC.
But the buses are efficient here and there are so many of them that I rarely had to wait longer than 5 min every time I had to use this.
Be sure to tip your drivers!
This is, after all Las Vegas.
And I agree, there really shouldn't be any slot machines here.
Whoever uses those machines really needs to check them selves into an addiction clinic.
Oh and one more thing, its quite a hassle to rent from a company not located at this RAC.
Those other companies might save you a few bucks, but I wouldn't do it.
Viva Lost Wages!

HUGE line because they spend so much time trying to con people into purchasing additional ....EVERYTHING.
I was told that the pre-pay gas was such a great deal and he purposely led me to believe that I would only pay for what I used....Totally tricked!!!!!

THIS REVIEW IS ABOUT PAYLESS CAR RENTAL IN LAS VEGAS.
They may have good prices, but they will flat out lie to you... there are too many car rental places to go to, where you won't get taken.
Rented 2 cars there this week.
Paperwork was time consuming.
At the end, we were given a bill that was over $200  more than it was supposed to be.
Jessica, the representative, told us the "laws in Nevada changed", and that the insurance was now mandatory.
SHE LIED!!
After multiple phone calls, more wasted time, and having to drive back down to resign our contracts over again, we got our money back for the insurance....
Nothing for the wasted time, extra gas, and aggravation.
We were only there for 4 days, but all this took up about one third of it!!!
Before I resigned the contract, I told the manager I could not get there that day, as I was about an hour away, and couldn't come back down there.
She woke me up @ 7:30AM the next morning, saying if I didn't get down there, she was going to have to charge me for the insurance I didn't want...
They also put a hold on your credit card of $350, which I wasn't aware of.
She said she was doing us a favor by only putting a $200 hold on each of us, because we were renting 2 cars.
I just looked up payless on the internet, and all negative reviews came up, but what was interesting, was "Jessica" was actually mentioned in another review, as to how she lied to them about the charges... That review was over a year ago, and she is still working there, ripping people off....What a shame.... Be careful out there!

I call this the nightmare that won't end.
Hertz car rental at the airport is the worst rental car service I have ever used.
This isn't the first time.
On friday night April 11 I was traveling with my 4 year grand daughter.
I had prepaid for a two day rental at Las Vegas McCarrron.
I had a sinking feeling when Hertz was selected by my prepaid provider from prior experiences .
I have been told in the past that Hertz was Rotten Company with No Morals and Terrible business practices.
I took a chance based on price.
Bad move.
There were approx.
30 other people in line with pre paid cars from various providers and NO CARS for any of us.
Because the Big Fight was in town.
Hertz opted to withhold all cars and rent them to fight fans for TOP DOLLAR.
I only paid 20 dollars a day.
Some people with no reservations were willing to pay 60.00 per day.
The manager Eduardo Sandoval was Useless at best.
He was apologetic  with no explanations or suggestions and refused to give anything in writing.
HERTZ LEFT US STRANDED IN THE LAS VEGAS AIRPORT.
No offer of assistance, no comps, no nothing.
I will never never ever do business with HERTZ or its sister companies DOLLAR and THRIFTY.
I would love to see Hertz go out of business and go the way of the Do-Do.
They probably wont.
I do know which finger they use when they say "WE'RE #!".
I have other Hertz stories but I'm all done here.
Peace Out

This review pertains to Budget Rental only.
I rented a car for my stay in Las Vegas.
While in Las Vegas I reserved another car for pick up to drive to California upon drop off of my original rental.
During the drop off inspection the staff was very rude, snappy and unpleasant.
After I dropped off my first rental I went to the counter to get my second car.
I was told "sorry we don't have any cars" even though I made a reservation.
I was forced to purchase a plane ticket which cost an extra $200.
I will never rent a vehicle from Budget again.
Do not do business with these people.

This really is a great idea!
The shuttle is wheelchair accessible and a quick ride to/from the airport.
One stop renting with knowledgeable, friendly staff that make the tedious, annoying process livable.
I just wish they had better refreshment options.

Q: How much does this centre tack on in fees for each rental driven off of its grounds?
A: Too much.
(15$ for a four-day I believe.
Basically, double your rental rate when taking into account facility, license, access, state/rental tax fees.
)   Q: How many of the companies operating out of the McCarran Rent-a-Car centre (MRCC) are despicable, incompetent crooks?
A: All of them I have patronised so far, in one way or another.
Q: What is the cleanest thing you will find on all of their grounds, curtilage and vehicles included?
A: The restrooms, surprisingly.
Their porters might be the only ones remotely competent at this whole outfit.
Q: How can the problems of MRCC be corrected?
A: Implosion.
That is all.
Postscript.
Individual reviews by company: Dollar http://www.yelp.com/biz/dollar-rent-a-car-las-vegas-4?hrid=R-rmGfTkH6rtqL-7knwssg  E-Z http://www.yelp.com/biz/e-z-rent-a-car-las-vegas-3?hrid=NtdsLR9aZ_CIT_NGzqwPkA  Firefly http://www.yelp.com/biz/firefly-car-rental-las-vegas?hrid=TDz5iXPNH75mm-qR6UOp2w  Fox (run off-site, so the facility fee is not accessed; shuttles can be boarded at the MRCC for a ride to LV Blvd and Pebble) TBD  Hertz http://www.yelp.com/biz/hertz-rent-a-car-las-vegas-12?hrid=EyE86VHqwcmaad8kAw19Lg  Payless http://www.yelp.com/biz/payless-car-rental-las-vegas-3?hrid=vyVhIPu50Vu-yupGTiNUXw  Thrifty http://www.yelp.com/biz/thrifty-car-rental-enterprise?hrid=UjM0D30vndo9iht3zofTqQ

Went to get my car reservation at  Las Vegas.
Reviews said to be wary.
I hope you are as well.
Despite a sign saying cars are available, I was informed that I would have to wait 20 min for my car after card had been run.
I asked what I was waiting for and the response was " to clean, fuel, and inspect the car for my safety.
"  Since I had  made alternate reservations  based on the reviews I asked that my contract be canceled and be given a receipt showing no charges were incurred.
That caused  the agent at the desk to call some one to find out how to do so.
While this was happening, the other agent offers a minivan in place of my economy reservation.
I said that would be fine as long as the rate was the same.
At that same time, a walk up customer came up asking about a 3 day rental and that same agent that offered the minivan said yes, we  have a minivan available.
I was thinking that she was going to give him the vehicle she just offered to me to make more money.
The agent I initially spoke with completed my paperwork and I went to the parking garage to get the vehicle.
I counted no less than 12  vehicles, mostly smaller cars, parked in e z rent a car spaces ready to go.
I was given the keys and asked to inspect the vehicle.
What a scratched up vehicle.
Sad they rent such a thing.
Dodge grand caravan.
Lady at that station was very pleasant and friendly.
Best part of the rental.
Ask before you give credit card if the car is actually ready or will it be a while.
Not sure why a company would make you wait when vehicles are actually ready.
I guess they want to pressure you to an upgrade to get you going right away.
Can't beat the rate but you can beat the underhanded tactics.

I love that this is the central station to rent a car  but being first timers, we didn't know who to choose.
We decided on Hertz.
Came here around 2 am and the rep who helped us then was very nice.
We had our hearts set on an Infiniti but settled for a Camry instead and the rep had a lot of knowledge of all the different cars.
Because we didn't know that our insurance covers the rental, they charged us an arm and a leg.
So we came back for the second time to do some changes and the rep who assisted us with that was just downright rude.
She has no customer skills whatsoever and she talked down on us and looked at us stupidly.
Like we were wasting her day w the questions we asked her.
Anyway, the company is great and some of the reps are too.
The station is a great idea and Hawaii needs to adopt this method also.

Always a long wait, low inventory, and the cars on average have a lot of mileage and smell like cigarette smoke.
It's amazing that Hertz always has multiple work stations but only staffs about a third of them at airport locations while the lines are long.

We rent from 2 budget locations several times a month.
We always prepay and book on line.
Because to know what u prepaid these guys always try to tack on fees for insurance you did not select.
The only reason we still go here is they have best prices.
Be sure to double check your bill before you walk away.

One stop rental location for all your needs.
Shiny new facility that handles all the major car rental carriers.
Dollar Car Rental rocked!
Super cheap.
Nice car.
In and out in minutes.
Plenty of air conditioned shuttle buses to the airport that are also wheelchair accessible.
They run every few minutes back and forth.
Heck, if you're that gambling obsessed there are even slot machines in here.
Plenty of seating and even snacks for purchase.
If you're playing slots in a car rental facility you really have a problem.
Get some therapy quick!
Shuttle drivers and friendly and will help loading and unloading luggage.
It's about three miles from the airport but the ride is really quick.
Bright and clean facility.
What's not to like?

This huge off-airport centers serves all the car rental companies with constant shuttles.
There is even a set of slot machines in center area.
We used Dollar/Hertz for a one week rental and found we had gambled and lost.
The car broke down just 30 minutes before we returned in and we were stuck in 104 degree heat out in the desert.
Thankfully there was a truck stop we were able to get to.
We called Dollar emergency roadside assistance.
The lady said she would call the Las Vegas Dollar to bring us a new car.
It took her ONE HOUR to get them to answer the phone.
We tried calling at the same time and only got busy signals and voice mail.
We tried Dollar's customer service line only to discover that office was closed at 4 PM on a weekday.
After three hours, a tow truck finally showed up with a new car on the back and exchanged with us.
With that kind of service in an emergency, we'll rent elsewhere next time.

I love the shuttles from the airport as they are continuously running and you never have to wait for the next.
The facilities is clean and easy to rent a car and get in & out of.
Overall, a good experience here.

This review is for the customer service agent who rented our car to us.
From the start, he was unprofessional, unfriendly, rude and just a plain liar.
He did not smile once and I could tell he was either racist or just didn't like us.
His name was Jerome.
After explaining all the stuff they usually do, he told us we had to bring back a receipt within 10 miles stating how much we paid for our gas and whether or not the tank was full.
REALLY?
Didn't know it was our job to have to prove we filled up the gas tank.
Thought it was the person who received our car's job to check if the gas was full?!
I questioned him and he went on to tell us that gas is $4.07 where he filled his.
I asked him what cars he had available for us.
He said he didn't know and with an attitude.
So he talked to us like we were dumb and said look for the people in the orange jackets.
So that's exactly what we did.
A woman gave us our choices.
We picked one and then she argued with us saying that the key was already in the car.
It was nowhere in sight.
Then the next guy said the same thing.
We looked and looked.
The key was NOT in the car.
Finally he tried to look for us but he couldn't find it either.
So he gave us another car.
It was time for us to look for scratches and dents.
We found a lot of scratches so we wrote them all down.
The only cool person was the gentleman who checked us out.
He actually told us to enjoy our trip.
And every gas station we passed, listed their prices under $4.

Nice facility.
None of the rental agencies had much of a line except Dollar, which was HUGE and SLOW.
Would give more stars to the Center if they would shut down the scandalous raquet conducted by Dollar's lackeys both at the counter and in the parking lot.
(See terrible reviews for Dollar.

Had a great experience after returning my bad experience with dollar rent a car.
Manny helped us out and was very good and gave us excellent customer service.
The car we received was brand new and I'm just hoping to return it in the same condition as they gave it to us.

Always great service, the best part is all the Rental companies are under the same roof.
Just beware it get extra busy so be prepared for lines and waiting for shuttle service

clean and easy to get to.
The shuttle takes 7 mins got picked up I'm the middle street.
Well air conditioned shuttle and the rental car building is very clean.

We used Hertz and we originally had picked up our car from the John Wayne Airport and on our way to Vegas our car wouldn't go past 40MPH.
So I called the road side and they told us to try and make it to the Vegas airport.
So we did make it to the Vegas airport 6 hours later.
It was a nightmare actually finding the rental place because the signs are not very good at directing you to the right location.
When we arrived the people at Hertz were beyond RUDE.
They were mad at us because we couldn't fill up the gas tank.
We informed them that we were afraid to turn the car off and not be able to turn it back on.
So we called the manager and she quickly got us into a new car and waved the gas fee.
Seriously I know that this is their job to inform us about the rules but they are no damn rude and unaccommodating.
I will NEVER rent from hertz again.

