Hooray!
A new place to eat great food!
How can you not want that?
I had the god fortune to get t watch this diner built from the get go.
I have gotten to know the managers and the staff, all of which rock.
These guys are doing an amazing job.
I had never eaten at a Pei Wei prior to this one opening and have to say I'm now hooked!!
I have tried almost everything on the menu and have yet to find something that I didn[t like.
The food is always hot and fresh and ready when they tell me it will be.
Parking is a bit of a problem, but with Starbucks Coffee literally right next door, it's worth the trouble.
This place definately puts yummy in your tummy!

Probably the best all-around every-day restaurant in Phoenix.
It offers all 4 points: good food, great price, healthy choices, and fast service.
And for those of us who live in downtown Phoenix...We finally have a place that stays open more than 20 hours a week!
Thank you God, for giving us Pei Wei!
And to all those other establishments in the downtown area that are only open Monday - Friday 11am-3pm, let Pei Wei be an example to you.
There are people living down here, and we will come out and eat at restaurants that offer good food at good prices and stay open!!

This place is way beyond average..Chop n Wok or Flo's is a must go.
If you have to have Pei Wei eat there and try something with scallops for a change

I feel bad for giving this chain location a good review, especially after displacing Emerald Lounge and Wings n Things.
That said.... it's down the block from my house, it's tasty and fresh, better than a couple local neighborhood non-chain places, and it's relatively healthy and fast.
A good mix.

I think it's funny how a lot of people think this place is "healthy".
If only they knew...
This place is alright.
Once you've had a fair share of their menu it all starts to the taste the same.
However, it is inexpensive, consistent, and a great place to go if it's a weekday night and you're just looking for a quick, relaxing bite.
Also, this location's atmosphere blows all others out of the water.
The floors and ceilings are amazing.
Come here for dinner, though.
Lunch during the week is outrageous, and good luck finding a parking spot in the ridiculously small parking lot Pei Wei and Starbucks share.

The Pei Wei on the corner of McDowell and 7th Avenue is always packed at lunch...go at 11:30 or not until well after 1 pm.
The parking lot is tiny and narrow, but we discovered today that they don't tow at Zoe's kitchen, so you could try their lot if need be.
We decided to brave Pei Wei today at the height of the lunch crowd (shortly after noon) and the line was out the door.
However, in about ten-fifteen minutes we ordered, paid and were seated at a table.
I've been to this Pei Wei quite a few times with co-workers and I loved the lemon pepper chicken dish.
I always ordered it; ate a little over half and was completely full.
The chicken was tasty and the flavor was perfect.
For that alone, I would have given Pei Wei four stars.
But then my experience today occurred...no more lemon pepper chicken!
They took it off the menu!!!!!
So instead I ordered the Asian Chicken Chopped Salad...it was just OK.
It was large with lots of chicken, but I didn't care too much for the sesame-vinegarette dressing...something about the flavor was off to me and I just can't put my finger on exactly what it was.
I'm not sure how eager I am to return to Pei Wei now that they got rid of my favorite thing on the menu!
The best thing about this Pei Wei is that it offers great people watching and at times can be a whos-who in state government.
So if that interests you and you are nosy, you may overhear some good gossip!

This is a nice addition to the neighborhood.
They were able to take an existing building and preserve it, featuring the original brickwork and beams.
The building is shared with a Starbucks.
Pei Wei is no great shakes but there are not a lot of options in an area where everything opens for lunch and then closes at 3.
The potstickers are quite good, I like the Pei Wei Spicy Beef.
My wife tends to order the lettuce wraps, but has been disappointed with the quality of the lettuce at least once.
All of our visits here have been for carryout.
They handle phone orders very efficiently.
Parking is problematic here.
There are a couple of spots reserved for carryout but they are not respected.
There have been a couple of times when it looked like I might have to park across 7th Ave in the antique store, but I have been lucky so far.

Perhaps you know that guy who likes to talk in "quotes".
Well, he would definitely be at home at Pei Wei, and especially at this location.
Set in Phoenix's "historic district" Pei Wei is supposed to represent a sign of "urban renewal" for the city's core.
It's wedged on a very small parcel of land at the southwest corner of McDowell and 7th Avenue.
As alluded to it's "parking lot" causes one to draw lots...because there's no guarantee of finding a space if you fancy eating a meal other than breakfast or dinner here.
Nevertheless, the restaurant's architecture embodies a bit more "character" than one might be used to Arizona.
Free-standing, it favors a "sophisticated" and "historic" look with brick-lined interiors.
Inevitably, there will be a prodigious line awaiting you (and your money).
This is actually a benefit to you trying to read the "menu' posted on boards along the entry-way.
The selections are all "Asian fusion" which defies description probably as much as the term "electability".
Don't be fooled, there is little or no guarantee that any person of Asian descent got within miles of providing any contribution to your meal.
Nevertheless, the food has been carefully calibrated to appeal to the "fast casual" palette.
And adhering to the mantra of "fast casual", you'll find all the service quality of Souplantation.
You order your food, you take your number, they give you a table, they drop off your food and they take away your tray.
This "forward-looking" and "innovative" human resource strategy doesn't seem to solve the wait for your food, but it probably does keep costs down.
The spectre of "gentrification" tends to raise prices...but in this regard Pei Wei still appeals to the rapidly disappearing "middle class".
It's not possible to match the "value" of say In-N-Out here, but you can eat for under $10 easily.
And even though the company has lost the role of culinary "vanguard" to say, Pinkberry, it's still one of the better options for lunch in the shadow of downtown.

With all the mediocore to scathing reviews, I've always said No Way to Pei Wei.
I ordered for pick up and had a very friendly, helpful, if not Jeff Spicoli sounding, employee help me with my first ever Pei Wei experience.
At 9pm on a Thursday night there was plenty of parking and I found the little Pei Wei place to be 1/4 full and actually a nice looking room.
The surly person (manager type) who rung up my order, must have had to much MSG as he was irritable and I must say a bit puffy.
But most importantly, after devouring our take out, Rickie and I voted four thumbs up (that's two thumbs for each of us, times two, carry the one...well you get the idea) for three of the four items.
So spring rolls, potstickers and Korean beef....you'll soon be hanging with us again soon.
Pad Thai?
Yea.
You're not invited.
Unless you can sauce it up a bit and find it in your heart to bring along more tofu and veggies.
But I'm not counting on it.
Pei Wei?
Yes way for this gay!
OK!

"Hi, may I take your order?
" blah blah blah I order Then, I feel like they should have said: "Would you like some food to go with that sodium?
" Gross.
Couldn't even eat it.

I pretty much don't care for any location of Pei Wei, but I'm reviewing this one as my office occassionally orders from this location.
I don't totally loathe Pei Wei (hence the two stars), but if I had a choice to eat there I wouldn't.
Anytime I have gotten chicken lettuce wraps from here they are always very greasy.
Their wonton soup is pretty much broth with a couple of wontons.
The blazing noodles are ok, but are a bit too spicy for me.
The worst thing about this location is their teeny tiny parking lot.
You can rarely ever find a parking space here.
You can park around the corner in the neighborhood or across the street at the antique shop.
If you plan to eat here on your lunch break from work good luck to you.
You're better off getting take out.
This place is so packed during the week for lunch you could probably spend your entire lunch hour and more waiting.

LEMON PEPPER IS BACK!
I don't know when it got re-introduced on the menu, but this seriously made my day.
Just for that, I am bumping this Pei Wei up to 4 stars.
Quick service even when the line is out the door; friendly service; and delicious lemon pepper chicken.
Pei Wei can now officially be added back to our lunch rotation.

The building is very much an improvement for the neighborhood.
It looks good but one might have a hard time finding parking during high hours.
It did not take long to get our order taken by a gently speaking man.
We each ordered a different dish and we all enjoyed that which we ate.
I never mind if food fits or not a particular set thought, such as being Asian.
If it is good is all that matters to me, it was all very fresh and well presented.
So once again I had a very pleasant lunch with friends.

My wife and I have gave them two chances.
I wish we hadn't.
Both times the food tasted...off.
I won't hasten to guess the reason of the "offness", but I had to stop eating the food both times for fear of becoming ill.

After spending a year in Asia, I understand that Pei-Wei is not authentic.
It boasts extremely americanized asian food.
This is an awesome place if your getting take out or dining alone.
I would avoid large groups.
Pei-Wei is what I call a Hybrid Restaurant.
You order as you walk in, and receive your drink from the cashier.
You fill your beverage and have a seat.
The waitress brings you your food.
You will not get a paper cup.
You will eat off of real plates with real utensils.
If you need a refill, just ask!
Staff is more than happy to help.
It is very low maintenance and quick.
The management team is superior, the are always available.

Just because i feel like doing something different.
:P i'm just going to paste some song lyrics that i feel sum up Pei Wei on McDowell...

I was kinda hungry, and on my way out for NYE, and decided to pick up some dinner to keep the stomach quiet.
I decided on pei wei, and enjoyed my experience.
I guess its supposed to be a low key version of PF changs, and the food and decor was just as nice as the PF changs resturants.
Service was quick, location was clean, dinner was tasty.
I got the sweet and sour chicken, and the servings were huge!
I was expecting some kind of comprimise on serving size, for whatever reason, but clearly this was not the case.
I enjoyed my experience here, and would probably return if I was in the area and looking for a reliable place to eat.

i wish i could find another place that made a dan dan noodle bowl (besides pf changs), until then, pei wei will just have to do.
extra sauce and bean sprouts, please.

My brief review in haiku form:  Cheap PF Chang's fix.
Better than Panda Express You can get beer here.
Thank you.

I swung by here a little while back on super bowl sunday.
It was the only Thai place open after 9pm.
Nice.
They have a nice east asian fusion menu with plenty of spice and brown rice to boot.
Prices are spot on.
Plenty of room for parking, dining-in and chatting it up.
The Pei Wei has my vote.

I don't even care about authenticity issues.
I'd eat a sushi filled with a taco if it was delicious.
the food here is just criminally bland.

This is like a fast food asian type of spot.
Its pretty good for what it is.
Stopped by here one day because it was close to a golf course that i wanted to play at.
Think i had the lemon pepper chicken, it was good.

The food is Okay.
Not great, not terrible.
But I think for what they are charging it should be better than okay.
Also the tofu tastes wierd.
I think it could use more flavoring.
The orange chicken is very spicey, almost too spicey to not even enjoy it.
The sweet&sour is good.

Pei Wei helped to prevent me from making a total ass of myself last night after a day of drinking off and on since noon.
We found ourselves at SideBar and I was mixing drinks.
Not the smartest thing to do after taking it light for eating lunch.
But, I'm prone to making bad decisions so rarely surprise myself.
I ordered the crab-stuffed wontons and edimame, took that back upstairs and both helped take the edge out of my hunger pangs.
Enough to have another cocktail!

Pei Wei makes me sad.
Sad because it is literally the ONLY "Chinese" food a downtown resident of the 5th largest city in the country can get for lunch on a lazy hungover Sunday afternoon.
:-(

This location is on my list!
Let me give you a rundown of what happened last week.
Keeping in mind I have been to this location many times and have had a great experience.
We were hungry, didn't know what to get so we did the old standby and went to Pei Wei.
We went in, place our order:  -Pei Wei Spicy Chicken Salad -Thai Dynamite Chicken with brown rice -Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls.
We were handed a buzzer (#8) because we were taking it to-go and were told the order will be about 10 min.... 15 min passed and I thought wow this is taking awhile, but I didn't want to be pushy so we waited, and waited, and waited and at 20 min, I looked at a table of people that placed their order after us.
They were enjoying their meal... WHAT THE....?!?!?!
So I walked over and said, "excuse me we haven't been buzzed and the people that placed their order after us seem to be enjoying their meal.
"  She looked over at a bag just sitting on the counter (for God knows how long) and laughed and said in a "giggly voice" can I get you chop sticks or forks.
I thought to myself, it's not EVEN worth getting mad, just leave...
So I said both please, and left.
Meanwhile we get to our destination, open our bag to:  - Coconut Curry Chicken - a container with a plain salad - a container of chicken that goes in a lettuce wrap - Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls(that looked like they were rolled by a waffle cone maker.
-and a sack of condiments.
WHAT THE.....?!?!?!?!
So I am LIVID at this point, but my partner makes the call, because I would probably reach through the phone at this point.... Everything was resolved over the phone.
Unfortunately, for us our dinner experience did not meet our expectations on any level...
I have been here when this manager  was working before.
I remember him being extremely helpful, very nice, and really knows his customer service.
Unfortunately, I think it was a result of one person that completely ruined my experience.
It will be some time before I go to this Pei Wei again.

For the price the food is great value, portions are good and the staff are very pleasant.
Great thing is you can finish off your meal with a Starbucks from next door.

Good value, good location, good prices.
But whoa!!
you guys in the kitchen ... take it easy on the sugar!
I do have a sweet tooth, but I prefer to have my sugar in my desserts, not in my entrees!
I've eaten here many times, mainly because my swim team comes here often after evening swim practice, and I've ordered different things each time.
And almost every dish I ordered seemed to have sugar as one of the main ingredients.
I guess they figure that's what the American palate expects in food, even Asian food.

It is what it is.
I like this Pei Wei (WARNING) just do not come here between 1115am-1230pm unless you want to wait for the business crowd.
Its  a favorite location due to being so close to starbucks and right off of 7th ave.
Parking is terrible during these hours also.
If you do want to come here for lunch during your work day I would suggest try getting here at 11am at least you wont have to wait long.
I usually call in and go pick it up if I cant make the 11am window.
The food is good.
As good as pei wei gets.
Its always fresh and the taste and texture is what I would expect.
My favorite is probably the curry chicken.
I ask for extra spicy.
The pot stickers are awesome too they are deep fried though.
They have this chilli sauce by the soda fountain that is killer.
I love it.
Overall I would say not a family friendly place during lunch hours but anytime after the lunch rush is good.
Get your Pei Wei on.

Pei Wei is one of my lunch destinations.
I usually order Orange Peel Tofu and Vegetables or The Spicey Korean with Tofu.
The portions are huge and I usually get brown rice as my choice of rice.
Pei Wei is fast.
The orders come out of that kitchen very quickly.
Their ice tea is excellent.
You can choose from Mandarin Orange or Chai.
They have sliced oranges and lemons for tea.
(A nice touch)  Three stars people.

Yes this is a chain created by Paul Flemming, however the food is decent, there are many vegetarian choices and this location adds a bit of local flavor to the chain's formula.
On my last visit I opted the the yellow curry Thai noodles with tofu.
First i would like to say is that the Tofu at Pei Wei is some of the best, it is firm and has a skin with a different texture than the bulk of it.
The noodles were standard floppy wide  rice noodles with with some veggies.
the sauce did lack the punch you would get from a genuine Thai place however.
Some other nice things about this chain include: *Order at the counter format: save on the tip *Self serve fountain drinks: Faster refills impress the date by getting them for her * Many condiments: Spice the meal to taste.
*All you can eat fortune cookies: Don like your fortune?
Try another!
Parking here can be a bit of a challenge, but you can park on the next residential block south of here.
There also is only one menu, so lunch prices can be a bit steep, crossing the $10 line.

Good food for lunch, but I would not eat dinner here.
I like the almond chicken, the cashew chicken and broccoli beef.
Avoid the white rice.
It is not as good for you as the brown, and Pei Wei tends to leave it in the pot too long after it is cooked.
Which means my white rice was mushy and crunky at the same time.
Bleagh!
Fast service from the time of order to the plate-slam on the table.
Get in, get full, get out.
This place is about 6 blocks north of the 7th Ave. exit from I-10, so it is possibly a rest stop for the through traveler going somewhere else.

I'm not too ashamed to admit that I actually *like* Pei Wei.
Of course, this is also my favorite location due to the building they are in.
It's a historic adaptave reuse that they really did a great job with.
The menu is great because they really offer crowd pleasing food (uninteresting) at pretty fair prices.
I spend less on take out here than if I go to China Chili, and the portions are about the same.
They also give me the option of having brown rice which is great.
Their mongolian beef I'm quite sure is filled with meth or crack or something.
It's a very addicting flavor, and helps to make sure you get your years worth of sodium that day.

I know it's greasy.
I also know that whenever I eat it, I get a feeling in my stomach like I swallowed a rock.
Chinese food is supposed to be greasy, but there's often something a little off about Pei Wei.
So why the 3 stars?
Because they have the most incredible, firm, flavorful tofu ever.
It's not a nice dark skin around it and it takes on the flavor of their oh-so-sodium-filled sauces without becoming a soggy mess.
It really is tofu perfection.
I also appreciate their awesome to-go options (order online or on your mobile browser) and the fact that they notate on their menu (with a leaf) which options are vegetarian.
This place isn't the best Chinese ever, but I think it's decent if you're looking for something fast and very vegetarian-friendly.

I love Pei Wei because I love any restaurant that has a #glutenfree menu.
However, unlike it's BFF PF Changs, this restaurant has very limited choices for their GF menu.
I stick to the sweet and sour chicken.
I usually order with extra vegetables and light sauce (the sauce is a bit intense).
I also get the edamame.
Seriously, I miss the crab wontons more than I miss bread.
They JUST started offering #glutenfree soy sauce (tamari) packets!
HOORAY PEI WEI!
BUT this restaurant gets a 3-star review (honestly a 3.5) because of the AWFUL PARKING LOT.
Add 10 minutes to your destination to drive around the small parking lot if you want a close spot - OR - park in the SE corner behind the antique mall and walk over.
Also, the patio is great to sit at, but there's a big pigeon problem.
They'll attack your food if you let them!
I always get to-go here and it's usually pretty decent.
Today they a) gave me the wrong meal in my to-go bag and I had to call and ask them to come out and exchange my meal.
However, when I got back and opened up the to-go container, they had forgotten the extra vegetables I requested.
MAKE SURE you check what you're getting to-go, especially if you are #glutenfree!

A great place to grab a bite if you're out of time and happen to be downtown.
Notable dishes which I recommend are the Spicy Korean and Tai Mango Chicken.
I mean if you really wanted to try something spicy, healthy and delicious, you wouldn't be gnarling those Big Macs, would you?
Plus, Zoe's is just going to take forever and I don't think you want to eat at a greek IKEA.
- Time is but an illusion--lunch time, doubly so - Do tai chi or yoga before you find a parking spot - Grab as many fortune cookies as you can without feeling guilty

If you are in the working vicinity of 7th Ave & McDowell Rd and have a craving for cheap and tasty ASIAN, this is the spot to grab lunch during M-F.    First off, it is faaaar from being authentic Asian.
The menu comprise of Chinese, Japanese, and Thai inspiration.
For a full meal with drink, the average cost is $9-10.
The 'Noodle and Rice Bowls' is going to be your bang for your buck dishes.
My favorites are Pad Thai and Fried Rice.
Very tasty!
No matter how big my appetite is, I always end up boxing it later, but it'll make a great snack later!!
:)  My other favorite is the Mongolian Beef!
Very tasty!!
The keyword is TASTY!
not Authentic, but TASTY!
If you are not familiar, most dishes come with WHITE or BROWN rice.
The flavor and ultimate concept is to please the general taste bud who  adores Chinese and Japanese food without the exotic ingredients.
Simple Asian packed with TASTY flavors!
If you seek authentic Chinese or Japanese, then you need to Yelp else where!
That is the only caveat!
;-)  Also, this particular location is ALWAYS packed during lunch time.
ALWAYS!
So expect a line between 11am and 12pm.
Parking is going to be very scarce too during this peak time!

Asian food for white people.
Not terrible but very, very bland.

Nice setup, hard to find a parking spot, and the food, too american to be consider real Asian food especially the Pad Thai, terrible!
Need I say more.
Other restaurants in the area that are so much better in so many ways.

Like it's big brother PF Chang's, Pei Wei really isn't anything special.
I'm always perplexed by the way a lot people rave about it.
I eat at this location once in a great while because it's very close to work.
I can order food online, and the amount of time it takes to get to my car and drive over is exacly the time it's supposed to be ready.
But the truth about all these chain Asian places is that pretty much every meal tastes similar, and nothing is all that great.
Overall, it feels like a slightly higher quality version of fast food.
I ordered the Orange Peel Chicken.
It has a little bit of a kick from chili peppers, but to label it as "spicy" on the menu is a joke.
The sauce was okay, but like I said earlier, nothing spectacular.
Like most chains, it kind of has that "out of box" taste.
I'll give Pei Wei credit for good prices and portion sizes.
I also love that brown rice is an option.
The online ordering is also convenient and easy.
The people who work at the take out counter are quick and friendly (although they never put napkins in the bag unless you ask, that should be standard).
Pei Wei is the definition of A-OK, but if I'm looking for more than a quick meal, there's too many good local Asian restaurants that are worth checking out first.

i tried the thai river noodles.
they will not replace the love i have for a dan dan noodle bowl.
but the thai noodles, they were good.
i like this place because it has really opened hours compared to everything else around here.
and the food in inconsistent.
oh also, the new soda machines are very entertaining.
just watch....  this is usually a last resort option (everything else in the area is closed).
but it is a good one nonetheless.

If you have an oral fixation that manifests itself in the form of a diet coke addiction, it is worth going to this location for the beverage dispensers alone.
I was very impressed by what they got goin on.

Just grabbed a Togo order from this pei Wei, defiantly the best one I've been too.
The building is an old brick spot, located below Side Bar and sharing a wall with Starbucks (heaven on earth perhaps?).
Legit city style complete with exposed wood ceiling beams and brick walls.
The sode machine is intense though, user be warned.
1 spout, 100+ choice, all touch screen!
this aint for your grand pappy!!!
Great, fast and friendly service.
Line moves quick.
Togo has their own door/cashier.
Only problem is parking.
I come here for Starbucks sometimes and every-time vow never to come back due to parking.
Maybe I just need a longer fuse?
On second thought, Nope.
Improve parking please.
Thanks.
4 stars only due to parking being such a pain.

Sunday afternoons at one require more than one cashier.
Lined up customers for dine in, and a growing line for pick up and take out.
A tad dysfunctional.
Wound up @ Tokyo express...

This is my very mostest favorite Pei Wei!
Food is THE BEST.
I don't know why, but this particular location makes the BEST Pei Wei food.
Perhaps it's the incredible volume of business that they turn everyday~ they've truly got the magic touch.
I am a regular there for lunch, at least once a week.
It is almost always crazy busy.
They are efficient and friendly.
The food is always prepared well.
You THINK a chopped chicken salad is the same here as at other Pei Wei's?
NOT SO, my friend!
THIS one knows just how long to poach it, debone and deskin it, and the proper dice.
It is always a sublime salad experience.
Whatever your favorite PeiWei dish is, it will be prepared better at this location.
Parking here can be a bear, but there is a lot across the street for overflow traffic- southeast corner of 7th Av and McDowell.
Go.
But go after 1pm, when I'm gone.

I concur with other reviews in that Pei Wei is overhyped...
It's not bad, but it's definitely nothing to write home about.
I had the Japanese ramen plate on my most recent visit and it satisfied my hunger, but I would definitely not be inclined to order it again if return.
I suppose the appeal of this place to many could be that it is simply accessible in the sense that it's a comfortable establishment and not one that you might be hesitant about entering.
So go ahead, try it out and then go find some good Asian food the next time you're in the mood.

What the heck?!
My fiance and I eat here weekly, this is my neighborhood Pei-Wei and our experiences have been crazy bad lately!
:(  Last time my fiance ordered Kung Pao Chicken.
It came out with no snow peas.
My fiance asked about it and the server says, "yeah, we just ran out of them".
No extra peanuts, no "can I substitute something else for you?"...nothing.
End of discussion, apparently.
Tonight we go in about 7:30pm and my fiance was daydreaming a bit after he received his receipt.
The cashier informed him, "you can leave now".
We receive our usual; his Kung Pao Chicken and my lettuce wraps.
His Kung Pao noodles were so overcooked they were like chewing paste.
My lettuce wraps tasted fine, but two hours later and I was incapacitated with stomach pains.
Just finished expunging the remainder of the wraps, and I am starting to feel okay.
And no, it could not have been anything else I ate.
Or a virus.
They don't come and go so quickly.
Next time we are craving Pei-Wei, we will be making the drive to the East Phoenix location.

Love this place for lunch!
there quick whether its take out or dine in!
My fav.
are the spring rolls & lettuce wraps!

In a hella convenient location nestled next door to a Starbucks, and facing McDowell Rd., you really can't go terribly wrong with this Pei Wei.
Of course you have many other opportunities to eat better food in downtown Phoenix, but let's not take away the convenience, location, an early opening time and the fact that a heavy rotation of cops and troopers keep the zombies of 7th Ave at bay.
We've all been to Pei-Wei so I won't describe the food, other than to comment that a every dish seems to be getting increasingly saltier with every visit.
My spicy korean bowl with tofu and vegetables seemed to be positively drenched with salty goo...  perhaps the kindly staff took pity on my tofu-ness and decided to compensate with every tool in their flavor arsenal.
Or perhaps I just was feeling salt sensitive.
Their salads are consistently flavorful and fresh, though I can't say I've ever encountered anything like them on my travels in Asia.
Pei Wei is a successful Arizona invention from the team that started PF Changs so we should be proud of what they get right, and keep them honest on what they get wrong.

I generally avoid any type of chain but decided to make an exception and was glad I did.
The Thai coconut curry was exceptionally good, I was really surprised.
Think I will have to make an exception to my rule and come back here again.

Chicken fried rice Yum.
Friendly employees.
Could have been cleaner.

I love the food here but its getting harder and harder to find a parking spot.
They share a small parking lot with starbucks and a place upstairs called The Side Bar.
I highly recommend you never go here after 5pm if you want dinner because you will NEVER find a parking spot.
I would suggest going to one of their other locations in the valley.

I love this Pei-Wei location.
I've been coming here since they opened about 4 years ago.
Great renovation of an old building makes for a great atmosphere.
Service is pretty good; especially the sisters who work the floor and have been there since Day 1...very sweet women and always take care of all your needs...leave 'em a buck or two, they work hard!
Yeah, parking is a pain if you eat right at high noon or between 5 and 7pm.
I often stop on my way home from the gym and pick up take away food; much easier.
Everything I have tried on the menu is just great.
Really love their Thai Chicken and their Thai Coconut Curry ... my fave main dishes.
All 3 salads are great, and the Chopped Chicken Salad is actually way healthy when I'm watching my diet.
They just came out with some small plates; my man tried the chicken lemongrass salad small plate last night and it was really awesome.
They have a good test kitchen to come up with this stuff.
And I know it makes me sound like an idiot, but the really cool Coke dispensing machine is the bomb.
I usually just have the Lemonade Lite, but wow...6 flavors!
haha.
good stuff.

Pretty good.
Your average Pei Wei.
Parking is a huge pain in the ass here.

gotta try the carmel chicken just once, its bomb!
I don't have any major complaints but the interior was really big and spacious, I was sort of surprised by this.
The amount of food you get for the price is good , I don't think it was price unreasonably at all.
Oh props for their drink machines they have over 107 different flavors of beverages.
LOL   4 STARS

Parking sucks and birds are fearless if you eat outside.
Other than that, its your average pei wei

Nice to have downtown but hit and miss, inconsistent quality.
Dishes are mostly too sweet.
More savory options would make this place more appealing.
Either quality at this location is slipping or I have gotten bored with average sweet-themed Asian dishes.

First time here and what a big disappointment!
I like Pei Wei, been to several branches but this is one that I will not go back to.
Our order was taken efficiently but when the food came, the beef dish we ordered was super salty!
So we hailed a server and told her that the dish was too salty.
All she could say was, do you want to have the dish changed?
So we decided to have only one order replaced since we were halfway through eating the other order which came with the fried rice (that we liked) we would changed just one order of the same dish.
We had ordered two.
So she took one dish away and also removed the other dish.
Maybe we had a communicated breakdown (she could barely speak English), but she replaced only one dish.
So why did she take the other dish away too????
She had an angry face and was not happy at all!
Guess my complaint is, we paid for a dish, it got taken away and there was no offer to refund us???
Yes, one order was replaced, which was still too salty but we decided to just let it go.
That's all I have to say about that...

We eat at Pei Wei quite frequently and this location was, by far, the worst.
We went fairly late on a Saturday night so, while they were busy, they weren't THAT busy.
We waited over 15 minutes for our food - which they brought out separately.
My husband's arrived.
Then mine.
Then my niece's.
These were not spaced out by 1 minute - we're talking 3-5 minutes.
That is a long time for food to sit and get cold if you are being polite and waiting for others to eat.
I ordered the diner select honey seared chicken like I *always* do.
When it arrived, I counted my chicken pieces.
That's right - there were so few I counted them.
I had exactly 5 little chicken morsels (about the size of a piece of popcorn chicken) for my $6.50 + drink dinner.
I think I could have done better at Panda, thanks, and your quality isn't THAT much better that I would turn my nose up at Panda to eat your 5 chicken bites.
DH was okay with his steak - although in my opinion there wasn't enough of that either.
Overall we'll keep going to Pei Wei, but the 7th Avenue location is off our list.

I occasionally order take- out from this one, so I will address the McDowell location specifically.
The parking lot is completely too small for the volume of lunch and dinner business they generate.
It's in a bad part of Phoenix, so I don't recommend parking down one of the neighborhood streets.
However, if you need a Phoenix cop, this place is swarming with them like flies.
One day I counted (5) patrol units in the parking lot.
The food is good however, and they are amenable to changing menu items to suit your palate.
Though a bit overpriced for what is essentially "fast food" it's still tastes better than other Chinese take-out joints.

Food was brought to table very quickly, staff was friendly and efficient, and my kung pao chicken was piping hot and enjoyable.
Not top notch in the flavor department, but far from bad.
Also, Pei Wei's has the coolest soda fountain around, with about 2 bazillion soda flavors.
The place is clean, and the restrooms are well-kept.
And despite all the complaining about parking space, at 6 pm tonite (a Saturday) there was a couple of open parking spaces.
And this is probably the safest restaurant in the city of Phoenix - there was 8 uniformed Phoenix Police Officers (and god knows how many detectives!
)  in the dining room this evening.

I have eaten at other Pei Wei locations and have been satisfied.
However last nights purchase of four entrees was very disappointing.
The Dan Dan steak entree was so overcooked I think they mixed up our order with the nursing home order, you couldn't eve bite the noodles, they just mushed in your mouth.
The teriyaki chicken was also overcooked, totally dried out and without any sauce on the meat or veggies.
To top off the insult, only 2 fortune cookies came with our order of 4 entrees, is the economy so bad we are sharing fortune cookies now?

This use to be one of my favorite places for lunch but it has gone considerably down hill since the chain was bought out by a non local investment firm.
Service is lackluster at best and thy do not provide a level of service the business use to maintain.
Staff act as if they are doing you a favor by being served and are not the least bit friendly.
On several occasions, I have been cut off by a staff member who was in a hurry to get somewhere.
If you order a combo plate, the bring your entree out with the soup so your entree will be cold by the time you finish the app.
Overall, the food quality is about the same.
They need to improve their service if they don't wish to lose diners.

I am conflicted between two and four stars, so logically I went with three.
I do love me some Pei Wei, for several reasons.
They are usually very conveniently located, you can order online, everything is yummy, they are very consistent (what you had tasted last week will be the same the next), and their quality is very good.
They even have some options for reducing the calories on your favorite entrees.
That being said I am clearly a fan, however this location has let me down a few times.
Nothing major, you just might want to double check your bag before leaving with your take out.
I requested some soy sauce and sweet and sour sauce to go with my food, he assured me they were in the bag, I took his word for it, went on my way and was very disappointed when I got home, mouth watering from the smell that enveloped my car, and saw NO sauce, of either flavor.
I was out out of soy sauce at home, so my rice was a little sad.
I am not a huge fan of their sweet and sour sauce anyhow, so that wasn't a huge let down.
My faves are the lettuce wraps (DUH!
), crab wontons (very crabby, fake krab but whatev), honey seared chicken (sweet), Mongolian beef (green onions are great), and Jon likes the sweet and sour chicken (good veggies).

I've been to other locations several times but this was my first and last visit to this location.
I always order the Thai Coconut Curry with chicken and rice noodles.
I placed my order just like that.
The person ringing me up seemed very distracted as she asked me three times if I wanted brown or white rice.
I said rice noodles a total of FOUR times.
I got my order and brought it back to work for lunch.
When I opened it up, the first thing that I noticed was that it was made with regular noodles, not rice noodles.
The worst part, though, was that EVERY SINGLE PIECE of chicken was chewy and fatty.
Disgusting!!
Never going to this location again.

This place can never get an online or over the phone order right!
I don't know if its because they can't read or they don't care!

I eat at this location pretty frequently, but usually get take-out rather than dine in.
This time we dined in.
The parking there continues to be a nightmare.
Not sure why they chose this location but if you don't go super early or super late, you will play hell trying to park.
The food we ordered was tasty like always and the serving was good sized.
HOWEVER, a manager or someone in a position of authority, really needs to walk the dining area and move the high school crowd outside who are only having a soda.
We sat at a table close to them and the profanity they were spewing was outrageous and they were quite loud.
I looked around many times, hoping a staff member would notice and re-direct them, but to no avail.
I actually saw one couple who sat down by them move to the other side of the dining room.
I'm sure it was because of the X-rated filth coming out of their mouths.
It was like a low rent version of the cast of "GLEE" without manners or boundaries.
It was enough that we ate quickly and left.
I would have enjoyed staying longer and maybe even having another glass of wine, but not with that crowd ruining the experience.
This place is nice and can really be a good dining experience, but someone really needs to monitor the high school kids.
If I had brought my grandchildren along, I would have certainly sought out a manager and demanded they be made to leave.
Not cool Pei Wei.
Somebody needs to step it up in that department.

Ordered online and my food was ready, hot, and delicious.
Cute girl behind the counter was very sweet and efficient.
Love Pei Wei every now and then they are a bit pricy for the amount of "protein" to rice equation.
Other then that.
Its Fabulosity.

Its the fast food version of PF Changs

Pei Wei Combo!
Need I say more?

I don't know what's going on with the management of this location, but it seems to be going downhill quickly.
We stopped in last night for what should have been a quick bite on our way to the theater.
However, what would have been a quick bite turned into a long time waiting for our food.
And it wasn't just us, everyone around us was commenting on how long it was taking for food to come out of the kitchen.
Now, since it's open, I could that there were plenty of people back there so I'm not sure why it took so long, but it certainly did.
Now, if you're going to compete in the fast, casual, restaurant market, you need to nail the fast part.
When this Pei Wei was new, maybe they could get away with it, seeing as the only nearby competition was the (now gone) My Florist Cafe, but now that there is a Habit Burger, Chipotle, Pot Belly Sandwiches, and On a Roll within walking distance the management of Pei Wei need to get their act together.
Also, the last time we were at this location, they completely screwed up our order and brought us the wrong dishes.
Get it together Pei Wei!

My husband really likes Pei Wei's, but the floor in here is very red which makes me uncomfortable.
Are they trying to make me feel mad?
Other than that very good food.
I got the sweet and sour.
The futuristic soda machines are confusing though and added with the blood red floor I got very heated.
Fix the color scheme please I will be back frequently.

For fast casual made to order really not bad.
Asian fusion NOT Chinese.
Got the Thai Dynamite Chicken w/ brown rice.
Pretty tasty and twangy (perhaps because of some vinegar in the dish).
While I actually enjoyed it I don't think I would get it again.
In other words, I liked it but didn't love it.

Tried something new today... first a Roast Pork Egg roll and then Spicy Korean Chicken.
Now perhaps I am a bit of a Chinese (Asian) food snob being from NY NY however one thing you can take to the bank is this... DO NOT GET THE ROAST PORK EGG ROLL.
Hands down the weakest by far I have ever had!
So surprising as I have never known Pei Wei to have anything terrible and this my friends was terrible.
OK, now the Spicy Korean Chicken.
Really just OK.
While beautiful looking and presented, flavor wise... just mediocre.
Left feeling that something was missing... like perhaps a tinge more sweetness.
While tonight's meal will by no means preclude me from coming back, I certainly learned tonight what Not to order.

This place is back to being a normal Pei Wei for those who are concerned.
With that said, I'm not really sure what niche Pei Wei occupies.
If I want Asian fast food, I'd rather get Panda Express which is simultaneously cheaper, tastier, and healthier.
If I'm willing to spend more is rather just go to a normal Asian restaurant.
I was never a fan of Pei Wei in Tucson but decided to give this location a shot since I had a coupon for a free meal.
I got a cup of the Thai wonton soup, which was fairly tasty but for 1.99 it looked like enough to fill maybe a tea cup.
For an entree I tried the spicy Korean with shrimp and white rice.
The whole meal was basically a flavorless morass.
Two stars for good customer service and fortune cookies but would not go back on my own.

Ok it is getting better but needs some work.
They run out of stuff way too often.
The food is consistent quality though.

My dining experience today was fabulous!
The Asian-fusion menu was fun and colorful to choose from.
The parking was tight but the meal was worth it.
Service was great and efficient.
The food is worthy and cost about as much as Applebee's.
I will return - Solid!

Good food, but the parking situation is horrible.
Try to avoid lunch time during the work week, but if you need your fix during the rush it's best to call ahead or place your order online.

