Possibly the nicest proprietors in town.
Love these people.
Food's great too.
I always have the red curry chicken and chicken pad thai.

i've had some of the best thia food in the bay area and la.
this was my first thai food in the lv area.
the food was bland and the "hot" wasn't hot.
i'll keep looking for a better spot in the meantime.
the staff was really friendly and the prices aren't too bad.
if i wasn't exposed to  good thai food this might have beeen a better experience.

Boss and I tried Basil 'n Lime after a meeting last week, cruising back to work but looking for lunch.
I spotted this new little place and we decided to give it a go, not knowing anything about it.
"I hope its good..." was my last peep before walking in.
We were so pleasantly rewarded.
The soup they serve (on-the-house appetizer) was tasty to start with, a good sign.
I had the Masamun Curry/Chicken - absolutely fantastic.
And huge portions.
Also, have to reiterate that the staff was very sweet.
In all, a dining treat and I will be back many more times.

The BEST Thai food that I've ever had!
We're really, really picky about our Thai food and Basil 'n Lime is as authentic as they come.
The pad thai (both chicken and tofu) are fabulous, as are their spring rolls, and red curry.
Just a few of our favorites!
The staff is also amazing....well mannered, courteous and always one step ahead of you.
What always amazes me is that whether or not my husband is with me, one waiter always remembers that I need a pad thai with chicken done spicy to go.
I never have to remember...he'll always ask!
And when I arrive before my take out's ready, they're always there with a glass of ice water and a kind smile.
Love, love, LOVE this place!
Even though we're moving across town next month we plan to make the trek back to their restaurant often.

I went to lunch with my sister yesterday here!
And I am stoaked I really loved it.
I barely got into Thai and so I don't know a lot about it but that doesn't matter because our taste buds where in heaven, and that's all that matters.
The price was very reasonable.
We came here around 4pm and it was dead, only one other person.
I hope that this place gets business it deserves.
The sign is so cute, I was just driving and looking for a place to go and quickly just turned in here.... the inside was nice and clean and decorated minimal but elegant.
I am going to be going back here.
My sister ordered the green chicken curry and I got the the tom kai gow (chicken soup with lots of coconut flavoring, has mushrooms, lime juice and cilantro- the flavor is amazing!
) I always order this soup when I go for thai food now...
I'll post pictures, looks really good...but in this case the food is better then it looks.

My wife and I had two entrees: Pad Ki Maow with beef, and Lemon grass prawns (see pictures).
The Pad Ki Maow was moist, pungent, and the noodles were cooked perfectly.
It had just the right heat to it.
The lemon grass prawns had a sauce that had celery, lemon grass, and bell pepper.
If you took out the lemon grass, it would have almost tasted like a cajun dish.
The sauce was grainy, and the celery overpowered the flavor.
I didn't care for this dish.
We got the pineapple fried rice to go, and this was the real treat.
It was so moist, and full of shredded chicken, pineapple, raisins, cilantro, green onion, brown beans..
I intended to save it for the next day, but I scarfed the whole thing down last night.
Oops.
Good stuff.

Love this joint.
I do take-out lunches here at least once a week or every other.
I usually have the Chicken Pad Thai, Yellow and Red Curries.
Sometimes I'll throw in sticky rice and papaya salad.
I've always been happy with the food here.

Went there probably 2 or 3 pm on a Sunday so its expected to be kind of dead, which it was.
Started with chicken skewers, they were good, but had a weird smell.
Next was the pork pad thai, not really my taste.
The pork definitely tasted weird, and it looked way sloppy, ie the noodles were broken into pieces.
The place is nice however, the staff is super friendly, and a clean bathroom :).

extremely mediocre Thai food....    (tried:  chicken satay, fried fish cakes, pad ki mao, spicy basil fried rice, and shrimp red curry)

Basil 'n Lime is located just east of the Flamingo and 215.
Being a skeptical Thai consumer (as noted in another review, I've been ruined by perfect Thai food in Chicago), I walked in with one eyebrow raised.
To my initial delight, I loved the "limey" atmosphere.
Dark wood highlighted by lime napkins gave this place a natural, open air feel.
The menu is extensive and includes all of the staples you would expect.
I got the Pad Kee Maow.
It had a rich, spicy, basily sauce which was better than your average "suburban" thai place.
My hubby got the Pad Thai.
It was tasty, and had a lighter sauce than I usually experience.
Often, Pad Thai sauce can be a little over the top, so this was nice.
The service was friendly and accommodating.
I recommend it!

It's nice to have found a Thai place that is just a Thai place, and this is a gem.
I've tried a few other so-called Thai restaurants only to find some weird combo of every asian cuisine imaginable, usually leaning towards Americanized Chinese food.
This place is unpretentious, has a good menu, and reasonable portion sizes.
I'm quite particular about how my chicken with chili and basil is served, I like it the traditional way, with minced/chopped chicken and an egg on top, which I can get here, woo hoo!
The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because they don't have a liquor license.
If you like a beer with your meal, this isn't the place for you.

Visited in Oct, 2009.
Had the tom-kha-gai (coconut soup) and stir-fried vegetables.
Very very tasty and authentic.
The meals are large and not over-spiced.
I found my new favorite thai place in Vegas.
(previously, Jasmine thai) .
The prices are great too.

Went to lunch with some girls from work.
We got the Tom Ka soup, it was okay, not really alot of flavor.
We all ordered lunch specials.
My pad see ew was delicious and the portion was nice.
The salad that comes with the lunch special was merely iceberg lettuce with some satay peanut sauce poured on it.
The Thai iced tea was refreshing and not too strong.
The reason I'm only giving it 3 stars is because as friendly as our waitress was, she forgot to give us our check at the end of the meal.
Then once we asked for it, she still took so long that we finally walked up to the order counter and asked for it there.
In her defense she was the only waitress for the whole dining room.

I love basil and lime!
I go there about once a month with a friend, and their food is consistently great, and the servers are always attentive and sweet!
I think I'll call in a to-go order of Panang Curry right now!

I ate here once and was hooked.
While they don't make the food as spicy as I'd prefer, even after you ask them to make it spicy and a "10", the Thom-Kha-Gai is great.
The best part about this place is that they deliver, and even being up in Summerlin I could count on to bring me my yummy goodies and make my tummy warm and content.

Just got back from lunch here!
It was very good.
They have tons of options from those who aren't familiar with Thai to those who are really adventuress.
They give you an option from 1-10 as to how spice you want it.
I got the Cashew chicken with fried rice and a level 4 spicy.
I enjoy a hint of spice without sweating while I eat.
I could have easily gotten a 5 and still been comfortable while eating, but it was still really good.
It was a huge portion, had to take a box home with me.
Four of us ate and got an appetizer and it was just over $50.
The waitress was really nice and spoke English very well and was able to explain some of the dishes we had questions about.
I will definitely be going back next time I am in the mood for some Thai!
The image of the three people from the restaurant the woman in the middle was our server.

Service: Great Food: Good  Restaurant: Nice Decor.
More concentrated on lime than Thai lol Return Visits: Yes Favorites: Pad Thai, Tom Yum (Shrimp), Stir Fry Basil, Calamari.
We've been coming here for about a year now and we really like it here, most especially because it's really close to our house lol.
You're always greeted the moment that you walk through the door, service is great, they're very attentive, the quality of the food is good.
It's a bit 'Americanized', as far as decor and taste...
I think that makes sense?
Ugh.
I knocked one star off because they don't refill Thai Tea, BOO!!

I've gotten take out from here twice and eaten in once.
The food has been great every time - flavorful food and fast service.
Of course, you have to judge a Thai restaurant by its Pad Thai.
I had it and was not disappointed.
Dining in is a great option, but not optimal for a romantic dinner.
It would be good for a very casual night out.
The decor and the lighting is good, but it appears to be more of a family restaurant.
Tip: Get the Chicken Dumpling appetizer.
They are large, delicious and great to split between two people.

I had dinner here and was surprised how good the food was.
The setting is very nice and cozy.
Service is great.
Great variety of food.

Nice atmosphere, good, solid service, good food and BASIL 'N LIME DOES NOT DUMB DOWN THE SPICE SO BE WARNED!
I had a Thai iced tea which was earthy and tasty.
For the entree I ordered kang pahr.
I asked the server how it compared to a panang curry or red curry and all she said was "It's hotter.
"  It had a clear broth for the curry with bamboo shoots, baby corn, eggplant, carrot, green bean and lime leaf.
I ordered it with chicken.
It also had plentiful dried hot peppers and Thai peppers (an interesting looking thing if ever there was one, see photos).
I enjoyed the kang pahr and having a hot (I ordered it hot but I wasn't brave enough to order it Thai hot after she said "It's hot.
") curry dish without the coconut milk base was nice.
The chicken was good as were the veggies.
A couple of eggplant pieces had a slightly tough hide.
I liked the food and look forward to a return trip to try some other dishes.

I did a take out order of  the Yellow Curry Chicken and it was rather delicious.
The waiter cautioned me on how hot I should get it and since I was new to the joint I stuck with a "2".
Nice place, simple decor and very helpful staff.
The guy who served me was so sweet!

The food here isn't bad at all, but it is far from being Thai.
Rather it is Thai inspired, and adapted for western tastes.
I had the Pad Kee Mow, one of my favorite noodle Thai dishes.
There wasn't any Chinese Broccoli in it, but some carrots, green beens, green bell peppers, and onions.
That isn't authentic.
I couldn't imagine the noodles and the sauce pairing well with Chinese Broccoli, and so I can only conclude that the entire dish was purposefully transformed to suit the tastes of the average person.
If you are not looking for authentic Thai food, but something that isn't bad tasting at all and pretends to be Thai, then this might be a good place for you to try.
The atmosphere is very nice, and it is in an upscale neighborhood.
The service was very delightful.
However, since I review Thai based on authentic taste, I have to give Basil 'n Lime a measly 2 stars.
Thanks for the spicy American food!

GO HERE.
ORDER PINEAPPLE FRIED RICE AND GREEN TEA.
ENJOY.
If you're a sissy make sure not to order anything over a 3 in spiciness.
The decor isn't that great and the staff isn't extra phenomenal but this place is perfect for lunch and absolutely delicious.

It's within walking distance from my house, which is the only reason I keep going back.
Their yellow chicken curry (which is the only thing I get from Thai restaurants) is decent.
but it's no where close to the best I've ever had and it's more expensive then alot of other places.
The decor is pretty, the staff is friendly enough, but nothing to get excited about.

Pros: The pad Thai is amazing.
Prices aren't too shabby.
Very friendly service.
Cons: The decor is kind of a mindfuck.
The space is a converted Mexican restaurant so it kind of combines Southeast Asian with Southwestern elements.
Very good restaurant overall, but the only thing I really ever get is the Pad Thai.
It is so good.
Even if you live in Henderson you should definitely come here to grab some of the Pad Thai.
It is so good, I love it to death.

I ate here for the first time this week during lunch and was pleasantly surprised.
Inside, the restaurant was bigger than most Thai restaurants.
We were greeted upon entering and seated quickly.
I had the Pad Thai lunch special for $7.95.
You get to choose between the soup of the day (chicken noodle the day I went) and a salad with peanut sauce.
I chose the salad and it was great (then again, I love anything with peanut sauce).
The Pad Thai was a super large portion.
I ended up splitting it in half right then and there to take the other half home for dinner.
It was also accompanied by an egg roll.
Again, service was great -- a super quick lunch -- made it back to work within an hour, even though this place was about 5 miles away.
Overall, I enjoyed my meal and thought I had gotten more than enough food for the price.
I will most likely be coming here again, but next time I'll try something off the regular menu.

My mom, my son and I stopped in for lunch.
She had been there before and i've always wondered about it.
Service was great, mainly becase we were the only people there.
The scene was nice, I think it would be better if the restaurant was half the size.
Might be better for business.
We ordered the Squid Salad which was the shiznittle bam.
If you like seafood this is a great option.
Great flavors.
We also ordered the Yellow Chicken Curry which was pretty good.
They only brought an extra small bowl of rice.
That wans't to cool.
My son had a good time.
He was flirting with the waitress, playaaaa.
He is 3.
In all, we had a good experience.
I would definately go back.
It would be a shame to let this one go out of business.

Fried rice with crab meat it's amazing !!!!

After reading in the Talk forum recently about where to get the best Thai food in Vegas, my appetite for Thai food was stimulated, so I decided to revisit a couple of my favorite places that received mention in the forum.
At both places I ordered my favorite Thai dish, which is Chicken Panang.
At  Basil 'n Lime, the waitress asked me how hot I wanted the Panang on a scale of 1 to 10, and I opted for 5.
I was satisfied with the spiciness of the dish, and although it was definitely sweet, the sweetness did not detract from my enjoyment.
It came with bell peppers and green peas and only a trace of basil.
(I was a little surprised that the Panang was served with green peas instead of carrots, because other (Chinese/Thai) restaurants where I had ordered the dish in the past served it with carrots.
I don't pretend to know which way is authentic, but I assume that green peas are the authentic ingredient because that is how it was served at Prommares as well.
Anyway, I have no complaints, as I enjoy it either way.
)  My friend got the Laos style Fresh Green Papaya Salad.
She was a little disappointed that she couldn't distinctly see or taste any papaya, and thought it would make a better appetizer than entree.
She has had other dishes at Basil 'n Lime that she enjoyed more.
We ordered no appetizers, beverages (other than water), or dessert, and our bill came to only $20 and some change, which I thought was very reasonable.
Located on the corner end of a strip mall, Basil 'n Lime has a colorful, festive facade and a spacious and airy interior.
Pleasant music played softly, and the service was friendly.
The restrooms were clean and easily accessible.
I think most people who like Thai food would find Basil 'n Lime enjoyable and satisfying in terms of taste, price, service, and atmosphere.
I'm sure I'll be back.

I've always wanted to give this place a try but never had the chance because I live really close to a Thai Place that I like to frequent.
Me and my husband went out of our way to eat here but were disappointed.
I ordered the Pla Goong means grilled shrimp salad that had red onion, tomato, cilantro, lettuce, sliced lemongrass in spiced lime sauce.
It was overly sour it made my eye wince when I first took a bite out of it.
My husband had his usual Beef Thai Salad.
My husband said he didn't like the way they made their beef salad here because the meat wasn't cooked enough.
The food was okay but what I was really bothered by is that it was hard to get someone to give you a refill on your drink.
The food is spicy ..it should be common sense to keep the drinks coming.
I saw that my husband really needed a drink because he was crunching down on the ice in his empty glass.
I felt bad for him so I told him there was a drink machine in the corner.
I usually wouldn't encourage him to get his own drink but if he didn't who would?
One of the workers noticed my husband getting his own drink so she took a hint and kept the beverages coming but it was a little too late because the meal was just about done.
I didn't even want to stay for dessert and that is a rarity!

Eaten here a bunch of times, and they never fail to serve great Thai food.
I HIGHLY recommend the green curry, so good even the next day!

Truly below average Thai food.
Service was lousy.
We had to ask for water more than once.
The server never greeted us, simply walked over and asked if we were ready to order.
No Spring Rolls.

The first and last time I went to this place, customer service was very poor!
I mean, the place itself is well decorated, but it seems as if it does not go with the bad service I received!
I ordered pad thai and wanted spice added to it.
When I received my order, it was just regular noodles.
So, I asked them if they can add spice, and they just directed me back to my table and said there was spice that I can add myself!
That was downhill for me there.

Well tonight I will be going to bed early.
Thanks to the unbelievable dinner I had last night at Basil 'N Lime.
I woke up at the crack of dawn to the reminder of the delicious leftovers that were calling to me from my refrigerator.
This quaint establishment is enormous in flavor.
The fresh vegetables were sautéed yet crisp, the meat was as tender as eating cotton candy.
Starting out with the eclectic plate of appetizers was a trip to heaven.
The spice rating is a scale from 1-5.
I always treat my spice ratio as if I'm putting together an outfit.
In the words of the famous fashion designer Coco Channel...it is easier to add than take away.
The entrees were ordered as a  three.
The delectable flavor of the food was not hidden in the heat.
I can't wait to go back and enjoy more of their tempting choices.
The restaurant does not serve alcohol.
Which is a blessing in disguise.
You would not want any of your senses denied the aroma, taste and presentation of this restaurant.
I highly recommend the Thai Iced Tea.
To top it all off, I can sleep sounding because I know that their Garlic Beef is only a phone call away because they do deliver.
My hat's off to you, Chef Moo and your staff.

I've only been a few times for lunch and the food has been good but the service was a little slow or inattentive at times making it hard to get in and out in under an hour.
The Crying Tiger is well worth a try.
The chili lime sauce is fantastic.

I love this place for take out.
They always have my food done quickly, and the portions are generous.
I was not impressed with the dine in service.
I got my food spicy, and kept having to drink my wife's water because they rarely came to fill mine.
Also when this location is busy it is very loud inside.
Great take out try the Pineapple Fried Rice.
My Favorite!

Panang chicken is always good.
Wasn't thrilled with the squid in the Wor WonTon thought.

Basil 'n Lime is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in Vegas -- I've been there a number of times and it's always very enjoyable.
The food is really good and reasonable considering the portions are BIG, making it a great place to order a few dishes and share them.
The spacious dining room is clean and comfortable and I've always had attentive service.
If you like Thai food, definitely give this place a shot -- I recommend the Pad Kee Mao and the Pad Thai :)

Their thai tea is just right, not too sweet.
I love going during lunch hours for the specials.
I love pad see ew!
The side salad tastes very good!
Especially the dressing.
When the waitress asked me how spicy I want my dish (1-10) I asked for 4, I can tolerate some spicy.
But when it arrived, it was too hot for me.
I figured afterward they use the scale to ask how many chilies to put in the dish?
I think I'll go for a '2' next time haha.
I would definitely go back!

One of my favorite dishes is Chicken Pad Thai.
Theirs is fantastic.
Another favorite is the Panang Beef.
I have always gotten great service whether take out or dining in, staff is ALWAYS friendly.
The prices are a little higher than other comparable Thai restaurants in the area but I think the food is worth it.
This is my favorite Thai restaurant hands down :)

This place is good....if you've never had thai food in your life before.
To top off the high prices of this place, i ordered the beef salad and the meat was extremely dry and tasteless, the crab fried rice tasted like something i could make at home with rice egg and crab meat, no additional flavor what so ever.
Go to archis or surangs if you're in the neighborhood.
Or better yet KING AND I

This place was awesome.
I loved everything and will go back.

There are so many things wrong with this place.
Should I start with the service?
I'll start with the service.
The staff is usually preoccupied with chatting or card games when you walk in, so being seated, getting menus and ordering water takes 15 minutes.
The food is mediocre at its best, cold and bland at its worst.
We  ordered pad thai, spicy fried rice, chicken satay, tom yum gai (arrived cold), red curry and beef larb.
Most of it tasted like nothing, the rest tasted like watered down garlic juice.
The prices are high, especially with the long wait between dishes and the staff walking away before we were finished ordering.
Please go to Archi's Kitchen or Lotus of Siam.

The "Pine apple" fried rice was surprsiningly tastly, although it's hard to justifly paying $12.95  for fried rice at a casual Thai restaurant.
The chicken Pad Kee Mow was also very good.

I liked the atmosphere of this restaurant but that is about all I liked.
The food was average as was the service.
Have not been back.

Love this place!
Clean, quiet, great food and the staff is always friendly.
They offer nice lunch specials, and are very accomodating if you want to change up your order.
The best Pad See Ew on the Southwest side :)

Basil and Lime is one of the few Thai food places in Vegas that I have found that gets the spice and flavoring right on most of their dishes.
A lot of Thai places out here claim to be Thai, or Chinese food that offers Thai, but they always lack in flavor.
Bland and basically every dish tastes the same.
Basil and Lime has some great dishes.
The Pineapple fried rice is really good as is the pad Thai noodles.
I wish I still lived close to this place.
It used to be a weekly staple for my diet.

Ordered off the lunch menu and got a big heap of tasty food for a reasonable price.
We also tried mixed satay and the beef was really good but a little greasy.
Also, I may be a complete weenie but the food is SPICY!
My pad thai was a 3, but it made me sweat.
My bf's 5 kung pao burned my gums.
And a definite plus: free soda refills!

This has been on my radar for some time, but I never thought to go here.
This afternoon, it was a planned event all along.
The restaurant is really decorated nicely.
The layout is good and I liked it from when I walked in.
There was one couple in the restaurant when I came in.
At first I thought they were closed.
I ordered and got a Thai iced coffee while I was checking in on Yelp and looking over the menu.
Not wanting to fall back on curry again, I decided on something completely different for me - the garlic, pepper with chicken - spiciness level 7 out of 10.
The dinner was very good.
It's served with rice - I took the white rice.
The portion was too much to finish and my server packed the leftovers in two containers.
The spiciness could have been higher.
I should have asked for some hot peppers.
From the Yelp reviews, I thought they were heavy with the hotness, when for my taste, they are not.
8 or 9 next time.
The garlic flavor was very good!
Service was quite good!
I would expect no less when there are only 2 tables with customers in the whole place but I've had other experiences with the same circumstances.
I will come back here, and I think their garlic will get my wife's seal of approval!

i've been here a few times but my first experience was the BEST!
My boyfriend and i ordered the seafood fried rice, papaya, and red curry.
seafood fried rice was off the chain!
seriously, the best fried rice i've ever eaten IMO.
pad thai and red curry was great.
papaya #9 was really spiiicy, but i love spicy.
the spicyness are inconsistent though, so be careful!
portions are cool.
i had to get a to-go box every time.
i'm hungry.

When I found myself on the north side of Vegas, I knew I had to stop in on this place, having read great reviews about it.
Looking at the menu I had a familiar feeling as a newly turned vegetarian that I may have to settle for whatever item did not have meat.
I was delighted to find that there was a tofu option on the entrees' choice of meat!
With my options now limitless I landed on the tofu pad tai.
I can safely say I have a new favorite vegetarian friendly hangout.

Not a good experience.
Three people ordered, two meals initially served.
One was chicken, order was beef.
Server took it away and we dined on the first order.
Was supposed to be 7 on spice level.
No spice detected.
Finally two additional meals served.
One that was supposed to be beef (served as chicken first time) was supposed to be mild spice was at least a six which was way too spicy for the one that ordered it very mild.
Server made the obligatory "How is your meal" and made a hasty retreat  when first words of dissatisfaction voiced (twice).
Never saw server again until check was hastily sat on table without comment.
Will not return!

After my first visit, it was clear why a friend of mine recommended Basil 'n Lime to me: the food is wonderful.
Finding the restaurant wasn't difficult, but for first-time visitors, note that it sits back from the road in a store front.
Keep your eyes pealed and you won't miss the bright "Basil 'n Lime" sign mounted high on the front.
I've visited for lunch, dinner, and a few times in between and have never seen the placed very busy.
If you see the same thing when you arrive, don't let the lack of a large crowd fool you: go in, take a seat and enjoy.
For a relatively small restaurant, the menu has quite a bit of variety.
I've sampled something from every part of the menu except the "Top Secret" section and nothing failed to satisfy.
The food is authentic Thai cuisine, cooked fresh when ordered, and many of the meat dishes will accommodate your preference for chicken, beef or seafood.
Finally, the customer can specify their preference for heat (spicy) on a 1-10 scale.
Noteworthy about this is across my visits, the spiciness of the dishes I order is consistent: a seven this time is equally hot as a seven the next time.
I've also varied the heat of a dish to see if it makes a difference.
The cooks truly vary the heat as requested.
If you're a fan of authentic Thai food, give Basil 'n Lime a try.
I doubt you'll be disappointed.

Love going to Basil N Lime, always hits the spot.
My favorite dishes to order are the Crab Pad Thai and the Yellow shrimp Curry, both at a level 6.
A good appetizer would have to be the Chicken satay, which also comes with a small portion of cucumber salad.
Everything is always good, every time i go there, highly recommend.

Good food n friendly atmosphere : )

I Always come here for Thai food!
I've been to several Thai places out here...
Including Archi's, and to be honest, the pad thai here is the most flavorful.
Service is always excellent and some of the workers know what's up when my girlfriend and I come through.
Also it's a really nice and quiet kind of place.... Not too hectic and loud like some other Thai places in las vegas.
I highly recommend this restaurant!
Also their lunch specials are awesome and very generous.

The hubby and I were at Big-O Tires on Spring Mountain and Fort Apache and facing an hour-ish long wait, so we meandered over to a place called "Basil N Lime".
Well, I like basil and I like lime..
It happens to be a Thai restaurant and I do like me some Thai food!
The hubby, not-so-much.. so I was met with a groan from him, but still, we both knew that we were hungry and there was nothing else that we were willing to walk to (hubby had injured his ankle, so he was a limper.. no long walks for us that day!).
Anyhow - the Thai iced tea was above average!
It was rich and delicious and really hit the spot.
The dumplings were outstanding... it was the sauce that I LOVED Though!
I think I could have dunked just about anything in that sauce!!
Hubby even like the dumplings!
He ordered the lemon chicken, which had a very hard, over-fried (in my opinion) kind of tempura-esque batter coating.
It was really nothing to write home about.
I had the yellow curry.. silly me, I ordered it "medium".. it wasn't spicy enough for me!
Next time I'm saying "Thai medium"  not "American medium"  (which I think I defaulted to, given my appearance).
Still.. it was pretty darn tasty!
Anyway, the service was pretty good.. the atmosphere is quite nice - open, airy cafe with a pleasing color palette.

I think they have a new chef because my shrimp pad Thai was overly sweetened and my friends chicken lad nah was bland.
So sad.

This was my second time having Thai food period (First place I went to was Thai Palace  BBQ on Jones and YUCK!
), but the first time I'd visted Basil 'n Lime and I died and went to food heaven.
OMG!
This place had amazing food.
I was starving when I got there so I went for whatever looked familiar to me: Crab Rangoos and Kung Pao Chicken.
By far, this was the tastiest, freshest, most flavorful plate of Kung Pao I've ever eaten.
My dads GF initially recommeded this restaurant to me a while back, but I just kept driving past it day by day on my way home not wanting to take her word for it.
Big mistake!
This is the place to be for yummy Asian cuisine, its piping hot when it comes to the table and tastes so very homemade.
I got a level 3 spicy and that was not hot at all for me, so next time I'll up the ante for sure.

Haven't had a chance to dine in the restaurant yet but the 2 times i have gotten take out the food has been great.
The chicken pad thai is awesome.
For some reason it tastes lighter, and fresher than any I have ever had.
The basil chicken lunch special w/ the optional fried egg on top is sooo good!
YES, LIVE A LITTLE AND GET THAT FRIED EGG!
Spice level 5 is perfect w/ just enough kick it won't make you poop your pants!
Can't wait to try more!

I live right around the corner from BnL and I eat there often.
The reason I'm posting this review is because of the experience I just had.
I ordered one of their lunch specials which came with an egg roll.
When I bit into the egg roll I felt something really hard.
At first I thought it was a bone but then realized there shouldn't be any bones in an egg roll.
I saw that it was a 3/4 inch bolt.
I informed the waitress about it and her reaction was priceless.
I won't repeat what she said but it made me chuckle.
Unfortunately the management didn't do anything about it.
It seemed as though they wanted to ignore the situation.
I barely got an apology from the waitress and a scoop of ice cream for free.
If it were anywhere else I'm sure I would have at least gotten the meal for free if not somewhat of a discount.
If I weren't a nice person I could have taken a picture of, if not the actual egg roll and contacted a lawyer.
But I figured it was an accident and chalked it up to just that.
But when I asked if the egg rolls were pre-packaged or hand made they informed me that they are made fresh in the restaurant.
I could understand something like that being passed up by inspection from a conveyor belt, but what I don't understand is how a 3/4 inch bolt was overlooked if they were rolled by hand.
Hmmm.
I was afraid of my lunch from that point onward.
It could have really done some damage.
I will probably patronize BnL again being that I REALLY love Thai food and the quality of their food isn't all that bad... normally.

Just ok. Not very clean.
Food was good, but the place was empty, and I am OCD about cleanliness, especially where I eat.
The place really needs a manager or owner who is detail oriented, especially with cleanliness.

Poster child for Americanized Thai food.
Hey if that's your thing, then go for it.
It's edible and fills your tummy.
On the other hand, if you are actually looking for something authentic that'll make your taste buds sing... You'd better look somewhere else.
There's really not a whole lot more to say.
You've been forewarned.

Excellent lunch specials...includes egg roll, crispy wong tong and choice of soup or salad.Fresh, spicy and tasty!

I do have a high bar on Thai food but not sure this place cuts it on fresh ingredients, presentation or style.
Rice was not fresh and basil/spices just didnt have a fresh "Bite" like they should.
Menu was a bit mainstream...more like americanized Thai then authentic.
I love Thai food and will be returning to my couple regular spots.
We do have one AMAZING Thai food place in Vegas.
Its in the worst possible area next to a raunchy sex club but its the best!
just have to be careful when you walk to your car after lol

I don't know why but the food here just doesn't satisfy my Thai food craving..
I think everything is either a little too sweet or something is off..
The restaurant itself is really clean and cute though!
The service can be a bit slow at times.
I think the best thing I've tasted here is the pineapple fried rice.
Everything is else is just mehh.

DO NOT CALL FOR DELIVERY!
We have always LOVED this place but after two deliveries in a row being screwed up and disclosing a food allergy they ignored we are done.
We call and they tell us, "thank you???

Big fan of the Red Curry with Tofu.
Most places only have a few diced up veggies, but they give large chunks, I feel like I get a nice bang for my buck!
Lunch special comes with soup or salad, a wonton and an egg roll..say what, yup...its true!
And the egg roll is a veggie roll!
Woo hooo!!!
Customer service is very kind.
They always provide the name of the person that ordered the dish on the to go box so when the 5 bags of food that I ordered for my coworkers is picked up, I can divide it up with no problem!

I decided too check new Thai restaurant out.
I heard solid reviews and friend lives in area told me good reviews.
I love the ambience of the restaurant, the paint color earth tones, plants all around the place, great little paintings all around, spacious open air too it, and lots of tables inside.
It in little shopping mall so lots of parking.
I decided too go with the chicken satay friend recommendation.
NOT disappointed.
Most satay ever had usually two of three pieces of protein want on skewer.
The thing that really stood out for me is that one nice long full piece of chicken.
Not only that but it was cooked spot on perfection.
Perfect on outside, nice moist on the inside, love the marinade it was in, great flavor by itself, and then add peanut dipping sauce.
Drop dead awesome.
I also added papaya salad too my lunch special (reasonable $2 more) perfect compliment!
They have few more lunch specials on the menu so sure count me going back!!
The service was great!
The lady greeted me with smile.
She asked me if had any questions she would more happy too answer them.
I thought nice that she pointed out the lunch specials on the back of the menu.
I would never notice if not flip over the menu.
She checked up on my meal and never had too worry about my soda being empty.
The soup that comes with the lunch special is fabulous!
Hot and sour type of soup with chicken and mushrooms.
The price you get lot of food for your money and great place for nice Thai lunch!

Of all the thai places I've eaten at in town, this one is probably last on the list.
The flavor of the panang curry here is off somehow, and not different in a "different recipes at different restaurants" kind of way but a "this tastes weird, here taste this does this taste weird to you" kind of way.
It also was more like a soup than a curry, which is not what I want.
Ordered my food at the maximum amount of spiciness, tasted like it included zero spicy spices.
I had to make extremely liberal use of the spice tray the lady brought out for me.
Service was excellent, the waitress was attentive and very nice.
Drinks were kept full and empty plates were taken away quickly.
Even though the service was excellent the food was definitely not, and maybe it's because I'm white that they gave me the "Americanized" 10/10 hot level, but that's a complete joke.
10/10 should be ghost pepper status or something, not a dash of cayenne and a sprinkle of red pepper flake.

What a coincidence that this place is called Basil 'n Lime because I walk in and the my first thought was 'Oh!
it smells like lime...!
'  The restaurant itself is pretty large with modern-ish decor in comparison to other Thai restaurants.
They have strings of Christmas lights up in an artsy fashion.
It ain't Christmas, but tis the season - it works with the overall feel of the restaurant.
The boyfriend and I walked into an empty restaurant with the exception of a party of 6 finishing up their meal on a Saturday night.
We were greeted by one of the waitresses and seated at a table.
We ordered Thai tea, beef pad see ew, and chicken ginger and mushroom.
The thai tea kind of rubbed me the wrong way.
It tasted super powdery but this is most likely because I didn't mix well enough.
We waited for a while before our dishes were brought out to us.
We're very patient people but for us to wonder when our food will be at our table is a tell tale sign that they're taking way too long.
Annoying, since we were essentially the only ones in the restaurant.
But we gave them the benefit of the doubt and figured they were making our food ultra fresh.
What we didn't realize when ordering was that their portions (at least for dinner) are huge!
The two dishes were pretty good.
Not the best we've ever had, but we had no major complaints.
The chicken ginger and mushroom is quite misleading by name.
The dish didn't have that extra bite of ginger I was searching for.
Where were the mushrooms?
They were hiding and didn't want to come out.
There were a lot of other veggies though - carrots, onions, bell peppers.
Good portion of chicken, which I appreciated.
The beef pad see ew had a good amount of beef as well.
They definitely don't shy away from your protein portions!
Basil 'n Lime serves their pad see ew with regular broccoli.
Perhaps this is consumer's preference but I definitely like my pad see ew with Chinese broccoli, not regular American broccoli.
I feel as though Chinese broccoli gives the ample amount of crunch that a chewy dish such as pad see ew really needs.
Both dishes were at a heat level of 5/10.
I'll tell you what - heat level 5 barely scratched the capsaicin receptors on my tongue!
If you like medium-spicy as I do, you should probably bump it up a notch to a 6, maybe a 7 if feeling a little brave.
I'm not sure if I'll be back for dinner anytime soon.
But I hear they have great lunch specials.
I'm more than open to take a stab at one of those if given the time and opportunity.

As soon as I sat down you can hear the kitchen staff bickering over the music.
Once my entree arrived (Chicken Larb) the servers only came back to my table to give me my check.
They didn't check on us once.
Even after we made eye contact.
The Larb had too much onion and rice powder.
It was way too gritty.
I finished a 3rd of it.

They charged extra for white rice???
ridiculous!!

I used to go here all the time when it first so opened.
I think the food is pretty good for American Thai.
The staff is very friendly and they also do takeout.
I love the pineapple fried rice and the tom young koong soup.
I am sure I just spelled that wrong.
The only downfall is they do not have alcohol.
I love to have a nice Thai Beer with my food.
I wish they would change this.

Been here twice, Good deals during lunch time, $7-$9 for a meal with a side of salad/soup.
Service is good.
Constantly checked on us, were friendly, and were great on refilling our drinks.
The weird thing is that the food isn't too spicy.
You can pick from a scale of 1-10 for the spice of your food, and I was surprised to find that I could handle a 7 (I'm a weak sauce when it comes to spicy food!
A few Hot Cheetos and I'm drinking a gallon of milk).
First time I came was great- The second time I came here, I found that the food was extremely sweet..
The pad thai and even tom yum was more sweet than sour.
My friend said the curry tasted as if he was "drinking thai tea..." So I'll dock off a star there.
But they do have spices and peppers on the side for you to add.
Both times I visited, it was really just my party and one other in the big dining area, which is spacious and beautifully decorated.
Other than the sweetness, it's enjoyable and a great deal for lunch.
I just can't understand why it's called basil 'n lime when it's not found in many of their recipes..
Cute name for a store though!

Just not a good meal.
EVERYTHING was sweet, the yellow curry really lacked flavor and did I mention everything was sweet.
Well, I take that back, the crab rangoon was very good.
Yellow Curry, Tom Yum Koong, Shrimp Pad Thai were ordered.
Hopefully just a bad night for the kitchen.

Good food but the service is so so.. the waitresses dont have much of a personality !!
Place was empty, they need to be a little bit more lively in there, but the thai salad was good

Got the chicken panang and it was great!
The service was good too.
I will be going back!

Well based on the name and all the pictures of limes in this restaurant, I was sure to get a dumb lime with my pad thai to go....not.
Pad thai without lime, simply isn't pad thai.
My first time there.
I was craving thai,  pad thai.
When I walked in, I was greeted, I mean comfronted by a mean girl.
I ordered.
She asked what number heat I wanted, 1 through 10?
Well, how hot is 10 I ask?
Very hot she said.
Getting no where fast and knowing I like it hot, I asked for a 10.
Got home,  no flipping lime and a 10?
Really?
I should have asked for my age, 44.
Also, when I was sitting there waiting for my food, I saw her looking at me then talking to her coworker...
I'm convinced they shat in my food and I still ate it.
Sigh.
On the plus side the portion was decent but Lord, noodles are cheap!
Thinking about it now... my tofu was missing in action....
I'm pretty sure I will be too....never going back.

What a great place.
My Mongolian beef was really good (though could have been hotter).
Service was great and everyone was friendly.
I will definitely come back.

I really like Thai Food so I recommended !
This place and should order Pad Thai!
I am quite sure that is more delicious than Thailand!!!!!
Hungry...:)

Came in yesterday and was a little disappointed.
I ordered the larb chicken, chicken satay, and papaya salad.
The larb had no citrus taste (and the place has lime in the name?
) and had too much of a sweet taste.
I'm guessing they use larb seasoning instead of making it from scratch (that's how it tasted to me at least).
The chicken satay was just okay and the spicy peanut sauce wasn't spicy at all.
I've had authentic Thai food and this is far from it.
The papaya salad was the only great thing that came from this experience.
It was delicious!
- The staff is very friendly as well and the atmosphere is really nice.
I just wish their food was less "americanized".
Maybe their cooking was off yesterday, so I might give it another try.

Delicious and tasty!!
The staff was very friendly and attentive:) I ordered and highly recommend their glass middle salad!
I give this place a 10!!
It was very delicious and the prices were amazingly affordable.
Order the Thai coffee and pad that and pad se ew!
So delicious coming back next week.

This place falls into the "Twilight Zone" of Thai Food.
It's not in a class with either Archi's or Lotus of Siam, but you will get a good meal, very personable service, and the prices are very affordable.
Their Papaya Salad is fair, and it's just okay for what I call "American Favorites" for Thai food are better than most places in town.
I have done well staying with the Chicken Dishes, my friends have tried a variety of other entrees, and seem to be satisfied.
My son is impressed with the quality of the Thai Iced Tea.
Overall, you won't be raving when you leave, but you will not feel that you made a mistake, and you won't feel that you overspent.
It is very large, so you probably won't wait for a table, so it's good for groups.
For a date?
Maybe just lunch.
Go to Archi's or Lotus for a dinner date.

pretty good food.
very attentive waitress.
only issue was i ordered 2 spice.
she somehow heard 6 spice.. was a bit much for me.
but food was fine for everyone else in my party

first time hear and im very impressed clean area i ordered the beef pad thai yummmmmmm

Yum yum yum.
Never had a bad meal here - food always delicious and comes out fast.
Love the Pad Thai, Pad Kee Mao, Panang, and of course the Tom Yung Goong.
The service has always been good.
Great for dine in or take out.
Still my favorite Thai restaurant in Las Vegas.

The lunch special is on point!
BBQ chicken, chicken satay, pad thai, all yummy!
Last time, I ordered the satay to go and then I made the mistake of ordering the lemon chicken for a sit-down lunch and it was drenched in the super sweet lemon sauce..
It was sooo sweet that I just couldn't eat it so I asked for a different dish and they said "only this one time"  and let me order something else instead.
Not sure if that comment was necessary, or if they would have done it if i didn't have another entree on the way also,but I am just glad I didn't get stuck paying for the drenched chicken.
Sooo i probably won't be trying anything new there since they seemed a little hesitant about making sure I liked my food and replacing it when I didn't, but nevertheless I am sure i'll be back there until I find a thai place that suits me better.
Ohh the beef jerky and the tom zapp is good, too.

Lunch specials.
Compared to other thai restaurants, I think this one is okay.
I used to frequent the location more often than I do now, but it seems that the quality of the food has diminished a bit.
Not my favorite, but still good.

