Finally!
The West coast gets smart!
(Or at least Las Vegas!
) A Firehouse Subs has moved in, and has given me new found love for my ol' city.
Please, just go for lunch one day.
You can write this review for me, it's that good.
They offer about ten million types of hot sauces from around the world (hence the name Firehouse) and all work well with all of the subs.
I like to sneak some of the hottest sauces on my boyfriend's while he refills our drinks.
I'm scandalious.
I always get the beef with hot sauce, but my boyfriend calls me disgusting.
I think he gets the Italian.
If its not called that, it's the one with all the meats, and its HUGE!
And toasted!

I have been to this location twice in the last few weeks and both times ordered the New York Steamer...corned beef brisket and pastrami with provolone, mayo, mustard, Italian dressing and dill spear on the side...excellent.
The problem they have is the ability to fill orders quickly...20 minutes for one sandwich of this type is a little long.
A number of other customers appeared to be trying to figure out what was taking so long for their food as well.

My favourite sub place in Vegas, the sandwiches aren't obscenely large like in most places, but they are intensely flavourful and delicious, very satisfying.
I always get the NY Steamer on white, which is hot pastrami and cheese, simple and very very yummy.

Hey!
Not bad at all.
The subs are really good.
The Hook and Ladder is tasty.
The bread's not too filling and hard like other places.
It's just a really tasty sub.
It's also fulfilling.
I also tried their Chief Salad with grilled chicken.
Not bad at all.
I like how they have different types of hot sauces on the counter varying from different levels of spiciness.
The place has enough room to accommodate a number of people.

I was in Jacksonville, FL on business and saw Firehouse everwhere.
I had a friend from Texas who loved the place so I figured I'd stop in.
Turns out, Firehouse was started in Jacksonville and my friend was right about how awesome the subs are.
We have Firehouse in Arizona, but the closest one to me is 40 miles away.
I love a good sandwich, but I don't love it enough to drive that far.
So I've turned Firehouse into my little treat when I travel to Las Vegas on business.
This particular location is close to the hotel where I stay and the offices I visit.
My mouth drools as my car turns onto Eastern as I know I'm close to Firehouse.
I get the same thing everytime, I just can't bring myself to try somethign else.
It's the number 8 (The Engineer) on wheat.
It's everything I've looked for a in sub...good bread, not overloaded with toppings, and warm.
Plus, my hot sauce craving gets satisfied as they have a bajillion hot sauces there to try.

I've been here a bunch of times and if you are looking for a good meatball sub, come here, but, YOU MUST ORDER THE EXTRA CHEESE, or you are missing out.
The new sweet and spicy meatball is good too, has a smoky flavor

If you are a vegetarian and are looking for a great vegetarian sub, do yourself a favor and skip Firehouse - it's not worth your time!
(However, I have to be honest, I gave them two stars because we went on recommendation of my boss who LOVES IT and my boyfriend thought his sub was pretty OK. "pretty OK" doesn't seem that promising to me though.
ha!

Eh.
I've been here a couple times, but I can honestly say I've had a lot better elsewhere.
The bread here is extremely soft/doughy, and doesn't have much of a decent flavor.
The staff here seem a bit disorganized, and the food itself doesn't taste particularly great.
It's honestly not really worth the price that you have to pay to get food here.
There are several places for sandwiches that taste better in the area.
If given a choice between this and Carl's Jr in the same parking lot, I'd pick Carl's anyday.

A local friend took us here for lunch while in Vegas-- Tastiest hot sandwich i have ever had.
Be wary of Daves Insanity Sauce though.
Hopefully they open one in California or else its back to vegas for more!

One of the best subs I've ever had.
The bread is enough where it doesn't fill you up.
The meat is really juicy and flavorful and they give you more meat than other sub-sandwich shops.
The assortment of hot sauces is a really nice touch too.
I had the Hook and Ladder and tried a little bit of Tequila Lime hot sauce which turned out really good.
The people at this location are really friendly and quick.
I picked up a catering menu so my company can start using them for catered lunches.

The NY Steamer which is their beef brisket sub w/ provolone was delicious, however, a major drawback of the place is the price and a lack of selection to accompany their subs.
$16 for two small subs with chips and drink is a little on the high side.

I really wish we had Firehouse Subs in LA because I love their subs.
This location has great parking, a very clean restaurant and cute decor.
Also, the abundant array of sauces to add to your sandwich is a plus.

I very much like their Hook & Ladder Sub.
Very tasty and hits the spot on a lazy afternoon.
A huge array of hot sauces displayed at the counter adds a nice touch.
Lacks 5 stars due to:   1) Cost (a bit too pricey for what it is).
Much better deal to get a JJ Gargantuan at Jimmy Johns.
2) Slow service.
Waited 15min once.
Way too long.
They were pretty busy though.
3) So a large sub combo doesn't actually come with a large drink?
You want me to pay how much more?

This is one of the best sub shops in the Las Vegas area.
There is only one location and every time I go there I forget what I ordered last time.
So it is like I go there for the first time every time.
All the subs are large and they all look delicious.
Don't forget to try out some of their variety of hot sauces.
You can't have a firehouse without a fire!!

Came here for dinner to try the sandwiches, thinking it would be a pretty average sandwich shop.
Ordered a turkey sub, and a BBQ sub.
Sandwiches were pretty good, particularly BBQ sub, which had tender meat and a good sauce.
Good serviceable option, and superior to the standard sandwich shops which I do not patronize (i.e.
subway, port o' subs, etc...)  Price was a little higher, but quality was a little better as well.

Having visited many fire stations for work, I know firemen can cook.
Since the chain was started by firemen and claimed to have great sauces, I had to stop by even if the temperature outside was triple digits.
I ordered the turkey, roast beef with monterey jack cheese (engineer ladder I believe).
It came with lettuce and tomato.
Simple, but very clean and filling.
The bread was nice and warm, the meats and cheese were melted just right.
I love their sauce collection and choices.
The sandwich itself is about $5-6 bucks.
Great place for lunch.
It sure beats the other chains.

Yum.
Yum.
Yum!
I went here for the second time just this weekend.
I thinking it's probably a good thing this is not near my house or I would have to spend twice as long in the gym because I would eat here too often.
I had the Engineer Sub, Fully Involved.
Bread was fresh, veggies were fresh, the sauces were fab and the meat, mushrooms and cheeses were TDF!
Plenty of seats, good selection, short wait during a busy time period, AND they have Coke Zero!
Yay!
I will be back!

If you have never had a Steamed Sub you must try this place.
Be sure you get your sandwich "Full Loaded".
This place has the largest selection of random sauces from BBQ Hot including all your habanero favorites.

I gt there steak cheese sub and I added mushrooms, this sammy was delicious except i think they were canned mushrooms not fresh, they tasted very rubbery... everything else was excellent, service was kinda slow but they were very busy.
I love all the hott sauces they had, I wanted to tey them all but didnt have enough time or sandwhich.
Id def.
go back here again

Cute inside.
Had the italian...it was good...but not the bestest ever.
I would eat it again.

Decent sandwiches.
Fresh ingredients.
Not wowed.
M'eh.
Just okay.

I like this place for a chain restaurant.
It has a mystique about it and a certain "cool" factor to it.
The Subway menu got weird and difficult.
Port of Subs, the franchise owners are very inconsistent 3.
Quiznos - I don't care to eat there if their advertisement is an annoying mouse.
Firehouse subs...I was on my weekly or semi monthly jaunt to Freed's when I saw a line out the door in 100+ degree weather at the restaurant.
I went in finally another time and   a.
Their menu is very easy to order from b.
All the meats are warmed, adding a nice taste.
c.  Large eat in area, great for the kids, positive atmosphere.
d.  For a "non" service restaurant, they provide pretty good servicee.
e.  All those bottles of spices...  very nice.
You will like this place.
I won't blow your mind, but it will be just decent food.

These sandwiches are delicious, but there is one problem....Why is it that only the fire department and police officers get a discount in Las Vegas?
I am in private EMS, and even when in uniform I am told that there are no discounts for us.
Police, Fire and EMS are a TEAM... we work together as public safety guardians!
Please fix this error!

Capriottis is like one thousand percent better.
It's not that this place is bad, it's just Cap's is waaaaaay better.
I kinda think people just like the fireman gimmick.
People love firemen...they can sell anything and people will buy it!
I had the Italian and it had no kick.
It was lacking flavor.
My husband had the cheese steak and he really liked it, but he likes anything.
It's a cool place with great decor but it's not a sandwich mecca.
This is far for us to go for a sandwich and since it didn't knock our socks off, we probably will not be returning.
Like I said Cap's is better.

Struck with a sandwich craving and wanting to try a new place, I wandered on over to this sandwich shop that had been catching my eye for awhile now.
And sadly, I really wish I hadn't.
There are two things that were good about this place: 1) The Rat Pack firefighter mural on the wall.
2) The selection of hot sauces with convenient little to-go cups.
I'm still not quite sure what to make of the service.
Everyone was sorta zoned out and just going through the motions.
No friendliness, no excellence, and quite the air of "you are annoying me, please go away".
But really warrants the 1 star is the food.
I had the chili, steak and cheese sandwich, and smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket.
The chili looked good, even though it came topped with strips of cheddar cheese and rings of onions (not shredded cheese and diced onions), but it was runny and bland.
It was almost inedible.
The steak and cheese sandwich was absolutely inedible.
This is essentially their version of a Philly cheesesteak.
The menu describes it as sautéed sirloin steak, melted provolone, sautéed onions and bell peppers, mayo, and mustard.
The only flavor that I could taste was mayo.
Overwhelming mayo.
And it wasn't good mayo.
There was no mustard and very few onions and bell peppers.
Barely any cheese.
And the meat was completely flavorless.
All served on some horrible bread.
The smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket was an improvement, but only achieved barely edible status (once dipped in hot sauce).
The meat was tender, but flavorless.
The cheese didn't add much to the overall sandwich.
And it was rather soggy.
This pretty much wins as my worst eating experience in Vegas.

This place is great if you have an hour lunch break and you want to sit down and have a nice hot sub for lunch.
Around lunch time, this place can get kinda packed so I wouldn't necessary call it a quick-grab-and-go kinda place.
My favorite sandwich  is the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket with BBQ sauce.
It's so good, it almost taste like real southern BBQ.
With all the sandwiches you can get a combo with a drink and a bag of chips.
The subs come in two sizes, the medium and the large.
Almost equivalent to a 6inch and a foot long.
You won't be able to get enough!

Soooooo superior to Subway.

It was my second visit to Firehouse, the first time it was one of those cases where we're on our way somewhere and needed a quick bite to eat, we were not disappointed.
The subs are delicious with lots of flavor, toppings are plentiful and taste fresh.
The rolls are yummy, soft on the inside and just a tad crusty on the outside.
I've been turned off by Quiznos lately, they don't make em like they use to, they've gotten lazy, and I've tried different locations and it didn't make a difference.
I'll still go to Subway for convienence sake only...they are everywhere.
I still adore Capriottis, I'm from the east coast and this is as close as you can get out here to a "hoagie" that I've experienced (hate the cheesesteaks though).
Never liked PortaSub.
So we tried the Hook and Ladder and the Turkey Bacon ranch...both were delicious, you get a pickle on the side and they have a hot sauce bar if you wish to spice things up.
If you decide to share a sub with someone, they will cut it for you and put it in seperate baskets...its the little things that edge them up the ladder, get it Ladder, cuz its a firehouse.
LOL.
They recently opened one near home, so I will definitely try that location soon.

Great food friendly servIce

Was in the area and decided to give this place a try, after our first two options were closed already.
The store was clean and has nice themed decorations.
The staff was proficient at their job and the sandwich order was prepared and delivered to the table quickly.
This was my first and only visit to any Firehouse Subs, so it took me a few minutes to finally decide on ordering the Steamer (#3) combo that I upgraded from med to footlong for an extra $2 or you can also 2x the meat on the medium size sandwich for $2.
It was a good idea to upgrade the size, as my friend who just ordered the regular combo was still hungry after polishing off his medium sandwich, his bag of chips and the drink.
I was satisfied was the sandwich, but it is on the pricey side.
($7.59 for the large sandwich +$2.19 for the combo + tax = $10.58)  I still think I would get a better deal at Togos (if I was back in California) and Quiznos (especially with coupons and online promos they email).
So in terms of value, I think it lags behind the other sub shops.
Flavor and taste-wise, I thought it was good.
And the best part was trying out the assortment of bottled sauces that are available for patrons to try.
My favorite is the African origin Puri Puri sauce.
Anyway, I am glad I gave it a try, but highly doubt that I will return in the future.
Decor:  4/5  Themed decorations that you know is professionally implemented.
Service:  4/5  They did their job professionally.
Taste:  3.5/5  Pretty good sandwich (Steamer, which is supposedly their top seller).
Value:  2.5/5  On the pricey side, and the portion is on the smallish side.
3 stars.

Went in and got the steak sub.
Gotta say this is one of the better subs I have had around here.
Fairly quick service the bread was soft and tasty.
I also love that they contribute to locals fire safety causes.
I highly recommend trying them!

Best Sub place I've ever been to!
The bread is soft and yummy, the meat warm, the vegetables fresh.
I love their BBQ sauce.
I always get the Hero- Roast Beef, Ham, and Turkey.
YUM-O!
Its always busy at lunch time.
They ever have Sweet Tea!!
Better then Soda any day!!
Everyone is comparing them to Capriottis, but they are two different types of sandwiches!
I dont like Capritottis at all.
Their sandwiches are too thick that i cant even put it in my mouth.
And usually soggy.
Firehouse is the perfect amount of meat and vegtable.

I am a sandwich fanatic.
I am very picky and I usually believe that very very few can make a sandwich as good as me so this review is saying something.
Firehouse Subs is crazy good.
Excellent size, quality, flavor and down right satisfying with a very happy tummy effect.
This is not a over the top Guy Fierri Food Network sandwich.
This is a solid well made sandwhich.
Either 8" or 12" are available.
Size and proportion are top notch.
Moreso is the quality of meat they use.
The flavors of the sandwich I had (Fireman Hero) were out of this world.
As a novelty in the shop they have a rack of various hot sauces for your consumption.
There must have been over 20 different kinds to choose from.
Most important for me to mention is the Captin Sorenson's Datil Pepper Sauce.
OMG!
This sauce is off the hook good.
So good I footed the $4.99 for a bottle to take home with me.
CRAZY GOOD.
Service was friendly and quick.
Atmosphere of the shop was really cool.
Lots of firehouse memorabilia (go figure).
Top marks on cleanliness in the shop and the restrooms.
I AM DONE LOOKING FOR A SANDWICH SHOP IN VEGAS!
This is IT!

I have been a fan of Firehouse subs for almost 8 years, since I ate at one of the very first restaurants in Jacksonville, Florida.
When I stopped traveling for work, Firehouse was one of the chains that I missed the most.
One day, I was at Cars & Coffee across Eastern, stomach growling, grumbling, nay, SCREAMING for food.
When it gets to this point, there is no easy decision, everything and nothing sounds good.
Something caught my eye as my head turned to check out a loud car, a familiar white and red sign, no, it couldn't be.
Scanning actively for the sign again, staring at it incredulously, I thought I had to be imagining something in my hunger induced haze.
Fortunately, I was not imagining it!
I made my way across the street to make a Hook & Ladder intimate friends with my belly in short order.
Ordering my food, I brought out my trusty Firehouse punch card from the East coast and asked the lady how long they had been open.
I was absolutely SHOCKED to find out that they were celebrating their one year anniversary.
How could such delicious food be so close to me, and they not advertise at all?!
My go-to order is always the Hook & Ladder with a sweet tea.
The heated turkey and ham, with melty cheese, mayo, lettuce and tomato just hits the spot, even if it doesn't fill me up, check the nickname, bottom-less pit, remember?
I will say that aside from the register worker, most of the staff does seem rather aloof and distant, when busy or slow, they have always been that way at this location.
My sandwiches are always good, so that is what keeps me coming back.

Upon entering this place, the air was a little smokey from the food being heated.
They really go with that NY firehouse theme, LOL.
Anyhow, on the right side of the place was a fake brick wall with fire hats hanging.
Also, I noticed the little kids were given small hats too.
If you like pastrami get the New York Steamer for $7.88 with chips and drink.
Very delicious.
My wife and I split the large New York Steamer.
It was our first time and we kinda just wanted to sample something.
After we were served they were nice enough to say, "next time tell us you're going to split the meal so we can put them in separate baskets".
Something else that goes a long with fire theme is the barrage of hot sauces you can choose from.
If you're into pop, I mean soda, Firehouse has a very unique soda machine that is touch screen and has up to 120 drink combinations!
Definitely would go again.
I'm really glad I went but, I would suggest to take it to go if you go on the weekends cause this place is packed!
I give Firehouse Subs 4 stars.

This must of been the 3rd time we ate here.
It's always delicious.
But my eyes are always bigger than my stomach.

I like Firehouse Subs.
Yes, I know it's a chain.
But so what.
It's sparkling clean and polished and the service is attentive and fast.
My usual order is a New York Steamer with corned beef brisket, pastrami, melted provolone, mustard, mayo, and Italian dressing.
But they have one thing that really stands out.
On the counter are approximately 40 different kinds of hot sauce from Dave's Insanity to sauces you may have never heard of.
And you are free to try any or all, if you're brave enough.
I took a picture of the sauce rack...I'd hate to know the Scoville count of all those bottles.
This place can be counted on for a good quality sub pretty much every time you walk in the door.
Parking can be interesting sometimes and getting back to Eastern to go North can be tricky.
But it's worth the time to check out.

I wish I had a picture of her (manager's)  face when I walked in at 9:58pm.
Boy was it totally unwelcoming.
You know, the "we're closing in two minutes" grouchy face.
That aside, I love their subs.
My favorite subs ever.
Hook and Ladder with some hot sauce on the side... yum!

Firemen - yum.
Sandwiches - also yum!
Hey, how can I not like a place that is owned and operated by firemen?
Considering my obsession with Rescue Me, I'd say that's pretty much impossible.
On my birthday (May 1st) I decided I would try out Firehouse Subs.
Because guess what?
You can get a free medium sub on your birthday here - your choice of which kind of sandwich!
I decided to do this on my birthday because FS is a bit out of the way for me to drive to, but it's been on my "To Try" list for awhile.
Now I wish there was one right up the block from where I live.
It's so frustrating to be faced with ONE sandwich option in my neighborhood: Subway.
Boo.
As for Firehouse - they have now been moved into my top sandwich spots!
I personally think they are better than Cap's and the setup of the shop is nicer than Cap's as well.
I think the "firehouse" decor adds to the experience and of course, the multitude of hot sauces to sprinkle on your sandwiches kicks everything up a notch!
Excuse my Emeril euphemism.
On my trip I got the Hook & Ladder: ham, turkey, melty cheese, lettuce, tomato, mayo, and this nice deli sauce mustard - mmm!
Without the mustard it's just an ordinary sandwich, but with it - oh my...
The staff was nice and happy about my birthday sub (yay!
) and I really love their Coca Cola machine.
It's like the new ones inside Five Guys burger places.
Overall - 4 Stars!
Not 5 because I do think it's a bit pricey.

The Italian sub is amazing.

I really like the sandwiches here, only problem is that it's far and I gotta drive 19 miles just to get to this place.
They have a lot of hot sauce you can choose from which is really great because I love my ghost chilli powder.
People are friendly and the atmosphere is great.

First time here and was not very impressed.
I got the pastrami sub and theres was 2 little pieces of meat and all bun.
Flavor was good if not for all the bun.
But  I"ll go elsewhere for my sub Fix.
I do like the hot sauce selection...Nice touch there

The subs were delicious like always, except i was less than impressed with the level of customer service.
No one ever said hello or smiled.
It was if they were in hell or just didnt care.
I didnt like that one bit.
I would rather go somewhere with crappier food if the waitress' or cashiers have outstanding personalities or give us amazing service.
I wont be back to this one.

I moved from Vegas to LA 3 years ago.
When i go back to visit I make it a must to stop by here for a sub.
They steam them so the meat is extremely juicy and flavorful.
I ate here once a week when I lived here.
The club sandwich is the best club I have ever had.
Plus they have a million different hot sauces to sample.
You can have a different  sauce on every bite if you wanted.
Try the peach habanero hot sauce......Um now I want to go back.

This is one of those sandwich shops that is fairly new to Las Vegas and tucked into strip malls.
With that said; honestly you forget it's there.
I have eaten here a few times just out of curiosity.
It was pretty good.
They have the fireman theme.
Their flagship sandwich is called the "Hook & Ladder,"  which you guessed it is a fireman reference.
The reason I went here two time in a seven day period is because of a radio commercial.
Yes, a radio ad!
They have blitzed the radio stations promoting their new Pork and Slaw sandwich.
The first 50 times I heard this my brain started to give in.
It was almost like a jedi mind trick via the radio.
After about the 75th time I heard the ad, I said to myself: "I must try this pit smoked pecan pulled pork sandwich topped with Hawaiian cole slaw and pepper jack cheese nestled into a sweet roll!
"  Yeah I know your mouth is watering right now.
I finally made it to the restaurant super stoked and somewhat brainwashed.
When I bit into this sandwich I my taste buds when into shock.
I couldn't believe a pulled pork sandwich could be so tasty!
Stop by and get this wonderful sandwich before it's gone!
The other sandwiches are great too.
Cheers!

I had been wanting to try Firehouse Subs on the recommendation of my best friend who lives in Utah, so I was happy to discover this location in Henderson, NV.
I ordered the meatball sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the Italian Sub.
The meatball sandwich was delicious!
The meatballs were tasty and it was a perfect amount of cheese and sauce melted on top.
The bread was lightly toasted just how I like, and very freshly baked.
The Italian sub that my boyfriend ordered was good, however the oil and vinegar they used was a little too sweet for me.
The restaurant was clean and the people behind the counter were very friendly and efficient.
We were in town visiting hey family member, and would definitely go back and eat there again the next time we're in town.

The second time this has happened so I have to write a YELP to help these people out.
I head into Firehouse it is 3:30 in the afternoon and they're not too busy.
Order food and ask for NO mayo and NO mustard.
I wait for my food and head back to the office open my sandwich and guess what?
You got it!
They put Mayo and mustard on my sandwich.
Not a little mayo but A LOT I can't even scrap it off.
Another annoyance is they made the sandwich upside down (not a big deal but annoying).
Call the store and the Asst.
Manager wants to know if I want to come down in get another one.
NO!
I'll jump in my 130 degree car and take 40 minutes out of my day because of your mistake.
The part that really gets me is they were not busy but there was a whole lot of screwing around going on while I was in there.
Employees off shift hanging out.
Not sure where the owners are but this place used to be GREAT but beware if you go now!
Check your food before you leave if it's to go!

I love the taste and quality of their sandwiches.
Their service is always polite and the place is always clean.
The one downside for me is the price.
At 17 dollars for two large sandwiches that's a bit steep for me.
If I made it a meal then bam I am at  25 bucks for a couple of sandwiches, chips and a drink.
I love their sandwiches but this is a once every six months type of place for me.
If I am going to spend 10-15 dollars a person I will go somewhere that I get a waitress and get to take up a booth for an hour.

Super friendly staff and delicious food!
My fav is the hook and ladder.
The tuna was pretty gross.

Having heard rave reviews about this place from several friends over the years, we finally decided to try it for lunch.
The Good: One if those awesome Coke machines where you can have 642,690,371,625,974+++ combinations.
The Bad: Reading my reviews lately, you would like I have a weirdly super-sensitive stomach and I really don't.
But yeah, this place made me violently ill as well.
I had the Club on a Sub so I don't know if it was the mayo or what it was... but yeah.
Also - the staff was inattentive as hell.
There were a minimum of 12 staff members there and it STILL took 35 minutes to get our food at about 2 in the afternoon on a Saturday.
If this is the norm during the week as well, I would never make it back to work on time.
The staff were more interested in watching the baseball game and talking about each play than making customers' sandwiches.
Someone had to go to the counter three times to ask for the ice machine to be refilled.
And fairly expensive as well, for a sub joint?
We won't be going back.

The food is amazing, but the service is less than par.
We have had 2 separate occasions where we have called to place to-go orders, been placed on hold and been on hold for over 12 minutes - long enough to drive to the restaurant, go inside and order and tell them that I was still holding to place a to go order - TWICE!!
Both times the restaurant was NOT busy.

Firehouse subs are tasty and cheap.
I enjoy the variety of hot sauces to choose from and the touch screen soda dispenser has unique sodas to choose from, like Mello Yellow.
But the last time I was there the workers were unorganized and didn't seem to work well under pressure when it got busy.
I called to order take-out because during rush hour I didn't want to wait in line.
When I arrived my sandwiches were ready; and what I mean by ready is wrapped up, in a bag, ready for me to pick it up.
When I told one of the workers that my sandwiches were ready and I'm ready to pay, she said the cashier who takes take-out orders is on break and I had to wait in line.
There were 3 or 4 people in front of me and and the cashier must've been new because she looked like she didn't know how to take orders.
Guess they didn't want my money right then and there.
After waiting for about 10 mins, two workers came back from their break and one jumped on the other register.
Finally I was able to pay, but the cashier was confused and couldn't find my order.
I'll mostly likely go back again, but what horrible service.
After a long day at work the last thing I want to do is wait in line for sandwiches that were ready to be paid for.

Ok so this is a review from my visit last night 1/21/13 around 8:00PM.
This is my second visit as I visited this location when they just opened up.
I don't remember what I ate that time but what I do remember thinking was that it is just like any other sandwich place in Vegas...well I would like to take that comment back as a result of my visit last night.
I recently stopped eating meat...again, and I'm sure all my fellow vegetarians can agree that it is difficult to find good places that are veggie friendly.
I mean don't get me wrong, places TRY but all they really do is just eliminate the meat from their existing sandwiches.
Well my only option here was their Veggie sandwich.
I didn't read the description as I thought it was going to be the typical lettuce, tomato, cheese sandwich.
Well to my surprise my regular sandwich was loaded with grilled onions, grilled green bell peppers, grilled mushrooms, and ofcourse the lettuce and tomato.
I was so happy to see that they made the extra effort in creating a veggie option rather then just removing the meat from an existing sandwich.
What I also liked about this place was that they have over 20 different types of hot sauces ranging from 1-10 in heat.
I had some sort of raspberry hot sauce with my sandwich which made it all the better!
I will definitely come back...Great job guys~!

First of all I think the sandwiches here are fantastic!!!
I have been to firehouse many times now.
I feel that the place is starting to lack in customer service a lot.
I dont understand what is the complication to make a sandwich in this shop.
Honestly their customer service sucks now.
They are so slow and uncaring.
1. two weeks ago I ordered a chicken sub plus 2 more.
I payed for all sandwiches and they tell me that they are out of chicken.. ok fine.. put turkey.. Cashier says no problem she switched my  order accordingly.
I did not have to pay anything extra.
What I did not realize until later was that.. it was actually cheaper to get a turkey sandwich so I was overcharged.
She did not bother to do a return.
Nice.
I waited forever to get the sandwiches..It was not any busier than a quiznos would be.
I ordered ONE turkey sandwich last Saturday from my house for take out.
I figured since they have been slow making sandwiches..
I will call in to give them more time.
I called.. and they said.. 10 minutes..
I left my house and got there in the 10 minutes..
I still had to wait an additional 20 minutes just to get a sandwich.. 30 minutes for ONE sandwich?
are you kidding me?
This place is really lacking on focus.
I dont know if they owners realize this but I dont remember waiting 30 minutes for a sandwich anywhere EVER!!!
I am real disappointed.
If they were more efficient I would be there at least 2 times a week...now I am starting to not go because I dont feel like waiting so long.
Maybe they need more training.
I dont know if the other locations are this slow.
Sandwiches..
I love them.. customer service.. not so much.

Fabulous food, quick service!
Love the pickle with your sub!

DELICIOUS subs, made fresh to order, able to customize, very friendly, helpful staff.

Just ate the Italian sub and give it 4 stars.
I walked in on a Friday night at 7pm and didn't have to wait to order and my sandwich was ready in about 8 minutes.
In and out in less than 10 minutes is always good.
By the time I drove the 10 minutes home and opened up the sandwich, it was still warm and tasty.
The only problem was that the oil leaked and half the bread was soggy - which does not make for a good sub experience.
Nobody wants soggy bread!
Since the sandwich was ginormous, it didn't really matter that I skipped the soggy parts - it was still plenty of food for one person.
All in all, a good sandwich deal in town.

The staff were very friendly and subs were great.
Love the "Red Pepper' souce.
I would recomend Firehouse Subs every time.

My favorite place for a quick sandwich.
A lot of food for the price.

So as an Employee if Port of Subs, I Must say this place ROCKS!!
1)Customer Service- This place has it.
which is HUGE in my book.
Personality, Greeting the Customers and making them feel Welcome.
The Enviorment was great, very upbeat place, there were several Customers both visits to this Location.
you had to wait a minute for your food as they made it for you.
you are able to customize what you get on it, which is a plus.
if you don't want mustard, your welcome to let them know.
I have had the Chicken Salad Sandwhich both Visits with my sister, as she works across the Street at Republic.
my son and I shared the Medium Sandwhich with the meal.
the first time we Split it, I didn't ask to see if we could get it in seperate baskets, but the second Visit they surprised us and as I said I was splitting it with my son they put each half of the Sandwhich in 2 seperate baskets.
it was very kind of them.
I would Recommend this place if you would like a Change up.
I wish they had more Firehouse Subs threw out Southern California AND more Port of Subs, Also instead of Subway (not a fan- only if people REALLy knew about subway).
I will continue to ear here, anytime I'm in the Neighborhood.

We were going to eat here but decided not to at this time since we had just ate breakfast and knew where we wanted to eat lunch and dinner,so this is my first review where we went in talk to the family owned place which they were  so very nice and friendly the owner,son and daughter, this place was spotless I wonder if it is like that all the time and not because they had just open for the day, this place is founded by Firemen's,there are so many fire Items around in here,from the photo's,fire coat's and hat's,the deco is so cool like you are in a fire house eating.
We will absolutely eat here so I can review the food too.Almost forgot to say that when you sign up for the newsletter you receive a free large drink when you purchase a sub.sandwich also promo's, offer's,and a free med.
celebratory sub.

This place makes tasty subs but my favorite part is the hot sauce bar, I like to try a new one every time I visit!
The Engineer sub is my most recent choice, as well as the club sub.
The staff is always friendly here too.
I'm also a fan of the soda machine because of all the options you can choose.
I'm glad to see more locations opening up around the Vegas valley, this sub shop is easily one of favorites!

Smokehouse beef brisket and cheddar is the absolute best sub ever!!!!
This may be blasphemy, but the brisket n BBQ sauce in this sandwich rivals that of any BBQ joint I've ever been to.
Yes, it's that damn good!!
Go and get one...
NOW!!

Awesome sandwiches, the menu is meaty, cheesy, saucy and hot!
The staff is also friendly, helpful, and went out of their way to be nice to the kids.
They have one of those soda machines with just one nozzle but like a million different flavors of soda inside, I get a small soda just so I can refill a lot...Vanilla root beer, grape Sprite...mmmm  The brisket is very good.

My husband and I had this for a late lunch this past Saturday and had the steak and cheese sandwiches.
I loved their soda machine, but my meat was not completely cold, but definitely less than warm and for a hot sandwich, I would expect the steak to be hot.
Other than that, the staff was friendly, but I would probably try out a different firehouse subs shop.

Good quality sandwiches.
Tastes better than subway or other sandwich shops.
Friendly and fast service.
I have not found a better sub sandwich in Las Vegas.

