Beautiful office, awesome staff.
The hygienists are very nice and have a gentle hand when they do the cleanings.
Plus there are little perks that a lot of dental and medical practices seem to forget these days.
They are really good about reminding you for your appointments and I have never had longer than a 5 or 10 minute wait for my appointment.
My only quibble with them, is that they are always going for the upsell (whitening, straightening, oral cancer screening?).
Thankfully, they've toned it down quite a bit recently, and if you give them a firm "not interested" they leave you alone.

This is by far the best denitist I have ever been to.
Everyone in the office is super friendly, well educated and very helpful.
You can tell that everyone really gets along and they work well with each other.
After years of shopping around for quotes and advice on getting Lumineers, I finally decided to give it one more whirl with Dr. Cook.
I loved his honest approach as to what would work for me and what wouldn't.
I had had several dentists agree to only do the top 4 and promised me I wouldn't walk away unhappy.
When I talked this over with Dr. Cook he advised me that only doing 4 wouldn't satisfy me and I would most likely walk away hating my new smile.
I decided to go ahead and get the Lumineers after my consultation with Dr. Cook.
It was the best decision ever!
Words cannot describe how much I love my new teeth.
They look completely natural and they feel natural as well.
Dr. Cook really knows what he's doing and he wants to make sure his patients are satisified with his work.
Getting Lumineers was the best decision and investment I have ever made.
I will now refer everyone I know to Dr. Cook and I always praise his work for friends, family & coworkers.

Central Valley Dentistry is the BEST dentist i have been to in quite some time.
The front desk receptionist was VERY friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.
I trusted her with billing as she was very confident about my insurance and her office billing procedures.
Dr. Cook was Awesome!
He took the time to explain thoroughly; in regular terms  course of treatment and the health of my mouth and teeth.
The dental hygienist was Very knowledgeable explained everything before and while she was doing the procedures, also discussed costs up front, nothing hidden.
Overall my experience at this office was spectacular.
I will definitely   stay with this office and doctor.

Dr. Cook and his staff and amazing!
My cleanings are done perfectly and they NEVER try to upsale me on anything that is not in need of work .
If they recommend a whitening it's because of how much better it makes my smile look.
Sometimes you have to trust in their opinion because they are really looking out for you.
I recently had 2 veneers done and wow they have changed my smile and I love it!!!
Listen to the professionals, I did and I love my teeth now!
Thanks Central Valley Dentistry!

After searching for a great dental office , I am happy to say that I have finally found one!!
From the moment I walked in the door I instantly felt at peace.
The pristine and fragrant atmosphere reflects the pride in which everyone takes in their work.
The office staff is amazing and very welcoming.
They take the time to explain everything and are very transparent.
The hygienists are amazing!!
Never have I had my teeth cleaned like I have here.
They are very friendly and are great at making you feel at ease.
Dr. Cho is wonderful, as well.
He is a perfectionist and takes his time to do the job right.
I really appreciate his attention to detail.
He doesn't force procedures on you, yet thoroughly explains everything to help you make the best informed decision for your needs.
I am more than happy with my dental office and highly recommend them!

I am very pleased with the services I have received from everyone here.
I had a broken tooth and was able to get it repaired and a crown made all in the same appt.
Am now returning for cleanings.
Would recommend Dr. Cho and his staff to all who are looking for a kind and professional dental office.
Definatey have to give this review a "5 Star"!!!

I've only been here twice, once for severe pain in what ended up being a root canal and now for the crown.
They are always so friendly and everyone always has a smile.
I recommend everyone nearby give Dr. Cho and his staff a try!!!
:-)

I was on a routine visit when my hygienist noted on my x-ray that my crown had a small gap, after consulting with Dr. Cho we planned to have him redo it.
Had it not been taken care of, I wouldn't have know and could have had some serious dental issues down the road!
The new crown is perfect!!
I love coming here!
The amazing staff and Dr. Cho go above and beyond for me!
Always get top notch dental service!!
Looking for an awesome dental group, please come here!!
Thank Central Valley Dentistry!

Just had a terrific experience here.
I needed an emergency procedure on the eve of a holiday weekend.
From first contact to the procedure itself, everyone in the office was friendly, helpful and professional.
And Dr. Cho got it done.
I now have a new dentist...  Actually, I have a new dental office.
The whole experience felt like I had just been assigned an entire team.
Highly recommended.

I came here to get a crown.
They have a machine that can make crowns on the same day.
My new crown is beautiful and metal free.
Plus, the shot didn't hurt.

Central Valley Dentistry rocks!
I have been in  a few times and they never made me wait and  really made me feel comfortable.
Dr. Cho is super cool and really good at what he does.
He took the time to explain all the steps I would be going through for my Invisalign treatment.
I'm super excited and it's only going to take 13 retainers to get my teeth straight!!

I switched to Central Valley Dentistry last month and have been very satisfied.
The staff are very friendly and helpful.
I don't have to wait where i go there.
My dentist also took the time to show me phots of my teeth and what needed fixed.
I also got to watch Netflix during a procedure I had which was an added bonus.

I am very pleased with the care and service I've received at Central Valley Dentistry.
I was in pain and they got me in the same day.
Dr. B gave me options and recommendations and was able to repair my fractured molar (root canal) the same day which gave me a lot of confidence.
I love all the new technology they use and was very happy to have my new porcelain crown designed, created and installed in the same sitting.
NO MORE PAIN!!!
The entire staff was helpful, knowledgeable and really very sweet.
Dr. B is the best dentist I've ever had!

I did not want to like them as it would be the perfect excuse never to go back.
It had been 5+ years since I have stepped foot in a dental office, partially because I was not insured and partially because I am a big baby.
It started out really good as they were running 25 minutes late for my scheduled appointment, then all went bad after that as the staff were really nice and welcoming.
They truly made me feel like I was their most important client of the day.
They talked to me about my dental issues without any up selling that I have come to expect.
As some others have mentioned, Dr. Cho is great.
He took every opportunity to whip out his iPad to show me illustrations of issues I am having making it very easy to understand.

Extremely pleased with the service I received.
They even did a no charge consultation for me when I had additional questions.
I appreciate the doctor's conservative approach.
Clean and modern office, friendly staff.
Were very helpful with finances as well.

There is something fishy going on here.
I suspect this dentist provides some sort of reduction in cost or some other benefit in exchange for a 5-star review from his clients.
He is essentially trying to game the system.
At any rate, I had an appointment at 10:30 and arrived a few minutes before.
They had me sign a few forms and then made me wait about 20 minutes until somebody took me back.
When I initially made the appointment, I said that I wanted to get my teeth cleaned.
Instead what happened, is that all of my teeth were x-rayed, counted, poked and prodded.
A dental assistant explained to me what she had found, then the doctor came around to tell me his thoughts.
Then they said, "Thanks!," gave some toothpaste and a toothbrush and told me to wait in the lobby again until somebody was ready to coordinated further appointments with me.
When I speak to someone at a dentist office and tell them I want my teeth cleaned, I have a reasonable expectation that my teeth be cleaned before I leave.
I consider my time and money to be valuable and any business that does not feel this way about my time and money will not be given a positive review.
I wasted over an hour getting my teeth x-rayed at Central Valley Dentistry, because I will not be returning.
In the future, I would recommend that they do what the client requests and instead move the x-rays to the second appointment or split it up into multiple appointments.
A few years ago, I went to a dentist in Avondale and immediately got my teeth cleaned, so don't give me that bullshit excuse about how you need to get your teeth x-rayed first.
In addition, My dentist in Washington State informed me that Central Valley Dentistry took too many unnecessary and redundant x-rays of my teeth, essentially billing my insurance provider twice for the same thing.
He informed me that insurers in Washington would not pay for this sort of thing.
You have to ask yourself: why would a dentist office take unnecessary x-rays and push back a requested teeth cleaning to another day?
This office is clearly trying to squeeze more money out of their clients.

I wish I could add another few stars.
Dr. Babak Behbahani makes my trip to the dentist a pleasant one.
Late one evening I had severe tooth pain and Dr. Behbahani saw me right away.
I had not gone to the dentist in years because I was afraid of the pain.
Dr. Behbahani took the time to sit down with me and explain that I had an infected tooth and the infection spread to two other teeth.
I ended up getting three teeth pulled and two bone graphs.
I felt no pain.
Dr. Behbahani made sure I was comfortable through out the whole procedure.
He personally even called me the next day to check how I was doing and to make sure I had no questions.
I no longer fear going to the dentist.
I have referred some friends and family members to Dr. Behbahani and they all had wonderful experiences.
Dr. Behbahani does great work and takes the time to make sure his patients are comfortable.
I will never see another dentist and I will continue to refer all my friends and family to him.
Dr. Behbahani's staff also goes out of the way to make sure that I am taken care of.
They are very prompt at calling back and getting me in for an appointment.
Very pleasant to talk to as well.
All around a comfortable experience.
I am very satisfied.

Dr. B is a wonderful dentist.
I hate having dental work done, but he is very patient and takes time to make sure I'm at ease with what's being done.
The office staff is very efficient and polite (rare to find a combination of both).
I highly recommend Central Valley Dentistry.

