One of the best Gourmet bakeries that we have had a chance to try out here in LV.
My current favorites include a sponge cake ball soaked in orange liqueur and a chocolate variant soaked in rum.
Their specialties are made to order wedding cakes, it seems, but they always have a great selection of pastries and sweets ready to go when you walk in.
Definitely the place I go to when the sweet-tooth needs to be satisfied.

where else can you go for 48 hr notice specialty wedding cake?!?!
awesome.
from what i hear, one of the best in Vegas!

I ordered a poker chip cake for a birthday and the cake looked fantastic!
It was also really really delicious.
Probably the best red velvet i've had.
If you go to vegas, take that drive to this bakery and try their goods!

Just a random walk in customer for over 5 years now, HUGE chocolate covered strawberries.
Always good and juicy!
The fiance and I love it.
Never ordered a cake or anything from here, but most likely will for our wedding one day.
Good location / easy to get to / convenient

I found this bakery, read all the high reviews and decided to use them for our mothers birthday party.
Not only where they professional,  but they did an extraordinary job on the cake.
It was so beautiful that we didn't want to eat it.
However glad we did eat it, as it was THE most delicious cake I have ever tasted.
I will now seek out people who have birthday's coming up so I can order their cake again.
Seriously, I was 100% satisfied on a visual level, and my taste buds were exploding with ecstasy.
I highly recommend this place.

I love this place and I don't even like sweets or pastries.
My wife has been addicted to their sugar cookies for some time now...and they are delicious.
Recently a friend told us about their delicious sugar pies.
I've never had one nor would I have ever ordered one.
I looks a little bland.
We brought one to a friends house for a dinner party and the whole family has been addicted to them since.
I haven't tried anything else but it all looks yummy.
Service is always friendly.
Try it sometime soon.
We'll likely order our next bday cakes from Leopolds.

I love bakeries like this, where you can walk in and feel like one of the family.
Leopold's is run by the family, and they are friendly and very helpful.
They have a precise array of pastries and ready-to-go cakes for those last minute needs.
Their strawberry shortcake and sugar cookies are my absolute favorite, and I will now make it a weekly trek for half a dozen every Wednesday.
They have a website where you can order a cake via internet and even have it delivered!!!
The other great thing is that you can call in, pay over the phone, and have them deliver it or have it ready at a certain time and date.
Their prices are great for the quality, and I am definitely a fan of their great concoctions.
Gorgeous cakes, pastries, and petits fours.
Their sugar cookies are their signature, so stop by for a few!
I'm dying for more.

It took me forever to find a good bakery to make my wedding cake--it seemed I could either have a bakery that made a pretty cake or made a delicious cake, but not both....until I found Leopold's.
The price was VERY reasonable, the employees are so friendly, the desserts are so yummy and my wedding cake was done exactly as I'd hoped and the colors matched perfectly.
I wanted fresh flowers for my cake top, so when I took the flowers in to Leopold's, the employee asked me what I wanted them to look like.
I told her to do whatever she thought would look nice and as long as it looks good, then I'd be happy!
It was gorgeous and I couldn't have asked for anything more!
The version of buttercream frosting is a little different than what I'm used to, but it still tasted delicious and even better than the traditional stuff.
We had many compliments at our wedding about how delicious the cake was.
The red velvet with strawberry mousse filling is to die for and the chocolate cake with chocolate ganache and chocolate mousse filling comes in a close second!
Leopold's is now our preferred cake baker for my family and my best friend/matron of honor--all of our cakes for any celebration come from Leopold's, and every time we're in the area, we stop in for a dessert.
So yummy, SOOOO worth it!

I LOVE Leopold's for their eclairs.
I've tried their Strawberry Shortcake and the cake wasn't moist at all which was a bit of a dissappointment.
I also ordered a birthday cake there and the cake was moist, but the frosting dyed everything blue and there was just too much frosting.
Overall I think its a decent bakery, but I will only go back for certain sweets.

We ordered our wedding cake from them and it was beautiful.
They did an awesome job I was truly amazed with how the cake turned out.
it looked great and it tasted even better.
We did a red velvet tier and two strawberry shortcake tiers.
We receievd so many raving reviews about the cake.
Everyone loved it.
I was so happy there were leftovers.

I recently went to pick up a strawberry shortcake, which they have available fresh in the morning so you don't have to order in advance.
Their strawberry shortcake reminds me of the Japanese strawberry shortcake back home.
Fluffy, filled with whipped cream and freshly sliced strawberries, this particular cake is springtime on a plate.
You must try their small pastries.
I bought a fruit tart but for some reason my fruit was rotten.
I guess I picked the bad one.
Overall, though, in terms of their cakes, I'm a fan!

My co-worker had his wedding cake done here.
He has been telling me about this place and we finally went.
I got the red velvet cake and strawberry shortcake.
Red velvet had rich cream cheese frosting.
The cake was very moist.
Strawberry shortcake is wonderfully light and creamy.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a yummy dessert or something more extravagant for a special occasion.

I went to Leopold's for a birthday carrot cake.
I have to say it was one the moistest cakes I have ever eaten.
However it was the first carrot cake that I have ever had without cream cheese frosting.
That fact made me sad.
Butter cream frosting just didn't do this cake justice.
It was over powering and uncomplimentary to the cake itself.
I can see they know how to make a cake.
Next time I will give a little direction on how to frost it.

I had a custom "Vegas" cake made here recently.
Don't get me wrong, it was a beautiful cake, but I was disappointed with the taste.
I got white cake with vanilla custard filling.
There was frosting and fondant accents.
Based on the pictures of the cake I saw before ordering, I mistakenly thought the entire cake was covered in fondant (which is what I wanted).
It wasn't.
The fondant, which clearly is the part I look forward to the most, had a strange "pasty" taste to it.
The cake/filling/frosting were about average.
I didn't think the cake was worth the price I paid, but it wasn't terrible.
My awesome, custom birthday cake, purchased from an independent baker we know, was far less expensive and tasted much better.
Unfortunately, I have not yet been able to find a "true" bakery in Las Vegas.
Leopold's has some potential--the treats in the display cases looked tempting--but they have a tiny selection.
Based on my experience, I may or may not return.

What's not cooking at Leopold's bakery is any semblance of service, responsibility or follow up.
We called for a cake for our wedding and spoke to Nick.
Nick said we had to talk to Alicia who was gone for the day, but would call us the next day.
No call, and Nick's promised follow up call never came either.
So... we followed up the next day.
They claimed that they left us a message on all three phones (mobiles and land line) but we received no messages.
Then, Alicia had gone for the day, so she was going to call us back the next morning.
Again, no call, but this time I followed up and called her myself.
Now, she said that they could not deliver the cake on the day that they said they COULD deliver it when first I spoke to Nick.
However, Alicia said she could "definitely" do it on Saturday if the restaurant where we were having our reception dinner could store it for a night.
Alicia told me to call them and then call her back and "I'll get you a cake on Saturday.
" Okay, so I called the hotel restaurant and they said no problem, so my fiance called Alicia back.
"Oh no," Alicia said, "I told your husband when I called him this morning that we could not deliver a cake this weekend.
" What is she smoking?
First of all, she did not call me, I called her.
Second, she was the one who told me that she could do it on Saturday.
It was not even my idea!
Now, it was impossible, even though she said she could do it?
Needless to say, now it is too late to have anyone else do the wedding cake, so we are completely without one.
Fortunately, we're in love and not have a wedding cake because Leopold's has the worst follow up and worst customer service I have ever experienced will not spoil anything for us.
But, if you want good service and you want to have your wedding cake for your special day, please, please, please DO NOT USE LEOPOLD'S!
Use Freed's or Retro or one of the other respectable bakeries.
Leo's may have amazing cakes, but what good is that if they do not value you as a customer enough to even deliver on their promises to you on such an amazingly important and special day as your wedding day?

Being a Canadian, one thing I've learned, the baked goods in the USA  need a little work.
Now, I've searched high and long for some great baker products in Las Vegas and I came across Leopolds.
They have great baked goods, but unfortunately, you end up feeling like you've been taken advantage of, it's quite pricey, but good.

i am so happy to have found this place.
I am from Los Angeles and visited a friend in Vegas.
I called up looking for a low sugar cake(birthday).... and thats when I fell in love with Leopold's Bakery (and Nick)!!!
:) Nick made me feel like instant family!!!!
He supplied with me tons of options.
I ordered the cake the next day... the strawberry shortcake with whipped cream frosting!!!
Woohooo delicious!!!!
They turned this around soooo quickly.
It was absolutely perfect for my friend's birthday and more importantly his 4 year old son (who doesnt get much sugar at all).
It helped make a perfect night.
I am a customer for life!!!!
The only thing I could possibly complain about....
I spent an hour the next day cleaning frosting off of the carpet... but leopold's had Nothing!!!
to do with that!!!
P.S.
Nick and his band Rock..... you should check them out!!!!
Thanks for rocking the world Leopold's!!!

Don't order from here if you actually want your cake.
Terrible, terrible customer service on an item that was very important to us, our wedding cake.
Nick is a nice guy and I think he did what he could.
I placed an order with him for our wedding cake.
Living in California, I chose from their website, size, frosting, flavors on the layers, the whole deal.
The first day I called, Nick took the message for a woman named Alicia, who he said is in charge of wedding cakes, and promised a call back later that day.
She did not return the call, so I called again the next day.
She still was not there and I got Nick again.
He said, "I am off tomorrow.
But, if I have to drive in personally, I will make sure she returns your call.
"  She didn't and he was off.
The next day I got him again and this is the day he took the order himself.
He again promised this mysterious Alicia would call us for delivery details and whatnot.
She did not.
The next day, my now husband called the bakery while I stood next to him.
He got Alicia!!!
However....Alicia told him that she could no longer make the cake because they were completely booked on deliveries for that day.
My husband asked if she could make it if it could be delivered the day before the wedding?
She said she could and told him to make arrangements with the hotel to accept delivery and store the cake and call her back.
He told her we would call the Palazzo and make the arrangements.
I called the Palazzo and they were wonderfully accommodating.
They would be prepared to accept delivery the day before the wedding and they would safely store the cake for us.
I called Alicia and was pleased to actually reach her.
I told her my name and let her know the Palazzo had agreed to accept the cake the day prior.
She then proceeded to tell me that we had not ordered a cake with them.
I told her that we had, that I had personally placed the order with Nick and recounted the details of the order.
This is the best part: she told me that it had not been written up on the correct form and therefore we had no order  AND  that when she called my husband yesterday (he had called her and I was standing next to him) she had already told him that.
I moved forward with an attempt at logic.
(I will confess irritation at this point so I might not have been my usual lovely self.
I was starting to think about how little I care about cake in the scheme of things.
) I pointed out that I had been standing with him and she had told us to follow up with the hotel to see if we could have an earlier delivery date and why would we have wanted that if there was no order an no possibility for an item (cake) to be delivered.
She was as helpful as she had been the entire time and just kept repeating that she told my husband yesterday that she could not do the cake.
So we seriously had no wedding cake at our wedding.
She did take the time to go on Yelp and respond to my husbands accurate Yelping about Leopold's.
She said that I misunderstood her.
The wedding hadn't happened yet, so he told her to make it happen (the cake) and it would all be fine.
We never heard another thing.
As an aside, when I called the Palazzo to cancel the delivery arrangement, they said they usually do business with Freed's and I should use them the next time I need a cake in Vegas.
The whole wedding day I kept thinking Leopold's would do SOMETHING the day of the wedding.
But they never showed, called, nothing.
On a fun note, someone who knew nothing of our cake situation sent a surprise box of cupcakes (obviously not from the non-performing Leopold's) to the concierge for us at the hotel.
So we had a cupcake festival in the privacy of our room!
Best of all?
I have the one and only man of my dreams for my husband.
I am sure there will be lots of cake in our future!

We live in San Diego and planned our wedding in Las Vegas.
After searching the internet it appeared that Maria's, Freed's and Leopold's are the main bakerys that make and deliver wedding cakes.
Leopold's allowed us to bring in our own cake decorating flowers and had charged the least for delivery so we went with them to help with our budget.
We ordered a two tier cake.
Chocolate with chocolate mouse on the bottom and cheesecake on top.
The cake looked beautiful for the pictures and the flowers were placed perfectly.
I took the first bite of cheesecake and leaned to my bride, holding back a laugh, and said it tasted like insect replellant.
I the then tasted the chocolate and couldn't believe how dry and flavorless it was.
I laughed again and said it tasted like cardboard.
We were in a great mood and laughed as she spit it out her bite.
Even the three kids at the reception didn't have more than one bite of cake.
When have you ever seen that before!
Perhaps I should have read the reviews on yelp first, but hopefuly my review will help you.
This bakery should be in the wedding cake model business.
Perhaps their time has come and gone.
A+ for appearance.
F for taste.

Service with a Smile!
The young man at the front counter was such a delight and a cutie too.
Everything looked so good that we were there for a while trying to decide what we wanted.
The young man answered all our questions and made quite a few suggests.
He suggested the carrot cake slice and the red velvet cake slice, which was perfect.
The carrot cake had so much fresh shredded carrots and moist and the red velvet was moist and not too sweet.
The frosting on both was lite and just right on the sweetness.
We also got the square Almond Bar, so lite and flaky and the almond taste really stands out.
I also looked through their sample book of cake designs and it had some pretty creative cakes.
I will stop by for sure on my next visit to Las Vegas.

My sweet tooth monster was loud and demanding some fresh baked goodies so the hubster and I turned to yelp to find something close to home.
Found Leopold's and decided to check it out after reading the reviews.
First impression was good friendly customer service and it smelled sweet and yummy inside.
Easy to find and plenty of parking.
We ordered a cream puff, 2 cupcakes, a canolli, chocolate mousse, and an almond mousse bar covered in ganache.
The cream puff and chocolate mousse were soooo good.
The canolli and almond bar were tastey.
The cupcakes were awful!
Dry and flavorless I expected so much more.
I would return for the cream and mousse but nothing else.

I have ordered the strawberry shortcake here many times.
So when I needed a custom cake, I knew I had to go to Leopold's.
I almost got the strawberry shortcake because it is so light and good, but given that the guest of honor for the baby shower I was throwing was a huge chocoholic, I went with Devil's Food cake with strawberries and vanilla ganache (I think!).
The guy at the bakery was very friendly and helpful.
He had a lot of great suggestions.
I showed him a pic I found of a cake I liked and he suggested buttercream hand design instead of fondant.
Woo-hoo!
Cause fondant tastes like paste.
Given the reviews on here about people's cakes not being ready, I made sure to call and confirm a couple days before my event.
Had absolutely no problems!
It was definitely pricey but the cake tasted good (although a little dry) and I was very happy with how it looked.
My friend was also very happy and I would return to Leopold's for a custom cake again.
Although I still think the strawberry shortcake is the way to go!

Best pastries I've ever had in my life!
Once you've tried their cakes made with real butter cream that completely melt in your mouth you will never want to go back to those horrible plastic tasting dense sugar loaded cakes from chain grocery stores.
These guys are the real deal, their ingredients are amazing and you will be blown away!
Their prices are great and very affordable for the quality that you're getting!

They have a bit of a pigeon problem

place is clean, service is friendly, but i'm reviewing the baked goods and it just wasn't that great.
i order the strawberry shortcake because it was the most popular item, and also an eclair just to try.
the eclair shell is standard and the pastry cream filling is grainy.
boo!
the strawberry shortcake is, well, no better than grocery store stuff.
the cake is dry and crumbly, and the filling of whipped cream, pastry cream, strawberries is nothing special.
i have to say the best part about the shortcake is the whipped cream.
tsk tsk!

German chocolate cake shopping - review # 2:   After Layers didn't even offer this decadent item, I thought this place would definitely be a shoe-in as it was reccommended by a girlfriend.
Ouch.
It was very dry, tasted sour / bad like the condensed milk used in the coconut topping had expired or went very bad...  was very disappointed.

I believe that if I wasn't Leopold's first customer, I was certainly one of the first and the first to order a cake from him when he opened in 2002.
It was for my wife's 50th and the best d***** cake I've ever had.
We lived around the corner and my wife-monitored diet notwithstanding, I used to sneak over and pick up pastries over there frequently.
He is, by the way, a candymaker by trade.
We have since bought cakes and other pastries, as well as candy from the shop and it is absolutely great.
Everyone here like's Fried's (Freed's?
), but as far as I'm concerned, this is the best bakery in town.

I have been here many times, for many occasions over the last 10 years.
Each and every time I have been pleased with the cakes and pastries.
I can tell from recent reviews that Leopold not baking 100% of the time might be the problem.
The prices have increased dramatically over the last 2 years, so I visit less often.I think businesses make this mistake of dramatically increasing prices when times are tight...
But you cannot go wrong with the strawberry shortcakes, eclairs, or numerous other pastries that are delicious.

My first experience with this bakery occurred several years ago when I decided to purchase my sister's wedding cake as a gift.
She specifically wanted a three tier cake that had a different flavor of cake at each layer, but many bakeries were against this idea and tried to impose what they thought would be better instead.
We went here and she was able to get exactly what she wanted, with everything costing less than $200.00.
Her cake consisted of a bottom layer of strawberry shortcake (which is the best strawberry shortcake I have ever had), a middle layer of chocolate cake with chocolate mousse and the smallest layer at the top was lemon with lemon mousse.
All reasons, in themselves, to visit this bakery.
Recently, I have begun to order more upscale cakes for our office birthdays than the ordinary grocery store cakes.
For the first few, I called around and was very agitated to be greeted by frustrated people that were mostly interested in informing me of their 48 hour turn around than gaining a new client.
After finally remembering this place, I called and was greeted by salespeople that seemed to genuinely want to help me.
More times than not, I have hit a birthday that was forgotten and called to get a rush cake done, which they have completed every single time.
This is my bakery for all events that require baked good!

I bought a $10 for $20 Groupoon to Leopold's a while ago and waited the very last minute to use it.
Actually, according to the Groupon, I should've had one more day since it expired on Feb 12, but Leopold's isn't open on Sundays.
I'm glad I checked their hours and found out they wouldn't be open on the expiration date.
I would've been pretty pissed...
The young man that was working when I went in was very nice and knowledgeable about all the pastries they had.
I ended up getting one slice each of he strawberry shortcake an tiramisu, a fruit tart, cream puff, creme brulee, and some cookies to add up to exactly $20.
I brought the box of treats home right away to share with my family (I'm soo nice).
My dad had a couple cookies with his coffee and said they were really good.
I ate the creme brulee, which had too much of a caramel taste for me, but it was still nice and creamy.
The top layer of the strawberry shortcake was actually kind of stale, but the rest of it was tasty.
The cream puff was probably my favorite out o everything I tried (I didn't get to try the fruit tart or tiramisu).
It was very creamy, you might as well just eat it with a spoon, and the strawberries were fresh.
It also had some custard on the bottom, which I really enjoyed.
Overall, I thought all the pastries were just okay.
I originally bought my Groupon because I wanted to buy a whole cake here though and I'm sure I would've liked that more than their single pastries.

The cupcake was amazing!
Just about everything was good.
I only like the whipped cream frosting.
Their cake frosting is way to rich and sweet.

DELICIOUS pastries and I can't wait to have a reason to buy a cake.

We tried this bakery for the first time this morning.
Picked up a couple of pastries and found them to be delicious.

I actually found out about this place on accident, I was waiting for pizza hut to make my food and just decided on dessert.
Place was so good I returned almost daily.
The staff is pretty nice, I've ordered several cakes for events and never had any issues or delays.
Plus they are always trying new pastries which I appreciate  All in all, if you come here you will be hooked.
Guaranteed!!

I have only had 2 specialty made cakes from here, the first was a chocolate cake with dark chocolate ganache icing and was very good.
The reason I only gave 3 stars was the last cake we had for my birthday party was reeeaaalllly dry, it was almost like eating a dry sponge, I was very disappointed.

My experience at this bakery left a bad taste in my mouth figuratively and literally.
I walked in smiling looking forward to have a little after lunch treat, but left feeling slighted.
The woman greeted me with the usual "Hello, how are you", and I replied, "Good.
How are you?
As I approached the counter, she turned her back on me and picked up the phone without saying anything like, "Excuse me or I will be right with you or Let me have someone else help you.
"  I think this is very rude and uninviting.
I think the customer who walks in the store and is present should be served first rather someone calling on the phone.
The workers either have no manners or are incompetent.
Either way, customer service is nonexistent.
And last but not least, the cookies were not fresh and tasted cardboardy.
This bakery is under renovation.
May I suggest to the owner or manager to also have their employees undergo some attitude adjustment or some basic customer service training?

We have purchased 2 cakes from here.
Both were awesome.
People are friendly, and treat you fantastic.
I love all the treats here!
So hard to stay away!
If you have a special occasion that you would like to have people remember, grab something from here.
You shan't be disappointed.

I absolutely love this bakery :) my first time here and I have to say I'm hooked!
I got a free macaroon to try, it was absolutely scrumptious!

Man, Leopold's used to be one of my all time favorites, but I have definitely changed my mind about this place.
My husband brought home Leopolds a couple weeks ago.
A strawberry shortcake something and my all time favorite Leopold's eclair.
Besides the prices that have increased my favorite item from there wasn't filled with custard.
Now I'm not sure if they had other eclairs that didn't have the whipped filling but my husband told me that was the only one.
Strawberry cake was ok, nothing that would give you a foodgasm and oh yea he got suckered into buying two macarons.
The macarons were pretty good but at a buck fifty for one macaron smaller than a half dollar I'm ok without it.
Last night my husband went to Leopold's again...he said he got a tres leches cupcake and this oreo caramel something.
The cupcake was not a tres leches cupcake and I'm not sure if he heard the lady incorrectly or what but it was more of a coffee icing with a very dry chocolate cake on the bottom.
TOTAL disappointment.
The oreo caramel thing was a bit like a fudge...wasn't bad but it was very dense.
For 9 bucks I know I can do better and I think that Leopolds has changed ownership?
The sticker label says something else and then "Leopold's" so maybe that is what happened.
In any case I feel awful for writing such a crappy review about a place that I used to love so much, but I know I can do better.

I love when a bakery can knock my socks off, and it happens so little.
I fell in love with the fresh apple crisp, and the flourless dark chocolate tart.
The creams, and dough are done with such expertise you know that this is experience at hand and not just another amateur who watched the cooking channel too much.
Love this place.

Stopped by here as convenient for my meeting afterwards and didn't want to go empty handed.
Had heard positive things and I liked the place.
Nice shopping place with a variety other things.
The service was friendly and answered all my questions.
Got a cookie assortment and a few macaroons.
The cookies were ok but the macaroons were the best we have had in town.
Not too sweet and good flavor.
They even said we can order an assortment as they are looking into making more flavors.
Not 5 stars as they are expensive for the size of the pastries and the cookie assortment is really lacking.
I can go to a bakery closer to home too and get larger pastries for the same price.
The people who I brought them for enjoyed them but I would have liked better variety.

Leopold's did my wedding cake in February.
It was the best cake I ever tasted.
Originally we wanted to do a layer cake of Devil food and Angel with a peanut butter mousse.
The wonderful staff, owners, and Chefs made a trial run of the cake because they were concerned with the Angel food layers being squished because of the weight.
The day of the tasting I was sick with the flu and strep and could not attend.
My fiancé went and sampled the cake.
Leopold's was right the Angel food layer was squished by the weight, so we decided to go with white cake instead.
They were kind enough to send the remaining cake home so I could have some when I was better.
I am glad they voiced their concerns and help with new ideas and thoughts.
They were so friendly and accommodating.
The wedding cake was so beautiful and delicious.
I cannot wait until February to eat the top that stares at me every time I open my freezer.
I dream about the day and drool every time I think about it!

Nice little bakery.
They made shark cookies for Shark Week which was cute.
The tiramisu was delicious.

This is long and overdue....approx a year ago.
I hope the customer service has improved since my visit.
Worst customer service!
The young man who came to the counter was very cordial and polite as I inquired about purchasing a cake, paying in full and then picking up before closing.
He went to the back asked his boss, a female, when they were making the cake I was requesting.
He came back and said his boss was not going to make the cake and apologized.
He suggested get a different cake and said he didn't make up the rules.
Business must be very good that they are willing to turn away paying customers.

Love this place!
Placed my order online for a German Chocolate Cake for my 30th Wedding Anniversary and the cake was on point!
Moist and yummy!.
My wife loved it!
Thank you for making my day special.
I placed the order in California and pick it up in Las Vegas Nevada, worked like clock work!
My daughters birthday is coming soon and I will be given you a call, thanks for being PROFESSIONAL!!

Wow.
What a great place!!!
It all looks beautiful and tastes even better Everything we bought and gave as gifts was a smash hit.
This group of girls are so kind and helpful.
Allison was so kind and even helped us take our cakes and cookies out to the car.
Try the signature macaroons, the Russian cookies, Carrot cake, lemon meringue pie and the Bavarian creme cakes.
The Yule log and Ginger Bread houses look fabulous.
They made our Thanksgiving treats and we are thrilled to have Rolling in Dough in our neighborhood!!

I came in mid Friday afternoon and ordered a birthday cake that I needed the next day by noon.
They were more than accommodating.
I came back the next day to pick up the cake and they made a beautiful cake for my daughter's ninth birthday.
Great customer service.
The cake was delicious!

Late post.
In October I was referred to Rolling in Dough (aka Leopold's) & decided to get my daughter's 4th birthday cake with them.
I must admit I was in a bit of a jam since I was ordering the cake only 3 weeks before the event & never tasting any of their stuff.
I went in with my daughter & came prepared with two pages of photos of what I wanted.
The tall pretty blonde lady that helped me was pleasant however she immediately down selled me to a cheaper cake when I inquired about a two tier cake.
I suppose I looked broke to her.
She kept telling me that all the cakes on display were extremely expensive.
Again I must have looked like a poor Mexican girl on welfare that she couldn't even give me quote on them.
Next I asked for a sample of their different cake flavors & was told they don't have any or do that.
However a couple that walked in were promptly sat & samples displayed for their engagement cake.
Maybe you need an appointment but I wasn't told that!
I didn't need a large cake only for about 30 kids however being a new customer I expected better service instead of that.
Unfortunately for them my services will now go to bakeries that have better customer service.
I agreed to a small round cake for about 15-20 people ..... this was strictly for young kids btw & I REPEATEDLY told her that the molds of an equestrian riding helmet, whip & blue ribbon were to cover the entire top of the cake.
She said yes yes yes & what I got was these stupid tiny molds that made my already small cake look even smaller.
She told me that they love adding glitter to their cakes & would do so for free....come day of pick up....NO GLITTER!
I complained that the molds were not what I asked for & she had the nerve to tell me that I didn't request that & that I was completely wrong.
I took my cake & left annoyed but luckily it was my daughter's birthday & nothing could ruin that day.
Cake was moist & delicious but never going back since customer service sucks.
I don't know nor care if that was a busy day, week or month for them; if they couldn't satisfy my order tell me & let's work with what you CAN do.
Dismissing me as they did was rude & unprofessional.

I'd never been here before, as I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but my mom was visiting town and insisted we get a cake for my birthday (I'm 48, not 8).
The service was outstanding.
We thought one cake would be too much for only 3 of us, and had fun selecting from the big case of treats.
We got a neapolitan, creme puff and a slice of carrot cake.
A lady in the kitchen overheard our conversation, came out, asked my name, and returned with a personalised birthday message on the slice of carrot cake!
Everything was so delicious, we wished we had bought a whole cake.

I was soooo disappointed.
I am a sucker for trying out bakeries and this one was so cute.
The girl inside was really friendly and helped me pick out my goodies.
I got a chocolate croissant, which was so-so, an m&m cookie which was only ok, some other smaller cookies, a piece of cake and a bear claw.
The best of the bunch was the bear claw and even that was disappointing.

Had the lemon meringue.
The meringue was gritty from sugar and super sweet but the lemon tart was yummy.
Bought french macarons too that were on the disappointing side.
They've got cute cakes tho!
Waste of 7.50 - should've gone too sambalatte!

Not good, the stuff looks great but very dry and lacking in the flavor department.
The only reason we stopped there was because our favorite bakery was closed and we wanted sweets.
The place is dirty as well, I didn't expect that from a shop in Summerlin.

I tried a simple cupcake.
The vanilla cupcake was moist however the buttercream icing was hard, possibly old and enough to turn me off.
I may try this place again if I'm in the area but I won't make a special trip.

Items selected:  Red Velvet Cupcake "Breakfast" Cupcake Strawberry Macaron Apple Cinnamon Macaron Mini Éclair Mini Lemon Meringue Pie Mini Apple Cranberry Tart Mini Creampuff Funfetti Cake  Located steps from my front door and having recently undergone rebranding from old-timey "Leopold's Bakery" to "Rolling in Dough Bakery [substantially subtitled] & Leopold's Cakery" I finally decided to pay the small shop a visit this Saturday; friendly service but high prices and underwhelming products perhaps my punishment for not stopping by sooner.
Featuring all the 'standards' of a modern American bakery with options ranging from simple cupcakes and cookies to more fanciful macarons and choux-based options plus croissants and cinnamon rolls that did not even *appear* appetizing it was a wide swath of the menu that I was able to sample given a collection of petit fores, but almost across the board every single item was simply 'sweet' with indistinct flavors and off-textures - soggy choux, dry cake, and cloying cooked frostings the biggest offenders.
Focusing on the few items that at least worked in parts, the red velvet far outdid the funfetti and 'breakfast' options by presenting moist cake and tangy cream cheese frosting while both tarts, though far too sweet to let natural fruits shine, presented a respectable buttery crust that in more restrained hands could produce a great seasonal pie.
Speaking last to macarons, the general quality of most I've tasted in Las Vegas lacking, I would strongly recommend those preferring jam based centers take a look here as both cookies featured good crackle giving way to a quickly dissipating crumb over intense filling, the apple again a bit saccharine but the strawberry like an early bite of summer...two great bites amidst a $25 tab quoted off the top of the clerk's head without any listed prices or detailed receipt, none of it a reason to return even given the proximity as I've produced better versions of all but the macarons in my own kitchen.

Love this place!
Friendly staff.
Good prices.
Lots of "locals" constantly in here.
Great desserts and cakes that are never frozen.
Red Velvet Cake was incredible!
And now they have DONUTS?

Drove past this place several times, wanted to love it.
Service was top-notch!
Cashier engaged me in conversation and even greeted and checked on customers who were just in to browse the display cases.
But ultimately I went in for cupcakes- selection was limited to three, not too big a deal.
Large selection of other pastries, cakes, and miniature desserts.
Seeing as how the place has "cakery" in the name, I kind of had inflated expectations.
Flavors sounded great and presentation looked good: red velvet with chocolate shavings, white cake dipped in white chocolate and filled with lemon cream and topped with a lemon-strawberry frosting, and a white cake dipped in chocolate with a raspberry frosting and a raspberry garnish.
All very pretty, packed well in individual holders in the take-out box.
But they were all dry.
And the lemon filling in one was overwhelmingly unpalatable- the teenager I bought them for would not eat that flavor.
Red velvet was the favorite, but frostings on all tasted eerily similar despite being wildly different flavors.
Might come back for other things if in the area and in a pinch, but it won't be cupcakes.

We have visited this bakery every time we were in Vegas which is normally 2-3 times a year.
Could not believe the drastic difference on my last two visits, not even going for three strikes the last time was my last visit.
Can't get over how horribly & rudely we were treated both times it was like we were bothering them and the place wasn't busy but the woman behind the counter was more interested in phone calls than taking care of us as a customer.
The second time a blonde woman was just plain nasty.
There is much less of a selection now.
On each of our last 2 visits we purchased an assortment of about 8 items because we love to taste everything and both times everything looked beautiful but the tastes was average to subpar; some were so overly sweet they were  gritty and others didn't even taste fresh because the cake was extremely dry.
All pricing was raised so now it is pricey which is even less palatable due to the lack of taste quality.
Unfortunately, I guess another establishment bites the dust due to new ownership and I am sure the majority of rave reviews on here were prior to the current ownership since I used to tell everyone how great this place was too, but can no longer recommend it.

This is sad that I have to write this knowing that I used to order cakes from Leopold's bakery (previous name).
I ordered a cake for my son a month before his party and sent emails and even talked to one of the bakers for the cake specifications.
Five days before the party, they contacted me to tell me that they made some scheduling error.
After making arrangements so that I can still pick it up on the same day I scheduled it for, I was disappointed to see that the cake was not designed based on what I have ordered.
I requested the pool party themed- cake to have  fondant figures (a little boy and a beach boy), a 3D paper banner showing the Happy Birthday, and the beach/pool party themed edible wafers to be placed "around" the cake (not on top of it)...ALL OF WHICH WERE NOT PRESENT BUT PAID FOR.
The cake doesn't look like the picture I showed them for.
It was supposed to be the highlight of the birthday table, instead, I was embarrassed to show it to everybody.
I had to run to Party City to get a candle that says Happy Birthday so that the cake will not look generic and blah!
I must admit, the cake tastes good BUT it was very poorly presented.
When I contacted the bakery to vent out my concerns and request a partial refund, they said they can ONLY offer a store credit.
REALLY?
Do you think I would buy another product from their bakery and stuff myself with desserts so as to get my credit back?
I was very patient exchanging emails and phone conversations with them for almost a week without any resolution.
WHY IS IT SO EASY FOR THEM TO ASK FOR PAYMENT AND SO DIFFICULT FOR THEM TO REFUND IN CASH FOR SOMETHING THAT WAS NOT DELIVERED ACCORDINGLY?
I DON'T NEED A STORE CREDIT.
I WANT MY  MONEY BACK!!!
I paid for things that were not on the cake, it's plain and simple.
Also, the owner Pam had the audacity to send text messages to me instead of giving me a phone call.
Oh and by the way, I called her phone (she obviously didn't pick up), I left a voice message and never got a call back...instead another text message.
How unprofessional is that?
And she  quotes on her text, "We truly believe in customer service and our product..." Seriously?
Never again will I be ordering another cake from this bakery.
Watch out, they post great looking cakes on their facebook page...don't get your hopes high!

