I was hired to work here before they officially opened, but unfortunately had to turn it down due to family issues and time constraints.
I was very sad that I was unable to join their team, because it is ADORABLE!
Good atmosphere, nice people, owner really seemed like a genuine guy to me.
Also it is nice to get out of the starbucks/coffee bean rut.

The mighty cup is this nice cozy little coffee shop filled with lots of arts and crafts from local artists.
The whole atmosphere is bursting with creativity and its so cozy that you'd feel like you are having your cup of tea or coffee right at home!!
I was there Thursday night which is their Poetry Reading night!
Different poets or poetry enthusiasts mingle, read and enjoy the wonders of poetry!
I enjoyed it alot!
Try their Chai latte - its de-licious!!

The mighty cup has wifi now, i was there yesterday for the poetry reading.
what an awesome time we had!

So, I moved to Arizona for  grad school a few months ago.
I love working/studying/etc.
in a cafe environment, and the closest approximation to my haunts in San Francisco or Shanghai has been Starbucks.
Today I discovered an indie cafe in Glendale that is comparable, if not better, than many cafes in San Francisco.
With nice and soft music, a laidback staff, free wifi and a cool environment I have found my new home in Glendale.

Last weekend I visited Mighty Cup.
Or time traveled.
It's possible I did both at the same time, like when I astrally projected myself at Castles N' Coasters with my friends when I was supposed to be grounded for doing a "how to" speech on ambushing your class with a surprise egging, complete with demonstration.
Cleverly disguised as a yard sale, Mighty Cup offers all the nostalgia, culture, and personality that those old timey "colonial reenactment" towns offer, but with much better tasting concessions and the sensation of still having your dignity intact when you leave.
MC is relevant to many of my obscure interests, like "eccentric elderly folk" and "live ambient acoustic music".
The interior has that cramped, hectic vibe that you so rarely get in those mainstream coffee chains with their Freudian "tell me about your mother" armchairs and tables that no one ever sits at because why live in Arizona if you're not going to sip your coffee and $5 pastry outside?
They make a mean cup of hot chocolate.
Like, it actually tastes like chocolate.
I'd be willing to do a Pepsi Challenge between MC and Starbucks' "signature hot chocolate" but that would just be wasteful, blowing 4 bucks on a hot chocolate so I can take a sip, decide I don't like it, and throw it away.
If I don't eat it all and find a creative use for the packaging, my budget won't allow for it.
Best of all, MC is smooth, like jazz and a cold beer.
Yes, I did just use one beverage to describe another.
Deal.
I was a little worried when I got to the bottom, the last few droplets.
I was totally prepared to get a mouthful of granules, you know, like I do when I get to Starbucks.
But alas, MC is liquid all the way down.
That sounds really gross now that I've reread that.
The only thing this place is missing a superhero mascot, like Mighty Mouse but with a coffee cup instead of a mouse head.
It's probably a good thing I spend 1/3 of my day locked up in a computer lab helping people reset their passwords and locate that word file that they can't find because they don't know how "folders" work.
I'm sure once I stop doing that I will cease to be useful.
It's a shame that Mighty Cup doesn't fall into my daily commute, or else I'd stop by here every day to get a hot and caffeinated beverage on my way to work.
It's probably a good thing though, that it isn't.
Caffeine + Sitting in a chair in front of a computer all day = Danger!
As my previous reviews might suggest.

Definitely love the feel of the place and that they have free wi-fi and ample outdoor seating.
Always a fan of independent coffee shops.
The iecd chai-latte was delish but way overpriced as I got about 5 sips out of it due to all the ice.
It's as pricey, if not a bit more, than Starbucks, and refills on just coffee was overpriced in my mind.
I'm used to independent coffee shops that charge hardly anything for just coffee refills while you're sitting in the shop.
They have sandwiches and other foods for lunch, too.
Cool place though.
Check it out if you get a chance.

This place is cozy.
Like my grandma's house without the horrible old person smells.
I liked it, and by golly i think I'm a going to go back.
It's in old town Glendale, which can be kinda sketchy at night if you ask me, but the place is spotless and the people inside are very nice.
I think it has WIFI too, but what coffee place doesn't now a days?
The iced latte I got was bitchenly powerful, just how I like it.

My sister and I, on our second day in Arizona, went walking around "downtown" Glendale.
We were hot (July!
) and needed coffee.
We found this place on accident.
Inside sat two women, talking quietly among themselves.
At first we felt like an interruption, but this couldn't have been further from the truth.
One woman jumped up, took our order and poured us a delicious cup of strong, but not bitter coffee.
The other woman, after finding out we were new in town, began telling us all about Glendale and Arizona from the history and weather to her intriguing past.
Overall, a nice coffee break.
I will return.

Visiting from Minneapolis, where independent good tasting coffee is a must, Mighty Cup makes the list.
The coffee was well-priced and the atmosphere was wonderful.
Visiting Downtown Glendale and thirsty?
Visit Mighty Cup!

The food was delicious, the coffee was about the best I've ever had at a coffee shop.
We went for the Karaoke.
The karaoke was the WORST  organized I've ever seen.
I put in for my song, 2 hours later I still was waiting to sing.
One young man that was helping with the equipment sang 3 times after I put in for my song.
There was a group of his friends  called the crazy kids sang twice and I'm still waiting., plus all the other regulars that sang.
The Food was great and the atmosphere was fun, more fun if they new who you were.
"IF" I ever do return to this place it wont be for the karaoke.

Great coffee with a homey environment.
I'll be back.

Rob Halford-inspired stuffed mermen.
That is my biggest impression from my (so-far) single visit to the Mighty Cup.
No, I'm not kidding.
My hubby & I met with a good friend here, for a bit of a send-off over a late-night cuppa.
I chose it, based on other, positive Yelper postings (thanks!).
What I really liked:  1.
This place was open until 10 pm-ish.
In downtown Glendale, that is unheard of.
It's close enough to Glendale Ave so that I wasn't nervous about parking there at night.
The space is a re-used house, reminiscent of the early days of the original Willow House.
Small and homey.
It's crammed full of really funky, locally-made arts and crafts.
I was dying to buy one of the leather mermen (seriously, I'll have to post the pic I took) but I need another knickknack like a hole in the head.
Other items included pin-up door hangers and hand-painted fans.
The iced dark mocha that I got was really good, super rich tasting even though it was nonfat.
Hubby was ok with his usual iced triple latte - he rarely gets excited about anything.
I can't recall the price for two 'grande'-sized drinks, but I'm pretty sure it was under $10, including tip.
What I wasn't so thrilled about:  1.
The wait.
I totally get that it's a bare-bones, relaxed staff and that we were there on movie night, but should it really take a full 5 minutes per drink, when the three of us were the only paying customers?
I must mention, though, the woman who was providing service was very nice.
Just really slow.
I'll have to remember to put my 'relaxed' hat on, the next time I go.
I'm usually in such a rush, that I get easily irritated with those who aren't at the same pace.
So, I'll file this under 'expect it when I return'... and I will return.

I have been here probably 4-5 times and havent been disappointed even once !!
The coffee is very gud...On Fiday nites they have a karaoke outside on the lawn...I think most of the local folks stayin in and around glendale downtown come here to have a fun nite !!
The coffee shop is a house converted..It has room with nice neat things which is nice to see....I have a gud time every time i go here !

I drink coffee daily and have lived in the Pacific Northwest for the past ten years for background purposes.
In regards to the Not So Mighty Cup.
The coffee is good, but overpriced.
The service is below average.
With that being said, if I lived around the corner I would probably come here.
Thank the Creator I don't live in downtown Glendale.

The Mighty Cup: Making 'old town' Glendale less boring one open mic night at a time.
I've always enjoyed seeing some acoustic, or even stand up comedy while I sip on a late-night latte.
The coffee itself is decent, and the motif here is--you guessed it, a "mighty" sized beverage to keep you buzzed all night.
There's a wide variety, and you can compliment your drink with a small menu of cakes, pastries, or hot sandwiches.
The look of the place is...well, antique.
It's an old house.
Nothing fancy.
Everything artsy.
If you're trying to rebel against mainstream coffee, this is a great place to start.

The Mighty Cup is very deceiving.
The coffee house in itself is charming.
It's a historic house in downtown that has been turned into a coffee house.
I have not experienced the live music or poetry that it often boasts, but that is because I did not care for their coffee.
I  have had three beverages from this place, and each time I've been disappointed.
I suppose I'm an optimist, or perhaps a glutton for punishment.
My chai tea was watered down the first time i ordered.
The second time, I ordered an ice blended coffee drink that was not "blended" and a cup of coffee.
The coffee was mediocre.
If you are a person that really enjoys coffee, I wouldn't recommend this place.

Finally, good tasting coffee for a change.
Too many places convert a cute house into a coffee shop, or other suitably cute building, and then serve whatever for coffee and expect to make it on atmosphere, vibe, musical guests, location, etc.
The coffee here is quite good.
Yes, it is a little pricey.
I was a little shocked having to reach back into my wallet for more than $2 for the smallest cup to go.

The porch is perfect, make sure you order a blended drink and sit on the porch at the same time!
After a run through of the knick knacks in the house!
For awhile they had free outdoor craft fairs on the front l liked that -- A small community, worth the trip

Didn't get too crazy with my drink order but went with an iced nonfat latte.
The latte is good.
Not the best I've had but it was good.
I also ordered a turkey sandwich.
I know I probably shouldn't expect much from a sandwich ordered at a coffee shop but this poor little turkey sandwich was weak!
It was cheap, small wheat bread, bland turkey, and wilting lettuce.
It was also served with a decent sized stack of stale chips and a pickle spear.
Sad, but the pickle spear was the most exciting part of lunch.
Oh well, I'll go back for more coffee sometime.
Happy that they do have a punch card for frequent buyers.
And, the punch card is 6th drink free!!!
That's a better deal than you get most places.
Next time I'll eat luch somewhere else and then drop by for a cup of coffee.

I went here to get some studying done during the middle of the week in the late morning.
I've never been to this place before, but it was very easy to find.
The owner was inside and she was very nice.
Nobody else was around, which was great for me.
Large outdoor patio is nice; maybe not so much when it's 110 outside though.
I'll definitely be back for one of the evening events!

This is the real deal with this place.
It's adorable and the area surrounding it is adorable.
Nestled in old town Glendale among beautiful masonry buildings and historic store front converted residences...
It's really cute.
I love that it's in an old house and I like how friendly the vibe is.
I hear they do lots of open mic nights and show movies, and that's cool.
In general I'd say it has a lot of potential to be great, but could use a little finesse.
However, most of the clientele probably is fine with it just the way it is- and catering to your demographic is the most important thing.
So, I think if you are in the area, this is a fun little spot to get some coffee and chat with friends.

This place is awesome.
Since moving to Arizona, we have been looking for a place like this.
It's more like a bar without alcohol.
There's a lot of social interaction and great fun.
On Tuesday nights there is movie night, on Wednesday nights it's open mic night and the Thursday, Friday, and Saturday it's karaoke.
All but movie night takes place on the front porch & lawn.
Everybody is friendly and makes you feel comfortable and welcome.
Highly recommend this place.

Wednesday nights are open mic, it's a great place to sit outside, relax, and listen to music.
The strawberry smoothies are delucious!

Nice little coffee spot in old down town Glendale.
Cute artsy crafts, purses,  jewelry, nic naks.
Nice little hide away.
Free WI-FI

Came in for a quick cup of Joe during Glitter n Glows.
Was my first time here but I did enjoy the old restored house with different rooms where you can sit and talk to friends and drink coffee.
All I had on my trip was a cup of coffee but I would like to come back for a speciality drink or sandwich.
I know my time was limited here but it had a very positive vibe, similar to the Phoenix classic The Willow House.
It's almost like The Willow House was moved from central Phx to downtown Glendale.lol.

Went here after our Shot of Java experience.
Place is not dirty, but not clean either.
Most of the patrons (3), seem to have an aversion to personal cleanliness.
Spent $10 on two smoothies and threw them in the garbage a block away.
Come on Glendale!

Being that I was out of town for the long weekend and was in the mood for some coffee, we "Yelped"  and found this location.
It's an outdoor setting primarily used for karaoke and entertainment with tables and chairs decorating the front lawn.
We made our way into the historic house which has been converted into a coffee house.
The lady at the counter (older lady, butch haircut with tattoos) asked what we were having and I kindly asked for any suggestions.
The menu contained numerous items and I was hoping she can help me make a decision or at least help stir me in the right direction.
What happened next, I wouldn't have expected in a million years.
She rudely replied that she does not know what I like, therefore, she can't make any recommendations.
I usually ask for recommendations especially from new places and I've never had this type of response.
Again, I proceeded to explain what would be considered their signature drink, something popular with their customers and she again insisted not to help me or willing to make any suggestions.
I have asked bartenders, waiters, waitresses and baristas this question many times and I have yet to get a response like this one.
They are always friendly and more than willing to share their top sellers or most popular drinks.
I was so floored by her response and attitude that I simply decided not to give her my business, walked-out with no drink and appalled by her rude behavior.
If ever I'm in Glendale, I know NEVER to visit this coffee house again.

The Mighty Cup is a little coffee house with huge personality.
We walked over from Haus Murphy's, attracted by the crowd that was gathered outside watching karaoke.
Everyone was very inviting.
I had a smoothie which was pretty good.
They have sandwiches and a variety of coffee drinks.
I also enjoyed looking at the arts and crafts that were for sale.
I had a blast, and the crowd was kind when I stepped up to sing.

I came here for a quick drink while working in the area.
I have been here before for a cup of coffee although this time I ordered tea.
The tea was nothing special with it basically being what I would buy at Safeway or fryes mixed with some hot water.
No specialty blend or real frills.
It would be nice if they maybe partnered with a tea shop and sold some unique teas.
The server was nice and friendly but the fact that the coffee shop is actually in an old historic home is the star of the show.
Worth the stop just to check out the old house.

Got an Italian soda with vanilla syrup and cream.
It was ok.
I thought that they also sold bags of coffee.

Thanks to another local coffee shop being closed, my friend and I were able to try this place.
It was great!!
The ambience was awesome, the coffee delicious and the staff friendly.
We happened to stumble upon open mic night which are held on Tuesday evenings.
So glad we did.
Nothing beats enjoying some coffee while catching some live tunes.
Plus it's housed in a historic house which adds awesome character to it.
This place is a true gem.
Starbucks eat your heart out!

Was a very cute little place.
Very artsy!!
Good coffee.
Awesome cake!!!!
Not too sweet and full of flavor.
Will be back.

The guy working was very rude.
They closed thirty min early and all sat outside drinking coffee.
Then told us they're closed.
When I said your website says your open he yelled again at me and said they're closed.

