I don't shop at Bebe because I feel their clothes don't fit the average size woman.
They are definitely made high fashion for size zero.
Most of their designs are made for the club scene with skimpy outfits and cocktail dresses.
Some of their clothes are cute, but way overpriced.
It also seems they want to stamp their name on EVERYTHING possible.
Tacky!

This is the typical Bebe store, with the Scottsdale attitude.
There wasn't a huge sales rack, in fact there was only a sale rack.
There was a decent selection.
I did end up buying a dress here, and got it at a great sale price.
I did have an interesting interaction with the cashier.
She asked me for my phone number to add to my store points, and of course I started with 773, and she thought I said 877...  Who would have an 877 number?!
Serioulsy...

Of all the Bebe store's in the Valley, this is the one that I have found to have the best customer service.
True, they don't have a huge sale inventory (for that go to the one at Biltmore), however they will go above and beyond in the areas of phone "orders" and have no problem looking for certain items that you may have found on bebe.com, but wish to purchase locally.
I had my husband pick up a dress for me and they knew I was going to be wearing it that evening, (like as soon as he walked in the door we were going right back out for this party), and they PRESSED it for me free of charge!
My husband didn't even ask, they just did it.
Above and beyond, that's what I'm talkin' about...

If you are super petite, this is the store to go to.
I have all sorts of trouble finding clothes elsewhere.
I just wish the prices were more moderate.
I did find some decent deals in the sales section tho.
They have 00's here, which is a size many manufactures ignore.
Style: They used to have a lot of cute stuff around December ish.
The styles have changed a lot since then,  (not a huge fan of the draped tops or the zipper dresses/ bandage dresses)  but I still like the staff and service.
Great place to look for a party dress.
I bought a pair of  white shorts on sale here which were super comfy.
Staff was friendly, upbeat,  and made great suggestions.
Helpful.

The sales girls were extremely helpful and friendly!
I will definitely return.
I got two amazing dresses on sale for less than $60 for both!

