This is my favorite PT's to go to at the moment.
The bartenders are nice, the place is spacious, and there's a nice area outside to just chill at.
There are also pool tables and the infamous Golden Tee to play.
It's clean, and the food is good.
It's set up pretty nice.
I'm just a fan of this place.

Pleasantly surprised with this place!
We stopped by to watch the early (10 AM) NFL games after having no luck finding a seat at GVR.
We sat at the bar and played video poker and had a nice view of 3 games, with a view of 3 more games possible with neck craning involved.
Bartender was friendly and helpful.
Drink prices were decent (2.50 bud products.. my huge blue moon was $6 but was comped for playing video poker).
The best part?
The food!
I was very impressed.
This is just bar food people, so no it doesn't compare to a nice steak dinner.. but for bar food it rocked.
$16.99 for a bucket of DELISH sliders (10 to a bucket.. with cheese, on yummy buns) or $16.99 for a bucket of wings.
Best part about the wings?
You can get them bone in, bone out, or chicken finger style.
You can also get up to 3 sauces in your bucket (tons to choose from).
The General Tso boneless was awesome.. kind of what Chinese food General Tso should be (white meat, yummy sauce.. no scary bites of "what the hell is this" meat).
The Gold Rush sauce was also a pleasant surprise.. perfect mix of BBQ and Buffalo flavors.. yum!
3 of us attempted to split the slider bucket and wing bucket but we had tons left over.
4-6 pople could comfortably dine here on less than $35.
Not bad!
Trying to find a reason to fault this place, but can't think of anything.. honestly.
Oh, and as a side note.. this appears to be a Steelers hangout on Sundays.
It was awesome for us this particular week as we were betting on the Steelers and the Steelers won!
However..
I'd stay away if you are betting on the other side.

Hands down my favorite PT's.
All the stuff you love about PT's plus a great patio.

PT's is overall a great little chain of bars food throughout the Valley.
The have a location on almost every major street at some point or another.
PT's delivers your full-bar and draft brews along with a nice list of both starter items and full entrees.

Great little local with half price specials from 4-8pm & after midnight until early morning.
Friendly and busy staff, fair bar food, loads of flatscreen in HD, 3 pool tables and a large sofa area for sitting comfort.
PT's is a local bar, where the drinks are almost 1/3th the price a tourist will pay at the main attractions.

I happened to stumble upon this plate on a late late night.
Cheap drinks and pizza at this hour.
Not bad.
I was kinda bummed that I saw no dart board in sight.
All I got was a Long Island Iced Tea to accompany my terrible pool skills.
Among friends, it's all just a good time.
Place wasn't too busy at around the 1am hour on a Saturday.
Great place to hang after hours if you're looking for a mellow chill spot in the area.

"Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
"- Benjamin Franklin  haha.
PT's at this location is one of our favorite places to chill.
Get the beer by the pitcher and order the nachos with ground beef.
While you wait for your food, go play some pool.
After you drink, see how good you are now ; )

We came here friday afternoon for the HH.
They have 50% off drinks from 4-7.
My bf and his friend took advantage of all 3 of those hrs.
I got there around 5:30.
The total for all 3?
$56.00.
Yes  not bad.
Had we been at most other places it would have been double that.
We walked about a block over and went to BWW.
It was a good time.
I was surprised the girls took my order but as my bf pointed out, this was PT's Gold, not Sierra gold... ah... well played.
i'd come back.
definitely.
the drinks were good and strong, not watered down like most places.

Good place for a local to go and have a drink.
The place is clean, people are friendly and the lemon pepper wings are amazing!
We like it because its within walking distance for us, but also because its never too crowded.
Don't get me wrong, it gets busy but its not crazy like the Vegas clubs... so its a great place to have a drink, hang out and relax.

Well, this is a PT's... gold...   Not sure whats different between the original and the gold...
But I didnt really pay much attention to that...     the service was excellent, the beer was good, cold and plentiful... not much more you can ask for.
I really liked it there.
The waitress was over a lot to check on us and was very pleasant to deal with.
The bartender was also very personable.
all in all it was a great experience there and I will definitely go back.

This is a good place to go, relax and have a drink.
The bartenders are always friendly and if you do a little gambling the drinks are always comped.
I wish there was a little more happening here...
While its fun to have a quiet night out it would also be nice to see a little beer pong or something to bring in a crowed.
Fun place to hang pit with some friends or your gf/wife...
But I wouldn't go here to find someone.

Went to the local PT's Gold a couple of days ago for beer and bites.
Well, the beer was good anyway.
My wife got nachos which were amongst the worst ever.
The cheese was just the liquid variety poured all over, and a topping of what was supposed to be quacamole....not really so sure, but it was green anyway.
Really terrible nachos.
I don't know how the chains head chef does not realize this.
The burger was passable to moderately good, however the fries with it were soggy grease bombs.
All in all a weak experience.....but the beer was good!

Service is not great, which is typical at PTs.
The staff seems to only talk to people they know.
I wasn't offered a drink while playing, and there were only a few customers.
I recently joined PTs text club and was there as a result of that.
They send out some great offers and I hope they keep doing it!
Boneless wings are very good.

This is my favorite local hangout in Henderson.
There are PTs everywhere in the valley, but this one has a cool firepit outside and a fun group of regulars.
I normally come late Thursday or Friday night to take advantage of the half proced beers and pizzas.
The bartender Greg is a Steelers fan (which is forgivable) remembers your name and your beer (which is awesome) and always makes sure people are taken care of and enjoying themselves.
The food offerings are standard bar fare.
Burgers, wings, pizzas, but its always worth checking out the monthly specials menu.
Bourbon wings, buffalo chicken sandwiches, black and blue burgers, there's usually something that is pretty damn good and reasonably priced to boot.
All in all, you can't go wrong with this location if you're looking for a spot for good eats, cold beer and a chill vibe.

Went in tonight and was "served" by Rob.
What a nightmare!
It was almost like we had to beg for service as he dropped off our drinks and then ignored us.
My friend cashed out the money he had in his poker machine simply so he could get Rob over to take our food order.
A little while later the food shows up, we eat and continue to work on our drinks... we never see Rob until we flag him down for the bill.
When we get the bill we notice he has charged us for our drinks and ask him why?
He proceeds to throw out all kinds of attitude and says you weren't playing... only people who play get drinks comped.
He then says my friend was only betting 1 credit at a time and thats not enough.
Maybe if he had checked on us once in a while he would have seen that we both had money in the machine and were playing the whole time...I know I lost $40 that should more than cover the 1 beer I drank.
The sad thing is that if he would not have acted like a major jerk I would not be so upset.
When you work on tips your service is what makes you money.
Yelp says I have checked into PT's 33 times...
I'm pretty sure Rob has helped me more than a few times and I have always played while I was here.
To accuse me and my friends of trying to cheat him out of a free beer is unacceptable.
I know now why this place is empty all the time.

Consistently good pub food at pts ... BBQ chicken pizza, 2 beers, carrots and celery.
Love it.
Wait staff her was quick and friendly .
Plenty of TV s on baseball on a MNF night.
Will be back

This is the worst bar ever!
Ordered a pizza and literally 30 mins later nothing came... went to the bar tender guy.. some white 40 old guy says they gave it to someone else and they gonna make some in 10 minutes...
serious?!
They need to keep their s$#* together...
When we got here.. it was 1:20 am and they literally waited until 1:57 to serve and charge us not the happy hour price... for real ... ive been to many pts but this is the worst beyond my belief... never coming back ever ...

Short happy hour but 1/2 off drinks is a steal!
The pizza is delicious!
Love the ham & pineapple!
TJ is a great waitress & handles a big group with ease.
Thanks!

My wife had the chicken sandwich and onion rings and like it.
I had the Club wrap and fries.
The wrap was outstanding, felt that order of fries was skimpy.
Then I ask to order a side of fries and they don't sale side orders , if you want fries you have to order the $7 bucket that feeds four people.
They lost a star on the review because of the fries .
The server was nice and friendly.

We stopped in for a quick lunch, or so I thought.
You can easily spot PT's off of Eastern.
There is plenty of parking.
The place itself has much seating.
It was clean and not too smokey when we were there.
There were only a few other people dining there so I thought service would be quick.
We started off with their pretzels bites served with cheese and honey mustard.
The pretzels were pretty decent but the cheese was not.
It was a watery cheese if you can imagine.
We then split the Big O Burger.
It's topped with bacon, cheese onion rings and sautéed onions.
This was good.
It's really big enough for anyone to split and have enough to eat.
My issue was the service and how long we had to wait for our food.
When there are only a few others in the place, it shouldn't take long to prepare what we ordered.
I would have no problem upping the star rating if the service was better.
I'll keep hope for you PT's!

free wifi friendly staff but noticed lately it seems that business has slowed

I have been to several PT's in the area and this location is definitely one of my favorites.
I usually get boneless wings but this time I tried the summer special carne asada sandwich.
All I can say is YUM!
Amazing flavor on the meat with pepper jack, avocado,  and pico on grilled sourdough.
My twister fries were maybe a bit too crunchy for my taste but still good.
Great atmosphere in this place and the bartender was friendly.
I will definitely be back!

